I hosted a party here for ~24 people. Had the private patio in the back, which was amazing. The food and drinks were great and so was the service. No complaints at all. They even paced the meal perfectly, even though people were coming in and out. It did end up being pretty expensive, but totally worth it for the quality!
When life offers you something like the $40 chefs tasting menu at Traif you don't ask questions. You just go, love your meal, and then say thank you as many times as the staff will tolerate.   Traif is sitting pretty as my #1 favorite restaurant in NYC.  Do the right thing man.
One of the most tasteful time I had. Cocktail, wine, dishes, desserts were delicious plus an amazing service... It just made my day.
I have been dying to go to Traif for a while after reading all the phenomenal yelp reviews. We finally had a chance to go this weekend and it did not disappoint. There are so many amazing small plates! My personal favorites were the broccoli rabe and portobello truffle toast, short rib sliders and seared scallops. I love the laid back atmosphere and the ability to watch the kitchen in action. We are already plotting our next trip back!
One word about this place, amazing! I've dined here twice and both times were very pleasant, both the service and the food. I love that they modify their recipes to keep up with the seasons but maintain the overall theme. The first time I had the scallops they were served with cream corn and sage butter (summer) and recently had them with butternut squash puree and huckleberry. The sweetbreads are to die for. Truly unique dishes that combine sweet/salty/smoky flavors all at a reasonable price.
Came for an every dinner at 6pm and was seated right away in the outdoor heated patio area. Nice comfortable, casual atmosphere. The place has a semi-chic, hipster air to it. Nothing spectacular but I like a nice chill dining experience regardless of where I go. They offer a chefs menu for groups of 3 or more for $45 per person. The chefs menu includes 8-10 savory dishes and 2 desserts portioned according to how many people you have. We were also allowed to choose two of our dishes specifically. If coming with a group, I'd recommend this option for the best value as this restaurant is made for sharing and many of the plates will not be properly proportioned for equal sharing. The chefs selection also includes pretty much all the most popular dishes on the menu (at least according to what I've read on yelp) so go for it. As far as the actual meal, I'm not going to name everything but my two favorite dishes were 1) Tuna Tartare over fried eggplant and 2) Short rib sliders with sweet potato fries. In that order. All the food was good. Felt like portions could be a little bigger and some things could have packed a bit more flavor, but overall a damn good meal. Service was friendly, knowledge, accommodating, and our waitress had a great sense of humor. Not issues there. I hear they change their menu often and would definitely wanna try this place again for newer menu items.
As our super awesome waitress, Kayla, explained, Monday is Funday.  This is the day that the owner of Traif plans to be creative with the menu and the special drink selection to ensure each and every patron starts their week with a bang.   And so, we did.  Imbibe, eat, live.  As a Manhattanite, this restaurant made me love and long for brooklyn so much that after joking with the really friendly wait staff, bartenders, hostesses, etc, I literally rode the taxi home typing away at this review.  And wishing I lived here. Comes down to food, drink and service: Food -- on Mondays, it's all about the tapas and drinks.  We ordered the delicious truffley duck leg "in mourning" thanks to Monday's theme of Six Feet Under (my favorite show ever), the scallops on curry risotto, the freakin amazeballs Sweet Potato fries lobster poutine... And one other somewhat underwhelming dish, the gazpacho, which while good was just too tiny for our gargantuan, Hawaiian appetites.   Drink:  I ordered a few... Really knocked me on my ass. - Thirteen Buddhas:  Kohaku no Yume Shochu is a great spirit, and to use it in this way in a drink is nice and very different with the marshmallowy-ness - The Zombie, limit one per person, pretty Baller-tastic.  Got me all drunk and in the mood to... Yelp?  Anyway, it was delicious, and is limited to one per person because QUE FUERTEEEE! Service:  Kayla is a Baller, a Shot Caller and a Holler(er?).  Great waitress, attentive, and fun to talk with.   Also, behind the counter, Raymond and Kaitlyn gave us mucho drinko when we left, to top off our nice night.  Very cool. Shiny jacket Kristen... hostess, I also salute you. Zombie kills.  Drink one.  Live longer.  Eat awesomer.
It rivals Vinegar Hill House as my favorite restaurant in NYC right now.   If you can (and while you can), eat in the back on the patio. Unbelievable food and good service.  Worth the trip to Brooklyn, particularly for the meatballs, calamari and bacon doughnuts.
Interesting atmosphere.  The kitchen is basically behind the bar and they cook everything right there with maybe one or two tiny stoves, but the food is great.
My husband and I were here for dinner and had an enjoyable experience overall. Highlights: Beet salad, tuna tartare, sliders, cheese plate. The cinnamon glazed ribs and pork belly were ok, as were the bacon wrapped blue cheese with dates. Between the 2 of us we ordered 7 plates which was too much since the portions here are decent sized and reasonably priced. Definitely 5 dishes would've been sufficient and left us room for dessert. Sadly, we were too stuffed to try bacon doughtnuts. Service could've been much better. I'm not sure if our waitress was new or subbing for someone but she was unfamiliar with the menu (ie told us that the cheese plate had 4 cheeses (there's only 3), didn't know what the cheeses were, and seemed stumped when asked for recommendations). In response to my question of whether 7 plates would be too much, she answered, "Well you're already here." She also brought us a complimentary dessert after our table was cleared, and walked away without considering that we might need some utensils and napkins when eating honey-drenched apple bits.
Traif is an intensely trendy eatery capitalising on the current small plate craze that manages to deliver on a fair part of the hype it has garnered of late. The dining room is cramped, with the table where I was seated mere inches from the entrance on one side and the neighbouring table on the other.  To reach the cramped restroom requires walking through the service station, which is rather awkward.  Otherwise, Traif is clean and cozy, if a bit on the dark side; with an open kitchen set like a horseshoe into one side of the main room, bordered by a counter and chairs.  There is a patio in the back, as well. The majority of dishes are very well prepared, cleanly plated and appropriately seasoned.  The mission figs, the chicken liver pate, day boat scallops, the sweetbreads, tuna tartare, and pork belly all should be staples of any visit.  The chilled green pea and mint soup amuse bouche delivered to the table gratis was delectable.   Others, however, tend toward an awkward conflict between overly salty components sharing a plate with sadly under seasoned ones.  The mixto fritto comes to mind, with the delicately breaded oysters wanting for some salt and pepper, whilst the roasted Brussels sprouts on which they were bedded could have been used to cure meats. Another unfortunate standout was the strawberry-cinnamon baby back ribs, which demonstrated an unmitigated sweetness that was not the refresher it could have been amongst it's savoury companions. The highlight of the meal, truth be told, was our server; a young woman of inestimable joie de vivre and an eagerness to please her guests that entirely belied her diminutive stature. She was attentive, efficient, and made for a very pleasant dining experience. While perhaps on the steeper side for it's immediate environs (discounting it's sister establishment less than a block away), and perhaps even for the inconsistent use of salt, Traif is nonetheless a very tasty destination at the foot of the Williamsburg Bridge.
This place is ridiculously good. Let me start by saying I didn't eat pork up until my visit to Traif. We shared a few plates and all were outstanding.  The stand outs were the baked muenster with chorizo (by far my favorite), the strawberry cinnamon ribs (a close second) and the spicy bigeye tuna. The service was great and the decor is cool. My only tiny tiny complaint would be you definitely need a reservation or go on a Tuesday at 7 (which we did).   You should definitely make a trip to Traif and throw your food restrictions out at the door!
I recently visited Traif for the first time. I had been wanting to go for a while and was looking forward to marking it off of my bookmark list. So, the atmosphere was pleasantly dark, and the interior was well appointed with appropriate cool Brooklyn restaurant furniture, wall decorations, and what have you. The wait-staff was pleasant, and we were given plenty of patience as my friend and I continued to ignore the menu while we chatted. But, we finally found some mutually agreeable selections and ordered. Now, because I haven't been writing my reviews conscientiously, I can't recall everything we ordered, but I can recall my general experience. Everything we ordered was very tasty, but each and every dish had a consistent consistent force of, how shall I say, unsubtlety? Either very salty, very sweet, or punchy in some other way, I felt I was being yelled at by our dishes. So, yes, it was all tasty, but more "TASTY" than "tasty." I just need a little more nuance. I'll certainly go back with hopes that my next experience is a little more toned down as the elements are there, ready to wow me. 3.5 stars.
In short - this place is some of the most amazing places on the planet. Okay, okay - in NY. This a top favorite among Momofuku and Bond St. If you come with a group, I recommend doing the chef's choice.
I came in here expecting to be blown away after reading the other reviews and a recommendation from a friend. The service was fine (although it was a slower Tuesday night) - it was the food I had a problem with. I only tried 3 dishes -  It was very difficult to find plates on this menu that would compliment each other. Everything seemed to aim at fine dining by adding too many ingredients and flavors - dishes were complicated. "Just add some truffle oil!" the chef must've said to everything. For example - I ordered the roasted brussel sprouts as an effort to get something simple. The dish was overloaded with stuff - tomatoes, sprouts, grapes, cilantro - but also add crunchy puffed risotto, mint and a mystery sauce that just didn't work well together. Two of these things could have been left out. The mussels chowder was very over salted, as if the hunks of bacon wouldn't add enough salt to begin with. The thai calamari was a mistake to order. We got it as a starter. After one bite, I knew I would be still tasting it the next morning. I think this place needs to strip down what they offer and rethink their flavors. I don't know if I'd go back.
Great food, EXCELLENT service. 4.5 stars. They were really on point about serving the food right after you finished your course. The manager was meticulous in making sure the plating was presentable and my glass of water was always full. Really enjoyed the complimentary appetizer and dessert samples. The only thing I would critique would be 2 of the dishes I ordered: 1. appetizer - pork belly good but not great. pork belly cooked just right but it's a weird blend of hot pork belly and cold toppings 2. dessert - bacon doughnut couldn't really taste the bacon bits but the coffee ice cream was rich and made up for it Otherwise, great price for the quality of food and experience.
This will be my first review in three months, and with good reason. Traif, or "unkosher" in Yiddish, served some of the best dishes that I have had in months, in a trendy yet casual setting. Backtrack three months to Morgane, one of the worst French (or otherwise) restaurants to which I have been, and my ensuing hiatus from Yelp. Although I had a few decent meals between then and now, none inspired me to get back on until Traif. Its 4.5 rating truly reflects its quality. With a menu that can change from day to day, Traif offers a fresh selection of seasonal products in unique and and flavorful combinations. The plates are intended to share- similar to tapas- so it is ideal to order a few-- or more!-- depending on the size of your party. That said, reservations are recommended, especially if your party is large. In addition to their spectacular selection of dishes, Traif also offers a full bar- and delicious drinks as well!
Came here for Sunday Brunch, arrived around 11:35 (they open at 11:3o) and was the second table to be seated. People continued to come in within the next half hour, and pretty soon the place was filled up. We sat outside in the back, which is enclosed but also has heat lamps - chairs are not particularly comfortable outside, but the natural lighting makes up for it. We shared three of the top dishes I read about on yelp: 1. Chicken n Biscuits with Crispy Apples - a bit disappointing. The chicken was perfectly fried and moist inside, but lacked flavor.  It came with a nice sauce though that was quite good. Apples were indeed crispy and sweet 2. Blueberry Pancakes - wow. Thick, yet somehow still fluffy with the perfect amount of syrup on top? Corners were crisp. 3. Egg-Cheese-Pork Belly Sliders - OMG. Heaven. Heaven. Heaven. The orange juice was very delicious, and they do unlimited coffee refills. Now preferably you show up later than 11:30am so I don't have to wait in line. Thanks. And thanks J. for driving me out to Williamsburg for this delicious meal.
Came to Williamsburg to try this place based of all the wonderful reviews. It was a little disappointing because the food was average. Service was good. The foie gras was a little over cooked (tough texture). The ribs had a strawberry good sauce, but it needed to be cooked more some the meat can be more tender (fall off the bones). Highlights: bacon doughnuts and pork siders Average: foie gras, frog legs, and tuna tartar
We ate here with a group from work consisting of 12-15 people... started out with drinks from the bar, which were outstanding. The sample plates were presented in a highly appetizing fashion, and delivered in superior taste and originality. Our large group was not a deterrent for expeditious service from the wait staff; very professional, and no lag time for food or beverages. I am looking forward to an eventual franchise in the Philly area. A must for all New Yawkas...
First: MAKE RESERVATIONS. That, I did. Birthday reservations for the lover. Eating at Traif is an experience. Very "new" New York. Completely open kitchen; savory smells fill your nostrils; and though you can't tell the waitstaff from a regular patron walking to the bathroom, you have to appreciate how approachable the staff is. Everything is served tapas style but they're hefty so don't get it confused... you will NOT leave hungry under any circumstance. Considering the ample amount of reviews on Traif, I'll keep it short and simple. If there's one thing I'd recommend you order it would be the scallops. They were cooked to perfection, fresh, simple and complex. A beautiful oxymoron for sure. Traif has succeeded in creating a creative and intriguing dining experience that you shouldn't deprive yourself of so make a rez and take your lover, bestie, enemy- whomever you wish to have an amazing dinner experience with.
This is one of my favorite restaurants here in NY. Since I grew up here in the city, I've been to many good places. This is my second time at the restaurant and I'm surprised I haven't revisited more often. The food has been consistently well presented. Took my sister here for a sister date. We sat in the back outdoor seating area. The waitress we had was super sweet, welcoming and helpful. We had the Spicy shrimp, scallops, baked muenster, strawberry cinnamon baby back ribs, icy blue mussels and the bacon doughnuts. How can we forget the bacon doughnuts. I'm sure their other desserts are also phenomenal but I just couldn't be at traif and bypass the doughnuts. Shrimp was crispy and spicy, not too salty despite the name. The scallops were done perfectly, to the pt where there was just barely a shine. Super juicy and worked well with the beautifully presented green risotto. Strawberry cinnamon baby back ribs. Sounds crazy huh? It was one of the best things on their menu, in my opinion. All in all, I totally recommend this place to anyone who asks. Looking forward to another dinner date so that I can come back!
FINALLY got to come here after having traif bookmarked for so long. My boyfriend normally has the same reaction each time when I tell him i want "tapas". He's not really the biggest fan of anything food and small related. Anywho, came in pretty late and were one of two tables left, but we were waited on by a friendly server, one that didn't seem to be annoyed at how late in the night we came in. We were given small complimentary sweet potato soups that were delicious! We started with BBQ short rib sliders and the baked muenster cheese and chorizo small plates. Both were AMAZING! Decent portions for the "small plates" that they were. I ordered the lobster risotto and my boyfriend, another pasts dish that I can't remember :( and that was just that, they were unfortunately forgettable. For desert, the bacon dulce de leche donuts were to DIE for. We also received a small complimentary plate of sliced strawberries with a pomegranate molasses sauce that I wanted to lick off the plate. Too bad for manors. All in all, although we were dissapointed with our main dishes, the experience as a whole makes me give traif a solid 4 stars and I can't wait to come back.
Rainy nite, decent crowd but by no means crowded. Waited @ bar for a table  as nearly 1/2 dozen were sitting empty. Was told that due to reservations we could dine @ the bar. Upon closer examination, we saw meals being prepared at a makeshift stove just off the bar. Overall, the place didn't look clean so we bolted n never looked back!  Dine @ your own risk! Far too many great eateries in Brooklyn to compromise by eating there!  Good luck!
This is one of our favorite restaurants.   They start you off with an amuse bouche of a bacon broth.  SO tasty.  We try as many dishes as we possibly can each time we go, and we love mostly everything they offer.  The one dish that we weren't impressed with was the duck confit lettuce wraps.  Also, the strawberry-cinnamon ribs are worth trying once, but the meat isn't tender and the flavors are too contrived.  The pork belly, thai calamari, 5 spice wings, lamb/chorizo meatballs, bbq short rib sliders, seared foie gras, were all great.  As for dessert, we have tried the bacon doughnuts and the key lime pie.  The bacon doughnuts were good, the key lime pie is delicious. Service is great everytime, super friendly.  Overall, the food is awesome.  The prices are even better.
With 1000 reviews, you really don't need my input...but I've lived in South Williamsburg for years & Traif was strangely one of the few restaurants I haven't eaten at. I've even been to the sister spot Xixa... so now was the time! Traif has quite a reputation, so it was no surprise that it was packed on a weekday night. I did not expect the *noise* in this place to be so horrible. I felt like I was in a sports bar during the Superbowl. It could have just been a freak incident, but at points I could barely enjoy my food because of how rowdy the tables around us were--and I'm no stranger to loud restaurants. Our waitress seemed rushed and disinterested. When asked for suggestions on what's good we received the obligatory unhelpful "Everything!". We decided to order six plates, although perhaps it would have been better to get the tasting menu (which seemed like it would have resulted in more plates for roughly the same price per person). The biggest problem with the food was not the food itself...but the timing. Our first dish came out relatively quick, and our second dish came out while we were finishing the first. Then there was a gap where we got our third... then our fourth. And then we waited *30 minutes* for our fifth and sixth plates. Perhaps this seems picky, but at other tapas restaurants (including Xixa) I've always had the plates roll out consistently with no time in between. It felt like we were there for hours. Anyway, the plates: - Scallops in a corn risotto, I believe. Very tasty. - Salad with peaches. Was fine b/c we wanted a veggie plate, but can't really hold a candle next to the other plates. - BBQ sliders with sweet potato fries. This was my FAVORITE. Absolutely balanced sweet/savory sliders. - Spaetzle with mushrooms. Probably my second fav. dish. Very savory without being overly salted like I found some other dishes. - Fried soft shell crab w/ watermelon. Tasty and crunchy, but a little underwhelming and too salty, esp. since it was the most expensive plate on the menu. I'd pass next time. - Baked Muenster cheese. This was actually my least favorite dish (coincidentally I had a baked cheese dip at Xixa and it was my least fav. plate there). Too greasy/oily, although the portions of the dip + crostini + apple slices worked out perfectly, so props for that. Everything was a tad bit oil/salty/greasy in general. Service was inconsistent and when our waitress was back it felt more like "oh right, you guys are still here". It's busy, yes, but it's Traif, and it has a reputation, and they should staff accordingly. Definitely was not the special experience I thought it would be between questionable service/noise level/gaps of time between plates. If you're looking for something special/intimate/quiet in the neighborhood, I would try something like Bozu or Marlow or maybe Diner instead. I'd come back just to grab one plate at the bar with a drink if it were super early in the evening, but otherwise my Traif experience is said & done and I have little interest in coming back.
Taif has smaller portions compare to other restaurants, almost like tapas--great for sharing.  I ordered Skate Cheeks and Bacon Donuts, both pretty good. The menu isn't separated by appetizers, main dishes, etc., so If this is your first time here, make sure to ask your server about their menu.  The staff was very kind and attentive.
We enjoyed the food and atmosphere.
Traif, you're doing it right! I've never written a single food review but I feel compelled to share my story. We made a dinner reservation on what was supposedly its 3rd anniversary. Our food was fantastic, the scallops and the tuna tartare are an absolute must! We were already so happy with the food but by the end when we asked for the check, our waitress came by and said that because of its 3rd anniversary and also because we were so nice, DINNER WAS ON THE HOUSE!!! This is the first time it has ever happened to me!! I told myself because there are so many great restaurants in NYC, i wouldn't go to the same restaurant twice but boy, oh boy, i'll be sure to keep on coming back to Traif as they truly value its customers!
I took one bite of Chef Jason Marcus' oversized rigatoni with sausage ragu sauce and I was instantly taken back to my family's home in Italy almost 15 years ago, eating outside after a day at the beach. When I asked Jason what had inspired the dish, he said "Well actually I was in Florence..." Thats all I needed to hear. It was as if I was meant to eat that dish and have that memory. Chef Jason Marcus is a genius. So this is what anyone reading this review should do. Before Jason climbs the ranks and becomes one of the most well known Chefs in the world go see him at Traif. You'll be able to say I went to his Restaurant before he was a star.   I've been back several times now and each day there's a new menu with an amazing assortment of dishes. Traif is the type of place where you want to try everything. I can sit there for hours and actually talk about every dish. It's an experience people. Do the right thing for yourself. Go to Traif. Go see Chef Jason Marcus.
-Scallops(4) were delicious!!! Perfect crust. The corn risotto was yummmmyyy -Pork belly was okay not as tender as I thought it would be and the stock knife they gave us was just not sharp enough. Basically had to shred the pork apart to eat. Not that flavorful -Pulled beef sliders (2). So so so good. The beef falls apart when you bite into it. Will not give you stringy beef in btwn your teeth. The sweet potato fries were done right! Crunchy but gooey in the middle. -Ribs (4) Tender. Love the burnt ends bc it has so much flavor. I didn't even need to eat it with my fingers because it just falls right off the bone. It was one of the best experiences I've had in a while. A lot of well reviewed places tend to fall short but not traif! Yes, the dishes may be smaller than most restaurants but quality over quantity!
I called and was able to secure a reservation at 9 pm so that was very cool.  While it seemed everyone was enjoying themselves sitting near the bar where it also serves as an open kitchen,  I did not. We sat at a table near the bar and it was a bit stuffy bc they were cramping six small tables near the bar.  I also felt the oil linger on me when I left the place.  Didnt like that one bit. I suggest to request for a table near the back or up in front when you visit. As for the food, I agree with one other diner that it could be a hit or miss. But overall, food was pretty good so I would definitely come back. Seared scallops with lentils-tasty and scallop was well prepared 4 Fried oysters - the best fried oysters ive tasted as far as I can remember. The sauce was so good with it 5 Fried quail - very creative and it was perfect in every where. Its my first time eating quail prepared this way 5 Foie gras with eggs and bacon - good but not great. There was a missing component in this dish. Not sure what it was 3 Bbq rib sliders - very good. A little on the sweet side and not my favorite on the menu but bf loved it. Def a place to visit bc of their unique take on food.  But will come back.
Oh Yea!   Sunday Brunch at 11:30am and this place fills up quick.  It was near empty around 11:40am and almost completely full by the time we left around 1pm.  We sat outside in the back (well, actually enclosed), allowing us the view of the back yard and back of buildings.  The cool bamboo trees and other vegetation disguises your typical Brooklyn back yards of attached buildings. The brunch menu was printed a couple of minutes after sitting down.  Yes folks, a daily menu...sweet! Anyway, the food was simply amazing!  I call it a "deep-dish" blueberry pancake that was fluffy and yummy.  The chicken and biscuit was plain.  But thank goodness it came with this subtle white sauce, otherwise it would've been a waste.   Here's my favorite:  FANTASTIC, DELICIOUS, TERRIFIC "Bacon Sausage Egg Sliders with Parmesan Truffle Fries" dashed with sea salt and scallions.  I could probably just eat this for breakfast everyday.  MUST TRY! I did have 2 gripes:  a) the water in the vase for the flowers in the bathroom was brown (they need to change it) and b) some of the copper coating from the outdoor chairs were peeling off. Thanks D. for choosing this place.
We had a great time, and the food was amazing. Compliments to chef Jason and the entire crew. Our server Allison was accommodating and knowledgeable, without being overbearing.  We had the kale salad, short ribs sliders (a must), scallops, spicy tuna tartar and a few other dishes I can't really remember ( the wine glasses are at fault). Everything tasted amazing and it is unbelievable how that tiny kitchen serves the entire place. Oh, and the prices are just too good for N.Y. I live in L.A and you pay much more in most areas. We went to xixa, their sister restaurant the next night and it didn't disappoint either. I would also like to apologize to the staff and guests for me and my Gf's PDA. We are usually not like that but we haven't seen each other in a couple of months and yea, you guessed it... the wine was at fault again :)
There is absolutely no way to go wrong at this place! The food is prepared perfectly, almost everything contains bacon, and you'll be surprised at how reasonable the prices can be. Any dessert other than the bacon doughnuts probably isn't worth the money, however, every dish on the menu will exceed your expectations. Cocktails are perfect, however, they might drive up your bill pretty quickly. Absolutely order the foie gras so long as it is on the menu, and, if you can catch it, the cinnamon and strawberry-glazed ribs are perfection. You will also be served unexpected palate cleansers/starters in the beginning and possibly at the end of the meal, and I assure you, it will be incredible!
4.5 stars rounded to 5 I've been hearing such amazing things about this restaurant from all my friends and fellow yelpers that I knew I just had to go try it out. Reservations can be annoying to schedule since it is by email (heather@traifny.com), and you end up playing a bit of email tag back and forth, but we were able to snag a table for 4 at 7:30pm on a Friday night easily just two weeks before. We began the night with some delicious cocktails (the Apple Cobbler tastes exactly like Apple Cobbler!) while we perused the menu. If it's your first time at the restaurant, the list of tapas like plates can be quite daunting. We decided to put ourselves in the capable hands of the chef and go with the Chef's Tasting ($45/pp), and I'm glad we did! There were no bad eggs all night. Every dish that we had was at least a solid 4 out of 5 stars and there were some that were simply superb and knocked the ball out of the park. We especially enjoyed the hampshire pork belly, burrata cheese, bone marrow with grilled sardines, and the panna cotta. My only problem with the service was the pace of the meal. Each plate came out quickly and sometimes, several plates all at once. At one point we had so much food on our table that we couldn't even fit any more plates! I understand they don't want you to linger given how popular the place is, but -0.5 because I just don't like the feeling of constantly being rushed throughout the meal. Can't wait to check out Xixa next door! **TIP: Try to go with at least a party of 4 and get the Chef's Tasting for $45/pp. You won't be able to try as many items if it's just 2 in your party, and they will charge you a surplus for the tasting.
In a word, spectacular.  My friends took me here for my birthday last week and words cannot express how mouth wateringly (is that a word?) delicious everything was.  We went with our very patient waiter's advice and did the tasting menu, which were about  8 entrees and two desserts.  There were 3 of us and it was more than enough to satisfy us.  Everything from presentation to combination of flavors were amazing and spot on.  A  couple of dishes we had were scallops risotto, tuna tartare on tempura and short rib sliders.  There were all extremely flavorful and just flat out phenomenal - best dining experience I've had in a long time.
Every meal I've had at Traif has been a memorable one because each experience was so positively lovely and enjoyable. I've taken local friends and visitors to eat at Traif and I've always been told that it has been a unique experience because of the food! From the handful of times I've been there, here is a list straight from their menu of dishes that I continually return to order, starting with my most favorable at the top: sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portobella-truffle toast, fried egg spicy, bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, crostini roasted bone marrow, white anchovies, shiitake escabeche, garlic toast {dessert} panna cotta, passion fruit, mango, pomegranate I'm actually not too crazy about their bacon donuts as I feel they are not really that special. The ice cream and bacon served with the donuts are good on their own, but the actual donut is what I'm not very impressed with. It tastes rather plain, and I would've preferred the bacon to be baked in the dough instead of sprinkled on top. Since their menu changes about every few weeks or months (not sure), there are some additions to the menu that I had not seen before, and upon returning, some of them disappear. Recently, I had a risotto dish that turned my hatred for risotto to absolute love and devotion. I can't remember exactly what was in it, but it was freakin' good!!! In terms of reservations, definitely try to make them if you can. I've noticed that it starts to get really busy as it gets later in the evening. So if you're planning on walking in without a reservation, the earlier; the better. I would also strongly recommend coming for dinner and NOT brunch as I've heard people say mediocre things about brunch there, but dinner has always been phenomenal for me. The service is always good if not decent on a busy night, and attentive enough. It is so impressive to me that they make such amazing food with such a small kitchen.
Delicious. I don't know what else to say besides go and go hungry!
I've lived by this restaurant for a while and finally got around to trying it. The decor is a little wack and makes you think the food is going to be 'just okay.' But the food is great. A little on the heavy side but rich and bold flavors. Wait staff is friendly and attentive. Worth trying if you're in the neighborhood.
I came here on my birthday for dinner and really enjoyed my experience. The place itself is not as spacious as I imagined it. While I enjoyed the food, I think the place is a little overrated. Their cuisine is "New American" which I've become a big fan of. The menu is a bit overwhelming with its essay-type format on one sheet of paper. Also, keep in mind everything is tapas style and can be shared. My boyfriend's favorite dish was the Venison. I enjoyed it as well. The Pomegranate Ribs with cinnamon-strawberry glaze was another favorite for us. My least favorite dish was the Baked Muenster cheese. It was overly salty. The pork belly was yummy. The drinks were on point. I had the Cabin Fever which was very strong! For dessert we tried the bacon donuts that came with coffee ice cream. It was interesting... I will probably return here at some point. The cuisine was very creative but I wish their menu was organized better. I enjoyed my experience here although I was not blown away. Perhaps bc I had such high expectations. However, I would totally recommend this place to anyone..
The food was good, we liked... 1. Spicy tuna tartare on eggplant tempura - this had great flavor and the crispy texture from the eggplant was great 2. Seared foie gras with a fried egg - DIVINE 3. Gnocchi w sausage - this was the perfect texture, like clouds 4. Bacon doughnuts - crispy, lightly sweetened and a little salt from the bacon, delish 5. Braised pork belly - the fat melted in your mouth 6. Scallops - cooked perfectly 7. Crab and biscuit - comfort food We weren't so fond of... 1. Duck confit - the flavors were all just meshed together 2. Sweetbreads - we realized we were fans of esophagus and pancreas' 3. Short rib sliders - way too sweet 4. Burrata and figs - nothing special Our server was great, she was witty and fun. I have to say that though we liked the food and our server... the place was really HOT,  like sweating HOT! They didn't turn on the AC, and since it's a small open kitchen it gets really warm. We were seated in the back of the restaurant where the ceiling and wall are windows (think greenhouse), it was all enclosed so nothing could get in... and thank god because there was an "unpleasant critter" munching on some plants or berries right above us! I'm so glad it left or I would have stared at it throughout my whole meal...
Omg! Where do I even start?? Okay so, Location: Very close to the subway! I won't suggest driving here because of parking. Small restaurant in the middle of the block. Very noticeable by the pig sign hanging out it. Service: Called in around 1:30 in the afternoon to get a reservation for that evening. Got a reservation right away for 6:30! It was extremely easy, came here and got seated right away too! However, one small complain would be the limited space and the host sat my boyfriend and I next to this loud group of people, they wouldn't even let us move a table down! The place was empty at the time! Food: I love everything we ordered! Got the ribs, scallop, chicken liver and goose liver !!! It was yummy! We ordered four plates However, my boyfriend was still hungry afterward! So, maybe next time we would have order five plates! Everything is like an appetizer style, meant to share among the table, which I really love! Drink: honestly, didn't impress me, can't remember what I got, however, it was really really strong !! Hahahha For sure coming back!!!
Took the moms here while she was visiting the east coast, and even she loved this place (and she's a stereotypical asian mom that really considers the value she's getting in every meal).  While the strongest dishes seemed to be the non-meat smaller dishes, like the seasonal salads, we were pretty satisfied with everything.  The foie gras was one of the best I've ever had.
Walk, Run, Fly whatever you have to do but get your ass to Traif for an unbelievable part for your mouth! The place is small and sorta hip in decoration. The food and drinks are out of this world. "Traif" is a Yiddish word for not kosher. Is sort of the joke as Pork and Shellfish are prevalent on the menu. However we had a vegetarian in our party who was just as amazed. The dishes are small and are meant to be shared. A few of my favorites were the the Strawberry Cinnamon glazed Pork Ribs, Short Rib Sliders, Pork with Feta and Anchovies, Oh my Gosh! I might need to go back right now. The drink were really special too we had Bacon Margaritas, and Chili infused Vodka Mohito. The menu changes Daily I believe, so just go give your tongue a party and thanks me later.
This place is awesome!! It's small, but worth it. Make sure to call to make reservations ahead of time and get the tasting menu!! It is so worth it, only $45 for 10 course.. but really it was more like of a 12 course. Must be 3 parties or more to order the tasting menu. - French onion soup - silky smooth and delicious - Hmachi - fresh and tasty - Scallops - cooked very well and puree worked well - Burrata - ordinary but good - Anchovy on top of Bone Marrow - This is one of the best dishes! - Sauteed sweet bread with mushrooms - This was decent - Spicy shrimp - Very good spicy shrimp with tofu and pineapple - Mussels - The sweet bread that came with it was really good along with the soup - Foie gras with potatoes and fried egg - Love foie gras and fried egg - Jumbo Shrimp Toast - Very garlicy! But I loved it - Panna Cotta - very good, and light - Fried Bacon Donuts - Very good, so was the coffee ice cream
Have only eaten here once so far, but definitely a good experience.  I can hardly remember all of the food we ordered (9 dishes for 3 people) but I would say, everything was really great.  Our waiter was super nice and on point, (wish I remember his name, tall guy with dark hair and glasses).  A plus for food and service. Only issue is that you should definitely bring a lot of money if you plan on getting full.  Plates are small and expensive.  They have the clout and product to get away with it though.  Guess I'm just sad I can't eat here more often.
Definitely a great restaurant, but didn't quite meet the lofty expectations I had based on Yelp fanfare. The highlight of our meal was the octopus pasta which was outstanding.  The octopus was cooked to perfection and was tender without taking on the rubbery texture often seen when overcooked.  The most disappointing dish was the soft shell crab.  There was nothing inspiring about the dish.  It was deep fried and quite bland.  The bacon doughnuts were good, but not as spectacular as other reviews would lead you to believe.  Otherwise, the other dishes were all pretty good, but did not blow me away.  Service and ambiance were excellent.  The food gets a 4, the service and setting a 5.
Super cute, super delicious food. I loved that we ordered everything at once - it's tapas style - and then the kitchen brought out food in the order they saw fit, one plate after another. Everything was amazing - especially the strawberry cinnamon ribs (!!!). My only complaint is that the prices were deceiving, since they basically tell you to order six plates, plus drinks...would be better split between three people than two, but then again, I'm a college student on a budget.
Love love this place. Really weird combinations of food but all so so delicious. Make a reservation or get there when they open (literally...at 6:01) because it get's packed fast. I've gone maybe 4 times in the last 2 months. Calamari is UH-Mazing or the Strawberry-Cinnamon Glazed baby back ribs. mhmmmm and the bacon donuts for dessert is an absolute MUST HAVE!! I gave 4 stars because the bar can get slow sometimes when it's crowded.
Don't you just love it when you go through all your pictures and you see more food than people? I do. Makes me salivate and hungry but I do. Is there anything Traif spews out that I won't like? I mean roasted bell pepper and carrot soup to start. I do not like bell pepper. Anything with bell pepper I immediately dismiss. I think the taste is just too overpowering. But I seriously didn't mind a shot of this soup. It was damn good. Certainly got me excited for my meal. Tuna tartare. Served on a fried battered eggplant. Again? I do not like eggplant either. Makes my throat itch. But I seriously didn't mind it with the tartare. It actually enhanced the tuna and I cannot eat it without the eggplant. Hampshire Pork Belly was melt in your mouth not in your hands goodness. Fatty? Yes. Just as I expect it to be. Soooooo good. Escargot with sausage and mushroom served with toast to soak up that sauce. 4 pieces of snail in the stew. The sausages and mushroom added to it oomph to it. Short rib sliders with sweet potato fries and smoked paprika aioli. Honestly, that aioli was good but the sliders and the sweet potato fries can stand on its own. Mad good. Scallops with lentil and pistachio. Really couldn't care for the lentils but the pistachio with the scallops worked well. For dessert of course we had the bacon doughnuts with dulce de leche. The bacon bits added crunch to the soft sweet doughnuts. And it's saltiness complemented the ice cream with the doughnuts. Love it! If you ask me what my least favorite is, it would be the escargot and that's only because I had to choose. Traif is a must for everyone.
I can add nothing, except another 5 stars.
A good meal can be ruined by bad service.  That's exactly what happened to me here.  The food here and concepts are all well executed.  Some of the dishes I had (corn cakes, sliders) were great, and the others all very solid - but the service here brought it all down. I'm not the first one to mention these things.  If you read down to other reviews, you'll see the same. We got there, and the hostess ignored our existence for a good few minutes, despite the fact that we were standing just a few feet away.  When we were finally seated, it wasn't even clear as to who our server was. The whole night ended up switching off between two. We got our first two dishes promptly, and one came after another.  So far so good.  Then, for whatever reason, it took a good 30 minutes for the last two to come out, despite the fact that we'd seen the table next to us get two straight dishes and then dessert.   During this time, the waitress would be within a few feet of us (our table was pretty centrally located), and very blatantly avoided making eye contact with us each time.  Never once did she come by to ask us how we were doing.  As per our request before ordering, she was also supposed to ask us if we wanted a 5th plate, and never once did she do this.   Then, dessert inexplicably took another 30 minutes to get to our table (bacon donuts - nothing memorable, more novelty than anything else, I would go for one of the others if you go here) .  I also saw every other table in the restaurant get some free gazpacho shots that we never got. I get better table service at buffets.  The chef here has come up with a great concept with great potential.  We enjoyed the food, but the bush league service will sadly keep me from coming back here.
This place is too trendy for it's own good.  There are some great things about this place and some not-so-great.... Booking/Reservations:  This place overbooks.  Let's get that out of the way first.  We had a reservation for 7:00pm and were made to wait outside in the cold on a 20 degree day until almost an hour later (7:45).  "I'm sorry, normally we'd suggest that you wait at the bar but there is no room."    We weren't the only people forced to wait outside, there were three other groups who had all been standing outside in the cold for at least half an hour.  We we repeatedly told that our table was "ready, and just being cleaned."  Apparently 9 square feet of cheap wood needs to be rubbed down and sanitized for the majority of an hour. Most other decent places that I've been to will at least throw in a complimentary drink or dessert after making you shiver in the cold as you stare in through the window for an hour, WITH A RESERVATION. BUT WAIT, it gets worse.... The service was very slow, and the moment we finished our meal our waitress approached the table and told us that "we've booked this table for another party and we need you to leave, don't rush or anything, but you have about ten minutes, but thank you for coming."   We didn't even have a chance to ask for the check, as we were still eating dessert it was thrown onto the table by our waitress. Waitstaff:  Aside from being flaky, rude, forgetting orders multiple times, and forgetting multiple drinks, they weren't that bad, and were always smiling.   Food: Finally I can say something positive.  The food WAS delicious.  I initially cringed at the idea of bacon-doughnuts but they were actually amazing. The venison tartare was so tasty that it was worth the explosive diarrhea that i had for the next 24 hours.   My party said that the razor clams were delicious too.  The Jamon Iberico was rather disappointing but the pork-cheeks were so tender that I found myself being very greedy and eating more quickly so that I could out-eat my friends.   Decor:  Nothing special.  The bar has a painted ceiling which is interesting but all of the tables are tiny , as are the seats, so that they can try to cram as many customers in at once as possible.   Price:  Over-priced isn't a strong enough term.  Before drinks we all spent about 50/each and everyone in the party left hungry.  You are probably looking at 80 per person with drinks and tips factored in.  It is recommended (by your waiter) that due to the tiny-plate size everyone orders at least three small dishes (the only kind they have).  These dishes range in price from 10-27 dollars each.  They are all the same size. I have a small stomach and can usually not even finish half of whatever entree I order at most restaurants.  I ate an easy 50 dollars worth of food at Traif, then had dessert, two drinks, three cups of water, and still wanted more food as I was leaving.   Verdict:  Delicious food, but insanely small portions for the price, and the waiters don't care about your convenience or honoring the times of their reservations, then when you are done will shoo you out the door to drain the wallets of the next round of suckers.   If we just dropped an easy three hundred dollars on dinner and you spent forever to get our food ready, don't tell us to leave as soon as we finish our meal.   I would not go back.
i've rode by this place a 1000 times, and finally paid a visit.  Very cute interior, and friendly staff.  The food was delicious; blue cheese filled bacon wrapped dates - yum, the short rib sliders were outsatnding (order an extra one), and the bacon donuts were amazing!  My only complaint were some long wait time for some of the dishes, but i'm chalking it up to Saturday night rush but well worth the wait.
Great service, great atmosphere. Whole staff was very friendly. I liked how you could see your food being made, shows they have nothing to hide. It can be as formal or as casual as you make it, could go in a suit or a hoodie and both work fine. The spaetzle was delicious as were the rib sliders. I probably wouldn't get the quail again but the biscuits it came with were good. Had the bacon doughnuts for dessert which were baked fresh then. Will definitely be going back and will be trying the tuna tartare and the lamb. It is kind of small/medium plates to share though just an fyi.
I came here for my birthday dinner and let me say IT WAS DELICIOUS. Funny story, we told the waiter multiple times it was my birthday, and unfortunately no free dessert :(, and when the dessert came out there were two plates... the pie and a single candle melted onto the plate. It was pretty hilarious! It's tapas style/small plates and the waiter did a great job of recommending dishes and helping us navigate the menu. They bring you what looks like a shot of bacon broth as an appetizer of sorts and DAMN was it tasty! (And SO decadent. A good foreshadowing for the meal ahead of us.) This is a good place for 2-4 people, maybe even 6...? I wouldn't come here with a large party, just because it's probably next to impossible to get seating. I feel like 4 would be the PERFECT number. We were the first ones in the restaruant (as we were trying to make a show), but the place filled up fast! If it gets as crowded as it does at 6pm, then I'm sure there's a bit of a wait later on at night. Although you're eating small dishes, you end up leaving stuffed. DO NOT underestimate how full you'll be. I recommend ordering a couple of dishes here and there and holding off until after you've gone through them. You can always order more dishes!  My favorite dish was the Fried Green Tomatos, mmmm my mouth is watering just thinking about it! My southern roots looooooved it.  My stomach is rumbling as I write this review. I cannot wait until I come back!
Dining in Williamsburg can be a struggle. Food is usually delicious but service is often scattered and prententious. Listen to all the hype about Traif. Not only was everything I ate there divine, but the service and knowledge of the staff is beyond awesome. My server gave great suggestions and I really like the order and pacing of the plates. I really can't stand crappy service and this dude was the role model for being an awesome waiter. If you're reading this, I'm sorry I didn't catch your name! Every ten minutes my date would repeat "I'm coming back here." I don't need to describe the food because words would only downplay the greatness that is Traif. What I devoured: melted meunster cheese with sausage, apples, and crostini duck confit with lettuce wraps, cucumber salad, and banana tamarind sauce pork cassolet sliders with sweet potato fries bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream and dulce de leche key lime pie Do yourself a favor and eat here. Now.
The combinations on the menu are creative and impressive. We had the broccoli rabe, strawberry cinnamon ribs, seared foie gras, and a cheese dish (buffalo mozarella I believe). Let me start off by saying the ribs are fantastic. If we'd stopped there this place would have 4-5 stars. The remaining dishes, particularly the rabe and the foie gras, were absolutely drenched in grease/oil/butter. It was one of the heaviest meals I've had in a while (impressive for a Tapas-style restaurant). Also, our waiter suggested my wife and I share 6 items which was an absurd suggestion. We had 4 and walked out of there feeling like we ate a stick of butter each. If you're in the neighborhood I'd go to their sister restaurant next door which has an equally impressive Mexican-themed menu that isn't as dependent on fat for flavor.
First off, I just wanted to say if you don't read any further, what you should take away is that Traif's bacon doughnuts are phenomenal. Wow. Definitely one of my new top favorite desserts!* After getting somewhat lost, and walking in the opposite direction, I finally ended up in front of Traif (of course the one time I didn't check for online directions would be the one time I walk the wrong way). My party and I made reservations for dinner at 6PM and I am glad that we did. We were promptly greeted and seated. I would say that we were the third table to be seated for dinner service. Just a heads up, around 7PM is when it started to get real crowded - with people waiting for tables. So I would suggest you either try to make a reservation or get there shortly after they open. Someone commented below that the air condition in the restaurant isn't too strong, which I can agree with. When we were first seated it was pretty cool in the restaurant, but after it started to fill up, it began to get rather warm quickly. Now, on to the food! The menu is arranged so that the the items on the top are cheaper and smaller, the dishes toward the bottom are more expensive, but larger. It's also printed on a daily basis, so the dishes are subject to change. To start we were given complementary watermelon gazpacho, served in shot glasses, to cleanse our pallets. It was sweet, yet twangy at the same time, overall nice and refreshing. After looking at the menu, we decided to order 5 dishes. 1. Shrimp with Watermelon, Pineapple, Cucumber - This was a great way to start the meal. The watermelon, pineapple, and cucumber were all seasoned and savory. They perfectly complemented the shrimp. This was probably one of my favorite dishes. 2. Soft Shell Crab - I am not usually a big fan of soft shelled crab, but this dish is one of the one's to get at Traif. The crab was fresh was slightly deep fried to give it that crispy texture. It was placed on top of a tomato slice with guacamole and there were marinated cucumbers and asparagus on the side. This dish was a little bit on the pricey side ($19), but it was pretty tasty. 3. Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Ribs - These ribs were wonderful. The meat literary fell off the bone! It was succulent, not overcooked, and perfectly seasoned. The strawberry slices added a nice touch of color to the dish. 4. BBQ Braised Short Rib Sliders with Sweet Potato Fires - This reminded me of a pulled pork sandwich. The meat was tender and juicy, but I don't think it was worth the approximate $3 per slider. The sweet potato fries and dipping sauce were excellent though. They were fried to perfection. 5. Duck Leg Confit - I thought that the duck was cooked well and appetizing, served with a side of peaches that were complementary to the dish. 6. Bacon Doughnuts with Coffee Ice Cream* - After practically devouring the first plate, I was SO incredibly tempted to order another one for myself! The dish came with four doughnut holes topped with bits of bacon and a side of coffee ice cream. You could tell that the doughnuts were warm and fresh and the ice cream was refreshingly cold. If you're in the area, I would say that it's worth stopping by just to grab dessert. To close up the meal we were given complementary watermelon cubes with mint and lime zest. I thought it was wonderful how we started our meal with the watermelon gazpacho and ended it with the watermelon cubes! Overall I felt that the food and service were both great. I would definitely go back again!
My wife and I came here to celebrate my birthday, and we had an excellent meal.  The waitress was helpful in helping us decide what to order.  I had couple of glasses of Red Pearl which was delicious. I didn't like the drink Rude Little Pig so much, but the waitress was gracious enough to replace it with another Red Pearl.   Apparently ordering 6-7 dishes is standard for a group of two, and we ordered 7 small dishes. I am now thinking maybe we should have ordered just 6, since we were quite full at the end of the meal.   Pluots with bacon and blue cheese was amazing, as was the pork belly.  The scallops were seared to perfection, and I plan to go back again next time there is an occasion to celebrate.  We've been here a couple of times and Traif has been consistently 5 stars.
very good service and an experimental menu - frankly some of the dishes were much better than others but the overall experience and quality of food is worth the trip out to Williamsburg
Came here for dinner last night and was pleasantly surprised. The food here exceeded my expectations by far. Our table ordered the tasting menu ($40pp) which was more than enough to satisfy any appetite. Every dish that came out was delicious! Here are the items I can remember from our dinner: amuse bouche: cold asparagus soup seared scallops, pistachios risotto crispy pork belly, , grapefruit, parsley-garlic strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs spicy, bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant veal sweetbreads, roast mushrooms asparagus with burrata cockles (clams) in soupy broth pesto shrimp pasta bacon doughnuts, coffee ice cream panna cotta chocolate mouse This is probably my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn. The dishes are really unique in flavor and style. This place is identifies itself by mixing unusual combinations like strawberries, cinnamon, and ribs and makes them work wonderfully together! Even though we had the tasting and tried most of their signature dishes, there were so many other items on the menu that I wanted to try. Their menu also changes seasonally so there is always something new to try. The place gets crowded after 8PM be sure to make reservations if you dot want to wait. This is one of the best gourmet meals I've had anywhere for under $50 and I can't wait to go back!
Traif means serious business. This place is one of my favorite I have been to. I have been to Traif five times with my boyfriend and I leave full and happy every time. The first time I came here we ordered different platters such as the frog legs, soft shell crab, muenster cheese dip, strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs, sliders and finally the bacon donuts. I was impressed with everything the first time especially the muenster cheese and the ribs. The next four times that we came I made sure to order the ribs and muenster cheese again. They are by far my favorite thing on the menu. I used to hate BBQ ribs but when I tried the strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs from Traif I could not get enough. I could eat two orders on my own. The service at Traif is great as well everytime we came, except for the last. We came with a group of 12 people about two weeks ago and they told us they can seat 8 people at one table and 4 people at another table, but they tried to get us to do the chefs tasting menu. We wanted to sit at the table of 4 with two of our friends and have a separate check because we wanted to order what we like.  When we asked our waiter to do a separate check for the four of us instead of combined with the other 8 people that came with us. The waiter had a bit of an attitude because we wanted our own check. It did not make much sense for us to pay the tasting menu when there is only four of us. The waiter then went to the manager and told her what we wanted and she was not too pleased, In fact she said a rude remark loud enough behind us so that we could hear her. Other than that night, our service was always great. I was a little surprised about how the acted towards us, but that won't stop me from coming back to Traif and eating again. I most definitely recommend everyone try this place. The food is out of this world!!
I definitely recommend the roasted brussels sprouts and the bellflower pasta :) The portions are tapas, but they're surprisingly large... The servers are really nice and helpful too.
It was OK. I've been to both Traif and Xixa, Traif's sister restaurant, and personally think that Xixa is MUCH BETTER. 3.8/5.0, I'd say. We ordered: Salt and Pepper Shrimp - too salty, though it was yummy paired with the sweet potato cubes Tuna TarTar on Fried Eggplant- bland, nothing special Bbq Ribs Slider- probably the best of all the dishes we've tried. Very delicate flavor and was not overpowering. BUT it only comes with 2 tiny sliders, so each additional slider will cost you $5. Strawberry Ribs- good and different, worth a try Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with toast & fried egg: the thought of it was interesting, but the broccoli rabe was overcooked, which is not how I like the dish. Without the egg, the toast would have been very very bland. Dayboat Scallops with Squash Risotto- Good. Though pieces of the rice in the risotto was still very hard... which is not how Risotto should be like! Lamb Tenderloin- the hummus it came with did not pair well with the dish, making the taste very weird... would not recommend Buffalo Styled Frog Legs- not worth it.. the buffalo sauce overpowered the sweetness frog legs are supposed to have. Maybe they should have diced the celery and placed it on top of each leg instead of randomly throwing 2 thin slices  in there. Bacon Doughnuts- don't know what's the big hype about these.. they're not original and the taste is not over the edge. Many other stores have fried doughnuts with the exact taste as this dish, minus the tiny bits of bacon Panna Cotta- such a depressing dish. Panna cotta is my favorite dessert and Traif did not meet my standards in this dish.. it wasn't as light as it should be and was not aromatic. Depressing.
This is very interesting place food wise, decor in itself is very basic but the food makes up for it.Loved the sweetbreads and the spicy shrimp. Sliders were good too but the best thing was that yummy sweat potato fries with the best aioli I ever had in my life. The only miss for me was the egg on the toast , could not really taste the truffles and the bitterness from broccoli rabe was bit too much. Dessert with the banana and peanut butter ice cream was  good too. Overall great experience with great prices.
The food here was 5 stars, but the service was a little ehhh which is why I am giving it 4 stars. I came here for brunch a couple weeks ago with a friend. They recommend sharing and approx ~2-3 plates/person.  I didn't find the dishes to be particularly small, but we went with their suggestion.   Unfortunately, they are closed for Brunch in June, but I still wanted to write a review about the food for when they open! We ordered the following: - Pineapple - this was a delicious combination of flavors!  The pineapple was drizzled with pomegranate molasses and lime shavings. - Muenster cheese - my friend got this dish.  It was a little bowl of cheese served with apple slices, and crostinis.  I'm lactose intolerant and stayed away from the cheese, but he seemed to enjoy it! - Bellflower pasta - I don't normally eat meat, but this dish was great!  Good blend of flavors - the peppers, meat, and tomato sauce.   - I ordered a side of sweet potato fries (my favorite!).  The smoked paprika aoili served with the fries was SOO yum!   - Key Lime Pie - one of my favorite desserts!  I can't even begin to describe how good this dish was.  It doesn't always show up on the menu, but you should ask your waiter because it's a MUST try! Cons: - My friend tried to order a side of maple syrup with his food, but the waiter was never able to bring it to the table.  He seemed to have forgotten a couple times, and at the end apologized.   - Our water glasses were empty a majority of the time... Overall, I would DEFINITELY recommend this place for the food -- esp if you're willing to make the trek out to Brooklyn (sorry, spoken like a student in Manhattan).
-
We went here on a Monday night. Apparently the menu is different on Mondays: they have a more extensive cocktail list and an abbreviated menu (all tapas-style rather than full meals). I had the Rootbeer, a tobacco-infused rum drink that she warned me would taste intense. It was like sucking on pipe tobacco. Oh well. Kamikaze and Rosemary's Bayby were the tastiest. Ordered six dishes to start. Each was two-three bites, very flavorful with good ingredients. Overall, 4 stars for the food: Delicious: Mushroom tempura was outstanding, fennel salad, wrapped shrimp. mussels were great, though they came with ONE small piece of toast cut in half to eat 13 mussels and a bowl of sauce. We asked for more toast and they said "it's made to order so will take a few minutes". Is there a toast famine? Come on. Not delicious: Japanese fried chicken (really? yes), lobster poutine. Frozen bag french fries, less than a handful, and some red sauce and cheese dumped on top. The most disappointing dish, and why did it arrive a good half hour after everything else? Service was fine but slow. Drinks are good. Ambiance is standard. Ingredients, I'm torn. They may be following the trend of choosing obscure ingredients in place of good preparation. The table next to us (three girls) summed it up well, "I'll just grab some pizza after." Would try again on a different night. 3.5 stars.
I really wanted to like this place. I really did. This was my third visit. Make sure you get a reservation because the walk-ins during weekends are 60 to 90 minute waits. This restaurant does a lot of things right. Management of reservations and waits is effective, polite and even friendly.  The service was excellent. The menu is playful, interesting and smart. I like most things about this place. The food however is underwhelming for me. It's just ok. Friends and I have plunked down a lot of money here and I'm always left feeling unimpressed. Everyone else seems to love it here though. The chef's wife runs Xixa next door which I may try next.
Don't even know where to begin.. I heard so much great things about Traif and I have bookmarked this place for a long time.. Since my best friend is coming for training in NYC.. Traif just came into my mind and I decided to call them and see whether I can get a reservation.. They mixed up my reservation.. I requested for Saturday 6.30 but they gave me Friday instead.. which I was glad that they called earlier and change my reservation back to Saturday but 6pm instead.. We were late for our reservation because you know how lovely the MTA service is during weekends!! oh well.. I am gad we did not hit the "rush hour" at Traif.. There were still lots of tables empty but as soon as it hits 7pm.. The restaurant is full.. So they recommended 2-4 dish per person.. but as for girls.. we decided to order 4 dishes total + BACON DONUT!!! So here is what we ordered: - tuna tartare (5/5).. I see plates and plates coming out and I guess it's also being served in one of the items in the chef's menu.. this is our favorite dish.. The tuna tartare was coat with some spicy and sweet sauce on top of a fried egg plant.. My friend was joking about asking it for a "REFILL".. - baked clams (4.5/5).. with some edamame and corns.. The baked clams were really good just not as yummy as the tuna tartare.. The clams was baked till the perfect texture and I think it was baked with some honey sauce? I don't know.. but it was still awesome to enjoy.. - strawberry glazed baby pork ribs (4/5).. Mmm.. sounds amazing already.. yeah.. it tasted like honey bbq to me.. I still personally prefer pork ribs from some other places but the strawberry glazed was slightly unique.. sweet and just the perfect texture to enjoy it.. and it wasn't as sweet as you thought.. - butter fish (3/5).. this was our least favorite because a part of the fish was not as "smooth"/"tender".. or whatever the word is.. you get me.. I thought butter fish was supposed to be really easy to eat and swallow but the butter fish here was just not I expected.. but it was still good enough not to complain.. It feels like "medium rare" texture to me.. Can we enjoy butter fish that's not cooked? hmm.. I am not surel.. I thought only red meat that are allowed to eat it raw.. oh.. White tuna can be eaten raw too.. Finally.. we cannot leave without trying the BACON DONUT.. so my friend told me how disgusting it will be.. like bacon chocolate.. she hasn't try it and dare not try it.. I YELLED in the restaurant and said that bacon chocolate is the best thing on earth.. so since she said she trusted me.. she decided to give bacon donut a try!! So she gave me a look.. and she was like "SO DELICIOUS"... and yes.. I successfully convince her to try it.. and she wants MORE!! The bacon donut was unlike other donuts.. it was some dough coat with some sweet sauce and top with some crispy bacon.. the bacon gave the sweetness a KICK.. and yes.. that's the famous BACON DONUT.. don't just read my review.. GO TRY IT!! you won't regret.. If you count calories just forget about counting it.. I SAID IT's WORTH IT!! Other than that.. before dinner was served.. we were both given a complimentary asparagus soup.. it was cold and unique.. I like it.. it was served in a shot glass.. Not a great place to date as it can be really noisy.. but if you girl is a foodie.. You can impress her at TRAIF! She will like it!! :) * anyone wants to go to TRAIF again?? I wanna try the chef's menu.. which is only 40 dollars per person.. * Menu changes everyday.. (almost)
I'm amazed at the amount of high quality food that comes out of the tiny kitchen that's in view for all diners to see.  I knew there were great reviews for this place, but our experience here definitely exceeded my expectations. I booked this place for my hubby's birthday dinner on a recommendation from a friend since we had a big group and wanted to stay in Brooklyn.  When you have a large group, it's mandatory to accept the chef's tasting menu.  I usually don't mind getting the chef's tasting menu because it's supposed to be the best of the best when you go to a good restaurant.  We were especially happy to agree to it since it was only $40!  I had to ask the lady on the phone twice because I thought I was hearing her wrong.  This included 11 dishes total I believe and 2 of them are dessert.   Highlights: Bigeye Tuna on top of tempura eggplant. Short rib sliders with sweet potato fries. Seared scallops. Moulard Duck Confit. Soft Shell Crab. Panna Cotta with berries. Bacon Doughnuts. All the other dishes we had were also excellent.  In addition, I was very pleased with the service (email/telephone correspondence with Kristen: she was very nice and responsive to all my questions and requests).   It's always a good sign when you leave a restaurant and you're already talking about what you'll order the next time you go back.
It is a New Year's day after all and there are things that people want to forget and move on, or a day when your New Year's resolution kicks in. However, there is one thing I don't want to forget nor move on from 2010, Traif... I will carry you onto the New Year and years to come. I have been to Traif several times - Yelp Event and a couple of dinners. Every time this place surprised me like presents. Of course the first time, those infamous(?) bacon donuts were a new 2010 invention to everybody. That puffy things coated with bacon and caramel grazes. I had 5. Sorry yelpers. Second dinner, we over ordered. Three people three orders each since we underestimated the chef's generosity on the portions because the prices on the menu were deceivingly cheap. Most of dishes are $8-9 but the size is 3/4 of usual or expected entrees ($12-14). Top of that, all are rich. There are complimentary dishes too like bacon soup.. Yes, you heard me, bacon soup. Yet, the most amazing facts are the quality of the food and the presentations. Unmistakably recognizable manner of sophisticated chef. I think he is talented. He cooks all kinds of cuisines but he understands the basics of cuisines and the tastes, he regenerates them in his own interpretation rather than imitation or following the exact recipes. That being said, his understanding in Asian cuisine is quite right on and respectful. For example, some ingredients aren't exact but substituted. The end results, same tastes but brilliant with twisted contents. On our third dinner, we had a Chinese christmas menu, other than the ginger scallion fish, most was right on. I expected more oyster sauce and heavier scallions with soften fish by the heated oil cooking but it was more fresh grilled trout version. Though, the shredded pork and dumpling soup was amazing in its broth. He used cranberries instead of traditional dates, but it worked. :O My favorite dish of all at Traif is seared foie - heaven on earth - not just the softest texture, the taste was so candishly teasing and earthy. I kept eating and eating saying Jesus. The broccoli pasta - heaven on Brooklyn. This fat homemade pasta shook our taste palate. I had good pastas before but this one topped all - buttery literally in every possible way. However, Korean fried chicken liver with kimchi was too adventurous. It wasn't really korean since I don't have this dish in anywhere. It rather reminded me of liver sashimi which I dare to eat usually. Food is one thing, but Traif is furnished with attractive and casual ambience. I even love the pig logo and wondered, why don't they start leather products like a messenger bag stamped this logo on? I would buy and totally carry like TOD's bag. Wait staffs are real-ly cute and serve superbly. The hostess manages the place really well and flowy so that even long line of waiting seems easily forgiving. Reservation is not must but you will wait if not. But bar scene is quite comfortable and enjoyable if wait... FYI. Traif is one of the things why I love Brooklyn b/c it is so Brooklyn. The chef's personality, love of pork, and his adventurous and daunting approach in cooking are granted and supported by Brooklyneers and the like minds. Because of that, I am not sure if Traif would work well in Manhattan. Adding fancy flair might not embrace his 'I will use every parts to full' modesty and 'I cook my way' philosophy. And the prices and portion generosity, I don't want it to change. It is part of its character. Iron chef show is on the flat screen TV most of the time. That's his inspiration so to speak, and Chef, you are more than welcome. Just feed me more bacon.
Pros: Excellent food, great service, convivial atmosphere Cons: Reservation is pretty much necessary at this point (but that's really another pro!) Best restaurant in Williamsburg? Perhaps. My girlfriend and I showed up without a reservation around 8pm on a Friday night. The hostess was great to work with and gave us a choice between sitting a quick 1hr meal at a table or sitting at the bar with unlimited time. Of course, we chose the bar. I believe my first drink of the night was Jameson on the rocks while my girlfriend ordered a delicious Rude Little Pig with a piece of porky goodness on the bottom and bacon dusting the rim. I started with the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs. They are the best ribs I've ever had, even better than my dad's! Meat falling off the bone with just the right kick of cinnammon. My girlfriend's glazed-confit chicken wings were also delicious. Next, I had the spicy tuna tempura. It promptly melted in my mouth. My girlfriend, a cheese aficionado, loved the baked muenster cheese with smoked chorizo, golden apples and crostini. We finished the meal by sharing the vanilla panna cotta dessert. Needless, to say we were at a loss for words and happily sloshed on rude little pigs. Add to that a TV showing the Twilight Zone and a packed house of happy people and you have yourself a tremendous restaurant. Go make a reservation now!
Definitely a go-to when we come to visit family in Brooklyn. While Traif showcases a variety of delicious new American food, I argue that they specialize in all things pork,  from the apps to the bacon donut dessert. Traif will remain on my top ten list of Brooklyn restaurants until I can find another pork replacement!
Great atmosphere. Very brooklyn vibe... Food was excellent. Service very good
This is that kind of place. The kind I've been missing in New York since moving here from San Francisco. The kind with the menu printed on a sheet of paper with date on it. The kind where you feel so happy you can order several small plates to share, and that way you get to try more of their creativity. Most incredibly of all, the kind where prices are decidedly un-New-York. We had three dishes: bigeye tuna on tempura eggplant (five-star item, hands down), fricasse of escargot (five stars as well), and pork belly croquette on Israeli cous-cous, which despite being a specialty, we both thought was mediocre - a three. In the nicest of touches, Taif also brings small watermelon gazpacho cups for starters, and pineapple with sauce at the end. Our only complaint - and it's a big one - is that gazpacho can't be ordered as a menu item. I almost considered rating Taif with one star instead of five, because we loved it so much, we were ready to steal the plastic tub of it from the bar counter and chug it all straight up.
i waddled out of traif. oy vey i did waddle, because i ate so much tasty, and rich food. here's what i really like about traif: the grape arbor the puckish server the owner-chef who is having a fantastic time creating the tastiest of dishes! when each little dish is created with such earnest enthusiasm, and so much emotion, this of course translates into good food. my favorites are still the sweetbreads. the sliders were excellent. if i were to quibble, i think a firmer bun would be in order. perhaps an arepa? my favorite desserts were the budin and the bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream. my drinks were also fabulous.  the lapsang souchong infused booze smokiness, combined with the cointreau was perfect and i loved the added touch of the myer's lemon slice. the vietnamese coffee was refreshing. best of all, mr. sin suerte enjoyed his father's day meal immensely!
This place is so overrated. While some items were somewhat interesting and good (tuna tartare in tempura eggplant), others were not even mediocre (the watery watery risotto that tasted like marijuana, the really terrible buns they served the sliders on...). On top of that, the server was rude when my table opted not to order 14 dishes at once per his recommendation. We ordered 9 instead and were plenty full, plus 3 desserts. On top of that, our table was placed right next to the bar where the servers put the orders in, so I constantly had people running into me as I was seated at the end of the table. Also, each drink took about 5 years to show up at the table because there was only 1 bartender making drinks for the whole restaurant. But above all, it was overpriced, mediocre food with rude servers, and to top it off, terrible food poisoning. But you should go if you want to waste some money and get sick afterwards! I gave two stars because the rosemary ice cream was really really good.
I've been here so many times. Love this place. It is one of the best restaurants in NYC right now. Highly recommend it and make sure to make a reservation!
When you're trying to convince your bestie to move to Brooklyn... take her to Traif. That's what I did, and it worked. (Short rib sliders and sweet potato fries sealed the deal.) Want to impress a hot date? Traif. (Tuna tartar on eggplant tempura is going to get you invited home.) The food at Traif is complex and interesting. It's meant to be savored and talked about and slowly enjoyed. You'll order a bunch of things to share, and your waiter will bring out the dishes one by one in order from lightest to heaviest. It's also a nice touch that they always include a palate cleanser to start and to end. My only caveat is that the first time we went to Traif, our waiter told us that we should order 4-6 dishes for two people. We ordered 3, and that was enough for us -- and my husband is a big eater! Maybe it would be different if we ordered a bunch of salads and cheese plates, but just the sliders and fries were pretty hefty! We've returned a few times and have always found the service to be friendly and the food to be delicious and consistent.
Went here at 9 pm and place was pretty packed.  The food's pretty good. I didn't like the glazed-confit chicken wings, hoisin, five spice, sriracha.  Way too salty. Didn't feel like the flavors really meld togehter well. Get: bacon doughnuts bellflower pasta, italian sausage, roasted piquillo peppers, torn basil - favorite seared foie, fingerlings, ham chips, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce scallops
traif apparently means NON KOSHER & my friends surprised me for my birthday w/ their $40 11 course chef selection !! the portions were small enough, so we were FULL but NOT OVERSTUFFED ---amuse bouche: lentil soup.. warm beginning ---grapefruit, beet, & goat cheese salad: refreshing! ---seared scallops: wasn't too memorable ---japanese eggplant tempura chips w/ tuna tartare: we all wanted more of this!! ---pork belly w/ grapes: MMmm ---strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs: TENDER ---pork cheeks w/ creamy pesto polenta: LOVED this dish. couldn't stop eating the polenta! (too bad it's not on the regular menu!!) ---sweet & spicy shrimp tempura w/ pineapples & potatoes: yummy ---short rib sliders w/ sweet potato fries: not bad! ---deep fried squab w/ biscuits: a bit gamey & the biscuits were a little soggy ---key lime pie: ONE OF THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD.. not too sweet MMmm ---bacon donuts w/ coffee ice cream: the donuts weren't impressive but i LOVED THE COFFEE ICE CREAM... wanted to take a tub of it home ---complimentary caramelized pineapple the place was cute & definitely fitting for a future date! ONE GRIPE: because i showed up late to my surprise dinner RSVP, they rushed us through the courses, bringing multiple courses sometimes.. so we felt RUSHED & it was harder to enjoy the food!!
I like the food here a lot. But I saw 3 LARGE rats in the garden. The back seating area  is enclosed. We were assured by the host that the rats would not come in. However, we lost our appetite as the rats would run around the grape vines. (yes the grapes in the back attracts the rats). The food is good. But everyone sitting in the garden area in the back were freaked out. They were just a few inches away from me.
Wish I could have actually eaten here. The menu looks so good. Was trying to put together a 25-person group dinner here, but the receptionist forgot to send details about putting together a pre-selected menu after I spoke to her, then didn't return my phone message when I called four days later to remind her, and when I called the third time and asked if they had gotten my message, she told me how busy they were and that she will get to it eventually.  When she emailed me two minutes later, she told me they were going to charge $6,000 (!) plus tax and tip for a dinner for 25 people, and we could eat at 5 PM (!) Regardless, renting out the restaurant was totally not what we wanted, but she either didnt't listen (to the conversation and the voicemail) or she is just obtuse. Either way, I didn't have the energy to start over with the explanation. It's NYC - we have plenty of other options.
One of the best meals I have had in my life. cocktails...amazing food...mind blowing atmosphere....so cool my gut.... happy This place alone is worth a ticket to NYC
I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars. The food was delicious! Everything had A LOT of flavor. My only complaint would be that the portions were a little too small. Normally I don't mind smaller portions because it keeps me from overeating, but in this case I did leave wanting more. I cheat only once a week, so I like to indulge when I do. Other than that, everything was fab including drinks!
Great food.  Been there three times for very different occasions.   Why 3 stars?  Service (although one of two servers was really lovely).  Especially the system at the front door.  It has been frustrating on our last two trips, for entirely separate reasons.  However, both times, the person working at the door was completely patronizing and arrogant. Example:  You arrive on time for your reservation, and can see through the glass window that the rest of your party (your 60 year old in-laws) has arrived and is at the bar.  You are held by the "door guy" outside while they "prepare your table."  That's cool - it's a small space - don't want to be crowding people.  But you step into the doorway for a second and attempt to make eye contact with your in-laws to let them know you've arrived.  You're careful not to cross the threshold of the doorway that door guy has clearly sworn a blood oath to protect. Door guy says, "hey, relax, we'll let you in in a minute."   Everyone is relaxed, door guy.  Stop being a prick. Maybe it seems trivial, but it's now recurring.  Last time, door guy made a point to let us know it was only 5:58, and our reservations weren't until 6:00.  I'm sure he would have made a different point, equally arrogantly, if we had arrived late. Still love the food.  Especially the bacon doughnuts.  We'll probably go back.  Maybe they will have a new door guy.  Or just a normal host/hostess, like every other freaking restaurant.
Pork and shell fish are their specialties, but I found other seafood pleasant surprise. Make sure you try as many dishes as you can! Portion wise, 6 dishes (4 small+2 large) + dessert are more than sufficient. In fact, we shared only one dessert because we were too full. My favorite dish was the corn cake with rock shrimp. Also recommend Pork cheeks. The bacon donut didn't taste weird at all. In fact, I think that they were the best donuts I could ever wish for. The duck breast was okay...perhaps we were never into duck breast anyway. Oh the sliders...a must try! Obviously it's our first time there so there are many other dishes to be written about. But overall we couldn't be happier. Also love the name......
The tasting menu includes 9 courses a plus 2 desserts....and ALL of them are so delicious !! I love the scallop and pork ribs: p Best value tasting menu in NY I've ever had. Try their adventurous menu next time!
Sure, the food was good, especially considering it came from a poorly marked Brooklyn hole in the wall, but I just can't quite figure out the hype surrounding this restaurant. Getting in the car one Friday night and leaving the confines of the island, I had expected something spectacular, but that's not what I found. Even worse, this tiny box of a restaurant has diners sitting on top of each other (I don't recommend squeezing out of your chair to find the restroom unless you want to irritate neighboring diners) and right next to the chefs and the stove over which they cook. As a result, my boyfriend and I both walked out of Traif drenched in sweat. The heat combined with the inexplicably long wait time between dishes (it's a split and share kind of menu) totally killed our appetites and the kids running around screaming throughout the restaurant really didn't do anything to make us want to return. Pros: field trip out of Manhattan, friendly host staff, knowledgeable server, cool to watch the chefs make your food Cons: see rest of review
Dear God, thank you for putting on this earth Chef Jason Marcus. I am now waiting for him to be crowned with a laurel garland and be nominated TopChef or Iron Chef. This is the best new American, modern cousine food I have ever had. It is perfect. All flavors in perfect combinations. Everything I have tried was magnificent and the prices are sooo reasonable. Thank you dear genetic variation, for having created such an amazing chef.
"Respect for food is a respect for life, For who we are and what we do." Thomas Keller I first saw Traif on Yelp. 21 of my Yelp friends went and all gave it 4-5 stars. There were too many reviews to read. But what convinced me were the pictures! It was the picture of the spare ribs with strawberries that convinced me! (I do not understand why a logo of  a pig would make anyone want to go here!) The pictures of the food are amazing! After seeing the pictures I  did not need to read anything I was there! The menu was innovative. My husband and I share most meals so the sharing theme was just right for us. The menu is seasonal so the ribs were not strawberry but they were Pomegranate. But it was still delicious! I do not eat large portions of meat any more. The portions were not too big or too small and at first I did not know how much I could eat but they were melt in your mouth like cotton candy! We also  had the pink fig salad and lamb Shawarma. We had the bacon donuts for dessert. I liked it so much I would even take out of town friends here! My criteria for 5 stars  is it is the best of it's kind. I do not know if it is but the food and decor were so nice. The server and owner were very congenial. The bathroom was clean and there were pictures of the staff in the bathroom as children. They said they want to make it like a family atmosphere. I would love to go back for each season! We went midweek and it was not too crowded. I like going out week nights especially to popular places like this, the wait usually is not as long and you don't feel rushed.
This has got to be one of my favorite restaurants by far.  The husband and wife team which run the place are amazing and attentive.  The food is incredible, and super fun.  There are all sorts of flavor combinations which work really well, but that are definitely not standard, especially for this price point.  The sweetbreads, lamb meatballs, and sliders are all favorites, but pretty much everything we've tried has been amazing, especially the stuff that we were a little hesitant about.  The more unusual it seems, the quicker you should try it!   Just a really special place.
I couldn't stop thinking about my experience at Traif last night, so I figured if I wrote it down (aka a Yelp review) it would help. I'm still not hungry the day after. Embarked on the Chef's Selection - and WOW. I think it's around 10-11 dishes? Here's the deal, when you have so many dishes to sample, I really don't like pitting each one against one another. I would be happy having any of them as a meal, but we're New Yorkers and we have to be super picky. And food snobs. SO: Some highlights: - The Scallops with Risotto were probably my personal favorite. I had to close my eyes and smile when I ate this. Could not participate in any conversation. - The Short Rib Sliders. A comfort food classic that was yummy. If you are not an adventurous eater, go with this (unless you're a vegetarian. Good Luck.) Also, you can never go wrong with Sweet Potato Fries. - Spicy Bigeye Tuna Tartare with Tempura Japanese Eggplant. This one may have been out-shined by the scallops, but still fantastic. - The Bacon Marmalade that came with the bread. I need to find jars of this stuff. Wait, so you say everything is fantastic? Please be more judgmental. Ok sure here you go: - The Strawberry Cinnamon Ribs were a bit on the dry side. I really liked the sauce, but the meat itself was very dry. Maybe I got a not-so-good rib? My foodie friend across the table might've snagged the better one. - Sweetbreads. God I thought this was bread that was sweetened. Nope. This is foie gras + 10. I had one bite, and that was enough. It was good, but it is so rich, and with the added mushroom cream sauce it was overkill for me. But foodie friend licked the plate clean. DESSERT Yes. Bacon Doughnuts. Please get it. If nothing else. It's like visiting Paris and not seeing the Eiffel Tower. Just do it. **REMINDER** Traif's menu is seasonal, so while there are some year-round favorites (I would assume) it's constantly changing/morphing. Which is great because you can go there again and again and never have exactly the same meal :D
This is one of my favorite restaurants in New York state. I give it a 5 start because everything was perfect from the food, to the cocktails, to the service. The dishes were very unique and all perfectly cooked and spiced. The cocktails were equally unique, made with good alcohol and extremely well balanced. All of the waiters were smiling, in a good mood, and happy to talk. I had some good conversation with the lady who was serving us, and she was very helpful throughout our dinner. Two of the people in our group had been there twice before, and the waiters/waitresses remembered and welcomed them very kindly, and offered us a free dessert at the end. The prices are not high at all for what you get, and it is wonderful that the dishes are small and meant to be shared. If you go with a group, its a good idea to order 2 of each dish so that everyone can try it. I'll be going here very often from now on!
You heard this place was good. In fact, you've heard this place was so good, that you're worried it won't actually live up to all the hype. Well, guess what, it sure as hell does. So don't be worried. Came here for a belated birthday celebration with a group of 9 people. The entire reservation process was extremely painless, and we agreed to the Chef's Tasting menu, a special that they offer to large groups. It's a $40 flat fee for each person (minus alcohol), and they send out 10 different savory dishes and 2 desserts...if you are in a larger group, I promise you this is the right way to go. We gave the chef complete discretion with the dish choices, and we couldn't have been happier. I got to sample so many things that I would have probably never ordered otherwise, and EVERYTHING was delicious. There was also an unbelievable amount of food; everyone in my group shuffled out of the restaurant in a food coma cloud. I mean, it was three people to a plate, 12-14 plates... definite, definite food coma. Highlights of the evening were the strawberry & cinnamon glazed babyback ribs, the baked muenster cheese with smoked chorizo and apples, the seared scallops, and (duh) the bacon donuts with coffee ice-cream.
Best dinner I've ever had... Ever! The dinner itself was amazing but the bacon doughnuts for dessert really topped it off! The service was exceptional. Our server helped with our selections and made all the right choices beyond what we had already selected. I will be back!
I am a fan! Service is excellent! Attentive and friendly. The food is outrageous. So freakin' good. The litle outdoor garden was charming and romantic! You have to look for it, it's in a suspect area but nonetheless run don't walk to this fine establishment!
I want to give Traif five stars, but had to shave off one because of the slowish service. I am totally impressed that they get so much good food done in such a small space and in a small kitchen, which probably leads to some breaks and service. It's cramped in there, you really can't go with more than a group of four. Bigger tables are in the front or back patio, but otherwise there are mostly two seaters. I made a reservation a week in advance for Friday at 9 PM I came with BF for a celebration. The waitress kindly explained the menu- all small plates style, this lighter items being up top and heavier items being at the bottom.  The recommend 2 dishes per person as a minimum, all to share. There is a lot of variety in the menu which is a huge plus. Unlike what most people think the restaurant is not just about pork having really good seafood, veg, poultry dishes... Didn't see a lot of beef. The menu also changes seasonally. The only thing I wish was that our waitress would have  made recommendations but she was adamant that she didn't play favorites. Funnily, the unorganized service meant that we got two rounds of the amuse bouche. It was a Cajun sweet potato bisque that was really good, it was very spicy and also creamy because of the sweet potato texture. It's refreshing to have a different substantive sampler since most of the time people give you a watermelon gazpacho  to cleanse the palette. I stated with the most popular cocktail; the name escapes me but it had pig in it.  It was spicy and salty with a good bourbon base. Bf had a really nice cab, which was on the dryer versus full bodied side. We had the: Burrata- I love me some good Burrata.  Awesome texture and flavor- it came with reduced balsamic, pistachios, olives, and really good grilled broccoli Rabe. All of the ingredients were the best of the best. The salt-and-pepper rock shrimp, which was sriacha mayo and tempura shrimp. The shrimp was perfectly cooked not too overdone not too undone, and the sauce was really on point. Came with pineapple and sweet potato chunk. The pork belly. I don't eat pork a lot but I couldn't pass this up it's one of traif's best dishes. Of course the pork belly was an excellent cut, so it had the right fat content with the rate crispiness on the outside. Totally melts in your mouth. The fried egg on thick Texas toast with broccoli Rabe, and a thick and flavorful creamy mushroom sauce. Fresh ingredients  again but probably my least favorite dish only because it wasn't as complex and the other things we had. That buttermilk fried quail with cornbread. I think this dishes is usually made with  chicken but I thought that the quail was a nice treat even though it was smaller. I like the dark meat contrast with the crispiness of the buttermilk breading. The cornbread was really flavorful and had a really good sweet buttermilk sauce on top which is surprising because buttermilk is usually sour. Well fried, the dish was very polite. This was the most filling - and towards the end of the menu somewhat like an entrée. For dessert, we went with the world-famous bacon donuts. I really like the donuts as they were dense but still fluffy. The dough used was really good. Bacon bits were sprinkled on top so that wasn't particularly artisanal, but the combination of the saltiness from the bacon bits, the sweet donuts, and the coffee ice cream was a great pairing. We wanted coffee with our dessert but I guess whoever was making it forgot about us and it didn't come until after the donuts. Six dishes are probably overboard as we were so full.  The total cost was $120 after tax and tip, it's a very trendy-hipster vibe, not unlike the neighborhood surrounding. I highly recommend.
Food is incredible. The tuna tar tar was my favorite. Cocktails are also really great. Highly recommend.
Traif is good, don't get me wrong, but I would say it is a bit overrated for what it is. My boyfriend and I got five dishes. They were all good, but the brussel sprouts really knocked my socks off. It was pretty packed inside when we went, which isn't always pleasant when you are dining in such a narrow space. However, I guess that isn't such a bad thing for them. I mean good food keeps people coming back. Overall, I guess I would say it was a decent meal. However, I wouldn't put it at the top of my lists.
Love the duck risotto, amazing!
Totally worth going to Brooklyn from Manhattan for an unforgettable dinner, that's all I would say. We had their small and medium plates - very delicately spiced and prepared to perfection. I would recommend the scallop ceviche. We also had the Foie gras with guilty conscience - but I would choose to be eternally condemned to hell for such experiences on my tongue.The drinks were nicely made too - I had a whiskey cocktail and the balance was pretty good. Service is top notch (both me and my girlfriend thought the waitress looked like Winona Ryder). I would recommend reservations beforehand - the place fills up like anything. And the cutest thing is the open kitchen - they have these cute little metal pans that they cook their small plates in - I wish I could have such a kitchen one day. Like many other seasoned Traif-lovers, I too would say - Just go.
People always seem to be raving about this place. So I used my birthday as an opportunity to coerce some friends to trek to Brooklyn with me. Traif's menu is quite simple with just the ingredients of each dish listed. The portions of the dishes are tapas-sized, so don't let the prices mislead you! You'll be ordering quite a few dishes actually. We ended up ordering: - strawberry-cinnamon glazed berkshire baby back ribs - bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli - sauteed broccoli rabe, portabello mushrooms, truffle toast, fried egg, aged asiago - seared scallops, butternut squash, beluga lentils, huckleberries, pistachio-brown butter - fried cauliflower, black beauty grapes, green goddess, dill, mint, parsley - new zealand cockles, braised bacon, spring onions, cream, mint, chilies, garlic toast - bacon donuts with coffee ice cream My favorite dish of the night was the bbq rib sliders by far. It was rich, succulent, and dripping with flavor. The sweet potato fries were a good thickness and the smoked paprika aioli sauce gave the fries an extra oomph. The most disappointing may have been the bacon donuts, because I had heard so much about them and I could barely taste the bacon. I was probably so used to the in-your-face flavoring at this point to recognize the subtleties of anything. In other words, by the end of the night, my taste buds were exhausted. If I could describe the entire experience at Traif in a few words, it would be: an explosion of flavors. At times, it was even overwhelming and the food felt heavy and tasted oversalted. The menu is incredibly innovative in its seemingly random combinations of ingredients, but the execution of the dishes could use more improvement. Service was pleasant and friendly, but making reservations was disorganized. It involved way too much phone tag, and they never seemed to pick up their phone during restaurant hours. I ended up taking the initiative of confirming my own reservation as they seemed so laid back about it. 3.5 stars. Notes: - you can sit at the counter, in the main dining area, or the indoor garden/greenhouse space in the back (with lights strung along the ceiling!) - one extremely large co-ed bathroom
I was pretty disappointed in what turned out to be a mediocre meal after reading all the hype. Granted I dined during their rush, but even considering that. I ordered 6 dishes - none of which were truly excellent. Word I unfortunately have to use to describe my dishes are: oversalted, overcooked, and mushy. Nothing was overtly bad, but I wasn't impressed at all either. Service was decent, but I was never asked how anything was. I'm not the kind of guy to send food back for no reason, but a few dishes were disappointing enough that I would have requested replacements. My dishes: Asparagus: B Tuna Tartar: B S&P Shrimp: C Buffalo Frog Legs: C+ Pink Prawns: C- Ribs: B I was really hoping for a spectacular meal but everything lacked execution. Doubt I'll go back unless someone I'm with really wants to try. It was very reasonably priced at $90 with a cocktail though.
I recall reading the New York Times review of Traif in 2010, with the thought of visiting on my mind since then.  One of the reasons the name stuck with me is not because I understood it, but as Yiddish slang for non-Kosher foods, it achieved mild infamy, probably by being located in a neighborhood with a large Hasidic Jewish community, although it matters not at all.  The buzz about Traif has always been positive, and after finally visiting in 2012, I discovered what a loss it was to have waited so long to experience it.   Just across the way from the Williamsburg bridge, Traif is narrow, with seats on a long bar overlooking the open kitchen, and on tables opposite the bar.  The space is contemporary, sleek pale woods against dark walls and flooring.  The ceiling above the bar is painted in festive, colorful swirls.  Prettier is the stone-paved back room that overlooks a garden, evoking a glasshouse effect with glass-paned walls and ceiling.   The one-page menu changes frequently, and in no-frills fashion, simply lists ingredients in a dish, lead by the main ingredient if there is one.  Diverse foods and ingredients that takes influences internationally, with an ever-so-slight tilt toward Asian.  Choose libations from a wine list or test out their competent cocktail chops, via house list or by request. The food is wonderful, with assertive and interesting flavors, and skilled prep.  The dishes can be pleasingly unusual.  Blistered shishito peppers, a favorite bar snack enjoyed at a dozen other places, here adorn a piquant salad of cantaloupe, feta, and marcona almonds; the marriage of flavors and textures was vibrant and surprisingly good.  Bellflower pasta with lobster was deeply flavorful and savory.  Muenster is melted over smoked chorizo in a tall ramekin, served with sweet apple slices and crostini.  Two fried soft shell crabs faced off with capes of pineapple sambal and crushed avocado, perhaps for the chunks of papaya between them.  A foie gras dish recalled steak and eggs for brunch, just messier, richer, and flecked with fried ham chips, maple syrup, and hot sauce.  Fatty, tender pork belly contrasted with the sweetness and crisp of sugar snap peas, the tart of rhubarb and grapefruit. There were more, but ultimately, there was hardly a miss among any dish tried.  Indeed, the only letdown were the renowned bacon doughnuts, fried dough puffs topped with bacon bits, atop dulce de leche, served with coffee ice cream.  They are precisely as described, but strangely didn't make the impression expected. Traif is surely one of the best restaurants in Williamsburg, with interesting and well-executed fare.  It is very reasonably priced for the level of cooking.  It is without airs, feels like a local restaurant, and easy to visit often.  Reservations best, and a must for a group.
Well worth the trek from Manhattan! And you must try the omakase if you have a group of 5. Such a deal and a steal for very good food!  It's the best way to sample the best they can offer so you'll be back!  The Chef must have liked us, we got extra cinammon ribs!  We loved the light as a cloud donuts!  We had to order one more.
Amazing! Unique menu, fast service (once we were seated, at least) , friendly waiters and waitresses, not too expensive. I will definitely be going back!  :)
I had been dying to try this place and it was worth the wait.  They are- obviously- known for pork and it did not disappoint.  Pork belly and baby back ribs were succulent yet not heavy.  Other dishes included blistered shishito peppers- a must- and a creamy yet delicate pasta with sausage.  They do veggies really well- nicely roasted carrots and brussel sprouts rounded out the selections.  I had heard about the bacon doughnuts and tried them, of course.  Perhaps I was expecting more...they are on the savory side, and that perhaps threw me off a bit.  They were very light and very good and definitely worth the try.  THE SERVICE IN THIS RESTAURANT IS REMARKABLE!  I have never seen such an attentive staff.  If you've been wanting to visit Traif, go now!
I am honestly so happy that my boyfriend decided to surprise me and bring me here for my birthday. (Finally writing a review months later.) We were about 20 minutes late for our 9PM reservation, but they kindly sat us at the bar until our table was ready, which took no longer than 10 minutes. But during our wait, I ordered a mojito. Can't quite remember the exact name or ingredients but I remember the taste was very refreshing and delectable. Though it gave me a good buzz, I couldn't taste the alcohol at all, which is always the sign of a successful concoction. The restaurant was small, and a bit cramped, but the food and service definitely made up for it. The light was dim, the tables were candle lit, and the ambience was very trendy and hip. The tables were a bit small, but that didn't really matter since they didn't bring out more than one plate ate once. Meaning, they waited until you were done with each dish before bringing out the next, which I really appreciated. Doing so makes me feel like I'm not being rushed and it gives me time to savor the taste of each dish. After our table was ready, our waitress helped us move our drinks to the table as we got comfortable in the cute little candle-lit arrangement they had set up. First thing was first, she asked if this was our first time at the establishment. Once we said yes, she continued to explain the menu to us and how to order. Generally, we could order separate dishes for ourselves, or 4-5 dishes to share between two people. We decided to choose the latter. First dish was the strawberry cinnamon glazed baby-back pork ribs. We decided to choose this because it was the most-raved about dish on Yelp, and let me tell you. The meat slid off the bone without struggle. That's when you know it was cooked to perfection. And don't even get me started with the taste. The marriage of flavors was absolutely beautiful. It sounds like a bizarre combination, but I can't even stress how amazing it was. Perfect amount of sweet, perfect amount of savory. Second dish was the spicy bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis. My boyfriend isn't a huge fan of eggplant, but I convinced him to try it, and we were not disappointed. He's not a huge fan of many vegetables in general, but I always told him, "you don't like vegetables, because you've never had it cooked right." And can I please tell you this dish was cooked right. It was cooked right, paired right, flavored right; everything was right, and nothing was wrong. Third dish was the crispy soft shell crabs. This dish so so delicious, I was a little sad it only came with two. It was one of those moments where you wish you could eat more because it tastes so good, but you're happy you can't eat more because you might ruin your appetite for more amazing food. Our fourth dish was the day boat scallops. Can I please explain that I've never seen scallops this big, juicy, and delicious. I'm telling you, absolute heaven in my mouth. The texture, the taste, everything was perfection. Just thinking about this is making my mouth water. And our last dish was the icy blue mussels. As you can see, we are a huge fan of seafood. Especially shell-food for that matter. But ooohhohhhohh, the cotdamn orchestra that was playing in my mouth when I took my first bite. I can't even fathom how anyone could speak negatively about any of the dishes I just spoke about. Last but not least, dessert. And what better to order, but the oh-so-popular bacon donuts! I mean, who doesn't love bacon and donuts? If you love both, why not try them together? Let's just say I wish I had room for more, because I would've ordered a second helping. Overall, food was fantastic and to-die for, service was very comforting, the decor was appealing, and the plates were a bit pricey, but completely worth it. Traif is known for marrying bizarre flavors and ingredients together but making them work. It's a hard thing to do, but they've succeeded. This restaurant is absolute perfection. 10/10 would come again. 10/10 would recommend. 10/10 would trek from Queens without a car. 10/10 are drooling at the memory of my experience.
I had my birthday party here about a week after they opened and I could not have had a better time. Heather, you're awesome. My party jumped from 10 to 12 the day of and then midway through dinner 2 more showed up out of nowhere and they could not have been nicer about it and pulled up the table next to us. Also, this was a Saturday night and there were lots of people around. Really, just outstanding service, I can't say that enough. We had the nicest, most attentive service from everyone who worked there. Now, the food. Loved it. I was crushed to find out they'd ran out of the top two things I wanted to try, the ribs and the pork cheeks, but we ordered just about everything else on the menu and I could not have been happier. The sweetbreads blew me away and were melt in your mouth delicious. Confit Chicken Wings?! Best wings I'd ever had. The amuse bouche they brought out to the table of mussels on the half shell was also one of my favorites, great way to start the meal. Also, the candied beets were incredibly tasty. And the donuts. So effing good. So yeah, a welcome and beloved addition to the neighborhood. I love that they're open so late! It's a nice relief to be able to grab some great food and amazing service at 1am if I so choose. The only problem is that I live 2 doors down from them and I have to try and not go in there all the time. Also, thanks for the carrot cake cupcakes with the birthday candle! You guys rock.
Amazing food. I'm a big fan of the "chef's selection" menu. The whole table has to participate, so my more picky friends have been a little hard to convince sometimes, but I have yet to meet someone who didn't lick their fingers clean after each and every dish! The menu is huge and nothing on it is ordinary, actually, most dishes have some twist on them that makes you wonder "will I really like this?", but I always do. Make reservations, because it's usually packed!
The food just kept coming! Great variety of small plates. My only qualm is the space heaters that are turned up way too high.
South 4th street has it all at Traif: Kayla was the server. table of 20, yup you read that correctly, 20. 3/26 10pm Got the beef rib sliders--good. Tuna tartare--a must. Beef cheeks--decent Broccoli rabe--who ordered greens? Foie gras and egg--Foie with anything in this place! Red pearl mojito--recommended. Hogshead revisited sazerac--indifferent.
While the food may be good (if you like meat, of course), the service is not.  Unfortunately I even took the time to email the owner to fill her in on the incredibly poor service we experienced and she failed to even grant me a response.  No email, no phone call, no acknowledgement from the owner or the manager to at least apologize for the crappy service we endured. This just adds to the "we are too cool for even you, Williamsburg" reputation that Traif already had garnered. I was very disappointed.
Despite the implications of the name "Traif," especially considering it's location to Hasidic Williamsburg, I love this restaurant. I would even venture to say that Traif is my favorite restaurant in Williamsburg. At least, it's certainly in the top 5. I would get the tuna tartare. It is sent from heaven. Actually, everything I've had here - from sweetbreads to bacon donuts - is divinely inspired. Just go here. Trust me. You're about to meet your culinary soul mate.
Today is our second time visiting Traif  & unfortunately we were extremely disappointed with the service. We were in Brooklyn & we had a crave for Traif's bacon donut so we decided to drop by. When we got there, the waitress gave us the table in patio. We were the first to come, so the restaurant was empty at the time & we DID NOT request the outdoor table. The waitress gave us the menu & when she found out we were just there for dessert, suddenly she told us to move to the bar because the table outside was already reserved. We were already annoyed because the first time we went to Traif, we made a reservation & when we asked for the outdoor table, they told us we can't, the outdoor tables are only for first come, first serve basis. The waitress was obviously lying to us. Later on we decided to order two more food from their dinner menu other than the dessert and then we asked her if we can keep the drink menu & she said okay. We thought, let's try one of their cocktails because it looks interesting. We called the waitress & ordered the drink (it was Chili infused vodka with basil, and it sucked). When she found out we just ordered one drink, she told us again that our table was already reserved. She said, either move to the bar or finish our meal in 30 minutes. When she said that, the restaurant was still empty, lots of empty tables. She just wants us to move because we did not ordered a lot of food. The food there was amazing but today's service was definitely enough for us not wanting to go back there again... Very rude service!
So, I've been at Traif at least 10 times since they opened. Why haven't I yelped about them? Purely selfish reasons...it's so awesomely delicious that I wanted to keep them a secret. But, after going with my man and his parents this past Friday, I can no longer be silent. We ordered almost all the dishes on the menu to share...who know pigtails could be so delectable??? And the hamachi, and of course the ribs, sliders, bacon wrapped blue cheese date...one home run after another. Jason and Heather...you're as good as it can possibly get...Jesus, thank you for the artfully made cocktails...I say to you dear reader, get there as fast as you can...I'll be the girl with the multicolored hair, reveling in the bacon donuts.
Amazing!! Went on a Friday night with a couple of friends and we decided on the tasting menu. All I can say is that every plate was licked clean. The only dish we can say was just so-so was the pork sliders but everything else was amazing. Loved loved loved the Tuna Tartare and the Key Lime Pie. Run do not walk to this place.
Dined last evening with 5 others The manner in which the food was served bordered on the ridiculous Each of the diners had their own choices and ordered accordingly One item was ordered by 2 couples One couple received  that plate within 15 minutes the other couple waited 30 minutes for the identical order And although we understood the sharing concept of the restaurant the dish in question was to small to be shared by 4 This set the tenor for the evening Some reasonable size sharing portions some not but all took an extraordinary time to get to the table 1/2 the dishes were fine(pork) the others were passable The acoustics were such that you could only speak to the person next to you Even those across from you were inaudible Not the place to enjoy a birthday event
I had such high hopes for this place, especially after a great experience at Chicago's Publican Res't.  Traif seems to have the right ingredients, extensive wine and beer menu coupled with a tapas style food.  Unfortunately I left somewhat disappointed.  Let me start off by saying the service was exemplary and the reason i gave the place an extra star.  Even though the place was packed and quite busy the service was very attentive.  But, that means the food only deserved 2 stars.  Now this may be a matter of taste rather than quality.  The food they served was obviously prepared fresh and of good quality.  It was in the execution of most dishes that i feel this place falls short.  Ever hear the saying "too much of a good thing"?  Basically everything you order will be drenched in some form of a sweet  and sour that overwhelms the dish.   Crispy braised pork belly:  Neither crispy nor very tender, just kinda there. Spicy sweet shrimp: So covered in sauce you cannot taste the shrimp. such a shame since the sauce was pretty good.   Strawberry ribs: Neither strawberry nor cinnamon was very apparent.  Think Chinese take out sweet and sour pork. Roasted carrot salad:  Drenched in dressing, and you guessed it, taste sweet and sour! Seared sea scallops:  Again another dish that was just there.  Nothing special. Bacon donuts:  The star of the night!  The only dish that had a nice balance of flavor where each element was well executed without overrunning the entire dish.
I really do not write these things but, long live triaf! first time in for dinner last night (may 8th).  came later in the night and we were not crazy hungry.  all the food was really great, but our wait person is what really made it.  we did not listen to his suggested amount of food, however he treated us as if we were spending a lot more.  didn't catch his name but tall with glasses and face piercings.  really cool guy, helped us decide on the best dishes (foie).  will be back because of him and will check out their other restaurant down the street... I didnt even know?  thanks traif you're amazing.
Just a quick pop over the Williamsburg Bridge, and you're at Traif, a place my parents and I decided to go to, not necessarily because of previous reviews, but really because of its delightfully irreverent name. We, too, are Jews who love pork (the owner must be in this camp as well), so we had a feeling we were in for a good time. The food is incredible. Inundated with pork, as expected--and it was all fucking delicious, don't get me wrong--but I think what really rounded it all out for me were the non-pork dishes. The tuna tar tar, butterfish carpaccio and seared scallops really helped to "cut the fat" of the bacon croquettes, braised pork belly, and later, bacon doughnuts (!!). Aside from its worship of pork, the offerings at Traif are dynamic--I noticed a nice Asian influence in the mussels, cooked with soy, and the butterfish carpaccio, which was on a bed of seaweed and was topped with black sesame seeds. All in all, an amazing meal, and I would recommend it to anyone, except for vegetarians, or jews who keep kosher, of course (as if I'm recommending restaurants to vegetarians and kosher jews anyway). one more thing: EAT THE BACON DOUGHNUTS. Seriously. Don't be scared. They're fucking incredible.
I have bookmarked Traif ever since I started yelping - after months and months of trying and rescheduling - my fiance and I finally found a perfect weekend that we and his friends were able to have our long overdue double date. My fiance called about 2 weeks in advance to reserve our table for 4. It took a bit of going back and forth since we were only able to leave a voicemail and they called back also left a voicemail to confirm that our reservation was set.  On the night of our dinner date, we arrived around 6:30 and were seated immediately. Upon entering, we were surprised by how small the restaurant was and that all the food was actually prepared right behind the counter. The place smelled amazing and I could hardly wait! Our sweet waitress soon came over to welcome us and explained the menu. We knew we were going for the tasting before they even handed us the menu so we wasted no time. Let's say the food came out in lightning speed - Within 5 mins, our first 3 courses were served and 2 more were followed soon after! The food just came on coming - the only true pause was between the shrimp and sliders. Although the food seemed to coming out in an unnaturally non pre-made speed - everything tasted fresh, amazing, and piping hot - definitely were not sitting around.   1. Sweet potato soup - not your typical SWEET soup - there was a hint of cinnamon - first sip, I was surprised by the "saltiness",  since i prefer sweet soup I was a bit disappointed. 2. Broccoli + cheese + pistachio - I love the broccoli puree (reminded me a lot of your typical Mediterranean dip), the cheese was house made - melt in your mouth GOOD. Not your typical store brought rubbery mozzarella cheese.   3. Tuna Tartare on Fried Eggplant - the best dish of the night - FRESH tuna + crispy tempura style fried eggplant - AMAZING. I would not mind if all 12 courses were this tuna tartare... 4,. Skate cheek - We couldn't hear what the waitress was saying when she was explaining this dish. Our friend thought it was cheese, my fiance thought it was crab cake. After noticing how confused we looked, our sweet waitress came back over to explain once more. It did tasted very much like crab cake. Lightly fried with a juicy meaty inside - simply delish. 5. Pan seared Scallop - my second fav of the night - LOVED the squash sauce and the bed of lentil under. Seared to perfection. 6. Strawberry ribs - the meat on the ribs was soooo well cooked. We had a difficult time forking it over to our plate without the meat falling right off the bone. Wished the waitress/servers weren't so on point with the service - they literally take the plates as soon as they appear empty - I wanted to dip my ribs back into the sauce!!! 7. Pork belly - I usually don't eat pork belly (just fat in my mouth doesn't sound delicious) but these fats in my mouth was a different story. It really just dissolved as soon as I bit down. The piece of peach slice on top cut the "fatty-ness"  taste. So good 8.  Shrimp with bread - the least impressive dish of the night - the shrimp was fresh but nothing outstanding about it. They poured a bit of the shrimp sauce over the bread - not a fan of the sauce. But the bread was every reason why i LOVE carb 9. Pork Sliders with sweet potato fries - these pork sliders were nothing we'd ever tasted before. The flavor was indescribable - let's just say AH-MAZING. loved the sweet potato fries and paprika aioli they paired with. Wished it was a burger not a slider.   10. Escargot, sausage, mushroom  in red wine - loved the toast it paired with - if only they gave us a basket of it because there was so much red wine sauce left over! A comfort, unique dish - always love escargot! 11. Key lime pie - my fiance and I loved the graham cracker crust + the light house made whipped creme on top! The keylime wasn't overly sour or sweet. The chopped up mango pieces complimented it so well! 12. Bacon donuts + coffee ice cream - our friend was dying to try the bacon donut before leaving. Sweet and savory all in one bite. I'm not a big bacon person so I would actually prefer my donut without the bacon pieces. The coffee ice cream helped cut the donut sweetness a bit which was the  perfect balance. Not a coffee flavored anything person but the ice cream was damn good. Amazing service + food + a real bargain (where else can you get 12 amazing dishes - for 45 dollar pp?). We left impressed + extremely satisfied. Can't be any happier! We are already looking into trying the sister restaurant, Xixa - for our second double date!
If you wanna Overpay for bad food this is your place, some of the staff were nice but I won't come back.
What a pleasant surprise. The food was delightful, flavorful, precise. The service was warm and and the atmosphere was perfect, not too trendy, nor loud to really enjoy your meal and good company. But what impressed me most were the details not on the menu, the amuse bouche - chilled corn chowder with vanilla...wow, as well as the chilled watermelon sqaures with pomegranate molasses that came with the check. Bravo!
Holy mother of pork, the food here is fucking phenomenal. Thank pork that everything is in small-plates format (but even for small-plates they give you a decent sized poriton) because the prices were reasonable enough to order almost the entire menu. strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs- the glaze was terrific, cooked PERFECTLY. seared scallops over creamy leeks and cherry tomatoes- PERFECTION. and i generally LOATHE scallops. but i loved deez. brussels sprouts with puffed rice- a tasty, PERFECTLY refreshing option amongst our manly meat buffet. foie gras with fingerlings, A FRIED EGG, bacon and maple- rich and PERFECT. deemed breakfast for spoiled brats. pork cheeks with figs over polenta- hearty, substantial and comforting. not to mention the flavors that danced gracefully and PERFECTLY on my tongue! sweet spicy chili calamari- This dish found that PERFECT sweet-spicy-sour-savory-crispy-tender balance everyone wants deep, deep inside. bone marrow w/ steak tartare- natures most naturally PERFECT food, enhanced by some PERFECT accompaniments. bacon donuts- come on. DESSERT PERFECTION. key lime pie- the most PERFECT, tangy and sweet key lime pie with a buttery (extra buttery) crust. PLUS, the chef's mom makes it! I find this to be cute. P.S. Thanks for not putting sugar in the whipped cream. Most places don't know any better and poison me with sugar-overload. panna cotta- A PERFECT option for those who don't want a sweet dessert. nutella mousse- layers of PERFECTLY light nutella mousse and fresh berries topped with whipped cream and homemade chocolate bark. LET US NOT FORGET: the staff. guys on the line are masters at working in an open kitchen, with a full house. total sports... even as we harassed them in their awesome mooninite hats. and heather, the hostess, was a complete doll. loved her! pork is god. traif is perfect. can't wait to come back!
Other than the menu being over crowded with words. The food is amazing, if you have an adventurous palette. I recommend the seared scallops and the calamari. Some of the best calamari I've ever tasted.
This place is really cute and has a romantic ambiance. My friends and I did the tasting menu. Best decision ever. I liked the salt and pepper shrimp, scallops, and the baked muenster cheese. My fave was the bacon donuts at the end. The drinks were ok. Not too memorable.  Will def. come back to try the other things on the menu.
Review for Saturday night visit for dessert only. Service: We walked up without reservation. Hostess was friendly and very accommodating in putting us at the bar when the tables were full. However, she miscounted and there were only 3 seats for 4 people. She noted that if something else opened up, she would reseat us. The reseating never happened despite several empty tables over the next 20 minutes. I stood the whole time near the register, constantly twitching to avoid getting in the waitresses' way. Food: 1) Panna Cotta- incredibly ordinary. The fresh berries WERE appreciated. 2) Bacon doughnut with coffee-llike ice cream- again, ordinary. Ice cream was delish (although ordinary) but the quantity was disproportionately small compared to the amount of doughnut. 3) Complimentary watermelon cubes- dabbled with something fancy? Missed the explanation from the server in the loud atmosphere. Was appreciative of the gesture but again- ordinary watermelon. Drinks: Solid and unique mixed drinks although while sitting at the bar and observing the 'tenders- they were very inconsistent mixing the same drinks which could result in widely variant amounts of alcohol in each drink and in the resulting taste. Atmosphere: The atmosphere was incredibly loud and made having a quality conversation difficult. It was also a little uncomfortably warm (and I usually run cold). The back deck looked inviting and cute. Conclusion: Not likely worth a wait if there is one. Potentially good for weekday cocktails on the adorable back deck. However, if you are particular with your cocktail prep or discerning about dessert, this may be disappointing.
I never thought I could hate a place so much, but then there was you Traif. I've come here twice. The first time the blonde hostess had me wait even though the place was almost empty. She kept coming back to tell me to wait. Why not just seat me instead of asking me stare at empty tables? After about 20 minutes of dealing with such rudeness I left. Unfortunately I tried to give it another shot. The same hostess was there with the same rude service although she reluctantly let me and my boyfriend sit at the bar. How kind of her to do her job that day. The food was okay. The chickens and biscuits were good but the the bacon egg sliders and donuts were utterly disappointing and flavorless. The substandard food coupled with the inexcusable service are two main reasons why I shouldn't have given it two chances, nor will I give it another.
This place is unbelievably well priced high quality food, the soft shell crabs were to die for, also the buratta dish! I split 6 dishes with my bf and 2 desserts, and some glasses if wine and the meal was under $125.00 what a deal. Worth coming back cool hipster vibe I suggest reservations though, this place is packed!
This is one of my most loved places to indulge in NY. The bigeye spicy tuna tartare tempura eggplant something or other is divine. I also enjoy the scallops with green pea risotto. You have to try this place!
I don't need to add much more to what has already been said, but I ate here recently with friends, and it was absolutely excellent.
This is one of my favorite dinner spots in the city. I took my mother there for Mother's Day and we had so much fun and so much good food.
Really good! We got the tasting menu and everything was wonderful! Shockingly, none of the things I was leaning towards ordering were on the tasting menu, but I was pleasantly surprised with a soup taster, brussel sprouts, pork belly, ribs, tuna, 2 desserts, and I'm pretty sure I'm missing something in there.  The brussel sprouts were my favorite and the ribs came in close second. The service was outstanding and the wine list didn't disappoint either.  I will be coming back to try some of the many other items on the menu!
after the Yelp Event last night at BK Winery, about 20 of us Yelpers relocated to Traif. unfortunately, i was too full from dinner before the party, so I didn't try any of the main dishes. however, i did try the bacon doughnuts, which were really good! funny, cause i'm usually not a fan of doughnuts OR bacon.. but together, it made an interestingly yummy combo. i also ordered a drink, forgot what it was called, but i LOVED it. it was some combination of whiskey, green tea, mint leaves... (if i remember correctly). another funny one, cause i don't like whiskey, but i am finding myself to start liking whiskey cocktails. so i gotta give Traif a thumbs up for having me try three things i dont generally like, but giving it to me in a version that i loved. and of course, it was great hanging out with fellow Yelpers!
Tasting menu. Changes Daily Amazing! Bacon donuts were fantastic - just the right amount of saltiness and sweetness. Loved the Pork belly smoked risotto, short-rib sliders, watermelon gazpacho, spicy bigeye tuna tartare and strawberry glazed ribs. I will be going back, as a matter of fact, I cannot wait to get back here to try everything else on the menu. Liked the beer selection and cannot wait to go back and get my fix of Inus and Gunn beer. Friendly service, deserves every bit of 5 stars. Get the Bacon Donuts!
Two people really amped this place up for me. We had the tasting menu. I am not sure of all the individual items that came out but the one I liked most and like to remember was the sliders and those awesome potato friends. Can I just order 2 sets of those and pig out? The bacon drink wasn't that impressive. I do understand that bacon makes everything taste good, but there is a limit. I like sweet drinks and they really didn't have that much so I ended up requesting some simple syrup to be added to my drink. And for crying out loud those bacon donuts were really not all that. I expected some type of orgasm in my mouth but it just tasted like a eating a salty donut. If they had served the donut with the ice cream, I would not be equally satisfied. Again, I know bacon is God's gift to culinary pleasures but ehhh...just give me more potato fries instead. Would I return? not sure. If I am craving sliders and bomb-ass potato fries sure!
The service was amazing, I went with a few friends and we were completely delighted, all started with the bacon broth which was so delish and the tuna tartar was def my favorite along with the baby burgers. We needed with the bacon donuts which went perfectly paired with the toffee ice cream. They're champagne went perfectly with our desserts. If you're in Williamsburg definitely make sure to stop by, you won't be disappointed.
Went for my birthday with a couple of girlfriends.  The place has definitely earned all of its fantastic reviews.  Everything we ordered was delicious: the brussels sprouts, the spicy big-eyed tuna, and the sweet potato fries. The place is so close, definitely returning soon!
What a phenomenal meal.  Came here with a group of 5 hungry guys for a birthday dinner.  We did the evening's tasting menu.  Every single plate had it's own unique and mind blowing.  It's crazy what they dream up from such a small cooking space - true fooding talent.
I went to Traif for the first time with my wife last night.   We had a 6 PM reservation, though we had to wait a few minutes because they were a bit late in opening.  But once we made it in we had the dining experience of our lives, amazing enough that I am now more reluctant than ever to spring for fancy restaurants like Per Se, Daniel and others of that ilk.  I am quite worried that I would pay double or triple or more and get food that is not nearly as good as this.   We ordered 6 savory dishes, 2 cocktails, a glass of wine and 2 desserts between the two of us, and finished every bite and every drop.  The portions are small, and the place is consequently not as cheap as it looks (we spent almost $150 all-in between the two of us), but it was more than worth it for the quality.  Dish by dish it was lentil soup free starter - incredible.   bacon-wrapped stuff dates - Absolutely amazing, nothing like this anywhere else seared scallops - merely excellent, the weakest of the bunch strawberry-cinnamon ribs - mind-blowing, best ribs of all time Maine lobster and sea urchin on potato - Awesome, even my wife loved it, and she hates seafood.   Short rib sliders with sweet potato fries - best of either we've ever had by far Seared foie gras, potatoes and egg - absolutely phenomenal. Bacon doughnuts, coffee ice cream - I loved it, my wife liked it.   key lime pie - gold standard, awesome.   The fact that I can remember all that we ate is amazing in itself.  At even the best restaurants I will usually remember and talk about 1 or maybe 2 things afterward on a very good night.  But here we had 5 or 6 plates on the same table that were that good.   The atmosphere is mostly fairly plain.  It's a small place, and we ate in the very nice back "garden" room, which is enclosed during the winter.  The service was friendly and helpful.  But in this place, more than almost any other I have been to, it's really all about the food.
For those unaware what the name means, Traif is the yiddish word for non-kosher.  AKA pork heaven. AKA bury me here.  Honestly, if I owned a restaurant, this is what I would want it to be.  It's as if this place was designed with me in mind. I came here about a year ago and knew it was something special but was too drunk to put it into words so I had to come back and have a more "memorable" experience.  Second go at it re-affirmed my feelings for this fine establishment. Had a 9pm Saturday night reservation with a buddy and the place was jammin.  We were seated shortly after arriving and planned on doing the tasting menu but were disappointed to find out that they only do this for parties of 3 or more.  Bummer.  Oh well, now we can order everything that we want and not hold back.  A fat kids dream.   Here's the rundown: Shrimp Bacon fat soaked biscuits with Iberico ham and house made ricotta Ribs Pork Belly Sweetbreads Foie Gras A vegetable dish that I can't remember After every first bite of each dish, my friend and I both looked at each other, smiled and gave that sooo good look.  We all know about their pork belly and ribs but the highlight for us this night were the shrimp and the bacon soaked biscuits.  The shrimp were fried perfectly and had this incredible remoulade sauce on them.  They went down very easy and I almost wish we had two orders.   The biscuits with ham and ricotta were out of this world also.  I have never had a biscuit like this before and the ricotta cheese they were topped with cut the richness of the bacon fat perfectly.  The iberico was a fitting topper to add that salt and consistency to the dish.  This was a special that night and not on the regular menu so I feel blessed to have been able to pick the right night to dine there and experience that.   Unless you're kosher, what's not to love about Traif.  It's officially one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.  I hope to be back many, many times.
Stopped in here after a small dinner and ended up eating an additional meal. We came in here looking for doughnuts, but ended up ordering a couple of things to try. Food was delicious, the bacon doughnuts didn't disappoint either! Looking forward to coming back on an empty stomach.
Yesterday we made our third trip to traif. This is one of the best restaurants in New York, not just Brooklyn. Every dish we have tried has been fantastic. Of particular note on our latest trip was the spicy tuna served on eggplant tempura and the foie gras served with potato wedge and soft fried egg. Traif will continue to be our spot when we want an amazing dining experience.
What a yummy place this is. All the dishes are sharing plates and the menu is listed from lightest to heaviest. Lightest being a lot of the veggie dishes and heaviest being meats and cream sauces. Anyhow the waiter recommended that 6 plates would be good for two people. We ordered five plates and had the bacon doughnuts for dessert--we were quite full. From the our selection, I really liked the short rib sliders, tuna tartare on tempura eggplant, and the salt + pepper shrimp. Small plates allows for trying many different things and makes for a fun experience. I can't wait to go back again!
Food is unique, and tastes amazing.  There is nothing you can choose from the menu that wouldn't be satisfying.
I love this place. Food 5/5 The food was absolutely amazing here!!! It was recommended we order 8-12 dishes for 4 people. Including dessert, we ordered 11. My absolute faves: Salt and pepper shrimp - sooo flavorful and plump!! BBQ ribs - whatever sauce they out on these fall off the bone ribs... Must be crack Panna cotta - the panna cotta itself was pretty good but the orange tasting ice cream it was paired with was mind blowing Pretty damn good: Scallops Bone marrow Escargot Key lime pie Bacon doughnuts Slightly disappointed: Pork belly - not fatty enough. I've had better. Also, based on reviews I had very high expectations for this. For four people, 11 dishes, 4 drinks it came out to be about $50 a person. Really not bad considering the quality and variety of food. Can't wait to come back! Atmosphere 3/5 It's a hipster restaurant in hipsterville, so you can imagine the crowd. We were seated in the patio in the back, it was extended by adding temporary plastic walls. It was more than sufficiently heated with lamps... it was actually so hot I took my cardigan off. Although I'm happy the extra space can accommodate an extra 4 tables, the heat lamps also casted a red/pink shadow on everything and everyone. Good news: no one can tell you have Asian flush. Bad news: all our food pictures came out red/pink. Service: 3/5 I was a little in love with our waitress, she was adorable and just oozed cool with her half shaved head. In a group of 4, we were having a hard time debating if we should do the chef's tasting menu or order separately. However we had a few requests from the tasting menu - no raw fish due to allergies, and our must haves were the pork belly and the BBQ ribs. We were told our requests weren't guaranteed (even though we are supposedly should be granted two requests). After that whole ordeal with feeling uncertain, we just ordered separately. Dishes came out quickly, barely any wait time in between dishes.
I came here twice and left satisfied both times.  I wish the portions were a tad bit bigger but the food is still delicious nonetheless.
Their good but their reservation system Is terrible.we called and some one spoke with us when we got there our name wasn't in the list...then we had to wait
Great space! Well worth the 30 mins wait!!
I am the 519th review, so what is there left to say that hasn't already been said? But i have to put my 2 cents in. My experience was such where I was looking for a place to go for Valentines day. I looked thru Yelp and found Traif. I called them up that afternoon and they took my number and would call me if anything opened up. Not an hour later I received a call for an 8:30 opening. My luck! We arrived a little before and were promptly seated. There was a 4 course tasting with wine pairing. AMAZING! The food and the presentation was very well thought out. Because of how small a 2 top table can be, the plates were the perfect size leaving ample room for glassware. The service was organized, friendly, and informative. My only problem with the place was it's decor. A bit too cramped and brightly lit for my liking. Which brings my review down a peg. All in all a wonderful dining experience. Thank you Traif! You made my V-day a very memorable one.
Absolutely recommended! The amuse gueule was a fantastic little strawberry pepper gazpacho. As a salad fan I had the lettuce salad with peaches and golden zucchini which was good. However the salt and pepper shrimp with an assortment of melons were absolutely fantastic!! Best dish I had in a long time. Surprising, new and super tasty! A little spicy, perfect balance between sweet, sour and salty! Overall a very good atmosphere in the place, super sweet and caring crew. They have a little outdoor courtyard which looked cute. The chef is brilliant and creates innovative dishes.
Reason #9797343 I'm marrying the guy that brought me here, after years of wanting to try this place.  He scored a reservation and the rest  will forever stain my taste buds' memories.  Perfectly timed service, perfectly balanced flavors and textures, fresh and interesting ingredients.  The only thing I didn't like is that it was damn crowded and it was hard to relax with people constantly squeezing past you.  I recommend that you sit at the bar and watch the action as the chefs prepare food or sit in the back garden area where it's a little more secluded.
Spectacularly good food: bring a group of friends and I promise you - you'll have a blast AND get points for your impeccable taste. Not easy to do both. All dishes are meant to be shared, which is a problem if you're a slow eater. Everything is so mouthwateringly good that before you know it you'll be licking your plate clean. Or someone else will. Either way, nobody will care because the vibe is so low-key you can get away with pretty much anything. Food rundown: get the glazed baby back pork ribs (best I've ever had), the duck confit, anything with the word "pork" in it... the only thing we didn't call in love with was the budino for dessert: the mousse was way too salty. We couldn't get a table on a Friday night, so we sat at the bar. This had its pros and cons. Cons: the bar far from comfortable to sit at for 2 hours. Pros: watching a kitchen the size of a closet at Eleven Madison produce dishes that rival the aforementioned restaurant. Just don't expect valet parking.
As if Traif needs another glowing review, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to highlight my excellent experience last night. My waitress, Whitney was exceptional. She was friendly, attentive, and very knowledgeable about all the dishes (and which ones would fit our flavor profiles). The other staff were also very good, as usual. And of course, the food continues to be the best from any restaurant I have ever been to. It was the perfect culinary experience. (A little side note: If you like raw fish, you must get the tuna tartar on fried eggplant.)  If you haven't been to Traif, why are you still reading this review and get going!
I went a month ago expecting it to be an awesome place but I was very dissapointed. I am usually very open and not picky when it comes to food but I know that I didnt really like anything we ordered. (I dont remember what we ordered except for the mussels which werent very good either) Our waitress also seemed to be really stressed out or on some very stimulating drugs because she was constantly asking us if we were ok but seemed annoyed and like it was a huge hassle. I can say however, that the free soup shots we were offered were great! If I were to go back to Traif I would just order a bunch of soup shots and be happy with that.
I usually forget to write reviews but this place was amazing!   Had to write and rave about this place. If you haven't been, I think you should.  Everything looks very good put it that way.   We had pulled pork sliders, donut with bacon bits and even the salad was amazing!   I could write more about this place but I have to go back to work.   It just works!!!!
This place is small, always a little crowded, but that being said.. Amazing, albeit unexpected comfort food.  Try the pork cheek and thank me later.  And I feel like the bacon donut speaks for itself.  This is definitely one of the reasons why Brooklyn is becoming so uber trendy.. I'll make the trip to eat here, and so should you.
Checked it out on a weeknight based on the stellar yelp ratings and it was underwhelming at best.  Had the broccoli rabe & egg, calamari & pork cassoulet; shared a dessert as well.  It's the kind of place that lists all the dishes' ingredients, which makes them sound great on the menu,  until you taste the actual dish, and realize that they were relying on the interesting ingredients at the expense of execution.  You know? Service was fine.  Ambiance is nothing special and even cramped.  Dishes are tapas-style, so not expensive, but they are quite small.  All in all a mediocre dining experience given its potential. Won't be back.
Strange reservation operation they have. Made me feel as though I I was on a waiting list. I called on a Thursday and was told I'd be called back within 24 hours. Friday they called and said I was all set with a table. Ok. Not a big deal. The service was very good and I was looking forward to an impressive dinner. We ordered 6 dishes between the two of us. It turned out 5 would have been plenty. Ok maybe my expectations were high but after reviewing the whole experience in hindsight, I felt like it didn't leave feeling fulfilled. I'm sorry Traif, but you were just ok. I may return for another try.
The food here is SPECTACULAR. I came here with my family (obviously my dad treated us), and every small bite was a taste of heaven. The bacon broth shots are off the hook. Don't come here if you don't like meat. Well, you can, but you have to try the succulent meaty options. I can't wait to come back here.
After having been to Xixa multiple times, I was dying to try Traif. When I finally went, it completely lived up to my rather high expectations. Since there were three of us, we opted for the chef's tasting menu, which at only 45 dollars per person, is pretty reasonable. For that price, you get about 10 small plates to share plus two desserts. You can request a couple of dishes, but the rest will be the chef's choice. We got the following dishes: --sweet potato soup (amuse bouche) --tuna tartare with eggplant tempura --salad with apples and cheese (can't remember which kind) --prawns with Texas toast --baby back ribs --pork belly --fois gras with egg and bacon --skate cheeks --pan seared scallops --short rib sliders --spaetzle with rabbit --vanilla panacotta --bacon donuts Of those, my favorites were the pork belly, scallops, and short rib sliders (and I'm not even a meat lover most of the time). My least favorite was the skate cheeks because it was prepared kung pao style, which I'm not a fan of. Everything was really good, though. We had a reservation because it was a Friday night, but we just got it day of, so my feeling is you could probably wing it and go without one, especially on the early side. I'm sure I'll be back here soon!
My boyfriend and I dined at Traif for his birthday last night. Although the space is quite small, the setting is very intimate and cozy. The menu is extremely comprehensive and they update it daily. The food is served on small plate similar to Tapas, so it's best to order around 6 plates total. The food was very good but I don't recommend getting the buffalo frog legs because it has an unappealing smell to it. The salt & pepper shrimp is a must! It's really flavorful. The Strawberry Cinnamon glazed baby back ribs are also a must! The name alone should persuade you. The service was immaculate! Our waitress was polite and very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. And we never had to ask to refill our waters because it was done like clockwork. And the best part of it all was the bill. It was only $65, which is way less than you'd pay for a romantic night out with your boo in Manhattan. Happy stomach, happy wallet!
We came here for our anniversary, which in retrospect, i wish i had mentioned when i made the reservations. We were sat in the front at 8pm, the night before presidents' day, which was pretty cramped. normally this would be fine, except we were cramped and surrounded by people who were bombed. So my only tiny complaint is i would've preferred to sit in the back where it seemed a bit... mellower. The food, however, made up for everything. It wasn't insane or weird, just everything was very flavorful. We ordered six of the small plates and still had room for dessert. We had the autumn salad, butterfish carpaccio (holy god that was great), bacon wrapped dates, cinnamon-strawberry glazed ribs, baked muenster cheese, and peppers with anchovies & feta. For dessert we went with the key lime pie and the bacon donuts. We also tried two of their cocktails: the bacon rimmed tequila one (smokey and delish) and a citrus-minty-maybe vodka(?) one that was also great. Everything was perfectly seasoned, well presented, and tasted amazing. The service was a little scattered (check came out before our last dessert plate, our wine took awhile to arrive after we ordered it) but again, the food really made up for it. We were already planning our return trip before we were even finished with our meal.
Great place always crowded food taste amazing only thing is they dont give you a lot and its pricey but worth going to.
Had been wanting to go for a while, and after a leisurly stroll across the Williamsburg Bridge on a Sunday, we decided to give it a shot and - amazingly - they had a table for three walk-ins around eight-ish. Food was excellent, especially the ribs - the meat was basically falling off. Our server recommended everyone order two dishes for the 'main' and we just share, but since we weren't particularly hungry we just got three which was fine actually. Excellent key lime pie also. The atmosphere was kind of buzzy, which I liked, but not sure if I loved the decor. The seats and tables are pretty standard, and it didn't seem like they put a ton of thought into the space beyond the open kitchen type bar. The food more than makes up for it though. Overall, go!
Party of 11 came here to celebrate a birthday, we had specified that we would be ordering the Chef's Menu, which was to be shared amongst our table.   Chef's Menu: 9 courses, 2 desserts, + 1 birthday dessert Apple Carrot Soup (made with rice and olive oil) Tricolor Salad with Feta Torched Hamachi with Quinoa and Heart of Palm Skate Cheeks Fried Oyster, Hush Puppies, Old Bay Aioli Seared Scallops, Lentils, Pumpkin Sauce Short Rib Sliders, Sweet Potato Fries Sweetbreads Shrimp, Garlic Toast Bacon Wrapped Trout, Barley, Red Cabbage Butter Run Budino, Peanut Butter Sorbet, Banana Custard Vanilla Panna Cotta Bacon Doughnut, Coffee Ice Cream Pineapple slices with Molasses, Lime zest Selected dishes were shared, the salad, trout, desserts, while individual portions of all the other dishes were served. While I enjoyed myself very much at the time of the meal, it has only been a couple of hours and I am not so sure anything was all that memorable.  I thought the carrot soup was very well executed and the tricolor salad had really good flavors, then all the other dishes came and went, and they stuffed us with dessert.  The two dishes I mentioned were probably prepared before the restaurant had even opened up for dinner service so they were very well executed.  All the other dishes were good but not great.  Is this an authentic tapas place, no!  It's more fusion, yet I will not be able to tell you where the inspiration for their dishes came from. People keep raving about the bacon doughnuts.  We requested for them, and I was highly disappointed. They weren't anything special, basically a fried ball of dough. I didn't taste any resemblance to bacon flavor at all, unless they fried it in bacon oil.  Although this could be their fault in serving this dish after an extremely sweet dish.  I enjoyed the coffee ice cream more.   While the menu appears different at first glance, in the end I didn't find it that special.  They had quite a bit of seafood on the chefs menu.  Unfortunately seafood is harder to execute correctly, than chicken or beef. Service was good.  They changed our plates three or four times over the course of the meal.  Water was refilled, the waitress was helpful in repeating the names of the dishes to us several times.  The negative, it was a slow night due to inclement weather, yet they squeezed 11 of us into four tables meant for two people.  A little annoyed about the unnecessary tight squeeze,  the restaurant didn't ever fill up that night and the tables immediately next to us were empty the whole time. I find a lot of places in Williamsburg tend to be overrated because its just hip to be in Williamsburg.  I probably won't go too out of my way to dine here in the future.
Delicious tapas without hurting your back account What a find. Everything on the menu was delicious. We tried about 14 dishes. Almost ended up with a food coma at the end. Easily one of the best tapas restaurants I've been to. And at the end it cost only about $50 per person including drinks. Easily a $100 deal if this restaurant was in Manhattan. As always Brooklyn never disappoints when it comes to good service.
I have nothing bad to say about this spot!!  Decor ,Service and most importantly food were all fantastic. We were greeted immediately and seated within minutes of arrival. The waitress was a sweetheart not to mention hot lol. She recommended items on the menu as well as drinks. Once ordered the first dish was brought out less then 8 minutes.. The 1st dish was A watermelon gazpacho they brought out imbetween one of the dishes was amazing refreshing yet mildly spicy go figure ... either way it worked. Amazing (and complimentary BTW) Spicy Tuna tar tare & tempura & eggplant.... The eggplant was lightly breaded and fried it accompanied the tuna very well. wasn't my favorite dish of the night but nevertheless still good. The Strawberry cinnamon baby back Ribs were tender and flavorful.definitely will order again   Not a fan of Italian sausage but The pasta w/ Italian sausage was excellent. The pasta was perfectly aldente and the sauce was extremely delicious. Now onto the chicken and biscuits .....one word Amazing! Ive never tasted biscuits that good.The gravy on the biscuits was um mm ummm good!!  i wanted to order to go lol last but not least the dessert ....The bacon donuts w/ coffee ice cream was off the hook!! Who knew bacon and ice cream would taste so good together ... genius lol Traif was a great experience ...I'm already planing my 2nd visit this week lol
Okay your clothes might smell like a hot greasy stovetop by the time you get out of here, but you'll be so delighted at the feast you just had that you seriously won't mind. Smallish. Crowded, noisy as he'll. warm, inviting and animated. Above all , great food. I've been about a half dozen times and never disappointed. Highlights for me are the sweetbreads, the ribs and of course the doughnuts! Neither cheap nor expensive. Well worth the money.
This is where we take out of towners to show off the best of brooklyn cuisine, and to indulge ourselves when in need of an orgasmic sensory experience.  We've done best when we came as a party of three and follow the chef's tasting menu.  Everything was sublimely ordered and with a unique subtle intensity of flavor with each dish.  It feels blasphemous to begin listing off incredible dishes without describing them in their full manifestation, and I honestly can't remember the flavors that were paired, but  the shrimp, soft shell crabs, sweet bread and the panna cotta were unbelievable. I wasn't drinking, but the mock tails were good. And though the chef didn't  put it on the tasting menu, I would say if you're going for a quick treat make sure you include the bacon donuts.  Enjoy :)
Extraordinary. We ordered 10 plates of food to share among 4 people and each was served with tremendous flavor, highly skilled preparation, and surprising taste experiences. Rarely do we have a dinner this good. Excellent wait staff - attentive but not pushy. Best dining out in a long time.
Bookmarked on 1/11/2012. Dined in on 4/11/13. What's the point? I've been waiting a damned long time to come here and it failed to meet expectations. I'll tell you why. (skip to service section if you want to go straight to the dirt) Food: The food was good, it just wasn't amazing. Clearly, this is always the hallmark for every restaurant. We had the Truffle Toast, Strawberry Glazed Ribs, Lobster Risotto, and the Porkbelly. They also gave us (and every other table) a complementary red bell pepper soup shooter which tasted like a cold tomato soup and ended the night with a refreshing bite of pineapple molasses with lime zest. Like I said earlier, the food was good. It just wasn't mind blowingly awesome... EXCEPT THE BACON DOUGHNUTS. I never eat dessert.. never.. but.. when I do.. I'll eat bacon doughnuts. Don't be afraid to order two. Three if you feel generous and want to give me one. =D Service: This was the failing point. We were sat by the bar which I would recommend as you get an up close and personal view of the chef and his staff. However, over the course of the dinner.. the bartender was making his drinks and had splashed me, my face, my arm, and my shirt three different times. Each time he did not realize, even though I'm sitting there wiping myself down. I'm not opposed to a bartender throwing drinks down my throat. I guess I draw the line when he hits everywhere but. He also thought it was appropriate to provide us with water half way through our meal. I thought it was general practice for restaurants to provide you with water right away but what do I know. I'm not in the restaurant business right? Conclusion: It's a pity. The food is good but my experience was pretty abysmal. I hope I'm not sounding melodramatic but when you get a drink tossed in your face multiple times whether it's done on purpose or by accident.. it's a terribly degrading feeling. I was here with my girlfriend and it took a lot of self-control to not flip a shit. If she had told me she got hit with the drink.. well.. I'll let your imagination take over. Based on my experience, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
I went there with my boyfriend for dinner on Saturday. Their dinner starts at 6 and the place was filled quickly. We sat in the outdoor portion of the restaurant and it was really nice. You sort feel like you are sitting in a garden with the leaves and flowers above and behind you. The waitresses and servers are nice and tentative. We were told that a party of 2 usually shares 4-5 of there small plates. We decided to get only 3 plates, which was the perfect amount. We ordered the Soft Shell Crab with cucumbers and asparagus. The dressing for the vegetables were amazing and the crab was very fresh and crispy. The crispy pork belly was a tad bit hard, but the fat melts right inside your mouth. The cantaloupe side was delicious. The sauce that is was sitting in gave it a tart beginning but sweetness if the fruit slowly comes out. The short rib sliders with sweet potato fries was heavy, but yum. The meat is pulled onto buns that are warm and soft. Delicate little burgers. My boyfriend loved the crunchy sweet potato fries. It hardly felt oily like other fries, but it was too heavy for me. Traif specializes in small plates. The 3 I ordered, had two pieces of soft shell crab, around 4-5 cubes of pork belly, and two sliders, per plate. They also will give out free samples of items for you to try. We sampled a watermelon gazpacho, which was actually not that great. I had a great time with all the delicious food. 4.5 stars. A restaurant definitely worth coming back to try their other items.
Just came back from dinner here, and wanted to share with the world how  much I enjoyed my meal there! Showed up with husband around 9:00pm, no tables available until 10:30 (what!) but we managed to get two chairs at the bar. Do try their Rude Little Pig cocktail: it's delish! We also had a Scottish beer that was beautifully layered with caramel flavor. We had the beet salad with mozzarella and pomegranate seeds; crispy-glazed confit chicken wings with five-spice/hoisin/sriracha glaze, braised short rib sliders, and seared scallops with apples and cinnamon. O.m.g. wow. Food was so good. Who ever knew that pomegranate seeds could complement beets so beautifully? The only semi-negative comment I have would be that the wings had no sriracha flavor at all - but maybe that's because five-spice drowned it out? Anyway, it was still delicious. But o.m.g again, the braised short rib sliders were so damn succulent and lovely, and again, who ever knew that apples and cinnamon could taste so good with seared scallops? It was definitely like having apple pie with scallops, but it worked, oh my lord did it work! And, despite what other reviewers may say, we found that the portions were pretty ample - even the wings were more than enough for us. And trust me, we like to eat, and eat well. I much prefer to pay for a meal like this where you're able to try a variety of items, rather than spend 2/3 of the bill on one entree. We skipped dessert because we were full, but did receive a little genius piece of pineapple topped with lime zest and some caramel - lovely!! And who doesn't love a little free food :-) I can't wait to go back.
Chef's selection = amazing.
You have to go here! Don't hesitate--just go! There are so many levels of flavor in the food! I like that you can share plates, as it certainly creates an experience of enjoying every single bite. We had a late reservation, since it was last minute, and the place was in the middle of nowhere, but it was definitely worth it. The rumors about the bacon doughnuts are true. They are truly heavenly. And the key lime pie as well. I will definitely be going back!
I came here twice and never wrote a review because I didn't have time. Now I don't remember what we got, but I do know that the first time, we just thought it was ok. There were only 2 dishes we would go back for. The 2nd visit for our friend's birthday dinner was much better. I actually liked most everything we ordered. Unfortunately I don't know what they were, so this review is kind of pointless, but it helps to remind me that I like Traif now.
I've been here a few times and have always loved it. Our most recent visit wasn't the Traif I remember. Writing reviews is all about visiting a place a few times and hoping the magic is still there and being thankful when it still is. All the dishes I've loved were missing something my last visit. I still want to give it another try before making a final decision, but this place still has a piece of my heart.
Waited an hour to be seated for our 8:30 reservation because the hostess "forgot" us.  Not sure what all the hype is about. Nothing special and overpriced. Portions are tiny! They say dishes are meant to be shared, but how do you share a Kobe slider? Service is very slow
The food here is absolutely phenomenal and I don't throw that word around often.  The tuna tartar with fried eggplant was to die for as were the bacon donuts.  I love that the dishes are mostly served on small plates so you can get a ton of them and share.  Some of the other dishes that really stood out were: stuffed dates with blue cheese, strawberry glazed bbq ribs and pork sliders.  I had to take off one star for the bad experience we had with their service.  We sat at the bar and as we were getting ready to order the waiter comes up to us and says, "I can take your menus?".  We didn't really understand what was happening but assumed that maybe sitting at the bar means you automatically get the chef's tasting, so we gave up our menus.  Twenty minutes goes by with no food in sight so we catch the waiters attention and as he comes up to us he says, "Did I take your order?"  Ummm, not only did you not take our order but for some strange reason you came and took away our menus.  It was really odd.  Thankfully we weren't in a rush and even got to chat with the chef and watch him cook in the open kitchen nonetheless that's a pretty bizarre mistake to make.
I've gone to Traif many times but I'm finally getting a chance to write a review.  Food here is absolutely delicious,  can't go wrong with any dish you pick.  My favorites are the BBQ Braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli and Seared Foie Gras with Yukon potatoes, bacon, sunny egg, and topped with hot sauce and maple.  Finally,  I've just been stuck on one dessert and haven't really tried anything else. All you need to know is Bacon Doughnuts with coffee ice cream!!  Bacon.. Doughnuts.. Coffee Ice cream.. Can't ever go wrong!!
On my most recent visit I had the lamb and truffle toast with sauteed broccoli rabe and portabello mushrooms. YOU MUST ORDER THESE 2 DISHES. The truffle toast is probably my favorite dish there next to the bacon donuts!
Let's cut right to the chase - the food here is awesome and the vibe is clean and unpretentious. The menu offers mostly tapas selections as well as a handful of larger dishes. My fiance and I ordered 4 tapas and 1 dessert. We were pretty satisfied, but if you're really hungry, don't hesitate to order one or two more small plates. You won't get a cheap meal here, but the prices are reasonable and the quality and freshness of the food is worth it. Also, as the restaurant started getting busier, the service got a little slow. Nothing obnoxious or unbearable, though! The food was delicious, honest, and well executed. The vibe was easy going, and the staff seemed genuinely nice. Overall, a positive experience. One last thing - we sat in the back garden. It was beautiful, but we got a few mosquito bites. Don't let this stop you. Just sit inside or use bug spray :)
Oh man, I am really on the fence about this place.  I've been twice and about 2/3rds of the food I've had were incredible while others were just ok.  My first time was pleasant with some hit or miss dishes and the second visit ended in DISASTER because of the waitress and her butter (or bacon grease) fingers. Food: 3.7 stars Service: 1 star The first time I went I had a difficult time finding the place, it isn't well lit outside or in. The ambiance was lovely although you'd think the restaurant would want to play up on that and light up their nicely decorated restaurant but instead it's very dim. Ok, and now a break down of the dishes... Both times we were started off with a shot of Bacon Broth with was incredibly tasty and left me wondering how I could possibly make this at home.   Seared Scallops: On my first visit they were nothing short of amazing.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned, if I could have gotten away with it I would have stolen these off of my friends plate. The second time I went they were a little over done.  Seared just a little too long and a bit tough on the outside, not to mention the flavor was just not what I remember. Hit or miss. Crispy Chicken Wings: I was really disappointed in this dish. It was not crispy at all when we received it and the sauce was nothing spectacular, too sweet and kind of a boring flavor to it. I've had better wings at divey whole in the wall generic Chinese places. Tuna Tartare: I really, really enjoyed this meal and if/next time I go back I'll definitely order it again. I've craved it a few times since having it. I don't exactly know how to describe the flavors going on in this but, simply put, it was just fantastic. For a second I thought I had a chance to enjoy the whole thing to myself, because my boyfriend is not a fan of fish, but it was so enticing he ended up eating half of it. Dammit!   Chicken and Biscuits: My boyfriend loved this dish, I thought it was pretty good but wasn't as in love with it as he was.  The biscuit was done well, flaky and the perfect absorbent of the gravy on the side.  The chicken was incredibly tender and flavorful.  Very nice.   Bacon Wrapped Dates:  I ended up eating this by myself, my boyfriend wanted nothing to do with the blue cheese after his first bite.  Although I love blue cheese, I've had bacon wrapped dates minus the blue and they are better left without it.  I was a little overwhelmed with the amount of cheese but if you're an extreme lover of blue cheese I recommend it to you. Bacon Donuts: I do not think this could be done any better than it is.  Sweet glazed donuts with bacon bits on top and a scoop of ice cream on the side.  If you're sticking around for desert, order it. Braised Pork Belly:  I didn't think it was possible to have poorly cooked pork belly but this was the toughest piece of pork I've had in years.  Completely flavorless, it was like I was chewing on tree bark.  I hated it and was so disappointed because it was the last dish to arrive with the highest expectation.  I couldn't even finish a piece of it.  I told my boyfriend I wanted to send it back because it was just atrocious.  He didn't want to make a "big deal" about it so he chewed down a few more bites and then also abandoned the meal.  Just terrible! Here is where the previously mentioned DISASTER comes in. To add insult to injury, the waitress who was very quick with me when I asked to be seated in the back patio (she insisted it was full and I thought I saw and empty table but I could have been wrong) was kinda bitchy about it and proceeded to avoid eye contact with me all night and had a slight attitude.  Well, when she was taking the failed attempt at Braised Pork Belly away let the dish slip and then flipped it on to my boyfriends lap! There was pork grease ALL OVER  HIM!!! She gave a very embarrassed apology and then dabbed his lap with napkins.  Um, inappropriate and very unprofessional! She seemed really embarrassed and took it very personally (like she was with a meal on her lap) instead of trying to somehow salvage our dining experience and apologizing profusely. She avoided eye contact with both of us for the rest of the night and did not even offer a round of drinks or desert or anything as compensation. When the bill finally came all she did was take the Braised Pork Belly off the check. Really? You fucking ruin his shoes, leave his legs soaked with pork grease for the remainder of the night, while he's taking it in stride, never gives you shit for it , and insists that "it happens" and all you can do for us is take the one item off the bill? Kinda fucking insulting. Let it be known that Traif does on occasion give free tapas at a cost of ruining your fucking clothes and without even offering to pay for dry cleaning costs! I wanted to raise hell and speak to the manager but my boyfriend insisted that we didn't.  As a server myself, she handled this very unprofessionally.
Definitely one of my best meals in New York. Very innovative and insanely delicious food, creative cocktails and attentive and friendly service. Will definitely recommend to others!
Hubby threw me an amazing birthday dinner here with 13 of our closest friends. This place is quite small, with an even tinier, open kitchen, but the manager was super accommodating about our reservations. We arrived for our 7pm reservations on a Saturday night and were immediately seated by polite, laid-backed, and uniformly attractive servers. I'd never been to the restaurant before, but had heard about it in several reviews and from my younger brother. The space itself is cozy, dim, and quiet enough to talk comfortably with the people next to you. There's a small "garden patio" in the back, where we spied on Mario Batali eating, haha. Every single tapa we had was more amazing than the last (with increasing "heaviness" the further you get into the courses). I don't know if it makes sense to even list them out since I'm pretty sure the menu options change regularly. However, my favorites were the tuna tartar on top of an eggplant fritter and the fried chicken. The braised pork belly sliders with sweet potato fries were also a huge hit as well as the strawberry glazed pork ribs (melt in your mouth texture). Supposedly the chef is Jewish (I wonder how he feels about the big pig and heart emblem for the restaurant) and he threw in a few kosher items to the tasting. EVERYTHING was delicious. The bacon donuts with coffee ice cream at the end was my favorite dessert - such a great riff on a breakfast classic. The wine list here is surprisingly expensive, given the value for the food. I instead opted for one of their excellent $10 cocktails, the "the long count" with old overholt rye, lemon, mole bitters, caramelized pineapple morita shrub. (it was the caramelized pineapple that won me over). Highly recommend! I especially loved the refreshing little ice chunks that were in it. I also tried "the dutch apple cider" which was also good, but not quite as good as the long count. Because we were a larger party, we were given the $40/pp 9 course tasting meal + 2 desserts. Really great value for an exceptional meal. Our one note of complaint is that they were having trouble with their credit card machine at the end of the night and it took 30 minutes to sort it out. Kind of a drag since we were trying to get out of there, but I don't think it was the server's fault.
OMG! One of the best in NYC for sure! First time I saw the menu I thought I will not love the food! In fact, I love everything there even foods that I do not eat!!! It is the perfect alchemy of tastes! My favorite! We even choose our apartment to be close to it! :-)
On Christmas went to see a movie and  got lunch at zabar  but i was missing something. Chinese Christmas at Traif. This is why Traif is my favorite restaurant.   Duck wonton soup: Wontons, braised leg, crispy skin, sesame , cranberry Crispy Hampshire pork dumplings, ginger, scallion, sesame, passion fruit soy Chinese red barbecue glazed baby back pork ribs 'hot pot' of baby octopus, mussels, cockles bok choy black beans sauce crispy , confit chicken wings, five spice glaze "fried rice" rock shrimp bacon , pineapple, barley black rice noodles, braised short ribs broccoli rabe, sweet soy sweet-sour Berkshire pork belly lychees , bell peppers black pepper- caramel scallops, long beans, tomatoes, mint cashew sweetbread, snow peas shao hsing garlic sauce. spicy garlic-chile chinese eggplant everything was amazing wish Christmas was every week.   or a Sunday Chinese dinner at Traif will be amazing.  If not will be there next year.
I want Traif to be my favorite restaurant but it just swings and misses on some dishes some times.  I have been here a half dozen times now, and there is always one dish, whether it's the tasting menu or a la carte, that i completely do not like or is cooked wrong. Also, the wine list does not do the food any justice :(   That being said this place is amazing and the other 3-5 dishes those nights are incredible, the foie gras with egg bacon maple and hot sauce was the single best bite of food I've had all year.  Im just so happy that this place and Xixa exist!
Love this place.. The vibe is always great and the food is outstanding, this is a regular spot for me, I always get the pork belly and the mac and cheese which is amazing.  I figured since I'm always here I should support  with a positive review.  And also not so bad on the wallet
Traif is a good way to pig out and eat the most unkosher of foods. All plates are generally four of an item, so between entree and tapas size dishes. Their menu changes a bit here and there, but it's great to go with a couple of people so you can try many dishes. And make sure to leave room for dessert. Food coma afterwards? That's the bare minimum. Probably a food baby too.
Went here with a bunch of girlfriends and they seated us outside which was so beautifully adorned with these delicate little lights... Anyway two things should command your immediate attention; bacon donuts and strawberry glazed ribs. That is all.
I CAN. NOT. say enough about both the food and the service at this restaurant. I did the $40 chef's tasting menu last Saturday for a bachelorette party of 11 girls. I worked with both Kristen and Heather who were very communicative, amenable and accommodating. SERVICE: A girl at my party is allergic to Nuts, Sesame, Poppy, Curry, Coconut, Quinoa, Eggplant, Mushroom, and Shellfish. Not an easy guest!! The team at Traif was completely game and catered the menu to her needs without reservation. They even emailed her the list of dishes ahead of time. They also went above and beyond by identifying her when we sat down, introducing themselves, alerting her to which dishes she couldn't eat, and bringing her her own pasta extra entree, free of charge. This on top of serving 10 other girls. The whole thing was totally seamless.  I COULD NOT have asked for a better experience. FOOD: Every single thing was beyond delicious. Our menu was as follows: -red lentil soup -macintosh apples, greens, cranberries, bacon, blue cheese, dijon vin. -strawberry-cinnamon glazed berkshire baby back ribs -baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, crostini -bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli -seared scallops and tuna tartare -sweetbreads schnitzel, cinnamon spaetzle, parsnips, haricot, paprika, sherry             -quail 'n' biscuits: buttermilk-crust, sausage gravy, bacon-corn biscuits, honey -braised hampshire pork cheeks, long-cooked broccoli, creamy parmesan polenta -bacon donuts -pane cotta Just rereading that is making me hungry. One of the best meal's I've ever had. I can't recommend it more highly.
so went to traif on a tuesday night and the place was packed...good for them...i dont know how...the service was great..but i was just very turned off by the size of the portions of food...cmon seriously $17 for 4 scallops and sprinkles of risotto...after i seen that dish come out....i was out....so yea i dont see myself comming  back here..
Amazing food, specially scallops, pig tails and apple salad. To finish, order the lime pie.
Why 4 stars? Because it was a hipster haven, hold the 'tude!   ---   ---   --- The most impressive thing to me about Traif, was that it had every excuse to consist of angry hipster employees... but the customer service was more like what you'd expect at The Capital Grille or something. We showed up in a group of 6, and were waiting on one more to arrive. Traif is relatively on the quieter side of restaurants, which made it awkward/hilarious when our 7th friend showed up loud, annoyed, and wet. He had gotten lost on the way, and it was raining... so he was loving life. He was loudly complaining about the restaurant, as a server was standing right behind him waiting to greet him with a menu. Classic sitcom stuff. Deja-vu that moment, as he was looking over the menu, complaining about its weirdness, as the server had walked back to take our order. But for the rest of us... we just mass-ordered these small plates and went to town on them. From what I can remember, we ordered the bbq braised short rib sliders, seared foie, sauted veal sweetbreads, and the coffee ice cream and bacon doughnuts. There was by far more, but that's what I have pictures of. Some things were phenomenal, some were ok... but I couldn't believe how friendly the employees were. C'mon, a trendy tapas spot in Brooklyn (hipster HQ)... you'd think the service would be one step above Dick's Last Resort, but they couldn't have been more accommodating for our difficult group.
This place is ridiculously good. Just walk in and let your taste-buds be intoxified with flavors you never thought where possible. The sampler menu is a great way to start but you just have to try the whole menu. There is intense thought behind every dish and you just have to prepare yourself for the journey!!!!
came with a group of eight and was mandated to get a prefix nine course meal for fifty dollar a person.. a bit over priced in my opinion but we got to swap out some dishes for ones we really wanted to try..I wished I swapped out some of the pork for seafood or something else .. there was like five or six pork dishes in a nine course meal.. our bill came out to be $522 with tips.. like I said I would have very much preferred to order my own dish but the food are solid I would recommend this place
best small plates joint ive been to... we didnt know how "small" the small plates were going to be, so we ordered 3 each among 3 people.. which was way more than enough... two would have been suffice.. plus dessert... heres what we ordered: - pork belly - yummy bursts of flavor.. crispy.. but not the usual melty buttery pork belly goodness i was expecting - steak tartar and bone marrow... delish and buttery.. - squid in ink - by far my favorite.. so effing good.. cant stop thinking about it.. the one i just had at tia pol does not even come close... - hamachi carpaccio - good! - tuna tartar on eggplant - loved it.. best way to serve it! - mozz with strawberry and pomegrante - surprisingly delicious!! - pork cheeks - moist n meaty! - sweatbreads - honestly couldnt enjoy this.. we were way overstuffed by the time it came out, but came with these yummy fried lemon slices - cant recall the last one... mustve been one if the specials.. unfortunately.. sadly.. regrettingly.. we were so overstuffed that we did not get to try the rockstar bacon donuts.. we did watch other people eat them.. they were smiiling and nodding and digging into their plates like they have never been fed before... i plan on making a repeat trip just for the bacon donuts alone... the best place for small plates for quality.. flavor.. the amount of food.. and the menu variety (one of my friends gave up meat for lent, but still left stuffed!).. cant wait for my next visit..!
i went here pretty late on a weeknight with my friend. i have only the best things to say about their service and staff and chefs. it all fit so perfectly together... the way that everything was served, the lighting, the varied textures and the tastes oh my goodness, the elegant-yet-unpretentious presentations, the bacon donuts... ohhh i can't stop thinking about it now.
I don't need to repeat what others have said. Just wanted to add another five star review for this place, because it truly stands out among other restaurants in NYC for the innovation of the dishes, the service, atmosphere, everything. I will go back again!
I am in love with Traif. It is great to have a restaurant of this caliber in Brooklyn. A cute and casual ambiance set the tone for a relaxing dining experience. The service is and food are on par with high end American New restaurants but with a Brooklyn price tag - how could you not love it?! The highlights of my meal were the tuna tartare and the bacon donuts with dulce de leche ice cream. They had my heart at bacon donuts! Other great items include bacon wrapped figs and the chopped chicken livers with balsamic bacon toasts, rosemary and shallots. I will definitely make another trip to Traif for the tasting menu.
A large party of us got the 9-course, 3-dessert treatment. I think it was definitely a worthwhile experience. Although few of the individual dishes, in my opinion, were unique or very interesting, as a whole the banquet worked well and as a meal deserves a place in the book of gastronomy (as written by me anyway). Highlights included seared hamachi over quinoa, a very interesting bacon-wrapped whole trout, accompanied by barley and braised red cabbage, and, inevitably, the short rib sliders. Skate cheeks, fried, and topped with snow peas and mushrooms, were also impeccably done, tender, juicy- and yet were the prime example of how something executed well did not excite me to bits. Ditto for a dish of spicy, shell-on jumbo prawns on top of garlicky fried toast. I puzzled over this. To a certain extent it's how I would cook at home if I had all the equipment I wanted to buy and good classical training? I wonder if it's a matter of portioning. A dish of fried oysters, hush puppies with "Old Bay Aioli" did not excite, for the simple matter that the oysters were miniscule. No juice dripped from my teeth onto my tongue, nor words of praise. After that, it didn't matter that the Hush Puppies were fried well or even delicious. As I write this, I compare the meal in my mind to the tasting menu at Cagen, and then the one at Momofuku Ko. Now, arguably, I paid a lot more for those meals. In fact, despite my regular principle of not thinking about the price, I cannot help but think that I got a lot of pretty good quality food for what I paid. Yet, price aside, the objectives of the three menus seem to be similar, and Traif is coming up short. Would I be happier if I had two, rather than one, prawn to eat? I couldn't even control the portion size- this is what you get if you get the large-format meal. If you have 12 people, you can get three bowls, four prawns in each bowl, one prawn each per person. Perhaps it's hard to develop a strongly positive opinion about anything if you don't get much of it. But again, as I said earlier, as a whole the meal seemed good. Therefore, it still retains four stars.
I have nothing bad to say at all. The food was spot on we tried 5 things and my least favorite were the sliders but that's no knock on them. The ribs are the star of the menu.
absolutely love this place, though they need to bring back their salt and pepper shrimp! food and drinks have always been terrific and the ambiance is perfect. almost always end up ordering too much food, however with flavors like theirs i'm not complaining! if only i lived closer
My best friend lives about a 10 minute walk away and our visit from SF brought us to Traif. We arrived around 8:00pm on a Saturday night without a reservation and they didn't have any availability for a table until 10:30pm. However, they did have a couple of seats at the counter if we were interested so of course we leapt at the opportunity. Ambiance: it's very dark in here, cozy, perfect for a date night. Unfortunately sitting at the bar with stools with no backs and no place to hang our purses, it was tricky to have to eat with our purse on our lap the whole time! I would have to say the timing of the food was not the most ideal. Sometimes 2 things would come out but then there were times when we waited for awhile before anything came out. Food: 3 of us ordered about 6 different dishes: Carrot salad: We enjoyed this, the crunchiness and flavors were refreshing to the palate Seared dayboat Scallops: although the scallops were seared to the right temperature, the sauce was too sweet. Seared butterfish: This was ok, we have had butterfish in hawaii before and it melts in your mouth but even though it was seared well, the sauce seemed a bit too acidic for this fish. Hampshire pork belly: Way to heavy, even to share with the three of us, it felt really fatty We had waited for our sliders for a very long time after everything else came so we decided to cancel it. According to my party,one of the cocktail drinks was very good but the other one was a miss. So all in all, I appreciated being seated on a very busy Saturday night but can't say that I will be wanting to come back to Traif if I am eating in Williamsburg.
Great Restaurant for foodies looking to enjoy a bunch of small plates. If your going with a larger group it's definitely easier to order the chefs selection at $50 per person  and let them do the work, but I prefer to pick a bunch of stuff off the menu since there's so much variety. The menu changes day to day but some of my favorites are the short rib sliders, Munster cheese dip and pretty much any version of pork belly they're serving. Reservations are a must since it's a small place.
Let's be honest - I live on the Upper West Side and I traveled on the J train to the Marcy Ave. stop to get to Traif (3 times now) for this amazingness. I honestly would go on the J train at 2am, alone and bring my own utensils as protection if I found out Traif was closing the next day. It however will never come to that because this gem is not going anywhere. Brunch and dinner are both spectacular and everything on the menu seriously made me a believer that my next 'hood could very well be Williamsburg. Seriously - make the trip, Manhattanistas - it's quite lovely over there! Let's just get down to it - the cocktails are insanity.The Rude Little Pig cocktail - tequila, pomegranite, cointreau, and a bacon salt rim? ONLY MY 4 FAVORITE THINGS EVER! The spritz is also a phenomenal hangover cocktail - cava, aperol, orange - refreshed and revitalized yet? On to the food - You MUST try the chicken and biscuits, the roasted carrots, and the bacon doughnuts. For dinner, try the tasting menu - you won't be disappointed and for $45 a person, it is a steal. Oh, did I mention Traif is surprisingly affordable for the quality and creativity of the menu? Well, it is. BONUS - heated outdoor patio seating! Like it could get any better, it's 20 degrees outside, but I'm toasty inside my semi-private patio drinking luxe cocktails and noshing on fried chicken. Reason enough to come back? I think so. Friendly service and there isn't any of that "I can smell you live in Manhattan" attitude that sometimes permeates among Brooklyn's "service community." No, none of that at all. IN LOVE.
My taste buds are STILL partying. Best meal, by far, that I have had in a very long time. Today is my birthday and wanted to meet a friend for something that neither of us have tried. I saw the high ratings that this place was given and since she lives near Traif, I chose this spot for my birthday dinner. They start you off with a complimentary watermelon gazpacho to clense your palate. I thought to myself "if this is any indication of what is to come, we are in for a real treat". Phenomenal taste. We ordered the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs, the bbq braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries and a crock of chorizo and cheese with apples and crostini. Where do I begin? The glaze on the ribs was like nothing that I have ever tasted. It was like french toast! The meat fell off the bone and what a combo the flavors are, I never would have dreamed of putting them together. It worked beautifully. The pork in the sliders was melt-in-your-mouth tender and the dipping sauce for the fries was a paprika aoli...best dip ever, I want to put it on everything that I eat from now on. The chorizo and cheese, to die for. You put a slice of green apple on a perfectly baked crostini and spoon the chorizo and cheese over the top. It makes for a heavenly bite, the layers of flavor...scrumptous! At the end of the meal they serve you a complimentary piece of watermelon dribbled with some sort of sauce, again to clense the palate.  Very attentive waitress and busser, great ambiance and the food is something unforgettable. I'll be returning here - OFTEN. My friend that lives nearby also said that it was the best meal that she has had in a long time and is excited to know that she lives nearby and can return frequently.
i call BS on all the previous RECENT ratings.  This place is overrated and overpriced. and it takes itself way to seriously for the prices it charges. does not deserve any of the 5 star ratings. those people mustve discovered some new kinda crack.  I'm giving it a 2 out of 5 on overall experience.... the food was ok.  incredibly small servings and I get this whole "we design our stuff to b shared" philosophy.  my ass to be shared , there wasn't enough to share.  don't come hungry, you'll be craving cup ramen when you get home. Food: Our group started off with a cheese platter (nothing special), tuna tartare (very pedestrian, 4 pieces, very little underseasoned tuna on tempura fried eggplant)..... moved on to the pork sliders (they were good, cloyingly sweet, but i like that, no smoke flavor as a bbq pork slider should) , then sweetbreads (good, but the asparagus wasn't prepped proper, too stringy probably only used old asparagus or the stalks), shrimp (was good, but u can get the same sweet and sour flavor out of a pf changs frozen dinner pack), 6 piece chicken wings (good, but how can you mess up chicken wings), lamb "bits" (i call them bits cuz there were 5 pieces of chewy lamb, flavor was good if you like lamb), pork cheeks (reminiscent of the texture of chinese bbq pork if you've had it, if you haven't, pork cheeks were tender, sweet glaze on it, was a pleasant well executed dish)... finished off with desserts of course.  Bacon doughnuts (like the restaurant, OVERRATED.. there 5 donuts with baco-bits on top, c'mon TRAIF), nutella mousse (was ok, comparable to nutella folded into cool whip and put in the blast freezer), panna cotta (pedestrian gelatinous production).. service:  our waitress was a sweetheart, give her props, very attentive. would go back just for her. water was always filled up.  when we first got there at 550 for a 6pm reservation they wouldnt let us in and made us wait in the cold in the mudroom.  who does that?  we were the first to get there and all I got was nasty looks by this witch who repeated "we open at 6"  .. two times mind you.  we werent the only ones, they made two other parties wait outside in the cold as well.  call that what you will, no restaurant should ever turn away its guests, i don't care how popular your yelp page says you are.. service is king. Let me tell you all, that I was excited to finally try this place, but after this experience I will NOT be returning. There just isn't enough to have me be back. I tried to be fair with my rating but I am very disappointed.
Came here with some friends last Friday night. Getting in: - Called up and got a reservation for 5 a few days in advance - Table wasn't ready on time, no big deal we went around the corner to Post Office Atmosphere: - Great vibe, lighting - a cool, laid back place - Medium sized place with a back areas that they have winterized Service: - Service was great Food: - We had the tasting menu (9 or so courses) and were able to substitute in some items off the a la carte menu - Food was fantastic, inventive and among one of the best meals I've had in a long time. It really deserves the 5 stars - Exceptional items include: the short rib sliders, pork belly, spare ribs, scallops, lobster risotto and the bacon glazed donuts - Still great but not my favorite: the shrimp - We loved the sliders and ribs so much we ordered another round of each before desert Other: - Served family style - Plates are small so order more than you think
To be honest, I was underwhelmed. Between all the hype from my friends and the overwhelmingly positive reviews on Yelp, I expected more! While the service deserves 5 stars, the various tapas were not consistent. Yes, the strawberry ribs, pork slides and soft shell crabs were delicious, but the scallops & prawns were pretty sub par. I had no issues making a reservation and our table was in the back patio, so we had no issues with noise or heat. Oh yes and the donuts were quite tasty as well, as practically every other review mentions. If you stick to what's consistently mentioned as being yummy...you'll prob enjoy yourself......but there are def very unimpressive things on the menu that I'd avoid. I doubt I'll be back.
These guys know what they're doing around a stove. Seriously. We enjoyed their small plates so much, we ordered every single one of them and still wanted more, more, more. Been there three times and have not had the same dish twice. Yet have not had one dish we did not love. The food is amazingly inventive. Sophisticated yet simple.  Bursting with unfamiliar combinations of flavors that suddenly make so much sense. Like, how'd they think of that?? Just go.
Had dinner with four other friends there last night. A quiet, low key restaurant hidden right off the Williamsburg bridge. The atmosphere was decent and the service was friendly. The plates had a few spin offs that were interesting at most, other than that it's nothing out of the ordinary, but I did like the vanilla panna cotta! Overall it was a good experience less the ridiculous price that we paid for such a small amount of food. There were five of us and the bill can out to be $370, which is huge for a 2 dollar sign restaurant - $74 per person.
walked in (waited for 30 minutes in a bar near by), place is packed! i had to try... i was surprised how good this place is! and more from their tiny kitchen. the dishes were great.. with nice wine selection. i will be back!
This place is amazing beyond words. Top 5 meals of my entire life. This is where my fiancé brought his sister for her birthday, so I got to tag along and I'm glad I did. We had a reservation, but were seated immediately and the place was at a lull. It's quickly filled up, and after the meal, I understood why. The service was incredible. No more than 2 plates on the table at a time, water glasses always full, and never more than 5 minutes in between dishes being brought to the table. The three of us decided to pick 9 different dishes. They were all amazing, but there were obvious stand-outs. 1. Spicy big-eye tuna tartar over tempura Japanese eggplant. Delicious and well thought out. A little too spicy for my taste, but the eggplant was great. 2. Salt and pepper shrimp. Delectable! Shrimp were perfectly cooked and the accompaniments were tasty. 3. Pork belly. Yummy! Some of the best pork belly I've ever had. 4. Baked muenster cheese. Addicting. Velvety, melty, gooey cheese. How could you go wrong? 5. Short rib slider. So good! A little spicy, but the Gouda cheese paired well with it. The sweet potato fries were incredible as was the aioli paired with the dish. 6. Scallops. The scallops were perfectly cooked, but I wasn't crazy about the items it was paired with. 7. Sweetbreads. Oh my god. They were amazing. Best I have ever had and it's made me want to try them at different places to see how they'll measure up. 8. Foie gras. Holy living God. Best dish of the night. The maple and hot sauce went together perfectly. Egg cooked perfectly and the potatoes were delicious. 9. Bacon donuts. They're as good as they sound. I, personally, think the coffee ice cream was a little overpowering, but it was still good. Food was great, service was great, and prices were great. What more do you want? If you're looking for a serious meal for the right price, this is it. I encourage bringing more people with you, so you can try more things!
This restaurant is extremely overrated.  Thought about giving it 1 star. A few of the dishes were good, some were not good, and a lot fell into the bin of "just okay".  At a restaurant like this, I'm expecting to be impressed with and enjoy eating the majority of the dishes.  [I know that if I'm trying a lot of dishes at a restaurant, there might be some I don't like, not because they weren't done well, but because I personally happen not to dig those particular flavors or am just not in the mood for them.  It wasn't this sort of dislike going on here.] In particular, I thought the well-photographed ribs and the tempura blowfish tails weren't good.  On the other side, I thought the salt and pepper shrimp were very tasty. Why bother ordering the ribs?   Buy take-out ribs from almost anywhere in the city, reheat them in the microwave and then stir them in a saucepan with with a blend of cinnamon, maple syrup, and ketchup. Garnish with a cross-section of a strawberry. I had a similar issue with the sliders. I remember thinking that the meat in them tasted like someone had dumped a container of tiramisu into a pot of braised meat that they had otherwise followed the recipe for. Finally one last point.  The ingredients and the preparations make most of their dishes unhealthy.  If you are like me, you're down to eat unhealthy food if it's  delicious, but prefer not to when it's not.
Ok, this place has a super cool energy. + the food was good. However, can only give it four stars because my old friend and I waited like.... a total of 4 hours for our food!!!!!!! EHHHH sorry but we ended up being late to see a friends' show and all in all, under-impressed! I had the octopus paella and holy shits was it delicioso. Very well prepared! Not too spicy and perfectly seasoned. My girlfriend had the duck which was also very good. The waiter made us order a few extra items which we weren't shore of, but DAMYn it was all sooo tasty. we had a great time. Woth the hype! If only they didn't leave us with an empty bottle for like, twenty minutes!???? Wahtever!
Sorry but I don't know what all the hype is about this place. This place is a converted diner. The chef cooks on a griddle behind the counter. Our server was nice but not savvy.  I asked her for a bottle of wine that was full bodied and robust and she said she had the perfect one for us. Needless to say that was the cheapest and thinnest wine I have ever tasted. I would probably go back to try some other dishes on the menu but there's no rush.
This place is consistently the best.  I've been here 3 times and every time I want to go back the next day.  Small plates, bacon doughnuts, strawberry ribs.  Always fantastic.  By far my fav restaurant in Williamsburg.
After spending a long weekend in NYC, the award for best dish was a tie between the miso black cod from Nobu and the butterfish from here at Traif. Pretty high marks after going to lots of great NY restaurants. After mistakenly going into XIXA, Traif's sister restaurant, we found Traif and were promptly seated. Traif was jam packed on a Friday night and had a great energy. Small open kitchen where you can see all the magic happen. How one chef and his assistants can cook for so many people still baffles me. You must get the butterfish. Like it's name, it was buttery soft with a bit of avocado and a really flavorful oil. Should have ordered a few of these but it was worth it to try some more of the menu. The pork belly was perfectly cooked and a large portion. Hard to cut since it was a slab, but otherwise excellent. One scallop I ate contained a giant piece of sand or something else that was hard, which ruined the experience for me, but otherwise I didn't find the dish cooked well or that flavorful anyways. The sliders were pretty standard. Very sweet with soft short rib. The cockels were the most interesting dish we had. Though my date loved them, I wasn't a fan of the broth. You don't see cockels on most menus, so if you like them I'd say go for it. Traif provided a pretty excellent meal for a good price. Lots of interesting and unique items for anyone's taste.
I'm afraid Yelpers, we've got this place all wrong.  I called on a Tuesday and asked how long the wait would be for three people; they said they had several tables available.  We walked in no more than ten minutes later and the wait was now an hour.  Strike one.   We have a seat at the bar, and they say a table actually is just on dessert.  Order a drink, don't order food, and we'll get you seated real quick.  Literally an hour goes by, it's now 10 p.m., and there's no apology.  Strike two. We get seated, order food, and are told we've probably only ordered half as much as we should.  Would we like three or four more dishes?  Let's start with these, thanks.  Okay, but if you don't order now, those later dishes will take 30-40 minutes each to make.  Sorry, what? The food comes out and it's just mediocre.  Burrata that's not that special.  Sliders that look sad.  Pork chops with too much mustard.  And everything oversalted.  We were stuffed (didn't need to order twice as much it turns out) and totally underwhelmed.  Strike three.
What are you paying for at Traif?  Is it the food, the service, the ambiance, the Williamsburg cache, just a good time...or what? I've been twice and the common theme and what I've loved between both visits has been the food. The odd combinations of quality ingredients, the consistent, and "as-intended" cooking technique,  the smaller plates = you/your party-can-sample-more-variety allure...all amount to uncommonly delicious, satisfying food. So why the two stars?  Last year I went for my birthday with my girlfriend and this year, did the same. However, both experiences were incredibly different, like night and day. Last time, our waitress was attentive, considerate, willing to sweeten up a cocktail if too boozy, and on top of the order of plates. We sat right by the entrance, right by the constant flow of patrons moving in or out and yet that never seemed to become a distraction. This time was just a little different. You might think I'm fussy or spoiled based on my complaints and I might understand but let me just tell you how even if the food is amazing somewhere, the service can suck, and the experience overall can be mixed at best and at worst...well...at worst, the service can make appreciating what should be appreciated difficult, if not impossible. We were seated in the back left of the main room, right next to a table of I think eight. Our waitress, Whitney, was ok, but it seemed liked she was the point person for every table in the entire room, like as if THAT was her shift. Not the back garden area, the entire room inside. Maybe 20 to 30 customers, that's all?! Sure, there were servers refilling water glasses, taking away menus, dropping off plates, literally running beside tables to do any of these things, and bumping into my girlfriend or anyone else to get to another table nearby but poor Whitney was the one to take orders, deliver drinks, and oversee tables.   We ordered the second item on the menu, a "tricolore" salad, among five other things and it arrived first. But you know what arrived second? Basically a pork entree that should have been last...and it was delivered by one of the servers who obviously didn't look at our table and realize that a salad was there and that we were at the beginning of the meal, not the "crescendo". So reader...do you tell them to send it back or do you roll with it? We rolled, since we were baffled and starving. Thing is, when you roll, sometimes you regret. And I regretted because we missed our opportunity to question what the servers or Whitney or Traif were doing. Why should it be our job to manage the order of the plates? Why should I have to politely tell them they screwed up, which I should have, or say whatever other possibly annoying shit to the waitress when we're there to pay to experience pleasure by eating food prepared and delivered  by professionals in presumably a certain order? During and after that bit, the food itself was outstanding, which because of the service annoyances became a fight to realize. The service never really recovered either. No waiter or server acknowledged the pork entree's premature appearance, I ordered a French 75 and was told they couldn't make it because they didn't have pineapple juice (!) even though they ended the meal with pineapple chunks (?), I had to tell a server not to take away the container with the Chicken Liver because I wasn't finished, and a waiter in a rush angled around another table to throw bacon donuts on our table. Delicate, right? There are just too many servers trying to drop/take away plates or pour water than there are waitresses or waiters to pay careful attention to you or the quality of your experience. And there are too many tables crammed inside together, which makes bumps and jostling a stupid reality between patrons and staff. With just one waitress to manage all tables, we were genuinely asked how things were going at the beginning of the meal and the end and that's it. Traif has a food-concept which it does execute well, but you might later realize it's also executing a business plan underpinned by what seems like a rigorous cost-benefit analysis. No, I don't blame Whitney or the servers, I blame the owners and the work environment they've created. Why are servers just trying to expedite the flow of everything? Why did it seem like only one waitress was taking orders, delivering drinks, and checking up on a room full of patrons on a BUSY Friday night (May 23rd)? Why are there so many tables crowded in one room with just one waitress? Have the owners earned their investment in the restaurant back yet...cause if they have, why don't they slow down the pace in the kitchen, take out a few tables in the main dining room, and hire a few more waiters or waitresses? Also, why are only larger tables sitting outside in the garden area -if Traif makes more money off of presumably larger parties, are they just more valuable to them and therefore more deserving of a better seat?
Flexible atmosphere that can be good for dates, friends, and family. Good service, incredible food. Their menu is set up so that there aren't any categories, just a list of dishes ranging from appetizer-sized plates to full entree proportions, probably because family-style sharing is the standard here. I went with a friend on a Saturday night, and while it was pretty busy, we only had to wait about 8 minutes before we were seated. Started off with cocktails -- I had the Dutch Apple cider (delicious), and my friend got the Rude Little Pig. A warning for the curious drinkers: the Little Pig's bacon rim is not for the faint of heart. This is one of those drinks that's enticing by virtue of its crazy combination (lapsang-infused tequila, orange liqueur, pomegranate, bacon rim), but the bacon and salt rim + sugary drink can be a little jarring at first taste. My friend definitely started to enjoy the drink more once the bacon was gone. Still, no regrets. Waitress recommended 4-5 plates to share between the two of us; we got 4 and were still stuffed by the end: - tempura of royal trumpet mushrooms, truffle honey & ponzu, orange-sesame: light and delicious. The ponzu sauce really did it for me. - hampshire pork belly, hearts of palm, bacon, snow peas, cauliflower, mango: don't quite remember the mango, but the pork belly itself was tender, juicy, and had the perfect amount of flavorful fat. - baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, crostini: Would never have thought of this combination, but it's incredible. The chorizo is baked into the cheese dish, and you can easily spoon it onto the crostini and top it off with a crisp apple slice. - sauteed broccoli rabe, portabello mushrooms, truffle toast, fried egg, aged asiago: this one's for all the breakfast lovers. The truffle toast is nice and soft under the fried egg, and truffle flavor seeps down under to bathe the broccoli rabe Dessert: - of course, had to get the bacon doughnuts. Didn't actually taste the bacon all that much, but the coffee ice cream was a nice touch, and who doesn't like fried dough? - nutella mousse - loved the nutella portion, but the rest wasn't anything to write home about. If you're trying to choose between the two, you can't really go wrong either way. I preferred the doughnuts, my friend preferred the nutella mousse, if that counts for anything. Price: At first glance, these prices seem pretty reasonable with most dishes falling under $10, but realize that you're probably going to be ordering at least 4 of them, and they definitely add up (and that's not even including drinks, $10-$12, and desserts, ~$7). For the two of us, our final bill ended up being around $100.. needless to say, not my most affordable meal, but still, entirely worth it. Would definitely return and recommend.
I was hesitant to do a review for this place because it seems to be getting so crowded lately. I wanna tell everyone it sucks so I don't have to wait as long for a table... but yelp is all about being honest, right?! So to be completely honest I'm a huge fan of Traif! I've been here 4 times and every time I go it's better and better. I really love sitting outside when the weather is nice, they have a really cute back yard. The dinner is really good but I definitely prefer going here for brunch. The scrambled eggs with lobster are to die for! So are the chicken and biscuits. Soooo soooo good! The brunch portions seem much larger than the dinner ones so if you don't like nibbling on small plates and want something more substantial then go for brunch. But dinner is fabulous too, you just need to order more. Oh and don't forget to save room for the bacon doughnuts... words cannot describe this heavenly dessert
Fantastic service and really fun and tasty food. My parents came into town but accidentally took a detour and were 40 minutes late. I had a reservation and the hostesses were so sweet to save the table for us, kind of unheard of on a busy Friday around 630/7p. From the website I didn't know that it was tapas. Our server was wonderful and she recommended 6-8 plates for the three of us to share. We got 6 plus dessert, yum....And it was surprisingly filling! I would definitely go back.
So on a high level: the food was 75% great, the rest was frustrating. Food: The three stars are for the food. The portions are tiny but really flavorful. The only disappointing dish was the muscles--they were fishy which means they weren't fresh (shame on Traif for trying to get away with that). Ambiance: Maybe the ambiance would be nice inside, but we were stuck on the patio. Sounds nice, right? We were stuck at the table that shares a wall with the bathroom. Through the frosted glass window, a bright florescent light flicked on and off in our faces every time someone used the loo. For the amount we paid for our meal, I shouldn't have to think about someone taking a piss every 5 minutes. Service: Making a reservation here was infuriating. It was a 3-day game of phone tag, since no one ever answers the phone and they don't use any online system.
This is a pork lover's dream. And I don't eat pork. I absolutely HAD to come to the dark side for this one. A warning though, from the bacon broth, to the bacon sald, to the ribs, to the bacon donuts, this can lead to bacon overload. But who cares, it is all extremely delicious.
I love Traif. The concept makes me giggle, and the execution is flawless. The strawberry ribs taste like the meat version of French toast. The creamed corn which accompanied the perfectly seared scallops almost made me forget my name. The sweetbreads (served with asparagus, maitake mushrooms, and artichokes) were goddamn magical, like fried chicken flavored marshmallows. It was undoubtedly the best meal I've eaten in months. Jason Marcus is a genius.
Ok, this place has amazing food! Hours after the meal, I was STILL impulsively replaying the taste of the black daiquiri and bacon doughnuts in my head. I didn't want the meal to end! The small plate structure of the meal was perfect for me because I love getting to try lots of different dishes at a meal. And I was pleasantly surprised at the decent portion sizes per plate--much more food than I expected for "small plates". After 3 plates I was perfectly full with just enough room for desert. My favorite dishes were the peach salad, strawberry-cinnamon ribs, and bacon doughnuts, though everything was very delicious. We received very attentive service from the waiter and busboys, which was great. The only thing I feel ambivalent about is the slightly odd atmosphere--very casual decor and eighties pop playing, which I found contrasted strangely with the fancy food we were eating! I might have liked a bit of a fancier atmosphere, but then again one of the reasons I loved Traif is that it is pretty darn affordable for what you are getting. So if they choose to make it a casual restaurant to achieve that, so be it!
Deeeeelicious! Came here on a weeknight but this place was still packed. The service was therefore a tad bit slow but very helpful nonetheless. The food was spectacular, especially the bacon donuts - CRAZY GOOD! The vibe is lively and the prices are reasonable. Definitely worth a visit.
Amazing experience, passionate about good tasting food, excellent service, cannot recommend it enough! :) walk down the road and there are a lot of great spots to hang out after!
Here are some of the sample menu dishes we ordered: Spicy, bigeye tuna tartare, tempura eggplant, kecap manis Crispy, braised pork belly, avocado, corn, tomato marmalade BBQ, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries ALL CLEAR WINNERS in my book. The sample dishes were unique, creative, and daring. It reminded me of Danji's sample dishes, which serves Korean fusion food which was best fusion I've tasted yet! My only reservation of this place is the location. It seemed to be in the middle of nowhere.
This place is no joke.  If I could, I would give Traif 8 stars.  This place is by far top 5 on my list of favorite restaurants.  I would eat there everyday if I could.  MUST TRY: munster cheese and chorizo sausage dip, strawberry or pomegranate and cinnamon ribs, frog legs, pork belly, and last but not least, DULCE DE LECHE DONUTS, WITH BACON AND COFFEE GELATO.  I walk out of this place with the biggest smile on my face every time.  I came here the first time with my brother for dinner.  He was very excited to bring me here and I quickly learned why.  Since then I have been back more than five times and bring different friends with me every time.  Each person is always over joyed and satisfied with the meal.  Every person also at some point or another said that this might be the best meal they ever ate.  Like I said, Traif is no joke.  The food is top of the line.  The staff is great, and the place is super cool.  You can see the entire kitchen which is located behind a bar.  One time, the waitress told me the kitchen was closed and i could not order the donuts.  It was 1:45 AM.  While waiting to use the bathroom, which is next to the kitchen area, I told the chef how he is one of my favorites and cooks up some of the best things I have ever ate.  I also told him I was upset my friends could not try the donuts.  He apologized and turned the friers back on.  I felt bad but was excited at the same time.  Within 5 min there was a order of donuts on our table.  They also gave it to us on the house.  This sort of service assured me that this place is by far my favorite restaurant.
amazing chief whoever you are, the taste in every bite is soooo rich with flavor
Three years and 5 meals after on evolving menus served in a loud restaurant with the most ridiculous reservation system ever ... ... I can tell Traif is a solid 10 stars. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­------------ P.S. this is a phone-written review and yelp app says: "This review is shorter than most reviews" ... Seriously
I'm not giving Traif one star for the food. I actually like the food, but was turned off when I saw the chef eating from the same spoon that he was serving from.  That's disgusting.  I really didn't need his backwash.  This makes me wonder about the cleanliness, if in an open kitchen they do this.
Beautiful dinner experience. The food presentation is an art and gorgeous. Everything is a little pricey but worth it.  However, don't come here if you're starving. Everything is tapas and not really filling unless you order a crap load.
I really hate doing this. In fact, I don't think I have ever done this. I hated Traif. I am in literal shock about the 4.5 stars. Are people being followers or do they really feel this place lives up the hype?? Service-- pretentious, flighty, midwest transplant hipster girls with those stupid plastic glasses and hipster bun, mom jeans and sweaters. I'm not judging but this stereotype never fails...they suck. My server told me nothing about the dining style just assumed I was aware. I was. Good for her. After she took our order she never plated us...so I'm sitting with my first dish in front of me and no plates and silverware. When I asked another server for them she rolled her eyes and got them. COOL. Also, the genius forgot to put our last order in and came up to us and asked us if we had received the pasta, we said no, she said it would be a while. That's it. Actually, she said: Ok, it's going to be a while, do you want more drinks?"  NO, WE DON'T.  How about you offer us a round because you're an idiot? I HATE that service like this assumes they will be receiving 20% tip just for taking an order.  I wish I could have given the tip in cash to the busser who was the only positive part of the service. Food-- Flavorless and disappointing. Friends of mine who raved about the restaurant told me we must have went on an off day. That may be true but WOW, it was awful. I think at the price point for small portions, they aren't allowed to have an "off day" I do have to say it was a monday or tuesday night but in my opinion that gives all the more reason for the food to be more quality and seasoned. I don't even have the patience to list the items we ordered and describe the bland nonsense I ate. I don't get. & ,again, for the record I don't like bashing a business but wow. Everyone should just do themselves a favor....skip this place and head to Do or Dine.
Bravo, Traif! Myself & my Girlfriend were sitting around our apartment after a particularly stress filled and trying week. We both decided that now that it had pretty much come to an end and we had survived it we would treat ourselves to something awesome. Traif was the first thing to come to mind as neither of us had ever been and we had heard so much about it. We decided to walk as it was a beautiful evening and we nearly walked right past the place as it is very small and very understated. A young lady standing out front with a clipboard greeted us and asked if we had made a reservation (which we had not). She said that it would be about a 25 - 35 minute wait which we didn't mind as we kind of wanted a drink first anyway. Unfortunately, the restaurant is so small that they actually use the bar as a seating area so it's not the kind of place you can hang out at the bar waiting for a table. They do have a sister restaurant about 4 doors down from them called Xixa where you can go hang out for a drink and the hostess will call you when your table is ready. Thats what we did. We went to Xixa and ordered our drinks and hung out for a bit, The bartender was very nice and told us that we should stop in another time to try their food (which we certainly will). The phone rang and the hostess told us our table was ready so we finished our drinks and headed over. When we arrived at  Traif we were informed that a table for 2 and two seats at the bar/kitchen were available and we could choose. We chose the bar so we could watch the team do there thing and really soak in the atmosphere of the place. We sat down and the cook staff all acknowledged us warmly and a fast talking, animated bartender took our drink orders and gave us menus to look at. We chose the following (they're small plates for the most part and even so, don't judge, we were there to overindulge and celebrate!) (1) Big Eye tuna tartar with Japanese eggplant on a crostini with a sweet soy sauce reduction. (2) Braised pork belly with hearts of palm, cauliflower, peas and mango.(3) Strawberry-cinnamon baby back ribs. (4) Arugula salad. (5) Truffle toast with portobello mushroom gravy, asiago and fried egg. (5) Seared butterfish with braised artichokes, peas, tomato marmalade and olive. (6) Bacon donuts. All of the above came out one after the other and everything was absolutely perfect. The food is seasoned perfectly and plated beautifully. The Big Eye tuna tartar is something I will be dreaming of for weeks to come. Every single bite was pure heaven. The braised pork belly melts in your mouth,  and the strawberry glazed ribs pull right off the bone and are exploding with flavor. The truffle toast, though more suited for breakfast (and what a breakfast it would be!) was absolutely delicious. It's reminiscent of biscuits and gravy.  The butter fish blew my mind. The fish had a nice sear on the outside and med-rare on the inside. Every component on the plate was heaven. Finally, we ordered the bacon donuts to go which didn't  even make it home with us as we ended up devouring them on the walk home! AMAZING! This is the best dining experience I've had in Brooklyn by far. I will definitely be back as often as I can so I can sample more of what these guys are doing. If I could rate it higher, I would.
The best place to go with a group if you enjoy tapas style. Everything we had was drenched in delicious. Highly recommended but definitely have a reservation. And do yourself a favor and just order two of the dates wrapped in bacon.
Traif. How? How do you continue to be so incredible, so reasonably priced, so sexy? GotDAMN. I'm making a reservation for next week. Right. Now. PS: Order the "Cowboy Negroni"
I went here on a date and have to say this meal sealed the deal with this guy who is now my boyfriend.  As a trained chef from the CIA, he was completely giddy at the size of the kitchen and the quality of the cooking being served here.  I was also very impressed being a fanatic of all things food and cooking.  Every dish combined flavors perfectly and got better and better throughout the night.  We had a pleasurable time trying to guess how they came up with some of their combos.   My all time favorite is the broccoli rabe with egg served on toast with truffle sauce.   For anyone that loves eggs this dish is phenomenal.   We loved this place so much that decided it was the spot to take my boyfriend's mom, who is an amazing chef herself, for our first meal.  Some of the highlights were the duck confit, foie gras, the brocolli rabe, tuna on zucchini fried discs and a lovely panna cotta.  Let's just say she was just as impressed with the meal and realized why we took her all the way to Brooklyn.  And when asked what her favorite dish was I was pleasantly surprised to hear it was the brocolli rabe with fried egg!   I guess we both have good taste.  I think it just may be meant to be!  So maybe we'll come back in a year for our anniversary.
The food was amazing. The service was spectacular. I went for brunch and had the chicken gravy biscuit which was more that I could eat but was so Yum.. The waitress was one of the best waitress I have had in years overall this place rocks.
am i the only hater for traif? i really like the setting with the little piglet logo but i was kind of astonished by their high requirements. Luckily we had a party of 7 or else it was mandatory for each of us to have the $40 per person chef special. A friend of mine brought a drink from starbucks and they told her that she was not allowed in with that drink. the waitress told her its because they didnt want to a large company like that to ruin their ambiance. i understand if they didnt want her to drink it while she was attending this great dining event but this was no outside beverage at all. she just bought it before she came so she didnt want to leave it outside and she had to gulp it all down before she sat. I had to tell a friend not to come eat because it was mandatory to have the $40 per person course if there were 8 people or more. we ordered chicken wings, hamburger sliders, spare ribs, tuna eggplant kecap, softshell crab, italian pasta, and fingerlings. spare ribs were a little too sugary and so was the chicken wings. the sliders were good but not for the price. the softshell crab was great too but not for the price. i loved their serving style, it was very family oriented because it came slowly. a small portion of everything but that was also the downfall, the portions were way too small for the price. i expected a lot more from a trendy up and coming area. i believe the bill was about 240. none of the 7 people that went that night went home full after the dining experience. the tip was a mandatory 19.5%, more than a lot of manhattan areas i have ate at.
Loved the food and creativity.  Found the warm dishes better than the cold ones, even though the salads sounded perfectly inviting and were well-executed.   The highlights were bacon-wrapped dates--amazing mix of savory and sweet with a great quinoa to balance it off.  I loved the strawberry-cinnamon baby back ribs--a perfect mix of sweet and spicy and really well done.  Also, the sliders were wonderful--juicy and with amazing sweet potato fries with a smoky paprika aioli that made that dish perfectly balanced.   The only issue I have with the place is that it's rather loud--we were in the back, though and the acoustics might be better up front.
Divine dining. Service is above par and the best thing is the Chef's tasting menu (available for parties of 4 or more). I've been here twice, and both times the Chef's Tasting Menu blew me away!  $40 and you get about 11 courses - but be careful, service is so good you won't realize that you've ordered 6 Chili Infused Vodkas!   They accommodate large parties, but if you're planning a birthday dinner - you may want to leave the surprise birthday cake at home because they won't allow it.  You can tell them ahead of time if there are any food allergies, etc.   Great place to impress out-of-towners or a dinner get-together with friends!
Delicious!! Went here Sat night 6/14/14 and the food was fantastic! We were a table of 4, our waiter was excellent told us to order 2 dishes per person which was just the perfect amount of food!! We actually ordered 1 additional - salad greens n we were all stuffed!! They accommodated our portion - I ordered sliders n they added another slider so everyone could sample! Ribs were insanely finger liking good n fall of the bone tender, I don't eat shellfish, but I was told by my friends the scallops were off the chart great!! I ordered the gnocchi n it was melt in ur mouth ricotta smooth.  We were determined to get dessert - the bacon donuts n key lime pie....I'm not partial to key lime pie n the graham cracker crust was heavenly!! The donuts as strange as it sounded to me worked! I knew though anything with bacon will just work...the only complaint I can say were even though drinks were tasty they def were not strong which I think is typical...also our meal with 9 dishes, two deserts, n 5 drinks was absolutely and incredibly reasonable!! This place is a must go for NYers & ur visitors to experience more than once ;)
Everything that's been said has been said so I'll keep it short. Best cost/quality brunch in Williamsburg. The pork belly/egg sliders and egg in a nest are addictive. I really need to check it out for dinner. I will say though that, while good, after all the talk on here about the bacon doughnuts I was underwhelmed.
By far the best food I have ever had in NYC! The food was absolutely amazing! We sat at bar area where we could watch them prepare the food! I highly recommend the brussel sprouts, arugula salad & lime pie for dessert! Service was excellent as well but even if it wasn't I would not care as the food was outstanding!
Wow I love Traif. I think this place may be one of my new favs. I've been dying to try it out - seriously the dude with the panty dropper review killed me haha The place is relatively small so make a reservation for sure if you plan to visit on a weekend. We were sat quickly and the service was good. I wouldn't say it was overly memorable service but the food.... Ghaaaa SO tasty. There are a really good selection of menu items and the waitress told us they are listed from light to heavy and served "family style". I would say it is between tapas and family style because the portions aren't huge but definitely more filling than you expect. Everything is very well priced though - terrific value. They bring things out as they are ready versus all at once which is really nice. Between the two of us we ordered 6 plates and a bottle of wine... I so wanted to dessert but I was legit stuffed. We had the foie gras, butterfish, pork belly, cinnamon ribs, BBQ short rib sliders and baked cheese with chorizo. SO GOOD. The best were the BBQ short rib sliders and the butterfish - the least favorite was the cinnamon ribs and pork belly. The pork belly was super fatty, I would have figured they would have rendered that down a bit. The butterfish was amazing and by now you all should know I am not a fish person... maybe brooklyn's finest is turning me into one though.. dun dun dunnnn Anyway the chorizo cheese was heavenly too but hey - melted cheese is pretty boss always in my book. My bf actually came back for work dinner the other day and had an equally awesome experience and got to try just about everything on the menu. He mentioned the sweetbreads weren't the best but the crab totally rocked. I would DEFINITELY go back... ok see you tomorrow.
A hidden gem in Brooklyn! This place is a great tapas/sharing restaurant. Portions are meant for tasting & for everyone at the table to try. Some of my favorites are the glazed baby back ribs, braised short ribs & for dessert, bacon doughnuts. The pork belly is good & I loved the risotto with escargot they once had. The menu does change, but they keep their signature favorites. So if you like a dish, you better voice your opinion to keep it around. The restaurant is small & they do have a space in the back for additional seating. While you wait, the hostess will guide you to a local bar to hang out & then call your cell phone when your table is ready! A fun & tasty place, go there today!
The menu is a little unfocused and the decor is not super hip as per Williamsburg, but the food is good and the cocktails are great. The main reason I was not wow-ed by the food was the simple fact that I've had many of the dishes done better at other places. Having said that though, this is not a bad restaurant. I was also in a shitty mood when I ate there and that may have adversely affected my tastebuds. Am I the only one who experiences that phenomenon?
Been here a bunch of times for dinner, brunch, dessert and cocktails. Pretty much everything on the menu is superb.  You cannot go wrong with anything you order. For dinner everything is Tapas style, so the best way to enjoy this place is to come with a lot of people and order a lot of different things from the menu.  I came here with 8 friends once and ate some of the best food that I've had in a long time, plus dessert, and the bill came out to $30 each, tip included. (We didn't order that much alcohol though).  The cocktails are amazing, so make sure you try at least one.  The only downside to this place is the ambiance -It's kind of bland. But considering how good the food, drinks and prices are, I give this place 5 stars.
Simply everything that I had was delicious!  One of those places that I will remember and come back to!
Two of my girlfriends were back in town for spring break so I figured I would set up a fun girl's night since we were all finally united. I usually don't venture out to Brooklyn so this place has been on my list forever. Now that I've tried it, I sincerely regret not not coming sooner as this place is definitely in my top 10! After work, I decided to walk over the Williamsburg bridge to get here since I knew it would be a heavy night, hha. We met up for 7:30pm and the place was relatively empty, surprisingly! We opted for the tasting menu at 45/pp with 11 courses. We were served shots of chilled pea soup to start -- a tad salty but deliciously creamy! we also had: 1) salad with berries, pine nuts, blue cheese, bacon 2) bershire pork belly 3) eggplant tempura with spicy tuna tartare 4) rigatoni with pesto, asparagus and peas 5) strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs 6) pork cheeks with polenta 7) short rib sliders 8) quail with mac and cheese 9) dayboat scallops 10) bacon doughnuts 11) vanilla panna cotta Everything was absolutely PHENOMENAL but the standouts for me were the eggplant, pork cheeks, scallops and bacon doughnuts! The salad was a perfect start, with refreshing berries and crumbly blue cheese. The pork belly was perfectly fatty and seared to perfection. The eggplant was AMAZING! Crispy tempura topped with with huge chunks of tartar drizzled in this delicious spicy mayo sauce. I could have easily eaten 1-2 plates of this on my own! The rigatoni was cooked the way I liked, with the asparagus and peas adding a great crunch and sweetness. The ribs, sliders and pork cheeks -- OMG. all so tender and flavorful, especially the pork cheeks -- so good with the creamy polenta! I've never had quail before but really enjoyed the quail here! The breading on it was seasoned well, nice and crispy and the quail was so moist and juicy. The mac and cheese was a standout too -- quite heavy but some of the best I've ever had! The scallops were huge and so FRESH, perfectly seared and seasoned. yum. For dessert, we had hoped to get the keylime pie but the panna cotta was actually quite good. Lastly, bacon doughnuts! They were as great as everyone says. Hot, fried balls of dough, mildy sweet with crunchy bacon bits, with delicious coffee ice cream. it was the perfect end to an amazing meal. Thank you TRAIF! I will definitely be back!
This little dark restaurant deserves more than five stars!!! We were blown away by all the great food! The restaurant itself is small and dark. We were seated at the backyard-turned-dining-area. It took us a long time to order because I wanted to order everything on the menu! We were given a little bit of soup when waiting for the food. Finally, we had strawberry ribs: sweet and sour and tender ribs! I was little disappointed by how small strawberry pieces were, but the ribs were delicious!  Seared foie gras: yum yum yum, I love foie gras and I love this plate! The taste of foie gras got better when mixed with sunny eggs, the rich fragrance of foie gras was amplified with eggs!  Spicy prawns: spicy and sour and sweet shrimps! very tasty, and I wish the dish was bigger.   Braised short rib sliders:  I am not a fan of sliders, but these sliders were so tasty! the meat was juicy and the sauce was just about right.   Escargots: not bad, but not surprising, came with sausages, wish there were more escargots.   Bacon doughnuts: the bacon came in small pieces on top of small doughnuts, very sweet, came with a coffee ice cream as the side.   Service was good and quick. The only drawback was it could be a little loud if you sit near loud people.   I will definitely come back!
I thought I had already wrote a review about Traif? did Yelp go ahead and delete it? WTF... I love this place and I highly believe that if you don't like the food in Traif then you probably have no taste buds. The service is great and the waiters are very friendly. I have never had any problems with the service here. I try not to order the same things over and over again, BUT I CAN'T! I love the strawberry glazed ribs and the short rib sliders.... I always get them... There are other great options on the menu off course like the Tuna tartarish thing that called the big eye I believe. The pork belly is also excellent.. I love me some FAT I keep coming back here and craving the food non stop. I haven't had one thing on the menu that was bad... So be careful what you say about Traif around me, cause I can get aggressive about it!!!!! :)
i want to eat here every single day for the rest of my life.   period.
AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!! The staff was wonderful and the food was innovative, creative and delicious. I will go again!!!!
bacon donuts alone are worth the 4 stars. cute little spot in willyb. how did my friends even find this place? they NEVER leave the city or queens. anyway, we just went ahead and got the tasting course. there were too many of us and it wouldve taken too long to decide. and it was cheap for that much food per person too. everything was very very good. there were some dishes that didn't stand out but maybe it was because there were dishes that really really stood out. i think it was the soft shell crab that i wasnt too enthusiastic about. regardless, i had an overall good experience and i would definitely go back. but man, looking at pics of those bacon donuts makes me want to hop on the L train and order a few to go. andrew, you down?
AMAZING! This place has got to be one of my top 5 favorite places. Located right after the Williamsburg Bridge in Brooklyn, it's a perfect location to take a date. My girlfriend and I visited Traif over a year ago, we both love this place and are always looking forward to the next time we come back. The menu changes slightly every week so there's always something new to try. FOOD The food is excellent and this is coming from a guy who can get snobby with his food. The food is very creative, I just love the way they incorporate flavors you normally wouldn't think of and make it taste so good. Must try the braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries. Best slider I've ever had. I'm drooling a bit just thinking about it. There's a few dishes I always get when I go to Traif and I highly recommend you them try (if they have it on the menu). Berkshire pork belly, Scallops, Braised short rib sliders, & bacon doughnuts w/ coffee ice cream!! SERVICE The service has always been great. I usually make reservations and get seated promptly when I arrive. This place is rather small so I wouldn't come with a large group. A group of 2 or 4 would be perfect.
Chorizo- muenster Heaven in a pot. SO GOOD!!!! Can I live off this? (b)
Incredible food. Good, appropriately attentive service. Highly recommend the  sliders, ribs, raspberry dish(I forget what exactly its called). Davidson bros beer is also a nice touch. Will definitely go back
overall overhyped. over seasoned over sweetened. saccharine porky greasy gimmicky. That can be fun. Don't get me wrong. But it's not fine art.   I admit the staff was lovely and  the donuts were surprisingly clever light and tasty. sweetbreads also worthwhile. but other dishes recommended here fell far short. ive had microwave entrees with less sodium and more nuance.  i can easily name six places within four blocks where you can get a more  authentically thrilling yet unpretentious culinary experience. this is sugared grease.  its tasty but not rocket science. its not going to haunt my dreams. For the sweetbread i would give more stars objectively but need to offset these fawning reviews that may mislead you into ordering less than great dishes... Better ribs at fatty cue.  Better food at roebling tea house, rye, mastin lake,saltie, diner, if you like chicken get brick chicken at marlowe... If I come back here i will sit at the bar and eat less.
We were a party of eight, which meant we had to accept the chef's selection. One look at the menu and you'll realize that this actually worked in our favor because the menu has so many great dishes to try. Traif serves tapas style and individual bite size portions in this chef's selection, but don't be discouraged, we were mighty full after these 10 courses. The dishes came out fairly quickly and a few times, two courses came at once. Service was friendly, nothing to complain about here. Our water glasses were never empty and our waitress was quick to take our next drink order. Highlights/Recommendations: Tuna tartare over Japanese fried eggplant Bacon wrapped figs stuffed with blue cheese Softshell crab with watermelon salad Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream And here's the rundown of our meal... Amuse Bouche: Red bell pepper gazpacho - Nice shot of gazpacho, very clean and tasty. 1. Tuna tartare over Japanese fried eggplant - Would definitely recommend this. This dish is presented like a crostini, the fried eggplant serving as the base was absolutely delicious. 2. Bacon wrapped figs stuffed with blue cheese -  This is such a great dish and one where I could probably eat 15 of these. I first had bacon wrapped figs at Toro in Chelsea and this was very comparable in taste. I just think this combination of sweet, savory and salty from the blue cheese is fantastic. 3. Cottage cheese with white peaches - Peaches are in season and were nice, but this dish isn't something you can really jazz up for a restaurant. I enjoy cottage cheese and fruit, but not very often and I consider this more of a breakfast on the go type of meal. This dish fell flat and felt out of place. 4. Softshell crab with watermelon salad - I mean, you can never really go wrong with softshell crab. One of my favorite things to eat. Really great dish and the watermelon salad was excellent. 5. Pork belly with fig molasses - This was about a 5 inch long slab of meat, maybe 2 inches thick topped with sliced figs. Good dish, but difficult to share as the crispy skin fell off as we were slicing it up. Pork belly is great in what ever form it comes in though and this was no exception. 6. Salt and pepper shrimp - Really enjoyed this. The shrimp was cooked really nicely and the glaze was top notch. 7. Scallops with double corn risotto - Had me at double corn risotto. This was a nice dish, but didn't wow me, one that could be better served in a big bowl as a comfort dish rather than a tasting. 8. Pork chop topped with molasses - This came at the right time as we were ready for something more substantial. The pork chop was cooked  and sliced up nicely although it wasn't something to really write home about. This kind of reminded me of a baked Christmas ham more than anything. 9. Short rib sliders with sweet potato fries - Short rib was delicious and juicy. The soft roll (I love bread) it was served in was a little sweet and made this dish really rich. Good for the serving size at this point as we were beginning to feel pretty full. The fries were really flavorful. 10. Baked muenster cheese with chorizo - This was served in a hot ramekin with bread. Probably not the best dish for the last course and better served earlier in the meal. Nevertheless, a ramekin full of baked melty cheese is always good, rich, and filling. Dessert 1: Buttermilk panna cotta with meyer lemon - Reminiscent of a key lime filling which I love. This was a really nice dessert, creamy, but not overly rich. The meyer lemon sauce at the bottom was a really nice touch and combination of flavors. Dessert2: Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream - These were dumpling sized beauties. Candied bacon topped this fried dough concoction and the coffee ice cream paired with it was absolutely delicious. Complimentary Dessert: Cubed pineapple with molasses - They sure love their molasses here. Molasses flavor didn't really come through here, but that was fine by me. The pineapple was a nice little pop of fresh and juicy.
Lovely place with a kind staff. I was there 2 days before just to eat a little bit before going to Williamsburg theater. Hadn't the chance to get back as this place is closed at midnight in week days. But i was sooooo damn good that i decided to get back yesterday, on a date. You *need* to try this place without any doubt (and to make a reservation for it). Their dishes are orgasm for mouths, their cocktails are tasty and well balanced, its staff is kind, quick, and friendly. If you go on a date, ask for the patio, that is more quiet and romantic than the crowded and noisy main room (the *only* bad side). You may think twice looking at prices, because, let's be honest, this place is a bit expensive, BUT that's totally worth it: this is the price of great cuisine. I'm a French Parisian guy, so, we are known for that, and for being picky (unfortunately ^^), but damn, go for it, that is a freaking good. All my compliments to the Chef and to the whole incredible team.
My sister and her friend went to this place almost two weeks ago. I questioned their total infatuation with this new restaurant in Williamsburg. I mean who describes the food as "sexual"? They felt the delivery, the presentation and not to mention the taste was exceptional.   So we scheduled a birthday dinner there for my sister the following week. She would have it no other way. I definitely recommend making a reservation ahead time before you decide to waltz in. We were a group of six and we had the option of choosing our own plates or choose the other option of the "chef's selection" He would take care of which food would be served and in which order.   I would like to divert on the beauty of how the chefs in the kitchen worked.  There were 3 and they worked in a rather small space without speaking to each other, it was like a rehearsed dance.  They moved swiftly and served the tapas style food on time and each with exquisite dedication to each plate.  It was rather impressive. Our night began with a bacon broth that was served in a shot glass size cup, if you will.  After we received a delicious fig salad.  It was perfection .. It then continued with several favorites like the seared scallops with corn (surprising mix) a meunster melted cheese dish with chorize inside accompanied with toasted bread and green apples (amazing!) Other favorites were the cinnamon strawberry glazed ribs which were topped with pomengranate seeds. As well as the short rib sliders that were ridiculous. I can't even understand how food can taste that good.  The sliders were accompanied with sweet potato fries and a delicious dipping sauce.  We also had this truffle toast with a fried egg sitting on top with broccoli rabe underneath .. like seriously? I did not want the night to end even though I was super full. Safe to say, whether you allow the chef to choose or you choose some of the favorites that I have mentioned, you can't go wrong.  It is food lover's haven.  I cannot wait to test our their brunch menu in the next couple of weeks!
Traif has become one of my favourite new american cuisine restaurants in NY. After having read all the great reviews I decided to give it a try. The place was buzzing, the ambience was great, had to wait a bit for our table but was definitely worth the wait. The menu consists of "tapas" like dishes, usually good for 2-4 people. Dish prices range from 7 dollars to 18 dollars, getting bigger as the price does. Great for a romantic dinner but just as good for a group dinner to catch up with friends over great food. Recommended the tuna bigeye tartar, the lamb and the bone marrow and of course the bacon donut! This place is a must! Make sure to make a reservation at least oned day in advance!
I've been here twice for dinner and both times were delicious.  The restaurant itself is very small. So small that the host asked us to step outside when we arrived to be seated. There is a seating area in the front with the bar and kitchen in plain view, greenhouse seating in the back and a single bathroom. The first time I went was for a friend's birthday so we had a reservation for about 18 people so we basically took up the seating along the wall in the front. Because we had so many people, we were told that selections would be made for us (to which I breathed a sigh of relief). Everything is tapas style so we were given a plate of each choice for every 4-6 people. The second time I went, we were seated in the back greenhouse room which was hot despite the A/C right there. Overall there were a few standout dishes but it was difficult to remember everything. They have several foie gras dishes and I feel like you can't go wrong with any of them. We had the smeared foie gras with fingerling potatoes and fried egg which was deliciously rich. We had the soft shell crab dish which was great and made my friend want to order another right after. The strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs were also delicious and a unique flavor that I would never have thought to put on ribs. I would have to say my favorite are definitely those amazing bacon doughnut holes. They're soft and perfectly flavored and served with a scoop of coffee ice cream. My friends loved the panacotta though they said the first time they tried it was much better so we will definitely have to come back and make a decision then.
Came for dinner on a wintry weekend night: four people, ordered eight dishes to share. The menu changes and while all the plates were sent back cleaned, there was nothing amazingly mind-blowing, but two standouts: the porcelet chop and a bacon/pasta/brussel sprouts dish. Two weird things: the foie gras, which came with a scoop of sorbet and, when eaten together, was slimy-sweet to taste (and I love foie gras); the slice of bread in a broccoli rabe/egg dish, which added height but nothing else. Service was great, except for one last oddity: at the end of our eight plates, we wanted to order another porcelet chop, but was told by our server that she should've mentioned the caveat earlier, but you have to put in all your orders for the mains at the beginning. It would take another 25 minutes to fire/serve our chop, should we do it at the end of the meal. So we got dessert (panna cotta) instead, and she sent over a key lime pie as an apology. A table turning measure? Nonetheless, a sweet end to the meal.
Interesting menu, a lot if rich sauces, and a little bacon heavy. Scallops and gnocchi were outstanding. Cassoulet needed a spoon for serving. Wait staff very friendly. A little noisy, but the patio are out back was a nice spot for conversation.
Went to Traif last night, at the request of my boyfriend for his birthday dinner, and I can honestly say it's the first time I've been WOWED in a while. I felt like Remy is Ratatouille when fireworks blast in the background as the flavors explode - and this all began with just the amuse!  A thimble of Vidalia Onion Soup to get you started, and that would have been enough for the five stars. Then came the Spicy Bigeye Tuna on Tempura Japanese Eggplant.  May sound odd, but the word that comes to mind for this dish is "pure."  So pure in fact that my vegetarian friend had her first bite of fish in over 3 years, and doesn't regret it one little bit.  Not too heavy, with the perfect combination of textures - a must have. The Baked Muenster Cheese was phenomenal (even without the chorizo for the veg-heads), the sautéed broccoli rabe under truffle toast and fried egg was insane, and the key lime pie dessert special was the best I've ever had. On top of all the fantastic food, the server was attentive and sweet, while still maintaining an utter Williamsburg hipness, the meal timing was on point, and the flatware was some of the most creative I've ever seen.  I've been in the restaurant business for years, and tend to admire the details like interestingly shaped plates and the stem of a wine glass.  Traif does it right. My only criticism is the décor.  The brightly colored ceiling and Pollock-like splatters of paint just do not go with the menu and experience.   Didn't take away from the meal, but I'd much have preferred something darker and more intimate. Run, do not walk, to Traif.  You won't be disappointed.
ok ,i don t know where to start but went there couple of weeks ago, on suunday brunch, the place was packed, the service was good but the down fall is they tell you to take 2 or 3 plates since they are tapas size.But infortunately everything taste the same and you end up eating probably a dozen of eggs .sorry guys i wasn`t a fan. bloody mary is great ,bacon donut i am not sure about it. but it`s a great place if you like eggs and sugar..
2 words = bacon doughnuts! Awesome fusion cuisine at affordable prices!
Totally overhyped! Unless you like candy-sweet drinks, you will be very disappointed in Traif's cocktails.  We were hoping the food would makeup for our starting drinks, but the dishes continued to disappoint.  Foie gras was not seared evenly, the ribs were (again) candy-sweet.  The best dish was the fried oysters/green tomatoes, but def. not returning for just that dish.
Love love loved it!!!!! Went for my bday best food ever!!! Little plates of lovely hot delicious well planned out and executed! Loved the pork and mussels! We got three plates of each dish on the menu!! And we where 6 people! Our amuse bouche.. Omfg if could have stuck my fingers that little shotglass i would have!!!! People are cool no shortage of checkered shirts and beanies!
A tasty, intimate space with warming dishes. The server had great recommendations and was clearly knowledgeable.
My favorite restaurant in Williamsburg. I take anyone I want to impress here. It has a great menu with tons of options. All the plates are small, so you get to try a bunch of dishes.
cozy and unpretentious ambiance, yet still pretty hip. we sat in the patio that was mainly lit with candles. bacon broth on the house to start up our palates for our baconcentric dinner.  short-rib sliders like a fancy sloppy joe (and i love sloppy joes growing up!), strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs, bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates (perfection!), butterfish carpaccio, bone marrow (served in-bone) with steak tar-tar aside, the perfect salad of peaches and bacon and finally, the bacon donuts served with coffee ice cream (again, perfect is the only word to describe them) and a complimentary strawberry dessert dressed in tangy pomegranate reduction. i haven't left a restaurant so completely satisfied in a long time. thank you traif!
Oops I was disappointed on this one the food was OK nothing to brag about but the service was plain terrible .they kept me waiting til I got served and again waiting for the side dish. Bottom line I say forget about it!
I went back last night for dinner after a Traif-less season and as always was very satisfied with the quality. I am looking forward to going back yet again.
Delicious !!!!! Everything !!!! lots of flavors
Superb selection of food.  Six plates are great for two people.  You MUST try the infamous bacon doughnuts!  I believe the menu is seasonal so what is on their website may not reflect what they are currently serving (at least in my case).  I should have ordered everything on the menu because the chef has a way of incorporating unconventional ingredients (i.e. Strawberry-Cinnamon Baby Back Ribs) that send your taste buds on a journey.
Wow. What an unbelievable experience we had at Traif last night! Having just eaten at Babbo last weekend, we could compare it to what is commonly thought as one of the best restaurants in the city. Traif outdid Babbo. Immediately, our server impressed. Being small plates, he recommended 5-6 dishes for the two of us. When we started to order 6, he stopped us and said that with our choices, we would be fine with just 5. That impressed us that he wasn't after our money. Speaking of money, Traif's prices are extremely reasonable for the amazing food you get. We had the short rib sliders, the muenster cheese dip with chorizo, the strawberry braised ribs, salt and pepper shrimp, scallops, and for dessert, the bacon doughnuts--a MUST try!  We absolutely could not choose what was our favorite. The food astounded us! The only way I can describe it is that my husband said this morning that he did not want to "taint his stomach with any other food" than what we ate last night. I cannot say how amazing it was! Furthermore, the service is incredible. Our glasses were never empty, and it is incredible to watch these amazing culinary creations come out of the very small, open kitchen. Whatever you do--GET TO TRAIF!!
One of the few eating establishments in the NYC area that can be truly considered a "panty dropper". Seriously, if you want to score some serious "smush time" points make sure you take your date to Traif to wine and dine her or him. After an amazing meal here if you can't "get some" then you would have a hard time scoring in a whorehouse with a fist full of hundreds. It has been a while since we dined at this wonderful restaurant but I just realized I never reviewed it, so here we are at #1900, and it's truly fitting for a milestone review! What I remember most is, um, let me think.......EVERYTHING!!! Totally amazing food, top notch service, delicious cocktails - it's the total package! Five stars all the way. Throughout the night even the 80's new wave music was on point. I was in awe as everything that I placed in my ravenous mouth was just perfect. Started with a cocktail - the violet beauregard - blueberry infused bourbon (Whoa!), beet salad (YUM!), meaty juicy strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs (OMG!), succulent BBQ braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries (YOWZA!), and bacon donuts with ice cream (NOM!!!) were all just ridiculous. Traif straddles the line between casual and upscale. It's a perfect spot to impress a hot date, special event, or for some friends to get together and enjoy conversation over a fantastic meal and cocktails. The staff are friendly, competent, knowledgeable, and go out of their way to make sure you have a truly enjoyable dining experience here. Even the prices are reasonable and affordable for the quality of food and service you receive. The menu is eclectic with something for everyone's palate. Even though small the cocktail list and craft beer selection are terrific. How can anyone not like this place? If you can't enjoy a night out at Traif then you might need to check your pulse, and your taste buds. Boom-chicka-bow-wow!
I don't give 5 stars too often, but this place not only had exceptional and friendly service, but the food was amazing, wine selection was incredible and they were very accommodating for a large group that was clearly not an easy crowd. First, the Food: -Strawberry-Cinnamon glazed Baby Back ribs: A MUST HAVE!  fall off the bone deliciousness.  I will CRAVE these for the rest of my life.  But i do not recommend this for anyone that does not like cinnamon. -Frog Legs: AWESOME -Scallops with Risotto: freakin delicious -Hampshire Pork Belly:  you won't be disappointed. -A cajun style soft shell crab with biscuit and gravy: Very delicious but i liked other things even more. -chicken livers: So good i don't know what to say We also had salads and other things but the dessert is really what surprised me.   -Key Lime pie:  I lived many years in Florida and learned that Key lime pie should NEVER be green.  It should be a yellow color that teeters on being almost green.  We learned that the Chef's MOM makes these key lime pies and brings them in Fresh every other day.  The best part was, the mom came in just as we were eating the Key Lime Pie.  We gave her applause!  Way to go MOM! -Bacon Donuts:  A very nice experience, but not my favorite thing on their menu -hazelnut something mousse:  A mUST try!!  Surprisingly good, i wasn't even sure why we ordered it but we did and it was awesome! Second, the wine: They offered a 2006 Spatburgunder.  2006 was an amazingly hot summer for most parts of Germany and Switzerland, and when its a hot season, I find the wines to be exceptional and with a lot of depth.  This was not an expensive wine for the quality.  A pinot noir of this caliber from California would have been in the 150 to 200 dollar range.  This was less than 50 (if i remember correctly).  The other wines were also great but the 2006 Spatburgunder was my favorite. Third, the service: I am sad i did not get the name of the waitress.  She deserves five stars in my opinion.  We had friends there from Italy and one of them made the evening difficult because the entire table wanted to do the 50 dollar tasting menu and HE did not want to (because he says NO to everything), so the rest of us were not able to do the tasting because it requires all people at the table to do it.  And truthfully, in the end, it would have been cheaper if he just would have gone along with the tasting.  So, for that he was a jerk.  But, even with him being difficult, the waitress kept smiling, told us we were no trouble at all, and even spoke to the "difficult" friend in Italian.  Bravo lady.  We tipped her 30% and probably should have done more.  THANK YOU!!!
Absolutely amazing idea. Traif means "not kosher", and this is place is full of it. Lots of shellfish and pork. I sampled most of the things on the menu... and it was so delicious. Bacon doughnuts! Get everything except for the sliders.
My lady took me here for my bday dinner, and it was amazing!  We had to come back for the chefs 11 course tasting menu.  It was absolutely delicious from the scallops to the bacon donuts w coffee ice cream.  The dishes just kept coming, and our waitress made the experience even better.  Allison you rock!  Pretty much my favorite spot in billyburg.  Just call and make a reservation now, you'll thank me later.
I've been here a few times and it has never disappointed me.  I'm not a big rib guy, but those strawberry cinnamon ribs are incredible. The clams and the braised pork were also standout dishes on the menu. Went with 5 people, had about 12 things and all were delicious. Desserts are usually forgettable, but after the food it's east to overlook. Definitely try if you haven't yet, and try to make a reservation because you can really wait there.
Okay, so I see what all the fuss is about! I had to change my reservation a couple times and they were incredibly accommodating about it. When we finally arrived last night at 8:30, there was a bit of a wait for our table to clear up. Some people do not seem to understand that if you're visiting a restaurant like this, it is rude to linger over a glass of water for 20 minutes after your meal has been cleared away. (We actually saw a couple of different 4-person tables doing this while we were eating there and the server was polite enough not to rush them but you could tell she was chomping at the bit to bring them their checks so they would go. This is a place that holds class and standards above all, and they do not force the check on patrons until they ask for it, but, people! Come on.) We were three. Our meal was a veritable bacchanal. Two bottles of wine and 11 dishes later (including 2 desserts), we all moaned with satiety and contentment, rubbing our full bellies and recounting our favorite dishes. (But only until our check came and then we scrammed to allow for the next seating!) My personal favorites were the pork belly with figs and oranges, potatoes bravas, tuna tartare on tempura eggplant and the salt & pepper shrimp (that sauce was pure heaven on anything it touched). Everything else was perfectly executed and delicious as well. One major standout was the chicken fried steak. Pure gluttony. The fry on this would have made a southern grandmother weep; crunchy on the outside, deeply juicy inside, covered in gravy and accompanied by a delectable slice of cornbread topped with black-eyed peas. Crazy. Our server was wonderful. Her name was Allison and her great sense of humor and the undivided attention she gave us at our table was as much a part of our enjoyment of Traif as were the bacon donuts and maple sugar pie that sent us sighing to the heavens at the end. Thank you Allison, thank you Traif, see you soon!
All I can say is HOLY CRAP this place is AMAZING!!!! Dinner was delicious and Dessert (the bacon donuts with coffee ice cream) was out of this world!! If you try it and don't like it, there is something seriously wrong with you. Definitely worth the 45 min drive for me.
I'm glad we found this place on our last night in New York. My sister in law was stopping by in Brooklyn for a few days so I dug into Yelp to find a nice place for an early Christmas dinner and found Traif. Our server explained that Traif means non-kosher. The restaurant serves up small plates that are great for sharing. This is a small place with great atmosphere. This was our selection for the night: Salad: Nice and light with sugared walnut. Love the walnut. Chicken Wings with Five Spice Glaze: Hmm this is ok. strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs: This is good but it's not a good idea to order along with the wings coz they seem to taste similar if you eat them together. Seared foie with fingerling potatoes, ham chips, sunny egg, maple and hot sauce: This is divine. A Must order. Sweet and spicy lobster with greens (I don't remember the exact name): This is pretty good but tastes like a Chinese dish. Our server was really charming. We requested for some bread which they didn't have but he worked his magic and warmed up some slider buns for us. These are the little things that make a dining experience different. This is really a nice place to have some dinner and drinks, and parking isn't too difficult to find. It's not too pricey and if you come with a few friends you get to taste a nice variety.
The food is always great, at times elevating itself to phenomenal although that's more up to how lucky you are within the menu on any given day as it constantly changes. I've had the chef's selection as well as randomly picked dishes on a whim and I can say I've never gotten something I wouldn't have otherwise ordered. Or maybe it's simply because I'll eat anything put in front of me. Of course the bacon donuts with coffee ice cream are great, but that goes without saying. I feel the mainstays like the baby back ribs (too sweet) and short rib sliders (nothing special) aren't the way to go and one should instead look to the other constantly changing items. It's amazing how Traif can service a whole restaurant with the same amount of stove top space as I have in my house. The outside area in the back is nice enough although it can get a bit humid as it is enclosed (or at least when I've been there). Restaurants like Traif are perfect for somebody like me who loves to try as many things as I can and at this price point I certainly can't complain.
Great tasting food. I came with a friend, had the maple bacon, pork belly, sweet potato fries, a few other dishes, and a few drinks (i forget the names). We didn't make reservations on a Saturday, but was fortunate to be seated at the bar. We got to watch all the action. There were many waiter and waitresses walking around, but they were all friendly. I would definitely go back.
Damn, this place is good.  I don't know where else you get a shot of bacon broth to start-off your meal. My girlfriend brought me here for my birthday dinner and I was really impressed by the quality and creativity of the food.  I would compare this to some of the higher echelon restaurants in Montreal.  Don't expect a light meal.  Good, heavy food.  Everything we had was great, maybe with the exception of the strawberry and cinnamon ribs.  It was good, but maybe a little overdone or the sauce just didn't hit the mark.  Regardless, I would absolutely go here again and certainly recommend it to people who appreciate good food.
Get the tasting menu! Everything here is amazing. Menu often changes so every time I come here there's always something new to try. Never disappointed. Recently chef had fried soft shell crab with was done to perfection. Service is also great. I try to get here right around the time they open so that I can get the garden seat. The cocktail selection is not extensive but I tried most and they are all pretty good. Lets not forget the bacon glazed donuts. Need I say more? I always take some home for my daughter. Can't wait to go back soon.
Was hungry and looking for a place open late on a Sunday night, did a yelp search and Traif came up a winner. Don't understand what all the 4.5 star hype was all about though. The food was a bit better than average and the ambiance wasn't anything specially really. I would give it 3.5 stars... not a place I would go out of my way for. We tried 3 dishes and all were pretty good, only remember the name of one, Thai Spicy. The menu changes daily so I wasn't able to hunt down the names of the others. Everything is appetizer size, so they encourage ordering several dishes. Menu items were very inexpensive, so you're not going to break the bank.
Remembering the meal we had at Traif is like remembering a tough but rewarding race: the surging levels of adrenaline and serotonin, the heat, the excitement, and the exhaustion afterwards. I lost count of the small plates we ordered in rapid succession, from the superfresh salad to the tiny and delectable sliders ... and of course, the famed bacon donuts. It's all such a blur ... but something I'd willingly do again, now that I've forgotten the pain (of how full I was at the end!).
What the hell. I wrote a review for this place and it disappeared. Anyway, loved this spot. Amazing
Thank you Olivia S. for introducing me to one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Thinking about Traif already makes me salivate. My fingers tingle. My heart palpitates. My pupils dilate. I just can't go another day without having your pig-related dishes in my mouth. When I got here, they told me the reservation was changed to half an hour later, so they sent me to their sister restaurant Xixa down the block (black awning, no sign, so sexy, so xixa). Chef's selection, $40. Do it.
Love the tuna tar tar, favorite dish
Try the Mex brunch dish - killer. Everyone loved their food- would go back though the service was crap. Asked for coffee at least 4 times before we got it. Will bring my own next time.
Delicious and creative food.. the menu changes daily, but the main components of most of the dishes remain consistent throughout the changes (which are mainly just changes in preparation and accompanying flavors) Our waitress explained that the menu is arranged from lightest to richest and that all the dishes are meant to be shared. The two of us ordered four dishes all together. About two minutes after we ordered, the waitress told us "your food is on the way!" lol, talk about efficiency. Then we realized why, she meant our complimentary amuse bouche: little shots of watermelon gazpacho. Wasn't a fan because it tasted like lukewarm tomato gazpacho but it was on the house so not gonna let it affect my rating. Anyways, on to the main event. We expected the lighter dishes we ordered to come out first and heavier dishes to follow but it ended up just the opposite. Our richest selection was the sautéed veal sweetbreads w/ artichokes cherry tomatoes and picholine olives, and that was actually brought out first which was strange but it tasted divine so no complaints. They also brought out the next richest dish early in the game, and that was also very yummy: sautéed broccoli rabe topped w/ roasted portobella-truffle toast (basically a very thick and savory texas toast) and a fried egg. After we devoured both dishes, there was about a 10-15 minute wait and we were anxious to see if they were gonna bring out the sliders next or the burrata salad. Ended up being the burrata, which was beautifully arranged w/ speckled plums, mint, tomatoes, and what appeared to be micro greens. The flavors complimented each other well. At this point I was getting stuffed because my friend didn't know what sweetbreads were and when I told him he gave up immediately so I had to finish the plate myself. Finally we got the short rib sliders, which came with perfectly cooked sweet potato fries and a smoked paprika aioli which went well w/ both the fries and sliders. I pretty much give a thumbs up to everything we tried but a thumbs down to the order in which they came out because my stomach did not agree. Next we got a dessert menu. Neither of us eat pork so the ever popular bacon donuts were a no-go. Instead we selected the vanilla panna cotta w/ berries and the chocolate parfait topped w/ brandied cherries and black sesame ice cream. Both were very good. Our waitress brought out our check along w/ an after-dinner snack: One-bite cubes of watermelon w/ a slight drizzle of pomegranate molasses and lime zest. Looked plain and simple but tasted amazing and complex! Sweet refreshing end to a fantastic meal Only cons are really that they brought out the heaviest dishes first and that the main dining area was super noisy which kills the ambiance. Tables are way too close together and space to move about is pretty much none. I did ask if we could sit in the back garden area while making reservations but they said there's only 4-ppl tables back there. When I went to the bathroom I saw that they were right about there only being 4-seat tables however most if not all the tables had a party of two sitting at them.O RLY? Food was excellent though so I do see myself coming back here.
Best brunch in the city hands down. There is nothing better then the egg in a nest  with truffle.  Bacon doughnuts are very addicting
We ordered some sort of sampling platter and it was awesome. They kept coming out with stuff after stuff after stuff. I don't even know half of the things I ate but it looked pretty and tasted great. I wanted to give the chef a hug. Maybe two if he is up for it
Deserves the hype. Fancy food for reasonable prices in a casual atmosphere -- my type of restaurant! I was too full to order dessert so I'll have to go back for those famous doughnuts. Oh and our waiter was delightful!
I am so thankful I am not vegetarian anymore. if I was, I would not be able to eat some of the most amazing sampler plates ever.  I went with 4 others, and the waitress had suggested to order 2 plates per person.  We ordered maybe 12 plates!  It seemed like every dish oozed of fat and butter, which is probably why I literally fell asleep right after this meal.  The most memorable for me were: 1.  The tender pork cheek  -this one was my fave. 2. The bone marrow with steak tartar - this was my first time eating bone marrow, and while it kinda grossed me out, it tasted amazing. 3. Spicy bigeye tuna tartar - so yummy - a mixture of flavours and textures from crunchy, to creamy, and fresh fish. 4. The bacon donuts - by the time these came, I was stuffed. They were good though - the bacon actually comes on top of the donut, like bacon bits with some coffee icecream. 5. Amazing ribs that tasted like strawberries.  The most creative and delicious ribs i have ever have. a must order! 6. The scallops  on risotto - hmm, while I love scallops, I wasn't such a fan. Seemed a bit overcooked and too salty! 7 - people loved the sliders. While they were good, they were just sliders.  My table loved them, I thought they were okay. 8. - The sweetbreads - um, wasn't a huge fan, but I am not into sweetbreads so much. There is a lot of sauce and other things going on the plate....probably to mask the real flavor of the sweetbreads. 9. - Crispy braised pork belly - wonderfully delicious. I wish there were more meatier pieces. That is all that I can remember.  All in all good.  We also ordered a salad, but I think because it was vegetarian, i don't remember it too well.  I wish there were a few more dishes with just veggies to sort of cut through the fat. Regardless, one of the most amazing meals I have had in New York hands down. Oh, I would reserve a table too. Thank goodness we did! it was a weekday and still super packed!
Over-rated. Over-hyped.
We got the peach and blue cheese salad, baked munster cheese, pork belly and paella. I loved each dish sans the baked munster which was a bit flavorless. For desert we got panacotta. The bill was $60 and we also had drinks... great value and very thoughtful palate of flavors. Highly recommend this place.
Clarel is one of the best sales representatives that are out there.  He is absolutely wonderful, very patient and knowledgeable about the products, which helps a great deal when buying several pieces of appliances.  I could not ask for a better service, and the delivery is super quick, order today - deliver next day,  Thank you very much Clarel for your kindness and professionalism!!!
This tucked away restaurant located in South Williamsburg is such a treat and has a chef that cooks as if he's working at a michelin rated establishment. The food is so delicious and they have options for vegetarians as well as the carnivores. The chef is truly amazing and I'm pretty sure he has magical fingers putting together such unique dishes (: Highly recommended!
While the word "Traif" may be the antithesis of Kosher, it should also be a synonym, for "Absolutely Delicious". I had been reading about this place for a while before we went, and was skeptical as to how good it would be. Sometimes I don't mind being wrong. Upon arrival we were greeted by a very lovely hostess, who showed us to our table. After a very short wait our server was eager to help us with our drink orders and with the menu. Upon hearing her recommendations, we decided to order. Being an adventurous eater, I was very excited to see sweet breads , pork cheeks, pork belly and foie gras on the menu. In addition we ordered the chicken wings, salt and pepper white shrimp, and the Brussel sprouts. And to wash all these delicious morsels down, we ordered some fantastic bourbon based cocktails. For dessert, the bacon donuts reputation preceded themselves, so we made certain not to miss them. We also ordered the key lime pie which were both outstanding. The chef, Jason, also sent us a complimentary chocolate mousse, which was creamy, light, heavenly, and I'm certain was made with some rendered pork fat. This place is what true culinary genius tastes like. I have eaten at well over 1200 restaurants, and Traif rates in my top 5!
Just go.  You won't be disappointed.  Need more information, read on. We were visiting New York and I spent a good amount of time research where we should eat while in New York (thanks Yelpers!).  I was looking not for the famous flashy restaurants, but something more local and preferably affordable ... a hidden gem.  I landed on Traif. First, this is a popular place so MAKE A RESERVATION.  We went on a Friday night and got there when they opened at 6 pm and luckily got a table.  But not five minutes after we arrived, they started turning people away ... many people.  We went back on Sunday (read on and you'll see why) and made a reservation and while slower, the place was full by 7:30.  There is one review that said the restaurant was empty and they got turned away, that is because Traif had reservations and by 7 pm the place was probably full. OKAY - THE FOOD. Well, let's just say to go back to the same restaurant twice during a four day visit to New York means it is something special.  Everything was good - somethings were out of this world.  What we ate: 1. Duck Confit in Lettuce Leaves with Banana Tararind - Yummy, light, and unique flavors combined in a perfect lettuce wrap 2. Braised pork belly over lentils - This was good but not great.  I thought the pork belly was a little tougher and less fatty than I expected. 3. Asian like lobster stir fry - Spicy and sweet and a creative use of ingredients. This was not on the menu the next night. 4. Octopus with mozarella - Strange ... almost weird sounding combination ... so I had to try it.  OMG.  So yummy.  Our favorite dish of the night.  Unfortunately, it was a one night stand.  This was new on the menu and wasn't there two night later. 5. Bacon Doughnuts - Well, donuts topped with crisp bacon with a side of coffee ice cream.  What's not to love with the salty and sweet? 6. Beet Salad - Generous portion, fresh, not overly dressed, and absolutely delicious and beautiful. 7. Cassoulet - I'm not a huge cassoulet fan to start with so not sure why we ordered this dish ... maybe because it was new on the menu (I'm a sucker for that).  It was good, but a bit too heavy in comparison to the other dishes we got. 8. Lobster, portabella mushroom, brie panini - A last minute addition to our order and am I glad we ordered this (also a new addition to the menu for the night).  All I could say was, "oh my God ... oh my God" ... this was possibly the best thing I ate in my two week trip.  This wasn't a tough squished panini.  It actually seemed like they used some type of light bread (guessing brioche), buttered it, grilled/toasted separately to keep the airiness, then layered with small bit of lobster, grilled portabella, and gooey brie. 9. Braised short rib sliders with perfectly crisp sweet potato fries - Sliders were good and the fries were yummy. 10. Amuse Bouche: Bacon Broth (quirky but it works in small amounts) and Butternut Squash Soup (I wanted a gallon of this perfectly seasoned and textured soup) Their menu change every night so if you see something you want to try, get it now. VALUE Each meal for two of us cost around $50 not including tip or drinks. AMBIANCE Great smaller restaurant, can get loud when full, but lively fun environment. GETTING THERE For you locals, you can easily find Traif.  For you out of towners, Traif is only one subway stop out of Manhattan and the restaurant is a couple blocks from the station - so get out of the city and go to Brooklyn!
We went to Traif last night with a bunch of friends for the pre-fixed menu and I have to say, this was one of the best dinners I have had in my life! Every dish was a true "party in my mouth" and I was so happy we actually did the pre-fixed menu as most of the dishes I wouldn't have picked if I had just ordered by myself. The tuna tartar, the beef sliders, the ribs, the panna cotta... all A-MA-ZING!
I recently tried Traif after trying Xixa.  I found the portions to be a little bigger at Traif but the ingredients/dishes are similar.  I came with a group of 6 and we were encouraged to order about 18 plates.   We chose: Pork sliders, short ribs, brussels sprouts, soft shell crab, fried muenster cheese with chorizo, scallops, pork belly, shrimp, tuna tartare, prawns and fried chicken. (Some of the dishes we chose more than one so every one could have a generous taste.) My favorites were hands down the brussels sprouts, tuna tartare, pork sliders with sweet potato fries and the muenster cheese with chorizo.  There are a lot of heavy dishes so as you get full you tend to enjoy the next dish less than you probably would if you had it in the beginning.  The waitress never brought out the shrimp but by that time we were so full we didn't say anything and it wasn't on the bill so we didn't mind. For dessert of course we tried the bacon donuts- yum yum yum!  It tasted like a churro with a little salty taste. I liked the vibe, decor and service so I'd definitely come back.
arranged a dinner for a fairly large party of six here after having heard many rave reviews from friends and yelpers alike. Probably one of the most disappointing dining experiences to date. Let's begin with the dishes: Soft shell crabs - this was my first time eating a whole crab so I cant quite render my expertise. nevertheless, perfect breading, flesh was juicy. Spicy mayo was just, spicy mayo, what else is new? This was probably my favorite dish yet. Toast with truffle, greens, topped with a whole egg - well, it was the first time I had truffle in its whole mushroom form! But you really can't mess up a simple combination of cheese, egg, and mushroom. average. Scallop with risotto - Good, but can you find this in other Italian restaurants? yes. I can't even remember the rest.. perhaps reflecting how unmemorable the dishes were. I was not impressed. And AVOID the restaurant as a first-date choice unless you can score a table in the patio area. Because the kitchen is integrated with the dining area, it was stuffy, hot, incredibly noisy (I was straining to hear my friend sitting merely too seats away from me). All in all, stressful. Did I also mention that we waited 35 minutes to be seated even though I had reserved a table?? Will not return.
Came here for brunch and it was delicious. They recommend sharing the dishes and so do i. Each dish isnt big enough to make you full and you will want to try everything. Had the bigeye tuna and it is so good. Its Spicy tuna seared just a little over perfectly tempura fried eggplant. Also recommend the lobster scrambled eggs. The chicken and biscuits were good but i personally like the skin to be crispier and i felt the biscuits were a bit dry and grainy. The pancakes are fluffy but too thick. Its good but my bf and i were too full when this came out to fully enjoy or finish it. Their drinks are great too.
i suspected that i would love this place when i walked in the door - depeche mode playing, mixed crowd  (not too hipstery, not too fratty, couples, a big group celebrating a birthday, etc), relaxed ambiance.  one sip of my cocktail confirmed - pure happiness!  i'm not sure anything could replace the red bell pepper lemonade of yore (Tailor) but the burning bush has come close.  and, they have xingu black beer from brazil! small plates: marrow (must) butterfish carpaccio (flavors didn't hold up) larger plates; gemelli blue crab pasta (must; pasta overcooked but it was still delicious) sweetbreads (loved the sides/sauce, would try something new next time). dessert: bacon donuts (i was skeptical but they were tasty, small fluffy glazed donuts w/ bits of candied bacon on top - coffee ice cream was a lovely counterpoint) i'd come back in a heartbeat, and would definitely consider having a group! -- does not take amex. at 9 o'clock on a thursday, the wait for 2 was ~30 minutes.  not bad.  and dram shop is just down the street to grab a drink/wait if the bar is full.
With 4 of us, we decided to have the Chef Selections.  It was WONDERFUL!  Had the following: -Cold asparagus soup (shot) - excellent -Spicy bigeye tuna tartare on eggplant - very tasty -Greens with blackberries, sour cherries, bacon, blue cheese - excellent -Seared dayboat scallops - to die for!  among our favorites of the evening -Salt & Pepper shrimp, cauliflower, etc - not bad but probably would not order this since I'm not a shrimp fan -Baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, apples, crostini - delicious! -Hampshire port belly, hearts of palm, bacon, etc - rich but flavorful -Sauteed sweetbreads, toastend asparagus, etc - superb - another favorite of the evening and would order again -Risotto of Maine lobster, spicy sausage, etc - tasty -Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs - interesting cinnamon flavor - yum! -BBQ braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries - just so so, probably wouldn't order this when there are so many other wonderful choices -Key Lime pie with pineapple & homemade cream - Perfect dessert if you like key lime pie -Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream - SOOO good and would order this again Our waitress was excellent, asking for any preferences, and very attentive.  All in all, we were in heaven.  This restaurant is a gem in the charming neighborhood. A bargain for the NY area considering the quality of the food.  Would go there again in a heart beat and would want to try the mussels and soft-shell crabs.
I'm a little surprised by all of these 5 stars.  I found the food to be okay.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't delicious either.  The dishes all somehow fell flat in the middle for me. Spicy Tuna Tartar - while the eggplant was good, the chipotle sauce on the tuna was too overpowering that all I tasted was sauce. Baby Back Ribs - Again, all I tasted was sauce. Pork Belly - Warn a girl when you use the lean cut, will ya?  Cuz if a girl is craving some pork belly, it's not the learn cut she wants. Beets & pomegranate - You can't mess this up, but it was just the two mixed together. Baked muenster cheese - I just stopped eating so I didn't taste this. Upon hearing of our dissatisfaction, the manager did come to inquire about our experience and ended up giving us 2 glasses of champagne, which I thought was amazing.
Thank you for being in existence, Traif. The dishes throughout its menu marries different ingredients together that most people would never think of joining, creating harmonious and effortless unions. I'd love to try everything, all seem (and probably are) fan-effing-tastic. Plus the menu changes weekly, adding to greatness since pleasant surprises are constant. RETURNING TRIPS ARE ABOUND. Highlights (late Jan 2013): - Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs (memorable tastes, included pomegranate seeds which gave it more texture) - Thai Peanut-Caramel Glazed chicken wings, toasted coconut, roasted chile (SCRUMPTIOUS, finger-licking goodness) - Salt & Pepper Shrimp, Sweet Potatoes, Pineapple Haricot, Sriracha Vin (similar to standard sweet and sour shrimp but not as sweet. I'm going to rip this dish off and add sweet potatoes to shrimp. Very comfort-food tasting and I kept wishing I had a small side of rice to enjoy it with) - Seared Foie Gras, Yukon Potatoes, Bacon, Sunny Egg, Maple, Hot Sauce (self-explanatory)
Ok so I came here again on 2/2... came with 3 others and we did the chefs tasting.  Overall it was a good meal, but not as mind blowing as my first time.  The first time I loved all but one.  This time I loved a couple, liked the rest save 2 dishes.  The osso bucco w/ cinammon risotto was hardly touched at my table.  And while the foie dish was tasty, I'm not a fan of that (but I didn't take away a star for that).  I will be back again, this time choosing my own plates.
From the complimentary shot of watermelon gazpacho that they started us with to the 'pallet cleanser' cube of pomegranate, molasses, and watermelon that they ended us on, everything was delicious and well presented. The beer list is very well curated. The broccoli rabe, texas toast, sunny egg combo was my favorite dish, but everything we tried was a great. Very attentive service. Just go.
It is a hole in the wall place, but has the most creative chef.  A lot of interesting ingredients and flavor - while the price is moderate, the food quality is very upscale.  Softshell crab and bacon donuts are my favorite.  The strawberry ribs is just ok, like any sweet and sour ribs you can get at a chinese restauarant.
Very, very good! Came here with my husband, sister and brother in law that were visiting from Florida. This is basically a renegade style tapas place. Our waiter recommended 10-15 dishes for four people, which sounded ridiculous, so we went with 8. Believe it or not, it was too much food. The food was amazing. My favorite dishes were the shrimp, brisket sliders, gnocchi, scallops, mussels and the carrots with cheese (forget the name). The crab with biscuits was alright, too heavy. As were the doughnuts with bacon and ice cream, it was just too overwhelming.
I've always been a fan of tapas. Everything here is like tapas size portion which is awesome because you get to try a little bit of everything! The food here is amazing, my favorite dish is the foie gras. It literally melts in your mouth. The pork belly and tuna tartar are also good here. The prices are very reasonable too. I came here with a party of 7 and the bill was $300 with tax and tip included. ( we ordered half the menu ) It's usually packed in here, so I would recommend making rsvp if they take rsvp!
I came to Traif with a friend who owns her own restaurant a few blocks away and she came armed with some suggestions. I loved the sweet potato soup before our meal, and every dish that followed was equally as amazing, if not more so. The only thing I remember specifically were the seared scallops over the sweet potato puree, but honestly, I have a feeling you can not go wrong at traif.
just want to say that this place just nails it every time. went again last night and the scallop + corn dish was seriously one of the best scallop dishes i have ever had. also, good to see more people discovering this place! hope it doesn't get toooo busy tho ;) if you haven't been you need to go!
the food was really good and service was really friendly.  the only problem i had was that we ordered the chef's selection for 5 people but the portions seemed more suited for 3.  the tuna thing was one of the most delicious things i've ever eaten!
I almost don't want to write this review, I want to keep this place to myself. My birthday dinner last week at Traif was easily one of the best meals I've had, along with the biggest bang for your buck. I ventured out to the great unknown in a torrential downpour last Friday and I was greatly rewarded! We showed up a bit early and our table wasn't quite ready so we walked down the street to their sister tequila bar Xixa and had some very tasty cocktails while we waited, try the cucumber mint fresca with your tequila. The hostess called us and we waded down the street again and were seated at a tiny table in the covered patio. Our waitress was adorable and very helpful. We decided to order two bottles of wine, a white and a red since we were doing the tasting menu. You can tell the waiter that you would like to try the favorites or pick from the menu for the tasting , fully customizable, which I loved! I didn't write down the exact bottles, the white was from Greece and it was excellent and the red was from Germany, also very good. They have an eclectic wine list which I always love. I wish I could remember all of the 8-9 plates that we had but here's a list of the ones I do recall: 1. spicy bigeye tuna tartare, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap minis - this is a MUST order! It's a take on the tuna with crispy rice but substitute tempura eggplant for the rice, utterly fabulous! 2. bbq braised short rib slider, sweet potato fried, snoked paprika aioli - easily the best pork sliders .... ever. 3. seared dayboat scallops, snap & english pea risotto, caper - tomato - lemon brown butter - now I usually don't even like scallops but I nearly licked my plate. 4. hamachi carpaccio, avocado mousse, pluots, tarragon, asparagus, truffle-soy-sesame - sublime..all the flavors in every dish work so well together and the ingredients are super fresh. 5. hampsire pork belly, hearts of palm, bacon, snow peas, cauliflower - how can you go wrong with pork on pork?! 6. bacon donuts - no explanation needed and one other dessert but at this point I was in such a happy food coma I remember nothing else. I really can't wait to go back again and again to try everything else on the menu! EXCELLENT!!!!
This is quite a phenomenal restaurant. Excellent service, reasonably priced, hipster ambiance, and every bite we had was heaven. Would definitely come back and bring all my friends.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. Everything I had was absolutely incredible. Even things that sounded like they would be gross (bacon doughnuts) were fantastic. Every time I go back to NYC I will go back to this Mecca of delectable unique tapas of joy.
if I review this place based on the first hour we were there I would probably have given it five stars; but because it reminded me of a past relationship I had; that's what it came down to, to three... Just like that relationship; I felt in love at first sight; and I don't mean with the main dining room but the outdoors on the back; it is beautiful. Has the huge grape tree that shapes like an ark ceiling and cover most of the patio. It's romantic, cozy, and make you just be there with your other half, holding hands and having those kind sweet talks that places like this inspired. But all relationships are sweet at the beginning no? and then what happened; it wend down the hill just like our experience here. The first hour was just perfect. Service was nice, friendly; and the small plates we ordered were coming out on a timely manner; a bit on the slow side, but nothing to complain then. And as we got to the end of our meal; we were waiting for our last dish and this is the one that actually took some of the stars off from this review. We waited for this forgettable dish for almost an hour; even after talking to the waiter and asking them how much longer it would take, they still screwed up. And that was made me loose my patience and ruined the whole good experience we were having. Also, I'm not sure who was the woman running the place. The manager, host, owner? but she need to learn how to yell at her staff off sight from customers view. Unless it is part of the entertainment of the venue; she should have kept that behind doors. It's a cute little new place, and food it's good, but I probably won't be coming back unless I want to wait for my death on the backyard!
I checked this out with my sister because I had heard only rave reviews and it seemed affordable. The meal was certainly tasty and the atmosphere upbeat, but I wouldn't say it's at the top of my list of restaurants to return to. Some of the flavors stood out, like the scallops with roasted creamed corn (bathed in butter and fresh black pepper), but the peach salad and sweet potato fries were just average. I did love the barbecue pork sliders and the innovative cocktails.
First time here. First time trying American tapas. 5 out of 5. Food is great. Service is great. Ambience is great. I would definitely come here again. I recommend the chefs special. It's $50 and the assortment is great. For our appetizer: Pea soup, Grape salad. For our entree: Pasta pesto, Tuna tartare, Bread w/ butter & Bacon marmalade, Pulled Pork sliders, Spicy sausage w/ cheese, mussels, baby back ribs, soft crab, pork belly. And for dessert: key lime pie, caramel mousse. Bacon doughnuts and Pineapple pomegranate ON THE HOUSE. Everything was really good. I'm not gonna get into details because everyone has a certain palette - I couldn't complain about anything. Like most reviews, there's seems to be a resounding, 'yes.' Overall, a great spot in all facets of what a restaurant should be.
It took me a while to finally try Traif, but one night we were lucky enough to get seats at the bar. It was very noisy, but was there with just one person, so no worries. Standout dish was the tuna tartare on panko eggplant. Only one dish disappointed, which was the broccoli rabe. I don't get the hype over the bacon doughnuts. Tasted like a regular, fresh made donut. Overall, definitely recommend a visit. I will be back
Im from Miami and my cousin brought me here for a birthday group dinner. Food and drinks were amazingggg!! I love the tapas style of food they have. Alot of small plates and they just keep coming one after the other. Food is creative and were things you wouldn't think of eating or putting together! Love the low key setting and ambiance. Great service and friendly staff. Im always recommending this place to friends and definitely have to come back.
Wowza...the 5 stars are shining on Traif.  Good food, good service, good all around.  Even put my brompton in the manager's office since I forgot my bike lock.  So sweet of them.  We tried a number of dishes and since it was a little while ago that I went the one stand out was the black risotto.  The menu changes frequently so they may not have it, but if you go and they have it totally GET it!  You wont be sorry!
Everything taste same. Bread, butter, bread, butter....Too much grease and trans fat for me.
I rarely dish out five stars, but the meal I had at Traif was outstanding and I can't wait to go back. The service was fantastic. Our waitress couldn't be more friendly and inviting and had some helpful suggestions with the menu. She recommended just the right amount of food for two people. The atmosphere was also very creative and intimate. We started with the green salad, which had just the right amount of crunchy bacon and the vinaigrette was light and fitting. Then... the cinnamon/strawberry ribs - divine. Fell right off the bone and the glaze was delicious. The scallops were huge and cooked perfectly over a sweet corn risotto. The spaetzle was good as well, though not as memorable as some of the other dishes. Lastly... the duck confit over israeli cous cous. I was so full at this point, but couldn't help myself. It was one of the best duck dishes I've ever had, and a generous portion for sharing as well. Go to Traif (but make a reservation). There is something on the menu for everyone and it's a unique family style dining experience, perfect for a small group. I need to try the bacon donuts next time...
This is hands down one of the best places in BK. Service. Check. Food, check. Atmosphere, check. Good wine selection? Check. No long line of waiting? I think we have a winner.   * Attention: I would advise to get 4 dishes for 2 people. The waitress their suggested ordering 6 dishes for 2 people. But, unless you are a big eater, don't do it. Even with 5 dishes, we (party of 2) were soooo stuffed that we didn't have any room for desserts. *also, try their scallop..It melts.
After probably a year of wanting to go to Traif, my experience wasn't exactly what I had hoped for. I don't know. I probably picked the worst day to go to Traif. It was one of those 100-degree heat wave days, and yours truly also got sun burnt earlier that afternoon at the beach. And I went to Traif for dinner. Feel how hot I was feeling then? Traif's setting is not necessarily the best idea for a 100-degree night: they have an open kitchen and the A/C was really weak that night. They needed a few fans in the house. Bad sign. (Remember that I was also sun burnt and covered with aloe vera gel.) We got seated right in front of the open kitchen. Sweats continued to drip throughout the entire meal, I could feel heat radiating from my body (and the kitchen, of course). Why didn't I leave? I could have. But after a year of obsessing over Traif, I had to suck it up. Servers were running everywhere. The acoustic seemed really loud. All the dishes had really intense flavors, so plus the heat, it was definitely a sensory overload for me. Sadly, The food was, very delicious!!! I am sure I would've appreciated the cheese-laiden, pork fat-laiden, cream-laiden, truffle-laiden flavors much more on a cooler day. Maybe in the fall? Maybe without the heatwave, or the radiating heat fight between the kitchen and my sun burnt body? Or maybe just a bowl of gazpacho. Pending another visit and and an updated review.
So awesome. My favorite neighborhood spot and one of the most consistent no-BS spots I've been to in the city thus far. It's hard to go wrong on the menu. Brunch is great, dinner, is awesome, and once and a while they have a special holiday menu that will blow your mind (talkin' bout last new years). Totally fair pricing... And yes, do the sweetbreads.
tough to review traif.  food is really good.  wait staff and service good. it's a small plates restaurant and we were told to order 2-4 per person (we ordered 3 per person x 3 people = 9 plates).  we were seated in what looked like a nice room which was plexi-glassed to their backyard garden.  so...it was all good until...we saw the rats.  yup. 2-3 big ones crawling around just outside the plexi-glass and up the vines onto the roof of the enclosure over our heads.  so how do i review a great restaurant with it's own rat- zoo?  up to you.
Called to make a reservation on Wednesday for the following Wednesday. I was told that they had my res, and I would be called back with confirmation eventually. OK. Didnt hear back, so I called on Friday. The woman I spoke with told me not to worry they would get back to me soon, but they may have to change my reservation time, to "something more convenient for the restaurant". Needless to say they never got back to me. Triste. This is for a BBQ joint!?!! No worries, Fatty Cue confirmed my res immediately on Open Table. Quality of TRAIF experience = POOR
I discovered Traif about 2 months ago and it is a complete shame that it took me so long to write a review! I came across this place here on Yelp while looking for new spots in WBurg. It was Saturday and when we got there the place was packed. We got lucky to get seated at the bar, but next time i'll definitely make a reservation. The Food. Simply amazing. Portions are quite small, i'd say appetizer size, but to me it seemed like a cool thing because you get to try more dishes. I would recommend ordering two per person. I remember  ordering salt and pepper shrimp, which was very tender yet flavorful. We also had pulled pork sliders (yum!), glazed ribs and absolutely delicious israeli cous cous (highly recommended!!!) We wouldn't have ordered cous cous if it wasn't a compliment from the chef (thank you Jason and i will definitely be back!) bakon donuts are really good, but i'm not into the whole doughnut thing in general, so i wasn't blown away. They were great though, so don't get me wrong! One little thing that we weren't too fond of were the drinks. The bar definitely needs a tweak. Compared to the delicious food, beverages fall short. Overall a great experience and i will definitely be back for more!
My boyfriend's cousin, who 1. has expensive taste and 2. had never been to Brooklyn, was visiting from Argentina and we wanted to show her that you don't have to go to Manhattan to get amazing food. I had never been to Traif but selected it based on it's outstanding Yelp reviews and we were definitely not let down food-wise, though my boyfriend thought the street it was on was ugly. Being that I am American, I made sure we arrived right on time for our reservation. It was perfect timing to sit and wait 40 minutes for our companions to arrive. The staff was so, so friendly and didn't seem pissed that we were holding a table, though it was a bit later than the usual dinner time. We sat at the bar, on the other side of which is the kitchen. It's teeny! Amazing how they can do what they do with what they've got. When the rest of our party arrived, we headed out to the cute, cozy and beautiful patio out back. It has a lovely arbor filled with greenery and fairy lights, so you really feel like you're tucked in. It's all candle-lit, so it's quite romantic, albeit a little dark. We settled in and our waiter came around to tell us about the menu, which is all tapas and arranged by size, the smallest being at the top of the menu. We selected a couple to start with - the stuffed corn cakes and the steak frites, both of which were outstanding. The corn cakes were perfectly piquant, the steak was tender and it came with a glorious sauce and blue cheese butter. It was also pre-sliced, perfect for sharing. Next we got the braised short-rib sliders and the scallops. The sliders were sweet and tangy, absolute perfection. The scallops were lovely, though I am trying to remember them now and I can't... lovely but I guess nothing terribly special. And I remember thinking there wasn't enough on the plate to warrant a $16 price-tag, compared with the large portion of steak for $18. I really enjoyed the whole experience at Traif. I loved the vibe - as with all tapas, you order, hangout, eat, enjoy, order again, hang out, eat, enjoy, repeat. It was a long, languid evening of pure delight. The food was delectable, the service was spot-on (shout out to our waiter who patiently stood there as we translated everything into Spanish), and the atmosphere was great.
Traif is my favorite restaurant in New York. I came here on Valentines Day with my boyfriend (grabbed the last reservation they had for their fixed price menu!). It was incredible It was a four course menu with small plates to share, with a choice of three plates at each course. We did two different plates at each course and shared them. First course: Burrata cheese, heart of palm and artichoke, cara cara oranges, olives. Pork belly ciccioli, shaved foie, pumpernickel, pear, chocolate Second course: Red beet risotto, two goats cheeses, walnuts, tricolore, cornice pear, balsamic Stuffed potato: blue crab, bacon, creme fraiche, yukon Third course: duck confit, foie gras, port and fresh cherries, sweet potato, slow onion and hon shimeji + Pomegranate braised short ribs, dried fruits, saffron pilaf, gingerbread. Dessert was a dark and white chocolate tartlette with banana ice cream, nutella and raspberry pear and Fresh ricotta zeppoles, passion fruit cream, cannoli mousse, strawberries. Best. Meal. Ever.
bacon-covered dates = orgasm in my mouth
$50 chefs menu a great choice. Highlights were the spaetzle, pork belly with fig, ribs, hamachi collar. Nice ambiance without much lighting and great bacon donuts.
Best meal I have had in a LONG time!!! Such a fantastic experience I cannot wait to go back. We got 6 dishes for 2 people and thought it was the perfect amount. Everything was delicious and we agreed that the only thing that was just "ok" was the broccoli rabe. But maybe it was just because it was the last dish after experiencing such culinary bliss? Regardless, we agreed that you really cant go wrong at Traif. Highlights were the strawberry-cinnamon ribs, tartare and foie gras. Plus we loved our drinks! The cherry on top of the whole experience was how reasonably priced everything was. Considering we got 6 dishes and several drinks I could not believe that our bill only came to around $100. We spent the rest of the night talking about how amazing everything was! Definitely worth making a res asap!
Traif is kind of out of control (OOC). All the food we sampled here as delicious, but it was also pretty much all fried. OOC. The sweetbreads are buffalo sweetbreads. Complete with a delicious blue cheese onion sauce and some sort of confited celery thing. OOC. The plates are priced just right and mostly huge. Like enough for four people to share huge. My friend and I ended up sampling a bunch of them and they pretty much had to roll us out. OOC. The wine list is great; lots of well-priced options and some pretty interesting. Plus they have pink cava. OOC. Dessert is great too. We skipped the bacon donuts because we couldn't eat one more fried thing, but the panna cotta and the chocolate pudding were so luscious I coulda had seconds if i hadn't eaten the whole frickin menu first. Plus the space is great, the wait staff is nice (if scattered -- we waited 45 minutes for one of our plates, which we ordered after eating our first round), and the chefs are cooking it all on a tiny four burner stove in a kitchen the size of my closet. OOC. No joke.
Went here last night with a group of friends, and now I'm handing out my first ever 5 star rating. To be honest I would have like to give four stars and leave room for improvement but I felt guilty, quite honestly the food is very good. Generally I would reserve 5 stars for superb everything; from food to service to ambience and everything in between, but this restaurant earns its 5 stars with amazing food, excellent service, and value. I will be coming back, especially for the sweetbreads.
Best Place to eat in Williamsburg , the food is sooo good and you can see the food as it comes from the chef to the plate... its soo great and everyone is friendly its also inexpensive so you can enjoy a full meal for 30 bucks, the portions are similar to tapas but are so originally tasty its a must try for everyone!!!
We approached an unmarked door near the Traif address.   "Welcome to Shiksa" the beautiful young girl opened the door. My Jewish friend was happy.  "I love it!" He laughed.  (Shiksa means gentile, or equivalent to white girl in Yiddish.) The next thing they'll do is open a place called "schwartze"!   He said. Thats bad right?  I said.   Yes.  He affirmed. Shiksa is the sister restaurant to Traif, more of a Spanish tapas twist on Traif.   We had hiked all this way so I was determined to have the originally planned experience.   Shiksa seemed subdued from the outside, dark loungey and luscious.  So did Traif, yet the loud music made for more of a nightclub ambiance.  It was Friday after all.    The music was jamming and switched up.   The bartenders and waiters were young professional hip and attractive. We started with a corn chowder shooter which was delicious and I tasted a rich delightful use of mace.     I ordered the sweet breads.  They were fat, crispy, moist and flavorful.  The best I've ever had.     Marcus wasn't wild about his lobster risotto.  He looked wilted.  "it wasn't what I expected.". He said like a sad child. It was exactly what I expected for $15: rice with small lobster pieces. Oh are you comparing it to the one you had in south beach for $40? I remembered. So I felt bad for him and ordered the bacon donuts.   Honestly I don't like bacon and I don't really like donuts but I thought it might be interesting.   I was disgusted, but Marcus happily ate all four. "with a name like Traif, I was expecting more pork on the menu."  he said. (Traif means unkosher.) We were given a burstful juicy watermelon piece on a little plate and we were happy to forage into the quiter noise of the Williamsburg freeway. Traif is a young place with a small menu - think stylish club meets a gastropub. It's dark, loud and jazzed.   The menu is mostly small plates ranging from 15-40. I was the oldest person there.  I'm 45 and look 35. Shalom y'all
Amazing bacon doughnuts. I actually didn't think I would like it because it's a strange combination but it was so good. I can't stop thinking bout them and am going back next week to have it again. Other memorable dishes were the baby back pork ribs, salt and pepper shrimp, and the sweet potato fries that came with the sliders. Can't wait to try the other dishes!
I came here for dinner with three friends and was served dish after dish of mouthwatering food of many varieties. The pork dishes are fantastic but everything else we tried was to die for (we were slightly greedy and had 3 dishes per person). The cocktails, service and overall vibe were great too. Go!
Decor: Ugly as all hell. Really, Starbucks is classier. Food: Pretty good, small portions. Nothing earth-shattering. Drinks: Pretty delicious. Service: 40 minute wait between courses on Valentine's Day.
My favourite affordable restaurant so far in New York!
Ok now this place right here................. you need to honk five times........ drive around the corner and honk ten times to give the sign of PERFECTION! I always knew that I had a love affair with FOOD that would never leave my senses. BUT this place right here confirmed how much I love the various flavors of FOOD! That's right and I am proud of it! And...... no I am not overweight - very sexy I might add. My cousin calls me an Epicurean, a person devoted to the pursuit of sensual pleasure, especially to the enjoyment of good food and comfort. Well that is ME y'all. First of all we were greeted at the door by two hostesses who asked if we had reservations - and because we did not - we sat at the bar - which was cool - now we know. We sat at the Bar and was asked if this was our first time - we said Yes. Before we ordered, we were given a very small cup with a table spoon of soup - as we sipped - both me and my friend started trying to figure out what is in the soup - this is how exotic the flavors are in every dish. We began to order.... We ordered Four dishes: 1. baby spinach, sugar snaps, red grapes, currants, sunflower seeds, feta, spiced vin - OMG!!!!!!!!!!! Shut your dayum mouth - This is how good and delicious this salad was - LOL! Seriously - various spices and full of FLAVOR! 2. bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli - Shut the dayum door TWICE this time. The potato fries are to DIIIIIIIIE for with just the perfect amount of salt on top with that aoli sauce........ I did not have the sliders bcuz I am watching my weight - but my friend said it was delish and on the sweeter side. 3. dayboat scallops, snap & english pea risotto, lemon-caper brown butter - Seriously, smack somebody twice............. LMAO! This dish was filled with flavors and spices... I am personally not a fan of risotto - but this risotto was BANGIN........... yes it was divine............ very good! 4. Lastly, the shrimp dish - absolutely wonderful.......... wonderful..... wonderful! Well I will definitely  be back with a group of four to try the Chef special - better believe that! HAPPY EATING!
Simply delicious!!! The start was kind of slow, with Burrata, a little bit too much raspberry and not enough acidity. But hell did they come back from this false start... The Pig Cheeks are a must, the scallops really live off the carrot puree they're soaked in, and the bacon doughnuts, I mean they're delicious. But the coffee ice cream, with its roasted flavors, together with the smoky bacon - genius!!! Don't skip the Foie Gras either...
I still recall my meal here fondly. Back when I was a resident of BKLYN, I checked this place out after walking the bridge up and down on a night that was probably too cold to do so. ANYWAY, the meal was fan-freakin-tastic. Two words that always win/clog my heart: Pork. Belly. They do it and do it well. I also remember the amuse-bouche served between meals, it was a parsnip/pear soup (I believe) and it was dreeeeeamy. Great place to go with multiple people, the you can justify orders a bunch of stuff to try. In typical NYC fashion: loud and crowded basically always. Duh.
bacon covered donuts. yes and yes. fancy shmancy small plates. excellent texture and presentation. i only had a selection but i'm sure everything is good!!
We ordered the ribs, pasta with rabbit and pesto, and steak and melon. Wasn't too fond of the pasta, but everything was great. They weren't kidding with the sweet and savory theme. For dessert, we ordered the bacon doughnuts! They were delicious.
First of all, I'd like to mention that a large part of the 5 stars I am giving is because of Bartenders Illia & Daryl (sp?), who were so kind to give us honest suggestions and treat us with an unexpected warmth upon observing my high levels of sass when it comes to dining service. They were great and we shared a delicious blueberry infused whisky--Illia's concoction, complementary of the kick-ass duo:) We ordered the strawberry ribs, tuna tartare, foie gras w/ potatoes, and the soft-shell crab. All could be summarized w/ one word: fantastic. I realize my summary could be a little vague as fantasticality contains a broad spectrum of standards. Each selection had a unique characteristic on its own, but all could be described as refreshing to the palate, but profoundly comforting to the appetite and stomach. It is that feeling from trying something new and falling in love with it because it somehow is able to embody something that puts you right at home, despite never having encountered it in your life. I won't go into detail into why each order was so great--leave it to yourself to trust your instincts and order whatever looks good, but a long term advice--visit again and again, and get them all. Experience the personality within each dish. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Pair it with a glass of wine and you'll be glad you made the visit to this gem in Williamsburg. I know I will definitely be back.
I'll start this review with a TL;DR for anyone who wants it: Traif would have gotten four or even five stars if not for the service. I was there this past Saturday with a group of thirteen people. Our reservation was for 6:30pm, which we made for the most part (there were a few stragglers who showed up about five minutes later). When I arrived, I found out one of my friends could not make it, and so 13 became 12. I informed the waitress and she removed a seat. She then pointed out to me that we might want to get the food started even though there were two more people coming, as there was a two-hour limit to our stay. I obliged, the two other arrived, and the food started coming. We did a tasting menu, which consisted of portions of a bunch of their dishes for everyone to share. Going into the meal, I informed Traif that we would have someone with Celiac Disease, and another with a peanut allergy. They noted both, and said there would be no nuts in any of the courses, and that the other would get a separate gluten-free meal. And here's where the service issues begin. We get to plate four or so of the tasting, and the pork loin comes out with nuts on it. Now mind you, the person in question doesn't have a strong allergy, but it is still an allergy. So she removed the nuts and all was well. When the meal began, the waitress specifically told us there would be no nuts on ANYTHING. Then, once our meal was complete, we immediately received a "I hope you had a good time, but we have another party coming in and need the tables." I let her know we'd be ready once all the money was counted up, and the waitress walked away. Less than five minutes later, she returned and once again asked us if we were almost ready. I'll remind you that this was a party of twelve, so of course it would take a little while to count up the money. We once again told her we'd be done very soon; this was at about 8:32. The waitress came back at least two more times before we left at 8:38. Now I understand the need to clear tables for another party, but in the future Traif may want to stagger their reservations a bit to avoid rushing the previous party out the door when they're simply looking to settle the check. Maybe you shouldn't book another big party until a half hour after the previous one? We also waited a decent amount of time for the dessert, so if they were so keen on getting us out of there,shouldn't they have stepped that up a bit and began prepping dessert ahead of time so we would meet the 8:30 deadline? The other thing was that they charged us for the thirteenth person. I get the need to do that since it was a late cancellation, but this was not brought up by our server as a reminder at all as a lead-up to the meal or after the check was presented. Further communication would be appreciated; just because policy is made clear when a reservation is made doesn't mean you should not remind anyone of this at check time, especially when a party is left scrambling to figure out who will be paying the missing person's tab. Finally, a word on addressing the members of a party. Each and every time the server said anything, they said it to me and only me. Yes, it was my birthday (technically a joint-birthday affair with another friend of mine) and I made the reservation, but there were eleven other people there! Talk to them a bit, too! And when they were trying to get us out of there, on more than one occasion they stood and leaned over a friend of mine to talk to me. I can hear you just fine without moving into the space of another person in my party, you know. So yes, the food was as terrific as I hoped it would be. But the service left a lot to be desired. I'll have to come back with a smaller group at some point to compare my experience, but I certainly will not be dining at Traif with a large party again.
This review is way overdue, but I suppose it's never too late! I came here last year sometime, I'm not sure when, but probably around March. I had a wonderful experience, although I didn't know what to expect. It is a small, quaint little place; I almost missed the place while driving there. A friend recommended this place to me, and she also named a few dishes that I should try. I remember having the scallops, and bacon doughnut (amongst a few others, but I don't remember those anymore). I know bacon doughnut sounds a little odd, and I was skeptical too, but it was good! Both dishes were delicious! My waitress wasn't too attentive, hence the 4 stars (it would be a 4.5 if I could). Service isn't everything, but I would have appreciated timely water refills or "checking up" once in a while. Overall, great experience - must try!
They should have 6 stars as an option for places like this.  Approaching the place i was not that impressed.  I had to double check the address to make sure i was in the right hood.  But once we walked in i immediately knew I was in the right place. Hands down the best restaurant experience I've had since I've been back in the city. A foodies paradise.  Tapas.  Had pork belly, short ribs, scallops, mussels, soft shell crab, and more. The chefs at the garnish/dessert station impressed the hell out of me with their attention to detail so I could only imagine what the kitchen is like. Service was also tip-top. The place was humming from the time we entered to the time we left. If you want to show any friends or visitors nyc's culinary chops, this is the place.  Will go back as soon as humanly possible.
It is all too easy to appeal to superlatives when describing Traif. Upon hearing about the decadent delights on offer, I knew that a thorough food investigation would have to be undertaken, though I was thwarted in this regard by many failed walk-in attempts. Naturally, booking a couple of days in advance of your excursion is essential. The restaurant itself is not at all pretentious, considering the cuisine on offer, and though one can expect dim lighting and a warm setting - ostensibly a prerequisite for most Williamsburg establishments - crisp white tablecloths and bow-tie bedecked staff are thankfully absent. However, with incredibly accommodating staff and management on hand in an unaffected environment, one's dalliances with the world of the non-kosher are made all the more enjoyable. As suggested by previous reviewers, this is a restaurant at which one is confronted with a multitude of small plates, the flow of which generates surges of ecstasy packaged in all too convenient bites for the eater's enjoyment. The menu is extensive and is divided into the lighter and heavier realms - where dates with cheese and bacon are considered light (they are spectacular, though my description leaves plenty to be desired), while foie gras with egg is considered heavier (outstanding). Truth be told, I cannot recall the precise details of the plates, as my receipt simply reads "apples, dates, muenster, ribs, foie, doughnuts" however, I do know that there was not a single disappointing component to the meal and a good evening was had by all.  From the spicy pumpkin soup amuse-bouche to the fruity delight that followed the dessert consisting of dulce de leche coated doughnuts with bacon and coffee ice cream, I lost track of the accumulating cholesterol clogging my arteries. Although each bite was moving me closer to death, considering the amount of bacon and cheese being consumed, I was certainly doing so in the most delicious possible manner. Conclusion: Everyone and their mother has told you about it; Yelp claims that - after 700 reviews - it averages 4.5 stars; I claim that it is excellent (which is meaningless). There's truly no reason not to grab a couple of friends and venture off for an evening of good wine and plate after plate of culinary marvels. On a related note, the menu at Xixa looks superb and so hopefully a review of said establishment will follow in the not too distant future.
So we got to Traif just as they were opening for dinner on Saturday night. 6:15pm the host at the door tells us that we were lucky to have scored the last open table of the night because all the other tables were reserved. Cool. I don't recall everything I had here but the dishes just filled my arteries with another dreamy lining of goodness. My tummy was in full bliss. The dish I had I'm sure are longer unavailable once your fully read this review. But take my word for it, everything thing is sinfully delicious.
First of all, great date spot! After making a reservation for 2 at 8pm Friday, my GF was running super late. I explained this to the hostess and she gladly advised they would hold the table for me and to enjoy a beverage at their sister restaurant a few doors down (XiXa). After my GF arrived at 8:30, we were sat immediately. The waitress was very attentive and super helpful advising that usally its good to oder 4-6 plates for 2 people. The food was AMAZING. Complementary tasting of the bacon infused soup, a beautifully prepared tuna tartare, fried green tomatoes, super tasty cut of pork belly, and the extra tasty bbq short rib sliders! The clear cut winner for dessert was the Bacon Donuts with Coffee Ice Cream and wow they will not disappoint! Thank you for a wonderful evening Traif and see you soon!
Why do people love this place? Ikea furniture, pier 1 imports art on the wall and light brighter than Max Fish. Zero vibe staffed by people thinking they're working at a 3 star restaurant. The wait staff gives you a sales pitch instead of answering any menu questions and is spent the rest of the service impossible to flag down for a water refill, let alone drinks. They seemed more interested in turning over the table rather than serving the ones they had. Recommending 4-5 dishes per person (what!), then having them come out very randomly, including a gap of 30 minutes between some, didn't deliver a great experience. Plus, both times they forgot to bring out a dish and still tried to charge us for it. I'm assuming all of the 5 star reviews are from a bunch of woo girls and such who have never gone out to eat before.
Brunch at Traif was exactly what I hope for, a delicious retreat from the chaos of NYC.  Service was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  Food was inventive without over complicating classic dishes.  Great Bloody Marys , yummy salad with Gorgonzola flakes, and infantilizing egg sliders to name a few.  I will definitely be back.
I'm dead serious when I say that dining here was a life altering experience. WOW.
This best has to be on your bucket list. Suggest on a rsvp or trying getting a table the day of. Luckily we were seated quickly and on the patio. 2 places avg for person is enough to get a taste. The strawberry ribs melted into my mouth and fell off the bone. The scallops were made perfectly and were so delicious! Service was attentive and helpful! SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT! Had to try the bacon donut and glad I did, something you just have to try. Coffee ice cream and bacon bits go together in high calorie heaven.
'One of the best restaurants in the world'
Since attending the Yelp Elite Event a few months ago, I have easily been to Traif on multiple occasions now. Whenever people ask me places that I love to eat in NYC, Traif is easily on the top of that list now. It is the one place that I can think of where I really enjoyed everything that I've had on their menu. I especially cannot stop telling people about the fingerling potatoes with foie gras and egg. Good lord, it just melts in your mouth. I'm normally not a big fan of sweetbreads but theirs are just amazing. I've never had anything like them in my life. The sliders, the meatballs, the scallops are all just incredible. I feel like I am gushing over how much I LOVE this place, but I really do LOVE this place. The brown sugar budino is awesome and even their cocktails are to die for... no really. So good. So So good. Run... don't walk to Traif.
Every dish was just slightly lacking...tasty but needing of a little extra love. Watermelon gazpacho amuse bouche had good flavor but it was served lukewarm rather than properly chilled. The butterfish carpacio w/ soy sauce, lime, roe and apple was delicious. The seared scallops w/ corn needed a finish of sea salt. The peach and greens were heinously booooring. The pork cheeks were moist delish but needed an oomf, something as simple as more black pepper, but the parmesan polenta it was served with was decadent without overwhelming. The duck confit  was overcooked and tough is certain area but the sauce was bold, skirting a balanced dance between sweet and tart. However, the white nectarines on the dish were overcooked, hightened and highlighted nothing in the dish, as if they picked the blandest, most unripened white nectarine the could find simply for the sake of having white nectarine present in the dish. Big FAIL. The Bacon donuts were fluffy but the sauce overwhelmingly sweet. But the biggest fail of all was the amuse bouche they served at the very rnd of yhe meal before the check was brought over, a 1/2 inch cube of lukewarm watermelon w/ pomegranate molasses: boring, bland, warm, the worst end to a meal any chef could possibly conjure. Traif is a solid 3.5.
great spot for a late dinner. went and shared 5 dishes and a dessert. nice variation of heavy and light dishes on the menu. the dessert was literally the best thing i have ever had: vanilla and nutella mousse with pistachio ice cream=amazing. cocktails were a bit pricey, but wine was reasonable
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn!
Traif review 2/13/2014 This was my second visit to Traif. Besides braving the weather again after going to the Knave in the Parker Meridian for coffee and hot chocolate, we were also venturing into Brooklyn. We took the M train and walked around the corner, which in nice weather seems very fast but the rivers that the streets had become really made this more like fording creeks on the Oregon trail. After walking by Shiksa and realizing their favorite waitress was working there that night, we made our way to Traif. We started the evening with cocktails. I had a Red Pearl (or 3), which is chili infused vodka muddled with Thai basil, kiwi and citrus sour. One of the best drinks I have ever had. My friend had the Rude Little Pig which is lapsang infused tequila with orange liqueur, pomegranate and a bacon rim. I have had this before and for me the bacon rims tastes a little too much like artificial liquid smoke. Her boyfriend had the Dacker Adirondack Ale which was great. Becca, our waitress was phenomenal, letting us order our plates a little at a time because we prefer having only 1-2 at a time. While we were waiting the staff greeted us with an amuse of the bacon broth. I don't quite remember the order of dishes but we started with a few salads. The Macintosh, pomegranate, cranberries, greens with bacon and blue cheese was light and delicate. The cheese was grated into a fine dust instead of hunky which my friend's boyfriend enjoyed. We also has the tricolore salad with grapefruit, clementines, currants, carbs al vino, and sunflower seeds, this was very bright and fresh but I think I preferred the first. The burrata with roasted beets, raspberries, pomegranate yogurt and mint was my least favorite dish of the evening. Way too sweet, it was like eating dessert. Burrata doesn't have enough salt to stand up to the sweetness of both beets and fruit. Eternally on the menu, we had two orders of the spicy big eyed tuna tartare on top of little tempura Japanese eggplant rounds with kecap manis. Still one of my favorites. It warrants saying that my friend is picky about meat products due to animal rights so many of the dishes are off limits. We did get to have the braised escargot with pork sausage, roasted wine mushrooms in a red wine sauce that came with two thick toasts for sopping up the sauce. She did not try the snail but it was her boyfriend's first time so I bullied them into ordering it. Could have been a little more flavorful but it was nice and light which escargot don't have s a tendency to be due to the butter that people use with them. The salt and pepper shrimp with pineapple, roasted yam, snow peas and sweet spicy Thai vin were another highlight of the meal. So much better than the shrimp at ABC cocina. Sadly most of the other pork, duck, foie gras, beef, sweetbreads dishes were off limits for ordering but I saw them all go by and I really wanted one of everything. Supposedly the last menu at Traif was even better. Although I wasn't a proponent of ordering it, the baked muenster cheese with smoked chorizo, golden apples and crostini was another stand out dish of the evening. Perhaps another bite of apple or crostino would have helped the amount of cheese but it was not excessive, being served only in a small ramekin. Our final two dishes included the sautéed broccoli rabe with portobello mushrooms, truffle toast, fried egg and aged asiago and skate cheeks "New England chowder" braised bacon, spinach, potato and leeks. The egg on the broccoli rabe would have been better if we had eaten it right away but it over cooked and became hard boiled. I partially blame my friend who turned it over so it would drain into the bread but didn't pierce it enough. Not at good as I remember. The skate cheeks were like a chowder but large pieces instead of incorporated. Buttery texture and a nice light taste, they were another highlight for me. We decided to order the bacon doughnuts because we thought they only came two to an order. They brought us four, along with panda cotta on the house and sweet vermouth after dinner drinks. Another fabulous meal. I specifically complemented Becca on her impeccable service, aside from the little freebies (they also bring a piece of pineapple to refresh you at the end), they were wonderful and attentive, water always in the glass and the drinks just kept coming (by request of course).
The secret is definately out about this place now.  But I once again want to express my love for this place which is probably my favorite restaurant on this planet.  Came here for my b-day with 12 people and had no problem getting the reservation.  They set us up in the back perfect place right next to the tiny kitchen where you can bask in the wonderful smells that are traif.  Everyone here is always super friendly and the chefs do a great job of pumping out waves of small plates.  The prices cannot be beat and they have some pretty good cocktails to boot.  As previously stated the wings, ribs, sliders. belly are all excellent here are a few more items i enjoyed. Brocolli rabe truffeled toast- this one is a sleeper pick, didnt sound too exciting to me tillI tried it, the flavors are incredible, the rabe has no bitterness the  egg combines nicely with the touch of truffle Tuna Tartar- Best I have had served over a perfectly tempured eggplant a nice sweetness is brought o the dish by the kecap manis Dates- Salty then sweet then the bleu cheese kicks in then its salty then sweet again great levels of flavor Scallops- Perfectly seared with a tasty rich sauce Fried calamari- nice crunch and well breaded the sauce don't hurt either my shoe might taste good tossed in that stuff. O.k im done typing you get the point just go eat here if you don't like it then a quote from The Hangover will sum things up"You were a retard"
I was the 500th Yelp reviewer for Traif and as a gift they gave me and 4 friends a free meal, with wine pairings all from the chef's personal collection. It was by far the most delicious meal of my life. Six bottles of wine and 12 (or so) amazing and personalized courses later, my happiness was at capacity. The chef came by to say hello and told us a little about the restaurant and the wine choices. Our waitress was top notch. Amazing, memorable New York experience, my friends and I thank you.
Went on a Saturday night. And I only have one word to describe this place.... AWESOME!! It was a typical New York winter night and me and the boo had 8:30 reservations, good thing we did because this place gets super crowded with all my fellow hipsters! :) (love you all).... Anywho, the place was a tad bit hot and this was coming from someone who dreads any signs of cold air... But who cares about the fact that my pits were screaming for a breeze, bc the food at this place completely rocks!!.. A lot of the dishes that I wanted to order I couldn't due to me being allergic to tree nuts.... HATE my life.. But from the few things that I could pick from, were fantastic.. We ordered the strawberry cinnamon ribs (great)... Muenster cheese dish (good, but not my favorite)... The BBQ sliders (holy s#it, I could've ordered 67 more).. Also, some other dish that I can't recall the name of but it was pretty interesting to my tastebuds! And last but not least.. The BACON DONUTS! Excellent!! Although I could do without the coffee ice cream.. But who cares what I say about that... This place is a typical go getter type of spot with a village of people who enjoy great food and amazing company.. Our waitress was an A+, she was super sweet and down to earth which is really important for anyone dining out.. One thing to keep in mind for anyone trying out this place, their dishes are tapas style.. Although my bill was a little hefty for 4 grade school size portions! I left completely content and satisfied with everything we ordered. Traif delivers beyond my expectations on flavor and hospitality! Stop being a yelp freak like me and make a reservation! Trust me!!!
Came on a Sunday night, it was pretty busy. Service was excellent, our waitress was attentive and gave good wine recommendations. Plates were changed appropriately. The food itself was delicious, of the things we ordered: most memorable were the tuna tartare, baby back ribs with strawberry, and the sweetbreads. Dessert we shared the budino which was good. I only took a star off the rating because of how hot it was in the restaurant. I was sitting directly under one of the ceiling lights, and it was sweaty hot!! I had to switch seats with my boyfriend halfway through because it was unbearable. Considering how hot it was in there, it was so dark!! How is that possible? Def would go back to try the tasting menu... If I get to sit away from the hot hot lights!
I went with a bunch of picky eaters  for a birthday dinner and though they were a bit intimidated by the menu at first once the gorgeous dishes came out and they tasted everything. They were all in love. And are planning to return. It was a great experience. I tried a little bit of everything and everything was exceptional. (Except for the scallops. They were just ok) the wait staff are very sweet and attentive. I will definitely be back. We did though have to wait for our table even though we had reservations. But hey they are super busy! Thanks Traif for a lovely night.
Went back to Traif late on a Saturday with two discriminating friends. We figured we'd go at 10pm to beat the rush, but there was still over an hour wait when we got there.  The waitress suggested we mosey over to Post Office (the bar not the post office) which is a great new bar.  But I digress... There were too many amazing things on the menu! We each ordered two and were shocked by the deliciousness of pretty much every one. I remember the scallops, short ribs, sliders and bacon donuts as being particularly delicious, but really there was no weak link. I kept being surprised by tastes. Really. In short, I RECOMMEND.
Try it.  Please.  I urge you all to try Traif just once.  I've had at least  9 different dishes here and they were all amazing.  It's affordable high-level culinary at work here.  Make reservations.
My husband and I are constantly searching for new brunch places, but there are quite a few criteria a place has to stand up to: friendly staff, speedy service, delicious food (specifically delicious pork or pork-based dishes), reasonably priced cocktails, and a nice ambiance. Traif truly does embody all of these. While the brunch is typical, the food has flair and a bit of a twist - enough to get you intrigued and keep you interested. Three people in my party enjoyed a seasonal persimmon mimosa, while my brother had a spicy (and stiff) bloody mary. We all had butternut squash soup to start, which was wonderfully creamy and a few toasted pumpkin seeds for a bit of texture, after which we all had different main courses. One of my brothers had the chicken and biscuits, and while the chicken was dark meat, the skin was crispy and well seasoned and the biscuits were delicate and flaky. My other brother had the truffled egg scramble with toast, which I think was a bit boring but he seemed to enjoy. My husband had egg-in-a-hole with a mushroom panini that completely stole the show - it was delicious and I wish that we could have had more! I chose the bacon, egg, and cheese sliders on a brioche bun with sweet potato fries and a spicy aioli sauce. The fries were fried and seasoned to perfection, while the aioli brought it all together and gave me something a little different. My sliders were, of course, unbelievably delicious - who doesn't love bacon, egg, and cheese? The bacon was very thick-cut and pulled apart quite nicely, while the brioche was sweet and fluffy, just the way I like it. We, of course, all shared some bacon doughnuts with caramel sauce, which were like something out of a dream. I plan to recreate them myself at home some time soon! I can't wait to go back for lunch and/or dinner.
Ok, the restaurant is very small. So reservation is a must. Food is very good. Basically this is "American Tapas" restaurant. Because the portions are very small and they suggested to order 10-14 (10 would be enough) dishes for my family of 4. I really liked soft shell crab, foie gras, scallops, tuna tartare. These three were exceptional. I also tried pork cheek, baked muenster cheese, chopped chicken liver, short ribs sliders and pork belly. Everything was good. Loved this place!
O DAYUM! Ok, so just go knowing you'll either have to eat again after this (pricey + small portions), or just eat something small before you go and prepare for a food gasm. This food is amazing. The flavors, were masterfully married together, the experience was amazing. I ate here like 5 months ago and still remember the flavors. Can't wait to try their sister restaurant Xixa.
YES!  Finally a restaurant devoted to almost all things pork!  Ribs, trotters, crispy ears and BACON! If you like pork, this is your spot.  Small plates to medium plates, perfect for sharing with groups of 3 or 4.  The hands down absolute must order dish is the sliders of bbq short ribs with sweet potato fries.  We shared lots of other plates like the pomegranate glazed ribs, the burrata with strawberries, the fluke crudo and many more.  Ultimately as a send off to any baconcentric meal of course we had to complete the night with the bacon donuts.   Ahhhh, BACON, I mean Traif, I will see you again real soon.
hey. hey guys. have you heard of this restaurant? its name means non-kosher in yiddish. did you know that? well i'm going to tell you regardless. isn't that edgy? oh man i love pork, i'm just one crazy girl living in williamsburg. just like that show on the network my dad watches after midnight for the breasts. but seriously, traif is great. pricing is phenomenal for what you get, which in my opinion is a 3-4 star small plates dining experience. the scallops are the best i've ever had, cooked to perfection. duck confit is excellent, the tongue is good (i like frenching with it while staring directly into other people's eyes at my table), and soft-shell crab is great. i'll be here at least every few months, it's a pleasure.
Food was fantastic- we had the seared scallops, lobster risotto, and brisket sliders. However, the service and reservation process was horrendous. We were told the wait would be 15 min. We went to their sister bar down the street as they recommended- 30 minutes later we had no phone call. We went back to check on the status and were told the wait would be 25 mins more! We were told that it is difficult to estimate the time- which is no problem but they said it with such an unbelievable snotty attitude with no apology. The manager came out telling is it would be 10 min more... 20 min later we were sat. The hostess made a big deal about how she "saved us a table" like she had went so much out of her way- but at this point we had waited over an hr when we were told the wait time would be 15min. At no point did anyone throw out a simple sorry for your wait. And then when we ordered our three tapas and two drinks the waiter  told us  in a condescending  way it was a really small amount and not enough food- he recommended 4-6 tapas a person. Are you kidding me? We would have burst at the seams- we were more than full. Anyways over all good food terrible stuck up service.
Honestly, I cannot say enough good things about this place. Everything on the menu is absolutely delicious. This is by far one of the most delicious restaurants! There is a FULLY STOCKED BAR - with delicious drinks. Sometimes it gets a little loud in there but the food is worth it! They have an outside seating area although, I have never sat outside but it looks cute. Even if you have reservations you will wait but again WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!!! Their mojitos are so yummy, i get one everytime and they are huge! The food is a whole other story - your taste buds will be in absolute amazement - very unique - they combine amazing flavors together! Spicy tuna tartare ontop of a tempura eggplant - this is a must try! Strawberry glazed ribs with bits of strawberries on there Melted muenster cheese Pulled pork sliders Sweet potato fries The calamari was sooooo good and I don't usually eat it,  could not help myself. Warm bacon donuts are a must try, glazed with caramel, sprinkled with bacon bits with a side of some delicious home made ice cream. EVERYONE MUST TRY THIS PLACE AT LEAST ONCE (who am I kidding after you do, you will be coming back again and again!)
One of my all-time favorites. I don't know how they do it, very creative combinations for everything they have on the menu, which consist of about 30-40 items - and EVERYTHING is fantastic!  Portions are tapa size, so order a couple of them. Staff is very friendly. Best is in my opinion to sit at the bar in front of the kitchen area and watch the magic...
This was the first place I ate at for brunch when I was visiting friends a few months ago. Months later and I'm still dreaming about the dish I had: Nested Egg on Truffle Toast with Brie and Mushrooms. There isn't a word in the English language that could describe how delicious it was. Let me put it this way, I was eating the thing as slowly as possible so that I could savor every bite and the nuances of flavors.  The truffle toast is heavily scented with black truffles.  That hits you right away with your first bite.  With the addition of brie and mushrooms--two items that complement each other so completely--it's "HOLY JESUS I JUST GOT SLAPPED IN THE FACE BY MY FOOD AND I LIKE IT!!". (By contrast the bacon doughnuts were just...meh...) I wish someone would invent the teleporter already, so I could just drop by every weekend for brunch.
It's tough not to go back to all of the other 5 star reviews I have written on yelp and demote them to 4 stars after my meal at Traif last night. I stumbled upon this gem on Yelp and we had been dying to try it. Last night we had an 8pm reservation and when we showed up the place was only a third full and we were seated in a cozy corner on their back patio. Where to start...the service was exceptional. Our waiter was friendly, courteous, and funny without being overbearing or annoying. We were never for want of anything including water, the plates came out perfectly times, and our silverwear and plates were always refreshed. The drinks, pim's fizz, red pearl, and rude little piggy were all fabulous. My boyfriend was IN LOVE with the red pearl. Perfect for the meal without being an overbearing flavor. The pim's fizz was slightly sweet for my taste, and the rude little piggy had a great smoky flavor which went well with everything, including dessert... On to the food, everything was amazing. We started with the plum (i swear it was peaches but boyfriend says plum), fig, green bean etc, salad which was delicious and appropriately sized. We also had the butterfish carpaccio which was served over a delicious little seaweed salad and the tuna tartare which was served on top of tempured japanese eggplant. I thought the tartare was going to be the best bite of the night but there was sooo much more to come. We then ordered the pulled pork (freaking amazing), pomegranate and cinnamon glazzed ribs (a little too sweet for me), brussel sprouts (with tomatoes, grapes, and crunchy rice - most interesting combo I have had in a while) and then the pork belly (ordered on a whim and again interesting combination, though I wanted a little more pork). Needless to say, 7 small dishes was a little too much for the two of us I think you would be comfortably full with 5 but we did save room for dessert.... The dessert, bacon doughnuts, which I know everyone raves about was so delicious it was unreal. The doughnuts were light and fluffy, the bacon was the right amount and salty texture, and the caramel sauce was finger-licking good. We almost ordered a second but decided to also try their key-lime pie which we were told was made by the chef's mom. It was just as good. In fact they were extremely smart to make the whipped topping light and not sweet which was perfect to include with the sweet and tangy pie. Needless to say not only will we be back, we plan on bringing everyone we know, and we want to sit at the bar and watch how the chefs make everything in that tiny little space of a kitchen. We have a rule that we try not to eat at the same place twice in a city full of awesome restaurants, but we will be making a regular exception for traif. Oh and the prices are SO reasonable!!
This place is better than reviewed. Went with my wife last night. We asked for a few suggestions. Went with some. We tried six different things. What a mistake. The food was so good we ate every bite. Was full after third dish. I was wowed by each dish. Staff was very good. Foods came out at just right times. I can't wait to go back.
Bacon, Bacon, Bacon!! For those who don't know Traif literally translates to not kosher and they ain't lying even my drink had bacon salt on it. I went here for my birthday as a group of 4 people and it was perfect. As a group we ordered half the menu and each dish was the perfect size to share. Honestly it was one of the best meals of my life. They timed the entire meal so that each dish came out just as we were finishing the previous dish and so that each flavor rolled into the next dish
My favorite restaurant in BK..
The surrounding neighborhood is so-so BUT the food was delicious.  The kitchen is right in front of your eyes!   the dishes are small, meant to be shared, tapas style but if you order around the recommended 6-8, it is sufficient.  I liked the softshell crabs, tartar dishes and so forth.  There is an outdoor seating area.  it's not too big but it is a great place to try out if you are in the area.  The dishes are slightly pricey.  You are also given some chef's special prior to your meal - sometimes a small sampling of a soup.  It is complimentary. Overall, the experience is what counts (at least to me). As soon as we sat, the place started to fill up on a Sunday 5pm time slot, wow!
Best meal i've had in a long time Creative dishes, items you don't see everyday Scallops were cooked to perfection
if every restaurant can learn from this restaurant, dining out would be pure heaven.
Can my friends have more birthdays so we can celebrate here more often? The food here is always exceeds my expectations. The menu is always interesting and it's hard not to choose everything. I love the small plates to share restaurant concept. Order somethings from the top, middle and bottom of the menu. If I wasn't so classy I would lick the plates clean. Instead, I scrape up every bit with a fork. The fact that this place is always packed attests to the quality. Expect to wait for a table - and make sure your non-punctual friends hurry the eff up to get there because they won't seat you without the whole party. The service is great and the food is well timed. It is pricey because you end up ordering so many plates (I'd say 2-3 per person is necessary for a meal) and their delicious drinks. Well worth it though.
Yes! Yes! Yes! This place is pretty incredible. I came for dinner with my fiancé after looking at the food pics posted here on yelp. We pretty much ordered every tasty thing we had seen pictures of and this place did NOT disappoint. Ambiance - a little too dark for me. There is a quaint looking area in the back that is probably a great day spot. Service - wonderful. Attentive staff and great spacing out for delivery of the family/share style menu items. Drinks - creative and well made. I had (in less appetizing phrasing) a smokey orange margarita with a bacon/salt rim. Good stuff. Food - Great! Everything we ordered was well balanced and flavorful and tasted even better than these delicious photos look. I doubt you could go wrong with any item on the menu. Enjoy!
Great service! Inventive menu with shared small plates the salt and pepper shrimp was good , foie gras enjoyable and the sweet breads great.  It's a small place and it's a little further east than indicated on yelp.  It is definitely worth the trip to Brooklyn for dinner here.  Reasonably priced too.
I went on a Friday night, 9pm. The food was quite good, but the place was so loud that it was difficult to carry on a conversation. For me that really ruins the experience. Close tables, open kitchen... be warned, this is not a romantic spot. They do however have a garden which I'm sure would have been much more pleasant. As far as the food, Traif is tapas style, many small dishes and sharing is expected. They recommend 2-3 dishes per person. Everything was good, but the scallops with butternut squash were the highlight... truly perfect! We also had the prawns (delicious but very messy and hard to eat), brussels sprouts w/ grapes (surprisingly good flavor combination), and crispy pork belly (not crispy, too fatty, bland, boring). They seem to excel at shellfish, so definitely go that direction. Prices are very reasonable given the quality of the ingredients... 2 people (4 shared dishes and 2 drinks each) was less than $100.
I can't believe I have neglected to review this place for so long, but the people dont need my review to see that this place is amazing...its already loved by Yelp. Chef Jason is in here every night working hard, look for him in the kitchen with the orange bandana on. I like that the kitchen is in the middle of the restaurant so you can see everything that is going on....I don't like that its right next to the door for the bathroom (part of the reason for the -1 star). THe menu is meant to be shared and goes from small plates to big plates...they reccomend 4-6 plates for 2 people. My wife and I don't eat seafood, but there is uaully still plenty for us to eat here, however last night, every single entree on the menu was fish, the 2 that werent were foie gras and sweetbreads, neither of which we eat, so that was a little disappointing, but we just ordered lots of the smaller plates. The drinks here leave something to be desired...they arent all that strong, and the ones I have had arent that good...last night I had "Rude Little Pig" which had rum , pomogranate, and bacon rim...it wasnt very good, not horrible either. The sea dog blueberry wheat was delicious however, and I will be buying some more of this refreshing beer. For food, get the Beef Short Rib Sliders, the Pork Belly is my favorite thing on the menu, served with peas and corn, and a delicious glaze...its only 1 big piece of prok belly, so you may need 2 if there are 2 of you. The confit wings are really good, and is the pepper dish with feta & cantelope,..I was a little bummed they took the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs and the bacon wrapped dates off the menu and hope they return...we will be back, but make sure you have a RESERVATION
An unexpected treat. Goodness throughout in an inconspcious location. Microscopic open kitchen. Chaotic environment, caring, skilled and friendly staff. Love it, 100% chance of return.
Me and my boyfriend tried this place out for the first time, and we are HOOKED!!!! Our server was incredibly sweet, and even took the time to fully explain the menu and make recommendations.  We ordered the sliders, ribs, spicy shrimp as our meal. And for dessert the key lime pie, and the bacon doughnuts. Our top favorites/personal recommendation would definitely have to be the ribs and bacon doughnuts,  everything else was delicious as well, but those two will definitely keep us coming back.
Overall, the dishes we got were very good. On that alone, I would go back. I'm not sure about the vibe of the place though. We stopped by on a Friday night, expecting a wait. We were told there were two seats at the bar, which we said were OK. But the hostess said we had another option - to check out their other restaurant down the street. She talked it up to the point that it kind of made us feel unwelcomed when we said we wanted to stay. I know she was doing her job, but to go to that part of the neighborhood, you probably aren't just winging it on a Friday night. You are there for a reason. When we ordered, we got three dishes, but we were told most couples get four. It felt pushy, since as a grown up, I know I can order more food if I'm hungry. I did end up getting another and was not disappointed. The food is very good, but it also didn't wow me as many people write on yelp.   What I wasn't crazy about was that the place really wasn't all that special. The interior isn't much to look at, and the music was the same Pandora channel you hear everywhere else in Williamsburg. The clipboard holding hostesses at the door reminded me what I don't miss about NYC, and that there are many places I love more in Williamsburg.
Pros: YUM YUM YUMMMM!!!!! Excellent little place. Food was SO GOOD. SOOO GOOD. Got the... -Burrata cheese/beet dish with berry yogurt. YUM. -Salt and pepper white shrimp. YUM. -Cinnamon-strawberry ribs. YUM. -Tuna tartare/eggplant dish. YUMMMMMM. The sauce drizzle was so tasty. The ambiance was hip and nice. Good for a date. I want to try everything on the menu.The outside area is beautiful. Make sure to make reservations during the weekends. Cons: Portions are rather dinky.
I am not a review writer unless my experience was beyond anything I could have ever imagined, or literally the worst thing I could have experienced. This, my friends, is an amazing, rave review. I took my boyfriend to Traif for his birthday on Monday night. I called ahead to make a reservation, asking the adorable bubbly girl on the other end of the phone if they did anything special for birthdays. She said, "we can put a candle in the desert!" Cute. I'll take it. The food was probably the most pampered my taste buds have ever been in my 28 years of existance, seriously. You could taste ever single flavor. Mind blowing. The drinks were ridiculously good. I remember having one that I could only describe as a "boozy apple pie". When desert came around (Flan Impossible .... they could just call it Divine, and it would easily live up to it's name.), an extra plate with a single candle melted to it was placed in front of my boyfriend. The smile on his face was priceless, the whole thing was just too cute. Traif completely outdid themselves. New York resturaunts sure have a lot to live up to with the existance of Traif. I will be back again and again and again .... Oh, and Luanne from Housewives was there dining with her boyfriend ... I think that speaks for the stanards of the elite!! Good job, Traif. I will forever be craving everything I ate last night....
This restaurant was good but I went of a Friday and that was a mistake. It was busy even at 1AM. The food was great but the service was a little rude and unwelcoming. I don't think I will be coming here again because I don't like to wait before I eat.
The food is just dang good, the portions are smaller than what I'm usually accustomed to, but the qualities and attention to details to each item is apparent. The menu does appear a bit overwhelming, as it is very wordy and took a bit longer than usual for me to go through and figure out what I want. The service is great, waiter was very attentive, there was never more than 2 plates on the table, and empty ones are quick to be gone, my glass was never empty of liquid. Be sure to call ahead and reserve though, the place gets really crowded at dinner, and I almost didn't have a place as a walk-in had I not show up as they opened. I personally recommend the BBQ braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries (the sauce is freaking amazing), Strawberry cinnamon short ribs (sweet gracious), and the Sauteed broccoli rabe with portobello mushrooms and fried egg (it was just delicious!).
I love me some Traif.  Good luck finding it at night.  No decent signage at all.  But I guess that adds to the ambiance. I think my heart says 5 stars, but brain says more like 4.5.  I have to say that all the dishes were immaculately prepared.  The service was nice and attentive, without being overbearing. Here are the dishes I loved: - spicy bigeye tuna tartare, tempura eggplant, kecap manis (yum, yum, yum) - roast pork belly, 'tipp's' beluga lentils, horseradish ravigout (mmm, pork belly...) - strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs (fall off the bone tender, moist, tasty) - seared foie, fingerlings, ham chips, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce (seriously, egg and bacon just take things over the top) - bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche, coffee ice cream (other than the coffee in the ice cream, everything was yummy on this plate.  not too sweet, just right) These dishes I enjoyed: - duck confit lettuce wraps, banana-tamarind, cucumber salad (the duck confit was tasty, but the bip (?) lettuce didn't mesh well with it. - hamachi carpaccio, avocado, grapefruit, shiso, sesame (good, but not great, i thought the citris overpowered the fish somewhat) - sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portobella-truffle toast, fried egg (I really enjoyed this dish, just didn't love it) - bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries (the slider was good, again not out of the world.  this dish was essentially pulled pork.) - bacon-wrapped blue cheese-stuffed dates, spinach a la catalana (I could have done without the blue cheese, but still tasty). I think the only thing I would not order again would be the autumn salad:  apples, cranberries, greens, bacon, maple pecans, and blue cheese (I thought the apples were on the more ripe side and needed to be on the greener side.  Also, I dislike arugula and this dish had it aplenty). I wouldn't hesitate to come back.  At all.
I have been to their brunch which was amazing (Challah French Toast). This time I came for dinner and it was even better. I had the Spicy Bigeye Tuna, Tempura Japanese Eggplant, Kecap Manis and it was really good. My date had a salad, although I don't recall which one it was, but she really liked it. The portions aren't big but the prices are cheap, so you should probably get more than one dish per person.
Second time we were here.Ordered too many dishes for the two of us, but we were hungry, and I couldn't narrow it down. Burrata salad- delicious ahi tuna over  eggplant ( a repeat) the favorite of the night once again. Eggplant light and crispy without being oily. strawberry glazed ribs- good, but just good ribs. sliders (went for the third, despite warnings from our waitress) this would have sufficed my desire for barbecue scallops- least favorite foie gras. with egg, potatoes- top favorite Could have omitted the ribs, although delicious strawberry glaze. Found them a bit dry and not as fall off the bone as I would have liked. Also, a bit heavy and filling Also, the scallops weren't a favorite this time, as they were on the last visit. It could have been that it was the last dish served and we were so stuffed by that time. I asked the waitress to recommend a dessert because by this time I was so full and couldn't decided. Should have gone with my gut feeling about her choice. She recommeded the budino and both my husband and I agreed, it was barely edible. Just not a good blend of flavors. The texture of the pudding was thick and grainy, the pear gelato, was too sour to add anything to the ultra thick corn like textured pudding, hidden under a very fake tasting whipped sort of processed cream. A disappointment  but they are entitled to a miss.  Don't be fooled by the smaller sized plates. They are very rich and filling. Four dishes would have been enough and we are big eaters.
Finally, I came back! Well It was a total foodgasm.  21/2 hours of eating and drinking, drinking and eating.. I think my eyes rolled back a couple of times and I almost had a When Harry Met Sally moment! This place is unbelievable.   Spicy Tuna Tar tare on a delicate eggplant tempura! Broccoli Rabe with a truffled toast Salt and pepper Shrimp with cold melon (eye roll) Pork Belly Pork Chop that damn pork chop...I will never be the same again. (insert scene from movie) Soft shell crab! Took a walk around the neighborhood and you damn right I came back for the bacon doughnuts....Cuz baby when you're good we always come back for more!
Very tongue and cheek with the name. Food was good, not great. But the staff was extremely courteous. Menu is comprehensive, so plenty to choose from.
Very cheap, easy and convenient to get too. The layout its a little cramped , but the patio looks inviting and spacious, sadly on this occasion it was covered in 3 feet of snow. It was new years day brunch and the place was pretty empty. They had a special New Years Brunch menu, it was lacking any real breakfast options, only two egg dishes. I got the seafood pot an my friend  ordered the egg in a basket. My food came first and i waited as long  as i could before my lovely seafood pot. 20mins in my friend told me to just eat as she sat there with food envy. We sat there enjoying my food, the mussels and scallops were amazing, and still my friends egg in a basket was nowhere in sight.....10mins later..... A full 30mins had passed and she finally  received her eggs, and she loved them! but said they weren't worth the wait. We got the bacon donuts to end it all, they are pure hype, crispy  crumbs of bacon dumped on to donuts holes. They would have been better without the bacon, the best part is the coffee ice cream on the side. I wasn't overly impressed by this place, the hipsters have taken shine to it and think its all the rage, but coming from a Brooklyn girl, its just ok. I will be back on a warmer day to partake in the back patio and some of the specialty drinks, maybe after a few drinks i won't care if the service sucks.
Just amazing, I have never been somewhere and liked everything on I ordered. I cant wait to go back!
I am not sure what all the fuss and high reviews are about. This place is OK-- period end of story. So I would give it 2.5 stars. I went Saturday with a group of 7 friends to celebrate a birthday. We each ordered about 2 plates each( I was hungry when all was said and done). I had a green salad with currants and snap peas (tasty but had 2 snap peas), pork belly (meh! and not cooked/rendered/seasoned enough), and a seared foie gras with maple syrup, eggs and fingerling potatoes (ok). Of the dishes I tasted the best were the softshell crab and a pasta dish with smoked peppers. I was underwhelmed by the ribs (too cinnamony and sweet), pork sliders (pork was rubbery and muddy tasting), ceviche (not well seasoned), fried green tomatoes ( too greasy and not seasoned) as well as the bacon donuts (ok). If this was a in my hood I doubt I would try Traif again. But as a destination restaurant it is absolutely NOT worth it. A note on the service: Our waitress was great and really attentive. However, the owner/manager was completely rude. We had an 8:30 reservation and most of our party arrived at about 8:15. The owner asked us to leave and have a drink around the corner! WTF? Who does that? We are about to drop hundreds of dollars at your restaurant and we cant drink at the bar? This alone would normally get this place a one star review but I decided to be fair and judge this place on the quality of the food and not the horribly rude owner.
My girlfriends and I hardly get together, but when we do, we love exploring and trying good food. Traif has been on my radar for awhile and as my good friend May L. suggested - we need to get more people to go so we can try more dishes. That's exactly what we did. All 7 of us. Made reservations for 8:30. Sat down at around 9. Not hating. They were busy and we weren't rushing. It's definitely recommended to make a reservation. Walk-ins had a long wait and were encouraged to get some drinks at their sister restaurant down the block while waiting for an available table. Rather than spending too much time on the menu deciding what to eat, we opted for the chef's course, which is a definite recommend. For around $40ish/pp, you are served the best and most popular dishes (and 11 of them, in fact). Stand outs: -Salad w/ soft goat cheese, sugar snap peas -Tuna tartare on top of fried eggplant -Seared scallops over pea risotto -Wild mushroom tempura -Bacon donuts w/ coffee ice cream (must order) All dishes were intended for sharing. Each dish came with 7 pieces so all of us were able to taste. Service was pretty impressive also. Despite the crowd and only 2 people on the line, we never had to wait long for the next dish. There was a little snafu in the beginning with the water, but after that cleared up, our glasses were constantly being filled. The staff was also extremely helpful and friendly. Can't wait to go back and order a la carte.
I can't even remember everything I had on our 1928874783 course tasting for only $40!!! Ridonks. FYI you need a minimum of 4 people to do the tasting menu. The resto is not that big and their kitchen is open and connected to the bar. Super quaint and cozy. Trying to jog my delicious food and bacon cocktail drunk memory: 1. They started us with a curry soup on the house. It was a bit thick for me and I rather save my tummy for the more delicious parts of the meal. 2. A salad of some sorts that I honestly can't remember. 3. BBQ sliders on the softest bun ever. The pork was sweet and tangy and the fries were crispy. 4. Fried quail and biscuits. This one was a take on fried chicken. It was a bit salty for me and the biscuit was too small and soggy for me. The skin and batter on the quail was very good minus the salty part.   5. Pork belly was omg a heavenly bite. A good balance of sauces and combo of juicy fat and flavorful meat. 6. Scallops were seared perfectly. Done. 7. Spicy big eye tuna had large chunks of tuna not the mushy kind you normally find that I become very suspicious of. 8. Warm Munster cheese with bits of chorizo and apples. This was a cute finger food dish. Although if you waited too long the cheese hardens and it's not as appetizing, so eat it fast!! 9. Bacon ice cream and donuts. So. Good. Seriously I can't say anything else about this. 10. There was more but I can't remember :( I guess this means I have to go back again :) Portions weren't too large or small. You will definitely be full after the 10+ courses but you won't be too full to the point where you need to unbutton your pants....seriously though - skip restaurant week and spend your $40 on a personal and wide variety meal that will delight your taste buds at Traif.
Bacon Doughnuts:   Tastes like delish maple syrupy bacon breakfast, smells like KFC chicken!!!!
I went here twice and always plan my next return before I'm done sucking the food out of my teeth.... God give me a second stomach.  The menus is exotic and never disappoints... Upon your return you try to order something new but it's difficult to resist the temptation of delicacies you've previously encountered.  The bacon donuts are a must and personally I feel the bacon covered, blue cheese dates are a must as well.   This is a safe bet for a date, a brunch, get ready to have some nice pork dishes that arent going to plant you on the couch and make you sleepy.  I think all of the dishes have good balance when it comes to taste, portion size and fat content, its not a health food spot but definitely not a pig out spot either.   If you make it there around 6 or so you can have a seat in the back with few of the nice garden, my wife loves that.  Come later and expect a wait for they get busy quickly.
Went last night with my boo, despite the long wait for a table we had a great time. Food was rich, full of flavor.  Had a great time
This place use to be amazing...but think they have turned snooty and stingy over the last year. With so many other amazing restaurants that are more convenient to get to...i wouldn't go out of my way to recommend this to anyonel Had a prefix for a group of 9 people, and for half of the courses, they gave us two dishes to share between 9 people...thought that was a bit ridiculous.  With $45/prefix x 9 people, we probably could have gotten more of selection than what they gave us.   Time to find a new favorite tapas place...
Back at Traif for round 2. Just as spectacular as the first time. Highlights the second time around included the tuna tartare and the chicken liver. I had one of their cocktails too that was amazing! Some sort of spice-infused vodka with cucumbers. Both spicy and refreshing, somehow. So worth it to come back for the tasting menu since it changes every time. Still wish they didn't bring the dishes out so quickly but I guess if they didn't do that, guests would be there all night.
Came for a late Saturday afternoon brunch. They serve brunch until 3:30 when they close and reopen for dinner at 6. Very unique, cutting edge brunch menu. It was hard to choose because there were so many things that looked interesting. We both started with the special pear ginger mimosas ($8). The fruity mimosa was effervescent and not too strong. Went down fast. After going back and forth I ordered the intriguing bacon, egg and cheese sliders ($8). It was two tiny sliders with blue cheese, eggs and crispy pork belly served on a White Castle type bun. The sliders themselves were tasty, but not very filling. The real hit were the sweet potato fries with smoked paprika aioli. They were awesome. I was still a little hungry so I went with the bacon doughnuts ($6) served with a small scoop of coffee ice cream. Nice presentation, but nothing outrageous. The munchkin size donuts had a few pieces of crunchy bacon sprinkled on top lying in a sticky syrup glaze. It was something different. My friend is Jewish and she mentioned the word Traif is Yiddish meaning not Kosher which is fitting because their menu is filled with bacon items.  Cool spot for brunch with fast, attentive service. Heated outside seating and an open kitchen which gave my friend ample time to check out the chef who she had the hots for..  3.75 stars.
Cannot rave enough about Traif...Came here once about a year ago, and loved it. Somehow, after last night's meal, it seems to have gotten even better...we shared the butterfish, scallops, chicken liver, softshell crabs, pork belly, seared foie gras, and sauteed veal sweetbreads...Yes, it was only two of us, and each dish was perfect, in its own inventive way. The waitress affably convinced us to try an Austrian red wine that was actually $20 CHEAPER than the one I was leaning towards, and it did not disappoint...Such a warm, fun experience. And frankly, one of the best meals I've ever had in this city, and I dine out a lot. Chef/Owner Jason bought us a round of digestifs, as we were his "gold-star table" of the night (probably because I ordered nearly half of the menu!) which is always a nice touch. Guy's a class act, and his passion for his food really shows... Can't wait to return
It almost seems redundant to give Traif a great review, since Yelp appears to be pretty full of them. That said, it was too fantastic of a surprise to let fade away without some internet recognition. We toyed with a few ideas for dinner in the area... Sweetwater, Rabbit Hole, Lokal? We were on our way to Rabbit Hole when we had a sudden change of heart and thank goodness we did. At 6:15 we showed up at Traif without a reservation, the host glanced around to see if he could accomodate... though there were many open tables at 6:15, they quickly filled up after we sat. The menu at Traif is full of things we were excited to try. The waitress explained the order of the menu from lighter to heavier dishes, though they are all fairly small and meant for sharing. We went for 6 dishes, though I am sure we would have been satisfied with 4 or 5, there were just too many enticing pairings to pass up. While perusing the menu, we were brought an amuse bouche of small shot glasses of bacon broth. Yes, bacon broth. It tastes exactly what it is, but is better than I would have ever imagined - salty, smoky warmth. First: the tricolore salad with fennel, pomegranate seeds, blood orange, and more... perfectly dressed, sweet, sour and crunchy - off to the right start. Second: the blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. Every bit as delicious as it sounds, with near-charred bacon and blue cheese strong enough to give interest and subtle enough not to distract. Third: Joe's chopped chicken livers - in a little pot - smooth creamy moussey liver scented with rosemary, with crunchy balsamic toast to spread it upon.  Decadent, as chicken liver mousse must be, but the hints of rosemary made it a bit unusual. Fourth: Burrata with avocado creme mousse. Burrata was exquisite. Avocado mousse refreshing and lovely.... not sure I would pair them together again, but still managed to clean the plate. Fifth: Pork cheeks with Israeli couscous, pomegranate, apple and other fantastic compliments. Meat was tender and impeccably cooked and the bed of accompaniments did not fade into the background. Sixth: Dayboat scallops over a cauliflower puree with hazelnuts and blood orange. Again, cooked to perfection, complimented perfectly. This praise getting annoying yet? Although completely stuffed and happy, we took just a peek at the dessert menu and couldn't help ourselves. I am a nutella girl and fiance is a bacon man... so we had to order, not one, but two desserts to share. Dessert One: Nutella mousse with banana ice cream and pistachio crumble on top. Dessert Two: Bacon topped dulce de leche doughnuts with a scoop of coffee ice cream on the side. The service was delightful. Fiance commented that our waitress seemed stoned, but she was charming and attentive. Our food came quickly, with very little lag time (if any) between courses and we were checked on as to the goodness of our meal numerous times. The restaurant isn't much to look at, but the high level of every single bite of food we tasted makes up for the minimal ambiance tenfold. We will definitely be back, and will be talking about the fantastic meal we had at Traif until then.
People be lovin' Traif. Maybe it is just the Californian in me who cringes at the price we pay for food in New York (not at all an admonishment of Traif). When I got the bill, I thought "Dios Mio" and I still could have eaten more. Small plates add up and so does the drink tab. Speaking of the food alone, though, it was pretty bomb. My friend and I split a few dishes and they were all solid. I don't know that I would come back here, given the price+the distance (I live in Park Slope)+the fact that there are a million BOMB restaurants in NYC. But it was a good experience.
Did the tasting menu here with a couple of friends. Amazing!! Food, service, drinks, timing everything was on point. Will recommend to everyone.
I have to thank a few new Yelp friends for their 5-star reviews of Traif that made me bookmark this place for date night! No reservations available for Saturday? Of course not when you call Saturday at 1pm... except there was a cancellation (lucky us) and the manager called to ask if we wanted the spot. Clearly! The service we received was everything 5-stars is made of: from the reservation phone call to the attentive & warm table service to the gracious thank-you as we were leaving after our meal. And the stars just kept oozing out of this place. The set up of the restaurant is so intriguing. The hot kitchen is open to the space and consists of a few burners, a single fryer, and two Chefs! I loved watching them work in such a small space. Truly unique. Our table was smack dab in the middle of the room but we never felt crowded. Our table top never felt too crowded either. This is small-plates, sharing-encouraged food done correctly! We ordered what we, with the help of the great waiter, thought were the 6 most popular, interesting dishes. Our favorites were: -Lentil Cassoulet.... jam packed with meats and the lentils made for a nice departure from the usual chunky-beans found in most cassoulets -Pig Tails with honey & marcona almonds... such tender, fall of the bone meat. We sucked these absolutely dry and wanted to order more. I will not stop talking about how delicious they were We found the seared foie to be the most disappointing dish of our set. The foie and the sunny egg were cooked absolutely perfectly, but there was no texture to the dish and the Chef went a little heavy on the maple syrup....so much so that no foie flavor came through. The bacon donuts with coffee ice cream ended our meal and it was a great way to do so. I love that the menu changes slightly all of the time and I already have plans to bring a friend back here next week. I can't wait to try more.
One of the few times that something has lived up to the hype, sort of like The Avengers.... I could write a review on the food, but I would literally be writing what everyone below said and probably verbatim. I stuck with some of the popular items cinnamon glazed ribs, rib sliders, shrimp (forgot the rest of the name) and the bacon doughnuts. Everything was excellent. Waiters are a little eager but I don't mind because I hate dishes idly sitting on the table.
Loved it.  Pork bellies, sliders, soft shell crab, pozole, and georgia peach salad were highlights.  Nice room in shadow of the bridge.  Nice and quiet when we got there shortly after open (6 pm on Saturday), was hopping by the time we left.  Tremendous value, as well.
Great: little burger, sprout , fried donuts, soft shell crab, ok: ribs, foie gras
I was going to talk about their silly policy of having people wait out in the cold (even if it is an enclosed area) until the entire party is seated. I was going to talk about the hostess/greeter talking shop to a trainee while I was in earshot (did you know a party of 2 is allotted 1.5 hours at a table?). However... All of that is water under the bridge because the moment we were seated, everything moved so smoothly, from drink service to food service, I forgot about that whole silliness. The food was so damn delicious! I started out with bacon soup (on the house). It was so savory, I couldn't wait to get my hot little hands on my food order. We had glazed chicken sriracha wings (tasty, but not special; bonus points for no breading); strawberry- cinnamon glazed ribs(delicious! Fell off the bone into my mouth); salt & pepper shrimp (juicy, buttery and crispy at the same time); pork BBQ  rib sliders (Amazing! It literally melts in your mouth); and, muenster cheese with chorizo sausage (I don't eat cheese or bread, but this was too delicious to not at least taste. Which I did. A few times.) You would think with all that food they'd have to roll people out the door, but no! The portions are sized just right so you're satisfied without feeling like a pig. If you're the type who believes that a bigger portion is a better meal, I still say give this place a try! The prices are reasonable enough that for less than 100, you and a friend can have a feast. We had already made our minds up after the disappointing drink selection (it was all tailored to complement the meats) that we would eschew dessert and head to another place for drinks. But, she offered us the menu and, curious, we found ourselves ordering the bacon donuts (don't be grossed out - you can barely taste the bacon it's so mild. And actually, unexpectedly delicious!) and the custard dish (the name escapes me right now, but the combination of whipped cream, custard, chocolate, caramel and sorbet was pretty awesome). I must say, I didn't pay much attention to the ambience because I was there to eat, but  the place is cozy with dim but readable lighting and I did notice when they brought out a high-chair for a party with a baby. (Personally, I don't think this place is ideal to bring a baby, but for the most part the kid was quiet, so what do I know? I only mention it in case you absolutely have to get out of the house and can't get a sitter). I will warn you - make reservations. Especially on weekends They are gracious with you being a little late, but anything unexpected and they may turn you away. It's to help the chef - the hostess was talking about it. Will I go back again? That would be a hell to the yeah. As a side note , we were there 1.25 hours.
Butterfish carpaccio, bacon wrapped dates stuffed in blue cheese, chinese brocolli layered with bread then portabella mushroom then an egg and then parmesean cheese! oh-em-gee! Staff is friendly and the spot is very busy (went on a Saturday night...) I will definitely go back, but on a weeknight.
Pork belly on corn, braised rib slider with sweet potato fries, tuna tartare on tempura zucchini and the  watermelon gazpacho
Soooo goooood.  Get a bottom menu option each and one top menu option per two people and yummm... the menu changes so I won't waste too much time on dishes but its excitingly good.  Best brunch item I've had were the pork belly egg sliders... best dinner option the risotto with escargot and pork belly.  All soooo very good.  I've been four times in three weeks but I think there are pitfalls when you order.  I don't know how to tell you how to avoid these but if you're with someone who is generally a good orderer I would go with them.  This sounds weird but with a menu that changes a lot of stuff if experimental so not all of it is tried and tested and sometimes things just don't work.  Like my bud got a seafood dish with chipotle chilis and I noted the chilis would overwhelm the dish... he ordered it... it did.  Still very well cooked dish and good... but not what you would expect from the reviews.  So when you see a bad review keep this in mind but do not be deterred... this place is tops.
Obviously not much has changed in my opinion here, but I did want to comment upon the tasting menu -- which my group of 5 indulged in last night; it was absolutely divine. At first we thought that there is no way in hell that the small plates brought to us one by one could feed us all, but the cumulative effect of the 11 courses really does add up to a satisfying amount of food. The chef's selection is excellent, and at $40 a pop it's really worth it to give the tasting menu a shot if you haven't already tried a good deal of their menu. Just note that everyone at the table has to participate, and the tasting menu is for a minimum of 3-person parties. Also, their key lime pie is the best I have ever had.
Would be 5 stars but the reservation process is annoying. Went with my boyfriend (for his birthday) we shared 4 plates and deserts: Strawberry-Cinnamon BBQ ribs BBQ rib sliders with sweet potato fries baked Munster cheese Fried Quail (not in that order, since the plates come randomly) For dessert we had, Vanilla Panna Cotta Bacon Dough nuts w coffee ice cream (no your not able to choose ice cream flavor its either coffee or Dulce DE leche, whatever they have that night) Food was AMAZING, atmosphere was a bit cramped but intimate which was nice.
We went out there for a Sunday brunch and got to sit at the lovely garden space in the back. The garden was arranged beautifully with flowers coming out. The sitting area was bright and happy. I thought that the brunch menu was a bit limited. I guess that my expectation was a bit too high from friends and neighbors. So I was a bit disappointed with the small menu for brunch. However, the food was nice. We had bacon egg cheese sliders and mushroom feta, spinach scramble with truffle toast. The sliders were arranged beautifully with sweet potato fries. That orange sauce that came with fries was really good. We ended the meal with bacon doughnuts. Who would have thought of this combination would be so pleasant!
i am definitely a fan! cute intimate garden, friendly warm staff. bf (who's NOT a foodie) said he felt 'intoxicated' by our meal by the end. the food was excellent, tho overall I preferred the small plates over the entrees: -- Low point (and really not that low)- fried calamari: with the spicy sweet thai flavoring, i was expecting a light and crispy texture but these were heavily breaded and we got lots of little bits of fried whatever that collects at the bottom of a fryer. tasty indeed though. -- High point: hamachi carpaccio w/nectarines: wonderful subtle flavors, light with a silky texture. -- Over the top: bacon donuts with vanilla ice cream. Finished this by myself, yum! Other notes: loud indoor space when there's large parties, huge rat that casually ambled through the spotlights in the garden, lag time btwn dishes, not enough light veggie dishes to fit heat and humidity of summer (yah, this review is from June) Will return to try the latest seasonal menu!
Everything was really delicious.  Great, warm, fun atmosphere.  Gets a little hectic/crowded.  Brussel sprouts were maybe the only disappointment.
After reading all these positive reviews we came here expecting a 5 star meal. Unfortunately that was not the case. Some of the food was good but nothing spectacular. This is a Brooklyn place trying to be a Manhattan eatery meanwhile they're a hole in the wall with terrible service. The waitress that served us acted as if she was doing us a favor the entire time and when I asked for suggestions on the menu she was of zero help. Her attitude was nasty from the start we remained cordial because I didn't want anything to be done to our food. Just as an FYI my husband and I dine all over the city at the best restaurants. Also, they have this loud rock music on the entire time you eat and the portions are ridiculously small.  There were a few of us, our bill was close to $500 w tip, she charged us a 20% tip automatically. I'd say we had about 15-17 small plate orders to share. The pork ribs were meh I've had better a local Chinese restaurant The prawns were my favorite, actually very good. The foigra was good as well but very over salted and had an egg on it which made no sense. The rib sliders were just OK, fries were good salt and pepper shrimp ( meh) The burratta salad was the size of a finger portion The scallops were tasty mussels were OK, It's a personal choice I didn't like the foigra broth.
Drove in from the city and was skeptical about the decision. Upon arrival the place was dead but as soon as 8 PM hit it was packed. The service was impeccable as was the food. Only wish I was drinking to chase the delicacies with a good full bodied wine. Even the complimentary appetizers and palate cleanser was out of this world. New York City you have met your match. I am awarding my first 5 star rating. ! ! I
This place is great.  I do not like that I cannot substitute things on the Menu.  I understand your reasoning and I'm not trying to be difficult.  I do have certain allergies, so it would be nice If I can order what I want..sheesh. Either way I love the food here..so maybe they can put this review on my tombstone.
delicious food ,,deliberately not kosher lol
The food is absolutely fantastic! However, it only gets 4 stars because of the attitude of "some" of the staff. Usually we've had good experiences there, but lately, they have gotten really popular, and the staff isn't always as decent as they should be. That aside, the food really is wonderful.
Make a reservation for sure! We came in at 6pm (when they open) and just managed to snag the only walk-in table. I know there's been a lot of hype around Traif lately and I know some people think it is all just hype but I just had one of the best meals of my life here. Everything was such a perfect balance of flavors - everything was an amazing contrast! There was contrasting flavors put together in almost every dish. My favorite of the night was either the Strawberry Glazed Ribs or the Salt & Pepper Shrimp. Both were very flavorful and tender. The ribs, especially, fell right off the bone! Definitely try out the Bacon Doughnuts. Get the Budino too if you have the room! Both were excellent!
WOW I am in heaven. This is my absolute favorite restaurant. The menu is perfection, I want to be friends with the staff and I would die happy if my last meal was served at their counter. We waited an hour to eat, but I can honestly say I'd wait it again!
Hmm..Mmm...WOW. I like that the name of the restaurant literally means "non kosher."  Of course I wouldn't mind having blessed food, this place is perfect for pork and shellfish lover.  The dishes are similar to tapas sized portions and are meant to be shared amongst 2-3 people each.  We had a party of 9 and tried everything from the pig tails to the cheese with smoked chorizo to the bacon wrapped figs. If anything, Traif should get an A+ for menu writing.  That in itself is quite an art and the food definitely matches up to it.  Ever single item on this menu made me salivate the second I start reading.  I look forward to coming back to try the other half of the menu.
one of our favorite places to eat when we decide to trek into brooklyn. the food is phenomenal and the price is great! the menu is tapas style, so go with a big group so you can share a bunch of different things. our group ordered 2 of (almost) everything and it was perfect. my faves are the bacon wrapped dates, pulled pork sliders, broccoli rabe, bacon donuts, calimari...really you cant go wrong with anything on their menu. the space is small and intimate, great for either a romantic date (try to get the garden in the warmer months) or with small groups (i think a party larger than 10 would be too much). the owner is so personable and nice, love her and our waiter was very accomodating to our group. only downside is if you want to seat a large party in the beautiful (but small) courtyard garden, there is a $2,000 (if i remember correctly) minimum spending tab. i will be coming back again and again.
delicious brunch.  sat outside on the adorable patio and had the pork and udon soup - amazing.  waiter was funny and gave good recomendations.
When My Yelp friend asked me to pick where I want to eat when I am in town, I know I really want to come to Traif! I was more surprised to know that as a local, she never been to Traif yet?! So what were we waiting for?! I was so fortunate to able to enjoy and share some of what Traif offers with a group of 7! We tried 2/3 on the menu and I have to say most of the dishes were excellent and some even amazing! Blistered shishito peppers, cantaloupe, marconas, feta, mint, orange ($8) Glazed-confit chicken wings, hoisin, five spice, sriracha ($9) Berkshire pork belly, rhubarb, grapefruit, blackberries, sugar snaps ($11) Icy blue mussels, cherry tomatoes, saffron-orange butter, shells, white wine ($15) Crispy soft shell crabs, crushed avocado, pineapple sambal, red papaya ($22) Baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, crostini ($9) Fricassee of escargot, braised artichokes, mushrooms, whipped nduja toast ($10) Bellflower pasta, italian sausage, roasted piquillo peppers, torn basil ($14) Seared foie, fingerlings, ham chips, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce ($18) - Can I eat that as brunch every Sunday? Bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche , coffee ice cream ($7) Love all the combination of flavour and texture.  It was such a delightful experience for our taste buds as we enjoyed all this little dishes of surprise! Service here is exceptionally good and attentive. I just love everything about Tarif. I guess I need to come back next time when I am in town to try out the scallops and the ribs!
Tasting menu, damn. Drinks, delicious. Service, delightful. Just go already.
Traif is what I would call a unique dining experience.  You can tell a lot of heart and soul goes into this food.   I loved my dining experience at Traif and if I lived in NYC I would be here on the regular.  I'm jealous of all you Williamsburg residents that have this gem in your neighborhood. We ordered a variety of small plates and none of them disappointed!   We had: Broccoli Rabe with bread and egg - really tasty and cooked perfectly Tuna Tartares- We doubled up on the tuna tartare, its just that good. One of the best items on the menu Beets and goat cheese - Also very tasty Strawberry pork ribs Seared scallops Osso Bucco - a standout for sure and our grand finale! It's amazing how they cook it all on a 6 burner stove.  I love this place.  These chefs have talent and I respect that!
i would like to say i loved this place but it simply wouldn't be true. on the recommendation of a number of friends we had dinner at traif saturday night. the food was tasty if a bit flat. i expected huge interesting flavors but what we got was very run of the mill new american. i am trying to recall the 6 dishes we had but am having trouble as only a couple of them stood out to us. the butterfish was light and bright and clean. the foie was pleasant enough but without the hot sauce would have been unfortunate. the cinnamon sugar strawberry ribs didn't have much in the way of flavor and were certainly lacking in strawberry. we were unimpressed with the food enough we didn't even bother with desert. for cocktails i had the thai basil drink. very tasty but almost undrinkable as tiny stirrer straw prevented any liquid from passing through the basil. the sazerac was excellent though the server seemed a bit shocked when i asked if they had absinthe (which was odd since they did). the decor is another story. it was awful. i felt like i was inside a early 90's abstract painting and the bathroom made me feel like i was at a tgi fridays. the patio/greenhouse did look lovely as i walked by but unfortunately we were not seated there. the room was piping hot at our table but freezing under the a/c at the table behind ours.   all in all i was quite disappointed. eta - also i forgot. i asked the server if a certain dish could be served without mint as i am allergic. she answered no it couldn't. no big deal i ordered something else. but after our meal she brought us a small sweet of two pieces of pineapple...topped with chopped mint! personally i think a server should remember if a customer says they are allergic to something and not serve it to them...but that is just me.
Yum...  and YUM.  Basic american-style ingredients raised to the next level.  Nothing fancy, but all well-made.  Our group for brunch had Chicken & biscuits, bacon-egg sliders, and chilaquiles (sp?), as well as a Bloody Mary and bacon doughnuts.  I can't identify anything way out of the ordinary in the ingredients, just very well cooked and presented.
Went to Traif when a good buddy was in town for a med school interview. With the tasting option for three, we were able to try most of the menu, and sharing small plates of course was easier than eating off each other's plates as we end up doing elsewhere. So good! The wait staff was really great to seat us and let us know that they needed the table back in an hour--which ended up meaning our food was expedited and it was awesome. They were also very patiently informative about each dish and honest about personal favorites. Sat in the back. Would love to try Xixa (same restaurant group) soon and also come back to Traif when the menu's switched up.
I think we went on an off day because we all found the food mostly underwhelming.  I wished it was as amazing as the Yelpers described, but it just wasn't.  Did we order the wrong dishes?  I don't know, but I was just disappointed with the dinner we had. Arugula Salad - Best dish of the night.  Refreshing and light. Glazed Confit Chicken Wings - It was just okay.  The texture was off...like it had been boiled with glaze bushed over it without grilling or frying it up to give the skin a bit of a crisp. The Foie Gras - I was really excited to try this dish, but it was cut thick and unevenly so it was undercooked in the middle (it was red) and parts of it were completely overcooked so it was grainy. BBQ Short Ribs - It looked amazing when it came out, but it was extremely dry even with the glaze.  The strawberry-cinnamon glaze was okay. Short Rib Sliders with Sweet Potato Fries - Sliders were good, but nothing special. Brussel Sprouts - the Asian inspired dish was decent.
GREAT FOOD!! review for brunch and dinner. first off this place is cute small and quaint. you can see the food while its being cooked if you really wanna know what goes on. got a nice little outdoor seating area that is heated. so for the food. the menu for brunch is breakfast/ lunch mixed in with the dinner menu so u can order whatever your palette desires. bacon anything in this place is good. from the Red Little Pig to the Bacon doughnut. its all great. for dinner we had the tasting menu for 8 people and it was really good. small portions that you would think it wouldnt fill you up but it does (and I eat a lot). getting me hungry thinking about the food i had. manggggggg Traifffff
Came here for my friends birthday with 12 other people. Our meal was a tasting menu selected by the chef so I don't remember everything we had. I do remember everything was tasty and well thought out. There wasn't one thing I was truly disappointed in. However, the absolute standouts were the cherry glazed ribs and the bacon doughnuts. I would come back just for those two things! I highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to coming back soon!
The rumor is true. Whatever you try there is just finger-licking-good. I am glad i took my most  adventurous friends with me because after the first round of relatively conservative offerings (seared scallops - yum; fried calamari - the best I ever had; short ribs - absolutely delicious; mussels - even my husband who hates mussels ate them... ) we decided to try oxtails, bone marrow, pork belly - all the stuff I never imagined myself eating... and you know what, I loved it all! The only downside was one of our guests was vegetarian (a single one in the party of six -- the rest of  us avid meat eaters): there was but one item he could eat (I called beforehand to ask if  vegetarian food was available on today's menu and was told yes...). But other than that, the experience was amazing, and I will definitely come back for more. Invite friends (the more the merrier), come hungry  and do  leave room for donuts! And key lime pie!!
Excellent. Got 13 different dishes and all great, esp scallops, sliders, cinnamon strawberry ribs, persimmon salad. Drinks: pimm's fizz, little pig(?). A bit loud, hard to hear.
Add this to my list of favorite places to eat. I can't wait to come back. the menu is seasonal and changes often. since it's tapas style, it's meant for sharing. this place stands out for it's unique menu and unexpected flavors. the pomegranate glazed baby back ribs are a must. the tender meat falls off the bone and the pomegranate glaze sets it apart from others. roasted brussel spouts with grapes, tomatoes, puffed rice, herbs and chile-garlic vinagrette-- who knew roasted brussel sprouts can taste this good? I could eat a whole plate of this! mixed greens salad with slices of persimmon, granny smith apples,candied walnuts and grated parmesan cheese-- awesome salad, very refreshing and light. pan seared scallops has the perfect texture and flavor. I don't remember the sauce but it was yummy. sauteed broccoli rabe with portabella truffle toast and fried egg- comfort food for anytime of the day. glazed confit chicken wings and pork belly was good but didn't standout so I'd rather try something else. for dessert, the vanilla panna cotta with pomegranate and sliced oranges was delightful. bacon doughnuts with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream- salty and sweet paired with warm and cold... I love the contrast and it all pairs wonderfully to end the perfect meal.
Traif provided me and my sister with one of the best meals we have had in our lives last night!!! I brought my sister here to celebrate her birthday. I recommend making reservations because this place quickly filled up! We started off with the Rude little Pig cocktail with the rim coated in bacon bits, that's right, bacon!!! It was delicious. The chef here is a genious. Each dish that my sister ate was amazing! The menu has many choices that are meant to be shared. Between two people it is recommended you order 5 dishes, or six if you are very hungry. Each dish on average costs $10 (for more light dishes) to $19 (for more rich dishes). We ordered: Start off with complimentary sweet potatoe soup shooter (YUM) white fish sauteed in a bacon sauce over a bed of flavorful seaweed salad (YUMMY) Big-Eye Tuna over vegetable tempura with delicious sauce (Whoa, so good!) Bork Belly with potatoe puree, string beans, and grapefruit (WOW, it all came together perfectly) Mussels with shrimp, sausage, in a white wine garlic sauce (salivating just thinking about it) Strawberry, pomegranite, cinammon marinated short ribs (Heavenly, fall of the bone deliciousness) For dessert: Nutella Mousse (light, fluffy and mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm good) Caramel Glazed FRESH DONUTS with BACON, Dulce de Leche ice cream on the side (AMAZING dish to end your meal!) Our waitress and other staff were very courteous and answered all questions we had. Our plates were cleaned off the table as soon as we finished each dish and the waitress seemed to really care that we were comfortable and enjoying our gastronomical experience. Bathroom matched the decor of the restaurant and was very clean. My theory is that the condition of the bathroom is a good indication of the condition of the kitchen ;-) I will definitely be back again. Remember to make a reservation to ensure a seat here in a timely fashion.
delish!!! orgasm in your mouth! small plates so get like 5 different things. also get dessert! donuts with bacon bits. yummmmmmmm :D
I organized a birthday party here for 15 people this past weekend, and it was an unparalleled success. The selection of small plates that continued to arrive made dining very easy. All the guests had to do was decide their next cocktail or bottle of wine. The service was top notch, and for a large group there was almost no drop in quality. The food is a notch above. Artfully prepared and presented, it brings the concepts of both "BBQ"  and small plates to another level. Very, very well done.
Few things live up to the hype but Traif may be the rare exception.  I ate here recently and the entire evening was almost perfect, from the reservation process (via email, with immediate responses) to our wonderful waitress who even moved us when we were stuck next to a loud table (and claustrophobically wedged into the corner).  We ordered a white wine--I don't remember too much about it; it did the trick.  Foodwise, we were advised to order 5-6 plates to share.  This may have been a little too much, i think we would have been fine with 4, but this way we got to try more.  We ordered a salad with peaches and blue cheese (fine; I might skip it though and save room for the more exciting stuff), the pork belly, the fried egg with kale, and meunster with chorizo.  The egg dish was actually quite large, and we couldn't really finish it.  it was a little boring, but I was also getting full here.  The pork belly was incredible.  it was a few days ago and I'm still thinking about how good it was.  Lastly we got the meunster chorizo.  Here is where I felt like the set-up could have been a bit better.  For a substantial ramekin, we got 4 micro pieces of toast.  We asked for more bread right away, but it took them awhile to provide and in the meantime our molten cheese hardened to an unappetizing gummy texture.  Dessert somewheat made up for the bread sitch; we ordered the bacon donuts (obviously) which were great, although just tasted like donuts, and banana pudding which was amazing!  I wish I'd finished the whole dish, but at this point I was near the painful point of being full, so sadly had to stop.  Next time--less dishes, more bread with the cheese and get the pudding!
4.5 stars. Came with friends last night for the 11-course chef's choice menu. While I didn't even really take a look at the menu, there were a few things our friend wanted to try, and the waitress asked us if there was anything we wanted to make sure we had. Service was good throughout, and the wine list and cocktails were great. My favorite courses were the sliders, the scallops and the bacon donuts. Really though - I would come back for the sliders alone. They were truly unreal. I'm not giving it 5 stars for a few reasons. First, when we checked in, the guy at the door was a bit rude. Some of the plates were really hard to split between a few people. But mostly, the courses came SO quickly, one after another, often 2 or 3 at a time. There wasn't enough time to savor the taste or talk about a dish before the plate was grabbed and replaced with another. In order to make it more of an experience, it would be great if the courses were spaced out just a bit. But overall, great food for the price and a great evening out.
Wow, just an incredible experience. Went with two friends for dinner on Saturday. Their is one chef, 2 sous chefs, and a 6 burner kitchen. That is it. Everything they make is art. We had the strawberry cinnamon ribs which were finger licking good and the pork belly with fruits. The pork belly had a little too much fat but still wonderful. We each ordered a dish for our main meal. One friend ordered the soft shells crabs with papaya. I am allergic to crab but it was beautiful and she said it was great. My other friend had the short rib sliders and chicken wings - man the sauce on those wings was good. However, my dish was the best - grilled broccoli rabe with portobello mushrooms, a thick slice of truffle toast, a fried egg, and pungent cheese. This was the BEST egg dish I have ever eaten. We also had the bacon donuts - can I get an order of that right now? Most dishes are 10 - 15 dollars, and you should get a few to share. If you want an exquisite experience without going broke go to Traif.
we're not usually ones to make reservations but it was high time we tried traif.  i've been hearing great things about it since it opened but the past couple of times we'd stopped by for dinner, the wait was out the door. so, i finally bit the bullet, made a reservation and invited a few close friends to enjoy the experience with me. at first view of the menu, i was reminded of alta, the great tapas restaurant in the west village. there was a sampling of cuisine from all over and the waitress recommended sharing a number of items for the table. fair warning, it's hard to ignore your gut when it begs you to get crazy and just order one of everything... we restrained though and settled for eight of the small plates and 4 of the more robust dishes.  it was the right amount for six people; that paired with cocktails and bacon covered donuts for dessert, we were definitely content when we were finished. we started with roasted brussels sprouts, a roasted carrot and sunflower seed salad, seared scallops and salt & pepper shrimp. the dishes flavors didn't in any way tie together, other than the fact that they were all incredibly delicious. the portions weren't large but when each bite explodes with flavor, all you really need is a taste. we moved on to my personal favorite; the sauteed broccoli rabe with portobella-truffle toast, a fried egg and parmesan on top. i'm telling you, this one dish will make your night, don't skip it! after that, we indulged in pork cheeks in a creamy polenta (who knew i liked these?), strawberry glazed baby back ribs, quail served atop biscuits with bacon gravy and short rib sliders served with sweet potato fries and a spicy chipotle sauce. the menu rotates relatively frequently but regardless when you go, i'm sure you won't be disappointed.  we were surprised at how reasonable the cost was as well.  we had a six-top table and ordered two bottles of wine as well as a few cocktails and paid $65 per person. the service was warm and friendly, the atmosphere was laid back and comfortable and most importantly, the food was spot on. love, love, love traif.
Delicious! My friend and I ate dinner here. Its a smaller place so definitely wouldn't recommend for groups. The music was a little loud and just didn't really fit the scene. BUT, the food more than made up for it! We got the butterfish carpaccio, grapefruit, avocado, mint and stage; the  local mozzarella, red beets, pomegranate, yogurt, mint; baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden appels, crostini; and bbq sliders! ALL the dishes we got are so good. Every ingredient in it was important as it created the best combination of tastes. Would definitely recommend if you are trying a new restaurant. Also, we ended the meal with bacon doughnut with coffee ice cream. I'm not a fan of bacon, so I requested for the bacon to not be on mine. They give you 4 in one dish! 2 was enough per person. Its one of the best desserts I've ever had. To top it all, the bill came out to $65 for 2 people! Thats SO good for what we got!
Your experience eating out is this weird combination of ambiance, food, service, the company that you're with, the comparative context that you are dining in, your expectations and anything else that's important to you that evening. I made the mistake of going to the sister restaurant of Traif, Xixa, 2 nights before my visit to Traif. Sorry, but it totally threw off my Traif experience, since Xixa was so awesome. 1st/ this place is super popular and the space is small, so you should consider making reservations. 2nd/ the menu is pretty interesting ( which is kind of a problem when out with the guy that hates anything beyond pretty basic meal options) 3rd/ Just go. You know you want to.  The uniqueness of the menu is reason enough. The ambiance is nice enough for a date, but chill enough for dinner with friends. I don't think I'd come here alone as this restaurant was totally made for sharing - both the food and the experience.
I don't know where I am, but i've been here before.  The patio is serene and darkened, a comfortable canopy of grape tendrils gives cover, a lazy fan laps breeze into your cheeks, the Decemberists are playing in the background.  A bite of creamy burrata complimented by the sweet and tang of a lightly marinated salad of strawberries and peaches, taste like summer.  I could be at any great restaurant back patio in the world, but i'm right here in Williamsburg. I'm in the middle of a thought provoking meal at Traif.  A newish restaurant that, judging by the light crowd on a Friday night, hasn't gained traction with the locals quite yet.  Food and service like this, and I suspect that will soon change. Lightly fried sweet breads, complimented by the earthiness of artichokes and maitake mushrooms, make me wonder why all restaurants (other than Traif) tend to over-batter and over-cook their sweet breads.  I'm also guiltily struck at how much sweet breads are reminiscent of Chicken McNuggets, which is maybe why they're so enjoyable. An earthy and unctuous plate of tender sauteed broccoli rabe on a bed of portabella bechemel and topped with an over easy egg could convert me into a full time vegetarian - I don't miss meat at all with this dish.  A competently done cockle and conchiglie pasta, mounted with butter, flecked with truffle oil and spiked with jalapenos, tastes much lighter and cleaner than the sum of its parts.  I also wonder why Traif, which is decidedly non-Italian, is running circles around most Italian restaurant's pasta. A dessert of brown sugar budino, a delicious but complicated palette of reserved notes - chocolate, sweet and saltiness - caused my palate to wildly reach for approximations.  "Where have I had this flavor profile before?  Caramel corn at the county fair?  Chocolate mousse at Robuchon?  Where?"  I can't make up my mind, but I know this budino is damn tasty. The food is on point, the wine is flowing, and the final bill is too good too be true.  I'm struck at how good the food is, how modestly it's priced, and wonder why all restaurant's can't figure out this formula.  Maybe i'm not at any restaurant's back patio in the world.  I'm right here at Traif.
Having been a resident of Williamsburg for nearly 2 years and tried nearly everything around, Traif is my favorite place here, if not in all of NYC. The place serves mostly small dishes, it is great for small groups so you can try a variety of dishes.  The dishes are all individually unique with flavor combinations you have perhaps never dreamed up of.  My favorite was the bacon covered dates which in and of itself was not unique to trait, but was spectacularly done. Highly recommended - promise you will not be disappointed.
It has taken me nearly 5 months since discovering Traif to write this review. WHY? So I could taste test almost everything on the menu and give an resounding 100% review that (as I expected with the very first bite I took here) that this is THE BEST RESTAURANT IN NEW YORK CITY. Not just in Brooklyn folks, you heard me right: IN ALL OF NEW YORK F*CKING CITY. There are several reasons for this, and I will address them in this order: 1. Phenomenal Flavor 2. Perfect plating 3. Superb Staff #1. FLAVOR I have tried nearly every dish on the menu here. In the first week alone after stumbling upon and taking a chance on Traif, I dined here 3 times. 3 TMES IN ONE WEEK.   [You might look at the average 4-5 star rating I give establishments on Yelp and think "Ok, big deal. You like almost every place you go to." In actuality, I don't go to that many places which haven't already been vetted by fellow highly active Yelpers and/or been sung the praises of by a publication or critic I trust. So there! And I hadn't as much as read about, heard of, or even looked for Traif at all. The gas in my then shitty apartment went out and I literally wandered the streets looking for something that "called to me" until I couldn't stave off hunger any longer. Obviously I'm a little more than elated that I did.]   Ok, back to the food. Ingredients are fresh, fun, and combined in exciting and unexpected ways. The overall concept is American new, slightly French-inspired, but with a "comfort food" twist. I can't possibly get into detail about every dish ever had, because I've eaten menu staples and new additions or replacements each time and everything is always outstanding, and yes i DO notice all the potency of the flavors so I really mean that when I say it. Some things that stand out off the top of my head: -strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs with pomegranate seeds -veal sweetbreads with artichoke and asparagus -brussel sprout, grape, and cucumber salad -cinnamon cumin soup shot that comes complementary before dinner -fricasse of escargot, chorizo, and giant white beans -bacon maple doughnuts with ducle de leche ice cream -brown sugar and chocolate budino -day boat scallops in whatever new concoction they are playing around with!! -thai spicy calamari -suateed broccoli rabe with egg and toast .... do I need to continue? **Note, THE WAITERS WILL INFORM YOU THAT THE MENU IS DESIGNED TO SHARE, AND DISHES ARE LISTED IN ORDER FROM LIGHTEST TO HEAVIEST DISH. The menu is always evolving, but you will never see the cinnamon-strawberry glazed baby back ribs, broccoli rabe with toast, or veal sweet breads go anywhere.  Same fores for the bacon doughnuts. Also, you cannot go wrong with the chef selection menu at $40 per person!! #2 PLATING One of my biggest gripes about food in New York in general is that, unless you're at a $$$$-$$$$$ restaurant then, you can't expect the presentation to live up to the taste. But at Traif, you can!! Everything looks beautiful on its dish. Nothing is overly complicated (where you feel you're paying more for presentation than for a true serving of food) but everything is constructed just so that you would think you're dining at a $$$$ restaurant. #3. STAFF The bartenders, hosts, servers, and chefs are all cheerful, pleasant, and (if you go as often as I do) treat you like its a place where "everybody knows your name." I've been treated with much kindness since proclaiming my love for Traif, but the story of my first dinner here must be told as the pointed example of the community that runs this place. While seated at the bar that first time, I had ordered a brussels salad to start and the baby back ribs for an entree, I noticed that the word "escargot" was written on a nearby paper menu in pencil. I asked a chef, standing at the small counter just next to me, if this had been a special that I didn't notice or hadn't heard from my server. " Escargot is one of my favorite things in the whole world!!" I proclaimed. Nope, hadn't missed anything. It was part of a short order ingredients list for some new recipes that they were testing for the menu. "Oh, darn" I said with a sad face. About 15 minutes later, the same chef (turns out he's the head chef) walks around the corner of the counter that divides the small kitchen and the bar and puts a fantastic smelling bowl of something soupy looking  in front on me. "Compliments of the kitchen: escargot and white bean soup, cooked in a chorizo based broth with tiny chorizo chunks and assorted vegetables." RIDICULOUS!! It was so good I topped that off in addition to the dishes that were already getting me close to full. Since then, I've consistently seen this and variations of it on the menu. Maybe my positive feedback had something to do with it? One can only hope ;-) So on top of all this praise I could also talk on and on about the wine, the ambiance, the romantic back patio.... but I've talked enough. BEST RESTAURANT IN NY.
Great sliders and fries. The escargot needed more seasoning. Great wine recommendation. Was surprised that when I came in as a single they steered me to sit at the bar when every other table was empty. Great bartender and nice drink menu.
This place has a cozy atmosphere and was perfect for a nice night out with my boyfriend. There is an open view to the kitchen from the dining area which I love. Everything we ordered was tapas style and absolutely delicious - we scraped every last night of sauce off the plate. Some of the things we ordered: BBQ, braised short rib sliders - perfectly tender meat A soft shell crab dish that was very fresh and tasty We finished off with a dessert of their bacon donuts and coffee ice cream. An amazing combo of sweet, salty and a bit smokey. I would love to come back!
Traif is the place that indulgent dreams are made of: minimalist yet warm decor, meats in so many varieties it'll make your digestive track dance with joy, beers and liquors to meld it all together into a night of dining-out perfection. For a group of five known to gorge on their fair share of feasts, we ordered 10 dishes total, plus two desserts, which wound up to be a wee bit more than the perfect amount of food for the entire table. The amuse bouche set the tone for the entire meal: a rich, flavor-bursting, cold corn soup served in a cup from which you sip. It was like they pureed corn, added more corn and reduced it down to the closest thing one can come to liquid corn, and added just the right amount of salt, pepper and subtle spices to enhance the flavor. Every dish that followed, from the tuna tartar to the squash blossoms to the sweetbreads was similar in it's ability to contain so much flavor in each and every bite. The stand out of our nearly 12-dish meal (plus a complimentary course from the kitchen) was the BBQ Braisesd Short Rib Sliders. Where does the BBQ come from? A vat up in heaven where the BBQ legends of past have come together to create one, holy, superior sauce? And the short rib--tender, sweet, piles of meat messily meshed between two buttery little buns. This is what sliders were meant to be. Dessert (for which we had room even after the parade of plates that marched their way onto our table and into our bellies), was magnificent as well. A modern take on Key Lime Pie, served in a glass, resembled a petite parfait, while the bacon doughnuts (if you haven't had enough piggy already) are soft, fluffy clouds of fried dough sprinkled with bacon and paired with dulce de leche and creamy coffee ice cream. The glowing praise I have for the food extends equally to the service, where water glassed never run empty, the meal is perfectly paced (no awkward lag time in between dishes or dirty dishes lingering on the table), and cocktails and beer are always replenished swiftly after an order is taken. Great for groups (sharing is caring, especially in food), cute spot for a date (especially if you intend to impress a certain someone) and exceptionally well-priced for a culinary experience of this caliber.
this place is awesome!  love the food, ambiance and service!   hats off to the owner & chef.   the short rib sliders are the best I've ever had.  The bacon doughnuts & coffee ice cream is delicious.   Definitely recommend for a date night.
The staff was amazing. Everything tasted amazing too. The portions were perfect and they did an awesome job spreading out your orders. The drinks were also amazing there!!!
Service was horrible.  The refused to make any modifications to their dishes - I wanted the salad without dressing and the waiter refused to do it, saying the restaurant did not allow for modifications.  Very strange, but fine, whatever.  We were starving, so we wanted to order the dishes along with our drinks.  The waiter wouldn't take our food order, saying that he'd take it after he came back with the drinks...err..ok.  Drinks came and he left before taking our food order.  He doesn't come back until 5 mins later, after taking orders at some other tables.  We ordered a bunch of other dishes and our waiter does not once come back to our table to see how everything is going.  If he did, he would realize that my plate was pretty much spotless because he refused to ask the kitchen to make a salad without dressing and I have other dietary restrictions.  He only came back to hand us the dessert menus and then to give us the bill.  Food was actually not bad according to my friends, but the meal was ruined by this robot of a waiter.  I tipped a penny, I hope he got the hint.  This is a service industry - their one size fits all approach is appalling.  Hopefully it is just this one south asian robot waiter and not the restaurant policy.  Obviously I will not be back.
Traif is awesome for family style shares. They have little portions of each dish (definitely enough for tasting for 4 people) of gourmet food so you can try a bunch of things on their menu. We had about 10 different items. My favorite was their braised pork belly, strawberry glazed ribs, and their cockle dish. But among the tasty food (I'm sure there are dozens of reviews for their food), I wanted to point out how amazing they were with my peanut/nut allergies. Servers made sure there was no cross-contamination in the kitchen and every time a new dish came out, they noted whether it was nut allergy friendly,for example, they were very specific that their prawn dish had pesto in it and it was NOT ok for me to eat. That made my dining experience so much easier and safer!
There's a unique desperation in watching a friend traverse down a bad relationship road. You're pleased that he's pleased, initially, until you notice that there's something suspiciously fanatical about his onset-joy. His eyes look a bit wonky. It doesn't *feel* quite right. Then come the gradations of alienation. The Other is a delicate creature. She doesn't live near his friends; she lives in the dirty south side of that foul-mouthed hipster district, and he's hanging out under the Williamsburg Bridge with startling frequency. All his friends are politely enthusiastic about meeting her - until it comes out that she has this *thing* about vegetarians. She really likes meat, he shrugs, apologetically. He takes the opportunity to gush- it's so cute - she sprinkles bacon on her donuts. She dollops uni on crabmeat, and she's got this rack (of ribs), and balls (of chorizo and lamb) that's just off the hook- His friends whisper among themselves that he's spending 1, 2 nights a week with her, that her influence has bewitched him, and he won't go anywhere new. That he's put on weight. There are rumors of anti-Semitism. They debate the merits of intervening in this mutually-destructive addiction. Eventually, they give up. Because, at the core of the insanity lies a fervor whose fire won't be quelled by an outsider's reasoning - and any attempt would only further distance friends from the shell of a human the friend was, prior to meeting Traif.
5 stars for food - the chicken livers on toast was incredible. Best dish of the night. The quail on biscuits was also delicious and on the bigger side.   3 stars for ambience.
Went last October--still remember the bacon-wrapped dates. I don't even like dates. As I'm moving to the neighborhood, I definitely intend to go back. Strawberry-cinnamon ribs were delectable and the bacon donuts did not disappoint.
amazing cocktails and tapas. casual and friendly atmosphere, intimate and romantic even.
Came here on a Thursday night and as a first timer, I was instantly impressed. First thing's first, I was sat down right away and secondly, the menu looked fantastic with SOOOOOO many good choices to pick from! I ordered three different entrées and every single one was literally finger licking good: the bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates, baked muenster cheese, and the strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs. Lastly but certainly not least, you must try the bacon doughnuts to end your dinner! I'm glad I came here and I promise you will too.
Nice vibe once you get in, but have to say the food is disappointing. Particularly the ribs that everyone raves about. The meat is dry despite the sauce. Better off with the ribs at Hillstone - now they're something to rave about.  Had a nice glass of Tempranillo.  Why do they have such a small, random selection of wines by the glass?
Took me a really long time to get here. Just glad that through the years Tarif remains just as terrific ad consistent. Did an impromptu drop by hoping to anchor a table on saturday night with no reservation.  Wasn't sure how long the wait would be  but we decided to try our luck. Just in our favor we were able to squeeze at the end of the bar. So one of my "things" is that I normally avoid open kitchen restaurants. I hate leaving restaurants smelling like the entire meal for hours after. But really this place, fabulous ventilation! Even though we were up against the bar with the passing service, it never felt truly stuffy. The bars a great spot to dine, watch the cooks at their game. The bartenders are extremely chill which makes dining here feel hip. Their recommendations are the best for both food and drinks. Wine list is fabulous and the selections are great. Make sure you order an assortment because everything is delicious ESP the pink prawns, seared foie and seriously, the carpaccio. So delighted we got to go and enjoy a bunch of different  dishes.
Huge fan. I've had three great meals here and I mediocre one. Tonight's meal was outstanding. Six of us went tonight and loved every bite. For 40 dollars apiece we let the chef choose the dishes including new ones (yellow tail carpacchio, a spicy shrimp dish, a new risotto), and the regulars including the scallops and pork belly. Amazing stuff. My favorite restaurant in North Brooklyn.
Ok food but rude hipster staff. specially the Hostess/Manager she had a nasty attitude and was completely rude. food is good not worth the shitty attitude.
This was the best meal I've had in years. Just moved to the neighborhood and made a reservation to see what all the hype was about. Got a table by the kitchen, which was a lot of fun watching the chefs at work and wondering what everything was.  They also have a back garden/patio if that's more your thing.  This place is all about the food, so don't expect fancy decor or dressed up waiters/patrons. We went for the chefs selection.  For $50 we got 6 courses including dessert. All we had to do was tell the waiter if we had any favorites and whether or not we were adventurous eaters.  We responded "pork" to former and "absolutely" to the later.  He also recommended a great wine. Each of the small plates were very flavorful and beautiful. The pork belly was perfectly cooked, and the sliders were magic. Even the foie gras (not usually my favorite) was perfect. The dessert courses included a panna cotta, which was good, but also the bacon doughnuts which were as good as everyone says. It's rare for me that a place lives up to its hype (I'm usually disappointed), but Traif actually exceeded my expectations. Absolutely fantastic.
This one is dedicated to Cassy S. the current duchess of Traif and amongst many of my Brooklyn friends that have tormented me with rave reviews here .. a place not easily accessible to a car-less Queens girl like myself*. However on the first chilly October night after an Indian summer, the moon aligned with the northwest star and two Queens girls found themselves in Brooklyn to finally have a taste from this Yelp mecca. Set on providing a good base for our stomachs prior to attending a booze filled soiree, my date and I decided to share a few plates, despite me having eaten only 2 hours earlier. After choosing a couple of potent cocktails and struggling to narrow down our choices from a long list of enticing dishes, we were ready to indulge our tastebuds. The delicious amuse-bouche of Carrot Yogurt Soup quickly set the tone for the plates to come. Next up, the salad with brussel sprouts, cherry tomatoes, rice crisps, grapes, & mint, a grown up fruit salad, was pleasing as a light starter. Then came the big guns.. a new addition to the menu - melted, bubbly muenster cheese with smoked pork belly hiding underneath to spread on garlic toast. As I found myself going for the last piece of toast, I had thought for sure I couldn't go on any further. I felt the cheese sink to the bottom of my stomach. These were not dainty small plates but generous portions made to share. Thankfully the Hamachi Carpaccio with grapefruit, & avocado arrived next and served well as an intermission before hitting up the the savory, rich meatballs to come. The Lamb & Beef tender, succulent meatballs sealed the deal. I was satisfied, full and completely done... that is, until dessert arrived. Donuts are not something I go gaga over though the infamous Bacon Donuts here were everything the traditional donut was not. Light, pillowy round balls, topped with dulce de leche sweet but not too much to make my teeth hurt. The bacon provided just enough smokiness without including too much unnecessary salt. Part of me wished I wasn't sharing. As the last lick of coffee ice cream disappeared we were already preparing what to eat upon our next visit and pondering when that will be. With satisfied bellies and an acceptably small dent in the wallet, Traif easily makes the list of recommended nosh spots worth traveling out of your comfort zone for. ------------------------------------ *The MTA doesn't support the idea of easy access between boroughs
It is absolutely very good - but the best restaurant ever? Favorite in the city? Not so much. The hostesses are a bit rude and incompetent - we had a reservation and had to wait 20 minutes past the time it was for. They didn't handle it well or apologetically as I'd hoped they would. Our waitress was wonderful - warm, funny, attentive, and helpful. The food was great. It is a very heavy meal and many of the menu items are seriously heart clogging. I do not suggest ordering the broccoli rabe which is nothing special at all (soggy bread over bitter broccoli with a fried egg). The foie gras that everyone raves about was very greasy and the predominant taste of the dish was fat/lard. We loved the tuna tartare and shrimp with pineapple, and the short rib sliders really are wonderful. Would definitely go back for a fun meal with friends, but I am somewhat surprised about all the rave reviews/hype. Definitely a fun, tasty meal in an inviting atmosphere, but some of the dishes miss the mark.
I just had a dinner at Traif for the first time... I thought the chef was  genius. They need a bigger space. The restaurant was packed all night. The hostess was very sweet and friendly as well as the wait staff.
Good spot for lite supper.
Uh-mazing! Fantastico! Muy Bien! spectaculaire! Magnifique! As gothamist mag said "There are three rules when it comes to eating at Williamsburg restaurant Traif: 1) Don't be hungry, 2) don't be on a diet and 3) don't be a vegetarian." Treif derived the Hebrew word teref which means torn, and originally referred to non-kosher meat only.  AKA pork.  The restaurant is small, with intimately placed tables. The icing on the cake though is the patio outside. Something about it is reminiscent of a restaurant in Europe or somewhere you see in movies.  I'm not sure how other customers feel about it but it definitely brings warmth to me.  However, your best bet is to probably sit at the bar and watch the top-notch chefs do their thing. I've heard this over and over.  We opted for outside seating to allow me and my friends to have good quality conversation. Let's get down to the nitty gritty of the food.  As you may already know it is served in small-plate. Tapas style. The plates definitely has Asian, French, and Spanish influences.  They do a really good job of bringing the food little by little which is good because it's way better for sampling than stuffing yourself.  There are plates ranging from $7 to $10.  I don't think it's expensive at all.  The restaurant offered complimentary amuse bouche of a bacon broth which tasted really good.  I ordered pork belly, lentils, and artichoke.  It was everything I thought it would be.  It was phenomenal.  Then, I had the tuna tartare tempura-fried eggplant ahhh-mazing... I want to learn how to make this.  I know I'll be dreaming about this in my sleep. All in a Terrific meal that was truly orgasmic! Totally amazing food, top notch service, delicious cocktails - it's the total package! I'll def be coming again. Next time I shall make room for desert I heard the bacon doughnut paired with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream is fantastic.
I called on a Monday. Closed. Sigh. What is with these places that are closed on Mondays? I called on a Tuesday. Open. Reservations? No need. I say, "Give me a reservation. Just in case." I reserve for 9pm. I am late. I get there around 910. My party hasn't arrived. Peeved. 920. My friends arrive and apologize. I say the usual "Oh no, it's totally fine. I was just having a beer." In my head, I gave my friends 2 minutes to order. Any longer, I would decide for them. Autumn salad, halibut carpaccio, sweet-chili sauce calamari, strawberry cinnamon-glazed baby back ribs. I am happy. Dessert? Bacon doughnuts and strawberry cobbler. I am joyful.
Traif means non Kosher, and boy was it. I explained everything to my girlfriend as "meat candy". Everything was juicy and a really nice mixture of flavors. The space is nice an intimate, you can clearly see the chef and the wait staff is pretty good. One waiter in particular ( I wish I would have caught his name ) was very nice. They also have a small outside seating space and a small garden that is really nice. In a desert of 99 cent stores and dirty deli/meat markets0, Traif is an oasis of rich food in a really nice setting.
Best meal I have had in over three years.  Traif is small and a bit noisy, but it's fun, comfortable, and feels special.  I love this place and will be back for more sliders!
I've been here twice - once over a year ago and the second time just a couple weeks ago. Neither times did I make a reservation and didn't have to wait for a spot. It's a casual/trendy spot and the waiters and bartenders are all really friendly and helpful. Love the bar and the dim lights of the restaurant - it's trendy but still cozy and comfortable. The small plates are meant to be shared but instead we  ordered two of some things because I eat everything in sight. Some plates are smaller, similar to appetizers, and some are larger and are more like entrees. Pretty good wine list at decent prices; We had a cab. Bordeaux and I was really happy with the recommendation. As far as food we had: burrata - delicious! served with a sweet chopped mix on top (figs? I wish I remembered) I usually like plain burrata but this was the perfect combination of textures and taste. Very glad the waiter recommended this! Hearty appetizer size tuna & japanese egg plant -  Not bad, and I usually love tempura/fried anything but felt the sweetness of the egg plant was masked. Appetizer size bacon wrapped stuffed dates - Very good. I'm not a bacon fanatic but I am a date fanatic. Appetizer size Duck confit - my favourite dish of the night. I LOVE duck confit but so many restaurants don't/won't make it quite the way I like. The skin here is extra crispy - just the way it should be, dangit - and served with couscous (or lentils? Shit, how did I forget?) and a few different kinds of mushrooms. Also recommended by the waiter. Entree size This is a solid dinner spot - by yourself, with a friend, or with a group. The waiters make awesome recommendations and the menu changes regularly. It's an easy subway trip from Manhattan .... Mercy Ave J/M is the 1st stop into Brooklyn - you have no excuse to not go. Solid 4.5 stars and it will probably work its way up to 5 stars once I make a few more trips
My new favorite brooklyn restaurant! ....pigged out on awesome ribs , sliders, doughnuts and some other unknown dishes which i have no idea what they were but  equally as awesome. Everything was a flavor explosion and really sent my taste palette in a talespin. Can't wait to go back.
My brilliant friend Elle P suggested dessert here after a meatfest down the street at Fatty 'Cue.  I will be hanging on to her every food suggestion from here on out! 9 of us walked in near midnight on a Saturday night, and a table was set for us immediately.  The dimly lit place had an art piece of squishy pig faces on the wall, which might have influenced me to deviate from dessert for a brief moment with: Glazed Berkshire Pig Tails ($9) - caramelized and sticky with honey, lightly madras curry powder scented, crushed peanuts clinging to the stickiness.  These tails weren't curly fried crunchy tails like we expected, they were meat and unctuous fatty skin around tail bones.  Omg - and fantastic! Back to dessert - our original plan: Bacon Doughnuts ($6) - warm doughnut balls, lightly glazed with sticky dulce de leche and topped with chewy bacon bits, these soft and yeasty things were amazing!  The dough was slightly savory, and eaten with or without the coffee ice cream, they were the best sweet bacon things I've EVER had! Mom's Key Lime Pie ($6) - a graham grust with zesty limey pie filling, topped with a canele of whipped cream.  A surprisingly pleasing feature was a topping of diced sweet pineapple, that added a perfect acidic bite to the creamy, zesty, limey, chewy crusty. Nutella Mousse ($6) - a light nutella mousse with banana slices, hazelnuts, whipped cream and a couple of chocolate bark pieces.  Not overly sweet, but not overly memorable either. Vanilla Buttermilk Panna Cotta ($6) - a silky smooth and firm panna cotta, adorned with whole blueberries, blackberries and strawberry pieces, and a vanilla sauce.  Super light and delicious! After the check was taken care of, we were brought a complimentary palate cleanser: Pineapple chunks, drizzled with pomegranate molasses and topped with lime zest.  Delish! Service was warm, all the food came to the table fast, and the decibel level allowed for easy conversation.  Exactly what we were looking for! This ended up being the perfect dessert experience to end my quick NY trip.  The next time I'm in town, I'll be here for dinner AND dessert!
Good service, good food. I had a pretty good meal here recently.  I tried the crispy braised pork belly on corn and avocado (yum), the meatballs with chipotle cream (ok), the seared foie w fried egg (disappointing), the braised short rib sliders w sweet potato fries (yum), the hamachi with apricots, the budino (disappointing) and the mom's lemon tart (yum). My favorites were: - the corn, avocado and tomato salad that went with the crispy pork belly; that salad may be a seasonal touch as I see the menu has changed a bit - the contrast in flavors from the raw hamachi with slivers of apricot, again I think this is seasonal - the short rib slider was everything that I wanted it to be - rich, flavorful, tender, melting, stick-in-the-ribs.  The sweet potato fries, although I saw that they came from a bag ie not hand-cut in-house or anything like that, were addictive, especially with the chipotle mayonnaise dip. I was disappointed by: - the seared foie; it sounded so good, especially with the fried egg.  However it turned out that the dish was very sloppy and had no texture contrasts.  The fried egg was ooey-gooey but I think it could've been fried a bit crisper.  I understand the bits of ham chips are intended to give me the crunch I yearned, but against the general slitheriness of the foie gras (which was lightly browned instead of seared), the egg and the potatoes, it just didn't make that much of a difference. - the budino simply reminded me of a rather flat brown-colored  pudding; I'd definitely recommend staying away from this dessert, it's not worth the calories. Overall, I still had a good experience at Traif.  I feel it is a solid 4-star place, I'm skeptical about the overall 4.5 star rating on Yelp and it is definitely NOT a 5-star experience - the food can still be improved.  The service was friendly and accomodating.  The garden looked really pretty.  The food generally tasted pretty good and I love the prices and the small plates format of the menu.
The atmosphere, service and food are superior.  We had the scallops, strawberry glazed ribs, baked muenster, softshell crab and the bacon doughnuts.  Everything was so delicious, as was my chili vodka cocktail.  The lighting was soft and the doo-wop made the atmosphere real nice on a rainy night.  The waitstaff was extremely helpful, fast, and i really appreciated the complimentary appetizer and mouth cleanser at the end.  More than that...thank you for the finger bowls after the ribs!  We'll be back here again, for sure.
The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars is the annoying guy who kept trying to clean our dishes away before we were done with them. I've been here twice; both times, I've found that ordering 2 dishes per person is plenty (or add 1 extra dish to the total if you're with a hearty eater). Each dish contains a good-sized portion. (This is not one of those places where you pay $10 and get a pretentious leaf of lettuce with a pea on it.) Having tried a total of 17 different menu items between those 2 visits, I have yet to taste anything that wasn't delicious. Dessert-wise, their key lime pie is amazing if you like super-tart flavors. Our waitress was fun and friendly both times. Really, the only complaint I have about this place (and it started to become VERY irritating as it became an issue after nearly every course we were served) was the moron who kept grabbing our dishes off the table while we were still eating from them. (Do I really need to TELL someone that when my fork is still in my hand, food is still on the plate, and I'm eating it, you shouldn't grab it away and throw it into the trash without even asking first? Yes, apparently, some people are that stupid that I do.) In short, if they can teach their bussing staff some common sense, this will easily become a 5-star dining experience. The food is excellent.
My meal at Traif easily headlined my top #5 dining experiences of 2012. Not convinced? I think Brooklyn resident (and fellow Yelp colleague) Peter D says it best (along with his 18 check-ins and counting): "After many, many blissful meals, I think I can safely call Traif my favorite restaurant." Boom. I could expand on the cozy, sophisticated interior full of charm and all things seductive, the brilliantly-concocted cocktails, or the impeccable service, but my review real estate is best spent bragging about Traif's culinary efforts: they're transcendental yet completely accessible. What a formula, right? What we had... because I focused on savoring our nibbles instead of taking mental notes, I can't recall everything we tried (also, the menu is constantly changing). But, I can tell you that you should order anything centering around pork belly, short rib, and especially, the seared foie and the veal sweetbreads. Ridiculously rich, this was a meal built on hedonistic principles and I'm a little proud that I probably walked out the door a full pound heavier. This is not a diet-friendly restaurant no matter how you try to slice it... so sit back, enjoy, and know that your taste buds will dance and your palate will be pleased. For what you get, Traif is very well-priced, making it an even more attractive dining destination. Don't be surprised if it's packed - my advice is to come with one friend and strategically snag space at the bar! A pair of front-row seats offering views of expert mixology in-play turned out to be not only great fun, but also the best choice we made all night... besides, of course, going to Traif. Eat and drink well, my friends.
After taking heed to Traif's trending on Yelp for an obscene amount of time, my investigative palate needed to understand why.  Fellow Yelper Sandy C. was nice enough to score a 10pm reservation for 6 of us, some two weekends ago, and helped answer the call to experience an epic meal at Traif.   Traif's interior is what you expect to find in areas of Brooklyn where many hipsters and yuppies can be found.  That being, an ethos of Bohemian chic, augmented by low lighting, contemporary furniture and, interesting artwork that was most likely procured from the local community of  visionary artists.  As the lithe wait staff serve you by bringing you plate after plate of not-so-tiny portions of tapas dishes from another world, you begin to appreciate the concept of Traif's menu and comprehend the sentiments of the many reviewers effusively declaring it's 4 or 5-star worthiness. We were told that the menu changes often but the common, daily thread is Traif's construction of lighter fare to heavier dishes as you move along the very substantial list of options.  A fellow yelper had warned me that many of the flavors here are bold and unapologetic; his experience was not as outstanding as others, and I recall him telling me that the flavors are not for a delicate palate.  With this information in mind, I was not expecting much finesse, instead I assumed I would be having food that was more brazen, with the intent on completely assaulting my taste buds.  But what I actually found was contrary to this.  On the one hand, I do agree that there are a few dishes here that are heavy and laden with strong flavors.  But the standouts for me, were spectacularly airy and delicious.  Flavorful, yet delicate, these dishes were just brimming with modesty and skill that they totally, and impressively, surpassed my recollection of the heavier fare.   Amongst the six of us, we shared about 13 dishes (not counting dessert), which enabled us to try a good chunk of the menu that night.  My favorites were definitely on the top end of the menu with such dishes as the Carpaccio (menu did not specify the fish), which was cool and buttery, dressed in some sort of sweet but tangy yuzu-like sauce, this was heaven and pure love on one plate.  I also enjoyed the broccoli rabe and the fresh mozzarella and beet salad.  These were so refreshing and in stark contrast to some of the bolder dishes we had ordered such as the strawberry-glazed pork ribs, which for me resembled Chinese takeout.  The glaze was a bit too thick and gelatinous, and even though there were bits of the crunchy pomegranate that were nice, I didn't get too much of the strawberry flavor which would have truly made it interesting.  Someone had remarked that a few of the dishes seemed a bit like "Orange Chicken"-esque because of the heavy sauces.   Unfortunately, I can't recall all the components of the many dishes we had, but everyone seemed to have really taken to the calamari, the hot pot, and steamers.  We also had an order of the pig tails, which I didn't think I would like, but the one bite from my boyfriend's plate proved that the meat was crunchy and moist, not disappointing in the least.  The wings were excellent as well.  The presentation is beautiful and the portions are actually bigger than what is typical of tapas.  (Sandy C. had her handy camera is tow to snap pictures of all of the food we ate.  Hopefully her yummy photos can be found somewhere on one of her social network feeds.) Dessert was in the form of two orders of bacon doughnuts and a slice of keylime pie.  Many may disagree with me, but I didn't think the bacon doughnuts were the best thing ever.  I have been to other restaurants where their doughnuts were much more impressive and simply better sans the bacon.  The keylime pie was quite nice but paled in comparison to Steve's keylime pies in Red Hook.  As a whole however, this dinner at Traif had more wins than fails. It's probably best to come here with a large group so that you can order as many of the dishes as you fancy, all while defraying the costs.  We split the $223.42 bill 6-ways, setting each of us back about $37/pp.  A few of us even had some glasses of wine, meaning,  indulgence at Traif may not break the bank. To end, if a restaurant is trending this much on Yelp, it is definitely worth a visit for a spin around it's carousel.
This is place is awesome for a lot of reasons. 1.  They serve late - i think till 2 AM, even on weeknights.   This is pretty near to my apt and I can say that its hard to find any place decent that will deliver past 10:30PM on a weeknight, much less a place that will seat you.  This place will do both. 2.  The food is creative, delicious, and well executed.    Even the cocktails are good.  Lapsang infused tequila in a glass rimmed in bacon crumbs!     3.  Everything is served tapas style, but the portions are not dainty little bites.   4 dishes will make a nice meal for two. 4. Prices are very reasonable for this level of food.  7-10 bucks a dish for most items. 5.  Bacon donuts for desert.   Bacon + Donuts.
Went here with the family. This place is wonderful. The service was great and, more importantly, the food was fantastic. I would like to point out one particular dish but since we had the tasting menu and everything on it was excellent, I can only say that you should put yourself into the chefs hands, sit back and enjoy.
This is my new favorite restaurant.  Unfortunately, I live in SF.  I'm currently contemplating flying in for the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs.
It is tough for me to understand how this palce scores as well as it does.  Maybe that is because it is a good value, or maybe if I went back after knowing the menu a little better I would be more impressed.  Here are my thoughts: Salt and Pepper Shrimp - awesome, best dish Pear salad - very nice, enjoyed the grated blue cheese Scallops - very good, though they needed a better sear Chicken wings - pretty lame, and over cooked Pasta - disappointing, not bad, but not good Key Lime pie - great Our waiter - we think he was coked up; he was all over the place, and not particularly attentive Decor - sort of feels like dining in a mall restaurant; also we were sitting at the bar, and a puddle formed under us during the meal, which got my girl's purse pretty wet...I guess something was leaking on the other side of the bar A good, not great experience all the way around.
I've found another reason to come to Williamsburg besides Tabaré, Peach Frog, Artists & Fleas, and Zenkichi. I fell in love with Traif!!! Wow, what an awesome dinner that was!!! 3 of us shared various different plates and almost everything we ate was either great or just good. When we called the restaurant, we were told the reservation is not available until 10pm so we decided to take a chance and show up exactly at 6pm when it opens. Luckily we got the only available table for the walk-ins! Yay!!! We even scored a nice table in the atrium in the back facing the back yard which made us feel even more special. We ordered the following: 1) Amuse bouche of a bacon broth: 5 stars!! Wow wow!! From the get-go Traif impressed all of us with this succulent soup!! 2)bacon wrapped dates & goat cheese :4 stars 3)duck confit with lentils and strawberry sauce: 4 stars. It was a unique dish with a complex flavor of savory, sweet, and tangy. 4) shrimp, sweet potatoes, string beans & pineapple: 4.5 stars. This reminded me of sweet & sour pork, but better. One of my favorite dishes that I ate at Traif that day. 5) Seared fois gras with egg & potatoes: 5 stars. It sounded unbelievable and it tasted unbelievable. Pure joy! Did not disappoint! 6) Braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries: 4.5 stars. Very solid, loved it!! So winning!  The accompanying chipotle aioli was a nice touch too. 7) Pannacotta:5++ stars!!! This pannacotta blew me away for real. Probably the best pannacotta I've had in NY. Perfectly executed! 8) Bacon doughnuts: 3 stars. I wanted to like them and give the chef 5 stars for the concept but they didn't blow me away. It just wasn't my cup of tea, sorry! Places like this make me so proud and happy to be a carnivore. Traif really lived up to my high expectations and everybody enjoyed the feast of delicious eclectic soul food. All these great food at such reasonable prices make Traif one of the best restaurants I've tried in 2011.  The Traif is the BOMB!!!!
seriously the food was delicious. Tapas style so we ordered a few different dishes. Each plate was wonderfully presented and brought out in great timing. The service was great too. Two bottles of wine later, Traif had 4 happy campers. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everybody! P.S Try the Bacon doughnuts for dessert. yum yum!
We went to Traif for dessert and drinks. I wasn't impressed at all. We ordered the bacon doughnuts and each had one drink. The environment is very fast moving and kind of pushy, so we were looking forward to leaving anyways. Will not return.
Pretty much the best $8 I've ever spent on a brunch dish (sliders).  I wish I could have gone back the same night for dinner.  Service was pretty slow but not cause they were lazy....maybe just understaffed.  Took a bit to get the food, but was fun to watch the 2 chefs hammer out dish after dish.   Worst part was seeing everybody else's reaction to the bacon doughnuts and being too full to order!
You have ventured into Brooklyn. You made it past the frogger style streets and you have somehow landed at Traif. Well today is your lucky day.  Be prepared to be taken on a 9 course tasting meal that goes from light to heavy. This is the way to go for a first timer and until you know what you like, that's when you go A la Carte.  The ambiance is hip and carefree. The music is low but still intelligible to the ears and gives it that nice eating mood that only comes with chill indie music. For the food, by far the highlight of the courses were the seafood dishes. The sea scallops were seared to perfection and had a nice little hint of spice.  The blowfish was also very interesting. It was my first time eating blowfish and I was hoping I wasn't going to die, like in The Simpsons. Fortunately they were using the sac, but rather just the tail. So I was safe. Phew. That was close. The bacon doughnuts at the end...wow. That was awesome. Gotta get that for sure. Happiness in your mouth!
It's an amusing shtick they've got at Traif: a restaurant focusing on food that's not Kosher (that's what the name means) in the middle of one of the city's most heavily Hasidic neighborhoods . I really think they should rename the place Sacrilicious. The restaurant has a great vibe, vibrant but low key with excellent music choices (Surfer Blood, The Roots), an open kitchen and nice sized garden in the back. It's a great option for a group as the menu is meant to share. Most importantly, the food is fantastic and the price is right. FOOD BREAKDOWN: Strawberry-Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Ribs The flavors complimented the meat well. Definitely order a plate of these. Thai Spicy-Sweet Chili Glazed Calamari Yup, it's as good as it sounds. Spicy Bigeye Tuna Tartare It's served over a tempura eggplant with kecap manis. Incredible. Bacon-Wrapped Blue Cheese Stuffed Dates with Spinach a la Catalana Uh huh. That happened too. And it was delicious. Bacon Donuts with Dulce De Leche and Coffee Ice Cream Obviously, this was awesome. *Please go and check this place out. I want to be able to keep eating here for years. Sophisticated, exciting, clever food...what more do you want?
Traif is a cool little spot right by the onramp of the williamsburg bridge. We showed up early (630pm) without a reservation on a rare night into brooklyn with my fiance. (ikea and home depot) We were seated and got right into it. The tapas style food is pretty awesome.... We shared the mussel soup which kicked ass...full of chunky potato, bacon and mussel...followed by a fried lobster dish which is highly recommended..Fried lobster, pineapple and sweet potato...so far so good!!. Next to come was the pork belly and the broccoli rabe with fried egg which were also excellent. Here's the kicker...its close to 730pm now and the restaurant is poppin...we had to wait 20 minutes for the last and final dish...short rib sliders...they were off the hook good...but the 20 minute wait in between really killed me... I thought about dessert...but I couldnt wait anymore....and passed... So...food is great..service was bad due to the wait...so if you have no agenda after dinner..this is a great place to go...if you do have plans..I would think twice. And you know...its not their fault...the kitchen is really really small...
The prices are low, but the food is made to match. Most of the dishes are bland or obviously flawed.  I'd best describe their approach as aggressively mediocre. They try some really novel (aka, currently trending) things, but don't actually put the effort or craft into getting them right. Oh, and the service was terrible. Attractive, but terrible.
Large portions considering the menu is tapas style.  Every dish we ordered was mouth watering.  Not much for a healthy menu or any G Free items if you have a Gluten intolerance.
Very tasty! The dishes have flavors that pique your tastebuds. You're in a constant search to figure out just what is in here and what's that flavor that you like and can't put your finger on (or for me, can i re-create this at home?!? Hahah I think not.) The ingredients complement each other well and the textures on good. I would recommend checking it out! Enjoy! In great detail, here is what our party ordered. 6 girls ended up to be about $300 with two cocktails and a ginger ale. Divided into sections... Favorites:   1) barrata cheese with asparagus. - Flavors are fresh and interesting. The palate is excited! 2) scallops, snap & english pea risotto, caper-tomato-lemon brown butter- Well, what can I say? I love scallops! Seared scallops and risotto nicely done also. Very good: 3) seared foie gras, yukon potatoes, bacon, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce - very tender foie gras 4) basil cockles  with peas and lima beans- a bit salty but good 5) seared hamachi with grilled brussels sprouts-soft, tasty meat but again, a bit salty 6) spicy bigeye tuna tartare, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis- on point, no complaints! 7) joe's chopped chicken livers, balsamic-bacon toasts, rosemary & shallots- a little sticky to eat but the balsamic complemented the liver well 8) hampshire pork belly, hearts of palm, bacon, snow peas, cauliflower, mango- very tender meat and enjoyed the fresh snow peas 9) Gnocchi- soft and good flavor Least favorites: 10) bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli - good but eh, just a slider with a good dipping sauce for the sweet potato fries. 11) salt & pepper shrimp, cauliflower, romesco, peperoncini, parsley-garlic- good but eh, like chinese food kung pao chicken or general tzao's but with battered shrimp 12) baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, crostini- eh good but don't dream about it. Dessert: pannacotta with some kind of herb-y ice cream was a good texture bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream- flavors go very well together!
PORK! IN. MY. BELLY! I was super excited to try one of the cities pork meccas, and overall, Traif did not disappoint. The seasonal rotating menu is a bastion of guilty pleasures and quite frankly, you should kind of hate yourself when you leave. Don't worry about balancing your meal with lighter things or pesky vegetable forward dishes. Just go for it okay? Be a Fat Kid. Had a great Amuse Bouche of Strawberry Gazpacho. Okay, not a fat kid dish, but it was a nice palette cleanser somewhere between a strawberry daiquiri and traditional gazpacho. The Shishito Peppers were solid but I could have done without. A bit salty and a bit lacking on the Pork Belly. I think we made a mistake going with a lighter dish. Moving on to the real deal, The Short Rib Sliders were very tender, and very solid, though I have had better several places. Pappardelle w/ Rabbit... now we're talking. Just an explosion of concentrated flavor. Well balanced, great texture. Everything I had hoped for. I've had similar versions of this dish several places, but honestly this is one of the best I've had. Best of all on the savory side, however, was the Braised Pork Cheeks. Wow. Just awesome. Amazing texture, not unlike Braised Short Rib, but far more tender and full of flavor. Then of course, the item with which no dinner at Traif would be complete. BACON DOUGHNUTS! Love, Love, LOVE. Salty and sweet with candied bacon, salted caramel and coffee ice cream. It's pretty much everything I could ask for in a bite sized dessert. Will definitely be back.
I had no idea what I was getting myself into, The food was just amazing and just the right amount, everything was so flavorful. I split 3 dishes and it was enough. I definitely recommend: rib sliders & sweet potato fries, seared scallops, and salty peppery lobster!   There is a great selection of drinks and cocktails. Next time I will definitely make room for dessert and a reservation, this place fills up real quick, Do Not sleep on this one guys!
The chef's tasing menu for $40 is hands down the best deal in terms of quality and quantity of food.  Really top notch food and many many courses. this was what was served: mini cup of curry vegatable soup beet salad spicy big eye tuna tartar over tempura egg plant hazelnut topped seared scalop fricassee of escagot with garlic toast pan seared sweetbreads bacon wrapped shrimp corn dogs fried quail over fresh grazy and biscuts sauteed brussel sprouts seared foie gras with sunny side egg and maple syrup over fingerling potaoes pork cheek over parasan polenta bacon donuts moms key lime pie (maybe the best pie ive ever had) fresh cut pineapple with molasses and lime zest
Good tasty dishes but just a little pricey for the size of the servings. Would be a five star review if the service was kicked up half a notch and the prices were kicked down half a notch. Overall a very enjoyable spot; we'll likely take friends & /or family but won't repeat our visit casually.
Came here twice and I still adore this place. Definitely a culinary experience. They switch the menu every few months so it's like trying a new restaurant every time i come here. Great for date night and great for a friendly reunion. The walls had interesting paintings and the garden seating is so pretty. 1) First time was for my 1 year anniversary and everything tasted wonderful. They started us out with complimentary sweet potato soup served in little cups, fish kampachi (very fresh), pork belly with apples and cinnamon (delightful), spare ribs with strawberries and pomegranate (sweet), foie gras (Personally not a big fan of it but my now ex-boyfriend loved it), scallops (super top choice), fatty tuna on fried eggplants ( not greasy at all), chicken with hosin sauce (a bit of a rip off because I can do it at home, but it was still good), and sweetbread (very rubbery...and I finally found out what sweetbread was actually made of). 2) Second time was with friends. We ordered almost the same as above but they Traif twisted some of the flavors. Quite interesting because we ordered the same dish as I did last time but the flavor were completely different (in a very good way). I tried their bacon donut with their home made coffee ice cream. I wished they sold their ice cream for takeout because it was delicious. Will be back soon!
This place was great! It's pretty dark and small, and you have to leave manhattan, but it's definitely worth it. The food is seasonal and creative, and they really nail some bold flavor combinations. Also, it's really reasonable price wise for New York. Would definitely go back when visiting the city.
Pigs tails and tuna tartare are wonderful. It's an East Village venue in a odd Queens location. Nice little garden in the back. Wine list is reasonable and cocktails are fun. Service was knowledgeable and yes, it's different. Two guys shared 8 plates and polished them off. No bad dishes, and on a Tuesday night it was dead by 9.45, with staff sitting down and having their dinner. They had the pigs tails....
great food and excellent service.  Good prices.  Noise level made it virtually impossible to hear my wife without shouting. If you go do not take a table near kitchen area, very busy and noisy!
Traif is currently my favorite restaurant in NYC. If you like eating lots of different things in one meal, and are a fairly adventurous carnivore, it will probably be your favorite restaurant too. Oh, and it is extremely affordable- believe me, I'm a graduate student.
This was the easiest five star review I've ever given. I've never been so wholly blown away by a restaurant. I simply can't say enough good things about it. But I'll try... Oh I almost forgot, there was something really annoying about this place - I tried so hard for a few days to make reservations and their answering machine did not pick up. It just rang and rang and then some automated thing about calling back another time. It was frustrating because I wasn't about to give up this experience. Finally, on the third day I was able to leave a message and someone called me back in the hour and easily fit me in the next night. PHEW!!! close call. Okay, back to the rave... We arrived about thirty minutes ahead of our reservation (still trying to figure out the MTA) and expected to wait. Instead, we were seated instantly. The place is small and dim and packed and so perfectly warm. Even though it was close quarters I didn't feel uncomfortable. Rather, I felt friendly and welcome. Like I was dining in my best friend's house. The staff was a well orchestrated dance. We never once felt we needed anything. Everyone was in a lovely rhythm of filling the water glasses and clearing the plates. Everything was exceptionally timed. I was just so impressed. Drink options abounded and it was hard to make a decision but I did enjoy the run little piggy. It had a bacon salt rim that was so unique and fun. Loved it. We started with a pear salad. It was freshest of fresh pear, mixed greens, almonds, dried cranberries, parmesan tossed in a vinaigrette. My mother has already duplicated this recipe twice. A truly lovely dish. After that the broccoli rabe over texas toast with a fried egg. We saw the people at the table next to us enjoying this and knew it was for us. Dynamic dish and a brilliant use of ingredients. One can not eat enough broccoli rabe. Probably my favorite part of this meal (aside from everything else) was the salt and pepper shrimp. It was tossed in a sriracha sauce with pineapple and sweet potato chunks. Easily one of the most memorable dishes of my life. So inspired in its simplicity. The shrimp was fried but almost in a tempura way. It wasn't heavy or greasy but just a lovely crisp. Each bite with pineapple cooled the sriracha in a gorgeous way. Just do this. Still delicious but a little less memorable we had the duck confit nestled in a bed of barley and pig cheeks (my favorite pig part). At the end of the meal we loosened our waist bands and allowed ourselves one final indulgence (of the day). The bacon, dulce de leche donuts with the coffee ice cream was dessert bliss. They were very fluffy and yeasty and almost like little bits of sugar air. I just fell in love over and over with every bite. If all of that isn't enough to have you running to Brooklyn's Traif, may I also say that the music was some of the best I've heard in a restaurant. It was a great balance of hits and things you've never heard of. I seat danced the entire time. Traif is perfect. I don't know if you know or not... but seriously, perfect. Go now.
When I first heard about this place, I was simply told that it was a restaurant sitting just on the outskirts of Chasidic Williamsburg serving almost nothing but non-kosher food.  Being a terrible, terrible Jew (if I even qualify as one at all at this point), I found this hilarious.  And so after having an incredible meal at Traif, I thought I'd keep its spirit alive by writing this review in the form of everyone's favorite Passover song, Dayenu. If Traif had given off a classy but laid-back ambiance, But had not offered extremely warm service from the hostess to the waitress to the busboy, Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Traif had offered extremely warm service, But had not offered a great recommendation for a white wine with a strong flavor (Mudhouse Sauvignon Blanc) to match the furious onslaught of taste that was to come, Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Traif had offered a great wine recommendation, But had not brought out complimentary cups of gazpacho (refreshing and absolutely delicious, great way to start the meal), Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Traif had brought out complimentary cups of gazpacho, But had not prepared the most tender pork belly I have ever eaten (and adorned it with melon and I think gorgonzola cheese and some kind of nuts, which all blended together to approach mouthgasm levels of deliciousness), Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Traif had prepared orgasm-inducing pork belly, But had not suggested the squash blossom (which was an outstanding blend of flavors and textures, the goat cheese inside was delicious and I loved the runny fried egg that topped it all), Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Traif had suggested the squash blossom, But had not brought out chicken n' biscuits (which I must admit were a bit heavy and filled us up fast, but were outstanding nonetheless.  The biscuits, of course, had bacon cooked into them, and were glorious), Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Traif had brought out the chicken n' biscuits, But Stephanie Q. had not allowed me to eat 3 of our 4 AMAZING strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs (just wow......if you come here, GET. THESE.) Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Stephanie Q. had allowed me to eat 3 of our 4 baby back ribs, But the bacon donuts with coffee ice cream had not been a superb mix of sweetness and the glorious saltiness that only bacon can truly provide, Dayenu, it would have been enough! If the bacon donuts had been a perfect mix of sweet and salty to end the meal, But Traif's prices had not been fantastic for the amount and quality of food we got, Dayenu, it would have been enough! If Traif's prices had been fantastic for the quality and quantity of food we got, But my meal had not been arguably the best I've had in recent memory, Dayenu, it would have been enough! L'shanah haba'ah b'Traif  -  next year in Traif!  (Who am I kidding....I'll be back within a month for sure)
Order Anything.... this place is magical. Seriously.
At first I was hesitant about this place because I just went by Yelp reviews but after ordering our first plate I knew I was in for an amazing treat.  First of all I love the sharing concept ( tapas style).  This gave us a chance to try a little bit of everything and I must say everything was Excellent!!! The sweetbreads were devine, the Tuna tartar was yummy.  Everything that we ordered was great and the bill was not too bad for the quality and the amounts of food. They also have a great wine list and international beers. Will definitly be back , ...hopefully soon
This place is incredible. Call ahead because this place fills up.  I went with my girlfriend on a Wednesday night and every table was full. The menu consists of about 20 small dishes.  They recommend that you pick between 4-6 for two people.  My girlfriend and I ordered 5 dishes.  Each amazing and unique.  The Gorgonzola-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates were probably my favorite, although everything was great.  The chef has complete freedom to experiment and does an amazing job.  The service was fantastic.  Just when I would think about how my plate was a little dirty, somebody would come around and replace it.  With wine and dessert, it's not a cheap meal but it's well worth it.  Enjoy.
The following review should be read while listening the instrumental from a 1959 classic. Link provided below youtube.com/watch?v=iSUy… An order or biscuits, gravy and quail Try a serving of BBQ sliders, they shall not fail Along with fantastic glazed sriracha wings These are a few of my favorite things The most delicious duck confit you ever saw Amazing, superb, tremendous foie gras Eating and drinking, feeling like kings These are a few of my favorite things Have the tuna with tempura eggplant Too much food, but won't stop. I just can't Consuming everything until my stomach feels sharp stings These are a few of my favorite things When subway never comes When tourists block my path When I'm hungover I simply remember........... Traif, tapas at it's best! It's amazing. Try it sometime.
My meal at Traif was lifechanging. My (very very smart) boyfriend took me here for our one-year anniversary. He called ahead for a reservation, and mentioned on the phone that it was our special night. The host, manager, our waitress, and another random waitress all wished us "Happy anniversary" at different points in the night. The atmosphere inside is intimate and buzzing, with a sort of industrial exposed-brick-exposed-beam-exposed-kitchen vibe. It's fun to watch them cook while you wait for the restroom. The garden in back is really cute, but we sat inside. Our waitress was super enthusiastic, friendly, and generally perfect. She had extensive at-hand knowledge of the wine list, never missing a beat as we asked her about four or five wines. She described them in depth, and let us taste a few before deciding which glasses we would order. My boyfriend and I are a waiter's allergy nightmare, as I am allergic to all dairy and he is allergic to some legumes, as well as cooked fish (but raw is fine? don't ask. however if you are a yelp-ophile allergist reading this and have any idea what is going on please tell us because it's the mystery of the century). Our server reviewed everything on the menu with the chef for us, finding out which allergens were present in what, and came back and circled all of the dishes we could both eat. It was very kind of her, and really indicates the Traif staff's willingness to go above and beyond. For wine, we ordered a glass of the rose and a glass of the German Gysler. They were both refreshing and crisp, good accompaniments to the rich food. We ordered the following dishes (and these 5 were exactly enough for the two of us sharing). -Arugula and berry salad (blackberries, raspberries, pomegranates soaked in some kind of wine) with possibly pomegranate vinaigrette? Very refreshing salad. -Mixed green salad with port cherries, almonds, bacon, and truffle vinaigrette. this was REALLY truffly. In an excellent way. -Spicy, bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis. Served as four small discs of tempura eggplant each topped with a heap of chopped raw tuna and delightful spices/sauce/something. I think the kecap manis was a sort of molasses. This dish was a great transition into the heavier fare. -FAVORITE: Seared foie, fingerlings, ham chips, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce. LISTEN TO ME: This dish is life-changing. And I don't even like liver normally! You will actually never be the same after you try this. You will now put maple syrup and hot sauce on EVERYTHING YOU EAT. You will crave seared foie gras at all times. I can't describe the succulent amazing combination of seared fatty liver, sweet maple, crunchy ham, tangy hot sauce, you'll just have to come here and order it yourself. -Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs. Comes with four meaty ribs, and this sauce is absolutely phenomenal. The very unusual combination works so perfectly. They also started us with complimentary watermelon gazpacho, and I don't even like gazpacho normally but I was in love with it here. They also brought out chunks of watermelon with pomegranate molasses and lime zest as a complimentary dessert at the end. Traif, thank you for making our anniversary dinner so special. Everyone on Yelp: do yourself a favor and eat at Traif as soon as humanly possible.
I visited Traif with three of my friends for dinner, and had such a good experience. Their menu is very thoughtful and inventive, but at an unheard of low pricepoint. We enjoyed every dish we ordered, and everything was well presented - it really is like going to a top restaurant but at a bargain price. My two criticisms would be that the restaurant itself got sort of warm (the air conditioning wasn't working super well maybe) and service was slightly slow, but I attribute it to them working multiple table, which is fine if that keeps costs low! I definitely plan on coming back: I especially recommend the georgia peach salad, short rib sliders, shrimp with pineapple and watermelon and the pork belly. The fact that they regularly change the menu is even more exciting - I hope to come back and see what they have.
My favorite place to eat in Brooklyn! The food is amazing! The bigeye tuna and bacon doughnuts are delicious!!
Go on payday and wear sweatpants.
Went here for a friend's birthday -- awesome atmosphere (especially the music) and the food was delicious! A great value too!
Every-so-often, a restaurant comes onto the scene where it is universally adored by the creme-a-la-creme of Yelp -- aka, my friends.  Enter Traif.  This is a restaurant named after the derivative of the Hebrew word "teref" which means torn and is now commonly used to refer to anything non-kosher.  How could I NOT love this food?   I arrived shortly after opening because my primary goal was to snag the two seats right in front of the chef.  In most cases, if I could, I love to watch the chef prepare food. The detail, the meticulous work, and, let's be honest, the smells from an open kitchen is one of the guiltiest pleasures when it comes to eating. I started the meal with one of their specialty cocktails, if I remember correctly, "Rude Little Pig" (Lapsong-infused tequila, cointreau, pomegranate bacon rim) which was strong but the idea of a bacon rim always win. For entrees (that was shared), we started with a refreshing fig, goat cheese, walnut spring salad (to open the palate) followed promptly with the "Thai Spicy-Sweet Chili-Glazed Calamari". Amazing! Get it!  The calamari was tender and wonderfully glazed. Next came the "Sautéed Sweetbreads, artichokes, asparagus, roast mushrooms". This dish was almost solely for me because I love offal and I rarely (and there is proof!) turn down sweetbreads.  It was delicious and balanced well with the vegetables. Fourth dish was the "Seared Scallops, Creamed Corn, Sage-Pistachio Brown Butter" which, once again, I need to say GET IT!  This dish was perfect.  The warm scallops lovingly seared and then laid gently upon a soft, cozy bed of creamed corn then drizzled with the sage-pistachio brown butter. HOW! HOW! HOW can I not have dreams about this for days to come?!? And then...the "Strawberry-Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Ribs" Yes.  I'm talking about fall-off-the-bone succulent baby-back ribs that was so flavorful, I had to hold down my friend and shove a strawberry-cinnamon explosion into his mouth.  Was it worth it? You bet! Of course, there is always room for dessert and the hot "Strawberry cobbler with passion fruit cream" was the great end to the meal where spoons fought in a white ramekin showdown shoving hot fresh strawberries cradled in passion fruit foam into hungry mouths.  Thankfully, the staff at Traif noticed the burn marks because with the check came pieces of "golden pineapple drizzled with pomegranate molasses and mint". By the way, did I mention how great the staff is? The chef conversed intermittent with us as did everyone behind the bar.   Friendly, attentive, fantastic! Next time, I want to try: ~ Bacon-wrapped blue cheese-stuffed dates, spinach a la catalane ~ Duck confit lettuce wraps, banana-tamarind prik ~ Stuffed corn cake, marinated rock shrimp, champagne mango ~ Braised Berkshire pork cheeks a l'ancienne, polenta, prune jus ~ Bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche, coffee ice cream Do I recommend Traif? You make the call.  Seriously, give me a call.  I'll be there.
4.5 stars! The place - random dark street - look for hanging wooden pig sign.  Very nice ambiance inside.  My friend and I walked in on a Thursday night without reservations and had no problems getting a table.  Would call ahead if you have a big party, though.   The food - some of the dishes were AMAZINGLY delicious!   Seared scallops, pea risotto, brown butter sauce - MUST TRY (the risotto + scallops combo is what really makes the dish) BBQ, braised short rib sliders (2) with sweet potato fries - MORE PLEASE.  I may be biased when I say I loved these sliders because I *heart* bbq pulled pork....... love... Sauteed sweetbreads, artichokes, asparagus - the sweetbread tasted REALLY good and went down smooth... that is until I found out what sweetbread really was... mind over matter at this point.  You should have a bite before googling :-) Strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs - was only ok Bacon donuts with caramel glaze, coffee ice cream - I generally do NOT like the flavor of bacon (I know, I have problems) but these donuts were so good and did not have that classic smokey bacon flavor.  The bacon crumbles added a good texture to the dessert which I wouldn't mind having again. A definite must try in my book.  It would probably be more fun to go with a bigger group of people so you can try more things.  Can't wait to go again! ENJOY!
I grew up in this neighborhood, and only come back for quick visits with friends I miss from growing up....I kid. I only come back to eat, and Traif was on the list of places to go, but I bizarrely could not find it. Finally last night discovered it right by the side of Willy BB..... No res,so we sat at the bar, and in order to have the tasting menu you need to be at least a party of three, so al la carte with the following: Bacon wrapped figs with cheese- ridiculously good, more like a dessert really, loved them Broccoli rabe on Texas toast with Parmesan - also a yummy, artery clogging joyous vegetable dish.. Pomegranate and something glazed spare ribs- weakest dish for me...ribs fell off bone, yes, but a bit dry, not juicy like they looked when presented Fois gras with maple something- really, after my review of Bohemian last week, also with the cursed duck dish, I should get checked for gout...this was sublime and amazingly well prepared. Best part of the night was our bartender (NOT a waiter) he was adorable, and funny, would now only go back and sit at the bar with him... Fantastic meal and night.....
yes! yes!! yes!!!  all the POSITIVE reviews are accurate.  food is so solid and consistant.  ive been there 2x for dinner and once for brunch. its nothing too outrageous or unfamiliar.. just prepared soo well.  u gotta try it and ull kno what i mean.  so for the reviewers who gave a 1 star review cuz they couldnt get dressing on the side cuz of "dietery restrictions"  (btw they specify no alteratons to the menu ON THE MENU!)  or the ignorant one who didnt know what amuse bouches are and refers to them as freebie soup shots...just stay home.
You even can't imagine how delicious it is! Ribs Ribs Ribs, try it .  And don't forge to tip, cause servers here are the best . Our server Matt could serve five of us very fast and maximum we had to wait was around 10 minutes to get the order which is not bad at all.
I agree with Matteo, I also thought  five dishes was way too much food for two people.  Dishes do vary on portion so order as you go and make sure you have plenty of water next to you because your taste buds will almost undoubtedly be attacked by salt. I made a reservation at Traif for my pork-loving boyfriend's birthday.  After the glowing reviews from a lot of my pals, I thought yes, I must take my man here to celebrate!  I asked the girl on the phone if they do anything special for birthdays and she said they do put a candle in the dessert if I want and I said that would be great, do I tell the waitress when I arrive or can you note that in the reservation?  She said, no problem, I will note that in the reservation and that would be taken care of.  Great.  That was easy enough! We arrived for our 9:30 reservation about five minutes early and were told our table was almost ready but they were having dessert and would be done soon.  We waited outside with several other people and then when the hostess finally came to get us, it was nearly 10pm. So much for a reservation.  By this time, the restaurant was starting to get less crowded.  I have to say, service was extremely slow and my water glass was constantly left empty as the bus boy would swoosh by our table filling everyone else's glasses but ours.   We did go with five plates but that ended up being more food than was necessary.  We got pig tails, risotto that was supposed to have pork in it, scallops, shrimp with watermelon and pineapple and then some type of pasta with ragu which actually was almost inedible.  It was really more of a macaroni and cheese.  It was a long process dining here. It took a long time, longer than I had anticipated.  I was afraid we'd miss our next reservation which was at 1230 and we actually were late for that, but I couldn't leave without getting dessert with a candle in it for my boyfriend's birthday as I requested. For dessert, we opted for the Key Lime pie, which took an unusually long time to get to us, but that's cool because they were probably looking for candles or something...WRONG.  We did get the pie, sans birthday candle.  Wow, my request was not honored.  This was disappointing but you know what? I had no time to pout, we asked for the check to be brought out with the dessert and tried to get out of there as fast as possible. It was just an okay experience and the food was really just average in my opinion.  In fact  I would recommend going with the seafood selections over any of their pork selections as they seemed to be the winners in our array of plates.  Won't be back.
Seriously amazing!!  We started with the Foie Gras, Sweetbreads and Tuna.  The Foie Gras was some of the best I have ever had.  The tuna flavor profile was excellent.  The sweetbreads were breaded, fried and smothered in spinach - a good flavor but would have rather seen them naked.   We then went on to the Liver, Pork Belly and Pork Cheeks.  The pork cheeks changed me as a person - amazing tender, creamy polenta, flavor and more flavor.  The Liver was also a mouthwatering delight that even my guy who hates liver had to admit was tasty.  The pork belly was masked in a dish that was good but I wanted the belly to stand up and be recognized.   We finished with the bacon donuts which are as amazing as everyone says. The place was actually small and pretty cool.  The kitchen was tiny and sitting at the bar we got to watch the magic happen and it was really magic how they pumped out tons of fabulous food on one stove and a lot of space feng shui.    Did i mention the cocktails were awesome. bacon rimmed tequila and some rye goodness.   Just wow.  A total home run out of the park.
HOLY CRAP! What a great place to eat at if you're in Brooklyn! Well I don't know much about Brooklyn but this place probably takes the cake!. I had dinner here this past weekend with my girlfriend after walking around the Brooklyn Botanical Garden, and WOW what a great experience!. We had reservations for 6PM, came in and got seated right away. We sat in back in their garden. The place is very small, but very cozy and intimate if you're out on a date. The servers were really nice and attentive! Everything on the menu seemed so yummy and we wanted to order everything! But we only settled for 3 plates. We ordered the Crispy pork belly, the strawberry ribs, and the seared foie. And yes we had the Bacon Doughnuts! The Crispy, Braised Pork Belly came out first. It came with honeydew melon pieces and feta cheese and some sort of almonds. It was really good, the flavors really complimented each other. The Seared Foie, duck liver for those that don't know, came out next. It came with potato wedges, bacon bits and a sunny side egg and everything drizzled with maple syrup and hot sauce. I've never had Foie Gras before so I was really excited to try it and boy did I fall in love! The liver was so tender and soft, just melts in your mouth! The potatos, bacon, egg, and the sauces really went well with the meal. The combinations were perfect! The owner/chef really knows how to cook and put meals together. Then came the Strawberry and Cinnamon Glazed Ribs. It was so sweet and the meat was falling off the bone! You can really taste that strawberry and cinnamon! Yum! Then our Bacon Doughnuts came, yes I said BACON DOUGHNUTS, sitting in a row on that plate coupled with a coffee ice cream! Bacon bits on top of the soft fluffy doughnut then drizzled with dulce de leche. Damn my mouth waters just thinking about it! I have to say that this is the best thing I've ever tasted! This can be my favorite thing to eat for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! I'm dying to go back already! Damn you Traif why you so far!
Great restaurant, quality food, quality service, quality prices. One of the best restaurants in Williamsburg, hands down.
great spot for foodies.  cinnamon is too broadly used.  wait staff is super friendly with lovely smiles.  bus people are efficient.  good price point.
The foie gras was excellent. When you visit (notice there's no "IF"), order the foie. I typically don't like organs/glands but this...this one can't and won't escape me...ever. My very first visit I was drunk and was spatting off random idiotic lines that normal drunk people like to do. "There's so much fat on the pork belly!" "Why is the egg so runny?" Etc., Etc. Thankfully, we were seated in the garden area so I could act a fool all I wanted. Yes, I forgot a lot of the food we ordered and wiped clean but the ones that resonated were: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe, Crispy, Braised Pork Belly, Seared Foie and Bacon Doughnuts (hi, I miss you :)). The hostess (co-owner) is extremely friendly. We weren't able to finish the bottle of wine that we ordered so she cleansed out an empty wine bottle and poured the remainder of our wine in it. Awesome. I made a second trip here (sober) and when I walked in she recognized me and said, "I remember you, you're whiskey girl." Oh great. So, basically I'm going to stay away for a little bit so "whiskey girl" is expunged from her memory. Unless, I come here drunk again. Bad habits die hard. The only con was that a lot of the dishes were salt infested. The trick is to eat all of the components together to accentuate the full flavor of the dish and not be overwhelmed by just one...i.e. - salt. For the price, dishes put out and hospitality, it's most definitely worth it to take a trip out to Brooklyn. My next visitation will be for brunch...their menu looks AMAZING. You guys are what make "globally-inspired soul food" great.
One of the best meals I have ever had. The pork belly was probably the most amazing thing I have ever eaten. I had never had it before but I can't imagine it being any better then that. AMAZING. Great prices, great food, nothing special ambiance wise. Highly recommend!
Okay so just by chance I read the review of the day (for Traif) which lead me to other reviews.. ALL GREAT I might add, So Being it is Friday DATE NITE!!! I decided to grab my wife and go... Okay so, the bad part was I called around 4:30pm for a reservation and was told that they didn't take reservations and to just come in and walk in so I figured "Makes sense since they don't open until 6pm & we wouldn't get there until 7. We got there and was almost turned away for lack of reservation. But once I stated my case and persevered a little with the hostesses, they finally accommodated us, Fast!  The waiter was really nice, there was no wait and the service was the best. Okay on to the drinks, we tried 3 some "Pierre" drink,"Rude Pig" of course,  this Fruity vodka lemonade which we ordered 2 of cause my wife LOVED it! Now the food... By the second plate we were already planning our next visit. It was AMAZING!!! We ordered the Sock eyed tuna, seared scallops with hazelnuts and berries, the foie gras, sliders and sweetbreads, and the bacon donuts for desert. Can you say "Fat Asses" ? Yes!!! The suggested portion was 4 plates for two, we ate 6, well, 5 and the desert... Hahaha! By the 2nd plate I was satisfied, by the 3rd I was beginning to feel the food in my throat but the bites were so incredibly delicious that I was compelled to keep shoveling it in my mouth. My wife who refuses to touch mushrooms or eat anything cooked or served with them devoured the sweetbreads which were covered with a mushroom sauce that was to die for. The food was so delicious that now as the meal digests, I find myself enjoying the belches. I will no doubt be dreaming about that dinner... no wait!!  Gastronomic Experience of the evening.. Can't wait to go back.
Very disappointing food....nice ambience though. This is the ideal spot for hipsters and creative types. Not for normal everyday life. Food was below par.
My girlfriend's friends wanted to meet for dinner and this is place they chose.  There were 6 of us and at least 3 of us eat big.  This is a "small plate" restaurant and everything is to share.  The food is decent, but the cost is substantial.  We ordered most of the menu as the waiter told us that we should order 3-4 items per person to satisfy our hunger.  He was right in that we needed to order at least 3 items... with the final bill of $420, two of us walked away hungry. Their strawberry cinnamon ribs are quite good and the meat falls off the bone.  I loved the chirozo in melted munster cheese.  Here's where it gets interesting... we ordered twice: the first main order and then a second one of a couple of our favorites.  One of them was the salt and pepper shrimp.  It's a delightful dish of salt and pepper crusted shrimp over a red sauce.  The first order of it (ordered around 7pm) was awesome, it was easily the best dish we ordered.  The second order of it (ordered around 8pm) was overly salty, so much so that it sucked the saliva from your mouth.  There was little continuity of taste with the dish the second time around. Dessert was also underwhelming.  I don't eat doughnuts but my girlfriend was unimpressed with the bacon doughnuts.  There's little balls of fried dough with bacon bits on top served with coffee ice cream.  The ice cream was good, the bacon bits tasted like bacos... I didn't eat the doughnut as I don't do well with wheat based products. From a place with this type of price tag, I expect their to be the same taste every time I bite into a dish.  If this place were closer to me, I'd give it a second chance for a snack.  With the drive there, street parking and price tag I probably won't return unless dragged.
I've been told that my noises while eating something good or after farting sound like I just made it out of the Bone Zone. Yes, I and much of the men in my family use onomonopias to describe our sense experiences. Uhhhhuhuhhuh is a typical one that translates into AMAZING! I wanted to fill this review with nothing but Oooh's & Ahhh's of each dish but I've done that for other reviews and this place keeps it new, so I will try to as well. And I've listed my dishes before too so that would also be tacky. What you need to do is go here! Seriously. All the food had tremendous flavor and great (creative) combinations. Worth every penny. Mmmmmmm....... Bacon Donuts.
Been for dinner, now tried brunch... service was upbeat and efficient. The food was good and very rich. However, the coffee was terrible and luke warm. Now, they don't pimp themselves as coffee connoisseurs, but this coffee was worst than Folgers instant. Yuck, guys. On another note, they recommended that each person get two of the dishes as they are small and meant to be shared. Awesome. But, all of the dishes we got were pretty big (especially compared to their dinner dishes). So, if you're not starving, I'd recommend getting one and maybe sharing another with a pal.
This was the bomb. bomb diggity bomb. Yes, Traif was so amazing that I had to use 90's slang to get my point across. I HAD TO TRAVEL BACK IN TIME. Seriously, I think I sighed after every bite. I had a lot of really great meals while I was in NY, but if I had to pick my favorite, it was probably here. I just visited the website today and absolutely no dish I had three weeks ago is repeated on the menu. They're doing amazing, wonderful things here. Even their drinks had new contenders. Bravo, Traif. Honestly, I don't even know if I want to post my photos because 1. they're dark, and 2. they won't do the dishes justice. I recommend just getting out there, and eating here. Everyone was extremely sweet and kind here. I had a cocktail, which I believe was the Amelia Earhart, We shared the tempura which consisted of clementines, pears, and I think squash? Anyway, they took the juices from those fruits and made a sauce. A sauce I could drink all day errrday. We shared the salmon bravas (I believe that's what they were going with) that had smoked salmon, crispy potatoes, and deliciousness all throughout it. We had the goose breast dish that was fantastic. Slightly gamey, ALL tasty. And also ramen. Which was hella tasty, but my only gripe was the bowl they served it in. It wasn't so much a bowl as a plate, but honestly if the only thing that is wrong throughout a meal is the choice of a bowl, then I need to check myself. (before I wreck myself. I'm full of it today!) We ate all that, had two drinks, and got out of there for like 60 bucks. I say, job well done. I'm not hard to please, but it is also really hard to blow me away. And Traif did it with such ease and elegance. You go Traif!
5 stars that is all you need to know, sit at the bar if you can't get a seat!
Traif is surprisingly affordable for how great it is. And it is in Brooklyn people! You fall in love with the place almost instantly with very laid back non-pretentious atmosphere, attentive but very down to earth servers and creative yet appealing to the most unsophisticated patrons. The place is has a cool vibe to it, the dishes on the menu are small and are meant for sharing. Almost everything here is inviting you to relax and enjoy your food in a friendly atmosphere. Their menu is changing all the time and trying a chefs menu is a good idea. Where else you have top notch creative selection for $40?! Some things we enjoyed were: -bacon wrapped blue cheese and dates (my favourite dish) -bacon doughnuts -chicken livers on a toast -scallops and risotto (I thought risotto was sub par) The desert selection was excellent too. You have your more simple choices like baby back ribs, wings and sliders and fries which I personally find don't belong to the menu. Traif I love you and will be back for Chef's selection next time.
Delicious and heavy!  We went early and it got packed!  Really yummy small plates- nothing was bad, I would go back!
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.  I have been several times for both brunch and dinner and cannot say enough nice things about this place.  In the winter, they have a heated outdoor patio which is a nice change of pace from stuffy interiors.  The service is great and the staff are always willing to offer suggestions on their favorite menu items.   This is a small plate restaurant, but you really get a lot for your money!  If you are a lite eater, you could get by easily with one plate.  My favorite way to eat here is to order a ton of plates for the table and share everything.  Food comes in batches, you will not get everything at once.  I love this because you can take your time, enjoy your company, and never eat cold food!   My favorite entrees are the lobster eggs for brunch (so much lobster!), the cheese plate, and the broccoli rabe!
1 word: amazing! You just gotta go.
Was amazing 7 times I went over there in the course of 1.5 years  ... lately ... going down with quality  very sad.
Great place, but since I went with my friend that was visiting from Hong Kong and we were speaking in Chinese, they totally tried to ignored us. Very rude though. The food wasn't bad. Just a little too loud and the woman that try to serve us is kind of tipsy, she can't even hear what we were trying to order. Might only go back if I'm every around the area for a drink with friends.
I came here to update my review but just realized now that ....I never wrote one the first time I went. Or the second. No matter, I will write it now, after my third delicious meal. Traif is a place you go to eat with people who like food, and trying lots of  things. The portions are generous for sharing and are actually designed to be shared. The menu changes weekly and is dependant on what's at the market, so even though you may have tried a dish one way, the next time you go it could be slightly different. Every dish I have ever had has been of excellent quality - the meat is tasty, the produce fresh. There's always a fun, unexpected twist to the dish to keep the experience from being pedestrian.  Order a bunch of dishes and pig out. But save room for dessert - they have these amazing, amazing, bacon donuts, with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream. Bacon donuts not your thing? The other desserts are also fantastic. Mom's Key Lime pie is actually made by the chefs mom and is just the right amount of tart and sweet, with a perfect graham cracker crust. The panna cotta is perfectly creamy  and the nutella dessert is like a pudding cup grown up. To top it off, service is excellent, always, but never as much as when my girlfriend and I threw our birthday dinner here. They were sweet, accomodating, and still served us swiftly, even though there was a really, really large bachelor party eating there at the same time.
I have to admit that I was a little skeptical of all of the 5 star reviews.  I was SURE that it couldn't be all that, especially when my naive, touristy, ain't-from-around-here self got off the train and looked around the neighborhood (which looks seriously sketchy in the dark). We liked everything we ordered here, which is a tall order to fill considering that we ordered ten dishes!  Particular favorites in no particular order were the pulled pork sliders, baked Brie with chorizo, and the key lime pie. Oh, and if you even slightly like key lime pie, you MUST order it here. I thought there was going to be a fight at our table  over the last bite! The bacon doughnuts weren't all that all of the other reviews made them out to be, but they were still tasty.
Amazing.
I love this place.  It has great good and I can afford it on a law student's stipend.  I can't say that about any other of my favorite restaurants in NYC.
This Manhattanite took the trip all the way to BK! It was worth the trip for the food. We sat in the back which seemed like an addition and it wasn't so glamorous. The space heater did not keep the room warm enough. The table was small and the seats were a bit uncomfortable. However, I had no complaints about the food. It was a double date and we did the tasting menu for $40 each. Each person got one small scoop of every plate but I left feeling full! Some highlights included: -scallops over a butternut squash puree (one of my favorites) -kale salad with pomegranate seeds, blood oranges, mint -japanese eggplant tempura with spicy tuna over it (my favorite) -truffle pasta with mushroom -mussels in a spicy tomato broth -battered quail with a sausage gravy and a pickled cucumber and apple garnish -shrimp with sweet potato and pineapple -strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs (SO good!) -pulled pork sandwiches on toasted buns (so good!) -key lime pie with a pineapple garnish (I don't even like key lime pie and this was delicious!) -dulce de leche donuts with a bacon topping and coffee ice-cream. (interesting but was hoping the donuts had a filling inside)
Funny story. I have a nasty habit. I smoke. Yes Yes, its gross, and its bad for me. But hear me out. So I wanted some matches cuz I didn't have any or a lighter on me. I asked the waitress at Traif if she had matches. She then looked confused and I explained if Traif had those cute little company matches and she said...."Well, I can GIVE you A match?"...then my dining partner LAUGHED out loud as IF I WANTED TO USE THE TOILET AND THEN LIGHT A MATCH!! haha..i was mortified naturally. But seriosly, the food here is amazing. I thought some dishes were more interesting than others of course. Such as the sliders and the rock shrimp. My panna cotta dessert was absolutely yummy. I test all my panna cotta to see if they jiggle like a giant boob. And this one certainly jiggles like a giant boob and it was drizzled w. delishous pom stuffs. Tasty.
Get: ~Duck confit (4 stars): surprisingly not too salty but still very tender with deliciously crispy skin. $16 ~Short rib sliders (4 stars): on soft brioche buns that stood up to the sauce! And sweet potato fries are a great pairing. $12 (for 3) ~Dessert (3.5 stars): the ice creams are the best part.  If you can, try to get a tasting of their ice creams.  Both of the ones we tried (green tea and coffee) came with another component of the desserts, but they were some of the most flavorful ice creams I've had.  The flavors were deliciously strong.  Bacon doughnuts were fine, but the stars were the ice creams.  They should open up an ice cream shop up front. Skip: ~Seared foie (3 stars): good, but the cut of foie and the sear was not up to par to what I expected.  The pieces were succulent, but were small and ragged.  Not worth the price. $17 ~Salads (3 stars): refreshing, but nothing really outstanding.  A bit too aggressively acidic.  $8 Wait: ~none, for 3 at 7:30pm Saturday, but we were lucky, as a table canceled last minute.  Quoted 1.5 hr wait. ~Super fun atmosphere.  Lots of groups and couples, all having a wonderful time.  We got to sit in the back "patio," which was a bit warm, but it was like sitting in a garden. For the price, I'm not sure I'll come back, since nothing was really that memorable except for the ice cream.  Love the concept, but not really for me.
This was well worth the trek to Brooklyn.  Wonderful tasting menu for only $40.  Great value. Small homey resturant and the chefs cook right in front of you.
Top notch food in the burg. Dinner at Traif is basically tapas style. My wife & I have pretty much been to most of the tapas places in the city and the burg. Typically, we've found that most places that do "small plates" offer similar dishes. Not the case at Traif. I thought everything was really fresh and creative. It definitely challenged my taste buds and took me to another level of enjoyment. The only knock on this place is the service is kinda slow, both seating you and taking your order. It could be that I've become an impatient new yorker after all these years. It's all about the food here though - five stars!
Wow. Delicious food. Had waiter order 4 best courses for us.  All were just great! Tuna tartare, seared scallops , ribs in strawberry glaze and foie grois served with a fried egg. Shockingly good n dessert matched the meal. Bacon doughnuts with peanut butter sauce. A perfect key lime pie and an on the house peanut butter sorbet with banana whip. Mmmm.  Had drinks and an app or two :) at sister restaurant chicksa which was equally as tasty.
Traif is a lovely Tapas place in Brooklyn. I had been wanting to come here for a while (after I saw it on the Best of Yelp lists), but being from Jersey, I usually found myself in Manhattan more than I ever did in Brooklyn. Luckily I had been wanting to see the Cherry Blossoms at the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens, so we decided to come here afterwards for dinner. It was a Sunday evening and we had 6 PM reservations (it wasn't hard to make reservations either, I think I called a week before). We arrived about 30 min earlier, but they hadn't opened yet so we really had to wait until 6. Once they opened, we were seated right away in their garden, which is covered btw. Traif is very small and intimate, perfect place to take a date. The staff is very friendly and laid-back and our waitress was very helpful in explaining the menu to us.   Everything on the menu looked amazing, but we somehow managed to  only order 3 plates - Crispy Pork Belly, Strawberry Ribs, and the Seared Foie. The plates come out as they are ready, so they come out scattered. The Pork Belly came out first. They were perfectly cooked - juicy and fatty. The plate also had slices  of Honeydew, as well as Feta Cheese and Almonds. The different textures and flavors mixed very well. The Foie came next. This was amazing!  The Foie was super creamy and tender. The plate also had Potato Wedges,  pieces of Bacon, and a sunny side Egg. To top it off, that was Maple Syrup and Hot Sauce drizzled all over this fabulous creation. Once again, the flavors and textures complimented each other so well. The runny egg alone would have made me happy, but add this to the Fioe AND the bacon AND the pot wedges and it was soooooo good! The Ribs came out last. The meat was so tender and basically faling right off the bone. Who knew Strawberry + Cinnamon + Ribs go together but they really do! What was nice too is that they gave us a little finger bowl to wash our fingers after getting down and dirty with these ribs. We knew we couldn't leave without trying the Bacon Doughnuts that every Yelper has mentioned in their review. This had to be the best part of the meal, even though everything was amazing! The doughnuts came with a side of Coffee Ice Cream. You could see the small pieces of Bacon on top of the fluffy, warm doughnuts. Dulce de Leche was also drizzled all over the already scrumptious dessert. Together with the cold coffee ice cream, it was glorious! This dessert is DEF a must try!!!! Great and unique food, great service, cute place! Loved it!!
My boyfriend managed to make last minute Friday reservations and this is why I heart him! The vibe is laid back and friendly but the service was top notch, quick, and professional. Now on to the most important part - the DRINKS. Haha. Well, not the most important but it's worth including as their cocktails were delicious and a great compliment with the food we ordered. For "starters" (they don't segment their menu, it's listed from lightest to heaviest) we had the chicken wings, the big eyed tuna and the bbq braised short rib sliders. The chicken wings were TO DIE FOR! It was sweet, savory, and spicy and a complete dream. I don't usually enjoy sliders but was definitely the exception. I inhaled those babies! We also ordered the soft shelled crabs, the duck confit, and seared foie gras. You can literally taste the love in the food. It's innovative, eager, and delicious. The passion shines through in the execution of the food and I definitely recommend stepping out of Manhattan for 2 or 3 hours to experience. Five stars all the way!
When I went to NYC, I stopped by here with my cousin and we loved it! We didnt get any appetizers, but the meals were filling. Overall good service. I'd recommed to a friend.
I'd initially made a reservation for 8 here to celebrate my birthday. Heather was very patient with me as I contacted her a few times to change it -- we ended up with a group of 14.  Everything was handled very well despite the large group.  Plate after plate of delectable food was brought before us, everything was DELICIOUS.  14 courses later and we were completely stuffed and happy.  I need to try the brunch, but I'll definitely be back for dinner.  Great food, great service, great atmosphere, what else do you need?
Decent wait for my usually Saturday in Williamsburg, the place was great the Baked Muenster Cheese is a sleeper hit, the Sliders are a force to be reckoned with. The area is a battleground for great food and being a standout location among them all can be tough but Traif stands as one of the strongest warriors in this battle. Service was great, great personalities and environment, the menu is very direct but you can't really go wrong with anything as long as you keep your mind open.
I have been dying to go to Traif for a while now. I think all the hyped yelp reviews got me even more excited. While visiting my friend Julie in Williamsburg, we stopped by Traif for dessert after a delectable dinner at Cariño right down the street. Some know before you go info before I get started, Traif fills up quickly. Its tapas style menu lends to a relaxed, upscale yet affordable environment. Get there early. At 8 on a Sunday it was packed. Julie and I opted for dessert at the bar since tables were reserved for meals only. We got the famous bacon donuts w. dulce de leche ice cream which was good but, the key lime pie really stole the show. Deliciously sweet, tangy and limey, I may have to say that this was the best key lime pie I have had and I just had key lime pie in key west last month. The graham cracker crust paired with the light chilled whipped cream, pineapple and filing. All the flavors and textures were diverse but perfectly complimented each other in your mouth. We felt like we were transported to a tropical island while eating it. The pie was definitely off the rector scale as far as stars go. Overall the service was fast and friendly and the food delicious. Great place to grab dessert. Possible rating change when I have a full meal here.
Took the boyfriend here for our one year anniversary. I want to eat comfortably and not have to over dress like some place require you to Read about this tapas style place and had to go I was so happy that the tapas were a decent size unlike other tapa places and not as expensive. There is something for everyone on that menu. I will come here again! I'll recommend the scallop dish if they still have it so fresh and darn tasty. Had a great time there Make sure you make a reservation. They fill up fast! Thank you!
so here's the rundown. 1.Roasted beets with pomegranate (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- it was refreshing and light. A nice dish to start off the meal. 2.Crispy pork belly with cauliflower (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- the pork belly wasn't crispy but it was very tender. oddly enough, the cauliflower was really stood out to me. It absorbed so much flavor from the pork's fattiness. 3.Chicken liver (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- awesome. The pate seasoned to perfection. I think there were little pieces of raisins in it as well. 4.Bacon wrapped dates (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- Nice contrast between the sweet and saltiness. 5.Baked muenster cheese with chorizo (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- this was kind of like a fondue, but not really. It tasted like a gourmet pizza. 6.Seared fois with sunny egg (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- My favorite dish. Seriously, so good! I know fois is not healthy for you..yada yada yada. GET IT! IT'S SO GOOD. 7.BBQ spared ribs with pomegranate seeds (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- the fragrant was orgasmic, and the cinnamon spice on the ribs is genius! Dessert: 1.Nutella Mousse (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- anything that's nutella is delicious in my book. 2.Bacon doughnuts (yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx…)- seriously?! why have I not try these sooner?!  They were warm and soft sprinkled with bits of THICK bacon...mmm All of their plates are served tapas styled, so the more friends you bring the more dishes you can try.
My first visit to Traif will be one I talk about for a long time!  Everything, from the service to the food to the wine, was executed perfectly.  All five dishes we had were remarkable in their own way but of I had to choose my top three they would be the pork belly, pork sliders with sweet potato fries & the butterfish carpaccio!!   I will definitely be coming back in the near future.
Seriously, this place is amazing. It's all true. Do yourself a favor and go.
I usually go to tapas restaurants with my female friends, because guys seem to always have the same reaction when they hear the word "small plate".  I won't tell you everything I've heard, but I've responded with "no, I'm not punishing you", "no! I don't hate you!", and more recently, "no, you're not ordering Five Guys before we eat dinner".  So I shouldn't have been surprised by my bf's reaction to my proclamation that I wanted to try a place that serves "small plates" - he answered "sure" with his mouth, but the ice cold grimace (or was it a snarl?) that formed after he walked away could probably rival that of a starving, angry pitbull, so I already knew I had a situation on my hands. But since I usually (always) get my way,  I set out to Traif last night with bacon on my mind, a cynical man in tow, and a tinge of faith - on a mission to indulge and transform.  As it happened, (in order of plate): Raspberry and Blueberry Salad with Cherry Tomatoes and Baby Spinach (Remarks that he's definitely still thinking he'll be hungry after dinner - but he offers a mostly continuous nod - a quiet but distinct form of approval. Says something quietly about the berries tasting fresh, but with sizable cynicism.) Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with Roasted Portobella Truffle Toast (Several understated but audible "mmm"'s; a lighthearted fork battle.  He insists on drawing the "property line" in the center of the Texas Toast, and I notice he alots himself an extra 1/2 inch, at least.) Seared Foie with Fingerling Potatoes and Ham Chips (A wide eyed grin.  Finally, a "wow" is heard coming from the other side of the table.  Several offcolor statements made about the benefits of fattening ducks.) Bacon Wrapped Blue Cheese Stuffed Dates (The forks are gone.  Hands are in, and the dates disappear within seconds. He scans the area to see if anyone has seen him lick the bacon fat off of his fingers. Restraint is present, but becoming elusive.) BBQ Braised short rib sliders with Sweet Potato Fries (The fries are smashing in and flying out of the mini tub of chipotle aioli.  I feel a piece of short rib on my face. Before I can grab it, he picks it off my face and eats it.  It becomes obvious that restaurant etiquette has officially taken a backseat, and he remarks at how surprised he is that he's actually...full.) Bacon Doughnuts with Dulce de Leche and Coffee Ice Cream. (It's over.  After stating he was full from previous dishes, and after one bacon/ice cream double bite, he lunges.  First at the donut, then the ice cream, cyclically. Silently agreeing with our eyes that this was not quite enough, one of us, I can't remember who - orders another plate.) Upon leaving Traif after dinner, I believe I saw him wave goodbye to the little pig on the door of the restaurant and saying "See ya soon!" Mission accomplished.
I wanted to be blown away but I wasn't. We walked in without a reservation around 8 on a Wednesday night and got seated right away. Staff was really friendly which always weirds me out. Anyway, the breakdown: Lamb tenderloin - probably the best dish of the night. Cooked perfectly, crunchy on the outside and whatever carmelized bits on top were awesome. Hummus didn't really add anything but people are suckers for a good smear Broccoli rabe - Very misleading because the broccoli rabe was not at all the star in this. It was all about the toast soaked in truffle-y bechamel with a cheesy, runny fried egg on top. First bite was great and then I really just wanted a nap. WAY too heavy. Quail n biscuits - Quail should ALWAYS be southern fried. SO SO SO good. Biscuits on the other hand, were just bad. They were hard and mealy and all I could think about was how much better Popeyes biscuits are (except for the ones from the Popeyes run by Asians - let's face it, we're not good at the baking). New Zealand cockles - Flavors of the broth were really good but the pasta shells were overcooked and there were a lot of cockle shells but most of them empty. Could've done without the overly smoky pancetta bits. I'm not into smoke. Oh and there was more toast. This time, covered in a white sauce. I was too full at this point to enjoy it It was definitely a good dinner and the service was impeccable. I would return but I wish it lived up to its hype is all.
Mmm...pork belly, scallops, truffle toast, bacon donuts! You can't go wrong here. They keep the menu seasonal. I look forward to seeing what they add to the menu. The service is informative and friendly.
I have nothing bad to say about this place - it's adorable, intimate, great, fresh food, wonderful wine, lovely all around.  I remember at one point saying to my husband, "why would we go anywhere else?".  It's one of the best restaurants in Brooklyn.
I was really split between a 4 and a 5 star, but decided on a 4 for now until I go back to taste the rest of the menu. So glad I found this gem in Williamsburg! All dishes we tried had some interesting combination of flavors and all turned out to be delicious. - Strawberry Cinnamon Ribs: Sweet and light BBQ flavor mixed well with a hint of spice from the cinnamon. Unlike the typical ribs that are smoky and tangy, this is a light yet flavorful plate of tender ribs that I'll never get sick of eating. Only compliant- couldn't  find any strawberries but instead I spotted pomegranate? - Tuna Tartar w. Eggplant Tempura: I could be biased just because i simply love tuna and eggplant! The mix was unimaginable but turned out to be a delightful experience. Who can resist a plate of well seasoned spicy tuna served on perfectly fried eggplants? Not to mention the sauce on the side... - Sear Foie Gras: WOW it just rocked my world! it is indescribable. You have to try it to believe it. - Berkshire Pork Belly: interesting concept and flavor, but not one of my favorite of the night. The grapefruit puree was awesome... Must Have: Bacon Donuts w. Espresso Ice Cream: Nothing like the sugary donuts you get from the streets. The donut balls were sweetened just enough to keep you eating non-stop... and the chewy interior... and bacon bites... plus espresso ice cream.... I almost wanted to order a second plate to go... Service: Friendly staff who were very attentive as well. We were quickly seated and our food was served reasonably fast. Ambience: Great for dates. Casual and cute. You can even sit at the bar to see the actions behind the kitchen.
Hands down one of the best meals I've had in a long time.  Granted, I don't eat out at new places as often as I used to, but there hasn't been a place that has stood out as much as Traif did in a while.  Delicious food at fairly reasonable prices. The combination of flavors of each dish harmonized so well with each other.  There was a depth of flavor to every dish that we ate, where each bite was the perfect blend of taste and texture. What we ordered: -creamy burrata, red beets, pomegranate, yogurt, mint: Creamy deliciousness. -butterfish carpaccio, grapefruit, avocado, mint, sesame, soy: There was no hint of fishiness at all.  In fact, the butterfish just melted in my mouth while the other flavors just lingered. Sooo yummy. -baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, crostini: This was a dish that I thought would initially be too cheese heavy, but when you top off the cheese with a slice of apple on top, the sweet, crunchy apple has a way of cutting through the cheesiness of the baked muenster.  And the smoked chorizo added just enough extra saltiness to be a nice surprise when you got a bite of chorizo. -seared scallops, butternut squash, huckleberries, pistachios, sage: The dish that our waitress had recommended we get.  Two thumbs up. -bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli: Our last dish of the night.  Flavorful, tender, yum! -bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche , coffee ice cream: Whoever thought that adding bacon on top of doughnuts was a genius.  I'm not normally a fan of donuts, but these were freshly made, bite size donuts that were so fluffy and light..and when you dip it in the dulche de leche sauce...heaven! I would definitely come back here at any chance I get.  Even though it's in Brooklyn, it's literally right off the Williamsburg bridge, so it was super easy to get to.  Traif doesn't get the media hype it deserves, but what's kind of nice about that is that it's like a hidden treasure you can share with your friends without worrying that it'll be overcrowded due to mainstream hype.  Can't wait to come back.
Not much to say that hasn't been said. This is arguably the one of the best restaurants in new york city. It is bascially a reasonable EMP at it's core.
My thanks to Ian L.  who must have paved the allergy trail for me. I marked up the menu with what I could eat and what I couldn't, and the wait staff couldn't have been more accommodating. The food was delicious, really first rate. We ordered four desserts even tho there were three of us. And what's not to love about a chef who opens up a place called Traif in Williamsburg? Next to try: Traif's sister restaurant ... Shiksa.
Go here. Now. My celiac-diseased SO and I were stumbling around Brooklyn in a haze of hunger, looking for something, anything, to eat. Fette Sau and St. Anselm were both packed to the gills. Phone to the rescue! Traif was it. We put our names down and prepared to wait an hour, got a call a few minutes later from the very nice hostess telling us she had two seats at the bar and would we like her to hold them. Yes please! We turned around from our stroll and headed back. Started out with the Rude Little Pig, which is a fantastic smokey bacony tequila cocktail. Lapschong-infused tequila among a number of other nummy drams and dashes. We looked over the menu and the bartenders were attentive and very helpful about what my SO could eat. Amuse bouche of sweet potato soup was FANTASTIC. Spicy and a little bit sweet. Tomato soup on steroids. The food: we started out with the persimmon salad, which had bleu cheese, hazelnuts, truffle vinaigrette, apples, and a few other things I'm forgetting. So tasty! We moved on to the bleu cheese stuffed dates, which were miraculous, on a bed of spinach with pine nuts and bacon. Amazing little pillows of creamy sweetness and smokey flavors, which went stunningly well with the cocktail. Next up was the pork belly, which was sadly underwhelming (maybe because we'd gotten the last portion of the night?). I wish we'd gotten the baked muenster instead. We switched the tequila cocktail out for some hard cider, which was not the best cider I'd ever had, but definitely not the worst, and they gave us a big bottle of it, so no complaints there. Dessert was the nutella mousse with some sort of brittle and little chocolate nibs in the bottom of the glass. Really yummy, but not mind blowing. We wish they made the bacon doughnuts gluten free! Have to give them props on their coffee, which I relished being able to drink black. They gave us little bits of pineapple with caramel on top for a finishing plate, and that was wonderful too.
OMGoodnes!!! Such a euphoric experience. Went out to eat on a whim and just happen to randomly pick this quant restaurant. Truly a Gem in BK. The staff was amazing the food was delicious! We tried every cocktail and my Fav was the Winter Cabin...nice smooth drink. We tried as much as we could! Started off with the Salt Pepper shrimp then the scallops...OMG! Ofcourse the strawberry and cinnamon ribs, rigatoni, and the sliders! Too good. The flavors were on point with each dish. I will defiantly return! They ran out of Bacon doughnuts so I didn't get to try them for dessert. So I'll be back.
I wanted to like the place very much, and perhaps I had too much expectations. If it was service alone--they are quite good 4 to 5 stars. The food was just okay--maybe a 3.5 is more appropriate. Maybe I ordered the wrong items, but here is the list from most liked to inedible: Tuna Tartare: B+ Interesting take with the fried eggplant. Scallops: B+ Cooked perfectly, but nothing that cannot be done at home if you are a home cook. Strawberry and Cinnamon Ribs: B-, Rather disappointing considering all the raves. Looks like it was braised, then cooked on the grill (or might be even broiled) and cinnamon/strawberries were added with a sauce. Meat was tender though. I love ribs and this is nothing close to any of the ribs I've eaten in Memphis. Salt and Pepper Shrimp: B --to salty but the BF liked it. Broccoli Rabe with mushrooms and truffle toast/egg: C+ It was just okay--not good/not bad. Not what I was expecting for dinner.  It was more of a brunch menu. Probably my fault though. Very little truffle flavor. New Zealand cockles : D  --way too much bacon in the stock, made this dish inedible. Cockles were fishy and there was nothing unique about this plate expect the overpowering salt. Too bad, as this was our last plate. The bill was about $118 for two (including 2 beers) so it was not a huge regret.
Absolutely amazing food and drinks.  The food is original, presented very well, and arrives at the table at the right time.  Service is great too. It's one of my all time favorite restaurants for a few years.
Wow. It sure has been a long time since I could say this - the food here was fantastic. The waitstaff could have done horrible, awful things to me & I still would have given this place 5 stars. THAT is how good the food is. The dates...oh, how I loved the dates. I will definitely come back again... and next time I'm ordering the bacon doughnuts for dessert.
Go with a group so you can sample a lot of dishes. As many have noted, the menu is fun and everything is delicious. Watching the chef work is mesmerizing - clearly a man who likes his job. Don't miss out on the truffle toast with broccoli.
This place is fantastic. The food is exquisite and the service is fantastic. The Sea Scallops were my favorite dish! They made my heart melt. Following the bacon doughnuts. Always up for any place that serves frog legs, just wish I caught them when they were served buffalo style with blue cheese but I'm just a wing sauce junkie. Thanks for an amazing experience! Oh and here is due credit for the delicious Split Pea Soup amuse!
Deserves more then 5 stars. We tried most of the menu, everything that came out was better then the last. Absolutely amazing. Pomegranate ribs....bacon doughnuts.... the drinks, the service. The best.
I have no idea if Traif is so named because of it's proximity to a massive Hasidic community or whether the name and adjacent community are simply happenstance. Either way, because this place sits right next door and is so egregiously non-kosher, it's possible that it's the first stop on some sort of "Underground Railroad" for bacon-loving Hasids. Name aside, I thought that the over-the-top bacon worshipping movement had moved beyond it's nadir and, perhaps, arrived at "jumped-the-shark" status but I was wrong. Not that Traif is all about the bacon but it, along with shellfish, are unabashedly featured on the menu and the result is both creative and wonderfully delicious. The pork belly is an absolute treat -- packed with a sumptuous smoky flavor and so tender that your knife need never leave the table. As good as the pork belly was, it was the foie gras hash that was undoubtedly the highlight for our table. For one, you can't really go wrong with a properly cooked piece of foie; it sits comfortably atop the pyramid of meat deliciousness. And the foie here is expertly seared and paired with some of the best potato hash I've tasted. Top it all off with a sunny-side-up egg and serve with maple and hot sauce. It's rich, decadent, and everything you'd ever want of a breakfast...or lunch...or dinner. Hell, you could serve this dish at any time of day, in any place and it's totally appropriate. Our group ended up sampling a large portion of the menu and I'd suggest this strategy in general. Traif is a fine place to go with one other person, but it shines as a family-style, share-it-all type place and the greater variety you get, the happier you are likely to be. Prices are very reasonable given the quality -- our group of 4 got two dishes each and we drank throughout the meal and the total tab was right at $200. Not a steal, but easily a good value for what you get. One star deducted here because the volume of this place is just a hair under Marty McFly's amplifier in Doc Brown's lab at the beginning of Back to the Future. I heard maybe 15% of what our waiter said as she stood 4 feet away. This small gripe aside, Traif is well worth your time and money.
Where Should I start,  been there 3 times so far,all 3 were nearly perfect meals. They just get it all right every dish was so damn good, we ordered  every dish on the menu all 3 times, but not dessert to full!! But each time the server comped us a dessert and just so you know the key lime pie is too die for!!  Great for a group of 4 so you can try to take down the whole menu!!! Staff is great too,consisting of mostly hipsters
The food and presentation is amazing. I am in awe of how much the chefs do with such little counterspace. Very ecclectic atmosphere and the prices are very reasonable. A definite go to spot for me from now on!
After many, many blissful meals, I think I can safely call Traif my favorite restaurant. I don't say this lightly. Look at my Yelp profile; I've reviewed just under 700 restaurants, and I have been to hundreds more. This is my favorite. Perhaps I am biased because Traif is just constantly making me look good. Each and every time I recommend it to someone, every single time I bring someone new through the door, Traif exceeds the absurdly high expectations I've set by gushing on the way over. I brought my girlfriend's parents here, and suddenly I'm not "that asshole she just hasn't dumped yet." Now I'm "that asshole who knows good food." (I'll take it.) I brought my own parents here, and the sweet, wonderful hostess/co-owner Heather actually told them that they had a good son (!). Even more shocking, my mother said, "Yeah, I guess he's OK." (The only possible explanation is that she was all hopped up on the bacon doughnuts and every other delicious item that comes out of Chef Jason Marcus's kitchen. The man is a genius.) Traif rides that fine line between casual and upscale that makes it an excellent choice for every occasion. It is perfect for a your first date or your 15th, for a business meeting or a large group dinner.* Come here any time you find yourself looking to: -taste many different things that are otherworldly in their deliciousness. -be waited on by an amazing, genuinely good-hearted and highly competent staff. -dine well at shockingly affordable prices. Oh, you want recommendations? Do the chef's selection. Never has $40 of food been so worth it. However, if you don't have the time/inclination, a few dishes that never disappoint me: the salt & pepper spicy shriimp, the BBQ braised short rib sliders (the accompanying sweet potato fries are fantastic as well), the tuna tartare and the seared scallops. Not only do I enjoy each and every mouth-wateringly savory dish, but Traif even makes me like dessert. Panna cotta? I'd never order that anywhere else. I'll take a grudging bite if someone else insisted, but at Traif I'll be fighting for it, and licking the plate afterward. The key lime pie is about as good as key lime pie can be, and the brown sugar budino will make you weep, it's so rich and smooth and perfect. I've stopped comparing other restaurants to Traif, because quite frankly, it isn't fair. The consistently excellent execution of such an amazing and ever-changing menu, the genuinely friendly, accommodating service and the unmatched value for your money place Traif atop a very long list of amazing eateries I've had the good fortune to patronize. If you don't like Traif, I don't like you. No, seriously. I don't. ___________ *That said, four is the perfect number of people to dine with here. Many of the dishes contain four perfect portions, and it makes sharing easier.
Traif is now open Monday nights for a relaxed feel, cocktail focused evening.  The menu offers about 20 cocktails and food ($6-14) are all bite/tapas style. It's their night to show off their passion for cocktails and get a bit more creative with food.  It's amazing how Traif never disappoints. Check it out :) No rest for this amazing team...
This place was great. Friendly service, great (and creative) food, good music. Everything was delicious but not too heavy where it felt like you were getting too full. My favorites were the pork belly and burrata cheese/avocado mousse. For desert, the bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream were great but the key lime was a little sweet for my taste but I still ate it all. Also, a cool but small cocktail selection included a chilli infused vodka that was spicy and yummy.
What a great spot! The big-eye tuna was the table favorite; we even ordered another round! The strawberry cinnamon short ribs and BBQ sliders lived up to the hype while the not oft discussed burrata dish was super unique and delicious! The only con to Traif, and not enough to warrant a loss of a star, is that the service was a little spotty.  The waitress was SUPER sweet but sometimes hard to find and one dish was neglected to be delivered to the table at all (its small plates so you hardly notice).
AMAZING. Brought my sister here when she was visiting--we were in speechless when we took a bite of the pork belly. Then we were speechless again when we took a bite of the scallops. And then we were speechless a couple more times...wish I was there right now..
"This one goes to eleven[1]" This is how I felt after having dinner at Traif. If you like bold, brash, intense, and unapologetic flavors, this is your place. If you appreciate subtlety, balance, and complexity, you may be disappointed. I felt that my taste buds were subjected to an assault of flavors where I couldn't tell what was in the front line and what was behind that. Like a chorus of marvelous singers, where unfortunately you can hear only one voice, the other ones overwhelmed and muted. The ambiance seems a bit unfocused: warm and welcoming, with a compact open kitchen behind the beautiful, long bar. But why the flat-screen TV with "Iron Chef" on, looping continuously in silence? The main room, although intimate and cozy, gets noisy. Moreover, the opportunity to see the chef at work from your table (something I always like) also means that your clothes will smell a bit. Come here in the spring/summer and score a table outside. You will enjoy a wonderfully lush, Amazon forest-like patio. Our evening started with cocktails: both the Autumn Cabin[2] and the Red Pearl[3] were excellent. In fact, I liked these cocktails so much that I would consider coming to Traif even just to kick started the night, while sitting at the bar and watching the chef work his magic. The menu of small dishes, while it encourages sampling and sharing, is deceptive: five dishes resulted in way too much food for two people. Order as you go, since some dishes are larger in size than other ones. The lamb and chorizo meatballs, chipotle cream, and manchego ($7), was perhaps the most subtle dish we had. And I am not being ironic. The meat and cheese were nicely balanced, and you could taste both types of meat. The razor clams with chorizo exemplified what I meant at the beginning of this review: the delicate flavor of the clams was completely overpowered by the intensity of the chorizo. What was left of the clams was only their wonderful consistency. Just the idea of a razor clam, its essence gone. The sautéed sweetbreads[4], artichokes, asparagus, and roast maitake mushrooms ($14) was the dish I enjoyed the most. It was also the most simply prepared one. The sweetbreads were wonderfully crisp on the outside, and nice and soft on the inside. I praise chef and co-owner Jason Marcus for pursuing an idea and bringing it to life with enthusiasm. Each dish is perfectly cooked, and beautifully presented. If Mr. Marcus could focus part of his passion into giving every singer of his chorus its proper spot on stage, the final execution would greatly improve. --------------------------------------------------­------- [1] youtube.com/watch?v=EbVK… [2] Rye whiskey, Canton ginger liquor, chocolate bitters, 5 spice blend, orange. [3] Chili vodka, Thai basil, kiwi, citrus sour. [4] This is a large portion, good enough for two or more to share.
Its the simple things in life that make me happy. Finding money in my pocket, hearing a song I haven't heard in a long time and quality time with good friends...While I was at Traif, I was reminded that its the small things that make things more enjoyable. After a long, soggy day, what better way to end a than sharing a meal with friends. Since Cassy S may be Traif's biggest fan, I trusted her judgement and let her order. As plate after plate came out it my mood started to lift and my taste buds began to sing. My fav dishes: the hamachi carpaccio, the spicy tuna tartare, the pork belly, the broccoli rabe, the sweet breads AND the bacon doughnuts. Its really important to include all the ingredients when taking a bite to experience the true mission of each dish. But what was really impressive was the staff at Traif, not only were they extra friendly but they went above and beyond to accommodate us. Thanks Heather!
Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream....that's all I have to say. You have to get them, they are so good and go perfectly with the ice cream. I also had a couple other things from the menu like the strawberry glazed ribs. They tasted a bit funky although the meat it self was cooked very well. Also had some sort of slider and cheese dip....they were not very memorable but tasted fine. I would come back again but only to eat the bacon doughnuts.
This place is amazing! Came in on a Friday with Reservations for a table but opted to sit at the bar instead, which is also the kitchen.  Sit at the far left of the bar and you'll get an amazing show! The meal started with complimentary "shot" of watermelon gazpacho.  If possible I would swim in that stuff. So good. We then had the pork belly with melon.  So yummy.  I love pork belly and will order it anywhere it appears on a menu.  This was perfectly prepared and paired with sweet melon.  Amazing. Next we had the bacon-wrapped bleu cheese stuffed dates.  Delicious and well-balanced.  Definitely recommend. What followed the dates was nothing short of mind-bendingly delicious.  For the love of all that is good and holy, order yourself the Pozole. Mussels and shrimp in a spicy broth that had me literally just drinking right out of the serving plate.  A few more glasses of wine and I probably would have licked the plate. Sweetbreads followed.  Perfectly prepared. Creamy and delicious. Surprise scallops!  Maybe the chef caught us drinking our pozole or wistfully eying the scallops others had ordered, but he sent us plate.  They were perfect.  Served with quite possibly the best risotto I have ever eaten. Bacon doughnuts! With ice cream!  I can't believe you are even still reading this and not on your way there right now. And to top it off with the check you get a little after dinner treat.  This night it was pineapple with a pomegranate balsamic sauce on top.  Heaven Stop reading and start eating.  Go.  Go now.
My husband and I were visiting from Chicago (May 2012) and our friends made reservations at Traif (look up the definition of this word).  It is a very unassuming establishment that was tough to spot despite our being dropped out right in front.  It is located close to the entrance ramp of the Williamsburg Bridge, on Brooklyn side.  It is dimly lit in the evening allowing for a cozy, intimate atmosphere.   We decided that the tasting menu is best to do on a second visit (would definitely do it now that I know how good EVERYTHING is) so we ordered many items off the share friendly menu.  My favorites included: 1) the salad with blackberries, apples, cranberries, bacon, blue cheese, hazelnuts, greens, truffle vinegar - AMAZING!; 2) braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries - the aioli is to write home about; 3) scallops, snap & english pea risotto, lemon-caper brown butter - just perfect. Another item that was extremely well-received at our table was the foie gras (which I do not eat).  Bottom line: Go here.  It is WELL worth it.  I think a reservation is necessary.  I almost forgot to mention that the service was excellent.  Our waitress was both fun and knowledgable.
One of my absolute favorite favorite favorite restaurants! Traif captured my heart the moment I stepped in. The ambiance is dimly light with a lively crowd. The kitchen is open for the public eye as it is located right behind the bar! Traif provides a seasonal menu that combines various flavors and components to compose remarkable dishes. 5 or 6 dishes is sufficient for two people and dessert is a must! Some of the dishes I had throughout my multiple visits include: *Spicy big eye tuna tartare - Tempura fried eggplant base with spicy tuna tartare topping. Great contrast in texture and temperature! *Strawberry-cinnamon glazed ribs - Delicious, sweet, falling-off-the-bone ribs *Seared scallops with lentils, huckleberries, & pumpkin sauce - Great balance between all the ingredients. The lentils give the dish some body while the huckleberries provides some sweetness *Seared dayboat scallops with snap & english pea risotto (Spring/Summer) - One of my favorite favorite favorite menu items. The risotto is always cooked perfectly. *Risotto of maine lobster - Chunks of lobster and sausage with a touch of pistachios for texture and nuttiness *Sauteed sweetbreads - For the adventurous foodies. Crunchy & delicious! *Whole-roasted head-on pink prawns - Huge prawns with a huge piece of foie gras toast to sop up all the juices *Corn-meal crusted soft shell crabs - Crunchy fried goodness with heirloom tomatoes which adds a touch of sweetness *Sauteed broccoli rabe, portabello mushroom, truffle toast - Like breakfast in heaven. Perfect ratio and flavor combinations. I love that the broccoli rabe has a slight bitterness to it. *BBQ braised short ribs sliders - Succulent and juicy. The short ribs sliders are soft and melts in your mouth! The sweet potato fries with the aioli are amazingly delicious! *Hampshire pork belly - Super tender pork belly that you can effortlessly cut through with your fork! Another one of my favorites *Buttermilk fried quail - A successful replica of fried chicken with cornbread. This one is amazing *Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream - Warm doughnuts dipped in caramel, topped with bacon bits with a side of coffee ice cream = dream come true Notable beverages: *High Times *Last Word *Rude Little Pig To point out my favorites, I would have to say the buttermilk fried quail, the seared scallops with risotto, the spicy tuna tartare, and the hampshire pork belly all hit the spot! When I first dined at Traif, I didn't know where to start. My best suggestion would be to just go for it and try what is appealing to you and what you think is good based on intuition, reviews, and server recommendations. I personally enjoyed all the dishes I have tried and I really appreciate the complexity that is present in all of their menu items, including their beverages. I can't wait to continue this culinary adventure with this great inspiring establishment!
Nice restaurant and great food. Order the chefs menu, with different kind of dishes. Very tasty. Unfortunately it was very busy, so they pushed the food too quickly. Luckily we had a very friendly waitress, so we had a great night.
This is one of those places where you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Everything I had was really well balanced in flavor. The style is tapas, small plates so I would recommend three or more plates per person. If you share everything, as you usually go, the "bites" are prepared accordingly. This is especially true (and I highly recommend this) in the chef's-choice-tasting-menu which includes 9 courses plus 2 dessert courses for $40/person. Oh and bacon bits on donuts bites, amazing. Check it out.
I know we were late to the party on this one but Traif did not disappoint. One of the reviews I read said it was a life changing experience -- they were not kidding. We had the following: Mission Fig and butter lettuce salad with truffle vinaigrette; Scallops and creamed corn; Strawberry and cinnamon spareribs; Broccoli rabe, egg and toast and the short rib sliders. All I can say, and the hubby would agree -- Insane! We finished the meal with the bacon donuts and key lime pie. Unreal.
We enjoyed everything that came out, and such great service.  Even complimentary gazpacho to start our meal and a piece of pineapple with pomegranate jam to finish the meal.  Highlights included the scallops with sage brown butter and the bacon donuts.
I hate you Traif. I hate you for making me drool  for months from all the word of Yelp mouth about just how amazing this place is.  They have never stopped talking about you since there was a preview of the food at a Yelp event that I was not able to get into.  It was pure torture. I hate you for being in South Williamsburg where it is a pain to get to unless you already live in South Williamsburg.  Thus I wasn't able to patronize you for months even though I had you in my book marks since the very beginning. I hate you for telling me that it would take about an hour to accommodate a group of 20 plus friends on a rainy night because there was too many people, only to find out when we arrived 15 minutes later that you somehow miraculous found space for everyone without a wait.  I was so looking forward to getting drenched in a nice wet conversation outside in the rain while we wait for our seats.  You ruined that. I hate you for all those delicious food that makes me forget how to describe everything I ate.  Now I just look like a useless Yelper with no useful information to give. I was too busy happily scarfing it down really fast to pay attention to the components that makes up the flavor profiles.  Instead I'll just say that I ate all the following food and that they were all good: Bacon Broth:  This was given free as a starter to our meal. Beets.... Yeah.  I said beets only.  I can't remember the rest of the name of the dish.   strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs. confit, crispy chicken wings, five-spice glaze. manila clams, white wine, bacon, cream, cherry tomatoes. bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche, coffee ice cream:  WOW.  Ok.  This I need to talk about.  This is what dreams are made of if it was in food form.  Incredibly fluffy soft fried dough covered in bacon bits that goes so well with the accompanying scoop of ice cream.  Sweet and savory nirvana. Oh yeah.  I hate you for making a non-sweet tooth person like me yearn for this daily since I ate this.  That is just too cruel.  I'm salivating as I type this. Note: You might not see some of the above stated dishes on the menu when you get there because apparently the menu changes daily and seasonally. I hate you for the reasonable price points for portion sizes/quality that makes most of the other places of equal quality seems so overpriced now.  It's especially cheap if you go and share each selection with 3-4 people and simply order more dishes to try between the group.  Even with just two of us (Another Yelper and I had a separate check because we arrived late), all the above food only costs us $27 each and that's with a soda thrown in for good measure. But most of all, I hate you for making me fall in love with you and your friendly staff.  Thanks for the free Bailey's mixed drink that you gave everyone in our group.  I will come back very soon to hate you some more.
I love that Traif means "non-kosher" in Yiddish. Clever. Traif serves up tapas style dishes that are meant to be shared. Each dish is a bit too small to be eaten on it's own but with such a variety of interesting dishes on the menu, why would you want to only eat one dish? We tried: Strawberry Cinnamon Glazed Ribs (The clear winner. My mom loved it so much she ordered another one after we finished the first) Beet Salad (Great. I love beets and it's hard to go wrong with a beet salad) Blackberry Salad (Good vinegrette, refreshing) Bellflower Shaped Pasta (Amazing. The texture of the pasta and the creaminess of the sauce. Worth ordering just for yourself) Braised Pork Belly (My stepdad's favorite dish. Reminds me of Chinese style slow cooked pork. Falls apart when picked up) Fried Quail and Biscuits (A clever play on fried chicken and biscuits. Interesting but on the heavier side. Glad I tried it, wouldn't order it again) Duck Confit (Decent but duck confits are almost as popular as white bread nowadays) Bacon Doughnuts w/ Coffee Ice Cream (Delicious! More like a light beignet with crunchy bacon bits) Panna Cotta (LOVE! Creamy, light, refreshing) Traif is casual dining with delicious flavors, great service and has a variety of dishes to satisfy any picky eater (except maybe the non-pork eating population). Our bill was under $300 after drinks and we were completely stuffed. Traif is perfect for those who like fine dining without the pretentiousness (or prices!).
Why the F@$k didn't I come to Traif sooner? That was the question rolling around in my head as I dove into dish after dish last night. Traif is an incredible restaurant and definitely does not get the press it deserves. Maybe it's the location or the unassuming awning outside. You really wouldn't know it's a restaurant unless you walked up the door and see it says Traif. Who knows but I am here to tell you that if you want an unbelievable dining experience in a wonderful, relaxing atmosphere get your butt to Traif. The menu changes seasonally, and pretty much daily. Some of the dishes I received seemed to have different ingredients than of the printed menu. I sat at the counter, where you view the chef's cook right in front of you. They were working like a well oiled machine in very close quarters, with the head chef taking care of everything at the fire or stove station, and two sous chefs doing the fry station and a cold/salad station. A woman did an excellent job of expediting as she was teaching some new workers the ropes and how to describe each dish before presenting it to diners. It was a great way to see how a restaurant really operates, as well as get an inside peek at how the chefs prepare each dish. I'm still amazed at how they're able to turn out such beautiful, delicious food is such a tiny working area but somehow they get it done through a stroke of culinary magic. The biggest mistake I made was coming here by myself. This is a place best enjoyed with a group of food loving friends. I wanted to order one of EVERYTHING. They have a 13 course tasting for groups of three or more which I want to try with some friends. This time though, I "settled" of 6 dishes. After informing the gentleman behind the counter I intended on ordering 6, his eyebrows raised and he wanred me that depending on the dishes it could be too much food. I said I understood, but I didn't care and continued to rattle off my selections, much to his utter dismay. And the make your own tasting menu began: 1. Black nectar pluots, burrata cheese, thai basil, hazelnuts, balsamic- This was a fantastic starter and obviously the lightest of the dishes I order. The burrata was signaturely creamy and milky, while the pluots added sweetness, the hazelnuts crunch and nuttiness, and the balsamic a wonderful acidic tang to pull it all together. Very delicious. 2. Hampshire pork belly, hearts of palm, avocado, asparagus. Holy hell, this was freaking incredible. Pork belly is one of my favorite things in the world. Let's face the fact that yes it is on just about every menu these days. But that never prevents me from ordering it. This rendition was easily one of my top 3 ever eaten. The portion was tremendous, basically an 8 x3 inch long of perfectly braised then seared pork belly. Crunchy skin, luscious fatty inside. The asparagus added some freshness to cut through the fat and the avocado somehow worked as well. There was also a squeeze of a sweet red puree drizzled on the plate that was great and wish I had more. 3. Strawberry-cinnamon glazed berkshire baby back ribs- After initially thinking of skipping this in lieu of the special pork chop, I went with this based on my servers urging. I'm glad I did. This is one of their signatures, and a must order. Another large portion consisting of 4 meaty ribs doused in the most delicious strawberry and cinnamon infused bbq sauce. Accompanied by a finger bowl after your done. Which I was within 3 mins flat. What a wonderful pairing. It was like french toast flavoring on meat. Innovative and mind blowing. If the menu wasn't so damn mouth watering I would have stopped there and been happy. But I had three more dishes coming as I was starting to feel satisfied.. 4. Sautéed sweetbreads, roasted asparagus, cauliflower, hon shimeji's, shiitakes, english peas- After the three dishes came out rather quickly, this one took the longest. Thank god cuz I needed the break. The chef first threw all the veggies in a pot filled with some type of glorious liquid sauce I couldn't make out and stews them for about 10 minutes. When theyre ready, he pan sears 4 HUGE sweetbreads and voila. The dish is assembled and wow another freaking mind blower. Top sweetbreads dish I've eaten and certainly the largest. These puppies were on steroids. Everything worked- the sauce was reminiscent of a piccata and was a nice topping for the perfectly cooked thymus glands. Courses 5 and 6 were served together. 5- Seared foie gras, yukon potatoes, bacon, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce. 6- cornmeal-crusted soft-shell crabs, yellow tomatoes, cornichon tartar, chipotle s&s. I won't go into too much detail but this was like Traif's take on surf and turf. Glorious in every way. Again, monster portions for moderate prices. I got 2 generous fried soft shells. Half way through I was ready to tap out, but it was so good I soldiered on and managed to polish off every last bite of both dishes. I left Traif a happy, FULL man!!!
The food here is AMAZING!!!!! i love it so much if i did not live 20 miles away i would be here  every day. The only thing i did not like was that they were at 1st calling there tasting menu a chefs table so when we were 4 people and recived our 1st dish with 2 chicken legs in it i was very disappointed. Stay away from chefs table but other then that big misunderstanding the food is awesome!!
This was the best meal I've had in a looooong time.Even something as simple as the sweet potato fries were the best I had ever had! I can't wait to go back and try whatever we didn't try the 1st time!
Um, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Just... just go. Things Smarmy and I had here included: scallops, which were tender and delightful and my personal fav the bacon wrapped dates with gorgonzola (whoa mama. in some circles, these are known as Devils on Horseback. who would ever run from this Devil?) pulled pork sliders, which were also super yummy, on tiny light fluffy brioches and at the rec of Mr. Smarmy, we had to get ... the bacon doughnuts. Save room for these sweet little things peppered with salty bacon. we split a bottle of tempranillo -- lots of very affordable options in the under $50 range -- and the waitress was spot on with a recommendation based on what we said we liked. the menu changes all the time, which is a sign of chevery at its best, always wanting to keep pace with new ingredients, what's fresh, what's best available. we ordered a few less than recommended by the waitress to share and it was a perfect fit.
Everything here is amazing.  The pork belly, sliders, and key lime pie were some of my favorites.  I sometimes wished the small plates were bigger, but it's fun to try a little bit of everything.
A TRUE GEM in Williamsburg... the kind of place with an innovative enough menu and the right price that makes me fall in love with BK and my neighborhood. I went for brunch and got the brie/mushroom/truffle cream grilled cheese (with a great side salad that also had a truffle lingering) and my friend got the bacon-egg-cheese sliders (not normal bacon.. PORK BELLY... with blue cheese sauce...) and we were extremely happy. We also split the bacon donuts because, you know, we were already there. The co-owner, Heather also passed by and talked to us and she was lovely. We loved the open kitchen idea as well. Definitely going back for dinner, and they are open late nights too!
A friend had her birthday dinner here so about 10 of us met at Traif and had some food.
Very nicely done, and the price isnt too bad.  I came with a friend and shared foie gras, pork belly, carrot/root salad of sorts, and something else I cant remember with a glass of red.  All of it was impressive and creative, and Im hard to please.  Service was pretty good, nothing to complain about.
I "FINALLY" was able to try this place out (Since I was  not able to attend to the Yelp Event last time). Everyone gave at least 4-5 stars, so this CANNOT go WRONG!. Took my best friend for her special Bday and It was well worth it!. First of all, the place was a bit small, but Loved everything !, Felt really comfortable inside and outside the place!.   Staffs were very friendly Large wine selection (they even have ROSE wine!, YEY!) First we started off by them offering us a small cup of Broth and all i can say is .... O. M. G.!, A good way to start! Ordered 3 dishes to try out - seared scallops, creamed corn, sage-pistachio brown butter - Also BBQ Braised Short Ribs Sliders with Sweet potato fries - Spicy Big Eye Tuna Tartare with tempura eggplant. First of all, ALL OF THESE WERE DELICIOUS that My friend was licking the plate while I was liking my FINGERS!!! It was soo good, that we order another dish - Duck Confit Lettuce Wrap. YUM YUM YUM! Two THUMBS UP to the CHEF, DECOR, STAFF, SERVICE And their decor to the foods too!.  I would give this place a 100! WAIT... THERE'S MORE! DESSERT since we read the reviews that we had to order the bacon doughnuts with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream.  WHO INVENTED THIS??  cause I was in HEAVEN when I was eating it!. At the end: 2 glasses of wine + 4 orders of different plates, meats and flavor +1 dessert = HAPPY ENDING, Happy Belly, Delish, Clap clap!, Big Smile in my face! Total it came out less than $ 60.00 (gratuity not included).  for 2 people? WOAH!.... i'm not kidding! U don't believe me? I saw CASSY S. eating here again! she got 6 check-ins!. LOL She's a regular there! Thanks to Peter D, Jennifer R, Chris H. Liz C., Cassandra M., Natasha L., Yosub K., Will C. Zach, and the rest of the Yelp Crew for introducing me this awesome place!. PS... They take credit card, but NOT AMEX! (FYI)
OMG. Seriously, every dish is to die for. I eat out a lot, and am never impressed by any place. I LOVED it here. The food is phenomenal, the atmosphere cozy & romantic, the drinks interesting and boutique. Can't wait to come here again!
Yep.  The food is amazing (and not so expensive).  I'm broke, so this might be the best meal I eat all year. I'm not a foodie, but I am judgmental, so here is my one complaint:  The decor is horrendous.  It lacks the Brooklyness/coolness that most other newer restaurants/bars in the area have.  It looks and feels like a Thai restaurant.
So happy I went here for dinner! I love tappas, but these tappas were probably the best I've ever had. If you want the fancy stuff, they have it. But if you want classic American (like sliders and sweet potato fries), they also have it. Favorite dish was the sauteed broccoli rabe with a thick slice of bread, a fried egg, and cheese on top. We wanted to try the bacon doughnuts but were too full from dinner to even try! I will definitely come back.
Oh my goodness.  So amazing I signed up for Yelp to write a review for it.  The menu was beautiful, the food delicious and we were treated very well by the entire staff.  The garden is ideal for a special dinner.  Importantly, the spicy tuna tartare on tempura eggplant wafers almost killed me they was so good.  Knocked out all other tuna tartare competition, for real.  Also had lobster ravioli and another pasta/ricotta dish and everything was just perfect.  They gave us delicious little samples as well throughout the meal, which was a lovely surprise.  I'lbe working my way through this menu all summer...
I don't really care for pork.  Its kinda something people know about me.  People go, do you eat pork, and I go, no...but I eat bacon at IHOP.  It confuses them, but really, have you ever had bacon?  When done right, its great. I had missed the Yelp event where they were giving out bacon donuts.  I had heard amazing things but never got around to going until recently when I finally stopped by for the one thing that jumped out at me: BACON DONUTS!! When I said I wanted to orders to go, they told me they would not give me the ice cream, but rather would give me an extra donut.  Cool. So I waited and waited and waited.  The place was nice.  I finally got my donuts and left with my bag.  I took them to my car.  I could have sat there and eaten them in the restaurant, but I had things to do.  I just wanted to try the donuts. In the car, my curiosity was seducing me so much that I gave in and opened one of the two boxes.  I was disappointed.  I paid 13 bux or so for these little things.  Wth... Then I tasted one. It was so good it made you wanna smack someone's grand momma.  Yeah thats horrible...but thats the point, for a second there I lost my dog gone mind. They were soft...Hot, fresh out the what ever the hell they used to cook them.  Then they had some sort of like caramel sauce on them and then there were bacon bits (as in bits of bacon and not that cheap stuff from the supermarket) drizzled all over them.  They were amazing.  Later that night I was getting some food and I met this nice girl who was also getting food.  I told her I had gotten the bacon donuts and she started asking questions about them.  I have no idea why but I started acting kinda aloof, I kept thinking she was going to ask me to stay and share them with her and that was just too much, even though there was no basis in reality for my belief.  I just felt like everyone was going to be trying to get at me for my bacon.  I excused myself and left.  So lady, if you ever find me, I am sorry.  I was not in my right mind. I was on bacon. At $6, the donuts cost more than crack did in the 80s but you dont have to worry about turning into chris rock's pookie character.
I'm a newcomer to the NY area, living in Manhattan for the next couple of months.  On a whim, I decided to venture to Brooklyn for dinner today and simply yelped a restaurant to my liking.  Yelp led me to Traif. And my word...Yelp knows me oh so well! I got the crispy, braised pork belly with corn, avocado and tomato marmalade.  Just breathtaking.  The pork belly was so tasty, just the perfect amount of sweetness to complement the salty flavoring and crisped immaculately.  The marmalade was perfect as well, its natural freshness juxtaposed nicely against the savory umami of the pork belly. For dessert I had the bacon doughnuts with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream.  It sounds like a great way to start your day, but it really was an amazing finish to my meal.  I am not a coffee fan, but the ice cream had just enough flavor to pique my palate without being overwhelming.  The doughnuts were as fluffy as can be, topped with the dulce de leche and bacon bits.  You have to eat it quickly to avoid having a coffee ice cream mess all over your plate...but I didn't mind one bit. The start and the finish, a watermelon gazpacho and a piece of pineapple with some uber-tasty pomenegrate glaze, respectively, were delicious as well.  And I highly recommend the River Horse Double Wit beer...it's Belgian-style AND it's on the stronger side (7%).  Need I say more? All in all, one of my favorite dining experiences that I've had in this giant city.  Even my favorite Manhattan haunts would have to struggle to fend off Traif!
Duck confit lettuce salad - Ok, average. Hamachi capaccio - not worth it, 4 slices and sauces covered the fish's freshness. Strawberry-cinnamon glazed ribs - Well worth, above average - ribs just right falling off, BBQ sauce has a hint of cinnamon and strawberry. Braised short ribs, slider w sweet potato fries - Ok, average. the sauce is too sweet for my taste, my friend loves these sliders. Broccoli rabe w fries egg - OK, average Rude little piggy - tequila w bacon (cocktail with the salty bacon on the rim) Should try - $10. Chocolate Budino - rich, creamy, caramelly & a MUST TRY Key lime pie - above avg as key lime pie, but second tier compare with chocolate Budino & Bacon Donut. Razor claim - cooked just tender and the sauce is just right, not salty. $ 85 food & drink total, well worth it.
Beautifully plated, delicious, and unique dishes. Our waitress was very nice and friendly. I went for my birthday and couldn't be happier with the experience. The portions were small but that is expected with the superb quality of the dishes. Will have to come back in the future to try everything.
this place exceeded any expectations I had before walking in there. we went with a party of 17 and the food was absolutely amazing! there were no mistakes with any orders, being that we were a large party it is very common for mistakes. The food was exotic and extremely eye opening. The taste and quality was out of this world! more like something you would see on Iron Chef!@
I saved this place for 400th Review! Since then I've been here twice and love it.  Every person I've brought here says the same thing, "I gotta bring my family/friends here." That's when you know a place is great and worthy of sharing with others. So this place isn't a secret anymore and it's not so hard to get a table either.  Service is awesome and plates are served visually stunning and appetizing.  They also got a back yard garden now.  It's very small and quaint, but relaxing to sit next to if you get a table near the back. Each time I go, my purpose is to try something new.  But unintentionally I reordered a few items.  I guess these are my favorites, so give em a try!  4 dishes for 2 people is quite filling, especially if you want to save room for dessert.  They recommend sharing their plates because they are somewhat small for 1 person.  It's a great concept, but keep in mind these servings are also not your typical Tapas size.   Spicy big eye tuna tartare, tempura eggplant, kecap manis - I love how the mildly spicy (could be spicier IMO) sit on top of the puffy pillow like tempura eggplant.  The drizzled reduced balsamic sauce just tops it off. Strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs - A very unusual pairing of seasonings, but it really works!  It's not overly sweet as I expected and the ribs are fall off the bone amazing.  They thought of everything, even a little bowl with wet towels to wash your hands from the saucy mess.   Seared scallops, creamed corn, sage-pistachio brown butter risotto -Maybe it's the risotto that makes this dish extra special.  It's so good, I've attempted to recreate this dish at home.  It's so good that my Fiance who isn't a fan of scallops named it his all time favorite dish at Traif. Every time we visit BK, I want to stop here.  I try and make an excuse to go to WillyB.  I even once considered riding a bike there all the way from Queens.  That's how much I love this place!  I'd make the trek just for the Bacon donuts...*does the Homer drool*  mmm...do'nuts.
Helloooooooooo Traif! Why did I not have the opportunity sooner? Oh maybe because it is so hard to get a table if you walk in without a reservation on a Thursday night. Maybe it was out of pure luck that night, but we managed to get a table right next to the patio. It was a beautiful night. I had just finished shooting a music video in Greenpoint. Hungry, and curious as to what was in store for me. We wanted to try a little bit of everything, but ended up licking our plates clean. Sautéed Broccoli Rabe roasted portabella--truffle toast, fried egg - This was by far my favorite. The truffle toast completed this dish with the broccoli rabe to compliment it. I could eat this all day and night. Flavors just blended perfectly. B.B.Q braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries - were my second favorite. The short ribs were sweet and savory! I think I was the one to finish all the sweet potato fries too. Crispy Braised Pork Belly avocado, corn, tomato marmalade - Was good. but the tomatos changed the way I was expecting the pork belly to taste. The pork belly was also a little too crispy to actually enjoy the texture. and finally the Brussel Sprouts. I'm not usually a fan, but it was stir-fried deliciousness. Service was great. The hostess was lovely, and our server was friendly with great suggestions!
Possibly my favorite new restaurant of 2010. There isn't one thing offered here that I would not recommend, although the seared foie gras with sunny-side-up egg, maple syrup, fingerling potato, bacon crisps and hot sauce is a standout of perfection. Then again, I've never had a better tuna tartare, or better wings, or a more delicious dish of mussels. The Rude Little Pig cocktail, with a bacon salt rim, is divine. Some others have mentioned the bacon donuts with coffee ice cream. It is all that they say. Get it now. I also love the key lime tart with passionfruit ice cream. Honestly, what can I tell you. This place is the bomb. p.s. Baked oysters, also great.
disappointed last night i tried to make a reservation. they said it was too late to make a rreservation, but we should have no problem getting in. when we arrived, things had changed.  they were very busy. we stood by the door akwardly for about 10 minutes. servers past us avoiding eye contact. i finally went up to the bar and asked if we standing in the right place. they said they would be with us... we waited. when they got to us, they said they they couldn't seat us for an hour and a half. i should have made a reservation. my bad. i bet it's great. make a reservation and you'll probably have a great time. we went to Tabare a few blocks away. they were terrific. we loved it.
Finally made the pilgrimage to Traif last night--as a formerly kosher Jew with a new-found love of pig products, I felt that this restaurant was a must--and the place exceeded my wildest expectations. We sat out on the back patio, which was lovely. The menu consists of tasting plates designed to be shared, so I recommend going with a group and trying as many things as possible. Standouts include the ribs and the sweetbreads, both of which have a fantastic crispy exteriors and meat that melts like butter in your mouth. The bacon doughnuts are also sacrilicious. And, as another reviewer noted, they throw in complimentary tasty bites at the beginning and end of the meal, which is a really nice touch. Finally, we chatted with Jason, the chef and co-owner, and he was warm and friendly and made it clear that Traif is a true labor of love. I'll definitely be back!
I've been in NYC for almost three years now, I eat out probably 5 nights a week, and this is without a doubt one of the best meals I've ever had. I'm not a big fan on the whole tapas thing, but for this food it works well. Every bite you take is different than the previous one, in the same dish that is. And every ingredient has a reason why the chef put it there. I rarely get this excited by food. I've tried maybe about 15 dishes in total and you can't go wrong. The staff is really good. Every time I went there we got free appetizers and deserts. What a great place. For the non tribe members, the idea of the place is that every single item on the menu is not kosher, and the restaurant is purposely located right on the border of the Hassidic neighborhood of South Williamsburg, so you can like or dislike that.. Personally I don't really care, the food is just so good.
We got off to a rocky start with Traif, but all was settled once we sampled a number of delicious dishes from their very well balanced menu. The place is not very big, and fills up quickly with reservations as well as hopeful walk ins. We settled for a 6pm rez, when the other option was 9:30pm....we were traveling with a pregnant friend. 9:30 just wanted a viable option. At any rate, my wife and i made the relatively painless jaunt over the river from Jersey City to meet our friends. We showed up at 5:20...They informed us that they didn't open til 6. No biggie, we actually found a great joint around the corner called Post Office. Be sure to check it out for drinks if you are in the area. Worth the trip itself. Back to the rocky start. After enjoying a libation, and feeling totally relaxed from the chill ambiance of Post Office we returned to Traif about 2 minutes before 6, only to be rudely met at the door with the a curt message that they don't open til 6. C'mon! Give me a break. What was funny it turned out that the rude young lady that greeted us ended up serving us. She was no more polite as a server. Not to mention they were very concerned about turning over the table. I would go so far as to say we were rushed, but we definitely knew under no uncertain terms when it was time to leave. We are now exiting the rant part of my review, and entering the rave part. The food! The food! The food! What a great menu with amazing flavors, and almost flawless execution. I would say if you are there with a group of 4 or more go for the $40/person chef menu. They portion everything out for you, and you get a true sampling of what they offer. We went a la carte, but would strongly suggest going for the $40 set up next time. Everything we ate was cooked beautifully. The flavors were so perfectly balanced, and complimentary of one another. I found myself savoring every bite, but excited as I thought about the next dish. The only flaw again was the service. The dishes seemed to come out a bit haphazardly. There wasn't a whole lot of rhyme or reason to it, and at a few different points in the night some of us didn't have food while others did. I think another reason to go with the $40 deal. Here were our highlights, and what I think were must haves... chopped chicken livers: The odd service almost ruined this delectable dish. They really rushed it off our table, and I found myself grabbing it back from the waiter. Lame, but I probably would have bitten this guy's hand off as it was really good. spicy, big-eye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs: perfect balance of spicy and sweet, and the meat melted off the bone and into your mouth bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli: these were the highlight for me. I could have eaten a dozen of these. bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche , coffee ice cream: Everyone wants to put bacon on sweets these days, but it's not always appropriate or done well. They totally pull it off in such a subtle way here. These were an awesome finish to a tasty meal. Once we were seated, enjoying each others company, and sampling some great food....I found that I could forget about the service for the most part. I will this though....Traif, please get over yourself. You're attitude might ruin a really good thing.
It is hard not to go overboard with the food here, because everything is great. I try hard to order the "weirdest" stuff on a menu like this--things you don't get to order just anywhere. Traif listed both "Roasted Bone Marrow" and "Pork Cheeks" and those definitely qualified as unique. Both were wonderful, though the pork cheeks more so. The roasted bone marrow was more ceremonial than anything--there is hardly anything to eat--though the beef tartare (raw ground beef + eggs + spices) was delightful if you're into that sort of thing. The dessert that they are perhaps most attractive for, the bacon doughnuts, is precious. The fried dough itself is light, fluffy and a picture of perfection. Served with a dollop coffee ice cream and with crumbled bacon on top, it is a seriously American breakfast. The bacon, however, is disappointing--a small notch above bacos bacon bits. This happens a lot with desserts with bacon incorporated, so whatever. Don't miss this place!
Traif is awesome.  They've never let me down on the food or service department. Traif means un kosher in Hebrew, and the couple who runs it has a tapas style menu full of amaze balls pork and shrimp dishes. They also have a pork rimmed cocktail.  There are some dishes i wouldn't order again, but I would go back to trait again and again. My only complaint is that after a few years the menu hasn't really changed, but thats ok cause the things are so good anyway.
LOVE! Such friendly service, everything on the menu is to die for! Great backyard!
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first! If I had eaten the dessert, the glorious bacon donuts with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream, first, I would not have eaten another bite of anything else. The waiter delivered our bacon donuts to us and I was still eating the cinnamon-strawberry spare ribs. As the other Yelpers dug into the dessert, I asked how it was. Cassy S. answered, "It's terrible! Awful! Don't even bother trying it. I'll eat yours for you." At that, I immediately stopped eating my dinner and my fork flew to the soft pillowy donut that was bathing in sweet heavenly dulce de leche, dotted with very crispy bacon. I scooped some of the rich coffee ice cream with the donut. OH, HEAVENLY NIRVANA. I saw stars. I saw light. I saw truth. I saw a thousand wonders of the world. If you are lost and weary, feeling forsaken, EAT THIS for this must have been the apple of knowledge that is in the bible. You will never look at dessert the same way again. When the other table got their bacon donuts, our entire table yelled out in chorus, "It's really really terrible. Bring it here. We'll save you the trouble." Will C. immediately attacked a donut. After eating his dessert, he wandered over to our table looking a little annoyed at us because we tried to trick him out of this delectable treat. Yelpers are generous people. We love to share and there's nothing more than what we love to do than share good food. But the bacon donuts are just that wonderful. We do not want to share. Oh, no! Go get your own. Actually don't. Leave them all for me, please? PLEASE! I only have 6 months to live! DON'T TAKE THE DONUTS!!!!!!!!! *********** What is Traif? Traif comes from treif, which is Yiddish for torn. It refers to all forms of non-kosher meat, pork being famously one of them. Traif serves all different manners of delicious "dirty" non-kosher meat. They also have meat that could be kosher (beef), but I'm sure they cooked in delicious non-kosher ways. Traif serves up incredible gourmet delights in small plates with generous serving sizes, so that a table a four could comfortably have a really good taste of a dish. Best of all the prices are incredibly reasonable, nay cheap, for food of this quality. If you're looking to impress on a budget, you can do no better than Traif. This isn't good food on budget. This is GREAT food that just happens to be very budget friendly. I enjoyed my little bites at Traif. They were very tasty, but the style at Traif is not quite my thing. If you love offal, Traif would be the first place that I would recommend. Knowing that you're doing something illicit, forbidden, and dirty makes the act just that more thrilling, daring, and fun. Sinning never tasted so good.
The best tapas place ever. Better than the tapas in Spain. New York does everything better. Overall amazing here. But my personal favorite is the broccoli rabe with mushrooms and truffle on toast. This is a must eat restaurant
The only reason I am not giving Traif 5 stars if for service.   I love the ever changing menu.  Between two of us we ordered 4 dishes and we were greatly satisfied with each of them, in particular the bone marrow tar tar dish- wow! Small restaurant with a lovely backyard, covered garden area, which my date and I found intimate and sweet. Perfect date.   Great price-point. I'm going back often. I think I'll need to try the donuts... Go!
Food was delicious! Staff was friendly, knowledgable and accommodating. Shouts to Becca for being an awesome waitress! Atmosphere was cozy and not too loud. I will be back!
Had brunch. flavors are good. portions are a little small. sliders are good but i could use one more bite. my friend had the chicken and biscuits which were okay. probably better fried chicken than the commodore (greasy & more skin than meat). my other friend got the eggs in a nest thing which was okay, but will never beat EGG's eggs rothko dish.  it's decent and we sat at the bar with no wait. bartender is super friendly and made decent bloody mary's.  i don't see anything special about it and it seemed weird that the entire kitchen and everything cooked up was in this stovetop space inside the bar. we got to talking about photoshop with the bartender and realized we needed a few more drinks to fill up our empty stomachs since our plates were too basic. we had room for the donuts for dessert. you can't say no to bacon.
It's a rare occasion when reality exceeds anticipation, where the possibilities meet their potential in all elements of the actual experience. (Ok, well, not all, Traif's bathroom game is a tad off kilter in terms of decor and harmony with the rest of the place, but who cares about the bathroom?) Three days before New Year's Eve, a friend, who is equally apathetic about the occasion as I am, and I decided to celebrate our cynical nonchalance by having dinner. It was more or less an excuse to dress up and outcute everyone else, because New Year's Eve's usual generic sequin and sloppy suit/tux game is a serious bore. Amiright? In a scramble to find availability and avoid outrageous prix-fixe, we agreed on Traif, which I've been meaning to check out. 4 courses at $50, 8:30 reservation for a 2 hour dinner. We arrive in appropriately understated fly fashion - I was on team sheer shirt and leather skirt; he, in velvet skippas and Jil (we can pretend J+ is Jil). So good, I hurt myself when I look in the mirror. We begin with the pork soup is it? Y'all, I'm so glad I gave up my prejudices against meat (pause). Where before I would have turned my nose up at Traif, I now had the pleasure of enjoying the splendors of pork and Kobe beef sliders. My first course was hamachi tartare, bone marrow and corn cakes. The bone marrow was a bit of a snooze, but the hamachi tartare was great. The pumpkin massamam curry soup he ordered also allowed me to experience the combo of banana in soup. Big ups to the Dominican influence? Second course, we both had Kobe sliders with blue crab meat topping!!!! I like a little irreverence with my food. It was so good - the sliders are tiny, but took the longest to eat, because we tried to savor it. Disciplined eating, we fancy. Next up, I had scallops with lobster bearnaise and porcini mushrooms, which gave me a night of pleasure when, after consuming 4lokos, sham-pain, and Jameson, I still got a taste whenever I burped. (Check my swag and get up to date) As these dishes tend to do, most of the flav seeped in the mashed potato, which was creamy and sexy. Finally, we both opted for Nutella sundae, because when Nutella is an option, there is no room for anything else. I don't remember the details but there were crunchies and hazelnut goodness, and that combined with the creamy ice cream (redundancy for the win) appeals to my affinity for texture juxtaposition. The service was adequate, I imagine the chaos of NYE has something to do with some oversights, which were overlooked grace a la generosite au spirits de la fete. His wine pairing was obviously lackluster to my two cocktails - bacon salt rimmed tequila and chili basil vodka got me off to a pleasant start. Last but not least, the company was the perfect complement to the evening. Happy New Year, y'all.
I came here on Saturday night for a nice birthday dinner.  It was just the two of us and  did not know what to expect.  First off, make sure you have the right address in your GPS because there are a few similar addresses that can make finding this place extremely confusing. We ordered the chef selection (basically a tasting menu) so that we could try everything.  Moreover, it was impossible to decide what we wanted from looking at the menu. Started off with an arugula salad with nuts and fruit - this was the first arugula where i didnt not have a hint of a bitter taste in the arugula.  Delicious Not going to lie, I do not remember all the courses because all were delicious and there were so many. Here are the ones I do remember - Fried soft shelled crabs - slight asian flavor, perfect. Pork belly - the perfect amount of fat v. meat on this thick slab of baconish goodness. foie gras - cant go wrong with foie gras on perfected toasted toast points - i would have paid extra for more of this course. pulled rib sliders w/ sweet potato fries - delicious to a point where it was uncalled for pasta with smoked salmon - the only dish that did not wow, felt a little olive-garden-ish. two desserts - all i can say is that thank god i am not a dessert person so i did not feel the need to finish the two because we were full beyond belief. I would definitely come back here, especially now that I know exactly where it is and will not be driving to the middle of Park Slope or Prospect Park. Happy eating, suckers.
a taste and you will be hooked. EVERY dish is amazing. seriously. pick any dish randomly and it will exceed every expectation you had. THAT GOOD. do make reservations since you will have to wait a long time if you dont. they also accomodate to large groups (w/ a tasting menu) which  is really nice. YOU MUST TRY.
One of my 3 most favorite restaurants. The food is outstanding. Check out the garden in the back, weather permitting. Love open kitchen. Preparation is just right. The service is courteous, decor is simplistic, but ideal for the vibe. It's a bit laud, but you come here for the food. Get the foie gras potatoes, sweatbreads, everything on the menu is delicious!
Yes yes yes! I've had the privilege of eating at Traif three times now--twice for dinner, once for brunch--and each experience was better than the last. The modest prices are out of line with the exceptional food. Some favorites dishes include the strawberry-cinnamon glazed ribs, lamb and chorizo meatballs and, of course, the bacon doughnuts! Could go on and on about the cozy ambiance, the friendly waitstaff or the unique drinks but I think the sheer number of positive reviews on here say enough.
I almost can't handle this restaurant. It's just that good. The theme? Globally inspired soul food. The verdict? Best meal I've had in the last year. And I don't just mean the first few weeks of 2012. I came here with some colleagues after an event in Brooklyn and immediately fell in love with the cozy, sophisticated interior. And the food? Breathtaking. Tapas/small plates style, which I absolutely love. Means more to order and more to share! Andddd here's what we ended up with. -bacon-wrapped blue cheese-stuffed dates with spinach a la catalana -strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs -bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli -salt & pepper spicy white shrimp with golden pineapple and sweet potatoes AND FOR DESSERT WE SPLIT: -bacon doughnuts -key lime pie with graham crust and pineapple -panna cotta with passion fruit, mango, and pomegranate. Service was amazing and the meal was unforgettable. I NEED to come back soon!
Trekking out to Williamsburg from the other side of Brooklyn is generally more adventure than I want to take on, but with a show to go to 10 minutes away from Traif and 2 hours to spare, I finally got the chance to check out the decadent perfection taking place here. After ordering a beer and a delicious heavy-handed whiskey cocktail, friend and I decided on four dishes for us to split. The bacon wrapped and blue-cheese stuffed dates were okay. It's not that this dish wasn't delicious because it was. It's that I make the same thing at home and for whatever reason it actually comes out better. I probably wouldn't have ordered this to begin with but my friend picked it out and I didn't want to naysay. The little bits of catalan spinach dressing the dish were very very good. Our next dish was warm gooey muenster cheese and spicy chorizo served with apple slices and little toasts. It was so insanely over the top good. I love you, cheese and sausage! The best dish of the night was also the strangest. Crispy pork belly served with spicy shishinto peppers, salty feta, and briney white anchovies. I wanted to try this the most just because I could not imagine these flavors making any sense on my palate. Surprisingly, they did. They made serious delicious sense! My taste buds did a crazy dance and I sighed happily. Our shrimp mussel dish, a low point of the evening, was served in tasty gingery dark broth and topped with weird rice crispy...thingies. The weird rice crispy thingies became mush as they soaked in the sauce and were...not very good. The shrimp were a tad overcooked. The mussel, IDK, they were just mussels. This dish is the sole reason Traif didn't make 5 stars for me. We also shared bacon doughnuts with dulce de leche ice cream. Little balls of sweetness perfectly off set by the salty, smoky, bacon bits on top. At this point in our meal my friend was talking about saving the world and I was pretending to listen while secretly contemplating a way to eat one of his doughnuts. I'm a bad friend. Shut up. *Great complimentary amuse-bouche of...bacon broth. Yea, you heard me.
Best thing about tapas is you get to pig out in smaller portions, tasting different things and not get super full (super broke maybe if you have a big appetite)!!! At Traif, however, you should be fine. The prices are very reasonable, which is the best thing about this place!! I wont bore you out with what my friends and I ordered for dinner, except to suggest the bigeye tuna over tempura eggplant (delightful), large scallops on risotto (extraordinary) and the pork croquettes (hmm). For dessert, we tried the bacon flavored donuts (a little disappointed). Bottom line, if you want to try something different and happen to be in the area (or make your way over to that part of town), I'd say do it!!
Really loud, packed with people and on the expensive side. Very good food though although not particularly generous portions; I left hungry (I totally get that this is a tapas place). Berkshire pork belly & crispy soft shell crabs were great!
We couldn't have stumbled upon a better place for our last night in Brooklyn. The menu was ambitious, to say the least, but delivered on it's promises.  Upon ordering, we were greeted with a "muse" of bacon broth.  Our food was prepared right behind the bar, allowing us to enjoy the process of it's preparation. The cocktail menu was short, but each drink sounded fantastic. We tried 4 of the 6 or so on there. The first drink I ordered had a salt and bacon rim, which was a contributing factor to my decision to order it. I was throughly impressed with this and the 3 other drinks we tried. We ordered a nutella dessert and we're floored. We were sent another dessert by the very friendly bartender. We made it on a slower night just before 1am and could not have been happier. It's surely a gem in a neighborhood. We will absolutely return.
It's one of those cases where I dedicate a 100-review -- in this case, #1,800 -- to a truly spectacular restaurant. I only wish I had written it sooner to capture all the deliciousness. About a month later, though, I can tell you that they really outdid themselves here. Stand out dishes include the melt-in-your-mouth pork belly, the hearty baby back ribs, and the bacon donuts (with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream). No dish disappointed! For five of us very hungry people, we got about six dishes plus dessert. This was enough to satiate us -- above and beyond! The menu changes regularly, so it's worth repeat visits! Just be forewarned, without a reservation on a Saturday, my friends and I waited almost 1.5 hours... But, yes, it was worth it.
What's a nice kosher* vegetarian-ish girl like me doing in a place like Traif? More importantly, when can I come back?? Came here last weekend for a good friend's birthday brunch and was immediately shocked by 1) the gorgeous garden patio and 2) the sparsely filled tables. After eating, I'm even more surprised this place isn't mobbed, but that might be because it's only a couple of months old. Though I unfortunately cannot eat any bacon or shellfish, I will note I enjoyed my asparagus, artichoke spinach egg scramble very much. The side salad and toast it came with was drenched in truffle oil, too rich for me. But onto the stuff the rest of you care about. My friends ordered: - Egg-in-a-nest - egg and portabello sandwich - Braised bacon in soba noodles (the noodles are really spicy) - The Costanza: scrambled eggs with lobster - Chicken 'n' biscuit with watermelon salad - the chicken is deboned and deep fried and comes on top of a big biscuit swimming in a creamy sauce - For dessert: Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream (see photo) Sweetbreads are also available during brunch, according to the waitress but we did not order any. Everyone freaked out about their food. Freaked. Out. Especially about the bacon doughnuts. Though I liked my egg scramble my personal freakout came with the strawberry cobbler dessert. Served in a ramekin, the cobbler is simple but decadent; creamy, sweet and fresh, I would have gladly had another! Also try the silky and chocolaty Viennese iced coffee. A friend had two very refreshing Moroccan Whiskeys, while I suggest avoiding the iced mint green tea -- had almost zero flavor. I think it's funny they offer He'Brew Messiah Gold as one of their beers but they have a nice seasonal list too. The owner said the chef likes to use seasonal ingredients and is more than willing to be flexible for vegetarians. Apparently lots of meat-lovers bring their veggie friends here! *I'm not glatt kosher, I'll eat out at any restaurant.
Stopped by Traif on our first night in Brooklyn.  I have to admit I had pretty high hopes going in - especially from all of the amazing reviews.  I was really looking forward to the Strawberry Cinamon Glazed ribs and they were sadly the biggest let down.  The ribs had been boiled prior to finishing so the rib meat just fell right off the bone.  The Strawberry Cinamon Glaze was pretty good.   The standouts of the night were the calamari (the sauce over the calamari is unreal)  And the Rabbit Ragout. The restaurant has a great vibe and was packed wall to wall by the time we left.
although traif is not mind-blowingly amazing, it is a solid and unique restaurant, and definitely worth visiting at least once. our table ordered the 11 course prix fixe meal for $40pp. u must have 4 people in your party to participate in this. the menu changes quite frequently but the ones that stood out for me were the cold potato soup, the scallops, and the sliders. the broccoli rabe was really good too. great service and ambiance, and fresh ingredients but overall it just didn't wow me
I've been in NY 10 years.  I go to brunch about 4 times a month.  I've never bothered to write a yelp review.  This was THE BEST BRUNCH I've ever had, anywhere.  I had the egg in a basket, which was basically a grilled cheese (brie) with portobello and truffle oil and a fried egg on top, side of mesclun salad.  My boyfriend and I sat in the garden patio area (lovely) and had perfect service (even though it was busy.)  Thank you, Traif, for showing NY how it's done!
Ahhhhh...nom nom nom. I've had several meals here in the span of a few months and I really think I can say, this is one of my fave restaurants. Tapas style is really the way to go, giving you the opportunity to try as much of their varied menu as possible. They change the menu seasonally, so I do try to come whenever I can. The staff here is approachable (not snooty at all). And if you have 3+ people, definitely go the way of the chef's tasting menu. It's by far the only way you can try a wide range of dishes and get the most bang for your buck. Every time I have a friend in town...or simply a friend who hasn't been here yet, I love to take them here. Hasn't disappointed yet!
Dear Williamsburg - I understand that your trust-fund-sponsoring daddies brought you up in places where $100 bills were used to do blow off the nanny's back, and that it really is uber-uncool to care about money. However, stop putting the 2$ label on this restaurant. You will drop at least $50/p on a low budget night out (1 cocktail, 2.5 dishes, 0.5 deserts). The food was delicious, but sparse. The cocktails sounded tastier than they were. Thankfully, charming company compensated for both. The ambiance is Brooklyn-preppy, the decor limited, and the rather incongruous TV was the only real point of interest with its endless Tales of the Unexplained on repeat (everyone on that show looks like Daniel Craig's dad).
** BRUNCH REVIEW** I think it's pretty obvious that we just came here for the wrong meal, but I believe it's still worth  nothing the good and the bad at brunchtime... We walk in to two large birthday brunch parties -- party of eight, party of eleven. Neither with food yet, which meant that we were definitely going to be waiting while the little kitchen caught up with these orders. The place was thought-losing loud (due to the parties). Although there were three open tables for two, we were ushered to the bar to wait a bit (probably again so they could space out the tables). 1 strike (1/2 for super noisy, 1/2 for keeping us sitting when you have the open tables). So we're at the bar, can hardly hear eachother speak and I ask for an iced tea. They don't have iced tea. 1 strike. So the menu. There are exactly 9 items on the menu. They all look good, but when your menu is so limiting, I feel like, especially at brunch when things are east, you should be able to accomodate small changes -- like egg whites instead of eggs. When I asked, I was very abruptly told NO. Boyfriend asked for a side of bacon (we're at Traif...) and that also got an immediate NO -- "no modifications." A side of bacon isn't really a modification we mentioned so the waiter said that he'd try to ask the kitchen to accomodate. I mean, we're looking for some breakfast pork product at a place called Traif -- are we really crazy?? Good news is that they were able to do a side of pork belly, but again, this is after being told it's not possible. (1.5 strikes -- 1 for the eggs, .5 for going through the hassle for a side of pork at brunchtime at a place named Traif...) The good news -- the food was amazingly delicious -- finger licking good. So after dealing with the strikes, we get a great meal, we're happy and thinking positive. We put down the card to pay for the bill and BAM -- they don't take Amex. Traif, I want to love you, your food was so good, but our first dance wasn't great. Maybe we'll try dinner next time and see if things come around.
We went here tonight for my birthday. The food was very good, the cocktails and wine were very good and the service was also very good.  I would defintiely recommended this place to go with friends, very casual, comfy place to hang out and talk and eat. Our server Judy was also cool and very attentive to our needs.
I agree with previous reviews that the chef here is indeed very talented, and most of the dishes are creative and unique, but the execution suffered in some instances (which could be due to the fact that I went when it was very busy at 9pm on a Friday night). The space was small and fun, and the service was excellent. It's very noisey, so don't plan a romantic evening or a night with your parents here- go with friends. Nice, reasonably priced wine list.  For previous diners who complained the garden was too dark, it seems that Traif has invested in some additional lighting outside.  Traif really deserves 3.5 stars. I began with the butterfish carpaccio, which was my least favorite dish of the evening. The butterfish was mild and fresh, but the dish was very heavy for being a carpaccio, with the fish cut in too large,  inconsistent slices, and the salad drenched in far too much dressing. Next, we had the crispy braised pork belly, which was served with a refreshing cantaloupe salad. The pork belly was dry, but the cantaloupe cut the fat of the belly well. Now for the all stars of the evening: 1. Salt and Pepper Shrimp- even better then the salt and pepper shrimp that I've had at several cantonese restaurants in the city. Served with a melon salad, and packed just the right amount of heat. 2. Seared scallops with creamed corn and sage pistachio brown butter- perfectly cooked scallops, which my dining partner noticed that they cooked one side of the scallop on very high heat, then took the pan off of the heat entirely, cooking the second side just with the heat that the pan retained(i have never cooked the second side of a scallop this way before and will be sure to try this in the future after how well these scallops turned out). the creamed corn was reduced to be thick and rich, without overpowering the scallops. 3. strawberry cinamon glazed baby back ribs- You can smell the cinamon glaze from several feet away. I have seen many bbq dishes with flavor combinations that you would not expect appearing on non BBQ focused restaurants, and this dish is an example of this which was hugely succesful. 4. bacon doughnuts with dulche de leche and coffee ice cream- these were wonderful. get them. they melt in your mouth, and the bacon adds a very mild element of salt and fat. 6 dishes total, 2 beers, and one glass of wine for 2 people, without tip was 88 dollars. you cannot beat the prices here for the quality or inventiveness of the food.
"You've never been to Traif?! Oh, you're going to love it!" And just like that I was whisked away to Traif along with about 20 other yelpers after the elite event at BK Winery. The restaurant was smaller than I thought it would be, but they managed to accommodate our large group by splitting us up into two tables. We ended up ordering quite a lot of food. They have 20+ small dishes on the menu and everything sounded so good that I had a tough time picking what to order. The following are the dishes I tried... BACON BROTH - Wow, what a great way to start the meal! The bacon broth had a great smokey flavor and it was rich without being oily. yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx… HAMACHI CARPACCIO - I'm so predictable. If there's raw fish on the menu, I'll probably get it. I loved the combination of the avocado and grapefruit with the hamachi. yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx… CRISPY PORK BELLY - Not bad. I usually prefer pork to be on the tender side rather than the crispy side, but the lentil and noodle stew made the dish for me. yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx… SEARED SCALLOPS - The scallops were seared perfectly and the butternut squash sauce was a delicious compliment. yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx… COCKLE CLAMS - Can't go wrong with clams in a flavorful broth. BACON DOUGHNUTS - This sounded suspicious to me, since I'm not a huge fan of savory/sweet desserts, but after trying the bacon doughnuts I'm now a believer. This was surprisingly good, especially with the ice cream. yelp.com/biz_photos/qLLx… The chef also sent out some pineapples with pomegranate sauce as a last little dessert tidbit. They tasted like gummy bears! The bill was a shocker as well. For the amount of food we ordered, the bill was surprisingly low split up between all of us. Delicious seasonal food, gorgeous presentation, and reasonable prices. My yelp friends did not lead me astray. I was told I would love Traif and I do! I can't wait to go back and try more of the food.
Big thumbs up. In general, this place can do no wrong. I recommend a small group (and a reservation!) and order as much of the menu as you can. Drinks are very unique, very original--they're definitely doing smart things over there. Tuna, scallops, foie gras--eat those.
Traif deserves the hype.  I was between a 4 and a 5, but will need to go back to see if it deserves the 5. Went here on a date and she is gluten intolerant.  I gave our server a heads up and she brought out a menu with hand written notes from the chef on what was okay and what wasn't.  They also offered to make alterations to some of the dishes to make them gluten free. This place is great.  The food was great.  The service was clearly great and I love the atmosphere.  I will be back.  (Am I overusing the word "great"?  Screw it...  I am a little hungover and Traif deserves it!)
Bacon-rimmed margarita was excellent.  Be careful not to order too many heavy dishes though.  You will regret it.
Everything I've ever had here has been delicious. My friends and I all share different appetizers so I feel like I've tried everything and it's all so good. Both their brunch and dinner are amazing! 6 stars!
Traif is a really fun restaurant, and considering the size of their kitchen, I am very surprised by the diversity of menu items on the list!  That said, the food presentation is exceptional, as are the sauces each dish comes with.  The service was also attentive, coming by fairly frequently to check up on drinks, water and making sure our table was doing well.   My favorites include the asparagus soup, the pomegranate spare ribs, the chicken liver, sweet bread and panna cotta.   What could have been better for me (though this may be due to the items we selected): some of the texture for some of the dishes were really similar to one another--- while each dish standalone would have been great, the soft shell crab, the fried mushroom, the sweet bread and others have a very similar texture and not having a different food dish in between to break up the textures kind of made it seem like you were eating a variation of the same dish.   Cocktails and beer selection good, but wine by the glass list was limited.
Went here for brunch - amazing, and I can't wait to try dinner as well. While some say it's hard to find - I don't think so, but I may be biased seeing as though I ride past it every day on my way to the wburg bridge. While the bacon, egg & cheese sliders don't look like much - they were DELICIOUS. And this isn't something I normally would order (I'm kind of whatever about bacon). The fries were tasty and the eggs were fluffy and perfectly complimented the slightly crispy edged bun. I liked that the portion wasn't huge because it left room for my friends and I to share the Pumpkin Spice pancakes. Oh My Lord. Thick, luscious, delicious. It was a perfect Sunday brunch - nice dark stout, great company & service and lip smacking good food. It may be my favorite restaurant, but I'll come back to that statement after I try dinner.
After hearing my friend chirping very good things about Traif, we decided it to give it a try.   The three of us came here on a humid night about a month ago and were promptly seated in the back in their outdoor/indoor dining room. Traif isn't a big restaurant which gets quickly crowded.   Type of menu allows this to be a great place for a small group of friends, or a one on one romantic dinner.  Dim lights, not too loud, I remember hearing music, great drink menu and nice craft beer selection.  Friendly wait staff and attentive bus boys. What I really like about this place is their open kitchen.  The Chef is right there, cooking his creations, one after another. Below are the dishes we enjoyed and some which we didn't. 1. Spicy big eyed tuna tartar - GREAT!  Fresh tasting tuna, over a tempura eggplant.   This was a very light dish.  Tempura was some of the best I had.  I really enjoyed the different textures in this dish.  It works in every way and you will be very happy by ordering this. 2.  Soft shell crab - Tasty crab, nice crunch.  What really made this dish work was their sauce drizzled over the plate.  I can't quite remember what it was, but it was perfect, smoky and absolutely delicious. 3. Pork Belly Risotto was very good, something I would order again.  My only issue was its texture.  A bit too creamy. 4. BBQ Braised short ribs sliders - If you are into sweet braised meat, you could possible enjoy this.  Personally I'm not a big fan of sweet bbq sauce and not a big fan of braised meat.  My friend enjoyed his slider very much.  What was absolutely delicious were the sweet potato fries with what was one hundred times better tasting than ketchup dip.  I would happy with just the fries & dip, minus the slider. 5. Steamed muscles - Bland! 6. Strawberry cinnamon ribs - I thought they were too sweet and dry.  That's all I have to say. 7. Fried chicken with gravy - We all thought the chicken was on also dry, like the ribs. While this isn't an entrée size, in flavor it falls short of the friend chicken coming out of Blue Ribbon & Sidecar in Park Slope. 8. Bacon Doughnuts - Delicious!  The sweet with the salty is a perfect combination.  Would definitely order this desert again.   One piece of advice I can give is not to go there with hungry eyes.  Waitress will likely tell you that she recommends 3 dishes per person, which I think is too much.  It was 3 of us; we ordered 7 dishes plus one desert and were very full.  Anything more and we would be taking doggy bags.  You can always order more as the dinner continues. Overall impression is very positive.  I will definitely return.   I am giving 3.5 Stars for food and 5 stars for service.
How is it possible that I had some of the best ribs of my life in Brooklyn when I live in a state famous for BBQ???? Seriously, I am continuing to dream about those strawberry cinnamon glazed baby backs. Wish I could fl up here at least once a week to dine! Every single thing we had was incredible. I guess I should also mention how much I LOVE "small plate" restaurants. I love being able to taste as many different dishes as possible. Desserts were also phenomenal. My parents were a little skeptical about the bacon doughnuts, but luckily my husband and I were able to convince them, and my father in particular couldn't stop talking about how amazing they were. Excellent food, excellent, prices, excellent atmosphere. What an experience!
amazing! atmosphere, staff, and the food!  wow... I am deeply saddened that I only discovered it now when I'm moving to another state... I may have to fly back just so I can go to this restaurant again!!!
The secret to excellent food is bacon. End of story. For example, the best dish of the night, coffee ice cream with bacon doughnuts were awesome. Four warm glazed doughnut holes sprinkled with ground bits of bacon and accompanied by a similarly sized scoop of chocolate ice cream. It's a balancing act of sweet and salty, warm and cold. In a word, delightful. Everything else was kind of a mishmash (just take a look at the menu, you can't really tell what's a starter or what's an entree--it's just a list). My date and I had BBQ short rib sliders with sweet potato fries (a bit of a sweet overkill, sweet fries, sweet sauce, even the small rolls they're served on were Hawaiian bread sweet) and two other veggie dishes, Brussels sprouts and peppers (they were interesting, though a little light). Now, if they woulda added bacon to those three dishes, that woulda made things a lot more enjoyable. I did enjoy my whisky cocktail and the fact that four dishes and drinks came out to less than $25 per head. Service was alright, and I would consider the ambiance romantic if it wasn't so cramped.
I wish I could give Traif six stars.  Do I need to go back and decrease all my five star reviews to four stars? As a pork loving Jewish man, (Traif is a Hebrew word for un-kosher), and tapas for that matter, I had wanted to try this place since the day it opened.  My lady and I waited for a special occasion, and then took Traif by storm.  While you could go grab a few things, I feel that one must truly BALL OUT at Traif; don't hold back......order any and everything that interests you on the menu for the full experience.   Well, how was it? Seven tapas, four cocktails and a plate of bacon doughnuts later,  I can whole-heartedly say that this was WAYYY up there with the best meals of my life.  I'm not sure if any other restaurant has ever taken me on such a journey of the senses and introduced to me such unbelievably unique flavors combinations as my night at Traif.  The service was wonderful, the ambiance is pretty cool, but the food......WOW....THE FOOD. Here is a run-down of what we ate: -spicy bibeye tuna tartar, tempura japanese eggplant & kecap manis -bacon-wrapped blue cheese stuffed date, spinach a la catalana -filet mignon, cantaloupe, red chililes, mint, nuoc cham -crispy berkshire pigs tails, honey, curry, peanuts -strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs -bbq braised short rib sliders with sweet potato fries -hot pot of mussels, shrimp, and squid in a black pepper sauce. Seriously, some next level shit. the cocktails were unbelievable as well.  My girlfriend and I ordered four dranks and split them all (a nice move, recommended).   -"red pearl": chilli infused vodka, thai basil, kiwi, citrus sour -"rude little pig": lapsang infused tequila, cointreau, pomegranate, bacon rim -"thai manhattan": thai tea infused kraken rum, carpano antica, tiki bitters -"kentucky apple":  buffalo trace bourbon, lairds applejack, jk's scrumpy cider, honey, lemon, peychaud's the dranks were almost as much of a sensual experience as the the food was.  After all that were were VERY full and moderately crunk.  We had vowed to each other that no matter how full we get we would finish off our night with.... .....BACON DOUGHNUTS.       ......OMGZZZZZ TO-DIE-FOR.   I am still thinking about this meal weeks later and can almost taste it just thinking about it.  I'd recommend doing as we did, BALL HARD.   Don't sleep on the blue cheese stuffed dates, they were probably my favorite dish.
This was a really hard place to find and I agree with the Yelper that says it is on Havemeyer and Roebling, not Driggs! We arrived at 6 on the DOT. Starvin'. Seated in the covered back patio. Nice atmosphere. I liked the dimness, it was romantic. The bacon wrapped dates are an awesome appetizer! My bf ordered the strawberry ribs and I got the  BBQ Sliders. The ribs were really sweet, so I was happy when I got the yummy sliders...think: Sloppy Joe's ...(no worries, they are made of pulled pork) ...sophisticated and wealthy Great Aunt. Freaking delicious! I ordered it twice!! And they come with a side order of sweet tater' fries. .......Hold up! Did I mention the cocktail we had? Rude Little Piggys?? The mouth of the cup is salt and bacon encrusted! The drink was a bit strong since it has tequila and it was quite good but the salt was too much. I liked it but probably wouldn't order it again. The dinner experience was great the staff very attentive and the food was a great change from we usually eat when we dine out.  4 STARS!
Great tapas place. The garden in the back is really nice. We had the bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates, thai spicy sweet chili glazed calamari, and their thinly sliced steak dish. A bit expensive, but worth it.
This is absolutely 100% our favourite place to eat in NYC. We have been here so many times and the food is always absolutely excellent and the service charming. I think we have had pretty much everything on the menu by now and everything is at an equally high standard. I never cease to be amazed at how that tiny kitchen on full display to the diners manages to produce the array of food and to such an exceptionally high standard. Seriously this place is well worth traveling for. Perfection.
AMBIANCE: We were pleased to be seated in the corner of the greehouse next to the garden.  During the sunset it was beautiful.  As the sun completely set, it was pitch black, NO JOKE.  We were like the little rejects in the corner sitting on timeout in the dark.  No water for us, no light for us.  We managed to get a candle from the waiter...but clearly it was still dark.  Not dimmly lit, DARK.  PITCH BLACK ALMOST.  I couldn't see any of my beautiful friends faces.  Sad... FOOD:  Despite not being able to see anything, everything was pretty damn tasty.  The food is meant to be small plates..the only bad thing about the small plates is that each plate came with a different amount and it was a challenge to split amongst 5 girls.  I have written below how many pieces each dish came with...  also to note, all the dishes come out staggered. ~butterfish carpaccio, mango, pickled blackberries, yuzu-truffle, sesame, lime--$9-- This was very small and disappointing looking at first sight, but the butterfish just melts in your mouth.  Doesn't even remind you of eating fish.  4 pieces of butterfish ~salt and pepper spicy white shirmp, watermelon, pineapple, thai basil--$9--One of my favorites of the night.  Shrimp was crispy, delicious, and perfectly paired with the fruits.  7 Shrimps. --lettuce wraps: confit lamb belly, peach prik, 5 spice yogurt, picled watermelon--$10-- this was good, an interesting mix of flavors but I wouldn't get it agian.  4 lettuce wraps --confit-glazed chicken wings, coconute cashew-massaman curry--$9--My friends were a little disappointed with the wings since we had just eaten the amazing ribs...but they were good none-the-less.  Prob wouldn't get this again.  7 pieces of chicken. --strawberry-cinammon glazed baby back pock ribs-- $9-- can I just say, AMAZING?  I've never had such an interesting flavor..and it was GOOD.  the AROMA...who would have THOUGHT STRAWBERRIES AND RIBS?!  gawd.... yeah we got 2 plates of this.  each came with 3 ribs each. --sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portobella-truffle toast, fried egg--$10-- this was okay..another interesting combo..wouldn't get it again. We just had to cut this into 5 pieces.   --seared scallops, snap 5 english pea risotto, tomato-caper brown butter--$17--This was seriously SOOOOOOOOOOO YUMMMYYYYY..the scallops were delicious but the pea risotto was AMAZINGGGGG and went with it sooo well.  omg.  but it came with only 3 scallops :( --bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche, coffee ice cream -- $6--oooooooo the yumminess.... I think everyone has already raved about this so i'll keep it simple.  came with 4 bacon doughnuts. --panne cotta?  Delicious, light, refreshing.  The sauce was MUY BUENOOOOO TOP 3:  Salt and pepper shrimp, Strawberry-cinammon ribs, Seared Scallops.  AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING.  Both desserts were excellent as well COST: 8 dishes + 2 desserts for 5 girls = $23 per person (with exact 15% tip included..the service wasn't all that).  Our tummies were all content.  If I were with a guy I think I would have had to order more though. The food was really 5 stars, but the overall experience was really disappointing...sitting in the dark at a restaurant without any of the staff really noticing or caring is kind of unacceptable don't you think?
Saturday, July 10, 1:30pm. I meet my friend for brunch. He texts me to say, "I'm here, waiting for you in the backyard! We have the place to ourselves!" Wait, what? We're somehow escaping the brunch crowd??? I wasn't even in the vicinity of Traif, and I already loved it. I arrive at the restaurant with a simple outdoor decor. It's right under the BQE, which initially threw me off. But once you walk in, you completely forget where you are. My friend was already waiting at a table in the patio, which is covered by real grapevines. We ordered drinks from the brunch menu. I had the Moroccan Whiskey; he had the Lavender Mimosa. Both were equally delicious and quite strong. I also had a side of fresh-squeezed grapefruit juice and a Vietnamese coffee. For our meals, I ordered the Costanza, which is scrambled eggs with lobster and mascarpone, and my friend ordered the Egg-In-A-Nest, a grilled cheese with brie and portabello mushroom- all the ingredients super fresh and super tasty. Okay, for a restaurant named after a Hebrew word meaning "not kosher," "dirty," or "vile," this place is anything but! It undoubtedly beats any brunch I've ever had in Manhattan. There wasn't much conversation during the meal, which is a tell-all sign that the food is good. The flavors were absolutely savory, mouth-watering, and leaving you wanting more. And more we got! We topped off the meal with bacon doughtnuts served with a side of coffee ice cream... ...Seriously, the end (well, it's the end after you sit down on the rocking bench in the back garden surrounded by bamboo and flowers to digest the heavenly meal you just had).
The dishes are tapas style.  We ordered: spicy, bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis roasted brussels' sprouts, grapes, puffed rice, tomatoes, herbs, chile vin bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs soupy paella "de taller:" cockles, shrimp, saffron broth, bomba rice seared foie, fingerlings, ham chips, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce gemelli pasta, blue crab, fresh black truffles, braised leeks steamed clams with bacon dipping sauce bacon doughnuts All of the food was simply amazing.  The most memorable was the foie gras, which was heavenly and left us craving for more while the least favorite was the brussel sprouts (it was too vinegary for our taste). We had a table in the back area ~ which I believe is considered "outside" and since it was a cold night, they had it enclosed.  Even so, it still felt that we were sitting outside, right by a garden.  It was very beautiful. The service was very attentive.  The waitress came by, made sure our glasses were filled and ensured that our table was cleared as soon as we were done with a dish.  We were chatting for hours and stayed after they were closed and they did not rush us out. It was an amazing leisurely meal with good friends and we are anxious to come back to try the rest of their menu.
People have raaaved about this place but I wasn't impressed.  The food was mediocre.  My fiance claims the brunch is better, and MAYBE i'll give it another shot...but he'll have to do some begging.  There are much better spots to eat in Brooklyn.
An important note: this is my first-ever Yelp review. My meal at Traif was so good that I just felt that I had to write about it. Went for dinner with a friend last night. We shared the roasted carrots and brussels sprouts dishes (the only 2 meat-free ones; never fear, both were complex and had a lot going on in the way of textures, fresh herbs etc); the lamb tongue (my favorite dish of the night--the lamb tongue's texture was just amazing: soft and tender but then flashed  on the stovetop to get a crispy crust. Accompanying lentils were good); confit of guinea hen: this was textbook perfect confit, with tender meat and a shatteringly crisp skin, very nice side of cooked radicchio with almonds and grapefruit--a lot of bitterness to cut through the richness of the hen; and lastly the melted muenster/chorizo dish--a smart call on the resto's part to serve last, as it was sort of like a cheese course/good segue into dessert. It's basically a pot of melted cheese with chunks of chorizo strewn in, that you slather on the accompanying crostini (they don't give you enough, you'll have to ask for more) and apple slices. Unlike the other dishes, which were elegant, refined and startlingly original, this one is pure comfort food. We had to finish with the bacon doughnuts, which are as good as everyone says: light and ethereal, like little pillows, really. The bacon is so crisp and rendered that it's not distracting--it's more like lightly porky sprinkles--and the coffee ice cream on the side is smooth and creamy. We each had a cocktail--my friend had the whiskey based one that is based on a Manhattan and I had the Thaiphoon, which is rum based. We thought both were balanced and not too sweet. I am a chef, so I have high standards when dining out, and my meal at Traif was one of the best in recent memory. The food is flawless. The service, however, is distracted. We were there on a super crowded prime dinnertime (Friday at 8) so I can understand why our waitress wasn't super attentive, but with food of this caliber, you want the service to be on the same level. In this respect I think Traif fails.
I was going to give this place 4 Stars because I feel a little weird giving out 5 and then I remembered that our bill, including tip was $100 and we left full, drunk, and totally satiated. So, this is a 5 Star review for what turned out to be a 5 star night. To start, prior to this past weekend (7/16/11 - 7/19/11), I had never been to New York at all. I'd been to Newark on a layover which doesn't count because I didn't leave the airport and because Newark sucks, but that's it. This time I got to do the city right, and crashed with my friend who lives in Williamsburg. He promised to take care of things like "proper Jew bagels" and "pizza that folds" and "adult beverages" and "dirty water hot dogs" but told me that I was in charge of finding a place for dinner. So I got on Yelp and looked for somewhere that we could walk to from his Williamsburg apartment and settled on Traif - which means "unkosher" and has a menu that focuses on pork and shellfish. You guys. I ate so much food. In the city of New York. And drank a bottle of wine. In the city of New York. And when the bill came? IT WAS ONLY $80!! IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK!! HOLY SHIT. Anyway, here's what we ate: - Spicy tuna tartare with tempura eggplant - Crispy pork belly with melon & feta - Bacon wrapped dates, stuffed with blue cheese - SCALLOPS - STRAWBERRY & CINNAMON BABY BACK RIBS And ladies and gentlemen? Those ribs were like meat candy. They were perfect and amazing and I want them every day of my life. Go to Traif. The end.
Now that I've woken from the food coma that resulted from dinner at Traif, I can say this is definitely a worthy contender for title of NYC pork mecca. I expected to just show up and get a table; thank goodness I went with someone more clever than I, who secured reservations (yes, you will need them). The meal began with an amuse- bouche of strawberry gazpacho: an intriguing variation that completely worked.  Moving onto the main, we had 4 savory dishes (of course saving room for later) between 2: - Shishito Peppers with Pork Belly and Anchovies- the peppers were perfectly roasted with a slight amount of heat and a delicious amount of vinegar.  The anchovies were a tad salty when combined with feta, but a bite of the peppers and pork belly made an inspired combination.  Pappardelle with Rabbit sausage, which may have been the best dish of the evening (in the savory category).  This dish alone is worth a second visit. Short Rib Sliders were completely solid (although not standouts).  Pork cheeks were the 'adventure' dish (instead of pig tails) and they did not disappoint.  Braised to the point of falling apart, the dish was well-seasoned and delicious.   All of that was well and good, but everything paled in comparison to the Bacon Doughnuts.  Warm, yeasty fried dough, atop a layer of salted caramel with candied bacon pieces on top and coffee ice cream: it was sweet and salty, hot and cold, innovative and comforting: The. Perfect. Bite.  Top Chef contenders should bank this in memory and win the season, nay, the finale, with this dish.     I declare nap time again: just so I can dream of the Bacon Doughnuts.
Came here for a birthday party in August 2011 with a group of 10. We got to sample 10 dishes each. Everything was freakin amazing! From the melon salad, to the peach salad, to the pasta, the ribs, the fois gras, the scallops, the bacon doughnut, the custard. It was like a stream of endless deliciousness.
The food is great and I never leave hungry or unsatisfied. The tasting menu is well worth it at only $45. The cocktail menu has room for improvement.
Came here with the wife on a friend's recommendation.  Place did not dissapoint.  Made reservations for 6:30pm and glad I did, as by 7:30pm there was a line forming outside (and patrons are in no rush to leave).  We split 6 dishes to get a descent sample of the place (it's Tapas styled).  You can tell alot of effort is put into every dish in that kitchen.  Our fave by far was the Veal (ordered it twice)...  It's soft, delicate, succulent and tasty.  It was as if the animal was caressed, pampered and massaged prior to it ultimately reaching your plate.  It comes with cherry tomatoes that compliment this dish perfectly.  Our second fave were the rib sliders-order this, you won't regret it.   Wasn't crazy about the scallops, which come with some kind of apple/cinnamon concoction-the dish is ok, but something is off or missing here. Chopped liver was ok if your into chopped liver, it was one of the few porkless dishes.  The wife tried the bacon doughnuts, said it was out of this world.  I ordered a Cabernet, but was told they have none, though the wine selection was descent.  The waitress recommended a similar wine from Portugal- this thing was smooth, unfortunately forgot the name of it as I now want to order a bottle.   Note: about 75% of the menu contains pork (kind of a bummer for me as I don't eat it, but their are other options).  Also, seems the thermostat is turned up a few notches too high, was too satisfied with the food and service to say anything though.  Will definitely be returning.
I first wanted to give Traif 1-2 stars right off the bat because they are so damn difficult to get a reservation with. And no, its not because they are so popular that they don't have reservations available immediately. It's because they 1)don't use an online reservation system 2) don't answer their emails very fast and 3) they don't answer their phone.......like ever. I tried to call to make a reservation....left 2 voicemails, an email and called without leaving a voicemail at least 15 times throughout the day over a few days... it's 11, maybe they are just walking in the door to prep for the day and will hear my desperate calls for reservations...its 5, surely people are there ready to start dinner service.... My friend those are all pipe dreams. They will not answer your phone call. Since my husband and I live about 10 blocks away, we took a long walk one night and decided to make the reservation in person. I was fully prepared to go into full fledge mad-mode when I would surely see some snobby host with a fitted ironicly too short suit staring down at me like, "How dare you come into my restaurant without a reservation!" But I was warmly met by the owner, Heather as she huddled around the warm glow of a computer at the end of the bar and a note pad full of phone messages she had yet to catch up with and then it hit me. This place wasn't so pretentious that they couldn't answer their phones. They were just so busy and overwhelmingly popular that they are simply unable to stay afloat of all the demanding requests to dine in their amazing, successful, creative,  and downright delicious restaurant. I wanted to be mad, but I couldn't. Once I started with my name is Brittany, she immediately apologized for the length of time that it took for her to return my *two voicemails* and email. I felt embarrassed...like I was harassing her. But she would have none of it. She immediately wrote our name down for our party of 4 for that Saturday--she also gave me her personal card and email and asked me to contact her directly the next time we want to come so I don't have to play Tag-can-i-have-a-reservation again. Heather is why I'm no longer upset about how many times it took me calling and emailing to secure a place at their table....and the chef's preparations and talent beyond that which I have really seen in NYC since I've moved here is why we will do it all again. And just like that, with one 10 block walk, we had reservations for what turned out to be one of the best restaurants I've ever been to in my life. The night of our reservation we walked in the door and Heather remembered me right away and showed us to our table, which had a great location in the smallish restaurant where we wouldn't be bothered by anyone and were away from the hustle and bustle of the well oiled machine that is their kitchen (about the size of my kitchen in a Brooklyn Apartment). We ordered 10 small dishes to split among 4 of us and we were full and satisfied at the end. I can't be sure of everything we had as I'm writing this but one thing I do know was ORDER THE BLUE CHEESE STUFFED DATES. Don't like dates? Who cares...do it anyway. Strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs? Sound weird? I don't care what you think. Or what you think you know about what foods go together and what foods complement one another. Do yourself a favor and order anything, 1 thing, 10 things, the whole damn menu. It was like....last meal on Death Row good. And all brought out in sequence that the chef best sees fit from lightest to heaviest.... And at $200 for 4 people (10 dishes, 4-6 beers and 3 cocktails including tip) you literally cannot beat it. oh man just thinking about it makes me want to walk 10 more blocks to make a reservation. We will be going back over and over.
I've been on a hiatus from Yelp for the past couple of weeks. So what better way to make up for lost time than reviewing one of the BEST, if not the BEST restaurant in all of Williamsburg. Traif is undeniably a foodie lovers paradise. Eating here is like there's a party in my mouth and all of Traif's dishes have VIP access Traif apparently is translated from a hebrew word that means non-kosher food and kosher friendly, it is not. Because a good majority of the dishes being cranked outta this kitchen has some form of tasty swine attached to it. One of thier signature cocktails; The Rude Little Pig, even has bits of bacon on the rim of the glass. The chef/owner, Jason Marcus, ironically, is Jewish. Go figure. The ambiance here is very hipster and has a romantic vibe to it. The decor is very eclectic and on top of all the good food you get to have, you also get to see all the action in their small open kitchen. Another plus is they have a garden room where you can dine outside overlooking their garden. Def a cozy date spot. The menu isn't very cohesive and a bit on the schizophrenic side but every component on all the dishes I was served melded together so divinely. The only way I can describe it is; if Picasso and Daisy pig hooked up, Traif would be their illegitimate lovechild. Word for word, this is what we had: Spicy Big-Eye Tuna served on top of Japanese Eggplant Tempura drizzled with Kecap Manis. The tuna was very fresh and the tempura eggplants were light and very crispy. Addicting!!! $9 Berkshire Pork Belly with Rhubarb, Grapefruit, Blackberries and Sugar Snap Peas. The pork belly was seared until most of the fat was rendered out. It was crispy yet when it hit your mouth it melted like butta. Everything else on the dish was relevant and when you had the pork with the grapefruit and blackberries it was the perfect bite. So very Yummy. $11 BBQ Short Rib Sliders with Sweet Potato Fries and Smoked Paprika Aoili. Pretty much self explanatory. Simple yet oh so delicious. $9 Seared Dayboat Scallops with a Sweet Pea Risotto in a Brown Butter Lemon Caper Sauce. This was flawless, the scallops were seasoned and seared perfectly. The sweat peas enhanced the creaminess of the risotto that was cooked al dente. $17 Crispy Softshell Crab with Crushed Avocado, Pineapple Sambal, and Papaya. The softshell crab was fresh and tasted light, not at all greasy. I loved the sweet and spicy elements of the pineapple sambal that complimented the dish very nicely. $22 My absolute favorite dish of the night, hands down, had to be the Strawberry- Cinnamon Glazed Pork Baby Back Ribs. This was BOMB, completely off the chains delicious. The ribs were so tender yet crispy from the aromatic cinnamon BBQ glaze. The acidity from the fresh sliced strawberries offset the fattiness of the ribs perfectly. Oddly enough, this was served with a bowl of lemon water to clean your hands after you eat em. Which I thought was completely pointless because at that point I had sucked my fingers clean. $9 The grande finale of the night was dessert.. Bacon Doughnuts!!!! It was 4 mini doughnuts sitting in a pool of dulce de leche with a scoop of espresso ice cream sprinkle with crumbled bacon.  This was a complete mind f*ck for me. It was so sinfully good that I was speaking in tongues. Doughnutty caramelly porky goodness. There's drool running down my chin as I'm typing this. The waitress was really helpful and very nice, not the phony kind of nice either. The only bummer of the night was we couldn't partake in the chef's $40 tasting menu because they need a minimum of a group of four, I thought that was pretty weak. But that was the only minor setback for an overall awesome dining experience. So when I left that night I was happier than a pig in shit........ See what I did there?
I've been here over 20 times now. There is always something new, fresh, and interesting on the menu. Mix that will the few staples that i like to get and it's always a great time. Strawberry Cinnamon Pomegranate Ribs, are you fucking kidding me, so ridiculously good. Short rib sliders are great as well. Bacon doughnuts, Key lime pie and panna cotta are worth all of the few pennies they cost. This place is cheap in terms of the quality and amount of food. Salads are super fresh and nice portions. Super friendly staff who know my name now and always give me a great seat and service. If you're lucky enough to get the bacon broth amuse bouche you will probably fall out of your chair, that's how fucking good it is.
this is my new favorite restaurant in brooklyn. honestly, when i walked in and saw how loud it was and that there was (gasp!) a tv over the bar, i didn't have high hopes. but my cocktail was incredible...strong, spicy, but not overdone. and things just got better and better with every dish after that. the short rib sliders were soft, buttery, addictive. the sweetbreads were the best introduction i could possibly imagine for my boyfriend who had never had them before. perfectly moist, succulent, tender, sauce i wanted to lick off the plate. the broccoli rabe with a huge hunk of pillowy bread, gravy, and a fried egg... bacon-wrapped dates that did not go light on the blue cheese (and why should they?!) oh man, i have to go for brunch. i don't really care that it's loud or that they brought the plates out too quickly (til i told them to slow down, which they did well). the food  (and cocktails) were incredible. i would have put up with any number of other annoyances to get to it.
Traif was one of the best meals of my life.  The whole menu is inspired and unique.  Came with a group and tried 6 different dishes--nothing was short of outstanding.
Good service, great food. Been here 3 times, consistently good. Broccoli rabe dish is my favorite. My fiancé thinks they should fill up the wine glasses more. Will definitely be back again. There's always a wait but what do you expect when a place is good
I came here in September for my boyfriend's surprise dinner with a reservation. The restaurant was located in the South of Williamsburg, right across the Williamsburg bridge. The atmosphere was perfect- intimate, romantic, and casual. There was an open kitchen (fragrant aromas traveling around) , indoor seating, and an indoor garden patio. We were seated in the indoor garden patio, which was decorated with shimmering lights. Our waitress was very friendly and explicitly explained what each of the mouth-watering items on the menu entailed. We ordered several of the tapas, the local mozzarella with pomegranate and yogurt, crispy pork belly, seared scallops with butternut squash, crispy glazed confit wings,sweet potato fries with sliders and the amazing bacon donuts. Let's say all these dishes are to die for. The mozzarella infused with pomegranate and yogurt was a delicious twist on the conventional fruit and cheese dish, the seared scallops were tender and greatly accompanied by the sweet and subtle tastes of the squash. My boyfriend had the bacon donuts as his birthday cake. He loves bacon, so the thought of bacon and donuts harmoniously concocted into what's called the bacon donut was exciting enough. I recommend that those who are heavier eaters should eat something before or you might be still hungry. We ordered around 7 dishes and we still left a bit hungry, hence unless you're willing to pay the price, be prepared. It is on the expensive side, tapas ranging up to $17. However, it is definitely worth it, and is a MUST try list if you are ever in the South of Williamsburg.
Short review because there are like a zillion already, and they are almost all 5 stars. Food was amazing, modern American tapas. My only complaint is not having a big enough stomach and large enough wallet to try out the whole menu in one sitting, that being said I will be back to finish the deed. The wings are like crack, and I am from Buffalo and am pretty picky with wings, they are sweet with a little kick and a little crunch.  I wish I had that wing sauce in my fridge at home, dayum. The broccoli rabe was the surprising sleeper dish, I thought it would be good but it was ridiculous. broccoli rabe topped with Texas toast, mushrooms, an over easy egg and a truffle white gravy- think biscuits and gravy but upgraded for your New York palette.   We had a bunch of other stuff too, all dope.  I'm mad I didn't have the pork belly.   Done.
My boyfriend and I went the other night for dinner and we were seated immediately, even though we did not have a reservation. Our waitress was attentive and informative and every thing we ordered was delicious. My favorite, the bacon wrapped dates with goat cheese...to...die..for!  Will be bringing a few friends here when they are in town. Good stuff!
I love this restaurant.  We had the tasting menu, which was supposed to be 9 courses -- but we were in the chef's line of vision and he saw us enjoying it so much that he threw in two extra courses.  Really every one was delicious, but we particularly enjoyed the pasta with stinging nettles, the soft shell crab, baked muenster with chorizo, and the bacon doughnuts for dessert.  This 11 course feast cost less for two than one meal at many of the Manhattan places I frequent.  Worth the drive over the bridge.
After watching Skyfall, Dave and I decided to head into the heart of hipsterville and check out Traif, which has been on my culinary hit list for sometime. Surprisingly, the restaurant is small but without any doubt, it was also buzzing with energy and smelled delicious once we stepped inside. With an open kitchen, their food is all prepared in a very small space. Personally, I love restaurants like this as it makes my experience feel more interesting and intimate. If anything, their kitchen seem chaotic and impossible to maneuver but all the dishes that they presented to us that evening was fantastic. Dave and I ordered a few dishes and without hesitation we both agreed that their duck confit with barley was the absolute best. The leg was moist, yet tender and literally melted off its bone, while the skin was thin and crispy. More importantly, the barley was al-dente. Like risotto, it was creamy, buttery and carried just the right amount of flavor to make it taste like a perfect dish. For dessert, we tried their much acclaimed bacon donuts with a scoop of coffee ice cream. Although the combination was interesting, I can't say I was oozing with delight as the flavor of the bacon was weak and not as dominate as I was hoping for. Nevertheless, I still recommend going to Traif at least once.  Their menu are seasonal and interesting, while their drinks are strong and well executed. More importantly the restaurant is fun, vibrant, and it definitely has a hiper'ish vibe that will give you a taste of that that ultimate Brooklyn uniqueness experience!
Traif is a SCANdalous word, not only meaning non-kosher food, but all things that are sort of non- Jewish- that is "traif" you would say.  What is so remarkable about Traif is not only it's cutting edge menu with lots of Traif and innovative cooking and ingrediients, but it's location. Sitting on the crossroads of Hasidic and Puerto Rican Williamsburg where these two groups waged an infamous battle in the 80's over the project they shared.  Just seeing the word Traif must drive the Hasidim crazy. The food here is fabulous and cooked in a portion of a bar- making it event more of an accomplishment.  We sat in the tranquil garden perfect on a warm night. Most of the plates are small and shareable so come planning to do just that; Consumed: .Corn cakes shrimp and a green sauce $8 .Of course the strawberry cinamon ribs $8 .New England Cockles over pasta, pancetta in a spicy mint sauce $12 Of these three, the corn cakes which were substantial were super duper with a Mexicanish feel. Desserts: .....Of course the bacon donuts with coffee ice-cream $6 .....Brown sugar budino with auntie H' chocolate bark $6 Now both desserts were cheap and amazing, my friend Karen and I both adored the butterscotchy budino with the homemeade chocolate bark which was insane.  Will def. come back for more "Traif".
Went here about 6 months ago and it was as delicious as I'd hoped it would be. Place is pretty tiny and it can get really hot in there so dress accordingly. Party of 3 guys and we tried a bunch of stuff, but the ribs stood out as the best item of the night. Lots of great flavor parings and combos. The pana cotta was really nice for desert, but don't miss out on the bacon donuts. It's a small plate affaire, but everyone can usually get a few bites of each dish.
Came here with 5 people and got the tasting menu. Everything was damn good. The highlights were the Tuna Tartare and the Pork Belly. The desserts were really incredible, especially the caramel doughnuts. I will be back soon!
One of my favorite restaurants in NYC.  Amazing food, constantly changing menu with seasonal ingredients, good drinks, great service - do not miss this place.  Try the chef's tasting menu, then sit back and enjoy.
Their dish combinations are creative and brilliant. Who would've thought of ribs with strawberry & cinnamon, bacon and doughnuts...and it works! Culinary magic! No wait needed that rainy week night when we walked in. Tapas style, they have one long sample menu to share. Reasonable prices,  ($6 to $18 max). We shared, not in order of deliciousness: *the autumn salad; with apples, cranberries, greens, bacon (of course), pecans, and blue cheese. Great combo. *confit crispy chicken wings five-spice glase *strawberry-cinnamon baby beef ribs, *crispy braised pork belly with avocado, corn, tomato marmalade Every single dish was delish! Beautiful presentations. The flavors were so interesting and different. We were both satisfied. Honestly I feel like you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu. For dessert, had bacon doughnut, dulche de leche with coffee ice cream on the side. Blew my mind! On top of great food, they also had great service to match. Decor was very inviting with bright colors. It didn't feel odd at all sitting next to the kitchen watching the chefs work. I got hungry just writing up this review. Def heading back there soon. Best value fine-dining adventure!
Brunch is AMAZEBALLS!   To take a tasty piece of pork belly and plop it into a slider and eggs and etc etc heaven etc etc is genius!   Love Traif.  You can't do no wrong in my book.
I was back in NYC for the weekend and staying w/ a friend in Williamsburg, and she said I had to go to Traif. Due to scheduling issues, I ventured out for a solo dinner on a Saturday night around 9:30pm. The place wasn't overly crowded, and I easily got a spot at the bar. I saw the gentleman next to me eating some ribs, so I knew I was definitely getting those. And because this place is known for pork, I was getting another pork dish. As soon as I saw crispy pork belly, I immediately knew. (Just so you know, it's a tapas place, so I wasn't ordering two entrees for myself.) The ribs were actually pretty plentiful. I'd say this was the lesser of the two dishes, though still good. The size of the portion was great. The pork belly was the clear winner. Part of me wishes I ordered three of the pork belly dishes instead, but I love variety. While I ate dinner, I had one of their signature cocktails, called The Last Word. According to the barman, The Last Word is a classic cocktail from the days of yore. It was amazing. This alone would be worth a trip to Traif. I did manage to fit in dessert. It was a warm pistachio cake w/ arugula ice cream & blackberries. Pretty interesting & good, but not the greatest. I highly recommend a visit.
I was reluctant to go since the first time around was terrible. I'm glad I went! The service was amazing and the food was so good! My company did the chefs menu $40 pp which was a great price. One of the items on the menu was slightly questionable (pulled pork sliders?) as one of our last dishes of the chef menu before dessert. Not exactly the most memorable way to end out savory dinner session, but the bacon donuts sure fulfilled out sweet tooth :)
I must admit to being a repeat customer at Traif.  We ate at Traif with a party of 7 and as you share at Traif, I think we covered at least half the menu between appetizers, meals and dessert and there was not a single disappointment!  The duck at Traif has ruined me for any other restaurants duck.  I don't know how they do it with such a tiny cook area behind the counter, but there is delicious magic being made there nightly.  Salt and pepper shrimp, the ribs, the duck of course and the seared fois gras are among our favorites.  We ate there again  recently on a Monday and it was Chinese new year menu and wow, they even do amazing Asian food Traif style.
A brief lesson on how your breakfast choice will be interpreted: McDonalds = I am buying you breakfast because that's how my momma raised me and because you're still around, but let's just be friends * Traif = You entrance me.  I want to skip through a field of flowers with you and wake up next to you every day for the rest of our lives So be very careful about taking a love interest to Traif...because you may find yourself the object of lustful obsession!  Especially if you sit in the back patio, looking out into the sunny, flower-filled garden! Luckily, I did my dry run with Luscious Leckie, the perfect partner in crime, who never judges me when I suggest that we order the entire menu!  Thankfully, thoughts of the impending bikini season managed to rein in our impressive greed: 1. Red Plum Salad ($6) - To be honest, we ordered the salad as a healthy concession, but it was so much more delicious than we ever imagined!  Slices of juicy red plum frolicked with bacon pieces, figs, cheese, mixed greens in a delicious truffle vinaigrette!  We loved it! 2. Baked Blackberry Pancake ($8) - SOOOOO ludicrously thick and fluffy!  Stuffed full of ripe and juicy blackberries with delightfully crisp edges!  We spoke with the chef who mentioned that these are baked for optimal fluffiness!  Oh man!  Just thinking about these makes me want more! 3. Egg-In-A-Nest ($9) - Think of this as the most opulently buttery, grilled cheese (brie) and mushroom sandwich imaginable with a hole cut out of the center and a perfectly fried egg tucked inside.  The hole is presented as a mini sandwich, which is simply adorable!  There are more mixed greens with the dangerously addictive truffle vinaigrette as an accompaniment! 4. Chicken 'n' Biscuit ($10) - Perfect for sharing, we got two biscuit halves topped with decadent bacon gravy on either side of some minty apple salad, and perched upon those gravy laden biscuit halves were golden fried, juicy thighs with hints of honey here and there.  The bites with crispy chicken skin, fatty bacon and creamy biscuit were just...mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 5. Bacon Doughnuts ($6) - We were pretty full, but there's ALWAYS room for dessert...and it may be true that we'd already had a sweet fix with the pancake, but NOTHING and NOBODY and certainly NO FULL BELLY was going to stop me from trying the famous bacon doughnuts...and if we were uncomfortably full and had to walk off our blimpyness after brunch, well, at least I can tell you one thing...IT WAS WORTH IT!  I HAVE NO REGRETS!  THESE DOUGHNUTS ARE JUSTIFIABLY FAMOUS!  EAT THEM!  You get four of these beauties (see picture) and they are munchkin sized yeast style doughnuts covered in dulce de leche and sprinkled with crispy bacon bits with a side of coffee ice cream that totally works with the flavors! 6. Buttermilk Panna Cotta ($6) - Perfectly silky panna cotta with a bit of a tart kick from a luscious passion fruit sauce and adorned with pomegranate seeds, blueberries and blackberries has convinced me to order every single dessert on the menu every single time I go to Traif PARTING THOUGHT: I've spent so much time writing about the food that I've neglected to mention the incredibly warm service and the friendly owners!  They were awesome!  I can't wait to go back for dinner!  And if you are planning a solo meal, be sure to grab a seat at the bar where you can see the chef in action! * Unless we are talking Big Breakfast with Hotcakes and a Bacon Egg and Cheese McGriddle...then you're just sending mixed signals!
Apparently Traif means everything other than Kosher... hence pork and seafood! Oooohhh...I get it now! :p This place definitely served up a solid brunch! I'm definitely a fan of small kitchens and big turn outs :) The "Eggs in a Nest" and the Chicken and Biscuits were definitely my top choices of the afternoon, then top that off with some bacon doughnuts and you get a little voice in your head that said YUM! The Eggs in a Nest was so cute...the brie and mushrooms in the toasted bread were oozing out of the hollow middle where the fried egg laid to rest and yet this middle cut-out was not wasted and served as great decor :D.
The high percentage of five star ratings finally became too much and I had to make the trek.  It was well worth it.  Tack on another 5 stars here. The bacon wrapped dates, chorizo/apple crostini and short rib sliders with sweet potato fries were all FRIGGIN' FANTASTIC. I can wait to go back and try more.  Staff were super friendly to people not from the 'hood.  I can't believe the quality of the food the chef can turn out from that small kitchen. Bravo!
This was a very fun and exciting meal... my favorite was the tuna tar tar, its served on top of a perfectly cooked piece of fried eggplant and the tuna is dressed in an amazing sauce. Next the crustini served with apples and melted munster cheese and chorizo... omg sooo tasty, this comes out similar to a fondu where u make your own -the flavors are simple; the perfect combination and balance of yummyness.  And last but not least bbq braised short rib sliders with the best sweet potato fries I have ever had!! All the tapas are very eclectic and very original. You will not be disappointed-- ;) I almost forgot -- the key lime pie was delightful!
interesting and tasty
I went to Traif based on a recommendation and absolutely loved it! My party of 3 ordered the tasting menu. The waitress wanted to know if we were adventurous and asked us what kind of food we liked. We responded and off she went to tell the cooks. (I like that they personalized the menu for us) Out came  10 courses for dinner, followed by 3 courses for dessert - all fantastic. My favourites were: (i) Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby-back ribs,  (ii) tuna tartare on japanese eggplant tempura  and (iii) the soft-shell crab dish Great value for the price we paid. I definitely recommend Traif and going for the tasting menu!
The menu is set up tapas style so I won't go into detail about every dish, but here's what we ordered: Bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates, spinach a la catana (disappointing! Feel like it may have been the blue cheese throwing this dish off) Spicy, big eye tuna tartare, tempura eggplant, kecap manis- Good, but not necessarily unique feel like I've had this or some type of similar tasting variation at many other restaurants Bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries- safe choice, but again nothing super special Strawberry Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Ribs- Not exactly melting off the bone and the sauce was interesting but not finger lickin' status Sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portabella-truffle toast, fried egg- good veggie side Risotto (don't know what the full name of the dish was)- Bacon donuts, dulce de leche, coffee ice cream- highlight of the meal. Anything with bacon wins in my book. Sweet and salty/warm and cold, ftw! Inside was really cute. We sat in the patio area that has clear plastic covering where you're surrounded by their garden. Nice and romantic feel. Service was definitely above par. Our plates were replaced with clean ones almost every other tray and our water glasses were never too empty. They even started the meal off with complimentary gazpacho soup shots. The dishes are creative but my mind was not blown by any dish. Maybe almost the dessert but not quite. Safe choice for good, but not amazing food. I feel like I might have had super high expectations because of all the great reviews, but kind of disappointing that it couldn't live up to the hype!
Amazing restaurant! Just plate after plate of tastebud heaven.... We ordered several dishes, but the standout for us were the scallops, the blackberries w/ cranberries, apples & pears, the mussels, and the short rib sliders. As for desserts, the key lime pie is great - tart, creamy goodness garnished with fresh pineapple. Totally mouthwatering! The complimentary amuse bouche (asparagus soup) at the beginning of our meal was tasty too! We did try the bacon donuts, and they were nice - light and soft but you could barely taste the bacon. They're a bit overhyped, IMO. The atmosphere and service was great as well. The place is small, but relaxed and inviting. We felt very comfortable from the moment we walked in. Our waitress was genuinely friendly, bubbly, and enthusiastic. She was more than happy to answer any questions we had about the menu and make recommendations to us. This is a great place, easily one of the best restaurants in Brooklyn! I would eat here every day if I could.
completely flawless dinner +cocktails +service +also the paperclips they use for your receipts are beautiful.
Pretty good all around. Chef's menu is solid. Food is inventive and well executed. Service on this occasion was completely mediocre but we'll try again. Space is not remarkable but reasonably comfortable. If you're a foodie you should add this place to your rotation.
I made reservations here for my birthday and I found it a little interesting how someone from Traif actually fowarded me a menu to choose from (9 savory dishes, 2 desserts).  People, words do not do this place justice and with 500+ reviews averaging 4.5 stars that speaks volume already.  I'm not going to bother with highlighting what we had, but I will say that the least favorite is probably the salad as it was the first course and least original thing we've had.  Everything else is spot on and the 16 other Yelp friends who were damn lucky to have reviewed this place before I did would agree. So I'll just make a few suggestions. #1 Make reservations. #2 Only bring people you like here, you'll get lots of love in return. #3 Starve yourself for a day and a half and order the chef's menu. #4 If your girl likes dessert, order them all. Oh and you must love pork to come here.
Easily best dinner of 2014 so far!  A friend and I went last weekend, and every single thing was amazing, from the friendliness of the staff, the decor and the best food ever.   Our server told us that 5 dishes would be perfect- but we couldn't decide- so we went for 7.  It was hard to choose a favorite, but I think it was the tuna tartar with the Japanese eggplant. Or the Pork Belly. Or the mussels. I can't really decide. The bacon doughnuts were spectacular. Will be returning... probably a few times! Delish!
Hands down, the best restaurant I have been to in a very long time. The care, the craftsmanship, the precision -- these are people who care about good food. The imagination of the dishes was unparalleled -- I'm sure I'll never taste scallops like that again. The pork belly was just ridiculous. The aforementioned scallops were worth every penny of the $17 they cost. The tuna tartare, which can so frequently be a so-so dish was absurdly delicious. Watermelon gazpacho, I mean, come on. That's not fair. We got five dishes for the two of us and left strolling on sunshine, even though it was dark out. What would have taken it to the absolute next level would've been a strong whiskey-based cocktail. Sadly, there was not one on the cocktail menu. I'm going back. Often. Repeatedly. With bells on. You MUST go.
There was pork in everything, even my drink had bacon on the rim. The food was amazing. The worst thing I had was the baked Munster cheese, and that was still great. Go here, you wont be disappointed
Very affordable with fancy ingredients in fun combinations. Delicate flavors combined in very interesting ways. Drinks and ambience also pretty good.
I hate to have to say this, but eh. I was underwhelmed. I arrived to an absolutely packed restaurant at 8:30pm on a Friday, and, while I made a reservation, we still had to wait. Totally fine. Except...there's nowhere to wait. And unless you want to stand outside peering in like an extra in Oliver, you are relegated to smooshing up against the people at the bar. While my boyfriend was trying his best to stay out of people's way, a waitress with short bleached blond hair actually said to him, "Um, excuse me, guy." Guy? Really? Is that how they taught you to address customers? All bitterness aside, as soon as we were seated I thought things were picking up. We had a fabulous waitress (obviously not the blond one) who helped advise us on how to choose from the menu. We ordered a couple things from each section and waited to be amazed. And waited.... And then the meal was over. Essentially, the menu is just too disjointed. You can get nettle pasta and drumsticks and sliders and tuna and foi gras and scallops and salad and..you get the picture. I felt like I was at Betty Draper's Around the World dinner. Except that, at least, had more of a theme. I understand that a fair number of the dishes had some 'traif' aspect, containing either pork or seafood, but they didn't play that up, and so you end up just ordering a bunch of weird dishes. The mixture of Asian-flavored dishes with some Italian and Nouveau-American standards just didn't sit well in my stomach by the end of the meal. Perhaps selecting the chef's tasting menu would have resulted in a more cohesive experience, but otherwise I would say skip it.
I never thought I would be a "regular" at a restaurant because I rarely go to the same place twice. There are too many choices in New York City. So I was caught off guard when the waiter recognized me. It was a strange feeling that I could get used to. This place is amazing. It's my new favorite restaurant and I have been here 3 times already in the past month. This last time I tried the rock shrimp and hot pot specials. The rock shrimp was deceiving. It looked plainly like smallish fried shrimp. But the spices used gave it such a wonderful mellow heat that it really grew on me. I ended up really enjoying the flavors of this one and hope it stays on the menu for a while. The hot pot dish wasn't as good. It was much heavier than I imagine. When I think hot pot, I think of clear broth with lightly flavored items. This dish had an almost thick sweet tasting dark broth. Filled with small mussels and squid. And topped with rice crispy clusters, yea you read that right. Weird. My absolute hands down favorite dish here is the sweetbread. The firm creamy texture and flavor of the sweetbreads along with Brussels sprouts and mashed spuds meshes so well together. It's really the perfect dish.
The two of us ate at the bar and had a great time.  We love sharing lots of small plates so it worked out for us.   Both the food and the drinks were tasty and not too expensive for what you got. We both agreed that if we were sitting at a table with people who weren't sharing the timing of how courses come out could be an issue.
Can't say enough good things. Baked munster w chorizo! Pork belly! Sliders! Strawberry and mozzarella salad! Be prepared to spend. Portions are tapas size.
What a hidden jewel. The restaurant was quaint, the staff was helpful and fast, the food was exquisite. I would recommend it highly.
I have 16 pictures as well as a 725-character note on my phone describing my experience at Traif but even that would not do it any justice.   I made reservations for a party of ten here on a Saturday night for a holiday dinner and we had the 15 course tasting menu.  The gastronomic experience was nothing short of impressive as our group ooh-ed and ahh-ed our way throughout the meal. Some highlights were the seared sea scallops with butternut squash puree, the pork cheek with creamy pearls of couscous, and the tender braised short rib sliders paired with crispy sweet potato frites. The key lime pie that they carried out was just the icing on the cake to a wonderful meal. I have to say that I was a little miffed at first because our table felt extremely rushed when the first 4-5 courses were brought out, but after that it was smooth sailing.   With their unique use of seasonal ingredients, I will definitely be back as I expect the menu changes often.  Also at $40 a person, the price is more than right.
Considering how much I loved it the first time, and the fact that the more I think about it, the closer I get to declaring Traif one of if not THE best dining experiences of my life, it should be of no surprise to anyone that a return trip was all but assured.   I wound up ordering many of the same dishes, and they were even better than I could have possibly remembered. Especially the seared foie and egg. That dish alone can make a grown man weep openly with joy. But also sadness at knowing he cannot eat it continuously for the rest of his life. The short rib sliders were perfection yet again, and the litany of other small plates delivered were all various degrees of outstanding. But the reason for writing this update is not to sing the praises of dishes already drooled over. No friend, I'm here to talk about the bacon donuts. If you read my previous review (and you should - hell, it should be required in lit curricula around the world) you can see that we were "too full" last time. Pathetic. If only we knew just. How. God. Damn. Good. These little balls of bacon infused heaven clouds could possibly be.  Don't let yourself wuss out.  You will gorge, you will smile, and then your perfect meal will have a perfect ending with these amazing treats.
This should've been 5.5 stars We had Chef's Tasting menu - it is an amazing experience, especially considering the price (super-reasonable). Every dish was perfectly prepared, with great presentation. Butterfish carpaccio, sea scallops, foie gras, softshell crab, strawberry-glazed ribs, short rib sliders and more - that was a great experience. If you want more details and pictures, here is a link for my blog post: talk-a-vino.com/2012/08/…. Wine list was very good, lots of reasonably priced options. Friendly and prompt service. Highly recommended - don't miss it!
I have only great things to say about this place. The food is amazing and very creative, everything just goes together perfectly. The atmosphere is very relaxed and casual but the service is still excellent.
I went to this lovely restaurant yesterday for my anniversary. First off, the place is very quaint, dim lighting, attentive servers and bustling with activity. It was a Friday night so there were a lot of people there. I made a reservation for 945 and it was packed. We sat at the bar, since we arrived early. The cocktails were good for a restaurant. But, the food and service is impeccable. We told them it was our anniversary, and we wanted to do a tasting menu (even though they only offered those for parties of three), they offered to create one for us! The server, Brooke, was amazing, she was attentive and sweet and even gave us complimentary dessert and champagne for our special day! She was top notch. Now, the food was truly amazing! It is tapas style food, so we picked quite a few things, the ribs, pork belly and scallops were amazing, the quail was melt in your mouth good, and even though we ordered a lot it came out fast but we were not rushed at all. We felt very casual at this lovely spot. The presentation of all the plates was gorgeous. The prices for everything were really reasonable. In all, it really made a magical night even better for us. Bravo traif! Thanks for a lovely time, we will definitely be back.
This is going to not sound like a 5 star review at first, but bear with me. Traif is dim. And not in a romantic candlelit way. I couldn't see my food well. The guy behind the bar was fighting the good fight by holding up glasses to the barely there lighting so that he didn't serve any with water spots. There was a spotlight in the prep area so that the servers could at least see the dishes before they went out. The rest of the kitchen... dim. Traif is loud. I mean LOUD. Like Grand Central loud. Actually worse since it's not such a large space. It became of vicious cycle of shouting. And really lady... nobody has to laugh that loud outside of a comedy show. If you can, sit in the separate area in the rear. If you have a jacket or purse, don't sit at the bar. There's no place to put your belongings but on the chair next to you. And if they need the seat... you're crap out of luck. The portions are small plates. You find that out right away when your server asks you incredulously if "that's all you want??" I ordered the BBQ Sliders. They come with two sliders & sweet potato fries. You get a very yummy roasted pepper soup amuse bouche that just makes you want more. Now out come the sliders. They made my stomach mad just looking at them. Then I ate one sweet potato fry. Dear God up in Heaven was that good! I think they breaded the sweet potato fries with Angel Dust. Not metaphorically... with actual psychedelic drugs. I destroyed them how Godzilla destroyed Tokyo. They give you the option to add a third slider to the entree, but what they should do is allow you to just order the sweet potato fries on the side. I want to bathe in them. Since I only ordered 3 Sliders, I had plenty of room for dessert. I normally don't, so it was a prime time to have the famous bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream. First off, I love coffee ice cream. I love bacon. I love doughnuts. Put all three together and BLAM! And you get a nice amount of them too. They were most likely to share, but don't. Eat them all yourself. Maybe I came on some weird Loud Talker Night but I would gladly go again just for those fries. I'll give away the sliders and order some other entree just to get the fries. Good God the fries!
I'm d*mn stingy with my five star reviews.  Traif?  Traif is a five. The red plum salad with shaved blue cheese?  Five. The bacon, egg, and cheese sliders?  Five, even if my husband wished the portion size were a little larger. The lavender mimosa?  Five, and wish it weren't just a special. The bacon-fat doughnuts?  Five, and one of the best marriages of bacon with dessert I've ever encountered. The chicken-n-biscuits?  Five, and I want more.  Now now now. I've been meaning to go to Traif since I was pregnant and saw some of the early press before their opening.  I walked past the storefront and peered in several times, then triumphantly hustled through my waddle home from the JMZ to let the other member of my household know that they were open for business and that we should go.  And then somehow--because I suck (?)--it took me a year to finally get around to making it there, after we finally moved out of the neighborhood and it's not so readily in my grasp anymore.  That may be the most significant foodie mistake I've made in my tenure as a New Yorker. I want to go back.  I'm a little tipsy from the afternoon beer I just had, or else I'd be strapping the kid in the carseat and driving there now.  But I think I'm sober enough to walk to the subway station.  And that's what I should probably be doing rather than typing this exuberantly glowing endorsement for the best unholy food around.
This place was fantastic. It is probably best to make reservations because when I got there the place was packed! Luckily I was by myself and managed to find a seat at the bar. The bartenders were quick to attend me and when they asked what I was drinking I didn't have an answer for him. So he surprised me with something he called The Sweet Transvestite. This drink was a bit small but was packed full of flavor. By the end of the meal the people to my left and right were drinking the same thing. I myself had about three of them. Then came the food. I had s brussel sprout dish as an appetizer. And some lamb as the main course. MY GOD! The food was expensive but so worth the price. The lamb came out cooked to perfection. Not a single bit of fat was on the lamb bites and it was still warm and pink in the center. The appetizer actually did its job by increasing my appetite. The dessert was very sweet and a perfect finish to the meal. I left that restaurant wanting to go right back in for seconds. Unfortunately I had other things to do.
Saturday Brunch= OVERSALTED..... very disappointed.
solid dishes with inventiveness and good price
Great meal and service. We had a table for 3 and had the chef's selection ($45 per person). It was 11 courses (9 savory dishes and 2 desserts. The most memorable dishes for me were the scallops, braised short rib sliders (with the best sweet potato fries I've ever had), the shrimp, and the two desserts (Panna Cotta and Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream).
My food twin is kinda famous on yelp, so when he says, let's go to Traif, you go to Traif. After a bit of a hike and a broken flip flop later, we arrived at an unassuming little space where a little wooden pig with a heart shape on its belly beckoned us to enter. Sitting at the bar, waiting for our table, our bartender recommended we try some refreshing specials. I don't even know what was in my drink but it tasted peachy and minty and went straight to my head. Ten points for you hot tattooed bartender! It was a warm, slightly muggy evening and we were escorted to the back where we had a lovely view of the vines entangling the ceiling and the little garden, an absolute oasis in the middle of Brooklyn. The thing about Traif is that while it reminded me a lot of Animal in Los Angeles in terms of the menu, it definitely had its own New York charm. It was obvious that a lot of thought had gone into the menu and there were some interesting combinations I hadn't seen before. Standouts were the broccoli rabe. The twin is a huge advocate of having something green on his dinner table (something both our mothers have stressed to us time and time again) and it was the perfect choice because it appeases our mothers and was so tender and flavourful I was picking off his plate (much to his dismay). Then came the razor clams. I really don't know why they don't do razor clams at more restaurants in New York. They're so succulent and whatever they did to it at Traif made them a bajillion times (excuse my kiddy talk) better than they normally are. I suggest that you don't skip out on the foie gras. It comes with fluffy/crispy fingerling potatoes that you won't want to miss out. And who can say no to maple syrup yes? I have to say my only disappointment was the lamb meatballs. They tasted just like regular meatballs and I'm not even a fan of pulverised meat. Oh and if you have room for dessert, run, don't walk to get the brown sugar budino. Chocolate at its very best my friends. The bacon donuts were decent too - not your average New York City policeman's donuts I tell you. If you're looking for a sinfully delightful, absolutely un-kosher meal, I suggest you head to Traif immediately and keep going back for more.
oy, so good. I had several dishes, I was amazed at the deliciousness of what came out of that tiny kitchen. My only regret was that I was by myself that night and didn't get to try more dishes.  I'll be back with a crew. Excellent, excellent food, one of those places you kind of drift out of feeling like you were totally satisfied by the experience.
Amazing desserts and dishes.  I'm going to be there for sure the next time I go to NY.    It's tapas style so do share!
So after our lil monster played hide and seek with the doctors' heart detecting gadget, Hubby decides to take me to get some delicious dinner at my favorite restaurant Traif. It's where we had one of first dates at about 1 am on a Wednesday over 3 years ago. We see one of the owners, Heather, that we've gotten to know over the years. We talk all about what a whirlwind year it's been for us. She is one of the nicest people, such a great spirit. So, she returns to their other restaurant Xixa, and we proceed to eat the left side of the menu. Stuffed and happy (food was delicious as always) we ordered dessert to go (too full but still greedy) and the check. The hostess comes to the table to advise us that our entire bill was comped by Heather. I cried. It was her congrats on marriage and baby-2-be. Sometimes, i lose faith in people. I feel the world can be a cruel and mean place. I have an infinite appreciation for people who remind me that there is still plenty of good and selflessness in this beautiful/ugly life. I'll try to never forget it again. I plan to be a lifelong customer. Thank you Heather and Traif.
The food is amazing! My friends and I came here and ordered the pepper shrimps, strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs, short ribs of beef sliders, and the scallops. Everything was wayyyyy above good and this is definitely my new tapas spot. It can get a little pricey but it is definitely worth it. The drinks are also good and very unique. The bacon donuts are unexpectedly yummy! As Arnold Schwarzenegger says.....I'll be back lol.
HOLY GUACAMOLE! Ill have the whole menu to go please! We went here last night for my wife's suprise birthday dinner. Besides the part that I was with great company, the food definitely helped set the mood for the rest of the night. As a suggestion from my fellow yelper friend Cassy (who is basically the dutchess of Traif [18 check-ins and counting]), we all agreed to have the tasting menu. And oh boy (or girl)! this place didnt dissapoint. I think we went thru about 8 dishes and each one was just as good as the other. I would say my favorite one was those damn strawberry cinnamon baby back ribs! Cant forget the seared scallops with creamed corn, the pork belly  and the pigs tail (yum!) As most of the people in here mentioned, the bacon doughnut and moms keylime pie was a great highlight to end the cycle. I loved how the chef mixed different combinations of meat and fruits! I have been to a few "Traif-like" places and they have great food also but Traif sets themselves apart with their combinations. We also ordered 3 bottles of Shiraz Heartland from South Australia. I am not usually a red wine person but after a sip of Cassy's glass.... "BOTTLE PLEASE!". This one of the better red wines ive tasted in a while (no yucky after taste like most). I usually get sick of drinking wine after one glass or two but 3 bottles among 4-5 people... it has to be good! TRAIF! GREAT JOB AND KEEP IT COMING! I WILL BE BACK! AND BACK AGAIN! THEN AGAIN!
Welp Yelp, this is a restaurant that I have been trying to make my way over to for some time now. After a lot of hype, friendly recommendations and yelp reviews read I finally made my way into Traif and can simply describe it in one overused, tacky yet effective catch phrase: This place was the BALLS. Traif had me at hello. As I walk in the joint with a lady friend (nice girl) they've got Johnny Cash crankin over the stereo making me feel like just enough of a bad ass where I decide to ditch the bottle of wine and crush a whiskey neat, side of beer. Our waitress (who was a forest fire btw) threw out a few suggestions, we made our picks and then got ready to go to work. First, some gazpacho on the house. Mint. Second, tuna tartar. Mint. Third, Pork belly with all sorts of crazy shit all over it. MINT. Fourth, scallops with risotto. MINT MINT. Fifth, foie Gras with an egg sunny side up, tatters and hot sauce drizzled on top. MINT MINT MINT. The next dish was a big deal. I don't understand how, but it was. Sliders with sweet potato fries and a spicy dipping sauce. I still don't get it. They must put a little bit of fairy dust / the blue meth from breaking bad in there because I've never had anything like this in my life. I asked the waitress what the deal was, she says she's sworn to secrecy. So pissy me, annoyed with curiosity, orders another round of the sliders. Stuffed. Still got the key lime pie the owners mother makes in her home kitchen every day though. Bill was $107. A joke for the quality of food consumed. Do the right thing, get involved. Traif.
Had the chef's selection meal (it's like 6 courses?) with some friends on Apocalypse Eve (December 20th 2012) as our "last meal." It was TO DIE FOR.
get the bacon donuts. i also loved the tartare and the sliders.  the tasting menu is amazing and such a great value. oddly enough, i didn't love the ribs because they were a bit dry, perhaps an off night?
If you love pork, are not hungry or are a girl that pretends she can't eat a lot (I'm not falling for shit that anymore...) you will love or pretend to love this place. If you hate pork, are hungry or are a person pretending to hate meat, you might not like or pretend to not like this place. I would definitely call this more of a tasting experience, less of a eating experience. How can you tell? Because you can finish your entree in one bite. I had three dishes and three desserts. The dishes in order of best to worst were: 1. Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese (salty, sweet and salty again!) 2. Sauteed broccoli rabe 3. Crispy pork belly (big expectations, even bigger letdown) Dessert: 1. Bacon donut with ice cream (I could've eaten 15 at least) 2. This white cream jello (consistency of flan) 3. Strawberry Cobbler You can skip the last one, the first is a must and the second is so so. Thankfully, I ate a pretty big meal before coming here so the portions were perfect for me. And I would've been happy just getting the dates, broccoli rabe and bacon donut. As far as the restaurant, it's small and dark. They have a small tv with iron chef running on a loop. The service is decent and the waitress was friendly. Would I go back? Yes, but I'd have to be pretty full. Because I'm going to taste, not to eat.
Freakin' A. I was totally going to review Traif for my 100th review but I was on a roll and now it's my 102nd. Sigh. Anyways, it's sort of fitting. I planned my visit to Traif months before it actually happened. Not because I like to plan in advance (I'm usually forced to), but because various circumstances thwarted my efforts. The third time proved to be the charm so I was overjoyed but wary - would Traif live up to my expectations and was it worth all the trouble? YES. Traif's brunch was the best brunch I have had to my memory. I think I was embarrassing my company by almost constantly giving my approval. Let me tell you, truffle oil/butter/toast is a killer combination. Especially with spinach and mushrooms and runny egg and  everything my taste buds like. Mmm. Side note, bacon donuts were not all that, IMHO. I don't think the coffee ice cream goes very well. Or maybe I just don't like sweets and bacon. But I'm definitely going back for dinner. I just hope this 33% success rate is not a trend.
Came here on St Patty's day 2012 to avoid the hoards of drunkies wandering the city and it ended up being a really unbusy time to come for brunch despite prime brunching hours! All I can remember is this place being a unique tapa's brunch spot with smaller portions (and thus a bit cheaper / dish) and really amazing tastes.  Most unique went to the donuts that were topped with bacon--Bacon donuts! Next that I thought was great was the egg in the hole where an egg was baked into the sandwich--this was one of the best dishes on the table, thoroughly enjoyed.  I'd like to come back for dinner, all the reviews look great!
Food was very good, especially the scallops, but not out-of-this-world good. I made a reservation in advance, and still had to wait 45 minutes past my reservation time due to some "unforseen event." That was sort of a bummer as this dinner was for my girlfriend's birthday, and I was looking for a special night. I think this place suffers from over-hype which makes it far to difficult to get a table on time and definitely impossible without a reservation.
Being from Southern California and in the restaurant business, I was very excited to be in NYC for 4 days to try all the amazing food out there. I had actually heard of this place through a friend of a friend and had to make the trip to brooklyn to check it out. 5 stars doesn't begin to explain the experience. The food was amazing, different, and well thought out. Flavors worked very well together, we ordered 5 or 6 dishes and they were all 5-stars. The service was spot on, the owner/manager Heather was so helpful and was literally smiling the entire time and almost knew what we needed before we even asked. The Chef brought all kinds of different styles and flavors together on each dish that really made each plate stand out on its own. Cinnamon-Strawberry baby back ribs? To die for. And the drink list was original too. Bacon rimmed cocktails? Fantastic. Amuse-bouche, really? Who does that unless you're paying 50, 100+ per person?! And it was AWESOME. A great restaurant experience comes from the food and service obviously, but the details and extras are what really make an experience truly amazing.  Not too mention the really cool outdoor patio/garden area that would be a great date spot. Well done Traif, congratulations on your continued success!
The food was pretty tasty, but I'm on the fence about going back.  I can't find the menu online.  The menu changes often, but the website doesn't seem to update the menu, so I can't be really specific with what I ordered. We ordered a crab pasta with mushrooms & cheese.  It was tasty, but there were only speckles of crab in it.  I could not taste any crab in the dish.  The pork belly was okay.  I wouldn't crave it.  However the sauce the came under it was amazing.  The pulled pork sliders and sweet potato fries were good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  The bread for the sliders was just a regular dinner roll.  The "sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portobella-truffle toast, fried egg" was tasty.  It was my favorite dish that night.  The bacon donuts were donut holes topped with a sprinkle of bacon.  They were light and delicious. I can't find the drink menu online, but I had two lovely vodka cocktails that I thoroughly enjoyed.
I had dinner plans for a girls night out with my cousin, and knew I wanted to stay on this side of the Williamsburg bridge ... So I turned to Yelp once again for guidance and a general idea of some places to visit. Yelpers  - you have not failed.  This is now one of my favorite places for an indulgent meal.  And that is exactly what you do when you are at Traif.   We started with the Blue Cheese Bacon wrapped dates (which were amazing and I am not a huge blue cheese fan), and our waiter paid attention to our eating speed so there was always a new item being brought to the table - maintaining a lovely two plate selection. So - here is the run down: Blue Cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon - Very strong flavors and a definite if you love blue cheese.   Corn Cakes with Rock Shrimp and Salsa - Lovely light south american flavors that build the dish.  Must like cilantro. Duck confit Lettuce wraps - Oh my friggin God.... yeah - thats about all I can say on that one... (drool) ........ yes I am literally salivating thinking of this meal.... Pork Belly with tomato jelly on a guacamole and corn salsa - this was simply awesome.  The pork was cooked to a crispy but tender piece of perfection and was complimented by each part of the dish.  This might be my hands down fave from the small dishes. Pulled Pork sliders with Sweet Potato fries - not as risque, but just as amazing.  Great flavors and a very safe dish :o) And the best way to end the meal .... Bacon doughnuts with dolce de leche and coffee ice cream. Now, for all of you citics, dont knock it till you try it.  For all foodies - its a must.  Two bite nuggets of the lightest doughnut fresh out of the oil (yeast doughnut at that)  drizzled with dolce de leche, complimented with a scoop of coffee ice cream and with a light sprinkle of crisp bacon "sprinkles" (i.e. bacon bits) on top.  A simply excellent must try, Well now I am craving Traif and hope that everyone tries this place at least once ... wait ... disregard this whole review - I am just not ready to share this little gem just yet!
LOVE Traif! I went last week some friends. The 6 of us were encouraged to order around 18 dishes so there was ample food for all of us and boy was there enough food! My favorites were the sliders, strawberry and cinnamon ribs, tuna tartar, soft shell crabs, muenster cheese with chorizo, and the bacon doughnuts! I wasn't a fan of the prawns as they were super fishy! The vibe was great and our servers were really nice. For all of the food and drinks it only cost us $56 each. Definitely will be coming back here in the immediate future!!
Traif is a great date spot or a cute place to bring the girls! Everything we had was pretty much delicious and was literally the whole menu! - very cozy atmosphere, and romantic!
I have to agree with another reviewer, and say, "Yes, this is my NEW FAVORITE RESTARAUNT! Ten thumbs up all the way...I have eaten here three times in two weeks, including late night eats. I can't say enough good things about this place...everything is just delicious, and I'm not one to dole out rave reviews. Great cocktails, (my fave is the Red Pearl, it's got some nice kick to it.) charming atmosphere, I love the casual kitchen; (where you can see the chefs workin' magic.) it almost  makes you feel like you are over at a friend's house, hanging out in the kitchen while they make you a delicious feast. The backyard is so beautiful...hanging grapevines, lush foliage, I would go as far to say "fairytale-esque". And about the food...every bite is a flavor explosion. Each time I have gone, we have been presented with a little appetizer shooter of watermelon gazpacho with a shred of basil. Not only is it delicious, but any place that brings you a little special "extra" really makes a huge impression on me. It's like saying, "I value your patronage. Thank you."  LOVE: Lamb and Chorizo meatballs, Five Spice Chicken Wings, Tuna Tartare, Strawberry Glazed Ribs, Pork Sliders, Chicken and Duck Confit Lettuce Wraps and don't forget the Pork Cheeks...God I'm so hungry just thinking about it, and I just went there last night.  Way to go, Traif, I am completely in love with you......
Traif, good job getting into my pants last night.  I'll drop to my knees and obey your every whim if you keep serving me your lucsious pork and shellfish and other delicious deliciousness.  No, really, I'm all yours, forevers and evers and evers, for life.  What do you want me to lick? Your bottom? Your bowl's bottom?  Ok, sure, whatever, GIVEMEMORE. BFFs L/D
Traif was on our list of must see spots during our last tour of NY.  Can I just say that it was well worth the hype?  Chef Jason Marcus (formerly at Le Bernardin & Eleven Madison Park) is a genius.  The finely tuned execution exemplary of the aforementioned has made its way to this casually sinful establishment that is Traif.  From the service to the super humble staff - I would put Traif at the top of our list for must try's in NY! Our evening in 30 seconds or less. We had a 7pm reservation.  Boom, right in.  The hostess was as friendly as can be. We sat down at 7:02.  As we were perusing the menu, we were greeted by a delicious watermelon gazpacho shooter.  Perfect.  We proceeded to place an order for 7 savories. The duck confit lettuce wraps - yum! The hamachi carpaccio w/sliced nectarines - refreshing! The confit, crispy chicken wings - ridonculous!  Jason overheard us gushing over the food and offered to share his recipe.  It was a huge hit at our last party. The strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs - absolutely fantastic!  Cooked perfectly. The seared foie with fingerling potatoes, ham chips, egg and maple syrup - orgasmic...though needless to say, I did not feel sexy after eating all of it. Teehee. The chicken and biscuit with sausage gravy -- so utterly comforting on that rainy day. Our last savory was the thai spicy sweet chili glazed calamari - I housed it like there was no tomorrow. We ended our meal with mom's key lime pie with blue berries.  Oh my goodness....perfectly balanced sweet and tart. Before saying goodbye, we were treated with watermelon cubes drizzled with balsamic vinegar reduction. Our bill?  $100.  $70 of which was in food, the rest in drinks.  I was absolutely shocked.  So much so, that I had to take a picture to commemorate it.  The hostess found it so endearing that she gave me a hug.  Really, you can take down the entire food menu with $200.  Note to self for next time! Will absolutely be back!  :D
The food is outstanding as everyone knows. The downgrade they earned from me was their incredibly rushed service.  Do not take my fucking plate away while I'm still chewing my food. It happened on every course we were served the other night. I understand you need to turn over the tables but good lord settle down. We were rushed out of there in little over an hour. (4 small pate 2 large plates)
This place is fantastic! We dined here before heading out to a show at MHOW. The food was out of this world and the service ...THE BEST! We tried many of the recommended dishes you will find yelped here by others...Ribs were delicious as was the Salt and Pepper shrimp. LOVE the soft shell crabs...you must try those! But my fav was the pork belly...OMG that was delicious :). And of course the doughnuts were a mouth watering end to a spectacular eating experience. Very romantic atmosphere cozy and comfortable where we sat in a sort of outdoorsy feel back room. It just doesn't get much better than this!
had brunch on saturday.  again, excellent.  fried chicken on bisquits is the best lunch deal i've had in years.  :)
Seriously delicious.  We were a group of 3, ordered 6 items and were soo stuffed.   Recommended dishes, though the menu changes regularly: -rigatoni -scallops -tuna tartare -short rib sliders -any of their salads - bacon wrapped dates Stuffed, our bill only came to $22 a person.  AMAZING, will be back on another sunny day
This was my first experience at Traif and I really do not think I will be going back anytime soon.  I am not sure what all the hype is about besides that it is in Williamsburgh and that makes it SUPER trendy. We arrived two minutes before six o'clock and the wait staff was overheard stating "they are here already." not a warm welcome I was expecting.  The space was small and there were little bugs on the wall and flying around. Now I understand the "grade pending" sign in the window from the health dept. The food was definitely prepared earlier in the day as nothing was hot just room temperature.  The service was just okay and the food a little expensive. If this restaurant was not in a yuppie, trendy, gentrified neighborhood it would not have such a high rating.  I really wanted to love this place. Unfortunately it disappointed me.
The hundreds of Yelpers who have also dined at this restaurant have not lied and neither shall I!  Great, top quality food. Seating is a bit limited so it's best to have a reservation. They also offer a tasting menu if you're feeling overwhelmed by all the options.  Fyi, the sliders were the most amazing thing I've eaten in a long time.
The food is always amazing and the staff is great.
we went for dinner on a saturday night with no idea what to expect other than the reviews online, which were generally very good.  service was surprisingly good, very attentive, friendly and helpful.  the food is served kind of randomly, so you never know what is going to come out next, which made it fun.  we had nine dishes and all were excellent.  really some unusual combinations and special flavors which kept us guessing.  every dish was a bit of a surprise, always positive.  we are not big meat or pork eaters so despite the fact that the restaurant favors pork and pork-flavored dishes, we had mostly vegetarian and seafood items.  Again, to our surprise, there were plenty of great items on the menu to choose from. the atmosphere is bustling and very brooklyn-casual.  we sat in the back room which is quieter and has some larger, round tables, which we liked.   we definitely would return.
I can't stop raving about this place. Went here last Saturday around 1:30 for brunch and savored the BEST pancake of my life. Better than Clinton St. by far. It was about eight inches in diameter, half an inch to an inch in fluffiness, and full of crispy soft perfection. The glaze was a bright red crab apple, and sandwiched by slivers of moon-shaped pear pieces. SO, SO good. My boyfriend ordered the fried chicken and biscuit with Macoun apples on the side. Also delicious -- the chicken skin was crispy, yet somehow melted in the mouth with salty, fatty goodnes, and he seemed to love the flavors in the apples -- they were very nicely spiced and complemented the dish very well. For dessert we shared the bacon doughnuts. They were delicious, but we both agreed that the pancake was better. We wanted to come back for dinner, but there were no more reservations. Have already secured another pair of Traif-lovers for a dinner in the near future though, so will DEFINITELY be back. This is my new favorite restaurant in Brooklyn, and perhaps in NYC.
This is a cute and quaint side of Brooklyn. I came here from California and my cousin had her birthday dinner here in New York. I was very impressed by ALL of their dishes. We ordered lots of dishes for the entire table to share. A few I remember off the top of my head are the pork rib sliders, the scallops, chicken wings, duck liver, and bacon doughnuts. The waitress was very friendly, which was refreshing since customer service doesn't seem to be of importance in some areas of New York. I would highly recommend Traif to anyone. Keep up the good work.
Some dishes were excellent , others were bland - surprised they could come from the same kitchen. The most annoying thing about the meal, was the sequence of what was delivered. Instead of sending out one of the 4 apps that could be shared, a large (call it an entree) plate was send to 4 hungry people, that was very difficult to share. Later the delicious tuna tartare arrived and was excellent and easy to all enjoy. The crawfish tempura had no flavor, and the quail was so coated in a thick batter and fried - destroyed the delicate taste of the bird. Waitress insisted portions were small, and we then ordered 8 items which was way too much. Bacon donuts could of had more bacon flavor. Wouldn't go back. Drinks were ok. Service was good.
One of my favorite restaurants since moving to Brooklyn. Had the duck confit, hamachi carpaccio, sliders, pork belly, and bacon donuts. Everything was excellent and interesting. The pork belly was good not great, could've used a little something extra. Favorite dish was the sliders and sweet potato fries.
After dining here, I am a huge fan.  The food and the service was amazing.  It is a true gem right smack in Brooklyn.  It's normally packed in the evenings so you either need reservation or plan to come in around 6:30 PM. My favorite were the pork belly, baby back ribs,  and the soft shell crabs.  We were too full that we skipped dessert, but the donuts did look delicious.   Please try this place - everyone here is nice and extremely attentive.  The servers explained all the dishes .... I will be back!
Loosely, traif can be known as something vile or dirty, unfit for eating. How perfect is it that the food at Traif makes me want to do dirty, dirty things. If I've ever made a better decision than having my birthday dinner at Traif, I don't know what it is. The actual birthday isn't even until tomorrow, but last night's dinner already MADE my birthday. From the get-go, Traif was incredibly open to a big group. I was looking at 10-14 friends and with less than a week's notice, the manager was awesome. For large groups, a $40 tasting menu is standard protocol. While I don't have the patience to delve into the meal plate by plate, it was amazing. There were ELEVEN savory courses, and three dessert dishes, all shared family style. I had the Rude Little Piggy and Persimmon Punch drinks and they were both delicious. Every bit of food was devoured, with, honestly, only a few complaints across the board. [The pork belly wasn't as fatty and tender as most of the table preferred; the scallop dish was a little sweet; the gingerbread pudding wasn't too ginger-y.] The service was fan-fucking-tastic, a genuinely warm and welcoming staff all around. With the open kitchen, I have major plans to return. Sit at the bar, drink, eat, and watch the magic in the kitchen? Count me in.
Stayed in Brooklyn on a fat girl binge and happened upon Traif! OMG, how lucky were we! Everything we ordered was delish! The short ribs were tender, the muenster cheese fondue was sinful, the pork belly was melt in your mouth, make you tremble, and the bacon donuts: grab yo mama and smack her good! I want to go back to get the same dishes plus more, but I think I need more friends so we can all share!
Great! Great! Great!  but remember to make reservations!!  I hadn't been since shortly after they opened over the summer and we almost didn't get in since we hadn't made reservations but then we ended up getting a seat at the bar after the hostess/manager ran after us down the street!  What a biscuit!  We owe you Irma!  ;) Everything on the menu is fantastic and reasonably priced!  Win-win.  Memorable moments: Pumpkin soup w/ banana, rice puffs and pork belly! and the duck and sweet potato entree!  YUM!  Do yourself a favor and go get Traifed!
Make a reservation! We went here on a Saturday night. SERVICE: (A+) Great! Everyone was really friendly. We did not have a reservation and called ahead but they told us when they will start having tables available. When we go there she took our name and suggested we have a drink next door. She took our phone number and called us when our table was ready.They even let us switch tables so we could sit out on the "patio". Everyone was attentive and we did not want for anything. FOOD: (A) This is a tapas style meal which was really great because I like tasting everything so you get a really great variety and it's a nice interaction with the table. Tomato Soup Shooter: They bring you this complimentary. It was a bit over salted. Escargot: This was very tasty, the sauce they use is good. I don't know if I would order again though. Buffalo Frog Legs: This was my first time eating frog, it's like a cross between chicken and a white fish. I was not a fan, but the rest of the table loved it! Duck Spaetzle: This was DELICIOUS. The textures were great and all the flavors came together so well - flavor explosion!!! Strawberry Ribs: These tasted like Chinese BBQ ribs but with better texture/fall off the bone. Pork Chop: This was incredible. I don't even like pork chops, but it was heavenly/perfectly cooked. WINNER. Scallops: I was excited to try these after reading some reviews but was disappointed. They were cooked perfect, nice portion, good texture, but over salted!! I would not order this again. Short Rib Sliders: OH MY GOD. If you like sweet BBQ sauce then you will love these. We all flipped over them. I would go back just to get this. Came with sweet potato fries which are always yummy. Crispy fried Quail w/ sweet squash: This was good, the quail was a bit chewy though, I don't know what happened there. The batter they used was just good, not great. The sweet squash though was heaven but doesn't justify ordering this again. Bacon Doughnuts w/ Coffee Ice Cream: These were so good. The bacon on top was crispy bits that gave them a nice crunch and the coffee ice cream was refreshing. Perfectly sweet and salty. Pineapple cleaner: They gave us a piece of pineapple at the end with some sort of pomegranate/basil syrup on it. At first I thought, "whatever", but they I put it in my mouth and whatever they soak it in packed a lot of flavor. Yum!! VALUE: We were there for 2.5 hours, table of 3 people, we each had 2-3 drinks; total was $240 (includes tip), but we over ordered!! We opted not to have the tasting menu ($45/pp) because we rather chose our own items off the menu - the tasting is just items that you can pick yourself. WILL I GO BACK? Yes, I like a menu that changes regularly and they have great service. Definitely get the Short Rib sliders!!
STOP READING, STOP STARING AT YOUR SCREEN & GO EAT! You will not regret anything. You will be addicted. You will think about Traif's food- when you're up, when you're about to sleep, when you wake up. I stopped by last night & I can not stop thinking about this place. Believe it, this spot is official. It is extremely delicious. I will bring everyone here. I mean everyone. They've gained a new regular :)
This place is decadent and offers a very unique dining experience. It's not someplace I'd be able to go on a regular basis, but definitely worth it for special occasions. Go with a group of friends and try as many dishes as possible because everything is fresh and delicious.
I started the weekend off with Traif because I was in the neighborhood returning all of my cousin stuff I borrow when I move out of his place a couple of weeks ago. I been hearing about this restaurant for awhile and it sound very interesting and bold. The chef is the owner who is Jewish but he cook things that isn't very kosher such as pigs. Anyway we were exicted to try someone new and we got in without making any reservation. The place was pack and we got lucky that they let us sit somewhere. We order 4 dishes(scallop, tuna, sweet beards, pork slider and of course the famous BACON DOUGHNUT) Most of the dishes were ok but really stand out to me. They uses alot of asian ingredients mostly because I believe the Chef use to work at Asian inspired places so I can see why he brought alot of similar tastes to this restaurant. Our waitress was alittle pushy because she keep coming by to pouring tons of wines in our glasses when we didn't even got a chance to drink it yet plus she keep coming by to see if we were done with our plates or not and she even mention we only order 4 dishes and 1 dessert. How many dishes should we order for 3 people?? 8 dishes?? lol PLEASE no wonder most of American are FATASS lol Anyway the experience was alittle disappointing and I wish the taste were more bold and in your faces. I don't think I am coming back here anytime soon but it is worth to try it once.
The food is served tapas style so you share it with your party. There were 4 of us and the waitress recommended 8 dishes, and it was just a little less than perfect, so we ended up ordering 2 more dishes, which ended up a little more than perfect.  The dishes range in size and price. I thought the food was very good for the price level. Nice atmosphere and the service was good.  My favorite dishes were Berkshire pork belly and the lightly fried frogs legs - it was tender and flavorful and it tasted much better than chicken.  I think if the prices were higher, I would have rated it 4 stars, but for the price, I am a fan.  There were a few bottles of nicely priced wines that were terrific and the cocktails were quite yummy. I would definitely return and recommend to friends. Here are a few minor dislikes - annoying but not a deal breaker: 1.  Making a reservation is a bit odd. You have to call (do not email) and they will have a reservation person call you back.  The process was relatively simple and reasonably quick, but a bit odd. 2.  We did feel a bit rushed, but it was a Friday night and I'm sure they wanted to turn the table.   3.  Also there is only one bathroom, and it's near the server's station, which means when you stand in line for the bathroom, you are going to be in someone's way.  It's a bit annoying when the Maitre D reprimands you that you are standing in the way of the servers.
Someone told me that Traif is Yiddish for "not kosher". Considering that bacon makes everything better, I'm definitely cool with that. The only complaint I've heard about this place is that "the flavors are too complex."  Which sounds like an amateur eater complaint to me. I have not had anything bad here, perhaps only "less than great." I would recommend the summer salads, the pork belly egg & bacon sliders, the bacon doughnuts with espresso gelato. The menu changes regularly but a lot of pride clearly goes into each dish. Final bonus: It has not been crowded a single time I've been there. Even Sunday brunch at 12. Score for those who hate to wait.
I trusted the reviews and was not disappointed. The bartender whipped up amazing cocktails and was charming on top of that. My roommate and I went for 4 dishes all unbelievable. I appreciated the kindness of the waitstaff and the cooks cooking right behind the bar. I could of sat and indulged all night.
I just realized I haven't written a review for Traif yet.  This place is my weakness! Seriously. Definitely a spot that I introduce local and out of town folks to all the time.  I really have no words for how spot on the food is here. I have friends who tell me about the dreams they have about eating at Traif. Yes, that damn good.
a group of us showed up on a Tuesday night and packed the place up. We decided to visit the location after the BK wine event and were already a bit tipsy. cozy place, nice to go on a first date or before a night out in the city. I didn't get to try the food, but had bacon donuts with coffee ice cream, they were really good, also bacon and tequila something that also was delicious. I liked it, with the right people you can make a night out of this place. We also got free shots on the house which made it better. Their theme is making new drinks or at least for my palate they are new and so far they seem to be doing good.
It's been roughly a year and a half since I ate here, so excuse any inaccuracies chalked up to misrecollection. What a hip little Williamsburg restaurant, complete with a cutesy visual identity: a small heart inscribed within a pig. I'd expect no less of Brooklyn. Two words: bacon doughnuts. I was skeptical, and then I became a believer. Sweet doughnuts sprinkled with savory bacon flakes. How could something that sounds so wrong taste so, so right? It just does. The pork belly was another menu highlight for me -- just the right amount of fat, and it all but melted in my mouth. Lord. Also a fan of the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs; Traif's chefs really subscribe to the sweet-savory / opposites-attract cooking paradigm. Why not put all your taste buds to work in one fell swoop? As others have mentioned, the plates are served tapa style, which can rack up quite a bill. I'd recommend three plates per person, but my entire party was comprised of petite Asian girls, so folks with larger appetites might want to scale accordingly.
Had brunch here with my boyfriend this weekend and we were blown away. He had the lobster egg plate--fantastic! I had the eggs in the nest plate--um, wow. Truffle cream?! Amazing! And you absolutely have to try the bacon doughnuts. LOVED them! There is a lovely garden area too, and the cocktails were just great. Can't wait to come back for dinner.
Traif is the perfect combination of culinary excellence and fun. My lady and I split the risotto, wings, bbq sliders and foie gras, with the dulce de leche and bacon doughnuts with ice cream for dessert. The wings were a bit mediocre in comparison to the rest of the meal. Everything else was perfectly executed -  amazing tender meat with a nice outer sear, inner bun toasting, delicately balanced mix of cheese and vegetables in the risotto. I'd also recommend their red pearl cocktail -  a spicy, peppery mojito. The small portions, likened by our waiter to tapas, were really fun to eat and to share. It all makes for very delightful dinner.
This is arguably the best food I have ever eaten anywhere and anytime. Every single component was executed perfectly, they play awesome alternative/pop/rock music and they have a gorgeously curated garden outback. I am so glad I found and tried this place. We were started off with complimentary amuse bouches - strawberry gazapacho. Very refreshing, and quite tasty. bacon-wrapped blue cheese-stuffed dates, spinach a la catalana: I've had versions of this elsewhere (most specifically Kafana - which was utterly terrible, do not get it there) but this was perfect. The plate came with four pieces, and every component went well with the other. I thought the spinach was delicious too. bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries: Two sliders, completely awesome. Super delicious pulled pork between crisp and fluffy buns, with sweet potato fries fried to perfection; crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Deep fried pork belly topped with pineapples, toasted almonds, and crumbled blue cheese and drizzled raspberry sauce: The fat in the pork belly simply melted in my mouth and I liked the different flavors/textures in the dressing. crispy berkshire pigs tails, honey, curry, peanuts: Omg this was like all the best parts of a pig. The crisp of bacon, the fat of pork belly and the meat of... a pig. It was uber crispy, and then coated with a sweet sauce, and right after you get past that the fat coats your palate. And then you get to gnaw the bony tail and try to nibble any remaining sinew you can. What an experience. baked muenster cheese with smoked chorizo and apples: ohhh maan bubbly cheese with chorizon buried in it. It went very well with the apple slices too. ANNNND the bacon donuts with dulce de leche glaze and coffee ice cream: SO good. I really liked how the coffee ice cream gave it a hint of BBQ smoke flavoring. Got a couple of drinks as well: Red Pearl, a-something (can't remember) spiked with mint, chili and I think lime juice, and Rude Little Pig, a tequila-based drink with a smokey taste and a bacon rimmed glass. Both drinks were pretty cool. Total bill came up to $72 before tip: I would definitely come back here again.
AH-mazing.  Absolutely fabulous! Extraordinary! We went here for a friend's birthday with a group of 9 of us.  They did a 'tasting' menu for us that was seriously unbelievable.  I was a little worried with such a meat centric menu (traif meaning dirty in yiddish also didn't help) but they made some amazing vegetarian and non-pork or shellfish options including stingy nettle pesto pasta, munster cheese with crostini, sweet potato fries, etc., etc. etc. And my 'dirty food' enjoying friends indulged in amazing scallops, strawberry pork ribs and bacon wrapped yumminess. Not to mention the desserts... oh the desserts! I can sometimes be a little hesitant about the tasting menu idea (everybody usually seems to leave hungry) but we were so full after this meal, we couldn't even finish. In addition, this place is somewhere you can send the whole day and night and the service is just beyond. A must try.  Must.  MUST!!!!
Excellent! Went here on a date and had no problem finding compromises. Everything was quick and and proper, with compliments from the chef.
I've been to Traif twice for brunch, both wonderful experiences. The menu is small, but you can find your choice of delectable sweet or savory entrées as well as a few stiff drinks. The first time I came here I thought I entered another dimension with how incredible the bacon doughnuts were. Everyone rants about them, and for good reason. It is a delicate dough, glazed with dulce de leche (which I had initially thought was maple glaze) and topped with crumbled bacon bits with a scoop of coffee ice cream on the side to wash it down. The combination is unlike any other. After the first bite I stared at my best friend sitting across the table from me with a dreamy, glazed look in my eye because I was melting from its unbelievable combo. I thought about these doughnuts non-stop for much longer than I'd like to admit. I also had the mimosa of the day, which was splendid, just the way I like it, with only a splash of OJ. My entrée was the chilaquiles (which I did not see on the menu the second time I visited, so this must mean some items come and go). I found these quite tasty and enjoyed their choice of mexican cotija cheese, the spicy green salsa and especially the nice crisp in the tortillas, which too often come soggy in this dish. My first experience was a home run, including service. The second time I went, everything was also irreproachable, I had round two of the bacon doughnuts and also the chicken and biscuits, which was exactly what I wanted. Both times my best friend had the egg and bacon belly sliders and those are delicious, but my favorite part of that dish is the sweet potato fries with chipotle mayo. HUGE FAN. My only complaints: if you order drinks, it can get a bit pricey since they're each about $9. Additionally, I ordered a Mexican Michelada the last time and thought it was too much like a bloody mary, please skip the soy sauce or whatever you put in it. My friend also commented on how the pork belly in her sliders was mostly fat the second time around and she ended up not eating one of the sliders.  I would still come here any day of the week, unless I got tired of the menu, which is small like I said. I would never not order the bacon doughnuts, that's just not right. I am looking forward to coming to check out their lunch/dinner menu since that is something I have not yet experienced. If you are looking for simple, clean flavors and pairings with a slightly new composition, this is the place to go. It's the definition of "new" American cuisine as far as I'm concerned.
To quote myself in 3rd grade: "This place is da bomb."  If I could grant Traif 6 stars, I certainly would do so. I liked this place very much even before arriving for dinner as they took customer service to new heights for me.  I called for a reservation same day and they said they didn't have any tables available but we could still walk in.  A few minutes later they called back (I did not leave my name or telephone number with them) and said they had a cancelation.  I was ecstatic.   The food was incredible.  The soft shell crab was fried deliciousness.  Tempura eggplant is an extra tasty way to deliver raw tuna.  The rock shrimp pasta was hearty and filled with pesto goodness.  The nutella mousse was fluffy and chocolaty awesomeness.  The quality of food that this place can put out from its tiny "kitchen" is astounding. Simply, Traif is one of my favorite restaurants in all of NYC.   I don't always go to Brooklyn, but when I do, I prefer to dine at Traif.
Traif makes me wish i lived in Brooklyn. seared foie, short rib slider, pork belly, bacon doughnuts... i can go on and on, but you should just go there, eat and you'll love it. Let me know if you didn't like something, because I haven't found that plate yet. Reservations help a lot as the wait list grows at the night goes on. If you're in the area early, they'll seat you if there's a table available.. or you can hang out at the bar first.
At the recommendation of a friend (who hailed it as the best restaurant in the neighborhood, and supposedly better than my favorite of many years) the bf and I popped into this place one Wednesday evening. At first glance, it was bustling (a good sign), but also loud, with somewhat cramped seating (both things which can be overlooked for exceptional food and drink). Good things about this place: the service was very good, especially good in light of how busy they were; and the food was not bad. Bad things about this place: the menu is a free-for-all, what amounts to a jumbled list of ingredients, many of them gratuitously on-trend (bacon donuts, anyone?), with no sense of cohesiveness.  It just feels like they are trying too hard. Additionally, the decor is just...bad? weird? I can't figure out how it came to be.  It looks like it is left over from a previous restaurant. Food: While the hamachi itself was delicious, the scattering of avocado and grapefruit didn't seem tied in.  The thai calamari was also fine, but anything slathered in that much sweet chili sauce is going to taste like...sweet chili sauce.  The broccoli rabe on truffle toast was also good, but not amazing- the textures did not stand up well together, nor was there a play of flavors.  Lastly, the scallops were cooked well but lacked seasoning, thus the pumpkin seeds and butternut squash puree just didn't balance well. Drink: My Starburst cocktail smelled like cleaning solution, and tasted the way cleaning solution smells.  Undrinkable.  At the end of the meal, the server did notice that I hadn't had more than a sip, and asked if he could bring me something else (good).  Since we were ready to leave, I declined, and was somewhat surprised to find it still there on the check (bad).  Most restaurants worth their salt will not only offer an alternative to food and drink that has been left wholly untouched, but they will remove it from the check as a courtesy.  Just saying. On the whole, I just don't see what the hype is about!
Went with my brother and his girlfriend, when the weather was cold. Every dish was delicious - scallops, asparagus, bacon-studded stuffs, bread, cocktails. Smallish on the inside, with a tiny, open but efficient kitchen.
Awesome.  Innovative fresh cuisine, unpretentious but smart, wise, truly delicious  use of ingredients.  Everything from the unusual cocktails (the mezcal Negroni was outstanding) to the pork chop, soft shell crabs, bacon-wrapped dates, burrata, and salty sweet shrimp was memorable, tasty, and Meg-Ryan-orgasm-inducing, although we kept it together.  So fun that the menu changes daily.  We will be back frequently!!
The place that makes the Haceedic question their faith... And yes, Traif is Hebrew for not kosher, and yes it is extremely appropriately named for this place in this locale. Traif is one of those places that should be a must visit for City foodies everywhere. The place is extremely well maintained and wonderfully decorated, full of staff that is friendly and hardworking (not that typical Williamsburg I hat my job wait staff) but not pushy, and has some serious religious issues with their menu... The plates are tapas style, which gives you tremendous leeway in eating many different nummy delectable dishes, and five minutes into reading the menu, you're gonna wanna. This is the time when that small group you came in with becomes clutch because you can consume more of the menu. Remember, you're not here to pinch pennies on cheap eats.... So let the cocktails come, and they are strong to boot!!! Got the Kentucky Apple, and felt pretty nice after that, but still went for more. Or get a bottle of something nice to enjoy, they have a very nice and extensive wine list. So what was had??? bacon-wrapped blue cheese-stuffed dates!!! Off the Hook crispy, braised pork belly = Delicious melty amazingness. strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs = Holy CR*P those are dome delicious ribs... almost spare rib like but sweet tangy and juicy. BBQ braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries = The Piece Du Resistance!!! SOOO incredible my absolute favorite, smoky / juicy and tender as anything ever. Other people had some other amazing dishes that I managed to somehow get my fork into as well. After it all, I thing this place can do no harm, like they took the hippocratic oath or something, but in a cultinary sense. Traif is most definitely deserving of a five star rating in every sense. They are on the money with food decor and service. Seriously doesn't get any better. O and by the way, if you can still pack it in by the time your orders are done BACON DOUGHNUTS!!!
I dragged the DH out to Traif for the bacon donuts -- c'mon!  It's fried dough!  With bacon! And dulce de leche! And ICE CREAM! -- expecting a good meal, but we definitely had something a little north of "good" in the Deliciousness Spectrum.   The braised porkbelly that might draw you out?  Overrated.  This course came out last and maybe it was an off night, maybe we were already drunk, but it was such a disappointment.  Now, I know you may not believe me when I say this, but I swear it's true: the porkbelly stuff was RUBBERY!  What the! However, the seared foie gras (don't judge!) with fingerlings, prosciutto (?), sunny side egg MADE.  OUR.  WEEK.  It was delicious, squared.  Eat this.  Now.   We also had a braised shortrib dish that rocked.   All in all:  Order 4 or 5 dishes (one of which should be the foie) for 2 diners, skip the cocktails (bleh) and end the night with the bacon fried donuts.  You will leave a changed (wo)man.
A vegetarian at a place famous for bacon donuts I knew brunch wasn't going to be easy.  Happy to say they have a lovely vegetarian option, the micheladas + a shot tequila.  Skip the food and get a 2nd one.
This place has the right idea. Great date spot. Also a great everyday spot. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Their food is phenomenal and bacon donuts? I insisted I could not eat another bite but when my date ordered them anyway, I inhaled them in 10 seconds flat. It's definitely a must try, but more importantly, a place I would definitely return to. For drinks, their "Rude Little Pig" is definitely worth a try. Happy eating!
Located in the grimier part of Williamsberg, this spot IS as good as it gets! I was actually surprised to see this type of restaurant in that part of town and even more surprised at how PACKED it was on a Tuesday night!! But that's an accurate sign of how truly amazing this place is. The menu is diverse with interesting food combinations that you would NEVER think of putting together and only hear off on Chopped (Food Network freak ova here!!). I swear to god, every dish that came our way was an explosion of flavor. We started off with the roast beets topped with mint and pomegranate (a new addition to the menu btw) followed by the baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, and crostini. WOAH! Your taste buds will jump for joy. Those plates were followed by seared scallops, butternut squash, huckleberries, pistachios, and sage which were followed by the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs. DOUBLE WOAH! I'm salivating thinking about last night's dinner. Oh and the cherry on the cake? The bacon doughnuts, dulche de leche and coffee ice cream. Divine! What a great combination. The bacon wasn't too overpowering. In fact it tasted like candy. The doughnuts did not taste fried at all and had a great texture to them. And of course, the coffee ice cream was a perfect compliment to all the other sweet/smoky/doughy flavors. Service: PHENOMENAL! Our server was sweet and the food was at the table in NO time. I don't think you have to ask me twice to get my butt over here again. I just can't wait.
We had been meaning to eat at Traif for a while. Every time I've passed by the place has be packed, however 7 on a Saturday was just right. We sat in the very intimate garden which seems to be the only thing leftover from the previous tenants, "A'shay". The service was attentive and upbeat, the beer and wine list had enough of a selection to keep me happy, and the buffalo mozzarella amuse-bouche was an unexpected treat. My girlfriend and I had already looked at the menu online and had a pretty good idea what we would order, though the menu does seem to change slightly each day and a few plates had been switched up. We ordered 5 and I can honestly say each one was freaking awesome, a description I would rarely use when describing fine dining, but with the amount bacon and duck fat involved, it truly was. The tuna tar tar itself is worth the trip, and the foie and fingerlings was a perfect final dish. We went with the bacon doughnuts, and while they were delicious, it was the only time I questioned the necessity of the bacon on the dish. I really tried to find something about this place to warrant a less than perfect review and take them down a peg, but the truth is I cant. They really have something special here. If the reviews don't prove it, the wait outside on South 4th, next the bridge entrance should.
This is my roommates favorite place to eat. She like freaks out about how awesome it is when someone even mentions it. I went with her for her bday. I tried a whole bunch of things. Most were incredibly delicious. However, everything was heavy, opulent and overworked. Its like they had to pack every square inch of the food with as much flavor as possible. I happen to like my food simple and natural so really this just isnt my style. Its a great place to check out but I wouldn't go back unless its my roommate's bday :)
I was surprised how bustling this place was on a random weeknight. We sat at the bar because the wait for a table was longer. After placing our food order, it took us a while to flag the bartender down for our drink order. There was a lcd screen playing Iron Chef on the wall in front of us (random) and I liked the open kitchen to our left. I'd also like to note that it is HOT inside. Don't recommend wearing anything too warm. The menu is long and intimidating. Not that easy to read in the lighting. I ate: - strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs. finger licking good. - bbq, braised rib sliders with sweet potato fries. ok, we overordered. i barely had room for this. - the brussel sprouts with toasted rice was great. - tuna tartare. i think. it was good. - bacon doughnuts. they come with a plate of 4, with dulce de leche, and coffee ice cream. the doughnuts are yeast, very light, and fluffy. hard to not have room for something so light. Since their menu changes daily, I can't remember what else I ate. Overall it was a hearty meal. Affordably priced. Worth future visits.
So this place here was getting 5 stars regardless , just due to the fact that they have the best customer service EVER!  but anywho lets get down to the menu. my group ordered this to share: Strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs (not amazing but they were decent) Sliders ribs with sweet potato fries (tasted great!) salt and pepper shrimp with sweet potatoes (LOVED IT) For Desert, we loved the custard with strawberry n tangerine  and bacon donuts.. We werent really a fan of this bacon sundae thingy they had though. And i didnt really like the cofee icecream. Nevertheless it was a great experience . I'll be back *terminator voice*
I eat vegetarian except on special occasions, and only when someone else is cooking. I'm typically grossed out by things like pieces of animal fat, meat on bones, etc. But tonight was the night where none of that mattered-- the flavors and textures completely overruled any thought of animal carcasses, which would normally prevent my consumption of the meal. It was absolutely delicious. And inexpensive! The cheapest bottle of white wine was really tasty-- with that and 5 dishes off their menu, the check was under $70, to be split between two of us. The music was pleasant--a pandora radio station based on clap your hands say yeah, i suspect. My only reason for 4 stars not 5 was the decor-- it had a kind of sushi vibe to it-- the plates, the bar. But holy moley was the food good. I want to go back and try 5 more things asap.
best tasting menu ever for $40/pp and min of 4 to participate (entire table). they were great about letting two excited people try the tasting menu regardless of the requirements! while the menu items can sound heavy, the food doesn't feel super heavy and not at all greasy. it feels like a cooler version of gramercy tavern. the very best sweetbreads (better than gramercy, i hate to admit) and chicken liver i've ever had. and some really well prepared other things but those two dishes blew me out of the water for their unexpected tastyness. obviously the pork belly was good so turning me into a huge believer from surprise dishes was total delight and amazement. GREAT service as well - my water was never empty and the vibe is casual for such impressive and thoughtful food.
I love the name. Isn't it ironic? The restaurant was pretty good overall for food and service. All the dishes were brought out to share. For everything that we ordered, the bill was pretty cheap. The main downside is that the walk from the subway to this restaurant is pretty sketchy, especially at night. Food: Beet salad - good but nothing special Scallops - average and a bit overcooked Chicken liver with toast - this one sounds a lot better than it tastes. It was basically three pieces of oven-baked white toast with a small cup of liver pate. Strawberry glazed ribs - finger lickin' good   Braised pork sliders - I wasn't a fan but then again I'm not really into pork Broccoli rabe with toast - good overall Risotto with mushrooms - amazing Foie gras with some other stuff around it - foie gras was the best thing Bacon doughnuts - good but way overhyped Key lime pie - good but nothing special Panna cotta - this is definitely the best one of all the desserts we tried. It was so flavorful and creamy.
A group of 8 of us went on a Thursday night in May at about 6:30pm & had the Chef's Tasting.  14 delicious dishes all prepared & brought to beautiful fruition.  Faves were indeed the bacon wrapped dates, pulled pork sliders, fried soft shell crabs, & of course the bacon doughnuts served w/ coffee ice cream.  All for just about $55 each including cocktails.  A few of us weren't too keen on the drinks but all was well w/ the food.  Our happy tummies were Traifed.   There is also a garden in the back to sit for smaller parties & will definitely come back again!  Perfect for a large group of 10 or an intimate date of 2.
3 for food only; 3.5 for great service. We went to Traif because my husband saw a yelper (whom he thought was very pretty lol) praising it as a MUST TRY. First tip: Do make reservation before you go. We did and by the time we were seated, the whole place was already full! The restaurant itself is pretty small, though I like the decor especially the table! They serve small plates and we shared all of the dishes. The portion was pretty good given the price range. Anyways, we ordered the following: 1. duck confit lettuce wraps, OK 2. Autumn salad, won't order again 3. bigeye tuna tartare, OK 4. thai spicy-sweet chili glazed calamari, OK 5. chicken biscuits (entree), BEST BEST BEST, MUST ORDER!! We also ordered a prawn dish but I couldn't find its name on the menu. The chicken biscuit was sooooooooooooo yum!!!!! It was fried chicken with some sweet sauce and potato cake underneath. Come to think about it, all our dishes except for the salad have the Asian-fusion theme. I wonder why they're under the American(New) category?! Oh, my friends had the Spritz (I was smart not to order, HAHA) and they didn't really like it. It was kind of bitter, not sure if it was the lemon or the alcohol? Although I wasn't especially impressed by the food, the service was decent. The server was very polite and attentive....we were told that our table was good until 8pm but they didn't rush us at all. I think that's very nice as some restaurants would just put the check on your table and expect you to leave immediately. I don't live in NY so I probably won't go back again. If you are in the area and not sure where to go, Traif is a good pick!
Best restaurant in Williamsburg - if not, New York! So damn tasty, how do they get such combinations and favors in their food?!? Anything pig related is phenomenal. The naughty little pig (or dirty little pig?) cocktail is amazing! The pork belly, stuffed dates and sliders are my favs!
DELICIOUS. This place is not overhyped. It really is amazing. You must do the tasting menu -- every bite makes you want to melt! The bacon doughnuts... well, we even went as far to order some to go, which they totally accommodated for us. AMAZING.
This place has amazing food for very New York reasonable prices. I wanted to say that I love yelp but some of the reviews don't make sense considering that the opinions are supposed to be about the food not the lighting or some other stupid bs. The food from beginning to end was exceptional. Plan to order roughly two plates per person and plan to share as that is an essential component to the restaurant's theme. The combination of flavors was unlike anything I had ever tasted and was a welcome change to the normal weekend night out of food and drinks. The standouts were definitely the strawberry ribs, the crispy pork belly which was crispy on the outside and super tender on the inside, the bacon wrapped dates were exceptional and the seasonal salad was out of this world with the right balance of sweet and sour. The place is small and fairly decorated but again who cares if the food is good that's why food trucks are doing so well because it really is all about the food. PS our server was really nice and the beer selection was good. For people familiar with the area this was an unbelievable bad neighborhood back in the day but it seems to have dramatically changed in recent years. Roll!
Place was great, I went here with a female friend for dinner about a few weeks ago, recommended highly by yelp and this site did not steer me wrong. It was like dining at a fancy restaurant, they brought out the amuse bouche before bringing out our orders and even a small dessert at the end. I think I ordered 4 dishes great dishes, and it was around $50. Ambiance was great, a little small, but the big tastes packed in the meal made up for it, definitely.
Difficult to get a table on the weekend at a normal hour without a reservation. But great selection of small plates. Come with a few people to be able to order more dishes, or come with a big appetite and ready to eat like a heifer. I haven't been disappointment by a single dish at Traif and be sure to leave room for the bacon donuts for dessert (or puke and rally.... your choice)
This place is a hit or miss. I had friends who loved it and others who were super confused as to why there's so much hype around this place. To be honest I can see why. I had the soft shell crab for bunch. Wasn't impressed. The bf had the smoked salmon salad and it was banginnnn. So basically I think it's all coming down to what you get.
One of the best meals in 2011. The tempura eggplant topped with spicy tuna appetizer and drizzled balsamic was insanely delicious as was the duck confit, the best I've ever had. As other reviewers have noted, get the pillowy soft and oh so delicious donuts. In terms of portion size, I couldn't tell they were "small plates" since I think of the portion size at Casa Mono and these were noticeably larger. The value really cannot be beat. I can't watt to go back!
The only reason I'm giving this place four stars was because the waitress wasn't all too friendly. I just wanted to start off buy saying that because i'm about to go into one of those "OMG THE FOOD HERE IS HEAVENLY" frenzies. I really do adore this concept of collective food. It's easy to understand it and gives people a wide variety of things to put in their stomach which I am all for. We had the panini, sliders, strawberry BBQ ribs (which seem to be a staple), crab cakes, and my friend decided to go for the gold and get the bone marrow.  Holy crap my favorite were the sliders. It's like brushing your teeth with meat, it was absolutely fantastic. Afterwards we decided to go for the bacon donuts and the nutella moose. I don't eat bacon but my friends sure seemed to love them! And the nutella moose, although something  you could probably get anywhere was pretty good too. I live in South Brooklyn so getting to Williamsburg is a bitch, but I'd do it time and time again for Traif. I do adore meat comas.
Did a late night snack here so i cant give a full full review  but i must say  the Sliders are some of best i had  i can already tell i will be giving this place 5 stars when i come back    the bacon donuts were sick   you can see everything they do   and u can tell they care   they move very very fast too    if the owners are reading  you need to give those guys a raise  whoever was working last night    esp the dude working the prep.
I don't find myself in Brooklyn too often for food but this place is worth a trek from Jersey.  The restaurant looks very unseeming and it's a small space.  I didn't have a reservation but it was a weeknight on the later side so they were able to accomodate us.  I was seated in the back where they have an outdoor space that was covered in plastic becuase it was cold out.  There were a few space heaters to keep us warm but it definately wasn't warm enough unless you were sitting right next to one.  I was with two other people so we ordered a whole bunch of plates to share.  One dish after another, you keep thinking it can't get any better, but it does. I think we ordered like 12 plates total (we ate a lot) but the most memorable were the pork ribs, salt and pepper shrimp, seared scallops with pea risotto, pork belly sliders and ....goat neck.  I was apprehensive about ordering it because it sounded strange but it was delightfully tender and the portion was large. We ended with the bacon doughnuts.  I would have liked a bit stronger bacon flavor, but it was a still a good ending.  I'm definately a fan of this restaurant and have recommended it to multiple people.
One of my absolute favorite restaurants in New York. The food is amazing. The menu is so inventive, each dish combining unique flavors that I would never have expected to go together. I have never had a bad experience dining here.. The Red Pearl cocktail is really really reallly good (if you like your drinks a little spicy). The bacon donuts are just.. WOW. Last time I went, we ordered four orders (for four people). For those in Manhattan, I would make the trip to Brooklyn because it is just so so worth it.
I'm pretty much obsessed with this place. My BF and I go there when we want to be baaaad- the food is so rich and delicious affordable. They let you bring wine and have only a $10 corkage which is AMAZING. Favorites: dates, bigeye tuna, sliders, broc rabe. Just go ahead and order multiples of the tuna. Seriously. Only probs I can see is that the bar has no legroom and it was hot as hell in there last time we were there. Otherwise, AMAZING.
The food was delicious and the decor was definitely memorable. It's a bit on the pricey end but this is definitely a neighborhood gem.
Had a solo brunch here by myself (pun intended.  Star Wars references are so hip in Brooklyn). Had the pork belly sliders which I had hoped would be more succulent (read: oozing with amazing fat), but the cuts were lean and actually quite dry.  Sometimes fat is good.  (They give you something to hold on to, if you know what I mean, and I am sure you do because we both like the same cliche punchlines.) The sweet potato fries were crispy and beautifully salted.  The paprika aioli was a nice touch. Had the coffee and doughnuts for dessert.  These were phenomenal, as everyone states.  Fluffy and warm, richly smothered in golden dulce de leche and bespecked with tiny bits of bacon.  Beauty.  Coffee ice cream was light and nice.  I loved this.  Made sure I sopped up every bit of excess dulce with my fingers.  Worth it. 3 happy stars alone for the doughnuts.  Meh stars on the brunch entree. Sometime, I need to check out their dinner when I make some friends who can eat pork and a lot of it.
A real nice feel in regards to atmosphere. Great date spot. Look to spend about $90 for a dinner for two (pre tip). The food is unbelievable.  Unless ofcourse you can't eat pork or shellfish then you're probably screwed as almost everything  is in bacon grease somehow for added flavor and even for texture. I would recommend this place to almost anyone.
Originally I thought this place was just a trendy gimmick. I was wrong. Each of our ten (10)  dishes was distinctive, delicious, and original. The staff were very friendly - from the hostess to the bartender to the waiters. One negative - the place is small and quite loud.
First time at Traif, food was amazing! My favorite was the seared scallop, the Duroc pork belly with lentils was really good too. The ambiance was amazing and a very professional staff.
YUM. Nerd alert: Sometimes, when I am looking for a new place to go in a specific neighborhood and I want insurance that it will be good, I search through Peter D.'s reviews. Now I'm blushing, but at least I'm honest. So, seeing how it's his favorite restaurant it seemed like a no brainer. And really, it is a no brainer. Just go. Our group of 4 arrived as it was opening at 6 on a Saturday, so we got a table in the back (beautiful area!) Another no brainer: we got the chef's selection. Oh my god, so much food. I don't know if I can remember all that we had, but I sure will try: Short rib sliders: Holy crap. I think this was my favorite of the bunch. So much flavor, so well executed. Just perfection. I could give a breakdown of everything else, but it would just make me sound like a broken record, saying "delicious" over and over: spinach salad, chicken liver, sweetbreads (a first for me, and wow it was good!), strawberry glazed ribs, softshell crabs, and I *think* duck confit. I think we had 1 or 2 other courses in there somewhere but it was so much food I might have just been eating without thinking about what it was (I call this "no brainer" syndrome - eat without questioning). Service was exceptionally considerate, as they first ask if anyone has any food allergies or aversions. One of our friends has a difficult time with creams, so they gave him a different dessert. I think we ended up with some key lime pie and panna cotta, though at this point I think the sweetbreads and wine had soaked into my brain and I was no longer aware of what I was eating. But I will be dreaming of sweetbreads for days to come.
Am I missing something here?  4.5 stars for this place?  It's solid, but not amazing.   Okay... so the menu is very interesting.  It's a very innovative blend of flavors, but just not really my steam.  So the cocktails... a bit too much on the savory side for me, like everything had bitters and/or vermouth.  I'm a fruity, sweet cocktail lover.  I ended up getting the Rude Little Pig.  Meh, it was alright.  I couldn't bring myself to lick the bacon crusted rim.  It was just too weird.   So the food... everything is small plates, meant for sharing.  I had a pretty hard time picking because nothing jumped out at me.  I had the Butterfish Carpaccio.  It was tasty, but didn't blow my mind or anything.  It was light and the fish was a nice texture.  I also had the Salt and Pepper Shrimp -- this was quite spicy and the sweet pineapple blended with the spicy sauce was delicious.  This was perhaps my favorite of all the entrees I had.  I also had the Black Truffle & Crab Pasta.  Umm... there was no crab in my dish, like none whatsoever.  I was perplexed.  Also the truffle was very understated, I grilled the waitress beforehand because I've had a few unpleasant eating experienced caused by overpowering truffle oil.  I barely tasted the truffles in this entree and again, the crab was missing, so it really only tasted like plain pasta.  My friend had the Strawberry Glazed Ribs and I also had a taste.  It was an interesting flavor.  I found the cinnamon to be a bit on the strong side, and didn't blend well with the other flavors.  The ribs also could have been more tender than they were.  We skipped dessert. The service was good.  The waitress was friendly and very helpful in providing recommendations to my friend who had a few dietary restrictions.  The restaurant was small and dark.  It was also poorly ventilated -- I definitely smelled like food upon exit and this is a major pet peeve. Overall, the entrees were innovative, but they fell flat, all things considered.  I won't be running back.
Small venue so make sure to make a reservation. Menu is like tapas style, nothings distinguished as an apps or entrees so you can share everything. Had the dates stuffed with blue cheese wrapped in bacon, sauteed veal sweetbreads, short rib sliders with sweet potato fries, & strawberry cinnamon baby back ribs. Everything we (2 people) ordered was awesome but the waitress recommended 4-5 choices and we found even 4 to be a lot. Service was good, I'd love to go back and try the rest of the menu.
Really creative food; small portions and thus the bill can add up, but every dish that we had there has been excellent.  No longer serving brunch, which used to be the best decadent brunch in the city.  As a dinner restaurant I'd say it's very tasty, but unfortunately not very healthy; so, good to try out for sure, but I wouldn't go there too often ;-)
I was in NYC for a few nights and visited one of my good friends from college who lived in Brooklyn for dinner. She was a big foodie in college so I knew she would enjoy a good meal. I yelped around Brooklyn for a reasonably priced restaurant and Traif was the number one pick. As coincidence would have it my friend 1. literally lived right behind it 2. never had been before. We were too busy catching up that it literally took us 20 minutes to finally look at the menu. Of course everything looked so good on the menu that it took us even longer to decide on something, but we finally decided to get 2 appetizers and 2 main dishes. The  waitress liked to refer to them as small dishes and larger dishes rather than appetizers and entrees... We decided on a salad and a eggplant tempura topped with a spicy big eye tuna taretare as our "small" dish and a bellflower pasta with sausage and peppers and mushroom risotto for our "larger" dishes. The eggplant tempura was a winner. The tempura wasn't oily and the fresh spicy tuna added a great kick to the eggplant. I ordered the mushroom risotto. Although some may have loved the dish, it was definitely not my favorite. The risotto was cooked perfectly but the mushroom sauce was overpowering and was just too much for me. After having a bite of my friends bellflower pasta dish, I instantly wished I had ordered hers. Although simple, the flavor was there and it was a nice final dish to the meal. She couldn't finish hers so I ended up picking at it. Although the place was very busy, our server didn't rush us and gave us just the right amount of attention throughout the meal. I would definitely come back to check out some of their other dishes, in particular their meat dishes.
This is one of the most delicious restaurants EVER! I've been here many times and don't have a single complaint. Make reservations (they are very busy). The service is wonderful; everyone is sweet & knowledgable. The food is unique and will make your taste buds jump for joy! Some of my favs here are: BBQ braised pulled pork sliders w/ sweet potato fries Salt & pepper shrimp Spicy bigeye tuna tartare w/ tempura eggplant Lamb & chorizo meatballs Melted muenster cheese Bacon donuts!!! (I was skeptical about these at first. But after one bite, it was love) Their menu changes sometimes. My brother told me he tried some really yummy bone marrow dish here, but it was never on the menu when I went. I hope I get to try it! I also had my birthday dinner here once. It was about 14 people and we had a pre-fixed dinner (chefs selection). Food is delish & prices are really reasonable so this spot is great for any occasion!
SOOOOOOOOO good!!!!!! On a cold winter night, where we tried at least three restaurants and couldn't get a table, we eventually ended up at Traiff, which my fiance always wanted to try. So thankful that we did, for the food, service and ambiance was amazing. The hit it right on the head with their amazing menu. Small portions of items bursting with flavor and authenticity. Their chicken liver patte was amazing, and all entree's where great. Drinks were also very good, and the service was amazing. We sat at the bar and were treated very nicely by the bartender and hostess. Love this place. can't say enough. The location is good since its a little further down from all the crowd, the decor and size of the place is even better. FIVE stars for their service, food and drinks.
Great experience with hearty portions for very fair prices. The baby back ribs were a religious experience. Might have gained ten pounds in my visit, but well worth and ill def be back in the future.
I would have given 5 stars but most of the dishes were overly salted.  Guess the chef had a heavy hand with the salt that night.  Came on a Saturday night at around 9, no reservation, no wait, HOW GREAT! Foie Gras with sour cherries: melt in your mouth goodness, wish it came with more toast though... Fried Frog Legs with Asparagus: lackluster but fresh.  Not many restaurants serve frogs legs so this was a pleasant surprise. Duck Confit with Israeli cous-cous: Too salty for my taste, skin was not crispy enough. Expected an explosion of flavors but was disappointed. Scallops with Corn Risotto: Scallops were so fresh, it melts in your mouth, paired with the corn risotto gave it just the right amount of sweetness.  I just wish it was a little less salty. Bacon Doughnuts with Dulce Le Leche and Coffee Ice Cream:  OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! This is a must have!!!!! I would come back just for this.
Crazy variety of foods I probably would never have the opportunity to eat if not for Traif.  I definitely would only come here with four or more people.  The food is rich and the drinks are strong.   I ordered the sweet breads not realizing what they were. Don't look it up if you're not an adventurous eater.  Actually, this place is ideal for those who have an exploratory palate.
First time at this restaurant and it was better than any of us expected!  The four of us got the tasting menu for $40 each -- a really good way to sample about 10 or so dishes.  The service was excellent - waitress was very friendly, knowledgable  and regardless of how busy the restaurant was she was attentive and patient.  Ambiance and vibe was very cool too.  Great for small groups or couples.  Trendy but not pretentious.   Highlights of the tasting menu: Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs,  Spicy bigeye tuna on tempura japanese eggplant, Crispy pork belly,   Seared foie gras, fingerlings,  fried egg, butter maple syrup sauce. And the absolute highlight: Seared scallops with pea risotto Perfectly seared and not overcooked -- so hard to do so perfectly!   And the pea risotto was unbelievably good.   Rich and slightly sweet from the peas with little drops of balsamic vinegar to perfectly balance the dish. HIghly recommend this restaurant!
Ate there Friday nite had a reservation and still had to wait 20 minutes for our table.four doors down at their sister restaurant .once seated our server Allison was amazing and made up for the previous inconvenience. Food is excellent. We ordered the sliders, kale,skate and clam chowder topped off with bacon doughnuts. Culinary treat
2 of us sat at the bar.  It was fun to watch then cook in front of us and everything was delicious. Our favorite dish was probably the strawberry cinnamon short ribs. There is still more I want to try here! They gave us a lot of tasty free bonuses - they explained the dishes well -  great service experience overall.
Imagine a delicious, well-balanced, beautifully-plated 10 course tasting menu for $40 in New York. Sounds WAY too good to be true right?  Well, my friends, it is real. And it exists at Traif. My party of 4 opted for the chefs tasting option priced at $40/person. Our lovely waitress told us it would come to be about 8-9 shared plates between the four of us. Reasonable enough, except that I found myself stuffed to the brim after plate 5. Then plate 6, 7, 8, 9 came out and I was in way over my head. And THEN two desserts came out and my friend and I both groaned with desire and anguish. No stomach space...but so much food ...and so delicious...#nothingtocomplainabout Our entire meal only came out to $80-90 a person which is a complete steal considering we each ordered around 3 really nicely balanced cocktails and ate the equivalent of 3 meals in one sitting. Notable dishes of the night were the beet salad, soft shell crabs over biscuits, and corned beef hash over to-die-for polenta. I've also found yet another drink to add to my "I could drink this all day all night" list: the Red Pearl . Chili infused vodka + kiwi + citrus. Amazing. There were actually a couple dishes I didn't love - the glazed ribs and rib sliders, which was really unfortunate because I think the only problem was that the chef had just gotten too heavy handed with the sugar on those marinades. Despite a couple bad eggs, the rest of the menu is filled with stellar plates and I'm always dying to come back to try the new dishes on the perpetually changing menu.   Even if you don't live in Williamsburg, Traif is definitely still worth the visit.
After an awesome day at the botanical garden my GF and I decided to hit up Traif... We really enjoyed the decor and vibe of the place.  Everyone was pretty friendly and we really liked the fact that it was an open kitchen!  I always enjoy getting to see all of the action... We decided to order a bunch of things off of the small plate menu... The Shishito peppers with honey dew, feta, mint and marcona almonds was awesome! The Duroc pork belly with peaches sounded amazing on paper but fell kind of short in flavor...It was bland...Very bland...I feel like they did not season any part of this dish on the pick up...It obviously needed salt and definitely needed acid... The strawberry and cinnamon baby back ribs were just OK in my book...They were coyingly sweet and needed salt again...Not just in the glaze but maybe some sea salt sprinkled on top for some added depth and texture...The glaze also could have benefitted from some acid...Cider vinegar, lemon juice? The chicken liver was very tasty but I feel that they did not give enough toast to spread it on... The muenster cheese and chorizo was basically nothing more than melted muenster cheese and chorizo...I used to microwave muenster cheese and salami in a bowl when i was like 9 years old and eat it as a snack after school...It reminded me of that...Super oily...And rather bland, again...I was actually hoping it would be real alsatian muenster cheese but I was not lucky enough...Again they did not give us enough of the toast to dip it in...I do not understand why they give so little of the side garnishes...This was for 2 people...If you are giving me a dish that is meant for dipping or spreading, give me more of the stuff I can dip it in please... The foie gras, fingerlings and egg with maple syrup and hot sauce was the most interesting item on the menu for me...I am always intrigued by how a place prepares foie...This one fell kind of short in my book...The foie itself was cooked perfectly but was not seasoned at all.  The potatoes were not seasoned and did not have enough of a sear on them...The egg was fine...What really upset me was the amount of oil that was on the plate...At least let the foie rest for 2 minutes before putting it on the plate...This dish could have also used some sort of veg or salad or fruit to cut the richness... The butterfish carpaccio was nice...It was actually seasoned and had some acidity and complexity to it... For dessert we got the bacon doughnuts and key lime pie...We enjoyed both of these very, very much! Overall I feel like most dishes we had were 1 or 2 components off from being great dishes...They just fell a little short on some of their execution...Seasoning being the biggest...
Food was good, at best, however, service brought it down. Bacon donuts are AMAZING!!!  Everything else needs improvement. Scallops came with nuts on them, which it stated on the menu but failed to notice and one of us has a nut allergy.  We apologized for having missed the fact that there were nuts listed but we could not eat them and were immediately scolded by some grease ball with a ponytail for not telling our server.  Then, we were scolded by our server after we apologized to her for OUR mistake in not noticing.  Now, this has happened a couple of times here or there, our fault, their fault, whatever but when it has been our error, we ALWAYS add the cost of the dish to the tip.  Now, when we got the new order, they were completely under-cooked...still translucent in the center.  Didn't bother to say anything so just took them home knowing we could finish cooking them here. Can't deal with the whole, this is Brooklyn, bitch, and I can barely breathe because my Comme des Garcon skinny jeans are, seriously, WAY too tight because they were on sale at Barneys, didn't have my exact size so had to buy a whole size down and I've only had a rice cake and half a pack of cigarettes ALL day....go f*ck yourself. Never returning...
I'm not even sure where to begin! Co-owner Heather was just the sweetest thing there could be, she helped me with some extra special touches on my boyfriend's birthday dinner and gave us pleasant conversation throughout our meal. We had: The yellowtail with meyer lemon, the strawberry ribs, the lamb meatballs, an amazing pasta dish that I cannot remember the name of, and the Anglianico red wine. If I could eat that yellowtail dish forever until I die I would be happy. Ribs were the bf's favorite dish. The space has a great feel, the people are lovely, and the food is like heaven. Please patronize them and support local restaurateurs!
Order anything, love everything. A refreshing Brooklyn restaurant without the Brooklyn/hipster/snob service. It really was that good I don't have much to say. So quite simply...GO That is all.
The creativity, quality and preparation of the food at Traif was excellent! The amount of different ingredients and dishes that you can try are awesome! I dont know how they put out these great dishes with a lot of ingredients in the small open kitchen. Pretty intense line cooking going on at Traif. These guys and i saw one gal are outstanding! We had the BBQ short rib sliders, salt and pepper shrimp, straw/cinn glazed ribs, foie gras and the soft shell crabs. Everything was delicious and cooked perfectly. A complimentary gazpacho and a small piece of watermelon to begin and end the meal were a nice touch. The staff were all very friendly and did a nice job. My only complaint would be that the room was a bit warm for me but I'm always hot. Others including my wife were not hot so i guess it was just a bit too warm for me. I like places cold but i know its hard to achieve in a small place with an open kitchen. I cant wait to go back and try some more. Loved it!
How does one even begin to describe a place like Traif. It's not so much a hidden gem, but a gem in its own respect in that it offers some of the most creative food in Williamsburg. It's a small and unseeming place for a large get together at first glance, but the interior is amazingly cozy as they sport one of those rare New York pseudo gardens. Moving on to the food, I was never one big on sharing and tapas style cuisine since I never find it filling. At Traif it makes total sense since you want to try EVERYTHING on their menu. As a pretty conservative eater, I tend to stick to safe food items that know a restaurant can't get wrong: chicken, salads, etc...but was blown away by the inventiveness of every dish and how well it was crafted. You'll be sitting there in amazement forcing your friends to try whatever you just had. Bacon donuts have to be on the top of my list. I was never a big fan of pancakes, but they execute it so well here, I don't know how else a place could sell a $15 stack of flour and buttermilk. At the end of the day, the food does come out to be a little pricey and not as filling, but I prefer to think of it more as a tasting experience than a place to gorge yourself, like Vanessa's Dumplings.   Advice: Bring a group of 4-5 and try everything on the menu.
I came to dinner here after work right as the doors opened.  Traif is a wonderful little restaurant tucked away a nice distance from the main drag.  They have a large bar area near the front and a beautiful backyard garden with a few benches.  As I waited for the gf to arrive, I had a gander at their cocktail list and a nice but small selection of  drinks were offered.  I had the rude little pig and the red pearl.  The red pear was definitely my favorite with the spicy vodka, combined with that kiwi made for a great contrast in flavors.  I was honestly a little disappointed about the rude little big since I was really hoping for more bacon to shine through. Once we were seated, we were treated to an amuse bouche of asparagus soup.  Creamy, buttery, aspargusy?  I enjoyed it but the girl did not.  Our first entree to come out was the tuna and tempura followed by the pork belly.  What I didn't like about the tuna/tempura combo was the fact that the tuna did not highlight the dish at all.  All I could taste was the salty fried tempura.  The pork belly on the other hand was awesome.  Combined with the fresh fruit, salty pork, that perfect play on sweet and savory.  After completing our first two tapas, we had our roast pork sliders and duck confit.   The roast pork sliders were fantastic, nicely buttered rolls, awesome sweet potato fries, and who doesn't love siracha mayo?  The duck confit was a nice leg piece rather than the breast (huge plus) and boy did t hey cook that skin up perfectly.  It was however a little less thrilling in flavor than I wanted it to be.  Still hungry from our first four, we ordered chicken and biscuits and for desert we had the bacon doughnuts.  The chicken was nicely fried although I wish it was crunchier.  The gravy with the green apples made for an awesome pairing that definitely changed the entire flavor profile of the gravy.  The bacon doughnuts sounded amazing on paper but fell flat in my mind.  Rather than dulce de leche, I think a maple frosting would have been more appropriate and would have gone well with their coffee ice cream. All in, the service was great.  Dishes came from the kitchen very quickly as soon as we finished each plate.  The service was on point, and the food had its ups and downs (although they weren't horrible).  Also for a restaurant named Traif, I would have expected more PORK!  I'd come back here again and would really rate this place as a 3.5 star kind of place.  It is however quite expensive for Brooklyn.  Our bill with tip was $137
Very cool bar scene with incredible flavor combinations. This is really one of the places you have to taste and see to get an idea of it. There are very few times I've come to a place and been wowed by every meal. The courses are tapas-like in that they are small portions and really meant to be shared with people. The wait staff is incredibly friendly and the bar tender knew his alcohols. My meal experience went as such. We ordered our food and were treated to complementary watermelon and tomato gazpacho. First course were the strawberry cinnamon braised pork ribs and the BBQ sliders with sweet potato fries. Next the bartender treated us to sample shots of an old alcohol that reminded me of absinthe and prepared a custom drink, Nicoloshka. Then seafood soup with crackers. Then the maple bacon donuts for dessert. And the complimentary fruit dish of fresh pineapple, herbs, and pomegranate reduction. Oh yeah, it was on... it was on like Donkey Kong.
Oh, Traif.  In addition to epitomizing the nasty hipster trait of reducing other peoples' culture to snark--I mean, who else would open a restaurant in what used to be an orthodox neighborhood and name it traif?--I had a pretty lousy meal here.  Because I'm the only person in my family who doesn't eat pork, I got screwed out of three courses on the tasting menu without any subsitutions being offered.  When I mentioned this to the waitress, she dumped a final course at my place after everyone else was done eating, as though I was supposed to finish my dinner while they looked on.   The bonus (in fairness, this doesn't have to do with the restaurant as much as the clientele) was when the woman at the table next to us started breastfeeding her baby while drinking a glass of wine.  It was 9 p.m. on a Sunday and I was ready to go home.
Love this place.  The flavour combinations are always unexpected and fresh.  The tasting menu is definitely one of the best deals in the city!
This review should have no words to it. That is because there are simply no words to describe how unbelievably fantastic yet maniacal Traif and it's Chef owner Jason Marcus are.  Maniacal?? Yup you heard me, how else do you describe Seared foie gras, ham chips, fingerling potatoes, an egg AND MAPLE SYRUP!!  Who would ever think of this magical creation, Chef Marcus did and like my old buddy blue It looks (and tastes) glorious.  ( that was an old school reference if ya didn't know.) I have been wanting to come here for a very long time and I figured my one year anniversary to the GF was a good time to try it. I e-mailed the fine folks there and let them know the situation, and told them if they needed to reach me to confirm my reservation "I'll try not to squeal with joy like a tween who's just won Justin Beiber tickets"  ( seriously I copied that from my e-mail to them.)  Needless to say I was looking forward to this place. Wood tables, and a long bar was all I could remember about the interior as I spent much of my meal with my eyes closed, savoring every bite.  The drink menu is crazy too, filled with wild concoctions. They also have a great selection of whiskies and Scotches. The beer list rocks too, they have Innis and Gunn, No One Has This!  (favorite beer BTW) I knew I was in store for something special. I'll do a brief rundown of what we had, but seriously, everything here is good. throw a dart at the menu and you'll be happy. amuse bouche  of Chilled Asparagus soup. =  Ridiculous Seared Foie  = Maniacal Baked Muenster with Chorizo =  Money Short Rib Sliders  = Slap ya Mama Good Crispy Pork Belly =  Pork Belly.....nuff said sautéed veal sweetbreads  =  Last meal on earth. ( on a side note look up sweetbreads if you don't know what it is, wince, then go to Traif, order it,  savor the flavor  then slap yourself for ever doubting me about it's awesomeness) These are but a few offerings, trust me on this one though, there is no bad dish at this place.  "what did we have for desert? " Shame on you for even asking. Bacon doughnuts! = all that and a bag of chips! The most impressive thing about Traif is how awesome the staff is. They really went out of their way to make my 1st anniversary really really special.  they even sat us next to Chef Marcus which was pretty cool. The fact that he chatted with us was even more a testament of how awesome he is and how great this place truly truly is. You must go here, you owe it to yourself......and If you need a plus 1, just give me a shout!
Seriously, this place deserves 5 stars because the food is delicious. Luckily, my first experience here was at 11 pm on a cold December night and there was plenty of seating. We came back a few months later- sometime in March- and we weren't so lucky. It was going to be a 2 hour wait to we went to Xixa (which is okay but not the same and the food is heavily salted). Back to Traif- different combinations of sweet and salty were in every dish we had. I can't really remember what we had but it was all delish. I think we started with some brussel sprouts, then short ribs, and some salads. We ended the night with the bacon doughnuts. Holy doughnuts! So good! If you haven't tried Traif yet... what are you waiting for? And for the love of food, make reservations so that you don't get a 2 hour wait time estimate.
One of the few places in Williamsburg that matches innovation with good taste.  I've been here with my family, my boyfriend, and with a large group of friends, and have never been disappointed with the results.  Definitely order the chef's tasting menu because the menu can be a little overwhelming, and the chefs here do seem to genuinely enjoy crafting a particular menu for each evening.  Possibly the only downside to this place is that it's a little hard to get to from Manhattan, but I strongly believe it's worth the trek - particularly because there is a dearth of similar tapas restaurants in Manhattan.
Excellent service - our waitress was fantastic and our plates were always cleared immediately. Some of the tapas were better than others so it's great that you can pick and choose. I would go back again, but it wasn't a place I will crave going back to.
The hostess is incompetent and rude. The service is excellent. The food is overrated.
Alls i have to say is that the chicken slid off the bone. Do you hear me? It SLID off the BONE. Everything was oh so tasty. My date and i happened to get there after midnight and it was raining. We sat in the garden area underdeath a see-thru awning/tent thingy majiger (i dont know the names of these things). Either way, it was sexy. Everything tasted great. And you must go. Thanks.
I did not understand the hype. It took 4 tries to get a reservation. And when we got there they were very serious about making sure we had a reservation. When we got inside the place was nearly empty. The waiters acted as if they were the owners. I should have just walked to Pies and Thighs. I don't even remember the food to be honest and this was only 5 weeks ago.
I can't afford to drop much more than $100 on a meal, so I guess it's theoretically possible that there are restaurants in NY that make better food than this. Though, if anyone can tell me where they are, I'll borrow. There was no room in the garden and I didn't even get to see it so this is just about the food. It's unbelievable. I've never seen a menu like it, or enjoyed food as much. The menu changes and I don't know if I'd recognize what I had but it seems you can't put a foot wrong here. I shared about 5 items and 2 desserts with some friends. The fact that the last thing I had for dinner (tuna) was probably the best, thereby violating the heretofore immutable law that hunger is the best sauce, speaks volumes. The sauce was the best sauce. Eat here before these people realize they could easily get away with charging 5 times what they do and quit the hipsters for the yuppies.
Trying to kill some time while kid works on a project at friend's house, we wander this too-hip neighborhood. As the project runs over, we start to get hungry. Not knowing much about Williamsburg,  we sit in a coffee shop and start cross-referencing NY Mag and Yelp... consensus is: Traif.  We're just looking for somewhere decent to relax and eat ... but end up BLOWN AWAY! I wasn't prepared for this place! It's just a boring, rainy Sunday evening and I'm now eating one of the best dinners ever! From the tuna tartare (I'm wiping the sauce off the plate with my fingers) to the venison pasta, everything was just SO fantastic. We were practically measuring the little rounds of lamb tenderloin to fight for equal shares! Had 6 dishes, loved them all. I won't even bother describing them or recommending specific dishes because: [A] It's already been done 600+ times here on Yelp [B] The menu keeps changing. And  [C] I fully trust that ANYthing you order on the menu will delight. The only thing that could improve upon the yumminess herein would be some bread to wipe up the little smears of fallen sauce...
Hi, my name is Mishkin, and I have a problem.  Last weekend I've been to Traif THREE times in a 24 hour period.  That's an effen record, people.  But why, you ask, why would you do that to yourself, with so many other places to eat?  It is an important question and I will answer it to the best of my ability. Traif is reasonably priced.  A dish is about $9 - much bigger than tapas, you split 3 of these with your buddy and you are so full, you might as well roll yourself out of the place. Super delicious - diverse menu, no matter what I pick - mind blown.  It feels like playing the lottery and wining EVERY-SINGLE-TIME.   But if you must know what to order, because you are just like me, completely unable to make an independent decision about the food you eat and pay for - then do not fear, this is what you must try: A cocktail (speakeasy quality booze!!!); Gibraltar rocked my world and I hate Tequila (an ingredient in the said Gibraltar)! And did I mention they are $10? Take that M&H! Ribs - sliders or whatevs, their piggy meat is yummy. Hamachi - delicious and doesn't make you feel like a pig when you eat there several times in a day. Broccoli sprouts - devoured by husband who hates broccoli sprouts.  Nuff said. Donuts - yes, bacon makes everything taste better! AMEN! I love you, Traif, I am seriously considering moving just to be closer to you.
There's a reason Traif has an almost perfect 5 star Yelp rating - it really is that good. I don't have much to add on top of what others wrote but definitely try the  tuna tartare atop tempura-fried eggplant. I don't eat meat but I still enjoyed the non-meat dishes thoroughly.
Went for a @Tableshare dinner, and was provided a whole tasting menu of deliciousness. Favorite item hands down was the bacon wrapped goat cheese stuffed dates. Savory, sweet, and the right kind of pungent!
Grab a couple of your foodcentric friends, come here and order as much of the menu as possible. I joined my wife and a friend of ours about 15 mins late to the party - just in time to see the braised short rib sliders, chicken liver mousse and the hampshire pork belly arriving at the table. Our waitress, a sassy and friendly girl, gave me the "we've been waiting for you for the longest time" line. She was funny. I needed a stiff drink to get things going and got the Thai Manhattan,  a delicious rum based cocktail. The initial round of food was very encouraging. The pork belly (5/5) was outstanding - balanced nicely by hearts of palm and a couple of different kinds of citrus. The mildly sweet bbq sauce of the slider (4.5/5), which I pretty much devoured in one bite, sang me a love song. This is what eating is all about. The chicken liver (3.5/5) was pretty decent too. All too soon it was time for another drink and this time I went for the Red Pearl which is like a mojito with a kick. It's a light, refreshing drink which I highly recommend. I was ready for more food. We ended up getting baked muenster cheese with smoked chorizo (5/5), cornmeal crusted soft- shell crabs (4.5/5), whole roasted head-on prawns (4/5),  sautéed sweetbreads (4/5) and the fried chicken (4/5). Every dish was creative and delicious. I'm not going to bother describing each dish as I normally do. It was a meal that needs to be experienced to be understood. Our waitress came by and asked how we were doing. "Full," I said. "That's what they say until they see the dessert menu," came the prompt reply. Almost on cue, we ordered the bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream (5/5). I can't imagine a meal here without getting this.  It summarized my entire experience. There was nothing here that I haven't had before - but it was all presented and prepared in a unique way. We paid about $90 per person all in. Considering the food and alcohol consumed, I thought it was reasonable. We'll be back for more.
First a complaint: they don't answer their phone. So if you want to find out whether they have room for you at the last minute, you cant. Luckily when we showed up anyway, they did have room and we weren't disappointed. I had a salad with greens, radish, cherry tomatoes, bacon bits, thin slices of pear, and a dusting of grated gorgonzola. It was very refreshing and the bacon was not overpowering.  I thought it was slightly overdressed. This was followed by foie gras with egg, potatoes and maple syrup. The foie was a good size and was perfectly cooked, but I thought the maple syrup ruined it and made it just taste like breakfast. The third and final dish I had was the lamb confit, which was very rich and delicious, and which I'd definitely have again any time I didn't mind eating that much fat! So 5 stars minus 1 for the phone policy, minus 1/2 for the maple syrup, and minus another 1/ 2 because 3 dishes shouldn't have taken well over an hour to be served.
Great food overshadowed by an amateur hostess and waitress. We had excellent attention from the support staff - never wanted for water and empty dishes were cleared quickly. However, our waitress avoided our corner table religiously and didn't come back to check on us or take further drink orders. At one point, she walked by 4 times when my wine glass was empty.  One dish was forgotten and delivered as an afterthought. The hostess told each arriving party a different story about why they couldn't sit in the garden (this was at 6:00 opening when it was empty) and then showed us the worst tables in the house, without offering another option. We won't be back. Crab was so-so; tricolor salad, mussels, fritto misto and salt and pepper shrimp were fabulous.
more bistro style tapas! kitchen is super tiny, though fun to watch them try to cook everything for the restaurant on 6 burners! This makes the food a little hit or miss. came for dinner, it was 'meh'. Kinda like going to a friends house who knows how to cook really well and is inventive with meats. the Brunch however is great. Reasonably priced, inventive and tasty as hell (good bloody mary, though I wish it came in a pint glass!)
Not only was this place was disappointingly mediocre, but it also obviously thinks way too highly of itself. I took my family to Traif based on the rave yelp reviews it received. I don't know if it's gone downhill or if we were just there on an off night, but the food had that "too big for its britches" quality endemic of restaurants that try a little too hard and don't quite have the talent to pull it off. I should have known when I saw ingredients like "grilled aspiration" and "beluga lentils" on the menu... We ordered 9 different dishes: the small plates towards the top of the menu were much better than the larger plates as you moved down. The tuna tartar was tasty and inventive (though I could have gone without the sweet tempura under the otherwise perfectly done tuna); the cauliflower dish was fragrant and the burrata was soft and creamy. The real trouble started when we got to the heavier dishes on the menu: the cockle dish was so overloaded with bacon that I could barely taste the seafood; the scallops were so overcooked they tasted like hockey pucks, and the buttermilk-breaded quail was an abomination that tasted like fried chicken. It seemed like Traif was trotting out the tropes of trendy cuisine (bacon, offal, pork belly, donuts etc) without actually knowing what to do with them. The part that really put the nail in the coffin was the snooty service: we got the "smile through gritted teeth" treatment when we dared ask if we could order a few dishes now and the rest later. Apparently this simple request would throw the entire kitchen off its game. This attitude persisted through our meal, and culminated with outright haughtiness when we decided not to order dessert (sorry waitress, the dessert options were not inspiring). It's OK if a restaurant's food isn't always inspiring - not all of us can be Danny Meyer. But the combination of mediocre food not quite ready for prime time and snooty service is something I can really do without.
Bacon donuts! Need I say more?! Came here for brunch with a group of 10 and one baby, the waitress was really nice and patient.  The food was really fresh and delicious, I loved the variety of their menu. The space has a real laid back, down to earth feel but still sleek.
It's hard not to be in love! Service is spot on. We got a last minute reservation and  enjoyed 6 small plates. Despite the fact that restaurant was packed the dinner was very relaxing. Maybe thanks to couple of rude pigs :) The broccoli rab was spot on and tuna tartare to die for. Perfect for a cassual night out!!
Yet again another Excellent meal at Traif. Heirloom tomatoes hit the spot. The best Key lime pie I have ever  had.
You know you're at a good restaurant when every dish you get becomes your next favorite. Such an experience to dine at this restaurant. My daughter, son and I ordered the chef's selections. We had no idea what to expect from dish to dish. Every single bite was a delight
FOODGASM! Best Brunch I've ever had.  Bacon sliders, Bacon Doughnuts, Lemon Plum Salad, Egg in a Basket... all to die for. Traif - your piggy goodness stole my heart.  Highlight of my trip to Brooklyn! Tips, sit on the patio or the bar. Be prepared to wait, it's worth it.
A meal here is a culinary adventure. Everything tastes excellent. Every dish is inventive and comes with flavors that surprise your senses. How they manage to make such great food in a tiny kitchen amazes me.   The rude little pig and the bacon donut were both memorable. We will be back.
This place is great. The menu is creative, the food beautifully prepared and full of flavor. We went on a Saturday night at 7:30 without a reservation. In spite of how busy they were, every member of the staff had a great attitude and was incredibly accommodating. They also have a wonderful wine list and delicious cocktails.
Since my first visit in June 2010, Traif was always on my mind.  I finally made my second visit this last Sunday.  As I predicted Traif has become so huge by 6:30 it was packed (back in June it was less than half full on a Sunday evening...). Traif deserves all the rave and success. The three of us repeated the same order, but this time added 2 new dishes we did not try last time.  Bacon cream broth ("oh wow, I'm so happy we're back").  Hamachi carpaccio.  I have to say it was my least dish at Traif - it was hamachi ceviche sprinkled with sesame which seemed a little off.  I wish it was jalapeno or cilantro instead.  Sauteed broccoli rabe ("oh yes, I remember you"),  Pork belly ("love it"), Sweetbreads ("oh my god, was this so good, really, why is it so good???"), Foie ("dip it in the runny egg!"), Osso bucco ("um, maybe not next time"), Bread pudding ("it's ok"), Key lime pie ("wow wow wow, the best key lime pie ever!"). All the dishes were on the salty side this time.  But we all felt so good that we accomplished another pilgrimage!
The chef at Traif is without a doubt very talented. However, while I could certainly appreciate the boldness and inventiveness of flavors and impeccable way everything was cooked, I found the food to be a bit heavy-handed and lacking nuance. We ordered the prawns and the taste was heavenly. But they came siting on top of a toast so saturated with butter that I felt heavy after just two bites. I think that little piece of bread alone must've had a 1000 calories.  And the dish would've been just as delicious with half the butter. The other thing we tried was the sliders. They were cooked to perfection but every element on the plate save the dipping sauce was sweet. The potatoes were sweet, the sliders were sweet and there was no reprieve from the sweetness.   But the biggest reason I'm only giving Traif 3 stars is the drinks. They were outrageously small. My friend ordered a cocktail and it was served in a glass so tiny that it was hardly bigger than a shot. He literally had two sips and it was gone. My wine was a splash at the bottom of the glass.  You really do feel scammed.
This place is retarded. We ate $70 worth of food. Decided to get the dessert to go: donuts with coffee ice cream. We get to the car, ice cream isn't there. Went back for it. They said  they don't serve the ice cream to go.  They should tell you that, before you pay for it. Assholes. I would give zero stars if Yelp allowed it. Never coming back.
My experience at this restaurant basically embodies all that is great about Yelp. Traif is the top-rated restaurant in Williamsburg and 150+ Yelpers can't be wrong. Needless to say, they weren't. This is easily in my top 10 restaurants of all time. I only wish I lived around the corner so I could be a regular rather than have to make the painful trek from the UWS. Anyway.. the review: the place is really cozy, especially the little patio in the back. It was like 30 degrees when I went, so I would highly recommend sitting by the heating lamps if you're going to sit in the back. But after a few glasses of delicious (and extremely reasonably priced pinot noir - $8) I wasn't feeling a thing... the service was amazing and attentive. Our waitress was exceptionally knowledgeable and really helpful for a first-time diner -- she was candid in her recommendations, but honestly, I can't imagine anything could have possibly tasted less than stellar. We arrived at the restaurant around 6pm and it was almost completely empty, so we were seated right away. Over the next half hour, a steady stream of couples waded in and were seated around us, leading me to believe this is the perfect date spot. It's a very intimate spot, and the small plates are meant to be shared, inducing a romantic vibe. The meal started with an amuse-bouche of bacon-infused broth. After the half-hearted amuses-bouche I've had recently at other restaurants, I could already tell Traif was going to be a completely different experience. It was the tastiest, most flavorful broth ever. I know what you're thinking -- how can you go wrong with bacon-infused anything? Believe me, this broth was special. But ok, fine.. let me continue... we ordered the bacon-wrapped dates, the Nantucket scallops, the braised pork belly, the calamari, and the main short rib plate. Each of these dishes was wonderfully complex and full of flavor. I would have sat here all night and tried everything else on the menu if it weren't for the concert we were headed to... Everything was cooked to perfection -- the bacon and calamari were crispy, the scallops and pork belly were tender, the vegetables were flavorful and unique. Dessert -- bacon doughnuts. Perfection. The ultimate finale for a unbelievable meal. The bill for 2 people -- including 3 glasses of wine and 2 beers -- was $100. Seriously. Where on earth will you have a meal of such caliber for this price? Until you tell me, you can find me here at Traif :)
FOOD CRAWL STOP #8: 10 food crawlers began the day at 10:30am, and 13 hours later, we wound up at Traif for our 8th stop.  Already pretty full at this point, it was time to just be gluttonous - and let's face it, with a mantra like "Traif," isn't that the goal? I indulged in carpaccio, tartare, and chicken wings, but my pals went way more overboard with the pork-goodies, going so far as drinking out of bacon-rimmed glasses and desserting with bacon donuts.  It was the perfect way to cap our journey. 14 hours, 8 stops, 7 miles walking, 25 miles by subway, 6 miles by cab and with all meals and transportation included under $100 later, we left not just full for the day, but probably full for the week. ...that is, until we hit Flushing's Chinatown the next day!  To be continued...
First time at Traif and of course not the last one... This place is amazing and the food is yummy! The pork sliders are the best... the spicy tuna with eggplants is delicious, not to forget the crispy shrimps... Will return soon to try more dishes The only thing that I didnt like was the music... very loud and lot of trance which is not appropriate for the place
traif (noun) \ TRAF \ 1)  a needlessly long monologue about how a menu works which actually requires no explanation (Example: "Why did she give us such a traif? I'm not an idiot, I can select food for myself.") (verb) \ TRAF \ 2) to be patronized when not ordering as much food as the waitress would like you to order (Example: "Oh my god. Were we just traifed because we ordered 9 plates instead of 12? Girl's gonna get her 20% regardless. I guess those few dollars mean a lot to her.") 3) to ask the same exact question, I mean *verbatim*, of your customers four times regardless of the stage of the meal (Example: "She kept traifing, 'How is everything so far?' but it was pretty clear she couldn't care less since we'd disappointed her with our sensible appetites (see #2).' " 4) to hope that the service was an isolated incident and not a consistently self-righteous, pushy, and gluttonous attitude that the management of a restaurant condones, or worse, encourages because one would maybe like to return there one day because the food was, by and large, very tasty (Example: "I'm traifful that better experiences await me there. Because damn, those scallops...")
The food was absolutely amazing. I came here with two other friends and we were able to try 6 plates and 2 desserts among us. Everything was fantastic. The service was great and the drinks were good.  I would totally come back here again. I'm glad the south side of Williamsburg is getting more gourmet.
The search was on for the perfect place for a bunch of guys to get together to share a meal.  A place that we've never been to before, had good reviews, served up unique eats, and of course had good service.  Oh, and by the way, it needed to be able to seat a table of about 30 heads.  30 hungry men who had been spending the day playing in the dirt (ATV) all day in celebration of one of our fallen comrades crossing over to the other side - thus one of our very own was getting married and we wanted to show him a good time over a great meal being he is quite a foodie himself.   As part of the planning process, we visited Traif on a weekday and found the place packed, not just considering it was way past 11pm on weeknight, but it was packed as if it was a Friday or Saturday night - a first good sign to us.  Through all the hustle and bustle, we were promptly greeted by Heather, co-owner/host/manager and super woman extraordinaire herself.  She sent the menu to us beforehand, was willing to work with us on headcount, menu, and promised us no one would leave hungry (something I was quite concerned about the whole time).   Our party was a little late - as big groups usually are, and being that we are Asian, arriving on Asian time is to be expected, but as soon as we walked in (the remaining guests of this very manly soiree sharing tapas and cocktails) she happily greeted me with a smile and a hug and thus the food came out with what seemed like no lag time at all.  (It's taken me longer to power up my PC then it did for the first dish to come out from time of sit down) The menu is constantly changing but we had little bite sized morsels of food so different most of the guests cautiously plunged their forks into every dish that came out making sure to ask what it was before trying it.   - 'Hey, this is really good!'   - Oh yeah - well you just gnawed on some savory pig tails buddy! - 'Oh ... seriously? Uhm!' - 'Yup!'   - 'Wow - who'd a thunk?' Dish after dish the laughter and good eats continued and despite having to serve ~30 hungry men, the service was on top of it and Heather came by to check up on us more often than you'd expect the manager of a packed resty with a constant flow of people waiting outside to do so.  Now that's service!   On to the food: We started off with some fall off the bone mouth watering Strawberry Glazed Ribs.  Amazing start to our 12 course meal - they were gone in literally 60 seconds flat and only a few short minutes later our second dish came out, promptly followed by the others.  What else did we have?   - Deep fried pork belly topped with pineapples, toasted almonds, and crumbled blue cheese and drizzled raspberry sauce (different and acquired for some, but more for me with no opposition) - Steak Tartare w/ puff pastry and bone marrow topped w/ a pesto sauce.  (Even a few guys who always prefer their steak medium well managed to lick the corner of their mouths while smurking in silent approval) 'Okay, you're right, it's pretty good!' - Spicy shrimp sauteed with yams, potatoes, long beans and chives (Being Chinese American, specifically and more importantly, Taiwanese - there was someting familiar about this dish so I wasn't so surprised with it as with the other dishes but it was good - not as amazing as the first time I had an authentic Argentinean Parillada or as much fun as our guest of honor watching back2back episodes of Glee and squeeling in ... well Glee - but it was good) - Big eye tuna tatare over tempura eggplant kecap manis.  What can I say about this one?  This dish was one of my favorites and obviously of the other guests as well because after everyone took their first bite, it was like a 3PM Saturday afternoon kung-fu marathon as we basically all fought for whatever was left on the plate.  BTW, kungfu with forks is definitely not as effective as kungu with chopsticks) - Seared foie gras over roasted fingerling potatoes, topped with a perfectly cooked sunny side egg and warm honey maple syrup drizzle.  Now I have to say, although I'm against the cruelty involved with making foie gras, I have to admit I'm a big fan.  This dish reminded me of breakfast but with FOIE GRAS!!!! A few meat and potatoe guys at the table tried it and enjoyed it despite all the pretentiousness and hoity toity personality tied to anything related to foie gras - score! (I also worried about whether 30 meat loving men would enjoy tiny morsels of shared modern fusion tapas, be full, and at the same time not scorn the fact that they would be eating things they might not have ever tried or ever wanted to try - but so far so good) Due to a lack of space left on this review - the pig tails, sweet breads OMG!!!), and braised pork sliders were amazing. Bacon doughnuts - have to go back for those.  Great service and great food accompanied by a room full of friends old and new bonded by one man, dinner turned out to be quite the experience.  A must try!
My wife and I went there on Saturday 11/26. We arrived w/o a reservation around 6:30 and got a window table right away. I'd recommend getting a reservation. Even at that early hour we had the last table. Traif (meaning "forbidden" in Hebrew as I've been told) lives up to its name. Pork and shell fish appear in nearly all dishes. (Heck, they have bacon doughnuts for dessert.) It features small plates. We ordered 5 and found it to be a comfortable amount leaving room for dessert. Every dish was tasty with several being outstanding. In particular, the pork belly had a crispiness that melted quickly in your mouth and a perfect saltiness. The beets with local mozzarella, pomegranate, yogurt, and mint was refreshing. While the gemelli pasta, blue crab, fresh black truffles, and braised leeks dish had a buttery richness. The scallop and butterfish carpaccio were both well prepared and interesting combinations of flavors. The show stealer was the budino. All I can say is ridiculously good! Not incredibly sweet, nice cocoaey taste. Have it. Also of note was absinthe on the drink menu. I had a glass after dinner that really rounded a perfect evening well. As for the atmosphere, it's low key and high energy with a mostly 20-30 something hip crowd. However, we sat next to a table with a family of 6 including 2 children under 10 and they fit just fine. Awesome place. Can't wait for my next trip to Brooklyn to go there again.
Had the tasting menu for a friend's birthday and really all the food was a treat. I particularly enjoyed the strawberry glazed ribs, pork belly sliders, and as a true southern boy fried chicken is always welcome. Docked 1 star because they consistently couldn't figure out that the plates with 5 servings should go the table with 5 people rather than one of the others when you have a long table of 14 people... I mean really, having to trade & pass every course is not the most conducive to enjoying an otherwise quality meal.  Then it took about 30 minutes to run the cards which wasn't  so fun either, but otherwise a great meal!
This place is absolutely mind blowing - ordered almost everything on the menu. My wallet hurt, but my date was extra happy, and my belly was in belly heaven. Go there!
Everything here is AMAZING - well, perhaps except the sweetbreads.  The sweetbreads were executed perfectly, but I wasn't a huge fan of the asparagus and green garlic sauce. But sweetbreads aside, I had a hard time pausing to breathe in between bites of perfectly seared scallops swimming in creamed sweet corn and sage-truffle brown butter, and savouring explosions of flavour with each bite of the bacon-wrapped blue cheese-stuffed dates. One of my favourites was the "piperade": a generous serving of pork belly that was both crisp and fork-tender at the same time, but paired nicely with roasted peppers and an egg full of smooth, yolky goodness, fried wholeheartedly in bacon fat. The confit of duck leg also deserves special mention, as it was hands down one of the most tender, perfectly executed renditions I have ever eaten, and just paired magnificently with sweet chunks of Georgia peaches.  The seared foie was also well prepared, but I think it was just too much fatty richness for us as we neared the tail end of our 10-dish feast. But if I were to construct a list of "don't miss" dishes, I would have to add the BBQ braised short rib sliders.  How is it humanly possible to make short ribs THAT succulent and THAT tender?  Not to say that the sweet potato fries were not amazing, but I could barely carry on a conversation, let alone stop to have a fry, after taking my first bite of that perfect concoction of braised short rib. Admittedly, 10 dishes (plus 2 desserts) pretty much put four hungry diners over the top, but I personally felt that the penance I will have to pay for this gluttonous feast will be well worth it.  There were still so many other things on the menu that I just wanted to try, but I think I am equally tempted to just come back and nosh down on plate after plate of sliders, and top it off with a plate of bacon donuts, all for myself.
I love it. The food is great as is the decor and service and it has a beautiful patio The drinks are good and the wine list is great and reasonable! My favorites tuna tartare hamachi carpaccio roasted carrot salad pork belly sliders duck confit ok, well pretty much everything.   the only one i wasn't super pumped about was the corncakes with shrimp, but that was just in comparison with everything else. Its great to go with about 4 people so you can try lots of stuff.  great for sharing and the portions are pretty decent for a tapas style place.   I have been back several times and it is consistently good.  I plan to go back again and bring more people.
Wow. New favorite restaurant! This adds fuel to the South Williamsburg culinary explosion. And it's a top contender. Traif is fantastic on many levels. It's tranquil atmosphere, combined with open air kitchen, cute outdoor patio and garden set the stage for a meal that rivals any in NYC. Seriously, the food is unbelievably good. No detail is spared and this makes it even more impressive that the chef prepares it all in front of you. A small team is able to create dishes that make you want to eat all at once, lest someone try to share, and sit and savor slowly for as long as possible. I went there for brunch and had the eggs nest. The truffle toast was great, and the brie, portabello mushroom and egg were in the perfect ratio and quantity.  The bacon doughnuts were ridiculously good. And the homemade coffee ice cream that accompanied it somehow managed to compete in the deliciousness contest. Go here! You will be overjoyed you did.
It's got a tapas like menu where everything is shared in small portions. Lots of great things on the menu, nothing ordinary. Strawberry glazed ribs, brussel sprout salad (which is surprisingly really good), oh and the duck lettuce wraps...YUM. Desserts are great like the bacon donuts. Dishes to share are about $8. Bigger entrees are anywhere from $10-$25. Dim cozy atmosphere. Bit small so make reservations on a wkend night. Good service.
Oh God dayummmm, Traif! YOU BLEW ME AWAY! My friend & fellow yelper James S. recommended me that I should come here so I did... Boy, that was a piece of advice that I will love forever!!! Truffle toast: soft yet crunchy... tasty & delicious. Complimented so well with the savory taste of the omelet. Chicken & biscuits: chicken was perfectly crisped yet juicy & tender on the inside. The biscuit wasn't too dry either. & to be paired up wth apples & a sweet gravy? Unique & delish!!! Baked pear pancake: the fluffiest, softest pancake i have EVER eaten. The outside had a slight crunchy texture... It's one of the best pancakes I've had in my life. & the taste of baked pears at the bottom of the pancake. mmm mm good! Bacon donuts: WOWSA! Small bite-size glazed donuts topped with bacon bits?? I hear the angels singing! & the warm softness of the donuts to be complimented with coffee ice cream? Now that's a kick your mouth will love! Staff is great with recommendations. Great place to lounge with friends on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Traif is definitely a hidden gem. You gotta try it to believe it.
I was very excited to try Traif, having heard great things and reading reviews and seeing pictures of the awesome-looking food. Although I'm Jewish, who doesn't like a little traif? =) The place was solid all around. It's got a great look, with the open kitchen and bar on one side you can see the staff doing their thing. Between three people, we ordered about 9 plates - this was plenty, as we were all full by the end of the meal, it was the perfect amount. Short rib sliders, pork belly, tuna tartar, pretty much everything we got was prepared well and tasted great. Our server, whose name I unfortunately did not get, was a very nice bearded gent with glasses who was helpful and informative. Water glasses were always refilled, seemingly instantaneously. Overall, dining with friends, dates, whatever, I recommend 100 percent.
Pros: The flavors of many of the dishes were surprising and excellent (I particularly liked a nectarine and hamachi dish, and the bacon doughnuts). The menu was well-priced, too. Cons: Noise level was incredibly high for being half-full (I kept trying to figure out what went wrong with the acoustics) and service, while friendly, was spotty - maybe we were just in no-man's land but we didn't have the same waiter twice.
best small plates i've had in new york. people talk a lot about the bacon doughnuts, but there are so many better dishes here. the seared scallops and the broccoli rabe were two favorites. eat here!
There's not much that I can say about Traif that the others haven't already.  The distribution of the reviews are somewhat correct, although I honestly dunno how anyone can rate this place less than 3 stars. The waitstaff is completely attentive, the drinks are great, and the food is top of the line.  The rotating menu keeps me coming back, and the fact is, the menu is so vast that I'd come back regardless.  There aren't many places that come to mind that top this one, and I really do feel that this is my favorite in Brooklyn at this point. A couple items that come to mind which I do love are:  Bacon Donuts, Bacon wrapped dates, pork belly such and such (sorry can't remember), short rib sliders, hamachi.  Oh jeez, I can't remember all of the good ones, but please know that it is only a blur because all of it is so damn good! If you are at all on the fence, give it a shot, read a more thorough review and form your own!  I can assure you, the 1000 or so that have already posted aren't totally off ;).
Brought my boyfriend here for his birthday,  after three people recommended it.  They gave us a great table, and our server was lovely and very attentive.  The only down side was she wouldn't let us order 3 plates and see how we felt, saying if we ordered more later the next plate might take 30-40 minutes. So, we ended up over ordering and had no room for dessert. They knew it was his birthday and brought a plate with a candle anyway, which was really sweet.
Really wonderful place. You get incredibly sophisicated, delicious dishes for a very reasonable price. The garden in the back is such a romantic place to sit! My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place last Friday evening, and I recalled reading about the opening. The place filled up completely, which was pretty impressive for the out-of-the-way location and short history. I think they may have had a bit of trouble handling the volume as service was pretty slow. The wonderful food and gorgeous server made up for it. Plus, we were all the way in the corner of the romantic garden area. The "appetizer" portions were larger than I expected and the "entree" portions are on the smaller side. Given the prices, I was expecting little tapas dishes, but they were much more generous than that. I had the duck confit lettuce wraps, which were really delicious, although we didn't get enough of the sauce! We also had a hamachi with nectarines which was refreshing. The scallop dish with creamy corn was absolutely amazing! The only item I was underwhelmed by was the amuse bouche of tomato soup, which did nothing to excite my lips. It tasted like campbells. We had the bacon doughnuts for dessert which were awesome. I love a little sweet with my savory and vice versa! Overall, a great place we will definitely be back to. The best spot to feel like you're going out to a high end place without shelling out tons of dough.
There is nothing I can say that hasn't been said. The food is top notch. And how can you not love a restaurant name that translates to 'non kosher' and also exists in Williamsburg? The Chutzpah!
Traif means "not Kosher" FYI - fun concept if it doesn't offend :) Came here with some food-loving friends to indulge in a serious piggy feast. First off, there is a legitimately delicious cocktail menu - order something from this! We sampled a smoky mezcal cocktail, an apple cider cocktail with gin and peychaud's, and the adorably named "Violet Beauregard" with blueberry-infused bourbon. Once we were properly lubricated, we checked out the menu. Organized from lightest to heaviest plates, the menu is set up with tapas-sized portions of amazingly delicious treats. Luckily we were in a spirit of indulgence, so I got to try many of the offerings. I won't go into them here, but I can't say there was a single dish that was a miss. The meat dishes were cooked perfectly, as were the salads, seafood and vegetable dishes. My advice is to go with a few food-loving friends and order as many of these delicious dishes as you can! The dishes come out randomly and when we reached the last few plates, we started to get sad (but too full to order more). Come here for a food adventure! It's a small dimly-lit space, with the kitchen out in the middle of the dining room, it's possible to get a seat at the bar and watch all of the amazing dishes getting made. Highly recommended - and reasonably priced as well. Enjoy!
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday because friends recommended it to us! Let me just say this is by far the BEST restaurant in Brooklyn. They serve all small plates which is fun because you can order a bunch to get a variety of tastes! I recommend the Strawberry glazed ribs, the salt & pepper shrimp and for dessert the bacon donuts with coffee ice cream and dulce de leche! We loved it so much here that we brought his mom here for the chefs menu! It's $45/person and they bring out endless amounts of delicious food! It's definitely a reason to venture to Brooklyn. The atmosphere is very dark and romantic but can be good for small groups!
I'm in love. Went for brunch after my mouth watered from reading the menu online ..and it totally exceeded my expectations. My boyf and I went in around noon on a Saturday, and were greeted with smiles from the owner/bartender, the chef (from behind the counter in his open kitchen) AND our waitress. I like em already.. Traif has a little outdoor garden/backyard, which seems to be the status quo in Williamsburg... but it was wayy too hot out to eat outside, so we snatched a seat right under the AC inside. I ordered lavender lemonade (i have to order it whenever its on a menu), which was delicious, and my boyfriend got an iced mint green tea which needed a bit of sweetener but was yums nonetheless. As for the food... we ordered and shared the Egg in the Nest and Bacon, Egg and Cheese sliders. The Egg in the Nest (which I usually call "egg in a hole in bread") was the most delicious thing I've ever eaten. Well, for breakfast food at least. It was a grilled cheese with portabello shrooms (note: BRIE, not american cheese. this is some serious shit we're talkin about). Then they carve out a hole in the middle of the sandwich (**Then they serve the hole on the side. a la munchkin out of the middle of the donut!) and plop a sunnyside up egg all up in the grilled cheese hole! tasty oozy deliciousness! The bacon egg and cheese sliders were (as my boyfriend described as he professed his love for them) "such a simple thing, but done so perfectly". The bacon wasnt just your average thin, floppy slice o'pork. It was more like a thick cut of pork than "bacon" but i'll let it slide (pun intended). The bun was awesome, and the eggs were cooked perfectly. OH OH OH ANNNND it was served with sweet potato fries! We'll definitely be coming back to try their dinner. and more of their brunch menu. very impressed :)
Not recommended; unusually expensive given that the portions are so Small Relative to the price. We asked the waitress about their Soft Shell crab and how it's served and she gave us raving reviews, only to find out it's deep fried with a huge amount of crust and oil, for a $19 that'll buy you a fantastic Entree at any good restaurant in Brooklyn
Came to Traif for my 30th birthday and I stil remember as if it were yesterday (July 22nd). The five stars is for the food. I wish we could have sat in the back room because I heard the atmosphere is a lot less loud and cramped, but I still had a rocking time. Here's what we ordered: Black Nector Pluots with bacon: I love fruit, bacon, and cheese. Perfect amount of tangy, salty, and sweet! Who would have thunk to put these items together? Hamachi carpaccio: meh. It's my fault for ordering seafood at a restaurant known for pork. Strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs: Heaven. My bf and I did the uncouth thing of running our fingers across the plate to get every last bit of the glaze. sauteed broccoli rabe: delicious but didn't hold a candle to the the black nector pluots and baby back ribs. Again, everything that I love (mushrooms, cheese, fried egg) combined in one dish. Desert: Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream and FREE Panna Cotta. I don't know if everyone gets free desert but it made us feel so special! The free desert made up for the long wait time to get our wine. Please note, the place is not conducive to holding a conversation if you're sitting at a table next to the bar. It's also very cramped so it's best to leave the big, chunky purse at home. I had first hung it on the back of my chair but then the servers couldn't get through and then I moved it to the side of my chair which people kept tripping over.   Remember, you're going for heavenly foods, not for silly conversation or space; It's New York people, there's no such thing as space.
how can anyone dislike this place? if you do, your patriotism is suspect. and you 4-star reviewers are on shaky ground too. I was eager to bring my friend here to show her I wasn't just bullshitting about how awesome it was. and I wanted to make sure it was still as flippin' jawesome as it was at the Yelp Elite Event. would Traif be a star with longevity like Bon Jovi, or a one-hit wonder like Katrina and the Waves? here's what we had: 1) crispy braised pork belly on a bed of veggies - ZOMFG. the fatty part AND the meaty part of the pig combined into one delectable morsel. 2) lamb & chorizo meatballs. I've never had meatballs that rival the tastiness of the ones that my grandmother and my mother make (I'm Italian, I am biased), but these are definitely up there. 3) foie gras with ham chips, potatoes, egg, maple syrup, and hot sauce. my friend has never had foie gras, and now she can't ever have it again, because Traif just might possibly have the best serving of this. I feel as if the Norse god Odin himself passed this recipe on the Jason Marcus (the chef). 4) the braised sliders - still delectable. moist and a little sweet. sweet potato fries were fresh and sizzling. 5) bacon donuts for dessert - we waited a good half an hour or so after dinner before eating these. I really love the atmosphere here. it's small, but not compacted. there's a small backyard, which I imagine will be nice in the fall. we ate around 7:30, but the place was empty until about 9, when it suddenly filled. Traif, I'm walking on wholly unKosher sunshine because of you. keep up the fantastic work, and I'll be back.
Williamsburg to eat? Shoot.  There's only one place worth going to  Williamsburg for. Peter Luger's Steakhouse. Wrong.  I had the pleasure of going to Traif last night.  This small plates sharing style establishment is incredible from top to bottom. Starting with cocktails, I had a concoction made of JK Scrumpy's Cider (best cider you can get in New York) and another made with tequila and a glass frosted with bacon bits.  Yes, there were bacon bits all over the rim of my glass. There was not a single dish that was not a home run.  Of course the two dishes that made me forgo  dessert (because we ordered another round) was the Duck Confit and the Berkshire Pork Belly. I honestly can say that there is not one thing that you can go wrong with on the menu. Finally, this place is very well priced.  Between bottled sparking water, cocktails, beers, bourbon, enough "small" plates to fill us up, and gratuity, the bill was $85 per person. There are now two places worth going to Williamsburg to eat.  Of course after I go to Luger's next week, I'm stopping by here fore dessert.
Everything I had was so good.  I would go here everyday if I could.
Went on a double date here.  Hands down amazing food - but had to tell the service to slow it down with the plates.  It was AGGRESSIVELY fast.  As other reviewers have noted, they'll bring out the next course (and we opted for the tasting menu, so there were a LOT of courses to be had), while we were on our 2nd or 3rd bite of the previous course.  I absolutely hate feeling rushed through a meal especially when the food is so delicious, and the waitstaff seem to have perfected their job at making you feel like they are shoving food at you from every direction without getting a chance to breathe and enjoy what you have in front of you. Otherwise, a great bargain for the quality and amount of food though - highly recommend the tasting menu.
Round up a group of friends and try the chef's tasting menu. 12+ dishes for $40/person. We couldn't have better things to say about the food, which we continually proved throughout the meal when not chewing. Compliments to the chef who I am now actively pursuing as a husband.
The delicious food here is only made more awesome by the wonderfully ironic feeling of eating non-kosher foods in the no mans land border between hipsters and Hasidic Jewish communities in Williamsburg. Pretty much everything on the menu is good -- you can't go wrong. As for the portions, they're small plates, so maybe 2 to 2.5 per person for two guys. The flavors definitely punch you in the face, but there's some subtlety if you try really hard to find it. Go to Dram afterwards for great drinks.
Yummy and well priced! If it weren't for the overly friendly waiter and the occasional empty water glass, five stars. Would recommend.
After a G Train shutdown journey from hello, it was nice to arrive at this clean, bright, open kitchen gem - where the food is equally pretty. My only "complaint" is that we went at lunchtime on the weekend, so we were limited to the smaller/simpler brunch menu, which doesn't quite lend itself to multiple plate/tapas style ordering due to similar ingredients.  What we got was great, but I was expecting more of their signature shellfish/pork offerings... and pork products only showed up on 2-3 brunch offerings as side notes or minor players.   Therefore my advice to eaters:  in order to really experience the full arsenal of dishes available, go to dinner for your first (or first 5) outing(s). Otherwise at brunch you are merely sparring. I'll definitely be back to enjoy the dinner menu, which if delivered as promised will bump this up another star or two.
Went to Traif with a group of friends and got to experience the tasting menu. The chefs cater the tasting menu to your diet and will incorporate picks from the menu you are dying to try. My favorite was the tuna tartare. The dishes kept coming out to the point my group was so full that we weren't speaking to each other! ( Not complaining- just a worry when you are going to get tapas you'll be a bit unsatisfied when you leave). We all left full and happy. Drinks were good too-try the Red Pearl!
I had mixed feelings about the "theme" of Traif. Pork and shellfish are two of my favorite things, but I thought the idea was a bit gimmicky. Well, I was proven wrong, because everything about this place was good. First of all, the space is very cute, and in the warm weather, the back room opens up into a garden. My friend and I shared 4 dishes, which was more than enough food. We had sweet and spicy rock shrimp, which were amazing; broccoli rabe with poached egg, ribs, and sweetbreads. Everything was excellent, but the ribs and shrimp were my favorites. We really wanted to try the bacon doughnuts, but were too full. I guess this just means I'll have to go back again for them! Oh and the menu changes daily, which is cool.
Yummy! I had the salad with peaches, bacon, bleu cheese and nuts . OMG. It was an amalgam of flavors and textures exploding in my mouth all at once. Pure light salad joy. Then I had the smoked salmon, and soft scrambled eggs with the cucumbers and tomato. Oooh the truffled toast. ....yea.....I will be back with more people. This place was so yummy ! I can't wait to try the other foods. Oh and do please try the lavender mimosa.
I couldn't figure out a place to bring some friends for their first experience of Brooklyn until Traif was brought into the mix. Perfect choice. Everyone writes about Traif. Everyone reads about Traif. Therefore, almost everyone knows something ABOUT Traif and there is good reason. It is a very different take on normal dishes. Since it is 'so known', I had to make my reservation on the Wednesday before the Saturday night, and I was STILL only able to choose between 7:30 and 9:30pm. Quite the popular spot. Walked in and got one of the better tables in the open garden area. In the dining area, it seemed to be 100 degrees with fans blasting in certain areas as well as a much louder environment, but the garden had a nice breeze and for the majority of the meal, we didn't feel the heat. We ordered some cocktails and when they all came, the look of them was nice, but the taste was horrible. Everyone at the table got something different, yet no ones opinion of their drinks were different. They all were pretty terrible. Come for the food, not the alcohol. Strawberry-Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Ribs: These are a must-have. They aren't THAT amazing, but I think they are needed because of the different tastes that are going on in your mouth compared to what usually happens with ribs. Bacon Wrapped Bleu Cheese Stuffed Dates: Amazing. Get them. Deliciousness if you like Bleu Cheese, heavenly if you really like bleu cheese (this guy). Spicy, Bigeye Tuna Tartare: Not too bad. The tuna is very tasty, but it is also one of the more basic plates that we had for the night. It was a nice change. Sauteed Broccoli Rabe, Roasted Portobella-Truffle Toast, Fried Egg: My FAVORITE plate of the night. It reminded me of a great Croque Madame. It was insanely rich and tasty. Thai Spicy-Sweet Chili-Glazed Calamari: SPICY AS SHIT. This will burn your mouth off, however leave you wanting more. We had it almost last and I really wish they brought it out earlier, probably would have had more. Still very tasty. BBQ, Braised Short Rib Sliders, Sweet Potato Fries: Basic. Nothing too fancy here, but they were very good. I thought the highlight of the meal were the sweet potato fries with that DELICIOUS dipping sauce. Mom's Key Lime Pie: I was hoping to order the Bacon Doughnuts, but the Key Lime was the needed sweetness to end the savory meal. It was one of the best Key Lime Pie's I have ever had and I've had some good ones. We had a few more dishes that I cannot remember (like Oxtails and one with Muenster Cheese dip) that were alright. These were my more memorable plates that came out. I can't remember being THIS FULL after a meal, but I was completely stuffed. Our bill came out to $135 between 4 drinks and 9 plates of food. Could I really complain about the price? Absolutely not. $40 in terrible cocktails will do that to you. ORDER THE FOOD NOT THE DRINKS. The food is superb and will leave your taste buds guessing what will come out next. Sit in the garden if you have the chance. Order the Broccoli Rabe plate and Strawberry Baby Back Ribs then finish with the Key Lime Pie. You can thank me later.
Traif is a solid date place, because it provides benefits to both sides. For the girl, she can dress up and sit in a hip, dark, and intimate space. For the guy, it's an excuse to eat bacon and other pork products under the guise of satisfying the periodic "date night" criteria. We ordered the following dishes: roasted bone marrow, crispy pork belly, strawberry cinammon glazed short ribs, and the bbq short-rib sliders. After that, we added the bacon doughnuts for dessert. In retrospect, I would've replaced the sliders with something else -- just too similar in taste to the short ribs. The bacon doughnuts were interesting but maybe a little too hyped up by all these Yelp reviews below.
Smaller portions so you get to try a few things.  Try at least 2 meals. My wife and I shared 4. I like that you get to try a bunch of different meals. I also got the bacon doughnuts for dessert. Yummy.
Great food!!!  Great concept.  We had a little of everything on the menu and it was ALL yummy and oh soooooo good.  The service was great and all around we had a blast!!  I definitely recommend this place as a date or hangout with friends and everyone shares dishes!
I have never been to a place that made me do a little happy dance - twice.  It's mostly internal with a little shoulder shrug, so nothing horribly embarrassing, but still odd nonetheless.  So completely out of character, but just shows I couldn't contain my excitement about every bite. I tried: Bacon wrapped dates - perfect start to the meal (smiling ear-to-ear) Sweetbreads - melt-in-your-mouth delicious (insert happy dance) Chicken Liver - incoherent mumbles of joy (insert second happy dance) Broccoli Rabe - heard angles when I broke the yolk Strawberry & Cinnamon Ribs - "slap your mama" good Bacon Donuts - sinful bites with a little bit of evil sprinkled on top It's difficult for me to describe how the food impacted my overall experience.  It would be similar to how a song on the radio can be associated with a specific moment in your life, or a remind you of a loved one.  It may sound weird, but that's how I felt.  I simply just enjoyed every single bite, and appreciate the thoughtfulness given to each detail on every plate. The sweet potato soup, and the lemon water with the ribs were very generous, and I loved the patio at night.  The staff were so wonderful.  We even had the opportunity to meet the Owner/Chef Jason Marcus.  He is pure talent. Would be first in line if they ever opened one in San Diego or LA.  Otherwise, I'll have to come back to New York sooner than later!
Traif, we meet again... You woo me with your porky goodness. As my friends quoted that evening " oink oink porky oink oink". My friends and I couldnt decide where to have a late Friday night dinner. We decided to write down some suggestions and pull one out of a hat. What a delight when Traif was chosen! Ventured to BK and I was already thinking of what to have. The space was still pretty packed for a late night crowd. Good to know they open until 2am on weekends!! We waited for 15min and were accomodated in the back patio. On to the fooooood: we shared little plates of ribs, chicken wings, pork belly, broccoli rabe, bacon donuts, key lime pie yuuuuum. I would go on and on about the food, but you should just go there. NOW. And bask int he tasty delights of pork goodness. =)
Cannot say enough great things about this place! Small plates at their finest. Absolutely amazing. Lovely staff offering really prompt, informed and courteous service. The menu always changes and is always delicious. First came here for my girlfriend's bachelorette party. She's Jewish, but loves her some bacon. Pork belly and ribs galore on the menu, so she was right at home. I'm not a pork eater, but there are still really tasty poultry and vegetarian options in the way of corn cakes, wings, calamari, scallops, some fried egg/truffle oil/brocoli rabe situation that rocks, and other goodness. The wine list is also really good. They carry an alvarino white wine that I love, but have trouble finding when I eat out in New York. What really makes me pop lock it and drop it when I come here are the desserts. To die for! I think the chef or owner's mom makes them herself. She's got my vote. Bacon doughnuts, key lime pie, and anything they put passionfruit cream on is the business. Servers are attentive and they bring you these cute bowls of water to help keep your fingers clean when you're digging in, though you'll likely prefer to lick them clean and drink the water to refresh between bites. It's my go-to spot when folks come to visit and I want to wow them. I'm always dragging my friends across the bridge to show them Brooklyn has just as much (if not more) to offer than Manhattan, and after one bite of a bacon doughnut, they wonder how they ever doubted me. Also a good spot for older family members or folks who are particular about eating out because they have an open kitchen. This spot is on my top ten of places to try in NY. Do it!
It's been a while since I've been this excited to write a review about a restaurant! THIS PLACE IS MONEY! I love everything about Traif: the ambiance, service, food and price. My favorite plates for the night: - Strawberry-Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Pork Ribs: I don't like pork, but this dish made me change my mind. The Ribs were sooooo juicy and flavorful. - Spicy, Bigeye Tuna, Tempura Japanese Eggplant, Kecap Manis: A new and successful approach to spicy tuna. This dish reminded me of a Japanese approach to bruschetta. I'm in love. - Mom's Key Lime Pie, Graham Crust, Pineapple : YUM!!!! My least Fave: - Soupy Paella "De Taller:" Cockles, Shrimp, Saffron Broth, Bomba Rice: I don't know how I feel about Soupy Paella. It was kinda weird. Also, they have to do a better job cleaning the mussels. I almost chipped my tooth. For those who live in Manhattan: This place is definitely worth the trip out to Brooklyn. Trust me!
I'm really sad to write this review. When I looked at the menu, I was super excited and reminded of Animal in LA. It's a poor facsimile. Also, people that are in love with Traif? Do yourself a favor and book a flight to LA. Just so you know, Animal opened first, and Traif has basically jacked their menu (which I'd be annoyed at but okay with) - except then they've gone and executed it poorly. We ordered pretty much the entire menu since we had a large party and we were evaluating the location for a rehearsal dinner. First bad sign: we were asked to wait outside for the 6 minutes before the restaurant opened. In the freezing cold. Second bad sign: we were asked to wait at the bar (in an empty restaurant) while our friends showed up. Third bad sign: we were asked to pay the bar tab separately before getting seated. All that aside, once we sat down our waitress was fine. I can imagine that if you hadn't had these flavor combinations executed perfectly before that you would think it was original and good. But everything fell a bit flat for us - even the ones that hadn't been to Animal. It is a good restaurant, but its not great.
When my college friend suggested going to brooklyn for dinner, I was thrilled. My two previous experiences in brooklyn were fabulous (brooklyn bowl and prospect park) and I had a feeling this would be no different. The restaurants location is a bit tricky to get to via cab and the street its on is a little sketchy but once you get into the restaurant you feel right at home. Every single plate we ordered was delicious. The seafood was amazing, we had the tuna, scallops and shrimp (that one was my FAVORITE). But it wasn't the way it was cooked that was so good, it was everything it was uniquely paired with. Whether is be  the spicy shrimp with golden pineapple or the roasted brussel sprouts with puffed rice (which was chefs vegan choice for our vegan friend), it melted it my mouth. Our conversation only added to the deliciousness of the evening. Once we all found out we were on Okcupid we compared our profiles and discussed why we were "enemies". My college friend and I realized over roasted carrots, apples and raisins that we were never meant to be bc a promising first date makes me more nervous than an important interview, but I digress... My only real complaint is that even though this is a tapas place where sharing is encouraged I would suggest coming with no more than three or four people max (a great date place). I came in with five people and the restaurant is small so we were right on top of the other tables and the 10 plate suggestion for our party did not nearly fill my belly.
Purposeful plates of unpretentious flavorful American tapas. Short Rib Sliders Strawberry Glazed Ribs ----------- Bacon Doughnuts.
Have visited for brunch on several occasions, have never been able to order anything but the fried chicken and biscuits.  I think I'm in love.
It was a very special friend's graduation and I wanted to pick the perfect place for the celebration and thought that Traif would be the perfect place. I had high expectations for this place since it had 4.5 stars on yelp and it turns out to be only 3 stars for me, very disappointing. A few things I did not like, our group of 7 one of our friend had a drink from Starbucks and they wouldn't allow outside drinks. Fine that's understandable and then there was a "mandatory" chef menu for $40 per person for parties of 8 or more, which I don't understand. Our group turns out to be a party of 8 but the last person was running late. We did not want to be restricted to the chef menu and decided that we'll meet our late guest elsewhere. So there was the 7 of us and we ordered many items off the menu which include: 1. Spicy, bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis 2. Glazed-confit chicken wings, hoisin, five spice, sriracha 3. Crispy soft shell crabs, crushed avocado, pineapple sambal, red papaya 4. Bellflower pasta, italian sausage, roasted piquillo peppers, torn basil 5. Dayboat scallops, snap & english pea risotto, lemon-caper brown butter 6. BBQ, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli 7. Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs 8. Seared foie, fingerlings, ham chips, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce The food was only good, not over the top good. The portions were small, which is the reason why we ordered double of each order this way everyone could sample the food. But even with the double order we still had room for more food and we left hungry and they slapped a 20% gratuity on our bill, which was another "mandatory" rule that I did not like. All and all I was not impressed with this place. Oh, I just remember another thing I did not like it was the music it was just too damn loud that we couldn't hold a conversation and had to raise our voices.
Found this spot after leaving the library on my Yelp app. I love apps..just be free! The back garden is the only reason to come here. I guess I could say the food, too, but the garden is really cute and romantic. Unless you're with a girl and your an emo homo. The food was good until I got to the last tapas dish, chicken wings. The dish was hit and miss on taste. Some of the pieces were really good and then others I wouldn't give to a child in fear he would come down with some disease and die on my watch. It was really strange too..like some parts of the chicken were good then you would flip it over and want to punch the waiter in the face. It was more miss than hit and I wasted about 30-40mins on getting it to my table. Service was pretty good as well until the last dish, chicken. Around our 3rd dish the front of the restaurant started to fill up. Quite quickly I will admit. Well, the kitchen just didn't know how to keep up. All of our plates were coming out on time and then all the sudden they just stopped for almost 45mins all together. Though the tables around us were still getting served 1-2 plates the entire time, strange. Did someone forget to put in our last dish? Overall, cute spot..come when it is slower, possibly?
I wish I could keep this place just for myself! The waiting time for a table can be measured in decades and the line outside goes for miles... Kidding (almost). The food is so good I have tears in my eyes. Little plates of goodness to share, the plates will arrive randomly and be prepare to fight your friends for the last bite! The staff is super nice and the small open kitchen works at inhuman speed. Last time I went I loved the soft shell crabs and the stake tartar with bone marrow, the sliders are the best I ever had (you better order that extra one for $3 ) the only thing I was not crazy about was the nutella mousse which was great itself but the too many toppings made it a little too much. Go and please invite me!
I'll be the first to gripe when prices are high unless a restaurant is worth it -- this place definitely is! One of those restaurants that are an experience. There's plates you won't find anywhere else, and the drinks are like works of art!
One word: PORK! If you love pork, you need to come here. My friend and I ordered what she dubbed the "pork trifecta": sliders with sweet potato fries, pork belly with lentils and pomegranate, and strawberry-cinnamon ribs. Yum, yum, and yum. The ribs were our favorite, I think. But I'm convinced you can't go wrong with anything here. Everything was that good. I also have to rave about the awesome salad--I know, a salad?! The salad had bleu cheese, truffles, bacon, cherries, and plums, a combination that almost managed to outshine the insane meaty goodness of the rest of our meal! So if you're a vegetarian...shocker, you just might enjoy your salad and veggies just as much as us meat eaters enjoy our pork. Thai basil-chili mojito-like drink...I had two, could have drank many more. Also impressed with the ferocious speed with which the cook was turning our plates on a tiny 4-burner stove behind the bar. And yet everything came out looking perfect and tasting even perfecter. How...?! That's some sorcery right there. Can't wait to come back here!
Ohh my God...Traif, you done took this ish to another LEVEL! Now a neighbourhood lady like me ain't supposed to be gettin no pork doughnuts like this. Damn, DAMN!, who taught you how to get sexy with it?
Really really  enjoyed the food. Drinks were a bit...too different...that was the ONLY negative part
Chilaquiles are the best I have ever had.  I have only been here for brunch.
Delicious food, great presentation, moderately noisy, tightly spaced, and dimly lit. We were a party of three and our waiter recommended we order ~7 dishes. We didn't. We ordered four and that was more than enough plus dessert, of course. Would definitely go back!
Traif is one of those hip but not stuffy palate challenging restaurants. The kind of place that serves it's water from a Mason jar. It's in Williamsburg simultaneously in a great dining neighborhood (I mean Peter Luger, what up?) and gross part of it. Also love their play upon treif, pig heart sign, won't you be mine? My friends were forced to wait an hour for me and the dining service to open, so immediately they hated me and for picking this place. Especially since they were starving and this place is more about sharing food and small moderately costing dishes. But I'm alive and typing a four star review so obviously it went well and don't even need this statement. Let's get the quibble out of the way so it doesn't damper the rest: Our waitress? Frigid among other adjectives. She broke a glass, blamed it on my friend and then was curt during service. You can suck it, lady. But we tipped well because the bus boys? Super. Nice. They gave some tasters of gazpacho which I already knew was going to taste like a cold sauce and the pineapple after which was also unnecessary. I went for the safest choices for a picky child with uncultured tastes like myself, the crab and the bone marrow. The crab was quite good although did not and never will change my hatred for avocados and anything green that didn't come out of a fruit roll up package. The bone marrow tasted good, but I prefer it cooked because even on a warm slice of bread it's a little off putting. It was filler much like the paninis with mushrooms, kind of pedestrian considering the wit of their other dishes. The strawberry glazed ribs, I felt like a suburbanite trying to understand Olafur Eliasson: I recognize it's good and well conceptualized, but I don't get it and don't really want to. The BBQ rib sliders were much less taste challenging and easier to handle. I'm not that hip. I still listen to The Corrs. BUT. Bacon. Donuts. Bacon. Ice cream. Now as a girl who was called "bacon girl" during the majority of my schooling, I was hesitant thinking they were going to be giant bacon chunks and sort of a sweet-salty outre type of decadent dish not for me. Instead they're little doughnut holes sprinkled with bacon served with dulce de leche ice cream with bacon crumbs under it. Light and not too rich, soft and warm. I would just come here and buy this dish several times over and I almost never even order dessert. Overall, not bad. I think I'm mostly giving 4 stars for great bus boys and the donuts.
Amazing food, some of the best I've had in New York living there the past year.  Watermelon gazpacho was a great start.  The dishes were vibrant, spicey, and really well composed.  Interesting play of textures off of each other, lots of places don't really think about that.  One of the dishes I had was kind of heavy and generally didn't taste so great for me (it was made of a bitter vegetable like endive or something).  So my advice, stay away from the vegetarian stuff, the other things are really amazing. I thought the service was great, the space was fun.  They helped make my anniversary with my girlfriend really special. p.s. I like how big the icecubes are in the drinks.
What can I possibly say that hasn't already been said about this spectacular, practically flawless restaurant? Maybe just a few notes, and honorable mentions... The space is very small, but cozy and relaxing.  I would recommend making reservations if you go, unless you go on the early side of dinner. The restaurant is marked by a metal pig sign hanging outside which gives it that country cooking feel, and who doesn't love that?  Tapas style, but I promise you intensely filling in a best of all possible ways. I felt like I only a bite from each dish we ordered, but I left feeling like I ate at a buffet. Rich and intricately flavored dishes goes such a long way! My table and I ordered several items and shared tapas style (which I recommend). 1. bacon wrapped blue chees dates, so many places get the bacon too salty  drowning out the sweet warmth of the dates, but they hit the perfect sweet spot! 2. berkshire pork belly, depth of flavors, and the richness of the pork belly means no wrong can be done here 3. strawberry cinnamon ribs, all I could imagine was a muffin after seeing this, but after first bite I can't believe people don't make ribs this way more often! (Maybe because only Traif can take the regular and put a whole new flavor spin on it!) definitely try it! 4. big eye tuna,  loved exploding fireworks-like presentation of color, I only wished it were right-out-of-the-pan-hot temperature 5. scallops, totally knocked it out of the park and they truly made this a star dish, everyone at my table wanted more! 6. sauteed broccoli rabe, this dish was a disappointment, I would pass on this since the toast was plain and dry, the broccoli rabe was stringy and difficult to cut, and in general just kind of an odd dish for a place that puts together such well thought out plates 7.baked muenster cheese, unless your craving cheese I would pass on this too, I'm a huge fan of cheese, and for some reason I think the melted texture of the muenster was a huge drawback, it was oily, too slick and thick, and it didn't quite spread, I know they picked muenster for it's flavor, but texture-wise with the crostini, I would say a no-go 8. cockles soup type dish, loved this one too, this dish came out last, and I wish it  were the first dish to have, lovely presentation, buttery, the brine from the seafood, warm, and filling, I think this would have set a great tone as an appetizer type soup had it come out first! 9. (almost forgot) the sliders! another star dish with the sweet potato fries, I ordered this thinking it would be the typical sliders/fries type fare. Wrong. The short ribs used in the sliders were so unbelievably satisfying, bread fluffy and soft absorbing some of the sauce, and In short, the choices they have seem like regular-fare, but their own Traif twist on it makes it truly a spot worth your time. Presentation, balancing of flavors, enhancing the amazing quality of the meat dishes are their strong suits. Go with any type of dining companion(s), family, friends, date, and revel in the   flavors that Traif magically, and seamlessly melds together. I am definitely planning a second trip back in the near future.
My friends and I came on a Thursday night. We were tempted to try the tasting menu (10 items chosen at random, $40 / person. Two items would be taken into consideration by the chef. The plates would be enough for each person.) After contemplating for a bit, we decided to pick our own plates; this was a great decision. We picked 10 plates (in order of how we were served): We were served curry shots to start, which was surprisinly refreshing. 1) Dayboat scallops, snap & english pea risotto, lemon-caper brown butter - This was a bit disappointing as this tasted a like scallops I can have anywhere else. 2) Berkshire pork belly, rhubarb, grapefruit, blackberries, sugar snaps - The pork belly was pretty good. Yet, I did not feel the berries worked with the meat. 3) Spicy, bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis - I love eggplant, yet I felt the combination was on par to the other items we ordered. 4) Sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portobella-truffle toast, fried egg - This was surprisingly good, all this works well together 5) Bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli - This was one of the best items we ordered. So good, salivating thinking about it right now 6) We had a pasta dish served with crab meat. It's a must if you are to come to this restaurant.   7) baked muenster cheese, smoked chorizo, golden apples, crostini - This was just okay. Definitely can skip this 9) Moulard duck confit, english peas, honshimeji mushrooms, green garlic - This was delicious as the meat was very tender 9) Glazed-confit chicken wings, hoisin, five spice, sriracha - This tasted adequate. Nothing you can't get anywhere else. 10) Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs - I felt the sweetness did not mix well with the ribs We ended with the bacon doughnuts, which took half an hour or to be served as the food inspector randomly dropped by at 10pm. The waitress apologized and served us each a complimentary glass of champagne. My friends liked it, yet I thought it was pretty alright. Although, I enjoyed dinner; I was not entirely impressed. I definitely believe my sore throat manipulated my taste and thoughts of the food.
Yay! I AM A fan.  Came here with a bud and we sat in the glassed-in garden.  Pretty cozy, nice staff and delicious food.  There're cute surprises like the lovely pureed gazpacho .. uh, I'm going to say thimble, but it's something fancy like an amuse bouche, that comes before your meal.   The curried mussels were exxxxxcellent.  So was the spicy salmon on tempura.  The sliders were O-tay, not our favorite.  & it ends with a tiny cube of fruit for dessert.  All of the food has really nice presentation too.  I don't know, I'm a sucker for a good-looking plate. I loved the order of the menu starting from lightest to heaviest option.  I'm definitely coming back because almost every item on Traif's menu looks delicious. Also, Traif is a really nice date spot.  Hope folks I know reading this find this information relevant soon.. ahem.
Went here for a little mid-afternoon breakfast hungover brunch which seems to be a staple in the brooklyn community :P I immediately knew I need some sort of alcoholic drink to set my levels straight and went with the mimosa of the day which was lavender.  It was DELISH and did the trick.   They suggested that we get one of the share dishes from the menu as we did and well I wasn't that happy about it.  Peaches and cheese don't go together no offense. I then ordered the blueberry pancake ----- YUMMM antioxidants and fluffy buttery goodness - need I say more. My friend got the stuff french toast and said it wasn't bad and my other friend ordered the BEC sliders which he also liked.  The food is okay and hit the spot but I wouldn't go off the back end to get here to eat. I think it's also a little pricey for the quality.
Eating at Traif was a fantastic experience!  I came here with a chef friend of mine and my wife to celebrate her birthday.  Everything that we ordered was pretty much perfectly seasoned and presented nicely.  We ordered the mission fig salad, roasted duroc pork belly, moulard duck confit, terrine of foie gras, yogurt curry confit chicken wings, strawberry cinnamon glazed berkshire pork ribs, and for dessert we got the key lime pie and the bacon doughnuts.   The only dish that I didn't absolutely love was the pork belly.  There were some pieces that were overcooked and dry but the sauce made up for it. Another great thing is that all these dishes above were priced reasonably and portions were good size.  I believe it came out to $50 per person for food and we ate A LOT! My chef friend loved this place and said he'd recommend to all his patrons.  My wife and I shared the same views, telling all our friends about it.  I told them it was my L'Atelier of the tapas world.   Servers were nice and we even shook hands with the chef at the end of the night.  Perfect dinner. RECOMMEND!
4.5. So I really liked this place. I couldn't find too many things wrong with the dishes. Admittedly, the dishes are on the heavier side, but hey, their sign outside is a fat pig. The place is dimly lit, but it has a very upbeat ambience. We started with the whole-roasted head-on pink prawns, with black truffles, cognac, spring onions, and foie gras toast. 99% of the time, I hate eating shell-on shrimp. I just hate working for my food, especially sauced crustaceans. Somehow I end up forearm deep in sauce and I end up just wanting to take a shower. Regardless of the effort, it was worth it - very flavorful and delicious. I especially liked the foie gras toast. Because it's foie gras toast. Come on. Which is now illegal to serve in my home state of California. So sad. We moved on to a thick cut of pork belly covered in apples and persimmon, I think. Whatever it was, the apple-pork belly combo stole the show. It gave a great crisp, fresh, counterpunch to the heavier, fattier pork. I wished there had been more apples on it. My friend and I kind of started dueling over the remaining slices of fruit. I found Joe's chopped chicken livers with balsamic-bacon toasts, rosemary & shallots to be the only real disappointing dish. My friend liked it, but I prefer my chopped livers to be really flavorful, and I found it to be on the bland side. Oh and the bacon donuts? Awesome.
Came here on a thursday night. Decor is nice and simple. Drinks were blah. The tuna tartar was one of the best I've had. The duck confit was also good. The pork cheek was disappointing. Their menus change every day.
There was a 40 minute wait and the waitress told us to leave our number so that she could call us when a table was ready. How awesome is that? My friends and I were able to walk to a nearby bar and get a drink in before our meal. Our meal(s) were amazing. I was a little skeptical at first of the whole "tapas" style dining because, well, I eat a lot and need a lot of food to fill my stomach. These dishes looked so small but don't let it deceive you! It was enough food and delicious. There was 3 of us and we ordered 4 dishes plus a bottle of wine which amounted to about $120. Normally, I would say this is a bit pricey for a meal, but for an AMAZING meal, it was definitely worth it. I'm not sure if it's still on the menu, but their seared scallops and buttered corn, as well as their heirloom tomatoes with sweet cornmeal was perfect. I can't wait to go again.
Go for the chef selection. It is a really great culinary experience and a pretty good deal. Desserts were good but could have been as creative as the savory flights.
Went here late last night (around midnight) with my gf and had a wonderful meal.  We were seated in the back, there is a little covered porch/alcove area with a heater that was cosy and warm, very nice. The waitress informed us that the food is served family style, so 2-3 dishes per person since they are on the smaller side.  We ended up getting 6 (3 each) which was plenty of food, each dish is about the size of a generous appetizer/small entree. We got the burrata dish with grilled broccolini (they call it aspiration), the baked meunster cheese, strawberry/cinnamon glazed pork chops, mangalitza prosciutto foccacia rolls, sweetbreads and foie gras with fried egg dishes. Everything was excellent and delicious, the sweetbreads in particular were just lovely- a nice crisp on the outside and tender/creamy/fatty deliciousness.   Our waitress was very good also, attentive without being annoying and the service was overall very good. Definitely looking forward to coming back.
My husband and I love vectoring in Williamsburg. But for his birthday I looked up a real nice place to take him and I landed on this gem. First of all, MAKE A RESERVATION. Sometimes the wait can be for a hour. Fortunately, we didn't have to wait when we went. This place is extremely small. The chairs are on top of each other. I had to apologize to the woman sitting in back of me many times. But as soon as we arrive we loved the atmosphere. We had frog legs, cinnamon infused baby back ribs, and bacon doughnuts. They also gave us a complementary lentil soup at the beginning and a pineapple to refresh our palate at the end. Everything tasted amazing! Only problem was proportion because it is a restaurant that promotes shared plates. Everything about this place makes me want to come every night, besides the crap environment and proportion.
Great food for the price point. Have gone three times and have been pleased with the flavors and timing on most of the dishes. Favorites: Bacon wrapped dates, Tuna Tartare and maple-bacon doughnuts!
I have been there twice and they never fail to amaze me with their crazy mix of flavors.  Their cheese filled dates wrapped with bacon is AWESOME!  Risotto is excellent. Osso buco was scrumptious. Tasty!!!!!!!!!  I'm going there Tom again for brunch. I'm excited!!!
I thought Traif was going to be another snooty place that was way overpriced for something way undertasty. However, the food was positively scrumptious from the hamachi to the baked muenster to the broccoli rabe to the frog legs to the braised short rib sliders (I would take that  smoked paprika aioli intravenously). Service was friendly (thanks Alison!) and drinks were flowing. Go here. Make a reservation first though unless you want to wait 2 hours. The ONLY annoying thing was that this one dude kept coming and asking if we were done with our plate when there was one piece left. Relax, Guy. I'm going to eat it.
Man, I truly adore this place. I made reservations here for Mother's day--Mom deserves the best, you know. The staff was oozing with warmth and knowledge. Our waitress, Kate, made wonderful suggestions: bacon wrapped dates (holy moly!); seared scallops with pea risotto (oh ma lawd); sliders with sweet potato fries;  bone marrow; and the infamous bacon donuts (lawd have mercy!) I will be working my way back to you real soon, Traif.
My girlfriend and I came here today for brunch. The food was good. We got the pineapple, egg in the hole?, chicken and biscuits, and the bacon donuts. It was somewhat busy so the service wasn't the best but it was expected. The only thing that was fantastic was the egg in the hole with the brie and portobello mushroom. The rest was just ok. BUT I would have given Traif 3 stars if my girlfriend and I hadn't both gotten sick from eating here. I don't know exactly what it was (we think it was the chicken and biscuits though) but this was the only food we had all day and she felt nauseous and I had bowel movements that I do not want to describe on yelp. Maybe it was a one time deal but it was not pleasant.
Came here based on the ratings and the fact that they have BACON DONUTS.  I got a cocktail, fried chicken, and the bacon donuts for dessert. The good: BACON DONUTS.  Medium sized dough balls covered in dulce de leche with bacon bits on top (could've used more bacon or atleast real bacon...maybe it was...but it was all chopped up so who knows) and coffee ice cream.  I dont even like coffee ice cream but it was freaking good.   The bad: Took 25 mins to get served water and a cocktail.  Another 15 mins to get my food order taken.  I was brought the wrong dish twice.  All the waitstaff apparently hates each other and kept talking shit about each other the whole time.  (I was sitting at the bar near the cash register so I heard everything).  The restaurant manager kept bossing the waitstaff around and instructing them like kindergarteners.  Crowded as hell. Fried quail was greasy and just OK. $10 cocktail not great at all. Not worth the wait, having to listen to waitstaff and restaurant manager all night.  Took away all the enjoyment of my meal.  Won't be back.
At first I was sad and resentful this place came about where a'shay once stood. But I sucked it up and finally went in. I nearly ordered everything on the menu and nothing was disappointing :) I have found my new favorite restaurant and they rotate the menu (occasionally). The bartenders need work there are two who make excellent drink then there is one who needs to be trained a little more :/ I'm even tempted to try escargot 0_o I haven't yet but if I can fall in love with pork belly I think they will be the people to try an exciting dish with. A must try if you're ever around. It's a bit pricey but you won't be let down... Update. (I did not realize my review never was posted) I have since then been here many a times and tried the snail :D It was delicious.. I have yet to have a terrible or even bad experience. The chefs are very good at what they do in such cramped conditions. I wish it didn't get so dark inside, it makes me super sleepy, but its no biggy.
DONT GO TO TRAIF (so I don't have to wait so long). I have literally sung the praises of Traif, written poetry and declared my undying love for it. Everything I have ever eaten here has blown my mind. I dream and lust over their food. Traif is the beat thing Yelp has ever done for me, thank you Yelpers for giving me Traif. BTW Traif means something like not-kosher so expect lots of pork and shell fish. If you are Jewish/Muslim consider converting to any religion that will let you eat here. In fact convert to Traifism and come here to worship at the alter of life changing food. Traif, will you marry me?
My meal at Traif was one of the best I've ever had. The restaurant offers small plates so you order 3-4 for two people. Bacon wrapped figs, duck wings, sweet potato fries, rib sliders. Everything was fantastic. The cocktails were excellent, as was the complimentary soup to begin our dinner. I would say that the plates came out pretty quickly, but we arrived right before the evening rush and I'm glad we had our food before the other dozen tables were seated. For dessert we had bacon doughnuts with caramel sauce and coffee ice cream. BACON DOUGHNUTS. All in all this meal was one of the best I've ever had. We had soup, four courses, four drinks and dessert and the check was very reasonable. If you're in Williamsburg, make coming here a priority.
Awesome food. Lovely people. I thoroughly recommend.
The spetzel was great. The burrata also good! However for the cost of the meal, the rest was a miss. The server, a nice natural looking woman, was kind. The cocktails were too watery, and not the right amount. I can say that as I have poured many cocktails in my day. The ingredients were all food to bar super fresh. Barely a thank you when we left. For that amount of money, I would ask for more. Also the art is not so good and carpentry could be better. A face lift is in order.
If you read nothing else in this review- despite what Yelp thinks, Traif is on S.4th between Roebling and Havemayer (basically at the foot of the Bburg Bridge). The basic blah blah blah's: The decor can use a little help. The 2X2 Garden in the back is adorable, but the rest of the place is like an Art Deco meets bad graffiti art, at least it was dim. The wait staff was attentive and knowledgable. The wine list is fantastic and has a good amount of by the glass options. OK, so now for the real stuff...this restaurant is good, like really good. Obviously, you cant judge a book by its cover. The menu changes all of the time based on what's in season. We tried about 10 different small plates and all 3 of the desserts. By far the stand outs were the short rib sliders with sweet potato fries and smoked paprika aioli (I could drink the aioli, but I didnt). The bone marrow with white anchovies was an adventorous pick, but definitely paid off. The baked muenster cheese with chorizo was like a queso fundito, but got cold too quickly and didnt come with enough crisps. The spicy big eye tuna on tempura eggplant was a nice dish, but the eggplant didnt stand up to the mound of tuna on top and just felt kind of like a really greasy soggy piece of crostini. However, thats not to say I wouldnt order it again. For dessert, wow. I dont even know where to begin with this one sweet genius concoction. Knowing that they change their menu all of the time, I should have written down exactly what this was! t was like a caramel pudding (but not pudding) with dark cherrys, chocolate crisp and a home made creme with ground nuts on top. We all fought over the last bite of this dish. After that, they served us the bacon doughnuts, which were decent, but paled in comparison to the first dessert. More please.
Last Saturday night myself, my brother and one of my friends went to Traif. I had heard the great reviews and expected to have a great meal... and that we did. The restaurant itself is rather small but a nice venue. We were a little confused by the menu initially but the waitress explained how many plates would fill us up. The best things we had were- The Strawberry-Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Pork Ribs-yum, yum Baked Muenster Cheese, Smoked Chorizo, Golden Apples, Crostini (absolutely delicious melted cheese with big chunks of chorizo on the bottom. The apple added a nice freshness to the dish). Crispy Pork Belly, Cauliflower, Pepperoncini, Romesco, Parsley-Garlic   and Sauteed Broccoli Rabe, Roasted Portobello-Truffle Toast, Fried Egg Don't forget the Bacon Donuts!
I had been waiting to try Traif and a quiet low key Sunday brunch was perfect. I had the pumpkin pancake with cranberry comport and my boyfriend had the chicken and biscuits. We also shared the autumn salad. All excellent and all under $10! Hand crafted bloody marts and the mimosa of the day was cranberry. Can't wait to head back for dinner soon!
A trendy, romantic establishment with a large assortment of small, medium, and large dishes meant to be shared family style.  Their wine list is compact but well chosen.   We had the roasted brussel sprouts which lacked flavor and was a bit on the limp side.  The Berkshire pork belly with currants was unfortunately very dry in the lean parts but the fat part was very good, and the currant sauce was excellent.  The salt and pepper shrimp was just ok but the siracha sauce was excellent. What I loved was the duck confit risotto and the bacon doughnuts.  The risotto was a mixture of wild and Arborio rice which was prepared very well. The duck was fabulous.  The doughnuts were fried nicely with small bits of bacon dotting the maple glaze.  It was served with coffee ice cream which paired well with the smoky bacon.   I'd go back for the above two dishes!  Service was extremely friendly and they let us nurse our wine for 4 hours without giving us any stinkeye.
It may seem like a good idea at the time, but if you're only two people DO NOT ORDER 3 "small" plates each with a cheese plate back. You will pass out at the table, make the waiter call an ambulance, and worst of all, miss out on the BACON DOUGHNUTS!!! But seriously, just stop there. You could read the rest of this review, or other reviews, but just go there. Now. No, like right now! ... ... ... If you aren't already there, you're wrong. Anyway, the menu seems to change pretty frequently. The best things on it now are -broccoli rabe with fried egg on roasted portobella truffle toast (my god, that toast!) -sweet/spicy calamari with cracklings -duck confit lettuce wraps (ignore the lettuce, just eat the duck) The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was the crispy pork belly plate. It had a little bit of that naptha-like flavor that you'll get with pork belly dishes at some chinese places. It's not necessarily a bad thing, I just don't like it. The whole thing ended up being $80 for 7 large "small" plates and 2 cocktails. Easily could've gotten away with 4-5 plates instead. And bacon doughnuts.
I was so happily surprised after dining here the other night. I was expecting a ridiculous bill and maybe-just-ok food....Traif totally blew all my expectations out of the water. After we told the waitress it was our first time there, she brought out complimentary mini cups of gazpacho...excellent. Then ordered 4 different tapas, all of which were outstanding. I had the asparagus, the pork belly (YES!), the softshell crab -- delicious, and...the best....foie gras terrine. Could not stop eating this!!!! Even thinking about it now makes my mouth water. Amazing. Bacon donuts for dessert are a must....I thought they sounded pretty typical Williamsburg...again was totally unprepared for how delicious and delicate and anything but typical this dessert was. Also complimentary pineapple with pomegranate jelly at the end...nice little touch! With 2 $10 cocktails and 5 tapas, bill came to around $85. That is AWESOME, especially in this area where you can easily pay that same price for a very mediocre meal. I can't wait to go back and try some different things! Traif, thanks, you f-ing rule!
Banging scallops! Dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with blue cheese... An overall incredible meal down to the bacon dipped donuts to finish it off. Highly recommended. Quiet and intimate. The service was great, very attentive and knowledgeable. Overall the space is well designed, a bit 90s with the orange tiles by the cooks - didn't get to experience the backyard space but that looked like a hot spot for the warmer months. Check it out!
This place is worth a try. The food is delicious and the service is on-point. My buddy and I shared six plates and a bottle of wine (romantic, I know). We had the ricotta, scallops, soft-shell crab, seared foie gras, sweetbreads, and spicy nduja. Everything was delicious. The chef and staff did a great job! I'll surely see you all again.
I've been trying to go to Traif for a few months now and everytime I head over, its packed and I end up going somewhere else.   Well this Saturday, my fiancee and I were able to slip in for brunch, FINALLY!  We came in about 12:30 and the place was only about 60% full.  I started worrying that Traif has lost its appeal and we were in for a sub-par meal.  But within 2 minutes, the place was full with a small waiting list.   We were not disappointed in the food.  It was fantastic.  I highly, highly suggest the Bacon, Egg, and Cheese sliders for brunch.  Not some wimpy thin slice of bacon here, you get a slab of pork belly!  Also the accomopaning sweet potato fries were the perfect size and delightfully crispy! The only reason I am not giving Traif a 5 star is because of the service.  The girl with the water came by 15 times, but our drinks took a good 15 minutes.  AND I saw tables who came in after us get their drinks before us.  We are usually 2 drink brunchers each but due to the slow service, we had our second drink around the corner.
Saturday night dinner. Three entrees. One Beverage. Chopped chicken liver (room temperature) w/ balsamic-bacon toast= okay strawberry cinnamon ribs (cold)= okay pork belly with lentil and grapes= FABULOUS Red Pearl (too sour and dry) = um, no comment Overall my experience was just that..Okay..The pork belly with the lentil and grapes was a very delicious dish. If I do go back to this restaurant I will order the pork belly and whatever the chef is cooking on stove. The staff were excellent!
I'm a fan!! I'd wanted to come here for a while after reading so many reviews, and it definitely lived up to the hype. You HAVE to order the eggs in a nest which are absolutely delicious. Truffle oil, portobello mushrooms and cream. Need I say more? The staff are really attentive and happy. Love this place!!
Food: 23 Service: 21 Decor: 20 Try and take advantage of their tasting menu.  As for the ever so popular strawberry ribs,  take a pass.  Though very tender(why wouldn't they be), sauce is poorly balanced.  Order them and you'll know what I am talking about.
Came here for brunch with a couple of girlfriends. Umh the chicken with gravy over a biscuit was delicious! It was very tasty unlike pies n thighs bland chicken. Everything blended really well. My friend had the pork belly sliders and being the little piggy I am I tried it umh!!! I told myself I had to go back for pork belly so I did... Went there with my boyfriend for dinner, and had more yummy pork dishes that were pleasing to the palate and of course had the chicken over biscuit again ;) oh yeah he's a fan now too
Is it wrong for me to be writing this review on Yom Kippur? Went on a Monday night or some such time when they had a certain menu that was more like tapas, so I can't speak to their normal menu. But the small appetizers were phenom. The seasonal vegetables fried in tempura were great, although it was at times hard to tell the different veggies apart. The sauce with it was amazing. I loved the crab legs stuffed with someone else not kosher. Maybe pork? Whatever. Delicious. Also of serious note were the drinks. My dinner date got the one that you are only allowed to order one of because it is about two feet tall and a delicious equivalent of a long island iced tea. Get that. I had a tequila drink that was sweet and delicious and lasted through the entire meal despite being very small and me being an... ahem... experienced drinker of tequila. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The minus star was because it was super hot inside (open stove *in* the restaurant) and there was no seating in the garden. They did turn the A/C on for us which was nice, though why it wasn't on in the first place doesn't really make sense to me.
Went here for brunch a few weeks ago...and it was really enjoyable...the food was delicious and well put together....it was a nice atmosphere, not too expensive either!
I really enjoyed dining here. My bf took me here for my birthday. I loved every dish we had. My favorite dish was the Seared scallop and butterfish! I was sad when I took the last bite cause I wanted more. Thats how yummy it was! We also had the shortrib slider, the pulled pork is so juicy. The baby back ribs was glazy and sweet. The meat falls off the bone! To me, thats good ribs! We also had the bake Muenster cheese. It was yummy and cheesy. Worth the try if you are a cheese lover but not worth the price. We finished with the bacon donut. That was amazing! Lastly, the service was beyond exceptional. The way they time the dishes to come to your table right after you finish the previous dish deserves an applause. Waiter was tenative and nice. I immediately recommend this place to my friends and already planning when to come back to try the other things i wasn't able to try!
Service amazing, not invasive, with the right amount of attentiveness. Dishes +++ scallops on butternut squash puree; strawberry cinnamon ribs (melt off the bone yum!), ++salt and pepper shrimp + foie gras with apricot sorbet (too sweet, but good for a specific type of pallet) Dessert +++key lime pie (amazing) Drinks +++Red Pearl (amazing flavor, really interesting); Tempranillo Rioja '10 (very much enjoyed). Atmosphere Intimate, perfectly suited for a date. The back covered outdoor area is more suited for slightly larger groups (up to 5 per table) with a more festive atmosphere. Overall, 5 stars are well deserved.
Tried the eggina-nest, brie-roast portabella grilled cheese, truffle cream. One of the best brunch meals I've ever had. Crunchy soft toast and perfectly salty. Side salad, delicious as well. Only wish they served cappuccino (only black coffee available) - then it'd definitely be 5 stars.
This place is so amazing. Very cozy, comfy and intimate. We decided to ask the waiter to surprise us and bring us whatever she liked. The TUNA TAR TAR was orgasmic! Then they brought a bacon broth shot it was so cute and yummy. The rest of the meal was so good. We kinda went into a trance and totally forgot what everything was called. The key lime was amazing. In love with this place and will be back soon.
I have the same feeling about Traif as I did leaving the theater after seeing True Grit a few weeks back.  I wanted to like it, everyone told me I would like it, bit I was just underwhelmed and more than a bit confused. Music was way too loud for an already loud restaurant.  Waitstaff was a bit absent, reliant upon the busboys to deliver the dishes with little explanation/knowledge of what we were eating. Timing of small plates and pairings was actually great until it came to the end, when we waited 15 minutes for the cassoulet, which arrived like a pork and bean bomb at the end of the meal. And the thing that puzzled me the most:  TV at the bar broadcasting the Food Network.  Ironic use of cable programming?  Nod to earnest foodies who all but packed Traif on a Tuesday night?   Need Coen Brothers translation for this one. What we ate: Brussels Sprouts  (delicious and unique) Broccoli Rabe (one of a kind with fried egg and truffle, like a BKLYN Toad in the Hole) Beet Salad (goat cheese was unique and good quality, but the rest of the salad was nothing special) Scallops (looked great plated, but overcooked on one side so difficult to chew) Calamari (too sweet and saucy for my taste) Rock Ship (suffered same fate as the calamari, too sweet and saucy) Pork Cassoulet:  (Inedible.  Dense lentil and sausage/bacon soup with noodles) Keylime Pie: Very homemade. Not too sweet with right balance of flavors.
I had very high expectations of Traif given the Yelp reviews. The restaurant started off on a bad foot with me due to the unfriendly hostesses. At first they told me my table would be ready at the time of my reservation (I had arrived early). Then when it came time, I asked if I could be seated only to be told that I had to have the entire party present. Finally when my friend arrived, she had to go ask them to be seated but apparently I had to close out my tab at the bar first (why I couldn't just add it to my bill later I don't know). I then paid and once again walked over to them to get seated... This poor service would have been okay if the food was spectacular. The only dish that blew us away was the short rib sliders. They were so tender and bursting with flavor. The scallops were incredibly salty, the pork belly chewy and tough. The foie gras with egg was good, but definitely not even close to the sliders. The famed bacon donuts were just alright. We were completely stuffed with 4 dishes even though they recommend 4-6 for two people. Would not go out of my way for this place again.
Damn, Traif is amazing! I'm weary of over-hyped restaurants leading to an expensive disappointing experience but our dinner was sincerely fantastic. A girl in our group had dinner at Blue Hill for her birthday a few weeks back and said Traif was better... My friends raved about the cocktails. Strong and delicious. Also, I read some comments about rude/pretentious service and definitely had the opposite experience. Staff was very friendly, courteous, and attentive! Favorites: *Burrata- AMAZING *Roasted carrots *Fried shrimp- great balance of spicy and sweet *Scallops *Short rib sliders- Sweet potato fries done right! I could have ate an entire plate of them. The sliders were really good and if you had to choose, we agreed sliders beat ribs. Great: *Spaetzle *Pork Belly *Berkshire baby back ribs- tender and flavorful but on the sweet side (duh, strawberry cinnamon glaze) *Broccoli Rabe- surprisingly heavy but yummy *Bacon doughnuts I would pass on the blue crab salad with polenta and baked Munster cheese.
What's not to like about a place that has a hanging pig sign and serves bacon doughnuts? BACON DOUGHNUTS!! Food is fantastic, the ambiance is great. The staff is helpful and is quick to suggest their favorites. Menu changes periodically, though some are permanent staples (pulled pork sliders... your mouth goes through an OMGWTF moment, in a good way). Come, enjoy, try the drinks (Rude Little Pig, with a bacon salt rim!), don't be afraid to try different dishes. And dont leave without trying the bacon doughnuts or the grandma's key lime pie!
Have been back to Traif 2-3 times since the last review, most recently for Valentine's Day 2013, and just need to shout it out, yet again. It is now the gold standard for me. Every time, every bite validates every dollar spent x 3.  We just went to Marietta in Clinton Hill, and even though it was mind-blowingly good: still not quite Traif. Traif, I love you.
Considering the pork them we had 4 or 5 items all focused on pork including the bacon "salted" martini which was the only time I have thought that bacon didn't enhance a dish and since it is a drink we'll overlook it.   We liked every dish so I wont go into the details.  One of our favorite restaurants.  They were busy when we were there several months ago and with the buzz they are getting assume they are busy and plan your evening accordingly.
FIVE STARS!! YAY! I finally got to try Traif out and I am in LOVE LOVE LOVE!! We ordered a bunch of dishes to share, but my favorite one was the scallops with risotto. SO GOOD! The place is cozy and nice. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The only thing that bothered me was the tight seating. The tables were too close to each other. But overall, FIVE STARS!! I cannot wait to try out the rest of the menu! Mmm :)
I went back for a friend, and I'm glad I did. My friend loved it, and I had no complaints. In fact, this review is going to be slightly more positive. We had great drinks and good food. Drinks: I wanted to try something new, so based on the server's recommendation, I ordered the Apple drink. I do not remember the name, but it was refreshing. Pretty much an alcoholic apple cider. *shrug* Food: (1) Tuna tartare. Very refreshing and fresh. Tasty. (2) Broccoli rabe with truffle toast and fried egg. Very heavy but delicious. Indulgent. (3) Short rib sliders. MMM. That bread was buttery and soft, and it went perfectly with the sweet short ribs. Sweet potato fries were amazing too. (4) Seared Foie. Had to get it again. I love it with the fried egg. Another rich and indulgent dish, but they sear the foie so well. (5) Softshell crab. Not pieces, but the entire small softshell crab with a delectable avocado mixture. I love softshell crab, and I love avocado. Perfect dish for me. (6) Bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream. I have yet to want to try another dessert dish because this dish is always such a great choice. Crispy bacon bits. Fluffy, fresh doughnuts. Mmm. Can't go wrong. All in all, I love the shared plates concept because I love to try new dishes, so let me retract my previous statement. I WILL return to Traif as long as anyone wants to go because I have yet to try ALL of their dishes, so until I do... I'm down to go back.
OH. MY. GOD. Since mine will be the billionth 5 star review here I won't go into details-just go. Go now.
Everything was perfect at this place.  It's family styled tapas dishes, we ordered 10 things among 4 people: every dish was unique, interesting and delicious.  The specialty cocktails were all on point too, as good as you'll find at dedicated mixology bars.  And our waitress was incredibly nice.  Finally, prices were reasonable.  What more could you ask for?
5 star for food. We had brussel sprout salad, back ribs, butterfish, scallops and bacon donuts with coffee ice cream as desert. Dishes were served quickly and at right time. Service was attentive. The service and food made us feel like dinning in a fancy restaurant but with a more casual atmosphere. I will definitely go back!
For all Manhattan dwellers that are in search of a relatively undiscovered culinary gem, cross the Williamsburg bridge and you will find it. This place is so unassuming that you wouldn't know your about to have the best meal of the month - until you order the tuna tartar, which is creatively served on a bed of fried eggplant! The small plates style is perfect because it allows you to try all the joy this place has to offer, like the bacon crusted doughnut or the strawberry glazed ribs. Service was attentive and friendly and they paced the food allowing us to enjoy very dish on its own.
Wow, one of the best meals I've ever had!! Loved the complementary sweet potato soup. If they served it in a bowl and charged $10 for it, I wouldn't complain! We ordered the big eye tuna on top of eggplant tempura, strawberry glazed short ribs, guinea hen on top of radicchio, seared scallops, broccoli rabe with truffled toast, and the pork belly. The only dish that didn't knock our socks off was the hen but everything else was amazing, especially the scallops, broccoli rabe, and tuna. I'm not a huge fan of bacon but the bacon doughnuts were my absolute favorite dish of the night. Perfect little poofs of fried dough (kidney shaped according to my bf) sitting on dulce de leche, sprinkled with crunchy bacon bits on top, with a side of the strongest coffee ice cream I've ever had. I almost ordered another round of these! I'm usually very hesitant to go to restaurants that serve 'small plates' because that usually means we'll have to spend a lot of money to get full. Not the case at Traif! The portions were much larger than anticipated so 6 dishes + 1 dessert was the perfect amount for 2 people. Ambiance was lovely, especially in the enclosed garden area in the back. The wait staff was informative about the dishes and plates were cleared from our table efficiently. I can't find any negatives about my meal here! I will be back!
I suppose a great review of this place is redundant at this point, but I am MORE than happy to help maintain their high rating. To echo the sentiment of so many other reviews, this was a nearly flawless dining experience (unless you're the white tablecloth, hand-and-foot sort, but who really is anymore these days?). I was wary of the frantic scene in here upon entering, but that's what I get for walking into a happening new restaurant at 10pm or so, on a Friday, no less. The fact that we were seated at the bar and ordering drinks about 10 minutes later is a testament to Traif's true desire to accommodate and satisfy their obviously rabid, and rapidly expanding fan base. Tanner, behind the bar (where we ended up eating), was a true pro, and treated my girlfriend and me like great friends he hadn't seen in a while. I would return for his service, alone. And then there's the food: here is where I will show some restraint (as the chef and his crew so expertly do, as well) -- the gaggle of other 5 star reviews cover the glory of the entire menu quite deftly. To summarize: bottle of wine, amuse, truffle toast, meatballs, ribs, foie. Perfect amount for two people, and I would recommend any and all of it. To anyone. To EVERYONE. And then Tanner topped us off with some shot that made me forget the last three minutes of the evening, but when I came to, I knew something good happened. Hype is hype, but Traif is the real deal. Super happy to have another solid spot in the neighborhood. Thanks, Traif. I'll be back.
I'm not sure if this restaurant can get any more New York (or Brooklyn I guess). It screams high-end hipster and don't-come-here-if-you're-not-in-the-foodie-scene right when we walked in. The menu is meant to be shared, and we ordered about 8 dishes and some drinks. Everything tasted really rich so I couldn't eat very much of any one dish. But it was all very, very good. I left feeling a little bit cooler than before. And next time, I'm definitely trying the tasting menu.
Amazing. Great variety on the menu while still staying in the realm of contemporary American. The specialty drinks where great too, especially the tequila one with bacon on the rim of the glass. It's a great place to bring several people so you can share and try more things on the menu (which changes daily). Can't wait to go back when it's warmer and sit out on the patio.
The food is phenomenal; well crafted, balanced, and nuanced. I am in love. ... The service, however,  is typical Williamsburg.
I was really excited to try Traif after all the great reviews. I rarely go to tapas styled restaurants or places whose menu frequently changes so I was a little out of my element. First of all the service and ambiance was near perfect, a fantastic place to bring a date. I enjoyed the open kitchen right by the diners where you can see exactly what's going on. Most of the small plates are around $8-10, and the few larger (non tapas) plates are $14-18. I think sharing 4-5 small plates or sharing 2 plates and getting a large plate is a good way to go (basically figure $40-50pp). The place isn't the cheapest but you get what you pay for here. Oh and don't forget dessert, share a couple plates of that as well to end a great meal. I'll definitely be back to try some of the many dishes I didn't have a chance to try. The dishes I had this past visit were: Salt & Pepper Spicy White Shrimp, Golden Pineapple, Sweet Potatoes: This also came with green beans. The green beans were slightly over cooked but ultimately this was one of my favorite dishes because the shrimp was amazing. The shrimp were fried but the tissue thin crispy exterior was so delicate that I didn't feel like it could really be considered "fried", beyond the exterior the shrimp was cooked perfectly, the best I've ever had. BBQ and Pomagrante Glazed Baby Back Pork Ribs: These were also delicious and cooked quite well, they came with 5 ribs which was weird because it's meant to share and it was messy to eat with all the sweet glaze but Traif provides you with a small bowl of warm water to rinse you hands after you're done. They weren't the biggest or best ribs I've ever had and a little more smokiness would have been nice but overall it was still a great dish. BBQ Braised Short Rib Sliders, Sweet Potato Fries, Smoked Paprika Aioli: These were heavanly, really something I took as long as possible to eat so I could savor them. The uber tender shredded short rib meat with a subtle buttery bbq sauce went perfectly with the potato roll. The sweet potato fries were also amazing. Baked Muenster Cheese, Smoked Chorizo, Golden Apples, Crostini: This was sort of a dissapointment. It wasn't quite a meal type dish nor was it a proper fondue. The ramekin of cheese had a lot of butter in it, really overpowering the taste and the little pieces of smoked chorizo buried at the bottom of the cheese weren't strong enough to power through the buttery cheese. There also wasn't enough crostini to deal with the amount of cheese given. I'd pass on this dish in future visits. Bacon Donuts with dulce del leche and coffee ice cream: You get 4 dumpling sized pillows of ultra soft dough drizzled with a sweet dulce del leche sauce and little bacon bits served along side a very flavorful small scoop of coffee ice cream. I thought this was a good dessert but wasn't blown away as much as a lot of other reviews have been. It also would have been good to have less sauce on the plate and a little cup of it to dip into instead. Nutella mousse with pears and chocolate bark: This was basically a mousse dessert with a few little pieces of pears at the bottom of the cup and a couple small pieces of chocolate bark resting on top. I thought the taste was great but the texture was off. I like a firmer mousse and this was a little too soupy for my liking.
What a great place if you're in the mood for good food - tapas style - and a unique wine list.  The pork belly is insane.  The staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  It's on the pricey side, but the artful culinary experience is well worth it.
Wonderful experience. Our server Whitney was great. The food was delicious. Definitely recommend the tuna tartare and the scallops! My girlfriend claimed that the rabbit dish was one of the best things she's ever tasted.
Now, I'm not Jewish - but rumor has it that "Traif" is the word for everything NOT kosher in hebrew.  Boy is that name SPOT FREAKING ON! I had the group menu as I was there for a birthday (the birthdayee also reviewed her dinner on yelp and gave it 4 stars).  Some of the highlights? BACON DONUTS! Bacon cocktails, and everything to do with pork.  I might not have known everything that went into my mouth by name, but holy cow, it was all amazingly delicious.  They were friendly to our large group, the service was great, and the food was amazing. Truly a trifecta of awesomeness - only not given 5 stars as I feel I need to eat off the regular menu before giving it that ranking...
Where do I begin to describe how awesome Traif is?  Let's start with the reservations.  After weeks of reservation making and changing, I finally got a date that worked.  The girl on the phone was really patient with me and even called me the day of to make sure I was still set for dinner that day.  Seriously though, folks, make a reservation! And if possible, ask if you can get a seat in the glass canopy area in the back.  It looked so nice in the early evening and it's probably better lighting in that area for picture taking! By 7:00pm, the small space filled up quickly.   The dishes are tapas style and go from small to large down the menu list.  My friend and I ordered 4 small to medium dishes and it was enough food to be quite full! Salt & pepper shrimp: DELICIOUS! There were sweet potato chunks in this dish that I absolutely LOVED and I'm not usually a huge fan of sweet potatoes.  The shrimp was breaded in a nice batter and super juicy and crunchy.  The dish was not too flavorful or salty and the portion was satiating. Icy blue mussels: The mussels were soaked in a pesto pea soup.  Don't neglect the delicious fluffy buttered toast wedges on the side.  They were soooo delicious!  The mussels were served in a generous portion.  I wasn't as big of a fan of the peas as my friend was. Strawberry-cinnamon glazed Berkshire baby back ribs: AMAZING.  My favorite dish of the night! The meat fell right off the bone.  The tenderness of the meat was paired with a nice BBQ sauce made of cinnamon and strawberry reduction.  The cinnamon aspect was really unique, but not too overwhelmingly pungent. BBQ, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries, smoked paprika aioli: The sliders are about 3-4 bites so don't expect anything extravagantly large.  The short ribs resembled something similar to pulled pork - shredded and juicy.  The sweet potato fries were fried lightly so they had the perfect texture.  The smoked paprika aioli was great, but moderate - it's a bit salty! Unfortunately, we so full that we didn't have any room for the infamous bacon doughnuts, but I'll definitely be back for more!  The menu changes month to month so I'm looking forward to trying something new.
Almost missed reviewing this place as it was cute but not to be forgotten. Although we had a reso for another night, we decided to take the train DT after Book of Mormon (another must see) and walked right in to sit at the bar.  And it was much better than going anywhere stuffy in mid-town or above 14th, that's for certain. Quite a young, hip and casual crowd and a perfect way to end a perfect eve and day that started out at the Transit Museum (another must see in Brooklyn Heights). The hostess was extremely pleasant both in person and on the phone so kudos to her (not sure if it was the same one both times) as was the bartender. He was a cool hipster-actor dude who turned out to be from YYZ so that was fun, too. The only downside was it was so extremely hot, (as is NY this time of year) and although I wore a short, lightly knit dress it was almost impossible to bear. That and there was only one BR per gender which is of course the norm in these parts. But getting here was easy and I'd highly recommend it (although we had to pretty much walk in the dark off the subway to get there as google maps steered us out of the way). I combed the rewiews and this was what we decided on although I have to say that the burger looked amazing. It was fun to dine at the bar and watch them cook. A few standouts: 1. strawberry-cinnamon glazed berkshire baby back ribs- (delicious but not big enough of course), 2. fresh mission figs & its mostarda, burrata cheese, shaved foie, thai basil, hazelnuts, balsamic-delicious 3. hamachi carpaccio, avocado mousse, pluots, tarragon, asparagus, truffle-soy-sesame 4.seared dayboat scallops, snap & english pea risotto, caper-tomato-lemon brown butter 5. and of course, the donuts for dessert-they really were as good as people said they were! cocktails (ask for a light not too sweet one if you are like me). Overall, definitely rec. by me, esp. if you want to get out of the city and experience Billyburg at night. Too bad we were too stuffed to go to the cool little bar up the street that they also own. 4.5 stars.
Came for dinner on a Wednesday evening and the place was pretty full. Started with a drink at the bar then had the tasting menu. For 440 per person, it was a great deal. We got 4 plates of food and dessert. All of the food was cooked and seasoned well with fresh ingredients. Because of the proximity to a subway and the good value for the food, Traif is a place worth visiting
Love love love! Went for Valentine's Day dinner and the food, service and atmosphere rocked. Def a new go to for me!
5 stars because decor is great, service was very good despite it being packed.  Drinks were unbelievably good and can't wait to go back to try some more of their delicious menu items.  Oh and ran out of good things to say because it's just perfect!
Order anything! You won't regret it. My friends and I tried the sliders, the broccoli rabe, the pork belly, the pork cheek, some cheese dish, and the maple bacon donuts with coffee ice cream. We loved everything! Definitely coming back!
The food was really really interesting, but I felt that it was a bit hit or miss. It's all smallish plates (but not tiny). Six choices for two people who eat a lot was VERY filling. Get four if you don't overeat on the regular. The great: the burrata and the roasted carrot salad. The burrata was perfectly creamy, with a really interesting "grilled aspiration" (whatever that is) of something and some lovely bitter notes in the sauce. I would go there again just for that. The roasted carrot salad was a mixed green salad with cheesy bits mixed in. It was perfectly balanced. The good: the cinnamon-strawberry ribs. The meat fell off the bone, and if I liked ribs more, I would have loved it. The OK: the foie gras, the toasted spaetzle, and the key lime pie. The foie gras had a weird tough texture on the outside, and was like liver added to a fried egg, bacon, and maple syrup. The toasted spaetzle was greasy and flavorless. I wouldn't get either of those again. The key lime pie was good, but like every other key lime pie I've ever gotten, nothing special. The service was great, and I asked for a non-alcoholic cocktail. The result was amazing - some sort of minty spritey thing. I could have had six. Too often, "craft cocktails" are gross and bitter. This was perfectly balanced. I'm knocking off a star for the noise. It was REALLY REALLY loud. Like, I was raising my voice to be heard and couldn't hear my date. This is a dimly-lit romantic place. It shouldn't be so shouty. The new "no sound insulation" trend in restaurants is awful.
Do not miss the hot-cold heirloom tomatoes and creamed corn or the strawberry cinnamon baby back ribs. The latter sounds bizarre but the taste profile is fantastic. The small plates, the beautiful presentation, the great favors all made this a perfect meal. I particularly love a bar that makes an amazing mock-tail! And yes, do not miss the bacon donuts and coffee ice cream
I'll keep this short and sweet, the experience was out of this world. loved it from the shot of soup they started us with to the check, honestly! We were a party of two and decided to treat ourselves on a Thursday evening. made reservations and went to the restaurant, small, cozy and hidden. we ordered four plates, the shrimp (spicy, tasty, flavorful with yam and pineapple), the scallops over lentil, so good, pork belly, another delicious dish and the beet and goat cheese, my least favorite because of the goat cheese, but it's my taste, also not "beet-y" enough for me. we had to order the bacon donut dessert and coffee ice cream. and it was my first time having bacon in my dessert, and now i just realized how much I've missed!! they gave us a cube of watermelon, tiny but sweet, and really just a great way to end the meal. we ended up being very full, paying ~34 a person, and for that experience, i think it was well worth it. that was last week, and I'm going back with more friends this week!!
Ok. So I'll qualify this review by saying I do not eat pork. After a 0.5 mile walk through a very sketchy neighborhood from the train, I observed a sidewalk of restaurant spillage and veered right to observe the tiniest eatery known to man. Traif is packed, LOUD, hot and VERY small.  I'm 5'9 and my date was considerably taller so we painfully squeezed ourselves into the preschool seating in front of us.  I was excited by the turn out and decided to order a combo of six small plates, all seafood. Traif has some of the most creative cuisine that I've ever come across. The food was decent but I'd stay away from the butterfish carpaccio. The shrimp dishes were lovely and I really enjoyed the fried calamari. I think I'd definitely go back but try my hand at the seared scallops. That seemed to be a favorite.
A prominent Yelper wrote that Traif was his favorite restaurant.  At the time, he reviewed 700 or 800 restaurants.  I wouldn't go as far to say this is my favorite restaurant, but it comes close.  And if I wanted to impress friends with the NYC culinary scene, it's hard to do better than Traif. Ambiance is dark, muted, and intimate.  The tables are not bumped up next to each other (a pet-peeve of mine) so you're not engaged in your neighbor's conversation.  Very date appropriate.  Another prominent Yelper said there was a TV (another pet peeve of mine).  Either it was missing or wasn't on, since I didn't notice it. The 2nd Yelper went on to say that while the food is delicious, it lacks subtlety, balance, and complexity.  I agree with this sentiment. Yes, the food is prepared with a dwarven mace rather than an elven bow.   Yes, the flavors are bold and apologetic.  Like a jpeg image where the color saturation is set to full to produce an almost cartoonish effect.  But it's a restaurant whose foundations are built on pork and shellfish.  You're not exactly coming here for subtlety. Service was perfect.  Our waitress was a bit flirty in a friendly way and very interactive.  Helpful in food selection.  Attentive despite the place being packed. Food style is tapas.  The dishes are small and easily shareable.  I think it works best if you're 3 or 4 people.  More than 4 and some of the dishes will have to be cut a bit too small.  Less than 3 and it becomes less of a tapas sized serving.  I went with my cuñado and my wife.  We ordered 8 dishes.  I entered a food coma at dish 6 and couldn't eat the last two dishes.  The best strategy is to order 2 dishes per person and then order as you go from there. Hampshire Pork Belly: A The perfect pork belly.  Presented beautifully which belies the fact that you're eating delicious fatty pork fatmeatfat.  If you like greasy fatty pork belly, this is it, but served as a gourmet looking dish.  Served with a salsa of tomato, leek, sugar snaps, asiago, cheddar, and bacon.  Yes, Virginia.  There's bacon crumbled onto the pork belly.  It's the 8th wonder of the world and the bane of the pig world. Strawberry Cinnamon Baby Back Ribs: A The glaze was a hair sweeter than I like, but the meat was soft enough to be cut easily with a fork and expertly cooked.  The meat has a great sear due to the caramelized strawberry sugars. Short-Rib Sliders: A These are great pulled pork sliders.  My brother-in-law is Cuban/Honduran, and said that this was better than any Cuban pulled pork we could think of.  The bread was as soft as an angel's butt.  Comes with sweet potato fries (perhaps fried in bacon fat?) and a smoked paprika aioli (like a chipotle).  PROTIP: You're supposed to use the aioli with the fries, but it goes FANTASTICALLY on the sliders as well!!! Pork Cheeks: A Soft and fatty.  Served on a bed of grain I couldn't identify, a starchy vegetable I couldn't identify, and dolops of green lentil soup. Bacon Fat Focaccia: B The only thing on the menu I didn't love.  Matteo R. said the food was cooked without subtlety or balance.  I agree somewhat, and this is what happens when you do that.  This dish would be great in another context, but next to such larger than life dishes of pure sweet pork indulgence, it seemed very plain.  PROTIP: Skip this one.  It's great, but you have so many other things to try! Broccoli Rabe: A- Cooked in bacon grease.  The chef was able to cook it to the point of being very soft but still very broccoli rabe flavored. Spring Cassoulet: B Good, but not on par with the other dishes.  Sausages were a bit plain.  Good polenta, though. Dayboat Scallops: A+ Served on a bed of snap & english pea risotto and topped with a lemon-caper brown butter and a tomato chive salsa.  As an ex-physicist researcher, I'm intelligent enough to (mostly) stay away from works like "the most" or "the least" or "the best/worst", but I will make an exception here.  This was the best scallop dish I've ever had anywhere.  It was the most expertly cooked, most expertly presented scallops.  Anywhere.  This blows away any seafood restaurant I've been to in NY, SF, DC, or Tokyo. Braided Bread: A Served gratis.  A delicious braided bread, soft and warm, served with a ricotta spread and a bacon/bacon bit marmalade.  PROTIP: This is nice to start your meal with. Keylime Pie: A I didn't care for the pineapple marmalade, but the dollop of cream was a beautiful addition.  The pie itself was perfect as was the graham crust. Bacon Doughnuts: A Sweet bacon glaze with bacon crumbles on a perfect doughnut.  PROTIP: You'll be sorry if you don't get this. Coffee: A No espresso, but the coffee is marvelous.  It's oddly difficult finding good coffee at NYC restaurants.
This place is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at in NYC. Just go. Good for groups of friends or tables for two.
I have such a love /hate relationship with this place. Sometimes, the food is stellar, the wine keeps flowing, and I keep smiling, enjoying the company of my bf. Other times the food is a wretched mess. I don't know does this place play russian roulette with my food; oh we shall serve you crap today? I think it has to do with the extensive menu, it's great for the place, but keep your fingers crossed for a good night!!
I want to start this review by making it very clear that I am NOT a Tapas kind of girl. So when my friend suggested this for girl's night, I immediately wanted to say no. I like full meals (sometimes 2 or 3 at once, lol) and I think expensive snacks (also known as Tapas) are a complete waste. Then, I encountered Traif. There is no restaurant in Brooklyn better than Traif, hands down. Not one!! And trust me, I've tried them all. I like most of them, but this one I LOVE. So, the experience: At the door, you're greeted by the most polite hostess who sets the mood for the rest of the night (everyone in this place is polite). You walk in to this super serene, relaxed and laid back ambiance. Real flame candles, dim lights...it's perfect for a first date, girls night out or 50th wedding anniversary. There is nothing you can't celebrate here (that is, if you're not interested in the "yell at me from across the table because I can't hear you over this awful, obnoxiously loud music" environment). NOTE: I went on a Wednesday night. The place is not too overly decorative, but very cute and simple (which is totally what I'm into if you couldn't tell by now). Then there was Whitney. Our server was nothing short of the epitome of everyone's dream waitress. She was friendly, witty, spunky, super cool, knowledgeable and eager to help my friends and I out with our first Traif night. I'll be requesting Whitney as my server every time I go back. The menu, will intimidate you if you're into simplicity. DO NOT LET IT SCARE IT. You absolutely can not go wrong. Find one ingredient you like in the description and order that dish. LOL! It's that easy. But my girls and I went for the Chef's Choice option (suggested by Whitney, another reason why she's so amazing) and we did not dislike 1 dish. Not 1!! Out of 9. I'm a vegetarian and my friends are not. But Whitney told the chef and he was gracious enough to accommodate us by limiting the meat entrees (though he sent a few, it's only fair) and sending us plenty of vegetarian & carnivore friendly dishes. I can not remember everything we had, but I love the cheese dip thing with the apple and cracker bread. The scallops were to die for. My friends would not stop raving about the pork belly. The tuna tartar on eggplant tempura was EVERYTHING, we also had these spicy shrimp w/ pineapple, sweet potato and snapped peas, MY GOODNESS!! But my absolute fav was the fried cauliflower. Ladies and gentlemen, do NOT leave this place without blessing your taste buds with the only bit of BLISS they'll ever experience. My mouth began watering just thinking about it. Drinks were pretty good. They were all foreign, so I asked Whitney to suggest something according to what I like and she hit the head on the nail. I forget the name of it (something with Red or Ruby or something like that) but it had a refreshing taste to start and ended with a kick (something about chili) and it was to die for. I didn't think I'd like it by reading the description, but I ordered another. Then, there was dessert. :) This is part of the Chef's Choice which is the best option for your first experience. We had Key Lime Pie (I hate key lime pie, but I ripped this one to shreds...understand that it was the best of everything wrapped up into one), Bacon Fried Donuts (the chef left the bacon off for me, still overly delicious and that coffee ice-cream is PERF) and lemon infused watermelon chunks (simple, but the perfect end to the night). I can't say enough about the awesomeness of this place. If you take nothing else from this review, take this: Do not believe any ONE negative thing you've heard or read. You must experience it for yourself. So it seems to be a little pricey? You get what you pay for. I'm the frugal queen; but I believe in quality. Definitely worth every dime I spent. Even if Tapas isn't your thing, GO!! You won't be disappointed. I'm very picky, but Traif is what EVERYONE needs. Enjoy now and thank me later.
everything was amazing. great staff. GO NOW . .. NOW
Came here on a whim on a tuesday and the place was packed (always a good sign) The hostess told us the bar down the block at Xixa (sister restaurant) had a good election of drinks and that they would call us when a table was ready... about 30ish minutes later called and seated (awesome) So i am totally a fan of small plates to share and trait does this perfectly! The short ribs w strawberries, try them.. to the desserts everything was delicious! The service was great very attentive... I would recommend this place for a date night... Deff going back to try the tasting menu!
As good as it gets when it comes to food. This place should be in every city in this world so people can be happy for a couple of hours and couple of bucks. The food is the most amazing thing that has ever reached my tongue. It's a lot of crazy combinations, pomegranate, passion fruit, cinnamon and ribs, etc. which makes this place so good. The only thing that bothered me a little bit is the fact that they only have two veggie options and no vegan one (although I believe they could definitely make a vegan salad) Our waitress was god herself. She offered to make us non-alcoholic cocktails and also brought us a dessert on the house. She was super kind, super concerned about every detail and incredibly thoughful. I would marry her. Literally. So thanks Traif for making my life so much better.
Great meal! My friends took me here for my birthday. We had a party of 8 and they said for large parties they would have to do the chefs tasting menu which was $45/person. About 10 dishes or so and they were savory and delicious. They were able to accommodate for the pescatarian of the group. The pacing of the dishes was just right without long pauses. The only issue that I later found out about was that they refused to serve out the small cake that my friends got for me - not terrible but just to let you know. Our server was awesome. She was so excited that this was my first time at Traif. Looking forward to coming back next time to try some of the other meats on the menu.
I am so glad that I live over 3000 miles away from this place!!   If not, I would easily weigh 400 pounds by Thursday. I visited  Traif with family and  ate almost every item on the menu. Gotta love the sliders and the ribs, but every item was exceptional. I'm sorry that I didn't get to try the sweetbreads because a guy at the table next to me ordered them and I almost took his plate from him on our way out because it looked and smelled so good! Service was great and even though it was busy, the food came out quickly and our glasses were always full. This place was truly a great experience and I would kill to have something like this in California
This place is insane! Try to get here early because after 7 it starts to get hectic and i've seen people get turned away after hearing it may take 45minutes just to get seated. The menu changes all the time and most of the items are excellent. If there is scallops on the menu I HIGHLY recommend you try them. They are thick, juicy, and not over done. The flavor is just amazing as well. My girlfriend loves the spicy tuna tartare there as well. A must try is probably the bacon donuts. You would never think they work that well but bacon donuts with come coffee ice cream taste great! We go back whenever we crave an amazing meal!
This is the first restaurant I've ever trusted everything to be stellar. Each dish is perfectly cooked and has interesting flavor touches, a la fava bean pesto, yes please. Friendly staff, excellent service, amuse-bouche, AMAZING cocktails. I think this might be my pick for last meal on earth.
oh traif.   i don't remember every dish of what seemed like an endless tasting course.  but, the entire meal was delicious from start to finish.  the most memorable dishes for me were the prawns, scallops, pomegranate glazed baby back ribs and the bacon glazed donuts.   just as a heads up.  to do the $40 tasting course i am describing up above.. you need a minimum of 3 people.  yes, $40 tasting course.  probably the cheapest tasting course you will ever have in the state of new york for 13-15 courses.   they take reservations now, so take advantage of it! don't be one of the dummies waiting forever outside.  because there is really nothing within a 2 block radius to do around here.
Still a showstopper.  They change the menu frequently, but thank God always keep the pork sliders. Best restaurant in Bklyn, and one of the best in NYC.
What a glorious back garden! I was in love before the food even arrived.  This place has a few of the important points on my checklist: - simple, warm design - friendly staff - fun menu My BF and I shared the bbq braised short rib sliders, tuna tartare over eggplant tempura, lamb & chorizo meatballs and finished off with the seared scallops over a very fresh corn salsa. The two strongest dishes were the tartare & scallops. While the sliders were very good, I could take them or leave them. Unfortunately the meatballs seemed as if there were from a totally different chef. The texture and flavor was completely off and we ended up leaving them to the side. Between the beautiful backyard, good beer and the friendly service...I insisted on sticking around for dessert. We shared the special of the day - Key Lime Pie. We were told that the chef's mother made it and it rocked our world. Dinner for two with a few beers cost $70. Well worth it to enjoy leisurely summer dinner. It made forget all about those meatballs!
Came here for brunch one day - my pancakes were heavenly and the lavender mimosa put me on cloud nine.  The enclosed patio was perfect for a sunny day.  I couldn't help looking at what others were ordering because it all looked so good. Dying to go back.
11+ course tasting menu for 50 bucks!!! What a bargain! You've seen the reviews- this restaurant is oh-so-good! The staff is super friendly and really cater to your every need. Keeping it short and to the point. We went for the tasting menu, and by the 7th item, I was so stuffed my dress needed to be unzipped, but I suffered through the remaining delicious items. They provide an amuse bouche, 9 savory courses, then 2 desserts and a pineapple bite to cleanse your palette at the end. My favorites were the tuna tartare served on a piece of eggplant tempura, the short rib sliders, head-on prawns, chopped liver, and of course those bacon donuts. TIP- on the weekends you may not be able to get the tasting menu for 2, they usually require 3 people minimum unless it is a slower day.
Got here late on a Thursday night and am glad we were able to eat some good food this late! We started off with their roasted carrot and greens salad.  It was mostly greens with little pieces of carrots and it was all pretty good.  We also got thier pork belly which was a large slab of pork belly, soft and tender. The best dish I thought was the duck confit, it was probably one of the best duck legs I've had.  Super crispy skin, really moist meat served with risotto I think.  Awesome.  Their pork ribs were really tender, fall-off-the-bone tender with a crispy outside.  The strawberry BBQ sauce I thought was just OK, but I really liked the meat.   They gave us an amuse bouche of spiced lentil soup and cubes of pineapple for dessert.  Really good!
The name itself drew me in but the food is going to keep me coming back. Try the sliders and you will understand what I am talking about. Then go ahead and try those bacon donuts and you'll really get what is happening here. Plus the lively atmosphere and especially our waitress added a great deal to the experience of what I am calling a great first date. Make sure to call ahead for a reservation!
FANTASTIC - FLAWLESS - MEAL!! There were 3 of us and we ordered 6 dishes which the waiter (an attentive, professional, and friendly server) correctly suggested would feed us well. EVERYTHING was EXCELLENT but the DELIRIOUSLY AMAZING dishes are noted below. (1) Pork belly (2) Broccoli Rabe w/ Mushroom, Truffle Oil, Fried Egg = we all gasped at how amazing this was. I would eat an entire plate of this for dinner. Seriously. I will dream of this dish tonight. (3) Corn Cake (4) Pulled pork sliders = GORGEOUS, tasty, slightly sweet and savory (5) Stuffed dates (6)  Chicken Wings Dessert (1) Bacon doughnut = soft pillows of LOVELY GOODNESS (2) Chocolate budino = luscious smooth cool tasty HEAVEN
There were 4 of us in our group and we all absolutely loved Traif!  We sat in the covered patio area out back which is so intimate and cozy with those cute cafe lights strung above.  Everything on the menu sounded to delicious and everything we ordered was super tasty but the group faves were the following: - soft shell crab dish with avocado...what a tasty combination - the Mussels - Pork Belly - Chicken and biscuits The cocktails were also tasty.  I would definitely come back to this spot again and again!
It seemed no matter where I looked for places to go in Brooklyn, Traif kept popping up on the must try lists.  So, I made sure to make another trip to Williamsburg for dinner and to try out the modern-chic contemporary american restaurant.  Needless to say, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.   As usual, exploring different cities, I got myself a seat at the bar.  The bartender was amazingly cordial and quite accommodating in terms of providing me with advice and information into the food. I started out with the "Violet Beauregard", an absolutely delicious bourbon  cocktail that had a great scotch aroma with every sip.   The first dish I ordered were the seared scallops.  A delicious risotto dish was a freshness that was perfect for a starter.  I then had the tuna tartare on fried eggplant.  I think this was the best dish of the night.  The fresh raw tuna against the fried eggplant created a dynamic dish.  I then had the sauteed sweatbreads.  With Brooklyn initializing my enjoyment of sweatbreads, I decided to try them here as well.  They were maybe the low point of the meal.  A bit heavy due to their being fried, but still not all that bad.  I then tried the hampshire pork belly.  This dish was quite delicious.  A complex but hearty dish. All in all the meal was delicious.  I would highly recommend Traif to anyone visiting Brooklyn.  It wasn't completely consistent in terms of taste throughout the meal but none the less, it was pretty great.
Eating at Traif means experiencing a sustained orgasm in your mouth. Everything is perfect. Necessary: scallops, raw yellowtail with nectarines, greens with ripe peaches, spicy tuna with fried nasu, mother-made key lime pie. I'm shaking a bit still from the post-coital ecstasy. The whole staff is fantastic and friendly and the garden is wunderbar.
A wonderful meal! Two of us had 9 courses! That was a bit too much, but it was so hard to choose. Favorites were the rabbit confit (incredibly delicious!), the chicken livers, the peach salad, the figs with burrata, the cockles and the sweetbreads. The large grilled prawns were fine, but not a standout. I just don't like soft-shelled crabs, but my friend wanted to try them. i still don't like soft-shelled crabs. Dessert (the white chocolate budino) was good but not special...and it was supposed to have rhubarb puree in it, but I couldn't find it anywhere. we had an interesting cocktail and a nice wine as well. Service was polite and accomodating. I was painfully full. The problems we encountered had to do with ambience and temperature. The music was so loud, that I could barely hear my friend speak. It's just too loud for a restaurant like this. And the air conditioner seemed to be broken, so it was uncomfortably warm. I would love to come back...in the winter...and try more dishes here, because the food is, overall, truly special.
This place is amazing! We had my fiance's surprise birthday party here this past weekend and the restaurant was wildly accommodating and made sure every second of our 18-person dinner was perfect. Heather helped me plan the event and she was so organized, thorough and timely. She even made sure to put a buffer between the front door and our huge table so it could be a real "surprise" party. The event couldn't have been more perfect. We chose to have the chef's menu and had an excellent drink program, so everyone was free to order all sorts of great cocktails. We waited for nothing, had well-timed courses and the food was so fresh, tender and delicious that no one has stopped talking about the experience. We gleefully handed over $85 per head (for drinks, food, tax and gratuity) and still felt like we'd gotten the whole experience for a steal. I was blown away and can't wait to go back. Definitely our new favorite restaurant.
Every dish was fantastic. Awesome food. Great variety. Bring friends so you can sample more. It's also reasonably priced for the quality of dishes you get.
"Meh. I've experienced better" is pretty accurate. The food came out really sporadically which even for a tapas restaurant was terrible. The food was good but did not blow me away by any means. Our waiter was new and was a complete jerk. We asked for our check early as we were in a bit of a rush. We paid our bill and still had to wait 30 minutes for another dish to come out. Sweet potato fries should not take that long to cook. When we asked the waiter, he responded very rudely. I wouldn't really recommend this place to my friends.
There were three of us in Brooklyn - one of us a vegetarian - we were looking for dinner. My friend texted me and told me to go to Traif, especially for the vegetarian person. I was kind of in the mood for a lighter, meat-less dinner, so a quick glance of the yelp page and off we went. My friend was being an asshole. Traif means non-kosher, well and the logo is a pig with a heart in the middle. All pork, all the time. That being said, it was one of the better dinners I've had in NYC. We sat in the awesome and ate & drank for hours. Even the vegetarian in the group left with a smile on their face. We met the owners on the way out and they were pretty fun. Good: drinks, food, desserts Bad: nothing
I expected a lot from Traif because of all of the buzz going around.   The restaurant is medium sized and pretty noisy.  Theres a garden in the back which i didnt get to sit in, but i can imagine it being really awesome back there.  They were playing Iron Chef on tv (the japanese version) which earned points from me.   The service was decent.  Not great but no complaints either.   The menu is mostly small plates with a few entrees listed towards the bottom.  The entrees didn't seem very imaginative at all and didn't inspire us in any way so we decided to order a few small plates instead.  We got the Sauteed Broccoli Rabe, Lamb/Chorizo Meatballs, a salad (I can't remember what was in it-- i only remember it being overdressed) and the BBQ Short Rib Sliders.   The food was very good but not great.  It was yummy and it hit the spot but everyone raved that the food here is practically life changing, which i didn't think it was.  The only thing that really stood out for me was the broccoli rabe which is served on portabello/truffle toast with a fried egg.  It was perfect:  warm and gooey with the earthiness and meatiness from the shrooms.  Actually now that i think about it, I could have even done without the broccoli rabe and just eaten the toast with the fried egg.  Yum!
The food here is great.  I know the menu changes daily, so I can't tell you what to get.  However, I got the bbq pork sliders of the gods and this yummy paella soup.  The pork belly and the strawberry-cinnamon ribs were incredible too.  Plus the service was top notch.  They paid attention, but didn't hover and let you eat your food in peace. So why only 4 stars instead of 5?  PORTION SIZE!  I know I'm a big guy at 6'5" 270, but yeesh.  It's interesting that all the people around me were skinny hipsters, because they'd be the only group that could get full off of this food.  Jack up the portion size, and I'd run, not walk to give back the 5th star.  However, dinner should feel like an appetizer for the Mickey Dees at the Meeker/Morgan exit at the BQE.
Traif has great service, and many different types of options for food with different flavors.  The menu was a little confusing but the waitress was able to help us get through it.  Once we ordered the food was very succulent and some of the meats literally falling off the bone. I enjoyed the wings, strawberry caramel ribs, and the duck.  Wasn't a big fan of the porkbelly.   The location was a bit hard to find at night, but clearly we ended up finding it., and it was a bit pricey.  I enjoyed that they gave complementary watermelon gazpacho and watermelon molasses, pretty good stuff overall.  If I am in the area again, I would definitely go back.
First time here and I loved it. The bbq spare ribs and sweet potato fries with the paprika sauce was my favorite. I also tried fried shrimp with pineapple which was also delicious and the short bread with artichoke was an interesting taste. For dessert, I had the coffee ice cream with bacon doughnuts and the key lime pie which was one of the best ever! The service was also great and really friendly.
Came here to celebrate my friend's birthday.  A bunch of us flew out from Cali-for-nay-aye to visit our friend who has since relocated to Williamsburg for work.  She recommended this place and also advised that we all order a lot of little plates to share.  In addition to each of us ordering 1-2 plates each (there was five of us), we also ordered two bottles of wine and three desserts. The whole meal felt like a smorgasbord of shisito peppers, pork belly, five-spice hoison chicken wings, bacon wrapped dates, a cheese plate, soft shell crab, some sort of dessert with black sesame and chocolate pudding, some bacon dough nuts and seriously one of the best panna cottas I've ever had. And wine.  Boy did we have enjoy ourselves some wine. The restaurant is CRAMPED.  We were seated on the patio outside and it still felt a little bit small.  Service was great and I owe our great wine drinking to our server who was able to recommend some great white wines for us. This restaurant is truly a gem in Williamsburg and one of the best meals we had during our short 3 days in New York.  Truly a special place for us to have celebrated our friend's special day.
Nutella, pork, doughnuts, eggs...these are things I could eat everyday (separately), and this is why I enjoyed brunch at Traif.  The stuffed (layered) French toast w/Nutella, bananas, and hazelnuts was great...I'll be kindly borrowing this plate for brunch get-togethers at home.   I also tried my friend's smoked pork belly, soba, smoky miso broth, and sunny egg...noodles seemed a little soft for soba, but I appreciated the smokiness and idea of this, especially for brunch.  More places should serve hot noodles in the morning! Bacon doughnuts with dulce de leche and coffee ice cream.  Do NOT  share this (my mistake), order one for yourself and enjoy selfishly. Service was friendly and prices were amazing too...looking forward to dinner there.
I've been to Traif four times, and have always been impressed.  I've also always made a reservation, and haven't had trouble waiting for a table.   It's a pleasant enough atmosphere, with friendly servers who can help you sort out the menu if you need guidance.  A great place to go if you're a fan of creative preparations. The plates are small, so you can sample a wide range of food in one meal.  Some examples: -Pig tails were unbelievable.  The best kind of fatty melty pork you can imagine. -Bacon-wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates are delicious.  Crisp bacon, warm dates, sharp cheese.  Perfect. -On one visit we were served a small shot glass of bacon soup at the beginning of the meal.  Wow.  Packed a punch for such a small sip - thick and rich.  Come to think of it, I believe Traif has sent us a little something at the beginning of the meal each time I've been. -Bacon doughnuts were excellent.  They came as four or five small round doughnut holes, with dulce de leche.  Loved the addition of the coffee ice cream.  I don't think the bacon is infused in the doughnut, but rather there are some bits of bacon on top of them, so the bacon flavor is not overpowering.   -Butterfish carpaccio was light and fragrant and melted in your mouth the way it should. -Seared scallops were cooked perfectly, amazing dish. -Strawberry cinnamon ribs were good but I think I was expecting them to taste significantly different than other sweet glazed ribs I've had in the past.  Perhaps it's a credit to the chef for allowing the rib to shine through.  Very tasty, ribs falling off the bone.   -Seared foie with fingerlings, egg, maple syrup, hot sauce.  Everything was delicious about this dish, but the foie didn't really do much for me in this combination.  I'm not against the cheeky "low" preparation, it just wasn't transcendent like foie can be. Honestly, the only thing I didn't like in all the times I've been here was the baked meunster cheese and chorizo dish.   Love this place.
OMG we did the chefs tasting and this is one of the best dinners I have ever eaten. We go upscale in Los Angeles all the time and I've dined on 5 continents but this was  one of the five best I have ever eaten.  Just amazing in all ways.  Ten courses for $4o each if u count the amuse bouche and all rocked!
GOOD. GOLLY. MISS. MOLLY. What a restaurant!  My hubby and I enjoyed 6 dishes and ate like champs.  I mean stuffed!!! That hamachi collar was just delicious.  The sliders were surprisingly sweet and then they just melted in our mouth.  The scallops were cooked to perfection.  Service here is top notch.  They watch you and clear plates at the appropriate time.  I like the fact that random order of your dishes can come to The table,  keeps your taste buds guessing.   We went on a Saturday and the chef/expediter was just on point.  Thoroughly enjoyed myself.  Looking forward to going back.   The bacon donuts were made perfectly, but I don't think they are as swoon worthy as others say.  That's just me.  But it's still good enough to order.  Eat here if you like to share your food with the person you are dining with.  The experience is very intimate yet chill.
AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG wow all i have to say is 6$ bacon donuts! love of my life! we had a bunch of food, 2 desserts and i had a glass of wine for around 60$ total. so worth it they gave us complimentary amuse bouches too! strawberry gazpacho --- yummers! we ordered: local mozzerella salad asparagus with pistachios and cheese shisito with pork belly and feta butterfish carpaccio melted muenster cheese with chorizo plus bacon doughnuts and something with nutella mouse plus an 8$ glass of wine NOT TOO SHABBY if i must say so myself. also, we got to sit in the back patio, super romantic, but also funny cuz i was with my girlfriend. i will definitely come back here when scoping out the williamsburg scene.
Traif is great for a good low key dinner. It's a place that you would frequent if you lived around the surrounding Williamsburg area. That's the kind of place it is. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is very chill and welcoming. The food, on the other hand, is reason enough to make the trip here from any borough in the city. The menu is incredibly diverse and flavorful. From the pictures here on Yelp I thought the portions were small, but they were definitely generous. We, a party of two, started with the stuffed corn cakes, marinated rock shrimp, mango, and tomatillo. Marinate was delicious and the corn cakes was a surprisingly good compliment. Next was the sauted broccoli rabe, roasted portobella-truffle toast, with fried egg. The combination was amazing. Our next dish was the over-sized rigatoni with sausage sauce. A little salty, but delicious none the less. The final entree was the bbq braised short rib sliders. By this point in the meal I was already on the verge of defeat, but they were so good and juicy that i was apple to polish them off. For desert, per the suggestions here on Yelp, I tried the bacon doughnut. I don't know. Maybe my doughnut was a little over fried, but it wasn't as great as everyone said it was. Overall Traif is definitely a place I would frequent again. It's only one stop into Brooklyn by way of the J or M, and 3 short blocks after that. Trust me when I say that this Astoria boy will be coming here again.
This is my 2nd time coming to Traif.  The place is always packed ( which is a good sign).  YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED !  The decor is nice and welcoming and they even have a nice little closed patio towards the back.  I went with a male friend and we ordered a total of 4 appetizers.  It was enough for us. Everything is delicious.   Total of 4 appetizers, and 4 gin and tonics --$80.00. PS-server was very attentive both times.
One of the best tasting menus I've had in years! Also, the most affordable! Run don't walk to this delicious restaurant. Fun, hip and cozy atmosphere with impeccable food and service!
So far, the best meal I've had in 2014 has been the tasting menu at Traif. So good that after I finished typing that first sentence a few seconds ago, I had to take a deep breath and close my eyes to take in the memory of the delicious bites we had here on our last trip to NYC. For $45 (each), we had it all. And then some. I'm struggling to remember every dish we had, but the highlights were the tuna tartare on tempura Japanese eggplant, salty seared scallops, strawberry-cinnamon glazed ribs, short rib sliders and the "bagels and lox". I don't even like salmon but I devoured the "everything bagel" focaccia and smoked salmon. It was just one dish after another of deliciousness. Our party of 5 was just loving all of it. ESPECIALLY those bacon donuts. I mean come on. Fried dough and bacon. Our server was the best. I don't remember her name -- but she was so fun and we bonded immediately over being single, not having kids and not caring a bit! She made sure our drinks were always full, our plates were cleared and silverware refreshed. I'd come back here in a heartbeat. The place is on the small side so if you're going -- make a reservation (and add a +1 for me). It's a must.
Came here for Judgement Day for what could have been our last meal on earth and all the positive reviews did not disappoint. I liked the colorfulness of the interior, the friendliness and attentiveness of the staff, and the tapas-style menu, because I got to taste 5 different dishes (including dessert)! First, they served us a little cup of pea soup. It was very green and a bit intimidating, but surprisingly tasty. It's not something I would want to consume in large quantities, but it was still a pleasant surprise, as we did not expect to get anything more than we ordered. The spicy sweet chili-glazed Calamari was wonderful. My only complaint was that there was too much sauce and it was a bit overpowering...it also made our calamari a bit soggy. Our salad was awesome! I couldn't taste the first couple bites because my senses were altered from the spiciness of the calamari. The salad included asparagus, edamame, pistachios, etc. I liked the croutons because it was very crispy, which was a perfect addition to the salad. Mmm the bone marrow! This may have been my very first time trying bone marrow. The dish came with something which I had no idea what it was, but it was ridiculously delicious on the little pieces of bread they also provide you with. Our oversized rigatoni with crabs and mushrooms was pretty good, although it tasted too much like the pea soup we got at the beginning of our meal. FINALLY...THE BACON DOUGHNUTS! It looked like turds but tasted like heaven! The bacon pieces were perfect on the soft, cushiony  doughnuts, and the coffee ice cream went so well with it. To finish off our meal, the waitress gave us small pieces of pineapple with caramel (?) on it. It was the most delicious pineapple I've ever had with the perfect consistency. Overall we were pleased with our meal at Traif. Unfortunately, I had been looking forward to eating here for several months expecting a 5-star meal, so it bothered me when I did notice some imperfections with our dishes. That is the only reason why I am giving it 4 stars. If I knew nothing about this place and had zero expectations, I probably would've given it 5 stars. Also, we were very cramped in our seats...It sucks to not be able to slouch when you're ridiculously full!
I've always had issues with folks that are gluttonous & wasteful (insert Andrew Zimmern here). The folks in the buffet that take all the crab legs & eat half of what they got. The folks that leave half the chicken wing on the plate. The folks that drink up all of your top shelf liquor because they can. Well, on January 28, 2012, I experienced my own sort of gluttonous behavior of a sort, except there was nothing left on the plate. Nope. Not one tidbit. After reading about Traif on Yelp I booked a reservation for myself & my boyfriend. I had already printed out & scoped the menu. I knew what I wanted & we were both all in. To start it off we ordered the cheese plate. Lets just say that on Monday I found myself in Wholefoods looking for the cheese, the almonds, the jam.. Oh, yeah. My only issue is that there was just not enough of it. Give me more more MORE!! We ordered: spicy big eye tuna, tempura japanese egglant, kecap Manis bacon-wrapped blue scheese stuffed dates, spinacn a la catalana crispy pork belly, cauliflower, peperoncini, romsesco, parsley-garlic strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portabella-truffly toast, fried egg Bacon donuts & ice cream for desert. We also had martinis with bacon on the rim. I think they are called The Angry Pig martini's but i'm not sure. Wow, seems like a lot of food huh? Well, not really. The stand out dishes to me were the sauteed broccoli rabe, the pork belly, & the dates. The martini was not tasty at all but after a few sips.. hey, it all tastes like iced tea right? Try it. The bacon donuts were different. I would recommend everyone try them out. To me, the ice cream was what made the donuts. The  donuts can not stand on their own. I would not recommend you go there hungry or you will leave there broke. The online menus are wrong. There were two dishes that were $7 & two dishes that were $8. Everything else ranged from $9 to $24. Our bill was close to $100. All in all we enjoyed ourselves & I will definitely be going back.
Yum. Imagine a thick hunk of chewy bread, embedded with a fat portobello mushroom, smothered in a truffle-infused bechamel and topped with slightly bitter, perfectly crunchy broccoli rabe. Now imagine taking a bite of it. Oh the juiciness, the chewiness, the creamy, crunchy, bitter, salty, creamy perfection! Ah. It was one of the best flavors I'd experienced in 2011 (I went last Friday, New Year's Eve Eve, as it were). Yes, after about three bites, I was overwhelmed. So much butter and cream! But oh, the flavors were so swoon-worthy that I wiped my plate clean. Traif is a wonderful little gem of a place. Sure, it's a little pretentious -- they serve amouse-bouche (but it's free) and a palate cleanser at the very end (again, free! YAY for free stuff) -- and without a doubt, Williamsburg-trendy. But all in the best way possible. The food is nuanced and very tasty and the ingredients are fresh. An ever-changing seasonal menu should appeal to locavores and the very quirky and delicious drinks menu should please every cocktail lover. It's a little on the pricey side. And no, the prices are probably not altogether reasonable. But it's a fabulous dining experience, so for me, it was worth it. The waitstaff were fantastic. Very helpful and attentive and polite. The keylime pie? To die for. Make a reservation to ensure a seat.
It was good but I dont think it was truly great. Many of the dishes seemed a bit to disparate - tons of different ingredients thrown together and not always working in total harmony. The dishes were properly cooked and served in a timely fashion, the drinks were outstanding and the service was good. I just think they reach a bit too high and dont let the signature ingredients speak for themselves as much as they should. Overall I liked it but I dont think its quite 4 stars, but Im glad I tried it and its definitely one of the better restaurants in the area.
3 1/2 stars roasted beet salad was out of this world. amazing flavors with perfect balance. barley risotto was great in flavor as well - pork cheeks were extremely tender. nice touch. Hamachi collar- just what you would expect out of a collar. nothing special or enhanced with the accompanied sides. ribs - flavors worked but ribs weren't the best. got a big of a chew to them shortrib sliders - very tender. very good. mayo was a bit heavy for my taste but nice/hot sweet potato fries to accompany it. overall, good- but definitely could be better. 4 stars because i got a table without waiting ha!
Came here on a random weekday for a long overdue date night with A. I love the decor of the place - from the cute little pig snouts by the entrance to the greenery in the back "al fresco" area. We arrived half an hour early (whoop, no traffic!), but they seated us right away. So, basically Traif serves small plates to share. Our waiter recommended 4 plates for 2 people, but we're fatties and got 5. (^.^) We ordered the salad with berries, but they screwed up our order and gave us the butter lettuce with fig. No matter - it was delicious! Next was the pork belly; I'm not usually a fan of pork belly in general, so I was whatever, but he seemed to enjoy it. We tried the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs due to the many praises on Yelp. I don't disagree, but I'll refrain from further praise because I didn't think it was outstanding. I loved the scallops with corn! It had really good flavor. The last dish was the seared foie gras, sunny side eggs with maple and hot sauce - interesting combination of sweet and spicy... I don't know if I would get it again, but I definitely recommend that it should be tried once. One thing to note is that all the meats were slightly over-cooked. Not enough to ruin the meal altogether, but definitely put a damper on the night. Even the scallops - the two smaller ones were a bit tough (the larger was perfectly cooked - thank goodness.) A, who'd been here a few weeks prior, said his first time dining there, he didn't notice... So hopefully they were just having an off day. For dessert, we had the bacon doughnuts. Bacon + doughnuts - is it possible to go wrong with this? I don't much like sweet things, so I thought the salty meat balanced the sweetness pretty well. Overall, I did enjoy my night here and I would come back to try the other dishes. (But, I'd probably get the fig salad again!)
I love me some swine and if you luv it like I do this is where u go to eat the pig pricey but absolutely worth it great ambiance and very good service I didn't know what half the menu was but my waitress was very helpful will be bringing friends here indeed
To be honest, I was quite disappointed. Maybe because of all the good reviews, I anticipated a lot, only to be disappointed. I made reservations for 2 on a Sunday night, and they were really nice calling me twice to confirm and everything and even emailed me their current menu. Actually that night was full, but it was not packed. So we had the strawberry glazed ribs, nothing to awe about, the meat inside had no taste at all and it was a bit dry. Then we had the pork belly, which was nothing spectacular either, it only taste good because it was pork belly but without the fat, it tasted like dry meat once again. The lobster risotto was the only thing I believed that was on point, but I believe the cheese did its job. Then the shrimp... honestly it taste a bit like sweet and sour shrimp from a Chinese restaurant to me. I brought my friend there thinking to show her my good taste, I only did the opposite, I really do not understand the hype over this restaurant. For the price I pay is ok, but to go all the way to Williamsburg just for this, never again.
Best scallops ever. Brussel sprouts and broccoli rabe just ok. Pork belly ok.
This review is long, long overdue mainly because I've been too damn distracted eating here as often as possible to write one. To call this restaurant one of the best dining experiences in New York City and call it a day with this review would, ironically, be both perfectly sufficient and grossly inadequate. Perhaps I'm gushing a bit but I couldn't care less -- this place is really fantastic. I take everybody I like here because they deserve it. Staff / atmosphere: The staff are super friendly, professional, attentive and while the place gets hot because of the open kitchen, the I justify it since the heat helps my muscles loosen up to handle more food, which I figure is a must when you get to dessert and know you have to get those bacon doughnuts. Food: The story / concept behind Traif is both interesting and hilarious, the menu is refreshing, exciting and changes often (although thankfully staple favourites like the ribs and sliders stay on there while other favourites just undergo some interesting twists). Here are my current favourites: burrata, tuna tartare on eggplant (I'm already salivating while typing), mushroom tempura, salt & pepper shrimp, pork belly, ribs, sliders, broccoli rabe / mushroom / egg on truffle toast, soft shell crabs, scallops, seared foie gras.... okay, this is pointless because I'm just listing the majority of the menu. My favourites are the entire menu. I could go on and on about the food / drink, the quality of the people who work there, the decor, and general atmosphere but the other 1,000+ reviews do a pretty decent job of it. See you this weekend, Traif!
Traif is as amazing as yelper say! Went on a rainy Sunday night so we were able to get a table without much of a wait. Staff is friendly and attentive. Like everyone else said, you MUST order the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs. They are so good that my friends and I joked that the next time we go, we each want our own order!! Sliders were okay, but the real star of that dish is the sweet potato fries. I'm a bit underwhelmed by the bacon doughnuts..the bacon is unsalted so it just as a bit of a savory touch w/o a strong bacon flavor. I probably wouldn't order it again. Note: Dishes are tapas style and meant to share, but there's still a decent amount of food! There is an open-kitchen, so prepare for it to be a bit smokey and don't wear your favorite outfit!
This place was amazing, food as well. I really enjoyed myself and the customer service was fantastic.
Amazing food!  I love this menu!  I've been coming here for about a year now, and I've never left disappointed.  The menu is perfect, and my date and I usually choose about 4 small plates to split, which leaves us comfortably full.  The rock shrimp with pineapple is seriously the best food I've eaten in a long time...if it's on the menu when you're there, don't miss it. Also, the staff has always provided great service.  They're friendly, even though the place is permanently busy.  As long as you don't mind waiting for a table, you won't be disappointed by the food or the service.   Finally, I will say that it gets a little loud sometimes, due to the fact that every table is always full.  It can be hard to hear the person you're eating with, so it might not be the best place for a first date.  Aside from that, you can't go wrong with Traif.
Still not really sure how to pronounce this place but I still love you.  I went here with the bf after a failed night of going out in the brooklyn area.  I still really really wanted to try this place even tho we were dressed in crap clothes with paint on our faces (after embarassingly greeting ourselves at the door, we washed ourselves at the bathroom after being seated).  Nonetheless, they still treated us like their other finely dressed patrons and with tons of respect.   This place is tapas-style so keep in mind small plates with tons of flavor to make up for it.  We tried the glazed chicken wings and the strawberry baby back ribs.  Be sure to order the bacon donuts at the end !
Schedule this for bi-annual "look how chic and bad-ass I am" out-of-town impress your friends dinners. It's totally worth coming back to since the menu will likely have totally changed in 6 months. They have a very solid wine list if you wanna go that extra mile. Be sure to come at off hours to get that coveted table, so as not to actually come across as a loser hoping to get a glimpse.
love this place, will go back again!
I came for brunch on an early-ish Sunday.  It was very dim inside and I don't know if its the norm or if they were trying to keep the place cool on a hot and humid day - not a plus or a negative, just a comment. Traif is on the smaller side with an open kitchen and back garden seating.  Service was friendly and good on refilling waters.   Ordered the grilled peaches salad which had a great balance of flavor with the blue cheese, crunch bacon bits, light dressing and juicy peaches - a great starter and pretty refreshing despite having bacon in it. Entrees: Egg in a nest.  I basically love to try anything where I can have break the yolk of an egg and have it oozing the rest of the dish.  The brie in the sandwich had a nice bite with a touch of portobello. I could have used more portobello in my sandwich.  It came with a side of salad greens. My friend got the soft shell crab which came with 2 crabs. Thought that was a very generous portion and they were pretty meaty and tasty.  They were situated on top of a base of guacamole with an aioli kind of sauce.   We also ordered the vietnamese iced coffee and were pretty impressed with it. It had the deep flavors going but wasn't too sweet which tends to be the case with the ones you get in chinatown.   Two thumbs up from me!
Eclectic "Tapas" style menu.  A reservation is needed as it is always packed.  With each dish, I had a new favorite.  For each person, I recommend 2-3 different dishes. In order of preference: Strawberry CInnamon Ribs -  must be tried ; simply delicious BBQ Sliders -  wonderfully seasoned meat along with sweet potato fries Sweetbreads - if your adventorous try it - you won't regret it Scallops -  for the most perfectly cooked scallops ; the corn was ok Foie Gras Terrine - delicious Bigeye Tuna - solid dish, but  the most plan out of the above options Dessert   Bacon Doughnuts - A must ; dulce de leche ice cream + bacon + doughnuts
Everything I have ever had at Traif is beyond delicious. Try everything. My favorite restaurant in NYC....
Great food, great date spot. Waitress who helped our table was super nice and helpful when it came to choosing meals. Food was great. The tartar and the ribs were my two favorites, and the donuts for dessert are a must. The food did take a little while to come out, however. And it seems like there's only one or two waitresses handling all the tables even on a busy night, so sometimes it'll be hard to grab their attention when you need something. Otherwise, this is a great restaurant.
Came here on a Wednesday night around 6pm and in order to have a table you needed to make a reservation. Really? Rude hostess' at the door went inside anyway and the place was empty. Sat at the bar and tried a few items. All which were super delicious. Had the Mac and cheese and sliders. Bartender was super cool and the chefs are cooking right in front of you. Would I go again? Doubt it. Overrated.
Flavor explosions in my mouth! I have never enjoyed eating tiny portions of food this much ever before in my life! The flavors were all over the place but it wasn't in an obnoxious manner but followed a defined theme to the dish itself. Well done! The service was...meh. However I would still come back because the food is just amazing and unique in NYC. That's right unique flavors in NYC from one restaurant sounds a bit far fetched but just try it and you'll see for yourself. Amazing!
I've heard great things so we decided to give Traif a try, and it's definitely well worth the hype. Food was delicious, everything was well-balanced with great punch of flavours.  Heather's recommendations throughout the evening were spot on, and it everything was really well executed.  I definitely recommend the spicy tuna tartare and porchetta.
This is by far Brooklyn's best restaurant. The strawberry cinnamon ribs are to die for as Traifs most popular dish. The waitresses are so friendly and always recommend the best wines to pair your meal with. If your new to dining in Brooklyn, make this your first stop. You'll never stop going once you do. Coming from Westchester County, I'll always make the time to go to Traif.
Did the tasting menu. New to the neighborhood, heard this was great. Reviews didn't do it justice. The tasting menu was the way to go, and they even let us tailor it slightly to get two dishes off the menu we really liked. I heard it was a pain in the ass to get a reservation but lucked in that they had a cancellation on a Friday. Place was packed when we left at 10 pm. Ribs and pork belly are a must, as are the sliders. Those sliders were "slap yo mamma" good... For me to slap my mamma, it's gotta be good. My only complaint - and I did have one - were the Ribs and pork, while really good, were slightly over cooked. Would've been nice for them to be a little more rare. But it wasn't terrible. Our server was training someone that night and he was so spot on in his reference of what we would like and even sent us an extra dessert. Atmosphere is LOUD, if you don't like that, don't go to this place because it's boisterous. If you're lame or a wet blanket, find somewhere else to go. Like this place, don't hesitate...
Came here for my sister's birthday. This place is all kinds of delicious. We had the chef's tasting menu. This is very affordable (~45$).  The menu is pretty seasonal, all I can say is, YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE. It is worth calling to make a reservation of your are looking to eat on a busy night. The food trumps the cocktails, but who cares!? The food is so good. I'd rather eat my calories than drink them. Don't have any foodie pictures to share because I was too busy eating to take pictures!
First visit was New Year's Eve and I had the flu so I couldn't eat much (which was a total waste since we got the prix fixe menu).  I just remembered how awesome everything on the menu sounded and whatever I managed to eat was delicious, even with the dead taste buds because of all the awesomeness that comes with the flu. This time it was round two and I can recall with clarity everything I ate since I didn't have foggy flu brain. 1. Big eye tuna tartar that sat on top of tempura eggplant - I wish there was more tartar and less eggplant (and I think the tempura eggplant took away from the flavor of the tartar) but overall it was good. 2. Chicken liver that came with bread drizzled in balsamic vinegar.  OMG.  If you like chicken liver like BC does, this is a must have.  It was the smoothest chicken liver I ever had... it wasn't the thick pate consistency, it was lighter and more spreadable.  So goood. 3. Seared scallops and creamed corn.  This needs no explanation.  It was delicious. 4.Seared foie gras with fried egg and fingerling potatoes.  Generous portion of foie gras and when you get the perfect bite full with potatoes, some egg with runny yolk and a bit of foie you get a rich lil party in your mouth. 5. Duroc pork over foie gras risotto (waitress told me it was braised in milk and AWESOME, she was totally right).  The pork was sooo tender and soo flavorful. Yummm! 6. Key lime pie for dessert.  BC and I are huge fans of key lime pie so we've had key lime  pie from all over the city and this was probably one of the best slices we;re ever had. The damage? $120ish before tip.  We also had 2 glasses of wine. Mmmm.  Can't wait to go back!
Great place to have a fun meal with a small group. It's a bit much if there are just two of you. There are just so many options on the menu to order!  Although nothing I had stands out in particular, the food was tasty and very unique.  The service was okay. Overall I give it three stars because I was expecting a bit more with all the hype and our long wait (almost 2 hours - I recommend making a reservation).  I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.   Get on it Yelp!
I recently had brunch here with my roommates and am definitely going back.  Sit outside if it's nice enough, the garden/patio in back is very peaceful and cozy.  The menu is very unique and more reasonably priced than I'm used to for this level of cuisine.  I had the chicken and biscuits with honey and was impressed.  I tried the bacon doughnuts also and am glad I did.  The staff was very attentive and I have nothing bad to say about them.
Traif is the bomb, plain and simple. I miss living so close! Their most heavenly dishes: strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs, dayboat scallops, and any of their unique salads.
Everything here is absolutely delicious.  I've been here three times now, and every single time is phenomenal.  I believe they change around their menu slightly to include seasonal ingredients, which makes the menu feel familiar but slightly new. The foie gras is really good.  I'd never had foie gras in any way before, but I figured if I were to pop that cherry, Traif would be where to do it.  I wasn't disappointed.  Their was a great crust on the outside, while the inside was melt-in-you-mouth.  Its flavor reminded me of delicious pieces of fat on a steak that crisp up when seared. The duck is also very good - fell off the bone and was full of flavor.  Their fried soft shell crabs were tender on the inside, and perfectly crisp on the outside.  The highlight for me, however, was the key lime pie.  The waitress told us the recipe belonged to the owner's mother, and his mother had actually made the pies. The pie was a perfect balance of sweet and tart, rich and creamy, and just...so...GOOD.
With a name like Traif, I wasn't sure what to expect coming here... I later googled it and found it to mean "un-kosher" or in more looser translations "dirty or nasty". I felt disgusting in the best way after leaving here last week. Anything that starts off with a complementary round of bacon broth can only get better. They serve small sharable plates here, so order 4-5 for a nice full belly meal. The menu seems to vary daily but the sample menu on their website will give you a good idea of the type and combination of ingredients you can expect. We ordered 2 cheesey items and 2 meaty. Everything was amazing. To quote the bf, the bbq short rib sliders "where the best sliders I've ever tasted in my life". This statement was associated with all sorts of inappropriate sound effects that I'll leave to your imagination. The sweet potato fries were amazing and the strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs were great too. I would have liked to try the crispy chicken wings, but they weren't available that night. My favorite plate came with this thick soupy muenster cheese + churizo dipping sauce. For dessert we went with their famous bacon donuts glazed in dulce de leche served with coffee ice cream. I'm sorry to say but by that time I was pork'd out and I think I would have preferred to try one of their sweeter options. Make a reservation before stopping by as its a small place with not too many servers.
Excellent staff and food.   All the food is prepared in open kitchen you can view from the bar.  Definitely  will go back.   Foie gras Was excellent as the salt and pepper shrimp.  A little loud but it's rather tight so on a busy night it's to be expected.  Don't miss key lime pie.
Strolled in for brunch with my fiance last weekend. The food was good but not great. Staff was friendly. Our waitress seemed nervous. Would return for dinner.
Probably my favorite restaurant period. I miss it now that I'm back in California.
This was my first time here, and the experience was great.  This is a place that you wouldn't want to visit alone. Each Tapa feeds aleast 4. You can definitely save $$ this way.  The service was exceptional. The food was brought out in a timely manner; and the waitress checked on us a few times but not too much that one would be annoyed. I would definitely come back again.
The only thing getting in the way of Traif's excellence, is the uber high standard they have set for themselves!  Their food is really amazing and despite the fact that their chef Jason didn't win Chopped, he was clearly the most talented chef on the episode and totally should have won (although we didn't get to see what he would've made on the dessert round, but I just think he would've taken it).   I've been to Traif on date nights and with friends, and both experiences are equally amazing.  Not too good for large groups due to the space, but four people is great so you can order a ton of the food and share.   Traif have a lot of small plates that are great for sharing (except some portions leave you wanting a little more) and they also have larger entree plates as well.  What I love to do, actually almost anywhere I eat, is to SHARE!  If I go with someone, I like to get like 3-4 small plates and an entree (if you read my reviews, you know I love to eat a lot)! I've eaten a good number of their dishes and the standouts to me are as follows (note:  their menu changes somewhat regularly): -lamb tenderloin medallions were perfectly cooked, succulent and juicy, with i think a pistachio crust or something that gave it a great texture and crunch, along with a hummus puree or something, and a fruit compote on top...this is an aphrodisiac.  If you want to score on a date, order two of these dishes and watch the magic happen.  It is that good. -seared foie gras:  I feel bad for the goose that get overfed to stuff their liver for our guilty little pleasure, but OMG, this is soo good.  Perfectly seared and served with a great mix of hot and sweet, with an egg...this is delicious! I just realized that I could go on and on writing about how much I love so many of their dishes, but what I would encourage you to do, is GO, look at the menu, see what you like, and order liberally.  The food is amazing!   Their drinks are also masterfully crafted, so don't skip the drink menu either.   The ambiance is somewhat dark and moody, usually with lively banter in the background from the packed house (I've never seen it empty), and the best part - they have an open kitchen where you can watch the chefs do their art.  I sat at the bar once and was amazed at what all they could do in the space they had, and I think one night I softly applauded as their dishes went by me.   And last of all, the wait staff are extremely attentive and courteous, and they will be more than glad to make suggestions and answer any questions about the dishes they serve so feel free to ask them. Please enjoy!
Went for the tasting menu (even though it's meant for tables of 3 or more, they let the two of us do it for 5$ more each - bringing it up to 50$/person). It was amazing, and I was SO full and happy leaving at the end of the night. The staff was really friendly, and extremely knowledgeable when explaining the many dishes - our tasting consisted of around 12 courses. The food was also served rather quickly, so it was really nice not having to wait a long time in between courses. The only thing I would say is that there was no order to which the dishes were served, and after about 9 courses (and a full belly) the last thing you feel like eating is rich foie gras - especially when you started the meal off with a crisp salad with apples.   Definitely recommend a reservation, the place was packed.
Take a look at the menu online - it's that, but better.   One of few times in my life I have gone to a restaurant and ordered absolutely anything on the menu and been thrilled.  The one item I might not have ordered actually ended up being my favorite dish. Hold your head high Jason - you have yourself a true gem.  Flawless execution, great staff and beyond amazing food. Great garden seating too.
Dined here for the first time for a celebratory dinner. I'd been to the sister restaurant Xixa for a yelp event and decided to give this place a try. Reservations are a bit of a hassle. You have to call during their evening hours, have someone take down your name, number, and reservation request, and then someone else calls you back the next day or two sometime during the hours of 2-5 to tell you what's available. Yeesh. Makes me appreciate OpenTable even more. The place was packed when we got there and super loud. I'm fine with the casual atmosphere but it was awkward being constantly bumped and squeezed past by servers and busboys. (Note: Try not to get the table right next to the serving area) Also, although I appreciate the intro to the menu as it was our first time at the place, lay off the hard sell. Our server kept pushing us to get 5-6 dishes for the two of us, but we held our ground and stuck with the 4 we chose. Result: We were STUFFED after those 4 dishes! (Moral of the story: Listen to your tummy, not your server) All complaining aside, the food is FANTASTIC. It's worth 5 stars on its own. We ordered the strawberry cinnamon baby back ribs, twisty beef fat bread, foie gras, and sweetbreads. The ribs were sticky, sweet, and oh-so-tender. It's a weird sounding combo, but the cinnamon and strawberry works great with the meat. The foie gras was buttery, fatty, and just all around gobble-worthy. The accompanying egg and potatoes were nice, but sort of extraneous. Great flavors with the maple syrup and hot sauce.    The twisty bread baked with beef fat came with ricotta and a meat marmalade. It was super filling and rich, but tasty. The veal sweetbreads were sooo good! So soft and tender. Loved the mushrooms and artichokes too.
It amazed me how EXACT a ripoff Traif is from my favorite restaurant, Animal, in Los Angeles. Don't get me wrong, the food at Traif was good.....just not as good......and seriously wow a blatant copy. Even the way the menu is formatted is the same. Near exact flavor combinations as well. In order of best items I had to not best items. - bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates - ridiculous - sweetbreads - maybe my favorite thing to eat so i liked these much more than everyone else. these were excellent though. - broccolli rabe portabella truffle toast + egg - one of the favorites of the group. - braised short rib sliders - better than i thought they were going to be. still no pork belly sliders from Animal though. - pork belly - i'd get it again. not too much to say. good pork belly. - duck confit lettuce wraps - not bad, nothing special - foie gras dish + maple syrup and an egg - extremely similar to one of my all time favorite dishes at Animal. this combo did not work for me here. - bacon donuts - meh. - some type of clams casino type thing - didn't like the clove or whatever similar seasoning was included - hamachi carpaccio - i did not like the combo of flavors and the fish was fishy. It makes sense to copy such a successful concept and bring it to NY however I guess I am just a little offended that Traif is such an exact copy concept wise.......except with cheaper prices. Most expensive dish is like $18. I feel like the quality of ingredients is maybe not there and thats part of what was missing.......and also why they can keep cost down. I forgot about a few items we had but total meal out the door was like $250. Same meal at Animal would be $400.....but way better.
Liked it a lot! Food is given to you in small portions so have to order at least two per person. Their menu might be a little confusing so ask the waiter, they are really helpful and the service is top notch. Strawberry ribs are yummy and risotto was really good. Sliders with sweet potato French fries are also worth ordering. PS: they have a sister place a few blocks down called Xixa.
Love! Live the interiors and outside space but the food is absolutely beautiful. Can't wait to go back!
This food is great. Not just good, but great. And it is Reasonably priced. We walked in and the hostess told us there would be a 30 minute wait (for a Friday night, it wasn't bad). We had a seat at the bar and a cocktail. We noted an empty table, and quickly realized they took reservations, a person came and was about to be seated there, but then his person didn't show, so the table was given to us. (We were slightly annoyed, but now we know to make a reservation!) Our waiter came over and was very very friendly, he was able to answer any questions, had great knowledge of the menu, and was overall cheery.  The menu did rely on some abbreviation that a non-foodie may not understand, Yukon and Fingerlings as short for the potato varieties, Foie for Foie Gras, etc. But the waiters did not treat you as low class if you asked. We ordered the Cheese plate as an appetizer, my girlfriend had the Foie Gras, and I had the Pan Seared Scallops. I highly recommend their riesling, it is killer. They brought out an Amuse-bouche of Bacon Broth, and it smelled so good it had me wanting to ditch my pescetarian ways. The cheese plate was fantastic, with Brie, Blue Cheese, and I believe a Gruyere, served with two marmalades, grapes, roasted hazelnuts, and crostini. The Foie Gras was amazing according to my girlfriend, and I can tell you The Pan seared scallops with butternut squash and huckleberry were to die for. We topped it off with dessert, also amazing, the Brown sugar pudding with chocolate bark. We will be back. Make a reservation to avoid the wait/get good seating in the garden. We were on a date and it was a perfect restaurant. If you must try one restaurant in Brooklyn, try this one.
Traif is an unkosher gem in a historic Jewish neighborhood, and their bathroom similarly breaks with tradition to provide a solid experience on the pot. You enter and your eyes are dazzled by the fantastically frenetic paint accents contrasting against the black walls. The toilet is of course a creamy shade of pig-skin pink, and the industrial accents of the soap dispenser and sink are nice touches. Upon further examination, additional appreciated features include an awesome De-Stijl painted ceiling, an artsy framed photo of the brooklyn bridge, and a glass block window. The window requires an explanation. Typically, you would think a bathroom window would face outdoors. But no, this one is at waist level inside the bathroom and dead level with some unsuspecting diner's head inside the restaurant. Which means when you're standing with your trousers down, your private piglet and his head are at the same level. It's a little unnerving trying to do your business in such tense scenarios, to say the least. Thank goodness the glass is frosted. Another item that irks me is the low-riding sink faucet. It's a wonderful steel sink with a classy basin. But there exists only 3 inches of clearance betwixt the faucet and drain! This guarantees that while scrubbing your hands after hogging down some wonderfully messy pork ribs, you will indubitably accidentally brush either the under-side of the faucet or the basin itself. That really twists my tail. Overall it was a good bathroom experience in a great restaurant, but if you wanna get the blue ribbon you gotta have the fattest boar at the fair, am I right? Do yourself a favor and try the bacon doughnut.
Found Traif on Yelp. Was going to a friend's house party in Park Slope and wanted to grab dinner before in BK. It's hard to be blown away by a meal in NYC these days and Traif succeeded in doing so. 2 of us shared 5 small plates all under $10 each and left full and amazed by how good everything was. The drinks were also good and reasonably priced. We had the Duck Confit lettuce wraps, Oyster and Mussel New England Chowder, Hamachi (Yellowtail) Sashimi with Avacado and Grapefruit, Brocolli Rabe, Portobello mushroom and a fried egg with shaved parmesan cheese. Finally had the Berkshire Pork Belly which was a great finish.
YES.... there is nothing bad here.  they got it right.  they deserve all their accolades.
We found this restaurant  on Yelp and decided to try it on a Saturday night. Upon our arrival we were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated promptly. (We made a reservation).  Place is fun with an open kitchen and an cozy back room.  Our server Kristin was friendly and knowledgable and gave us excellent suggestions of dishes  to try.  We ate several small plates including short rib sliders which were delectable served with sweet potato fries, the salt and pepper shrimp was deelish and Hamachi was excellent. For dessert we ordered the key lime pie which is made by the chefs mom. Love that. Also we had the signature bacon donuts amazing. Overall an great dining experience.  Will bring all of our friends back After leaving  Traif we decided to walk over to the sister restaurant Xixa. Another home run! We went for an after dinner drink and wound up eating again!
i think for the location and the price it's worth it; that's why i'm giving it a 2 stars instead of 1. truthfully, however, i was disappointed by the food (given the avg yelp rating/yelp reviews). this may be because i recently went to degustation and boqueria which is 10x better. just a fair warning. -lacking of attention to detail in the preparation -mixture of ingredients was overpowering at times and not subtly balanced. it seems that they were going for really unique ingredients without consideration of the overall combination. -after observing the chefs all night, it turned me off that they would wipe their hands on nasty towels / pants / doorknobs -service was good (since we sat at the bar) dishes: -8.5/10 for bacon wrapped dates. the blue cheese accent was really interesting. but slightly below par to boqueria's. -3/10 for lamb&chorizo meatballs. i could've made this. didn't taste fresh. sauce tasted canned, and the meatballs tasted bland. go to perilla or little owl or meatball shop for meatballs instead. -2/10 for the tuna tartare eggplant tempura. tuna tartare was kinda good, but on top of fried tempura just made it extremely uncomfortable. -2/10 for ribs. way too sweet. meat not tender/juicy. my bf told me the ribs that i make is a ton better. that's not a good sign. -1/10 for duck confit wrap. seemed amateurish. the duck tasted limp. if you could ever imagine "limp" as a flavor. -1/10 for pork belly. DO NOT ORDER. UGH. traif- you should leave this one for the professionals. go to ippudo or betel or momofuku instead. i was looking fwd to the bacon doughnuts but was too full/disappointed so we canceled the order, so no comment on their desserts.
Traif is one of my all-time favorite restaurants in Brooklyn. The menu, which is ALWAYS incredible (new american, served tapas style), changes from time-to-time, which I love. Rest assured, however, they usually always offer their signature dishes... i.e.) if you're going solely for the bacon doughnuts (a legit reason), you won't be disappointed. Traif is one of those places where you can either go with a group, or as a couple, and still have a delightful experience. My only reccomendation is that you bring someone/people that are all about sharing... or "team eating", as I call it. Oh, and if you can score a table in the back, in their little glass-enclosed patio, lit mainy with an abundance of fairy lights, DO IT!
I was expecting a great meal, but nothing was very memorable. I had the bacon cocktail. It was really smoky and salty, too much for my tastebuds. I also had a Pimm's Fizz, which was bland, but refreshing after the first cocktail. The amuse bouche was a spicy pumpkin curry soup. I can't handle spicy foods, so obviously I didn't like it. All I tasted was fire in my mouth. I had the pork cassoulet, mussels, pork belly with peppers, and short rib sliders. The cassoulet looked and tasted like mush. The mussels were nothing special. The pork belly came in very tiny, very fried pieces so you couldn't really taste the meat. The sliders just tasted sweet. It was a pretty unfulfilling meal. I heard great things about the bacon donuts, but even those were a disappointment. The actual donuts were a bit on the salty side and did not have the sweetness to balance the bacon bits. There was also a grilled pineapple to end the dinner compliments of the chef, but it was just that, a piece of pineapple. I really wanted to like the restaurant because of the great reviews, but it just wasn't good.
Traif is great. Went with a friend for a quick bite. Atmosphere is good, had a conversation with the staff as I was waiting for my friend yo arrive and they are very nice and down to earth. The bar selection isn't big but refrains for the most common and not-so-good standards and they stock some better and known spirits as well as some more unknown and really good products. (How often do you find El Tesoro Aniversario in a bar in NY?) Food was delicious and at Wburg prices, somewhere between Manhattan and the rest of Brooklyn. All in all good, if the weather is good sit in the back garden, small but well decorated and lit. Lastly, being a resident of Clinton Hill I like the development going south in Williamsburg.
Myself, my boyfriend, and his mom went here to celebrate a birthday, and because we're friends with one of the chefs.  The food is definitely eccentric, so you need to be open-minded before coming here.  However, it's a great place to try some new things and branch out from the usual, because it's all done so well.  We tried almost 10 dishes from small to more full-bodied plates and all of it was great (except for the foods I'm just personally not a fan of, but I'm sure they were done well for those who are).  Definitely worth trying out if you're in the area.
Returned a second time, and again had an excellent group dining experience. This place really is just exceptional value.
I'm not even sure where or how to begin singing the praises of Traif. The restaurant, whose name translates to "unkosher" in Yiddish , has long been a staple in the Brooklyn dining scene. The cuisine it serves can't be described by the traditional genres; even Zagat is only able to place in the "Eclectic" and "Small Plates" categories. Regardless, one thing is for certain: The food served here is delicious. I'd been able to call in a few days beforehand to snag an 8PM dinner reservation; it goes without saying that these are pretty much necessary to guarantee a seating. On the planned day, we took a stroll on the Williamsburg Bridge and arrived at the inconspicuous entrance of Traif. The interior is fairly simple and cozy; tables are lined in two rows opposite the bar area, each set with a small candle for ambiance. As we were a little early for our reservation, we started with drinks at the bar. The bartender was extremely friendly, despite having to juggle multiple roles at once. As I was sipping the glass of Cava Rose I had ordered, he skimmed through the menu for us, explaining how all the dishes were very seasonal and even changed on a daily basis. With some of his recommendations, we decided on our plates for the night. One: Glazed Confit Chicken Wings. The wings were covered in an ingenious savory-spicy sauce composed of hoisin, five spice, and sriracha, covering a wide spectrum of tastes. The chicken skin was crisp and not overly fried, the interior white meat still tender. The plate was served right out of the kitchen, so the chicken was still extremely hot; eat with care. Two: Hampshire Pork Belly, Hearts of Palm, Bacon, Artichoke, and Clementine. Once I saw pork belly on the menu, there was no doubt that I was going to order it. The pork belly was perfectly seared, the interior delightfully fatty and tender. It was complemented with small bacon bits, hearts of palm, and artichoke leaves, while the hint of clementine added a hint of sweetness. There are times I find myself craving this dish because it was -that- good. Three: White Asparagus with Burrata Cheese, Roasted Hazelnuts, and Black Truffles. It was the first time I had tried white asparagus and compared to its green counterpart, was much milder in flavor. The burrata cheese was creamy, hinting on sweet, and the additional texture from the hazelnuts and the hint of the black truffle flavor made for a surprisingly rich dish. Four: Salt and Pepper Shrimp with Cauliflower. While I was a little hesitant to try this dish, I eventually was grateful that my palate had expanded to include seafood. The seasoning on the shrimp wasn't too zealous, allowing us to get the actual taste of the shrimp in each bite. The cauliflower was lightly charred, giving a smoky edge to an otherwise bland vegetable. A spicy, sriracha-based sauce was a smart addition to this plate. Five: Barbecue Short Rib Sliders. The short rib was so tender that it was clear it had been braised for hours. I wish that the sauce that had been used was a little less sweet and a little more spicy, it was was nonetheless delicious and the ratio of filling to bread was just right. The sweet potato fries were just as satisfying; they were served warm, neatly seasoned, and paired well with the smoked paprika aioli they were served with. We couldn't go home without trying the famed Bacon Donuts, of course. We were presented with four small glazed doughnut holes, sprinkled with bacon bits, and finished off with a scoop of coffee ice cream. While I wasn't blown away by this concoction, I certainly see (and tasted) its appeal. It's a smart combination of sweet doughyness against the salty, savory bacon bites and definitely worth an order, especially on your first visit. I have no qualms declaring that Traif delivers the full dining experience: a warm and comfortable dining environment, knowledgeable and professional staff, and an eclectic, creative menu that brings out a variety of ingredients, tastes, and cooking styles. Dishes are very reasonably priced as well, which means that it's perfectly all right to put Traif on your regular restaurant rotation... which, trust me, I already have.
Sunday brunch at Traif outside in the enclosed patio with the view of the garden - Priceless. We got there at 11:30am right when it opened and got seating no problem at all. The enclosed patio is nice because the restaurant had the portable heaters on so you can still enjoy being "outside" without being too cold. I wanted a light brunch so I ordered the Egg-in-a-nest (brie roast portabella grilled cheese and truffle cream). Let me tell you something. It was not light.  It was amazing because it seemed like they grilled on butter and the whole sandwich was oozing with delicious butter. The texture on the grilled cheese was like a bit crunchy, a bit creamy, and savory. It was perfect. E had the chilaquiles. It was very filling and creamy but the taste got tiring if you are eating the whole thing. We also ordered bacon doughnuts with the coffee ice cream. I was a bit disappointed in it as i was expecting this strong bacon taste with the donut. It seems that they just glazed it with the slight taste of bacon and added bacon bits.
I hate writing reviews. Especially when whatever I contribute will be lost in the pile of 187 wildly descriptive reviews but I felt the need since the operators of Traif (Heather and Jason) have become my ace in the hole spot if I need to impress a girl. The food is beyond spectacular; everthing on the menu is phenomenal. Jason pulls inspiration from all over the globe. And it never fails to impress. The prices are sooooooooo affordable. $15 for a slab of foie gras, try getting that in manhattan (oh and it's the most expensive thing on the ever changing menu!) Anyways, take a date and watch her try to contain herself. Just try to get some of the credit for finding the place as my date kept talking about how if she could find a guy that could cook like Jason she'd be his slave. I need cooking lessons...
The food was amazing.  Not all the dishes were perfect but most of them were.  Cute spot eat outside in the back!
Went there last night, had amazing food, our server had a great attitude. the amuse bouche was a small cup of pork broth, it was amazing, a small cup similar to a miso soup but soooo tasty. had the tuna tartare, it was great, i like tuna tartare in general but never had it served like this before on top of a crispy tempurad furniture, similar to a zucchini pancake. spicy rock shrimp was pretty good, not as good as nobu's but up there. the pork casserole, and in general i am not a big fan of pork, was amazing as well. very hearth and homely. the hot pot of seafood was great, full of various sea food and was in a great broth, we had to ask for bread so that we could soak them in and eat. sliders, they took a while to come out of the kitchen (like 40 minutes) but i was already wasted, so i didn't mind, and they were well worth the wait. they come w/ sweet potatoes that were fried and spiced to perfection. the desert was ok, but i think i made the wrong choice, maybe that's why i was no so impressed with it, but my gf seemed to love it.
Why do people love this place? Ikea furniture, pier 1 imports art on the wall and light brighter than Max Fish. Zero vibe staffed by people thinking they're working at a 3 star restaurant. The wait staff gives you a sales pitch instead of answering any menu questions and is spent the rest of the service impossible to flag down for a water refill, let alone drinks. They seemed more interested in turning over the table rather than serving the ones they had. Recommending 4-5 dishes per person (what!), then having them come out very randomly, including a gap of 30 minutes between some, didn't deliver a great experience. Plus, both times they forgot to bring out a dish and still tried to charge us for it. I'm assuming all of the 5 star reviews are from a bunch of woo girls and such who have never gone out to eat before.
We had tickets at the Galapagos Art Space (Floating Kabarette) and had to pick a place for dinner....referencing TimeOut's Food & Drink Awards, my choices were: A) Traif B) Pies N Thighs C) Maisson Premiere Once I read about Traif's piggy goodness, I didn't need anymore convincing.  Maybe I took the fun out of it (or the foreplay), but I saw their menu beforehand and knew exactly what I wanted.  Here's what we ordered: - Strawberry Cinnamon Glazed Baby Back Ribs: a definite must get - Bone Marrow: it was good on toast. Gelatin fatty goodness. - Bacon Wrapped Dates: the dates were too sweet - Sweetbreads, Artichokes, Asparagus, & Maitake: I didn't love it and it was my entree (I had orderer's remorse) - Seared Foi Gras, Sunnyside Up Egg, Ham Chips, Fingerlings, Maple, & Hot Sauce: very good & versatile (you could eat this for breakfast or dinner) - Bacon Doughnuts, Dulce de Leche, & Coffee Ice Cream: another must get (eat the doughnuts with your hands, don't split them with a fork or you'll smush them) Their prices are really reasonable, we received a palette cleansing amuse bouche (strawberry gazpacho), there's a garden view area in the back, and nothing is as reassuring as an open kitchen.  Get reservations - the place was packed and we were able to pick our lonely reserved table when we walked in.
I can't describe the greatness that is brunch at Traif. Everything is delectable! Try the stuffed French toast and bacon doughnuts.
Went to Traif for NYE. Not thrilled with the location but the food was impressive. Really interesting and robust flavors. Beautiful presentation. They accommodated (after appearing a bit annoyed) my seating request and I was really happy.  It was busy and I just didn't want to be squished in a seat between two huge parties and have to get brushed by servers repeatedly. I appreciated that they moved us especially on a special night like NYE. The food made the experience. I will definitely be back and recommend others get there ASAP!
Dinner (3.5 - 4 stars): Brussels sprouts - not bad; contained grapes, puffed rice, tomatoes, cilantro, mint, lime...perhaps a bit too many flavors going on. Bone marrow and steak tartare - good. my friend calls it meat butter. Rabbit pasta - good, with tasty rabbit sausage, though i still can't tell the difference between rabbit and chicken. Cinnamon/pomegranate ribs - good. saucy. messy, obv. ever so slightly overcooked.
OMG you MUST try the tasting menu while here.  It's the best way to eat your way around the menu and sample the best this restaurant has to offer.  And not bad for $45.  The wine bottle selection is also delicious and reasonably priced.   Some great dishes I had include: Glazed ribs with strawberries Pork belly, lentils and greens Melted muenster cheese with pork belly accompanied with toast Seared scallops Tuna tartare Sweet breads Bagels and lox (everything focaccia with smoked salmon) Bacon doughnuts Mom's key lime pie.  Didn't think Brooklyn can do KLP but this one was one of the best I've ever had (and I've had the original from FL too) Everything about this meal is enjoyable.  If you can make the trip out here I highly recommend trying it out.
I was really excited to try Traif on a recent trip to New York. I was somewhat skeptical though, as the bacon-fication of everything has become such a trend. Luckily everything was excellent. We had the hamachi carpaccio, pork belly, scallops and the bacon doughnuts for dessert. To drink, I had the 'Rude Little Pig'. It was delicious! You can't go wrong with a bacon-rimmed glass. Overall, great dining experience but my only complaint would be the order in which the dishes came out. The waitress explained that they like to start you out with something light and progress to the heavier dishes. So I was confused when the pork belly (the heaviest/fattiest dish) came out first. Oh well! It didn't matter much. I also have to give points for ambiance. It was POURING out when we got there, but still got to sit outside in the enclosed patio. It was a nice setting: dark outside with pouring rain but cozy inside the enclosure with candles burning and heat lamps all around.
Delicious food but terrible service.  We waited for a table for 25 minutes despite the fact that over half of the tables were empty throughout our entire meal. When finally seated, we were given a cramped table by the door. The hostess looked overwhelmed even though they weren't even half full at 8 on a Friday night. The food however, was incredible (even the items the waitress brought that we hadn't ordered). We had the calamari, ribs, muenster cheese, and sliders, all of where were out of this world!   Recommend going with patience in tack. Food easily deserved 5 stars, service a disappointing 1.
Returned to Traif a few months after going the first time and it definitely wasn't the same experience which is not a shocker. The food was just OK- we weren't as thrilled as the first time. Probably won't return.
Traif, you naughty, naughty restaurant. So devious, and yet so delicious. Your ribs, as noted by so many, were divine. Lettuce wraps with pork? yes please. Spicy shrimp accented by watermelon: om nom nom nom. And the surprise hit of our table, the broccoli rabe with truffled toast. Amazingly tasty for a "good for you" side! My drink had bacon bits on the rim... and the donuts also came with bacon bits. It was really an alpha to omega experience with the bacon, and that's just how we wanted it. So cheers to you, Traif. We'll be back, even though it means taking about 3 trains for me and the dreaded G for my boyfriend.
Just enjoyed our one year wedding anniversary dinner here, and it was perfection. They agreed to let us order the chef's tasting menu (11 courses including dessert), which is typically reserved for parties of 3 or larger. This is when I said goodbye to 12 years of vegetarianism, and hello to the best dining experience of my adult life. Some highlights from the enormous tasting menu: seared scallops with corn risotto, spicy tuna tartare over eggplant tempura, short rib sliders, and key lime pie. These were just the absolute highlights, but everything was delicious and memorable. Our waitress was so sweet and brought us champagne for the dessert courses. Service here was also phenomenal, and it really complimented the amazing food. Definitely go here. Tasting menu is $50 per person, and it was absolutely worth it. So much food, so much variety, and so much thought and care for their patrons. Love it.
I don't love bacon, and pork does take other forms.  Lots of them.  Let's not get too crazy with the bacon. Yet, the bacon-wrapped blue cheese-stuffed dates are pretty damn good.  Have those. The rest was all right - food was pretty good, beverages were acceptable.  Probably worth a return trip to see what else they've come up with.
Chef Jason Marcus has managed to not only impress me with his food but also on how everything about TRAIF just comes together into one beautiful symphony. From the attentive wait staff, to the unpretentious yet alluring ambiance (perfect for dates) and of course, the little plates of heavenly masterpieces that you can watch him cook right in front of you. It's always a good sign when the owner/head chef is at the helm when you're dining at the restaurant. We watched him put out plate after plate of the most creative, mouth-watering Tapas style dishes from a tiny, open kitchen. I ordered 3 plates: The Crispy Pork Belly, The Sauteed Veal Sweet Breads and the Braised Short Rib Sliders with Sweet Potato Fries. Each delicious plate had me anticipating the next one. From the crispy, saltiness of the fried pork belly, to the melt in your mouth sweet breads, to the perfectly cooked short ribs, I was in gastronomic heaven. Did I mention that the sweet potato fries were the best I've ever had?! The only reason why I didn't give TRAIF 5 stars is because I wasn't blown away by their Bacon Donuts w/ Coffee Ice Cream. It's supposed to be a best seller but my friend and I thought the donuts needed to be sweeter. It came across as more of a savory snack rather than a dessert. Tip: Make sure you make reservations because this place was packed (with a line waiting outside) on a Sunday evening. They open for dinner at 6:00 pm so the earlier you go, the better, especially if you don't have any reservations. Also, try to get seated near the bar/open kitchen so you can watch Chef Marcus dole out his little plates of goodness.
I don't want to write this as I've been to Traif several times and it's generally excellent. First bad experience last night. Namely: Asked what was good, the server recommended a lamb dish that turned out not to be after the menu after all. Scallops were still not outstanding as always. But downhill from there: -- Promising sounding asparagus-grape salad turned out to be a dumping ground for every piece of leftover kitchens. Way too many ingredients and a complicated dressing (c'mon Traif, try this salad. Do you think it's good?) -- Sliders and sweet potato fries still good but fries came with various debris from the deep frier basket (part of a garlic clove, a jalapeno or an olive). Pointed this out but was told bluntly I was wrong. -- Server hurriedly filling or wine glasses and slamming dessert menus on table. I get the desire to seat a new table but we had been barely 45 minutes. Let us enjoy our dinner (esp when you've seated us near two large, loud tables). -- In an attempt at a goodwill gesture, the manager plunked a throwaway dessert on our table. Nice gesture but part of the reason we come to Traif is for the bacon donuts. If you had asked.. In short, Traif appears to have lots its easy-going charm and attention to detail in favor of volume. Too many other good restaurants in Williamsburg, not sure we'll be back.
Had high expectations for this place. They didn't have bone marrow which a friend recommended. Too plain of a menu for my taste - wish they experiment more. Liked Butterfish cappaccio, foie, pork sliders.
I had been meaning to come here after all the raves and amazing reviews. Finally trekked all the way to the unknown land to me that is Brooklyn. Everyone claims that this is their favorite restaurant. I have to say some of the dishes are amazingly impressive. There was a complimentary gazpacho to start, which was very creamy and interesting in taste. I was really starting to like the flavors of this place! Then we ordered. Boy was the menu confusing! we couldn't tell when the descriptions started and when the title ended. They should work on the menu clarity a bit. We then proceeded to order the following dishes: -Seared Scallops with corn risotto- Amazing. This dish by far was my favorite. So creamy and bold in taste -Short Rib sliders- I liked it, but overall I felt a little meh about it. The sweet potato fries could also have had a little more work into it. Somehow I feel like it wasn't the best dish -Spaetzle- This was a little disappointing. I had never heard of spaetzle and tried it for the first time. This was lacking in the boldness and originality. This was a bit too bland for my taste -Seared Foie Gras- I am also a little biased over this as I have had what I thought was the best Foie Gras done in New Orleans. This was good, but it did not measure up to my expectations...unfortunately -Bacon Donuts- This was the highlight of the show. Amazing! Paired witht he coffee ice cream, this is the signature front of Traif. The savoriness of the bacon was subtle and brought out the sweetness of the glazed donuts. Really wonderful! Overall, I was impressed by thsi restaurant and would definitely give Xixa a shot. Till then, I don't think I will be back in Brooklyn for a while!
Pigs are really cute animals, but at the same time, they are delicious to eat, especially pork belly. Traif fulfills all your pork cravings. Recommended number of dishes to order: 2 dishes per person. If you order more, you won't have room for desert and the bacon donuts are a MUST TRY. Since I already mentioned the bacon donuts, let me talk about them. I never though that bacon and donuts would go well together, but they did. Top that off with a scoop of coffee ice cream... YUM!!!! The strawberry ribs are heavenly. I wish I had space to eat more of it but I was already getting full so I let Jordan J. have extra ribs. The chicken and biscuit were terrific too. Crispy fried chicken on top of a gravy covered biscuit, so good yet fills you up so fast. And the squash flower was really good, I didn't feel as if I was eating a flower, it tasted a little like eggplant parmesan.
Delicious beyond all expectations. We got the chef's tasting menu, which kept us guessing with each amazing dish. Fresh ingredients, unusual presentation and always enough to share. Drinks were pretty good as well. Not only is it incredible value but the food was so good that even when I couldn't eat any more, I had to keep eating. Coming back as soon as I can.
The bad news: I was sharing and my reluctant spouse-person drew a line at the sweetbreads. So I will have to return for those. Pretty much everything was awesome and clever. The salt and pepper shrimp are a play on Chinese American fast food, the mushrooms and barley with the duck are better than Prime Meats' mushroom spaetzle, which is saying a lot. Drinks are especially good, and clearly designed to work well with the food. A smoky tequila cocktail was among the best I've ever had.
StFRiB.  Simply.  the Best.  F**king.  Restaurant.  in Brooklyn.  This is an important acronym for those of you not familiar with Traif because it's likely to become a household word over the next couple months.   Sort of like SCUBA-  "Hey man, did anyone see my SCUBA gear?  I plan on going diving and will definitely want to have my Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus if I choose to do so..."  Like that-  except more  like "Oh my Heavens-  the meal I just ate at StFRIB (Traif) gives me more pleasure than my Iphone 4. StFRIB, dude, StFRIB." Okay, now down to brass taxes. For those of you who think Fatty Cue is a restaurant I say to thee and thine, this;  Fatty Cue is not a restaurant, Traif is.   They both have tasting type menus-  that is not unique-  the difference is that Traif serves food-  Fatty Q serves grease.   Traif's crispy pork belly relies on melons, limes and almonds for its excellence, not popcorn topping. While this is not a non-review of Fatty Q, it does feel worth mentioning it's inferiority because people keep comparing the two as if they are even remotely comparable just because you get to order a bunch of things at both.  They are not comparable.   They never will be.   Fatty Q, surrender. Okay, moving on.   I have never enjoyed food so purely as I do when I am mid bite a piece of Bigeye tuna tartar on Tempuraed (new word?) Japanese eggplant.  It is obscene how good this is.   Drizzled in balsamic vinegar and some other goodness I can't define, this is simply the best morsel of food you can purchase for human consumption.   Next- Cinnamon strawberry glazed ribs-  I don't know much about these except that they must come from some very scrumptious unborn alien kittens or something because they are out of this world. Next- Buttermilk Softshell crab-  HOLY GOD.  WOW.  Oh man.  yesssss. Next- Sweetbreads-  actually kind of gross...  Who eats baby cow glands anyway!?  Actually me-  and they're awesome.  A+ Next- Something rabbit ragu on hand pulled pasta-  Why not? Sure.  More? Next- Seared scallops in Sage butter with corn-  unbelievable. Dessert- Bacon Donuts with coffee ice cream-  Need I say more? The list goes on- and really while I've had a couple of not spectacular things there, I have to say everything is always extremely well executed and anything that didn't taste good is my fault for not being far enough evolved.  By the way, I will be dining there on my birthday.  Yay!
Yes, yes it's all true, this is one of the best dining spots in the tri-state. It's very small and magical. How the heck do they get such a top notch menu from a tiny kitchen connected to the relatively small bar? The selection was fantastic and the service was even better. Sam, was super knowledgeable about the entire menu including drinks. Oh and to have Yamazaki on the shelf takes this to a whole new level. It's taken me a few years to finally make it since it's a bit out of the way for me but it's well well well worth the trip. This is a poster child for the ideal dining experience without the pomp and circumstance of  a per se or daniel. I had the pork belly and the foie gras - YUUUUM. How do they get the combination of flavors that create such magic? There's surely some witchcraft and wizardry to conjure up dishes that creates a party in your mouth and then excited your soul to a never before experience. I want to go back asap and try everything on the menu. I didn't get a chance for dessert since I was so full. Traif, here I come...
TRAIF is amazing! Everything and everything I say is delicious. My favorite definitely was the foie gras and butterfish dishes. I don't usually say this, but those dishes are PERFECT. The taste, texture, presentation - NOM x10! I also recommend the bacon donuts. You taste the bacon, but it's not overwhelming like you would expect. It's done perfectly. I've recently moved out of NY, and this is one place I will definitely miss. Message to TRAIF owner: Would you consider moving to San Francisco? PRETTY PLEASE?
I've been wanting to try Traif since it opened and finally was able to last weekend. So what's all the hype about?!?!?! With all these 5 star reviews, I was seriously expecting to be blown away.  Unfortunately, it was an ok dining experience and have had better food at under-the-radar places in BK and Queens. I will admit what Traif tries to accomplish is very interesting and innovative, but just shies from its full potential.  I have the answer- SALT!!  Not sure if it was the chef of the evening but our food was especially bland.  The individual components of each dish were good but put together the flavors became lost.  Most of the dishes we ordered were also on the sweet side.... and had a lot of cinnamon. Here's what we had: Amuse of red lentil soup- sweet with cinnamon Pork Belly with concord grape and pistachios- love all these ingredients but surprised that this fell flat.  Would have been phenomenal if the belly was seared with more salt. Tuna tartar on tempura eggplant- this was pretty good but the eggplant was a little greasy. Strawberry cinnamon baby back ribs- a bit too sweet considering the rest of the meal. Scallops on butternut squash puree with huckleberries- there was cinnamon in the puree.  Scallops were good on their own. Sweetbread schnitzel with sunchokes and brussels sprouts- I couldn't finish this.  The sweetbreads were too greasy and the dish too sweet. The Bacon donuts were good but the bacon flavor gets lost in the dolce de leche.  The smoky/salty bits were better when they fell into the coffee ice cream.   We also had an anejo tequila drink that was nice. No complaints about the service, which was pretty awesome.
Anyone who gave this place a bad review for "small plates" must not get the small plates concept.  Three of us went and ordered 9 plates and two desserts and we were beyond stuffed.  A little about the restaurant first...being a native Brooklynite (meaning I was born there) I was skeptical about traveling to this neighborhood for a restaurant.  I know Williamsburg is "up and coming" but really it's still not the best area of Brooklyn to be found in.  Anyway, the restaurant is very near the M train stop, only two-three blocks away.  The restaurant itself is very chic and cute without a stuffy feeling.  The service was great!  All the staff were extremely nice, funny, and helpful.  From the hostess, to the bartenders, to the wait staff.  Gideon the bartender was funny and knowledgeable about wines.  I told him what I liked and he delivered with some witty conversation while waiting for my friends. Moving on to the good stuff: the FOOD!  Everything we ate I could give 4-5 stars for tastiness and complexity of taste.  When we were seated, we were delivered an amuse-bouche of red lentil soup in little cups.  Packed with flavor and much appreciated.  Here's a list of everything else we ordered: Spicy Bigeye Tuna tartare on tempura eggplant: 5 stars.  OH MY, this was definitely the best of the night!  So tasty and delicious! The Burrata: 5 stars...no words, just heaven in your mouth! Berkshire pork belly: 4 stars.  tasty and with a complexity of flavors, melt in your mouth goodness.  Not greasy in the least. Baked muenster cheese with chorizo: 4 stars, melted cheese and chorizo "fondue" with apples and crostinis...what's not to like? Salt and pepper shrimp: 3 stars...not as flavorful as I had expected.  It was fine but I would skip this dish for something more tasty and exotic. Spiced Lamb Tenderloin: 5 stars...beyond tasty, no words to describe it.  Make sure to get a pomegranate seed in your bite!  Makes all the difference! Broccoli Rabe w/ Truffle toast: 5 stars...holy COW.  Did not expect this dish to come the way it did. Torn pasta with crab: I can't rate.  I was pretty stuffed at this point and don't like crab so I didn't try much.  My companions complained that there weren't larger bites of crab but said it was overall tasty Sweetbreads: can't rate this either because I won't touch the stuff but my companions enjoyed! Desserts: Bacon donuts and Nutella mouse.  The mousse was nothing to write home about but the bacon donuts...OMG!  Perfect, hot, little puffs of sweet deliciousness with a touch of bacon.  And the homemade  coffee ice cream?  YUM.  Get this dessert, please, even if you can't fit another bite in your mouth, you won't be sorry. Overall, I gave Traif 4 stars because I need to go back again, try more dishes, and rate them 5 stars.  Can't wait to try their sister restaurant!
At a loss for words when writing this review. Wow! Simply excellent food!
I had a good time at Traif, but I don't know if I'd eat here again because everything is just so rich! The tuna tartare was unique and delicious, and we really liked the sliders. Not so much a fan of the strawberry baby back ribs... maybe my palate isn't developed enough or something but I just didn't love the combination. And yes, the bacon doughnuts are sinful and you need to eat them. Short, smart cocktail list, decent service and atmosphere.. but I felt so guilty when I left! Worth extra gym time though.
My b/f and I rode here on a Saturday night for dinner.  We decided to eat or money and drink later, so we ordered a couple of small plates to share. My thoughts in the order of most impressed: We had the bacon crusted doughnut for dessert. Oh my Jesus!  After one bite, wow!  Deeply satisfying, left me wondering... whose baby is this?  Bacon and doughnut. Mmmmmm Crispy chicken confit wings, my god! Best chicken wings I have ever tasted.  Crispy on the outside, perfect on the inside. The sauce definitely had me wanting to lick my fingers... a lot. Pork belly with  canteloupe.  Delicious, the way pork belly always should be. Cheese and strawberry , who would have thought?  A nice touch and soft and sweet. I will definitely be back here ASAP, and am considering having a small birthday dinner here this summer.  I will definitely eat AND drink, then.
My best eating experience ever. Great date spot (go on a weekday!) Five stars on all the following: Atmosphere: Back patio was incredibly romantic. Food: Yummy. No need to repeat other reviews. Service: Our server was friendly and attentive. Price: The service, atmosphere and food make Traif feel like a very fancy  place. For this experience, their prices are very reasonable. We shared three plates: the bacon-blue cheese rolls, salad, and fois. I was expecting to eat more, but then realized I was indeed quite full. Might be a better idea going with a large group and tasting a lot more things :)
This place is amazing!!  We did the tasting, of course.  At $45/person for 10 courses, why wouldn't you!?  There were 10 of us with many food restrictions - a pregnant girl, a girl who only eats white meat chicken out of meat, one guy who does not eat fish and a girl who is allergic to shellfish.  You would think this would be difficult for the restaurant but no!  They were great about it.  The food came out quickly in the beginning but they slowed down as soon as we asked for it.  I especially loved the scallops, beet salad and bacon donuts but honestly, everything was wonderful.  Everyone kept saying they could not wait to go back.  Drinks were delicious, our watier Cal was great.  Aaron also helped out and he was great.
This place is AMAZING. Lobster risotto is to die for. Will absolutely be back... Well done chef!
I heard about Traif from a foodie coworker but it took me another two years to make my way here. Boy I'm sorry I've waited this long. I planned the outing at the last minute and was able to score reservations the day before. We did the tasting menu and everything was soooo good. I was so full at the end but couldn't resist having the bacon donuts. I will be back!
OMG, Traif reminds me of Animal in LA but only better.  I trekked to Williamsburg for this meal and I was so impressed. Bacon-wrapped blue cheese dates - just the right mix of sweet and saltiness BBQ Sliders - these may have been THE BEST sliders I've ever had Baby Back Ribs - my friend loved these but I think they paled in comparison to the sliders Bone Marrow - I've only had limited experiences with bone marrow but I found this one to be a positive one. Bacon Doughnuts - WOW!!!!! I thought this was another bacon gimmick but this was the real deal.  The dough was warm and chewy and the sauce was sweet and delicious and the bacon added the perfect amount of crunch and flavor. Lots of dishes + alcoholic beverages = $80 dinner for 2. Can someone please please please open a place like Traif in LA?  It was a magical evening.
I've dined here a half dozen times and it is now clear that Traif is the best restaurant I've eaten at in Brooklyn by leaps and bounds. I can now heartily recommend the fish carpaccio, seared foie gras, pork belly, duck confit, strawberry ribs, shredded pork sliders with sweet potato fries, bacon risotto, basically the whole menu aside from the pigtails and sweetbreads atm. The food is so inventive and fascinating but completely accessible and enjoyable at the same time. Culinary acrobatics that all work. And a great bottle of wine to boot! This is becoming an obsession.
Called last minute on a Friday night but couldn't get a reservation til 10! (books up fast so def make one in advance)  Headed over anyway around 6:30 and snagged a prime seat at the bar with a view of the kitchen which turned out perfect! Got to see the prep of all the dishes which was helpful in making our selection from a menu where everything sounds delicious.  The helpful staff will gladly give you a run down of their favorites to assist though.  Highly recommend the ribs, tuna, foie gras, and of course bacon donuts.
Despite the fact that the food was excellent, I can't give highest marks because of the obnoxiously tiny portions, even for tapas. The $16 lobster polenta was very tasty, but there was barely enough for 3 people to get a *taste*.  Sliders were also delicious, but $9 gets you two sliders and a handful of fries. You can add sliders at $3 a pop, but our waiter wouldn't let us do so after the fact which I thought was a bit restrictive. Great food and ambiance, but I left hungry.  Be prepared to get 3+ dishes per person if you come with an appetite.
One of the finer meals I've had in a very, very long time. The kind of meal that you continue to talk about for days on end. Fine dining these days IMO has taken a back seat for small plate establishments. The days of three course meals are over. Emerging from the scene are places like Traif, where laid back decor meets creativity, and tastes to wield any imagination. Tuna tartar - every establishment makes tuna tartar so it's all the same right? Wrong. With a crispy fried eggplant nestled underneath delicious tuna tartar. Combination of flavors are explosive and you'll want to eat it slowly to savor each bite. Pork Belly - this may be the best piece of mouthwatering, melt in your mouth pork belly I've ever eaten. So tender you can cut it with a spoon. Flavor is amazing. Escargot with sausage - good but not as epic as the pork belly. Short rib sliders - this was great. Remind me of Fetta Saus pulled pork sandwiches. Only this comes with sweet potato fries. The perfect combination. Scallops - surprisingly one of the lesser favorites. Bacon doughnuts for dessert. While I didn't taste too much bacon, the dulce de leche ice cream was a wonderful compliment. I must go back to try all the rest. Quail... Here I come.
All of our food was pretty excellent. We were lucky that we went on a day that wasn't too packed. I highly recommend their pancakes. Everyone loved their omlettes and scrambles as well. BUT service was terrible. We ordered some drinks, but it didn't get to us until we were 3/4 of the way through our meal. We repeatedly asked for it and all the waitress could say was "oh sorry, I keep forgetting" It wasn't even a mixed drink. Should could have just given us the bottles and we would have opened it ourselves.
This place is amazing.  The food is so amazing, I was dreaming about it for nights after the first time I came here.  I would come back for the food alone, even if the decor and service was terrible - but it was not!   The hostess was friendly and prompt, and we are always greeted right away.  The waiter was friendly and helpful (and remembered us after just the second time we came in).  We always had water, always were asked if we needed another drink before we were finished with our current one.  The setting is intimate, but not overly crowded and the garden is beautiful. But the FOOD is to die for.  They change their menu with what is in season, but they do keep some staples.  It's served in small plates, so you can share with your company.  Every dish I've had here is so mouth watering. Some of my favorites... Short Rib Sliders (the sauce is smokey and amazing) served with sweet potato fries with the best dipping sauce I've ever had. Tuna Tartare - I can't put into words how good these are Lamb and Chorizo meat balls with Asiago Cheese - I'm not even a huge meatball fan and these were sooo good! Duck Confit lettuce wraps - its served with a cucumber salad and a banana sauce which balance out the rich duck soo well. The wine list is great!  They offer a lot of options for glass only wine which is a pet peeve of mine.  They have Stiegl Lager my boyfriend tried for the first time at Traif and is now obsessed with.  The Iced Tea is awesome and tastes like it is made with sage - great non-alcoholic choice!  While I've only ever tried their Moito - which was great! light and refreshing- they have a pretty good selection of cocktails.   For dessert you HAVE to try the Key Lime Pie.  My boyfriends step mother came in here and is very particular about her key lime pie and said it was the best she has ever had.  It's served with blueberries and a light homemade whip cream and the crust that is perfect.  Our waiter told us that the chef's mother actually makes it herself.   All in all - this place deserves all of the amazing reviews.  I don't want to eat out anywhere else!  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying their brunch.
High-class cuisine prepared by the chef right behind the bar, with no horde of line cooks hiding in the back room. A constantly changing menu (including cocktails) and incredibly friendly staff who are eager to listen to comments and suggestions for the new place. No idea where Yelp's $$$ price comes from - especially if cash-sinks like Fatty 'Cue are also $$$ I've been there for dinner and the brunch (lobster scrambled eggs called 'The Costanza') and they're both brilliant. This is definitely one of the new gems of the area, and you should absolutely try it out.
One of the best meals I ever had. Went for brunch. Each plate was heavenly. I absolutely recommend the fried chicken and the Costanza. But in reality everything was absolutely amazingly breath taking.
Incredible food. Do the $50 chef selection if you're a first timer. Everything was perfect. My favorites were the tuna tartare, the duck confit, the fluke sashimi, scallops with risotto, and the short rib sliders. Least favorite was the sweetbreads, which was a bit flavorless. Fantastic wine selection. Traif is hard to get out to but it's worth the trip!!!
Thank god Bacon is approved by the catholic church. Salad with bacon. Bacon wrapped dates. Bacon doughnuts. And then we moved into the seared foie and chicken and biscuits! Traif is not located amidst the bustling restaurant scene of northwest Williamsburg, but it's convenient location right off the bridge makes it an even quicker trip for those Manhattanites who like to dine in Brooklyn without being scene. Like most great Brooklyn restaurants, Traif will fill up later on into the night so if you really want to enjoy a variety of food and not wait to long, try for a 7pm seating. The sliders did take a while but since everything comes out when it is ready to go, those sliders were worth the wait. I'm adventurous and highly recommend the seared foie (duck liver I believe) but you can fill up on appetizers here. The pasta and aforementioned chicken and biscuits were also a hit but I'm definitely going back to try the pork cheeks and maybe a seafood entry. The larger than expected dining room and enclosed back patio made the restaurant seem less crowded than it was. The dim lighting of course makes it hard to read a menu, but when in doubt, just ask the waitress and remember to leave your hatred of pig and shellfish at the door.
I don't even know where to start.......I had some very naughty dreams about BACON DONUTS last night... OK no I'll start from the beginning. Went out last night for ladies night and at 8:30pm on a Friday night, Traif is packed. Since we had an hour and fifteen minute wait, we went up the block to a bar and had drinks. So we finally get into Traif and they amaze us with an amuse-bouche, a tiny cup of this delicious pumpkin soup. I have never been anywhere where they offer n amuse-bouche so I felt very classy. Then they brought us the menu...OMG!!! Let me explain Traif to you first. Traif is not an appetizer, entree kind of restaurant, they just have small dishes that they set in the middle which the tables share. This is what a table of 6 girls ordered: 1 duck con-fit lettuce wraps, banana-tamarind, cucumber salad 1 crispy, braised pork belly, avocado, corn, tomato marmalade 2 thai spicy-sweet chili-glazed calamari 2 strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs 3 con-fit, crispy, chicken wings, five-spice glaze 1 lamb & chorizo meatballs, chipotle cream, manchego 2 bbq, braised short rib sliders, sweet potato fries Alot right?? But damn it I would do it all over again, except maybe the lamb and chorizo meatballs and the pork belly which were just okay. Everything else was delicious. So we're all stuffed beyond belief, but I refuse to leave without trying the BACON DONUTS. So we ordered one for all 6 of us to share. These damn BACON DONUTS!!! SO FREAKING GOOD!!! Cut to us ordering 2 more!!! The BACON DONUTS are so good that I can no longer mention them without putting it in caps because that is the respect they deserve!! The picture I took of them with my phone is now my screen saver. The best part of all with this dinner is that for all this food and drinks the bill was only $153 for the 6 of us!! So cheap and so good and those damn BACON DONUTS!!! My new favorite place....
Hands down my favorite restaurant in the hood.  Heather is so wonderful when you walk in you feel like you're at home and Jason's cooking is out of this world.  Favorite dishes by far are the braised short-rib sliders, chicken wings and strawberry glazed shortribs.  served as small plates you can make a meal out of one these three paired with a smaller dish like the tuna tartar.  and leave room for desert - bacon doughnuts. full write-up at douginbrooklyn.com/words…
I have since been here probably 6-7 times and it has become my favorite restaurant in NYC, hands down. The only downside is how DAMN loud it gets. And the wait. Sigh. But the food...so good. So good.
Really great for parties of 4 and up. I like the small plate servings and being able to try everything b/c everyone orders a few plates per person. The food comes out in perfectly spaced out timing (if that makes sense) so you never feel like you're waiting too long for anything and the food comes out hot. Two words: bacon donuts! You've been warned, now go and try them.
My fav restaurant in williamburg for dinner - new American small plates (served tapas style) the tuna tartar on the tempura eggplants are wonderful and the grilled foie with eggs and maple syrup hot sauce is legit...every plate is really great though. Totally reasonably priced (dishes vary from $5-$14 depending on size) especially considering how great the food is. I typically order one or two dishes more than the amount of people eating and it works out perfectly
I was there back in the fall and the dish I remember the most was not a pork dish, though we must have tried at least half the menu and everything was top notch. I was blown away by the dish of thinly sliced grapefruit, hamachi, and avocado. The combination may sound odd, but trust me...it's a good time in your mouth.  I'm not sure this particular dish is available anymore as, with any good restaurant, the menu is based on what's in season.   But go with a group of friends who like to share, expect to spend about $40-$60 a head, and you will have a fantastic night of eating.
I liked Traif. The place itself was pretty cool, and it wasn't AT ALL crowded, which was surprising. We had the tuna tartare, followed by the truffle toast/egg/rabe, some whole roasted fish (IDK IT WASN'T MINE) and I had the scallops. The scallops. Were. Beautiful. The tuna tartare was great too--it was served on fried potatoes (think potato chip, thicker though, not crunchy really) and were a little spicy. The amuse was some type of chilled gazpacho-esque soup in a shot glass, and to close they gave us a cube of watermelon with who even knows what on it (I had had two of the Spritzes by this time, which were a fresh take on a mimosa, and therefore I just didn't really care when she told me what it was), but it was cute, and refreshing. Ohhh right and the bacon donuts, just get them. Generally, though, it was all very good and my cook/boyfriend (who is EXTREMELY hard to please) really liked it as well. I'd go back if I weren't so tired of cute Williamsburg-y places.
I went here a few months ago with my boyfriend and best friend.  I still dream about the food.  The bartenders and waiters were so incredibly nice even while my friend and I were waiting for my extremely tardy boyfriend at the bar.  They even held our reservation even though our full party didn't show up for an hour after the reservation.  Every dish we tried, and we tried a bunch, was absolutely amazing.
DISCLAIMER: This review is solely based on their Chefs Tasting Menu on 7-15-14. I've been to Traif a handful of times and LOVE THEIR FOOD! However, on this fateful rainy night - we experienced a few snafus throughout our dining experience. We ordered two drinks: Red Pearl and Violet Beauregard. Super strong and delicious. Chefs Tasting Menu $50pp [no drinks included besides water] Roasted Red Pepper amuse bouche Some kind of salad which was okay (not memorable) Spicy Big Eye Tuna over eggplant : AMAZING. A MUST! One of my personal favorites. Baked Muenster Cheese with crostini and apples Strawberry Cinnamon Ribs Seared Scallops over Risotto Duck Confit over Risotto Sweet and spicy Shrimp with pineapple and melon Short Rib Sliders & Sweet potato fries Soft Shell Crab with watermelon mint salad two desserts: bacon doughnuts & vanilla panna cotta ----------------- READY?------------------------------- The chefs tasting was disappointing. I've been to Traif before and was shocked at them not including my absolute favorite dish (seared foie gras with fingerling potatoes) in the tasting menu. WHY? WHYYY?? The Great: - the Spicy Big Eye Tuna is a must order. LOVE IT. - Seared Scallops are a must. DELICIOUS. - Duck Confit was perfectly cooked and so, SO juicy. YUMMY. - DESSERTS : PHENOMENAL. The bacon doughnuts are always amazing and the vanilla panna cotta was heavenly. (passionfruit drizzle nomnomnom) The Mediocre: Everything else. I was over the ribs and the sliders. meh. boring. - Sweet and Spicy shrimp : just okay. - Soft Shell Crab : the crab tasted strange. Like it wasn't fully cooked. the Watermelon Mint salad was gross. - we had maybe 9-10 dishes but I really cannot remember what I missed. For $50pp, I thought they'd present their best dishes and a lot of what they sent out was MEDIOCRE. It was very rainy so the restaurant was practically empty but idk, SERVICE WASN'T THERE. The guy refilling our water glasses and clearing plates was excellent but when it came to the actual waiter [who was a nice guy] - he was nowhere to be found. I will return to Traif but I won't waste my $$$ on the tasting menu if they're going to send out shxtt and the service is going to be wack.... how could you not include the foie? DISAPPOINTING. But we were seated in the patio area (which is beautiful!) so kudos to the hostess for granting my wish.
Traif is a must try if you are in the Brooklyn area. The food here is amazing! We had dinner reservations on a Friday nite. Nobody ever called back to confirm the reservation, so we called them on the day of, and they made arrangements to accommodate us. We wanted to order so many things on the menu,  everything looked amazing, but since there were 4 of us, and about less than 25 items on the menu, we decided to go with the "Chef's Selection", which includes 10  plates  w/dessert for $40/person. All members at the table must participate to get this. Lentil Soup Spicy, big eye tuna, tempura, japanese eggplant, kecap manis Roasted brussels sprouts, grape, puffed rice, tomato herbs, chile vin Salt & pepper spicy white shrimp, golden pineapple, white potatoes Crispy pork belly, cauliflower, peproncini, romesco, parsley-garlic Strawberry cinnamon, glazed baby back pork ribs Sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted portobella-truffle toast, fried egg Seared scallops, butternut squash, huckleberries, pistachio, sage Confit of moulard duck leg, beluga lentil, crab apple, red wine Bacon doughnuts, dulce de leche, coffee ice-cream Panna Cotta, passion fruit, mango, pomegranate All 10 plates they served us were great! Everything was to die for, but my least favorite were the brussels sprouts, & salt & pepper spicy white shrimp. The brussels sprouts dish tasted good, but it just didnt seem to go w/the meal. It tasted like a Thai salad. The salt & pepper shrimp tasted like a dish you can get from a Chinese restaurant. Dont get me wrong, I'm not saying they were NOT good. The dishes were good, but the other dishes were definitely better. For dessert, the bacon doughnuts were much too rich for me. The panna cotta on the other hand was AMAZING! It was a great way to end a great meal! Very light but refreshing. The fruits in the panna cotta all tasted very fresh too. Definitely need to make a trip back here to try the bone marrow.
Stunning... one of the best meals I have ever had in my entire life. Highlights: pork belly, salt and pepper shrimp, porcelet, bacon doughnuts. Do yourself a favor and go there before TOO many people find out how ridiculously good it is.
Perfect for large groups.  This is my favorite place for parties and sharing amazing food tapas style.  Been here several times already and never once did they disappoint.  Bacon doughnuts are not my favorite but everything else on the menu is scrumptuous.   The service is also to be commended; the waiters and hostess are very attentive and make sure you're having the time of your life.  Don't miss this place.  It is a little cramp and dark but this adds to the fun of a large dinner group.  I don't think this place is good for kids though. I have yet tried brunch here but hey, now I have an excuse to go sunday!
I personally would like to rent space out in this restaurant. I would like to be served breakfast, lunch and dinner. The food is that GOOD. I plan to go back until I've eaten every last damn item on the menu. Shoots I hate key lime pie and Traif has turned me into a believer more like an addict. I mean panna cotta is my favorite dessert it would have been the last meal I would ask for if I were to ever be in that position but damn the key lime pie makes you want to holler. I swear somebody's grandma is behind the conspiracy. Ok let me move on to the other small plates the pork belly, prawns that i ate like i was at home, fingers dirty and all ... who needs a knife & fork i am not trying to impress anyone. The short ribs sliders, I was rendered speechless it made me do the happy dance in my seat. The sweet potato fries to die for. Like seriously, this chef is a genius. Dude, I am looking for you on the Next Iron Chef!
I could eat the strawberry ribs all dayyyy!
Traif was amazing.  The food was really good.  The service was fine.  Two of my friends and I indulged in the following: -Butterfish carpaccio with pickled blackberries, mangos, black sesame The pickled blackberries were fantastic and refrigeration may have been a slight issue as this dish also should have been colder. -Seared foie gras with fingerling potatoes, ham chips, fried egg, maple syrup and hot sauce Really?  Need I say anything further?  It was absolutely sublime.  The earth shook beneath us as we devoured the dish.  Amazeballs. -Pork belly with feta and sweet cantaloupe Succulent, seared cubes of pork belly were nicely complemented by the sweet cantaloupe and salty feta.  A restaurant that flaunts itself as a celebration of pig should be able to nail a pork belly dish.  That it did. -Spicy-sweet chili chicken wings We really enjoyed this dish and I intend to try and replicate it come football season... -Gorgonzola stuffed dates wrapped in bacon Simple and well-executed.  Sweet, salty, sour, bitter, delicious... -BBQ Short Rib Sliders with sweet potato fries A bit on the sweet side but the chipotle aioli was solid and rounded out everything else.  Smokey goodness. -Bacon doughnuts, dulce de leche with coffee ice cream This may be a perfect dessert; it was wickedly decadent.  Guilt and gluttony were suddenly nowhere to be found... Overall, we had a really nice meal and the chef clearly loves the pig.  The food speaks for itself and Brooklyn continues to impress me.  It's worth the trip in from Manhattan.  Hello, BACON DOUGHNUTS!?
Been here three years in a row for my birthday...alone, with mom, and with one of my gfs. (Not enough, btw, but I like to try other places too.) I really love this place. It's quaint and has an incredible feel inside and on the patio. The waldorfish salad with mezclun greens, pears, bacon, cranberries, nuts, blue cheese, etc. is super good for a starter. Salt and pepper shrimp are SO good...don't let the simplicity of the name fool you. Sweet potato and pineapple chunks and green beans w the shrimp creates this perfect combination of flavors that explode in your mouth! I loved the braised short rib sliders and sweet potato fries with the little sauce. Calamari - nice and crispy, awesome!...eggplant with tuna tartare - awesome (and I am no fan of the texture of eggplant)! Muenster cheese and chorizo - super rich and greasy as you would expect cheese and sausage to be but just delicious, especially when sizzling hot (as its served). I'd recommend ordering extra toast and def sharing between at least 3 ppl. I'm surprisingly not excited about the strawberry cinnamon ribs...seems like they were missing something? Wait staff is very attentive and keeps the food rolling out. A couple behind me actually asked them to slow down because they wanted more time in btwn. The staff was very accommodating. Never knew there were so many photos on yelp...no point in adding mine but if def recommend you check them out. Visuals are always nice. Make a reservation. The one thing I didn't like is that they don't typically seat just one person at a table...you'll have to sit at the bar espec if they're busy. Also I think there's a min number of ppl in your party for sitting on the patio so be sure to ask. Experience Traif. You'll be wondering where it's been all your life. Tell me if you disagree...
JUST GO! Traif is really goooooooood Atmosphere is maybe not my cup of tea (too hip) but food is delicious, surprising and, if this word exists, palate-blowing.
Probably one of the top ten best meals I have had in nyc!! The Thai basil vodka drink was also incredible! Hamachi!
Finally! I've been hearing and reading so many good things about Traif that I needed to experience it myself. Valentine's Day dinner number 2. We were quite the rebels and strolled in on a cold Sunday night without a reservation. It was like playing Russian Roulette and Lady Luck was on our side. The wait was only 10 mins for two bar seats. We'll take it!! Honestly, I felt like we had one of the best seats in the house. Situated in front of their open kitchen and the seats elevated high enough to give you a full view of the entire restaurant. Imagine getting front row seats to a Food Network show and you're one of the judges, watching and admiring their art of cooking. With old school music in the background (i.e. Unchained Melody), one can't help but feel nostalgic. Pure awesomeness. Must eats: - Spicy bigeye tuna tartare, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis - this was by far my number 1 dish there. The crispy tempura with the spicy tuna was a perfect combo. I think I could eat about 5 of these on my own. Drizzled with a black hoison like sauce. Delicious. - Hampshire pork belly, hearts of palm, bacon, snow peas, cauliflower, mango - the meat could have been a little more tender but overall, a solid dish. After all the tapas family style food, you can't skimp out on the drinks now. I ordered the Red Pearl which consist of  chili-infused vodka, thai basil, kiwi and citrus sour. Loved it! Sweet, sour then a semi spicy finish. Never thought I would like a spicy drink, but this place is definitely opening up new food/drink experiences for me. Stuffed to the brim, I wanted something sweet to finish off the night. We ordered the bacon fried doughnut with coffee ice cream (eh... wasn't impressed, kinda disappointed) and their key lime pie which was SOOOOOOOOO good!! Apparently, one of the chef's mother makes it from NJ and drives it over every few days. Wow is all I gotta say. GET IT!
The food was pretty good.  The imaginative flavor combinations mostly succeeded, though the amuse-bouche = just ok.  Also, the items served alongside the shrimp in the spicy shrimp dish all ended up with the same texture and took on a sort of homogenous spicy-sweet flavor.   The brussel sprout and popped rice dish was really tasty, as was the truffle/portabella and broccoli rabe dish.  One of the members of our party had seared scallops which apparently were excellent. Why three stars and not four?  Because the service was pretty bad.  Our entire party was unanimous on that fact.  I elaborated in an earlier iteration of this review, but was contact by the server on behalf of the restaurant.  The server, whose name I redacted, apologized and I no longer feel it's necessary to explain the several things that disappointed us. So the food's pretty good, the service wasn't, but maybe the server was having an off night.  I'll try the place again and am encouraged that they cared enough about my dining experience to contact me directly to apologize.
If I lived closer, I would come all the time! My boyfriend and I order around 10-12 plates every time we go. I know. I know..but that I mightttt vomit fullness is worth it. You really have to make a reservation especially friday and saturday nights and if your party is bigger than 4..good luck. It's not a quiet place and the bar gets really busy with locals on the weekends. It's very dark and tables are pretty close together. You have to try: strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs bacon doughnuts vanilla panacotta Service was great, very friendly. Only downside is.. you can't get your dishes in the order you want. They ask you to order ALL the plates at once. They make a big batch for each dish and separate it into small tapas plates for whichever tables ordered the same stuff. This means that you might get the strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs followed by the equally sweet glazed confit chicken wings. Can you see what I'm saying? The random order of things might throw your taste palette off. But anyways! It doesn't matter. It's still too good.
Wow. Haven't had a dining experience like this in ages. We ordered: Bacon wrapped, blue-cheese stuffed dates over spinach Brussel sprouts Strawberry cinnamon glazed baby back ribs Bacon doughnuts The food was amazing...well prepared, well paced, and aptly sized. The service was quick, hospitable, and interested in our experience, which was a pleasant surprise. The champion dish was the strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs. I don't even like ribs, but I enjoyed these so very much. It was out of character. Maybe it's my love of all things seasoned with cinnamon? Who knows, but you get five deliciously crisp, gooey ribs for eight dollars? That's a steal! I have one criticism, though, and it's not about the food. The interior of the restaurant belies its talented kitchen. It's dark, it's underwhelming, there are random sparsely placed pieces of artwork on their long, awkward wall. The menus are crowded and difficult to read, a lot of that having to do with the typeface in use. Traif! Get your stuff together. Pick a theme and find some talented designers to take your restaurant to the next level. You deserve it!
I think I came here on an off night. saw the reviews and pictures. It looked really really good. I got there and it was a 101 degree night out. We were placed in front of the stove (that is placed directly next to the bathroom with a slew of people waiting to use it???) Anyway..The ac wasn't working that night. The cook looked sweaty and bothered. All the dishes were different renditions of the ones I really wanted and when it got to the table, sweat was pouring from my face onto my food (I like the taste of salt anyway, no problem) but when It got to the table I felt like I was staring at my dishes as if I were Derek Zoolander staring at the " The Derek Zoolander School For Kids Who Cant Read Good And Want To Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too". At the end I realized the pictures of the dishes were up so close, it made it look like family style, while actually skinny hipster portions with a macro lens . Can we Start taking pictures with a Visual Porportion SCALE, People????  Lol anyway definitely might have been an off daay. Will try again and review accordingly.
I have to preface this review with the fact that I was always a tapas hater.  When we made the reservations my friends even warned me and said I know its tapas but give it a chance, so I did.  This was the first time ever that I left a tapas place extremely satisfied, and not hungry at all.  Traif is a small venue, but very quaint and intimate.  We had reservation and didn't have to wait very long considering they were booked for the entire evening. With 4 of us in our party we ordered 12 small dishes, a variety including fried green tomatoes, baked muenster cheese, shrimp, tuna tartar etc.  The food came out in increments, one or two at at time, which made for a nice flow to the meal.  We were able to try a few things and slowly keep moving through our selections, which were magnificent one after the next.  The food was truly delicious, I was very impressed with the taste, the presentation and the unique pairings.  Who would have thought to serve tuna tartar on fried eggplant, whoever did was a genius!  Every dish was great, we couldn't have been happier with our choices.  The service was also top notch, very friendly, offered recommendations and was attentive.  I can finally say that I enjoyed a tapas dinner,and for the first time left extremely full!
I finally made the trip across the bridge to visit Traif and it was definitely worth it! From my experience, you NEED reservations. Call there and leave a message. They will call back to confirm, if they don't, then you're not confirmed. Try 2-3 dishes per person. They recommend how many to get based on your group size, but it's on the small side if you're hungry or dining with more guys. My favorites were the big eye tuna, baked muenster chorizo crostini, and the bacon doughnuts!! Great service and nice laid back atmosphere.
My friend and I went for dinner, ordered 5 plates, all of which were delicious and filling! The bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates were heavenly! The pork belly was 2nd favorite(cooked perfectly) followed by short rib sliders, ricotta and of course the bacon doughnuts. The coffee ice cream was possibly the best I've ever had, that coming from a serious coffee advocate. Unlike other tapas type restaurants, TRAIF seemed to put thought into the order they brought the food out, they also brought them out with perfect timing to one another instead of bombarding the table with plates. Only complaint would be after tasting 3 different types of white wine, all tasted similar and watered down.
Great food, good drinks!  I love the specialty beers. Small portions and a bit pricey though.... loses one star
This could be a great addition to the neighborhood.  Nice menu and a clever concept.
Foodie Paradise! (disclaimer: if you love pork and shellfish). We got the Chef Tasting Menu -- Lots of food... GOOD food. It was about 10-12 share-able plates. Yes, it can seem that there isn't enough food on the plates but they proportion it to your party size. I ate here with my two guy friends who can EAT, and we were all full. ps: make a reservation in advance or its wait list for counter service.
As everyone else seems to agree: this place is special. Yes, the food is great but what really separates Traif from the rest of the restaurant pack is it's price tag. Since they serve solely small plates it is easy to eat a meal the way you would personally like to. There aren't any $20+ entrees. All they serve is a delicious seasonal menu featuring plates from $7-$17. Come in for a drink and a couple of plates, or take out your girl and you won't break the bank. Because of this Traif is incredibly versatile and can suit any event, budget or craving. Also, yes, the food is delicious. Some dishes are more or less delicious than others. The shrimp with pineapple and sweet potato caught my eye but disappointed me only because it reminded me so much of the rock shrimp appetizer at Ako sushi. And now I am ramblin...
I thought the apple slices that went with the fondue were too thin. That was literally the only thing that I'd have changed about my meal. Everything else was amazing. A great meal ignites the senses and feels inspirational. Traif is very high on my list places to recommend when they simply want a fantastic meal. It reminded me why I go out to restaurants in the first place. The creativity, the execution... everything.
First, let me say, our meal here last night was great. My husband and I brought an out-of-town friend, and had a blast. We had been once before, so we knew what to expect. Our friend was delighted by the porky goodness of everything. Sometimes sharing small plates can be awkward, IMHO. But Traif gets it right on portion sizes and flavors. Everything on your plate will be a sensation to taste, including garnishes and sauces. The cocktail with the salty-sweet bacon rim was a big hit with the guys. We had the: Strawberry mozarella salad Bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates Brussels sprouts Broccoli rabe w/ toast and a fried egg - one of my faves Pork cheeks - yum! Spare ribs - even more yum! Bacon donuts - 2 orders, yikes What Traif does not do that well is some parts of service. Given, it was a very busy night, but we sat without water or drinks for 20 minutes. After asking for sparkling water 3 times, our waiter finally came with a bottle and apologized. We were all drinking cocktails, but getting a fresh one took forever. The food comes out in waves, timed pretty well.  They did send a cool amuse of "bacon broth" which we slurped down happily. And honestly, once the piggy onslaught commences, you forget all about the waiting. Great place, great vibe, great food.
This is truly as good as it gets. The food, the service, and the atmosphere were fantastic. We sat outside under a canopy of grape vines, and it was just lovely. The waiter brought out a chilled corn soup, compliments of the chef, that was delicious. The heirloom tomato and strawberry salad was the perfect combo of sweet and savory, the stuffed corn cakes were super flavorful and delicious, and the tuna tartare on the eggplant tempura had the perfect amount of crunch and smoothness, with a kick of spice. But the lamb and chorizo meatballs were out of this world. I have been thinking about them non-stop...it's a problem. This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. YUM.
I can't believe this is my 200th review! I came here with two friends after a much anticipated wait and Traif did not disappoint. We each got a few cocktails, some bubbly, and the tasting menu. The tasting menu is SUCH a steal. For $45 each, we got nine courses and two desserts. The tasting menu included: -Pork Belly with lentils -Pork cheek -Tuna tartar -Hazelnut salad -Foie Gras -the infamous strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs -clam chowder -little sloppy joe type buns -scallops The dessert came with a key lime pie and the bacon doughnuts. My favs included: the pork belly with lentils, the foie gras, the strawberry cinnamon glazed ribs and the bacon donuts. Our waitress was very kind and accommodating. I don't like cheese, but didn't want to ruin the meal for my companions, so she mainly avoided the cheese items, but for the buns she put cheese on two of them and left mine without. We were also allowed to give suggestions for the tasting menu. We requested the foie gras the ribs and got both. For my cocktail, I got a drink with a raw egg in it. Twice. I learned the hard way that you should probably only get one drink with a raw egg in it. Womp womp. It is places like Traif that remind you that you can great absolutely great food without spending a bloody fortune. If you use places like this as a guideline, it makes it very hard to give out tons of five-star ratings. I highly recommend a trip out to Traif. It is well worth it.
All I have to say is wow. Went here randomly expecting the usual tapas. Boy was I wrong. Ordered 8 tapas and I would scale all a 10 out of 10. If you even slightly like pork, you will fall in love with this. Two words: bacon broth.... Some stuff I Ordered: Pig tail Strawberry glazed ribs Bacon donuts Calamari Update: Came back here 3 more times, and ordered more new things, and was just as good as the first time. Love this place, will be coming back here over and over again
I was skeptical... over 500 reviews and Traif still has 4.5 stars? Couldn't be that good.. could it?  Yes...it can.   Went with a friend visiting town, and the fact they take reservations was a huge bonus.  Service was consistently great from the moment we walked in.   So the small plates- I wish I could go back soon with more people so I could try everything.  We had 5 dishes, all of which were really delicious. The butterfish carpaccio was a nice way to start off.  Light, full of flavor.   Then the broccoli rabe, which was so spot on.  Broccoli rabe tends to overpower other things on the plate for me, but it balanced really well with this dish.   We had a pasta dish with some sausage in it.  Probably my least favorite dish because it was a tad bit too salty for me, but it honestly went great with my beer (Prohibition Ale).   Then the spicy tuna dish came out.  THAT was memorable.  Fresh cold tuna with spicy sauce on it, all on top of a warm pastry/bread and eggplant.  I can't explain it, but the combination your mouth says it all. And the braised short rib sliders were tasty too. Probably the best sweet potato fries I've had.  And I'm obsessed with sweet potato fries. Lastly, the infamous bacon doughnuts with the coffee ice cream.  You just have to do it.  Don't look at any other option. (That is, if you like bacon.  And if you're at a place called Traif, you must like bacon.)
I had high hopes for Traif.  A couple dishes were great--sardines with peppers, and broccoli rabe especially.  The problem was that the main dishes--scallops, ribs--were disappointing.  The ribs were wayyyy too sweet, although a cinnamon/strawberry glaze sounds good, the flavors just weren't incorporated and it tasted a bit like jam. I think they do better with the more adventurous stuff.   Everything we ordered as a "risk" was interesting and complex.
Wow,  in this case you can believe the hype. Long story short, they do a very good job with service and the chef really knows how to cook.  Will be going as much as i can before it get too popular.
Traif was my January entry into my family's ongoing "Who can find the most delicious food" contest. I can confidently say that I am winning. (Of course, I am the only person playing with Brooklyn restaurants, which gives me an unfair advantage, but I digress.) Part one, drinks. I got the Winter Cabin cocktail, which had rye and orange and some other flavors. Actually, I got two of them, because it was delicious. There were at least two other cocktails on the menu that I wanted to try, and I didn't even look at the beer or wine list. Part two, food. The food is incredible. We got eight dishes for the four of us. Some of them were very elegant, such as a venison tartare. Others were classed-up comfort food, like the cinnamon-strawberry ribs and the pork sliders. I liked the comforting options best: the ribs, especially, were hard to share, even with my cherished family members. But I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu, and the staff can help you figure out how much and what to order. By the time the third or fourth dish was brought out, we had all realized that we were in the presence of Great Food. By the end, we were crazed fanatics who could not stop talking about how amazing all the food was. And just to be safe, I made my parents swear not to tip off the Times.
Three of my friends and I came here on a Sunday night around 6PM, and we were REALLY hungry. Good thing we got seated right away, even though half the restaurant was already filled up. I was surprised cause it was so early. +1. Atmosphere and decor: The place is very clean. What I liked most about this place was that the kitchen was literally open for everyone to see. You can tell that the food that they serve were very fresh. They don't leave plates out in the open; when it's finished, it travels right to your table. Some of the tables were cramped together, but the place is small so I can understand that they try to fit as many people as they can in there. They also have something like an outdoor seating (it's not really outdoor, more like a greenhouse kind of thing) which seemed pretty interesting. It was all filled by the time I got there though. +1. Food: The food was really good! For a party of 4, the waitress recommended that we order 8-10 dishes of food, cause the portions are really tiny. Some of the dishes that I really liked were: the Spicy Bigeye Tuna, the BBQ sliders, the veal, bacon doughnuts. Basically for 4 people, you got a taste of each plate, which would be nice if you weren't REALLY hungry. But the BBQ sliders were my favorite. The pork is shredded and it was so savory. It comes with sweet potato fries and dipping sauce. A plate only comes with two sliders though, and adding additionals cost $3, which is totally worth it. Based on the reviews, I also wanted to try the bacon doughnuts. It was one of the reasons why I put Traif on my list of restaurants to try. It was good, but it wasn't as exceptional as I expected it to be. I barely tasted the bacon, but the doughnut had a nice glazed taste. The coffee ice cream was really good though. It had like bits of coffee beans (I think) in every bite. Very good! I'm not that big of an ice cream fan either, but I like this one. We also ordered hard cider, and it was a bottle for $10. This tasted pretty good too. You can taste the alcohol (6%), but there was more of a cider taste. Lastly, they gave us small glasses (about the size of a shot glass) of asparagus soup on the house. It was delicious! But part of that might be due to our starvation. +0.5. Price: The portions are small for what we paid for, but the quality makes up for it. For 4 of us, it cost us about $31pp for 7 plates + extra sliders + hard cider. This included tip and tax. I don't know if this would be a place to go to if you're really hungry and not willing to sacrifice your wallet though. I remember my friends and I joking about eating pizza afterwards (we're not big spenders on a daily basis). But we ended up being satisfied with what we ordered. The menu is printed on paper and had a date on top, so I'm assuming they have a different menu each day, which makes it exciting. From what the waitress said, the lighter dishes are on top of the list and the heavier ones are on the bottom. Top range about 7-15$ and bottom about 15-25$. +0.5. Service: Our waitress was friendly, but nothing exceptional. Towards the end of the night, the place got a lot more packed and she was busy running around. There weren't many waiters there and part of the service was slow. Like when we asked for 3 more glasses (for the cider), it took a while to come and our bill was a little slow. We asked her about some of the items on the menu and she would answer and cater to another customer. But she didn't have a bad attitude or anything and was ready to take our orders when we finally flagged her down. +1 Overall: I had a good experience here. My friend didn't feel too well after drinking the cider, but that was probably because she is allergic to alcohol. I eat a lot of food, so I wasn't bloated from the small portions, but I enjoyed trying the different tastes Traif offered. I'm rarely in Williamsburg, but if I am, I'd consider coming back.
When Jason Marcus and Heather Heuser opened Traif right on the border of Hasidic Brooklyn and hipster center Williamsburg the name generated plenty of buzz among food critics and bloggers alike. It was one of the few restaurant openings outside of Manhattan that was met with much anticipation.  But even with its cheeky logo of a cute little piggy, Traif wasn't just hype. Working within a small open kitchen, Marcus dishes out plates made for collective foodgasms. If you're a group of 4 or more the Chef's tasting menu is highly recommended. On a recent visit, this feast started off with a seasonal salad and quickly followed by a spicy tuna tartare on a bed of eggplant tempura. The contrast in texture accentuated the flavors of an otherwise classic starter. Some of Traif's signature dishes followed. The seared foie gras with fingerling potatoes, the scallops with apples, and the honey BBQ ribs. Thankfully they adjust the portions according to your party so you won't need to fight over the food. There's also a sweet and sour shrimp with potatoes and pineapple and an equally Asian inspired dish of mussels. The broth is sweet and tangy and contrasted with rice cakes. Marcus' palate is obviously influenced by Asian flavors and it is this that makes the menu more surprising and interesting. Of course, his pasta and pulled pork sandwiches are also excellent. Before you know it you're done with your second bottle of wine. For dessert the tasting menu included a seasonal key lime pie and their famous bacon doughnuts. Chewy bite sized doughnuts coated in caramel and topped with crispy bacon. Delightful! Their cocktail menu is also equally inspired but when the food takes center stage most would prefer a wonderful bottle of wine that would complement the feast.
Always a great experience. Every single time my wife and I have gone for dinner, the food has been over the top delicious. Never a bad morsel comes out of that kitchen. Add insanely reasonable prices and portions big enough to share and still taste your way down the menu..... uh, hello- One of my favs in all of Williamsburg. I was actually going to list a number of the dishes which rank amongst my favorites, and then it dawned on me that I have yet to order anything here that I didn't like. Nay, love! I find it interesting that the only negative reviews of the place are from people who "had a bad experience" with the waitstaff.
My buddy helped me move to Southside Williamsburg. I wanted to pay him back, so I looked up the highest rated restaurant in the neighborhood. Good food, and although I don't buy the Yelp hype, I'm really glad this restaurant is just around the corner. I don't think it's five star worthy though. I like the concept of this restaurant: pork and shellfish in larger than tapas smaller than entree sized plates. I'd say two to three dishes per person is a good amount. Food was tasty, although I felt that everything we ordered had a sweet glaze on it, which got a little old. We ordered: Duck Confit Lettuce Wraps, Banana-tamarind, cucumber salad: Decent and tasty, nothing extraordinary. The lettuce and cucumber was especially fresh and delicious. Banana-tamarind sauce was killer. Spicy, Bigeye Tuna Tartare, Tempura Eggplant, Kecap Manis: DELICIOUS, I recommend highly Crispy, Braised Pork Belly, Avocado, Corn, Tomato Marmalade: The best dish we ordered, really good combo with the avocado and corn salad underneath. We actually didn't order this, it was mistake (I believe we got charged). But when it came out I didn't mention it, and hey it ended up being the best. Sautéed Broccoli Rabe, Roasted Portobella-truffle Toast, Fried Egg: This was a fantastic vegetable dish, the fried egg was a great touch. Thai Spicy-Sweet Chili-Glazed Calamari: Really good calamari, but the glaze really detracts from the freshness of the ingredient. A bit too much breading as well. Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs: Tasty, but again the glaze detracted from the actual taste of the meat. Service wise, our waiter must've been new because he seemed a bit nervous and was very awkward in greeting us. He also seemed to be missing a lot, but that's probably because we were outside in the garden (which is AWESOME by the way).
This place came recommended by you yelpers and the whole Traif name in the hasidic neighborhood made me giggle, so I went. It was downpouring so we showed up at 8 and got a back patio table no problem, but take everyone else's advice and make a reservation. The waitress recommended 5-6 plates for the two of us, we ordered 3 plus wine plus dessert. We were full and happy by the end. The ricotta with pears and dates and balsamic is delicious and I couldn't help but get the strawberry barbeque ribs because where else are strawberries put on top of ribs? My scared-by-exotic-food date got the sliders and they were some of the best pork sliders I've ever tasted. Sweet potato fries were standard. For dessert we went with the banana nutella thing despite all the hype about the bacon doughnut (see earlier description of my date for explanation). It was superb. Definitely try Traif on your next Williamsburg adventure!
Best tasting food I think I have ever had. The menu changes weekly but it doesn't matter. Get ANYTHING and it will become your favorite dish. I joke and tell my bf the only reason we lasted was because he took me here for our first date. Very very excited for subsequent date nights in this place.
Traif was an excellent place to catchup with one of my New York good friends - a great fusion based restaurant that was almost representative of us fusing our different worlds together.
YES. So delicious. The crispy pork belly with melon is unforgettable. And the strawberry-cinammon glazed ribs are no joke. It'll be hard not to order those again when I go back. Happened by Traif on a Saturday night. We were seated quickly, and the wait staff was all super courteous and helpful.
I read the reviews and could hardly believe someplace would be as delicious as described...and then I went for dinner last night. Let me just tell you about how they have a drink that boasts a bacon rimmed glass and they give you a complimentary shot of bacon bisque. Between the 10 people in our party we must have ordered everything on the menu from the bacon wrapped dates and confit lettuce wraps to the calamari and razor clams and it was all AMAZING. Topping it all off with bacon donuts for dessert, this place will definitely be my new "go to" place for a delicious meal and the only reason I go to Williamsburg.
