Fantastic.
Love this place.  Reminds me of a cafe in Italy.
George and I wanted a night out last weekend and I have to say, this is some of the best Italian food I have had. I was going to say "in the city," but decided to go with the period. It's actually just the best period. Loved the service, the food, everything. And I found it on yelp!!
There are so many great restaurants in NYC and I'm so accustomed to good food and I rarely find a restaurant so good that makes me go "THIS IS THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH", but that's exactly how I felt about Gaia's. The cafe is located underground so I almost missed it but it was nothing less than extraordinary. I had 2 portions of panini, a total of 4 because it was THAT good. I had the Milanese and Delizioso and they were indescribably delicious. One would think the only place to have this kind of delicious meal is at an expensive 5 stars restaurant and of course I was wrong. If you live in NYC, you have to HAVE TO try this place. I'm going to tell everyone about Gaia's not just because of its 5 stars food but also because of its 6 stars service. Amazing experience!
WOW.  This is how Italian food should be all the time.  I came here on a Wednesday afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all.  I'm usually not a fan of Italian food because I find it to be too heavy but since I live close by, I decided to drop in here to see what the fuss was all about, and boy, am I glad I did.  I have to say at first I was confused with the menu because all the items seemed pretty cheap so I asked the lady behind the counter if the portions are very small (I was thinking that maybe this was a tapas-style sort of place).  By her accent, I'm guessing she is not from America, and when she answered that the dishes are big enough for a "normal" person implying that Americans eat way too much (lol and yes, I agree), I'm pretty certain she's not from the US.  I think my question caught her off guard, but after a few seconds, she kindly explained to me that everything on the menu is a main dish, i.e., not appetizer size.  Everything on the menu looked really good but I finally decided on the spinach ricotta gnocchi with tomato sauce.  I was sorta scared that the gnocchi was going to lean heavily on the doughy side like most gnocchi you find at most restaurants but when my dish came out, i was really pleasantly surprised.  It was not carb heavy at all;  it was more like spinach and ricotta balls with a light dusting of flour on them.  They were AWESOME.  The dish also came with a side of focaccia bread which I used to scoop up the tomato sauce.  Everything tasted really, really fresh.   The dish was a perfect size; I left feeling full but not overly stuffed.  For $7, I got a relatively nutritious meal.  I'm not sure why people would eat at fast food chains when places such as this exist.  The price is the same, and this is waaaaaaay tastier and healthier.  A huge fan and will definitely be coming back to try everything else on their menu.
This is a sandwich shop that goes rouge on Friday nights serving a couple of pasta dishes.Decent food but Zero for customer service. My finance ate a few bites of his dish and decided to asked the waiter for parmesan cheese. He came back to us saying that the chef refused to serve us the cheese. At first we accepted it. But then decided that we really wanted the cheese. We asked the server a second time and he came back again saying no. We asked a third time and this time the chef came to our table and rudely asked, "What's the problem here?" We expressed that there was no problem at all but that we would like some parmesan cheese. We were then told with a high level of rudeness that, "this is a seafood dish and you do not put cheese on it." We said that we understood and appreciated her concern but that we really wanted the cheese. At this point she then told us that "You're in My House, and you'll eat it the way I want to serve it!" She went on with a few other rude comments and then walked away. First off, 3 medium, at best shrimp, cut into 6 pieces doesn't really qualify as a "seafood dish" and regardless, I'm the customer. It's my mouth, my money and my palate. So as your guest, you should simply offer the cheese. Gaia is the rudest chef/owner I have ever met. She spoke down to us like a couple podunks.  Never in my life have I been treated like that. I will be honest, we paid for one dish and not the second. I was so upset on how we were treated that I lost my appetite. I simply could not support an owner who completely belittles their customers. Having been in the luxury hotel industry for 15 years, eating in the best restaurants around the world and eating out 3-4 times, this is the first time I've ever walked out of a restaurant. She has absolutely no respect for the people who come through her doors, unless of course you willing to so has she says.
I want to give this place 5 stars, but I need to eat 3-4 sandwiches to get full every time I come here. The food is damn good though. My buddy ordered a special that he was told only the head check could make.   Props to them for quality control.   Will repeat.
I'm giving this place four stars for the value. While the food here is good, it's not the best I've had but it is so darn cheap for the quantity they give you. The buffala mozzarella with tomato is a must-try as is the prosciutto plate with cheese (I didn't eat the prosciutto but people thought it was delicious). The spinach gnocchi was decent but there was less of the gnocchi. The pappardelle with eggplant and the one with lobster were mediocre dishes - not enough sauce or something. The lasagna and the meatballs were good. I didn't try the sausage and beans but heard that was good. Overall, it cost less than $15 per person and we were all extremely full. This place is BYOW/B so we brought 3 bottles.
I love this place! Small place, cute and comfortable.   I came here on a Saturday expecting a short wait after reading the reviews but to my surprise no wait, (win!).  I tried the Chicken & Pesto Panini and it was just heavenly, the bread was thin and nicely toasted,  the chicken meat was juicy, savory, flavor bomb.  Their sandwiches are not very large (I can probably eat 2 myself) but for $5.00 a pop not bad considering the quality.   I can't wait till the next time we meet Gaia.....
Small cozy cafe on east Houston street. Has a very comforting vibe. That being said, I'm just going to talk about the food and service. They have a couple of vegetarian options on the menu, which are equally good and have been given a lot of attention to, whilst making and serving, unlike most small places, where vegetarian mostly looks like side-thrash or leftovers. The bread was really good, the ones they served alongside. The service is run by a couple of people, but, very sweet people and efficient! We ordered savory pastry, panini delicato, pesto lasagne and spinach ricotta lasagne. (I'm not sure if that's exactly how they are named or spelt). The savory pastry - the bread has a soft, melt in your mouth feel like a croissant that's served fresh and warm. It is definitely a recommendation. I'm not going to describe everything in detail, but definitely check this place out, try the food and talk to the lady behind the cashier's desk, she is delightful.
Seriously, 10 stars. I can't get over how amazing/affordable this place is. Bring your own wine, and book reservations.
Birthday dinner at $30 a head for eight amazing courses and byo. Gaia is a sweet heart and she's making due with a limited kitchen. I've lived in Italy and this food is delicate and authentic. We had an incredible time!
After spending some time in Italy, I can say she is pretty Dan Italian and get food is delicious, Tons of vegetarian Options but the spinach and ricotta nyoki and Paninis are the best
A friend from LA discovered this hidden gem and highly recommended it. Hubby and I decided to give it a try and we give Gaia two thumbs up! 4.5 stars for food, an extra 1/2 star for the price. Small and cozy, owner is the chef who makes the food. Service here is warm and friendly. Two of us shared 3 items from the menu - Prosciutto panini (really good!), rigatoni with pesto sauce (good!) and spinach ricotta gnocchi (super good!!) The table next to us ordered a salad that looked amazing, I will definitely come back and try that.
The food here is still phenomenal but unfortunately I have been mistreated by Gaia one time too many. During the most recent incident, I simply called to make a reservation and Gaia refused to tell me the hours. Instead she told me to "not call without looking at the website and knowing the hours." The food here is great and she really is an amazing chef but her attitude is unwarranted and I just don't have time for that. To Gaia - I would suggest you put an online reservation system that way your customers won't have to call.
Ditto what Christine B. said below, except I actually did enjoy the gnocchi.   I loved how the owner explained the menu so thoroughly to us.  Get a true taste of Italian food!
Best freakin food I have ever had! Seriously I can't go back to cali and eat Italian food because they don't compare! If you do not eat the spinach gnocchi and the lasagna your an idiot! Very affordable. The spinach gnocchi is like nothing I've ever had before the best!!
This place is a gem. i just moved to the LES and am so happy to find this spot..so cheap and so so good/healthy..an authentic italian cafe. if you are in the area def, check it out..Her sandwiches are delicious..and they are only 5 dollars which i think is really insane considering the portions are huge.. My favorites : roast beef sandwich, milanese sandwich and arugula salad.. i heard the lobster pasta is good too..10 dollars free wifi =)
This is the best italian food i have ever had. I had the meat lasagna and the spinach gnocci. If i had more room in my stomach i would have kept ordering. I told the chef that I was dropping everything and coming to work for her.... she could pay me in food. @Gaia Think about it......haha.
[ATMOSPHERE] This place is more than charming. The furniture is a hodgepodge collection which gives it a young hip feel. [FOOD] I came here for a meal after exploring the lower east side. I was craving Italian food and stumbled upon Gaia. I sat down at an open table and ordered the Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi. It was exactly what my tummy wanted. The flavors were simple and bold-- you can tell the quality of the ingredients by how fresh every bite tastes. [BEVERAGE] I had a pot of green tea to escape the cold of New York in December. [SERVICE] My server was more than accommodating and very knowledgeable. I may have asked one question he didn't know the answer to but immediately went to ask the owner and came back to me with the answer. When I went to pay my check he offered me a Nutella Brioche on the house! How sweet! [PRICE] My meal was definitely worth the money. I would recommend this place to anyone craving a casual delicious Italian meal.
TL;DR - Don't be so harsh! Gaia, I miss you :[ What I'd do for a plate of the black squid in linguini with artichoke hearts, lemon and parm..... :[ Also, for those complaining about bad service. Gaia tries her best because she basically runs this place alone. Anyone who has eaten here knows that the food could be basically double the price (esp in new york city). She is under an immense amount of pressure and everything she does serve, she makes sure it is top notch. Bottom Line: Her restaurant, her rules. And I like her attitude! (and so does my italian grandma, haha)
They probably make the best panini in this city and you wouldn't even know they were here! Brought me right back to Italy. The ingredients are top notch and simple. So glad I found this hidden gem.
Love this place, great spot for a laid back lunch date. The milanese was awesome, sadly I didn't have time to try other selections they have on their menu. Definitely will be back.
I just walked out of Gaia... all i can say is AMAZING! The panini bread is crisp and delicious. I had the Bubi which is mozzarella, basil and tomato... it was mouthwatering, I'm already planning my next trip there to work my way down the menu!!! PS- I had an Iced Latte that was to die for! perception in a cup.
Excellent food at non-NYC prices.  We had the cioppino (although it had a different name) and the lasagna.  The entree's were wonderful and enormous - we ate only half.  I had the house chianti, which was delightful - not typical of house wine offerings.  We thought the tiramisu was OK, not great. A few cautions:  note that they only accept cash.  Also, it's noisy and has pretty tight seating - you almost sit in your neighbor's lap. OVERALL:  DELISH + great value.
Wow. the food, the owner, the vibe, the prices. top to bottom, Gaia runs an impressive cafe. The decor is trendy but not overwhelming. The glass tables with the magazines under the glass add a nice touch to the place. But forget all of that. Because you come here for the food. And the lovely chef/owner, Gaia. She's straight from northern italy, calls the restaurant her home and you a guest in her home. And oh boy does it taste like that. From the panini to the salads and pasta (her gnocchi is different but I'm a huge fan) all the food is excellent, full of flavor, and prepared using fresh and tasty ingredients. And on top of all of that, this manages to be the most affordable italian spot I've been to in my life. $5 for a panini or salad, $7 for the gnocchi....really you can't go wrong. just don't ask for salt and pepper on the arugula. if you want a laugh, ask her about the salt and pepper on the argula woman....
Not from the city, and this place was a perfect intro into the NY food scene. Go here. Now.
I LOVE THE BREAD! BEST BREAD EVER!!! I ordered their panini, it came out sooo goood and the bread was crispy. I also ordered their gnocchi and I think I was supposed to get 7 gnocchi and I got only 5 :( The cafe latte was very strong and I wish they could pour some more into a bigger cup :) I paid my bill and had a little convo with the lady that works there, I told her I LOVE her bread so much and she packed me a good size of bread. SHe also gave me a little cup of her coffee frap, soooo goooddd!!! I def come back for their paninis. Cant wait to try some more!
SO INCREDIBLE. AND AT THAT PRICE, INSANE! Takes a little focus to find the place, they're below ground, but when you find it.. man this place is a treasure. The lasagna was amazing! . Spinach gnocchi too! (though not as filling as I would like) I don't think there was any item there that I tried and did not like, everything was just on point! Go with as many friends as possible and share so you get to try everything!! Thinking of their food makes me drool every time!
I've walked by this place a few times when I wasn't hungry and was surprised each time to see it there; just below ground on a block with not much else going on. Finally I remembered on a day off and went in for a bite. It was GREAT! This is a true gem hidden over on the Eastern side of Houston Street worth walking several blocks for. The owner was there to take my order and she is as sweet and gracious as can be. I love Italians, and was raised amongst them (many of my closest friends growing up and their wonderful families). This little cafe has that famous Italian hospitality from the moment you walk in the door. -People have mentioned that it can be slow. I would rather highlight the fact that this is a place where you will never feel like they're waiting for you to give up your table so that they can get another customer in your spot. If you are in a relaxed mood, want to chat with friends for a while, linger with some reading or work material, and think a few cups of coffee, a pastry, and perhaps a panini (all made in-house) sound like the perfect way to spend an afternoon then I highly recommend that you make your way here. Gratzie Gaia Café Italiano!
Ugh, If I could give this place 6 stars, I would! My wife and I live in the East Village and we found this place by accident... we were trying to go to Taqueria around the corner but the wait was too long, so we just started walking around and saw this place. SO HAPPY WE DID!!! This is one of those "hole in the wall" authentic places that is what NYC is all about. The food is AMAZING, and it's one of the only places that I always take friends to when they come from out of town... it's a MUST. And it's so damn cheap! It's super small (maybe seats 15 people?), and is first come first serve. Like everywhere else in NYC, make sure your entire group is there or Gaia (the owner) won't seat you. And believe me, she will NOT seat you. She has that authentic Italian "I don't mess around" attitude, and i love it! I already said this above, but the food is amaaaazing. My go-to dishes are: 1. Pesto lasagna (if you come here and don't order this, you are a fool!) 2. Paninis - they're all good, but the must-haves are the Bubi and the Delicato 3. Spicy bean and sausage dish The paninis are super light and should be shared. My recommendation is that you order 1 panini per person in your group, a pesto lasagne for the table, and the Spicy beach and sausage dish for the table, and then SHARE everything. Oh and this place is BYOB too so bring your own alky. Also, they're closed on Sundays, and on the days that she's open, she closes down between 3pm and 6pm, like a true Italian.
This place is really great! Cheap, fresh, simple, clean, filling. Comfort food without being crap. Gaia is always there, running things herself, and remembered my name after 2 visits. Yum! Recommended: spinach and ricotta gnocchi, arugala salad with pesto and cherry tomatoes.
Great experience every time I go. I am a teacher in the neighborhood and Gaia is always welcoming and has fresh specials every day. The panini sandwiches are spectacular! I rate it the best deal in the LES area.
Today the corp took us out for lunch at Gaia Italian Cafe. This is an amazing Place i enjoyed every bit of it. Great Place. Food -  A
I love it, I love it, I love it! Seriously... BYOB, cheap food, friendly staff... what is there not to love about this place? Oh yeah... not to mention, their AH-MAZING food. No, they do not make substitutions... but requesting a substitution is just being plain rude. Especially when the chef makes such delicious food for such a reasonable price. Last time I came to Gaia (which was also my first, but definitely not last), we were in a bit of a time crunch so I ordered the most *ahem* diet-friendly meal (beans and spicy sausage) and I went to TOWN on that platter. But, having said that, next time I am definitely ordering for everyone so that I can get to try all of what they have to offer. I can't wait to try the pesto lasagna. I don't know if it's the diet or the food, but I am salivating at the very thought of pesto lasagna. Mmmmmm... pesto lasagna.....
Came here with two greedy friends who ordered more than we should have. On the plus side I can now give you insight on almost half of the menu (exaggerating .. kinda). We first ordered the antipasto italiano con focaccia for 1 just to try and it was pleasantly enough for the three of us. It came with about three types of meats, salad and two types of cheese. I'd have to say that the prosciutto was my favorite from the whole platter. The second appetizer we chose was the bufala motzerella with tomatoes in pesto sauce. You know the motzerella? It was fresh, nuff said. For the entrees we each ordered 1, cause again we were greedy. The spinach gnocchi IMO should be shared unless your fanatic about spinach, because the spinach flavor can be overwhelming. The lasagne with bolognese sauce was pretty good, although it didn't look like it had a lot of lasagna on it. Our guy friend had no problem with the carb to meat ratio, so all is well. $5 Milanese panini (chicken cutlet which didn't taste greasy and had amazing flavor to it), get it. Prego. It seems like everything came with bread on the side. If you ordered alot, just take 1 piece and stay away! You WILL get full. I'm not much of a coffee snob so I can't say much about the cappuccinos. But their new coffee creme "dessert" we got at the end of our meal was delicious. Everything was fresh and not to mention the owner, Gaia, who was our server was very sweet. Will come back here again.
The food here is really really good. Most Italian places you will try in the city usually tends to be on the heavier side - with lots of cheese/sauce/oil. But the food here is light, fresh, and delicious. I ordered the Argula salad with tuna and the spinach gnocchi. Both were fantastic and the perfect size for two to share. It's amazing how the owner cooks, takes orders, serves, answers the phone, and even has time to make side conversation with customers. Really impressed by the level of service here!
I was visiting NY and it turned out my Airbnb was in LES, right next to this gem. It's modest and nestled underground, but when you get the food you will not be disappointed. The people running the place were very nice and authentic (without being too peppy) and told us to put our money away and relax and pay after we've enjoyed it. I ordered the meat lasagna, and my friend ordered the panini. Their bread was made there and YUM. We also ordered one of the shortbreadish fruit chocolate dipped cookies and oh my god. When we went to pay, she charged for the food but didn't charge for the cookie. She said it's for "first timers" since she hadn't seen us before. And then she said "and second timers. And third timers. We arent gonna go out of business for a cookie. Enjoy yourself." When she rang up my card, she automatically put no tip on there, so I asked if I could tip her. She said "next time". Great service, amazing food.
So I visited Gaia for an early lunch to try and beat the rush. It's a nice little spot (10 tables) that also doubles as a cafe.  I suggest you grab a seat then head to the counter to grab a menu. This is where you'll be ordering and paying as well, but before you do, check the chalk board wall for a list of the day's specials. I ordered the potato and meatball tegamini and the meat tortellini daily special. I know the restaurant is known for its vegetarian offerings, I'll just have to order them the next time around. The first dish that arrived was the tortellini special. It was served in a metal bowl that resembles the metal bowls pizzerias use to proof their dough before forming pies. There was an ample portion of tortellini and I really enjoyed the generous amount of mozzarella. The tasty sauce had a slight puttanesca flavor to it, but there were no olives in it. It did have several pieces of chopped bell peppers. I used all of the table bread to soak up the pasta sauce. The meatballs and potatoes came out a few minutes later. It came with a nice piece of rosemary flavored bread. I usually can pack away the food, but I was getting very full from the tortellini. The gum ball sized meatballs had a great beefy flavor and the potatoes were fork tender. The sauce was a traditional tomato sauce and had a good amount of parmesan. I know Gaia is BYOB but because the in-house baked bread is limited, maybe the place should consider a B.Y.O.Bread policy. I say this because the various sauces are very good. I didn't know it at the time but the woman who was slicing bread for the lunch crowd while taking my order was also the owner of the restaurant. I eventually noticed that she actually handled all of the front of house responsibilities AND also prepared food as well. So please have a little patience when you dine here. You don't have to clear your own table but I did because I noticed the construction workers, college students and other diners tried to help her out by bringing their dishes to the counter. She thanked me for doing so and I left extremely full and satisfied.
This was amazing food!!!!!! Do NOT pass this little basement place up for authentic Italian yummyness seasonal menu and fantastic prices - they could easily charge double.
Went back after a 6 month hiatus (just wasn't able to make it out to the LES for some reason!) and Gaia's food was just as delicious as I remembered. I returned with my bf and we were lucky enough to snag a table (we made no prior reservations, contrary to my previous advice). We ordered the arugula salad, the ravioli special of the day, 2 paninis, fresh pear juice, and tiramisu all for $33! My boyfriend works in the F&B industry and was blown away not only at the quality and pricing of the food, but also how HARD SHE WORKS. She 1) is the head chef 2)busses tabes 3) takes orders 4)seats people 5) serves people 6) event manages 7)manages the front of house 8)manages the back of house and even 9) washes the dishes!!! There are some reviews on yelp that comment on the 'poor customer service' and 'attitudes' but seriously, if you are 1 person doing all these things yourself... you're bound to be tired and (dare I say it??) a bit cranky. I still highly recommend you make a reservation if you want to enjoy the full experience of this small and one of a kind cafe. It's definitely worth a trip! And p.s. the sauce is so good I spooned it into my mouth with the serving spoon. It's that good. Go visit Gaia's :)
I have a general rule when I go to restaurants--the patron, if possible, should be accommodated. I'm not talking about ridiculous requests. Or demanding something that cannot be even considered possible in a rational universe. But as a person who works hard for her money and feels like it is a special experience to eat in a restaurant, I expect the place I spend my hard earned money to try, on even a slight level, to try to accommodate simple menu requests and diversions. Where shall I begin with this horrible experience? Well, we walked into the cafe for the first time. We took a menu and saw that it was limited, but we decided to go with a panini and the gnocchi. So then this is when we entered the Twilight Zone. We asked the man behind the counter, we saw the female chef/owner walking around behind him, if the panini sandwiches were "pre made" and he said, "No, they are made on the spot" which made us happy. We wanted to make a custom panini--not something radical and something you can get at any restaurant. The man looked shocked. He shook his head. "No, you cannot choose what you want on it." We stood there confused. "Why can't you just put chicken and cheese on it??" He just stared at us. He was very odd. He seemed scared of the request. But he goes and ask the chef/owner and comes back and says, "We can make this sandwich and names one...." and we say, "But we don't want THOSE ingredients....we just want this and this...." VERY simple request. And he just said, "No. Cannot do that." Ummmm.....why?? Why if your sandwiches are made from scratch can't you make a sandwich with what we want in it?? Then we ask for a side of fresh mozzarella. And again he says, "No. Cannot do that." You cannot slice some cheese for us??? Just a side of cheese?? "Nope. We cannot....." And so on and so on........... And then I saw the sign. The sign that says don't ask for anything different. No changes to the menu. This type of diva/controlling chef/owner behavior is a REAL turn-off and something as a paying customer that I will NOT tolerate. I was not being demanding. Really, really ridiculous. Will not deal with chefs who are such control freaks.
Byob with no corkage fee and $5 paninis in nyc? You really can't go wrong with that. I got their antipasta for two and it was hugeeee and well worth the $15. Went nicely with my wine and also had the pesto lasagna which was delicious. It's no longer $5 and now $8 but definitely worth it as the serving is quite a generous portion. This is great city food for non city prices! I love it here.
$5 paninis!  the milanese panini was soooo gooood.  as was the lasagne with pesto sauce.  everything is salted and seasoned reasonably (without sacrificing on taste!).  so, if you're weight/health conscious.. this may be a good option for italian.  it has a fair amt of seating, but there can be a wait for tables during peak times.   note on the paninis, the bread is thin and crispier than your typical panini (which i actually prefer).  i don't like to hulk up on carbs nowadays (the metabolism not being what it used to... curse you old age).   love you gaia's!
The owner has a horrible attitude, no costumer service,  we didn't even sit down to eat because when we asked how to sign in on the waiting list she told us "can't u see the line, this is our system if you don't like it then go" needless to say you don't want to spend money in a place like that!!!
We came here on a weekend night without making a reservation, but were seated in less than five minutes at the white table closest to the bookshelf and window. I think we were just lucky that night, so make a reservation if you can! After we looked at the menu and made wide-eyed expressions at the incredibly low prices, I went up to the counter and spoke to Gaia herself to order our dishes. Just be sure you know what sharing means!! Spare yourself some embarrassment. After being asked if J and I were going to be sharing our plates or not, I told her that we'd be sharing and thought that she just wanted to know if we needed extra plates or utensils. (Cue lights) Gaia: I'll bring out the dishes one at a time. Me: Oh um, you can bring the dishes out at the same time. Gaia: So, you won't be sharing. Me: No, we will! Gaia: Then I'll be bringing them at separate times. Me: We're still sharing, but you can bring them out together. Gaia: I'll bring them separately. Me: Oh...? Wait... (dialogue continues on a loop for a bit) Gaia: Sharing means I'll bring out one dish, you'll eat from the same plate, and then wait for the next dish to come out. Me: Ohhhhhhhhhhh. Wow. I am so sorry. Gaia: No, not a problem at all! Me: Oh my gosh. I get it now! Ahhhh. Gaia: (chuckles) It's okay! (stammering and blushing continues until I return to the table) The potatoes and meatballs in tomato sauce ($7!) was a gigantic, piping hot meal in a metal bowl. The fresh, light tomato sauce went well with the bountiful slices of potatoes. The meatballs (I broke my no red meat diet, cry) were juicy, but could have been a tad more flavorful. His Milanese panini with chicken cutlets, pesto, and tomatoes ($5!!) was delicious. The light, crispy flat bread was warm and fresh from the oven. And the pesto! I could have eaten spoonfuls of it by itself. As we ate, English and Italian pop songs filled the room and gave the cafe a really cute, cozy air. This is a perfect place for a casual date or a lunch/dinner with friends. Gaia worked both the register and the kitchen and her multi-tasking abilities were evident and appreciated. Besides being the name of the kind owner and cook of this establishment, "gaia" is an Italian word that can be used to describe a happy person. I think we all left a little happier after our meal here. Likelihood of another visit: Very likely. The delicious and reasonably priced dishes won't keep me away for long! I would also love to try their desserts (we only brought back a cookie this time) and the other paninis.
This mom and pop, hole in the wall puts all of little italy to shame. Hands down the best Italian food I ever had in my life. Everything is freshly made and prepared. Even eating a roasted pepper you can tell it was grown, plucked and served to you within the span of 10 mins. Gaia staff is super friendly and greets you. Don't be a douche tho because she have no problems ripping you a new one if you dont behave respectfully. I wish my restaurants were like this, just because your a customer doesnt give you rights to annoy everyone else in the establishment. This place closes super early so try to get here afterwork. Thanks!
A gem of authenticity and talent held by a passionate lady. Gaia is the real Little Italy.
I love this place.  It's BYOB and has delicious Italian food. The only con is its hours.  For Fridays and Saturdays you need to make reservations as they are only open on Fridays until 7:30pm and Saturdays until 8pm.  They have lives, as the chef told me! I recommend the mozzarella, basil and tomato panini, the spinach gnocchi, and the pesto lasagna.  This place is a hidden gem and because of its prices, I'll be coming back again and again!
The Cafe is a little hard to find because it's below ground level, but once you walk in it's truly a cute cafe feel. The woman running the cafe that day was delightful. Our food was taking a while to be prepared (there were 5 of us) because she was the only one working, so she brought over a complientary salad. It was so fresh with arugala, chopped cherry tomatoes, and parmesan cheese. Delizioso! For my entree I chose the Bubi Panini--mozzarella di bufala, chopped cherry tomatoes, and basil on top of their freshly baked panini bread. It was great! A little too much olive oil for my liking, but everything was so fresh. The tomatoes were sweet and juicy, the mozzarella so flavorful, and the basil tasted like it was picked right from the bush. One of my friends ordered the pear juice. Let me tell you, everything about this restaurant is fresh. I swear that juice was fresh squeezed. The server's hospitality was so wonderful, I hope to visit again and try one of their daily specials or the pesto gnocchi!
This place is truly special and genuine. Walked in around 5:30 on a friday and were able to snag a table (the rest were reserved) and boy was I glad. The portions are just large enough so that 2 dishes will fill you up to the brim. And everything is so affordable Here's what we ordered: Cabbage Salad with Chicken cutlet and olives: I'm placing this at the top 5 of my must-try salad list. the cabbage was sliced so thin it complemented so well with the briny bits of olives and crispy pieces of chicken cutlet. Delicious and to die for! the only - was that we requested light on the dressing only to find the salad drenched in sauce. but no complaints as this turned out to be our favorite dish of the evening. Bubi Panini: Personally not a fan of focaccia so I'm not going to deduct any points. Perfect proportion of bread: tomato: Basil: mozzarella cheese in every bite. Simple and good. Potatoes and Meatball: A little deceiving since menu says "in tomato sauce" but when the dish came, there were no sign of tomatoes in sight. Nevertheless, hearty little meatballs but not seasoned enough for my taste. spaghetti with spicy tomato sauce, tuna (special): 2nd favorite dish of our meal. The sauce was plain and simple and not salty at all. The sauce, as it turns out was not spicy at all but rather light and 100% fresh tomatoes, seasoned lightly with oregano. the homemade pasta was delicious and was perfectly al dente. overall exemplary food at a unheard of price (in nyc esp.) Most definitely worth the visit!!
This is one of my favorite spots in all of NYC.  The coffee is awesome and the food is great.  Also if you have a craving for something that isn't on the menu that day Gaia will make something up if it's not too busy. You really can't go wrong here.
What don't I love??!?!?! The price, the food and the BYOB - all best ever! But most importantly SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 RESERVATION Oh yeah and make a reservation - or try your luck and get there the minute (the MINUTE) they open. We went, snagged a table and after than it was a two hour wait! ATMOSPHERE Informal or formal - people were dressed nicely or also casually
My friend and I walked in the rain to this because the restaurant we were trying didn't open! The atmosphere - It's located in sort of a walk-in basement location, but definitely not hard to find. Once you walk in, you immediately smell the cooking (it's an open kitchen behind the counter). We didn't really know what to do after we walked in, there were opened tables but the dishes weren't cleared off. In the end, we realized that we had to order at the counter and tell them that we are eating in. The food -I ordered spicy beans with sausage tegamini and she, potato and meatball in tomato sauce (tegamini). The food didn't take long to arrive. We expected the portion to be bigger from seeing similar dishes. Although it was smaller, it definitely filled me up (but I don't eat a lot anyway). The service - There were only three people working in this cafe so it can be quite hectic (the chef actually posted "we are closed for the day" on the door when the restaurant started filling up. It was only around 2:30PM!). Sometimes you have to wait for 3/4 mins while they cater to other customers... we had a line of 4 at the counter at one moment. We wanted to order dessert (custard cream with strawberries) after... It took me a few mins to give my order but the chef quickly rejected my order. I don't know if she were too busy to prepare or it actually ran out.. That's wasn't so pleasant. At the end, it also took me 5 more min waiting at the counter to pay up... In all, the food isn't bad. If you are all for the rustic and homey atmosphere you should definitely visit. I kind of regret not ordering the arugula salad that everyone's raving about. I will probably revisit if I am in the area again.
Good food but all the prices on the menu are wrongg && old!! Its like 3-4$ more than everything listed
I came here about 3 or 4 Times now. The best panini I have ever tasted in my life. I love the bubi which is vegetarian. Very vegetarian friendly here. They have vegetarian lasagna also. I got their fresh squeezed orange juice and it was so good. Make sure to ask for ice because it isn't chilled The cashier is very nice and bubbly and the owner is a true Italian woman and I really like her because of one thing she said to me and my friend one day. P.S. I think you can rent out the place for an event, i heard about it.
Simply the best Italian food you can find in NYC for not only the quality but the value. I have never had a meal here that did not completely satisfy my appetite and taste buds. Gaia is an extraordinary chef, continually using her creative culinary imagination and utilizing simple quality ingredients. An absolute must for lunch or early dinner.
I was compelled to update my previous review as I recently stopped in to Gaia's and there was a sign on the door stating that the cafe was closed for the evening due to a party. I was heartbroken as I had traveled over an hour from Brooklyn just to have some of Gaia's amazing food. I caught the eye of the lovely young woman who is often helping Gaia at the counter and motioned her over. I asked if I could just purchase a drink. I must have been visibly thirsty as she let me in (like the gates of heaven themselves opening - this is NOT hyperbole!). I then saw Gaia who recognized me from the couple of times I had been in previously and as always she greeted me warmly despite being very busy preparing for the party. *On a side note I'm perplexed by the reviews that describe Gaia as surly. I have seen her on very busy days yet she still manages a smile for her customers, even if you can see how tired she is and rightfully so being a hands-on owner who oversees everything. Anyway, long story short, I started to chat with Gaia while paying for the aranciata and expressed my disappointment at not being able to get any food having traveled from Brooklyn and she insisted on making me a sandwich, said it wouldn't be any imposition. How amazing is that? She truly is one of the most generous and warmest restaurant proprietors I have ever met. Oh and the food, gosh let me not get started on that as I said I'd make this short. Go to Gaia's Italian Cafe, take a bite of the sandwich or pasta, close your eyes ignoring all else while you savor the food as I do, while being grateful to Gaia for bringing authentic, top notch Italian food to NYC.
Keep your eyes down cause this place is easy to miss. For a cafe in Manhattan, Gaia has a menu that doesn't break the bank. There's a big selection of paninis, salads, and entrees served in steel bowls. The paninis are $5.00. Unheard of! Lasagne with Ricotta and Pesto Sauce ($8.00) - Their menus advertise it as $5.00. Their website advertises it as $7.00. When I order it, they charge me $8.00 for the 4"x4" square of pasta. The lasagne is alright but kind of blend since the pesto cause had barely any flavor. What threw me off was the sudden price increase. (6/10) Potatoes and Meatballs in Tomato Sauce ($7.00) - These meatballs were awesome and my friend devoured them before I can even count how many are there. Nevertheless, the flavorful meatballs and sauce made the dish worth it. (9/10) Gaia is a savior in a neighborhood filled with overpriced lunch options. Sometimes you wish you were still hungry to keep the meal going at restaurants like these.
excellent food, made with love, at affordable prices. Best lunch spot in the LES!! Can wait to go back!
We ordered two paninis to go, it took some time, so we sat at one of the tables. We spoke to the owner and she wasn't rude to us at all, she was quite inviting and told us we should stay next time we were there. The paninis were freshly made and really tasty; they weren't even soggy after the long trip home. I would definitely come back to try their lasagnas. They look so good!
This place is AMAZING. $5 paninis, with freshly sliced meats, on freshly baked panini bread, there are about 7 different flavours! I am yet to try them all but ive tried 3 and they were all GOOD. the best is the delicioso $7 oven cooked pots of meatballs etc! These are so tasty $7 delicious fresh salads. Good coffee, freshly squeezed juices! I cant get enough of this place! oh and they make an amazing $5 lasagne!!!! You cant eat out cheaper than this, except for at 2 bros. Do your self a favour and eat here! It closes at 7pm on week nights, but you can do a private booking for a group of 10 or more and she will cook you everything you could want for $30 a person. and youll have the whole place to yourself. (the place is pretty small though) (Its BYOB as well!!) And make a reservation for dinner on weekends as it gets busy and there are not many tables. All you need to know is... seriously good food, home cooked, delicious, amazing quality, for a super cheap price!! This is my favourite restaurant in NYC !!!
Until very recently, Gaia has been my white whale. I've heard the ravest of reviews, but never seemed to be able to enjoy it myself - they're closed on Sundays, don't allow takeout during the weekend, close fairly early, and are packed on a regular basis. On my first visit with the Boy, we splurged with Potatoes and Meatballs in Tomato Sauce, 2 Militare, 2 Milanese, and a ravioli dish (that now escapes my shoddy memory). The woman behind the counter scoffed, saying we'll die after consuming all the food. Little did she know she was dealing with someone who has a black hole for a mouth. The food is fresh, delicious, and reminiscent of home-cooked, family-enjoyed meals (wait a minute, my family isn't Italian...). The menu is slightly confusing - no clear distinction between apps and entrees, and only paninis are marked. Overall, huge fan. Will be back.
I'm not Italian and I have never been to Italy but if Gaia is anything like Italy, I'm going.   Ordered the pesto lasagne, spinach gnocchi, Bubi panini and the Milanese panini between three of us.   We felt like we were in her home.  The ambiance is wonderful, slow pace and the food is amazing.  Truly a gem!
5 SHOOTING STARS for Gaia and her staff!!! Like 98% of everyone here, I'm a BIG fan of Gaia's (pretty sure I could eat it every day for the rest of my life if I was a millionaire hahaha). The food is AMAZING! Hands down, the Best Italian food in NYC. Everything is made fresh, with healthy ingredients, baked in the oven, never fried. It's vegetarian friendly; the few dishes that have meat are the paninis with prosciutto, the meat lasagne, and the Milanese panini that has chicken cutlets. A few things you should know prior to dining here: 1. call to make dinner reservations a day before, they are very popular and space is limited 2. you order at the counter, pay at the end of your meal 3. tell them if you are allergic to anything, otherwise no changes allowed 4. try to understand that your food comes out separately, appetizer followed by entree followed by dessert, instead of coming out at the same time 5. please leave a customary tip for the waitstaff 6. it's a BYOB place! so you're welcome to bring your bottles 7. some people are not receptive to Gaia (the owner and chef) but honestly, if you are sending out negative vibes, she will pick up on that and react accordingly. From what I've seen, Gaia has always been pleasant and friendly over the phone as well as in person.
If you wind up in this quaint Italian restaurant with super friendly service you can't leave without trying one of their fresh pastas.  Look the black chalk board, close your eyes pick something, and I promised you won't be disappointed.   Mushroom raviolis were my favorite.  And don't worry about a wine list.  Bring your own.  Forgot the booze.  Don't worry there is a place that sells wine and liquor across the street.   Amazing Italian food that doesn't force you to break the bank.  Love this place.
This place is tucked below the sidewalk and is small, but service is fast, food is filling and delicious, and the price is affordable. I got an arugula pesto salad and lasagna pesto (I love pesto)!
A hidden gem! If not because the dear yelpers, I will never find this place. It's always busy, so expect to wait for a table if dine in. Everything on the menu is tasty, don't need to worry about ordering wrong dish. There are only three person working there, so don't complaine about the service, the money you pay is not for 5 star service, but 5 star food. They try their best to service excellent food, so be nice to then.
Good food.  Everything's pretty cheap, but doesn't seem to always match the pricing on the menu. Can get hectic at lunch.
This reviewer will fully demonstrate how important customer service is to run a restaurant where your customers want to feel like they are wanted inside of your restaurant. This was the second time in 3 days I went to Gaia because their food is top notch. The potatoes and meatballs make you feel some type of way. First time I went the place was packed for lunch and it took them 30 minutes to serve me the potatoes and meatballs. Having worked for a restaurant that valued customer service as highly as their food, I honestly do the same having learned their philosophy. The place is clearly understaffed so I honestly felt for the younger guy who took the orders, ran the food out and cleaned the tables. With that being said, he was running people's food before mine which sat after me. Hence the dissatisfaction for the customer service round 1. I went to Gaia tonight because my girlfriend had not been there before and I thought we'd give them a second chance. When we entered around 530, the lady (presumably owner) stopped us from sitting down and said they aren't ready for the night so come back in 10. Since we had to catch a cab in an hour, I asked her another question about the on time food on the table being reasonable this time around and she said you have a thousand questions just come back later. This was a vicious attempt at an overwhelmed lady. After contemplating going elsewhere she opened the door and said come on in thousand questions man in her broken English. The food and food prices are outstanding and I was impressed again with the quality. Still the customer service was not impressive and unfortunately I had to give Gaia only 3 stars for a 5 star food restaurant because of the customer service.
Gaia's food is flat out awesome. I've been there twice and have had great meals each time.  The panini bread is simple the best I've ever had, but everything is amazing. Maybe the most interesting meal is her white bean and sausage which is unexpectedly spicy and delicious. I highly recommend!!!
Amazing, fresh, cheap Italian food. Everything delicious but tastes light compared with American Italian food. Perfect for lunch.
Best legitimate Italian food you'll find for the price that's offered. I love everything about this place; the atmosphere, the fresh ingredients used for the food, and you cannot argue with the cost (especially since Little Italy will charge you double-triple of what you pay here). The $5 paninis are so damn good. So far I've had the Milanese, Elegante, and Siciliano, and all were superb. The last time I went, they had a special on Pizzas. I can't remember exactly what it was called, but it was fresh and tasted incredible. Everything about this place is great. It's really low key which is great because it's never overcrowded every time I arrive. This place totally gets the full 5 stars in my opinion.
This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to even though it is pretty painful to get to from where I live. I go here at least once a week, normally with a friend and between the both of us...we spend at most 20 dollars for like 3 dishes. In how many places in NYC can you pay 20 dollars for 3 dishes between 2 people? And it is extremely filling too. The owner, btw, is extremely adorable! She gives you a nice chunk of bread and she is willing to put meat into an all pasta dish if she thinks it will make you happy. I swear, I've been here so many times that the owner probably recognizes me by face.
The BEST Italian sandwich place on the LES. Gaia is a sweetheart, bread is made fresh everyday and the menu is spot on delicious. If I lived closer, I'd be there every day.
A coffEe shop the way God intended. What we got: Drip coffee, mint tea, nutella croissant, lemon cookie and tomato bread soup. Across the board everything was delicious. The owner is a Milano lady who is very forward but in such a way that it adds to the personality of the dining experience. Every day you will have freshly brewed illy coffee, freshly vaked panini bread and nutella croissants.
This place is strictly Italian. They do not even sell American sodas. The prices are unbelievably low. The food is just as good. I had the spicy pasta with crab meat. My daughter had lasagna and my wife had the gnocchi. This is a small place, only 5 tables. Come during off hours if you can.
Great lasagne, great value! Staff can be a little curt, but once you realise they mean no harm, it's all part of the charm.
Salads are good. Prices are good. Pesto lasagna was good but a bit too salty. The bread on the panini is hard and thin - more like a cracker.
Five star for this great food and awesome caffe latte!  Sandwiches are highly recommended!  You'll enjoy and experience...just like your in Italy!
Just discovered this place. It's authentic, delicious, filling, and everything on the menu is so cheap.  I had the ricotta and spinach gnocchi which came hot in a big  bowl. My boyfriend got the potato and meatballs (also in a bowl) and said they were pretty damn good. Definitely coming back here.
If you ever wanted amazing true authentic food go here. So cheap and amazing from a student who studied aboard in Italy!
The best Italian ever! The food is excellent and the prices are great. I've ate the prosciutto with brie panini and a dishe with Buffala muzzarela with hamdmade Pesto and tomatoes, and are awsome! I highly recommend this place!
I haven't been to eat Gaia's food in a while but I was feining for it today - so I took a taxi and had an arugula salad to my delight!  Better than I remember ... Everything about this place is authentic and the owner insists on keeping it that way ... Simply the Best!
So I went back to Gaia and I am SO DISAPONITED ... I was excited to see Gaia and see what she'd had prepared... She did not welcome anyone. I was waiting for a table to get free and while I was waiting I though of orderinga coffee and a pizza. She REFUSED to serve me as I was at the counter! Really Gaia?!?!? I was said by the waitress : "She wants you to have a table to order. I am sorry" and when the waitress apologized Gaia said : "Don't be sorry, it's the rules!". Well, we left and didn't have a chance to order anything and we ended up starving and eat at a place we were not crazy about. We traveled 5000 miles with the excitement to eat at Gaia and for certain, we won't do that again. She will never see us or our friends. Such a shame...
I finally went to Gaia today after hearing that the coffee is good, since I'm constantly on the search for an authentic Italian espresso that doesn't require sugar to be drinkable! I was happy to see that there was also fresh squeezed OJ on the menu at a very reasonable price. The espresso was a bit corto for my taste, but the flavor was better than most, maybe just a teensy bit of sugar needed, but I didn't add it. And the OJ was an awesome surprise. The only negative experience happened when, mid sip, one of the employees cranked up the radio. Suddenly I was being blasted by Celine Dion and then Pink. I could no longer concentrate on my reading or my beverages. I was thinking to order food but the music was so aggressive and annoying (so un-Gaia mind!) that I high-tailed it out of there. "Oh well. Another one bites the dust," I thought. I'm really hoping some quality control over the music and volume happens because it seemed like an otherwise really cool place and I'd love to try the food that the customers were raving over. I still can't figure out why so many cafes allow employees to play whatever music they want to listen to all day instead of music that creates a nice atmosphere for their customers. Still searching...
This places is great! We shared dishes (the best way to go). We had the antipasti, pesto lasagna, meatballs and bresaola panini. Everything was delish. Proprietors were friendly. Food: 5 star Service: 5 star Space/Atmosphere: 3 star Value: 5 star
Food was yummy (but a bit too salty for my liking). Great little find. Decent prices. The cafe itself is nice and small. Will definitely drop by for lunch again.
Anti pasta order was amazing. Best I've had for the price. Pesto and ricotta lasagna was rich but a bit gummy. Spinach meatballs were great. Loved the home style feel of the dining experience. Definitely go here on an empty stomach and make a reservation if you want to dine in.
i just had the meat lasagna with bread fresh out of the oven, and it was amazing. you can't find this kind of italian cooking in any other restaurant. the only way you have italian food this good is if you are lucky enough to be invited over to an italian friend's house when his or her grandmother is cooking...that's the kind of food this is: pure ingredients, made with time and understanding of flavors. gaia, thank you for opening up this unpretentious, special little restaurant. one suggestion: increase your prices! ciao! xxoo
Need to make reservations in advance. My sister and myself were extremely luck and were able to walk in without reservations. Cheap and delicious authentic italian food. Nothing fancy but friendly staff. Will be back.
I loved this place. Honestly, I cannot stop thinking about my panini. I recently stopped by with a friend from high school to catch up. He ordered a pasta special (all I remember was that there was bacon in it) and he claimed it to be very filling and delicious. Based on Yelp reviews, I decided to order the Milanese chicken cutlet panini. It was somewhat small, but it was only $5! I ate slowly and I was pretty full from the panini. The bread was so soft, and the sauces inside were so delicious. I plan to stop by again to try more of their paninis. The owner seemed very friendly and there were many regulars who came by to just say hello, tell her stories, or just drink a cup of coffee and work on their laptops. The place is small and cozy, but the space isn't tight or anything like that. It wasn't crowded at all. Just FYI, you order at the counter. And you pay at the counter as well. There will be people who bring you water and your food. My friend and I weren't sure about tips (do we leave it in the tip jar or on the table? do we tip at all?). The others seemed to be regulars and one guy left without tipping, but we decided to leave a small tip on the table for them.
Very busy cute little spot with plenty of delicious and affordable small Italian dishes to share. Their recipes are very simple, but the ingredients are super fresh. Polenta with gorgonzola: huge portion, very good. Caciotta cheese with honey n walnuts: very simple, yet tasty. Delicato and Goloso panini: both delicate and delicious.
Best panini I've ever eaten. I love the owner. She's so authentic and is super blunt but I love that about her. Everything is AMAZING and super fresh. They know what they're doing here and the prices are incredible. My mom, dad, and I all ate for $30 and got multiple dishes.
And in conclusion.... If I believed in heaven, I would believe that the food is actually catered from there.  I am not exaggerating when I say that I have had many, many $100 meals that were not as good as what you get here for under $15. The owner, Gaia, is often misunderstood because she can come across as harsh. Weak minded, frail brained people seem to take offense to this. Apparently we now live in a world where everyone expects to have their arses kissed all the time. They are offered amazing food at incredibly low prices, yet they also want all of the amenities of fine dining. If these people had any taste at all, they would tell from the food that she pours her heart and soul into it and THAT is what you pay for, not to be coddled like a child. So if you are an easily offended baby brain, don't go. There are plenty of other people that know good food who will gladly take your seat. Why did she tell someone it's not fast food?  Well, because it's not fast food. Stupid people don't even know what they have in front of them.
Great food. Friendly staff. Lots of Italian stuff. Reminded me of being at my Italian grandmothers house getting a home made meal from scratch. Also everything here is really affordable. When it's busy the wait might be a little long because it's a fairly small place.
The gnocchi in ragu featured damn near perfect gnocchi and kinda shockingly under-salted ragu. I don't know how something which should be almost umami personified managed to leave my palette so unfazed. It's all worth checking out again though.
Authentic Italian dishes, affordable prices, and a BYOB (BYOW is more appropriate) policy make for a lesser-known gem. However, I'm not sure if that will last if Yelp has anything to say. And that is a good thing. I, like many, discovered this place thanks to its great rating on this site. I'm glad I did. It is quirky operation, but delivers on what it promises, which is great food from a woman who know Italian cuisine. You get good bang for your buck here and the BYOW only enhances that.
The paninis here rank right up there with the best sandwiches found in the city. Vietnamese sandwiches. Katz. Lobster rolls. Anything. What makes it possibly the best is the bread. It really is something special. I bite into it and imagine that the recipe and craft of it has been passed down for generations. Blows away any bread I've had thru out Italy. The ingredients are simple and perfect. The salads are huge and perfectly dressed. $5 for a panini. $7 for a superb salad. U kiddin me. Chinatown prices for extraordinary food. I can see how the lady in charge can rub some the wrong way. Oh well. She is who she is. She makes food the way she thinks it should be eaten. That's the type of person I want cooking my food.
Great imported italian ingredients for super fabulous panini. Atmosphere like a typical european bar.
Really TERRIBLE service like crazy lady status horrible. My co-worker and I ordered 2 sandwiches and the gnocchi. We were almost finished with our sandwiches and our gnocchi had not come out. I went up to the counter to ask the lady/owner? if our gnocchi order was coming out. She said we only serve items one at a time. She said rudely "WE'RE NOT A FAST FOOD RESTAURANT." I said to her I didn't think it was a fast food restaurant. She went on a rant that in America things are served all together but in Italy things are served one at a time. They NEVER serve two things at once. She said if I wanted to come here I should expect to be served like in Italy. I told her she could serve how she would like and I could chose whether I come back. She continued to shout as I walked back to the table to wait for our gnocchi. 5 minutes later some of her regulars came over and asked how we were doing. He said I should understand that they work really hard here. Also that she's really tired and she's tired of customers complaining. My co-worker and I had had it at that point. I asked if we could pay. She said WHO IS GOING TO EAT THE GNOCCHI. I AM CHARING YOU FOR IT. Then she came up to me and leaned in and said Let me tell you! We take time to make all the food. We only serve things one at a time. She said you didn't even FINISH YOUR SANDWICH YET. We keep prices cheap. We are tired of people coming in and complaining on Yelp. She said again and again they are so tired, working hard, and trying to keep prices low. When I wanted to say I have no problem paying for the gnocchi. She said WAIT LET ME SPEAK so I didn't say anything. She later went on to charge me only for the sandwiches. I told her I have no problem paying for the gnocchi. She then said NOW you are INSULTING me. I told her I have no intentions of insulting her. I understand that they are working hard and trying to keep the prices cheap so I want to pay for what I ordered. Then after I paid she said I ONLY MEAN PEACE AND LOVE. I DON'T BRING IN ANGER AND WAR. I ONLY WANT TO BRING LOVE AND COME FROM LOVE. AFTER YOU LEAVE I WILL FORGET ALL THAT HAS HAPPENED AND IF YOU CHOSE TO COME BACK THERE WILL BE NO PROBLEMS. Oddly she was saying she is only about love but she was yelling and sounded really angry when she was talking. I thought about sharing with her but decided not to because she was really heated. I also didn't feel the need to engage in a power struggle with her so I kept my mouth shut on this but my parents owed a restaurant for 20 years. I grew up and worked there. My parents taught me an important lesson. They taught me to behave calmly and not from emotion especially when you own a business. You can't react emotionally especially every time a customer asks you a question you find irritating. It creates an unpleasant experience for the customer. It also creates and unpleasant experience for the customers who observe the altercation.
Great place. Small, cozy and the chef is nice and flexible. The dishes are great, tasty and filling. The prices are very very cheap. The service was great, everything was done with a smile and a laugh. We'll return for sure.
It doesn't matter how great the food is when the wait staff and owner are horrifically rude, even by NYC standards. It's simply not worth it. At least not for Italian food, which this city has in *relative* abundance.
Not your typical Italian restaurant.  Very casual, and very very good.  Each dish is juicy, flavorful, and impressively cooked just right. The hot food is served in these metallic bowl-like dishes. Keeps the food warm.  Order a few dishes and it's easy to do family style. Prices are very reasonable, borderline cheap -- but food is high quality.
The most amazingly sweet and wholesome restaurant in all of NYC. The quaint atmosphere of the place makes you feel like you're at home with family and the food is unbelievably well-priced. Another perk is the BYOB policy with a great liquor/wine store across the street! P.s. Be sure to make reservations ahead of time as it is a very small restaurant :)
This is probably my favorite place to go for lunch when I am on the LES. The food is great ans authentic and despite the recent popularity of this place most times of the day there is less crowd then you would expect. Great place to take your out of town friends and surprise them with this local find while showing them around town.
Twitter version of this Review: Go to Gaia Italian Cafe.  Eat.  Thank me later. If you are in this neighborhood, GO HERE.  Even if you are nowhere nearby, GO HERE. I had a Prosciutto & Brie Panini on Saturday that I am still thinking about today, on Monday morning.  And it's not just me - my co-workers and I were in the area and have since that moment been talking this place up to anyone who has taste buds. The prosciutto alone was worth the price, but the brie was a perfect complement to it and was heated and melted to just the right consistency.  And the bread?  Oh, so good! A very close second to the food itself as a reason to eat here: the price.  $5 for that sandwich!   So if you're in the neighborhood, try Katz once to say you've been there & done that; frequent Gaia often if you love excellent food and also like being able to spend your money on other things.
I have to say this place is just that good. It's a lot like going to a small cafe in Italy. The ingredients are so fresh, and there is a lot of love that goes into the preparation. I don't know how they get by charging so little and taking so long but who cares. The woman who runs the place will probably scold you for something while you're there but that's part of the fun of it.
My Rating: Stop by if you're in the area Come on, folks. How are you going to hate on a sweet old Italian lady? The reviews focusing purely on the alleged rudeness of the lady at the counter are a bit misplaced. Imagine that you are working your ass off in a tiny space trying to feed the ceaseless masses of hungry, walking dead. Waves after waves of famished patrons spill through your doors eager to eat. Seems bad enough, except, as shown below, they have the patience of children and the expectations of spoiled adults. It's a hard way to make a living, so just chill, K? Yes, the service is a bit slow, but take a look at the size of their kitchen. It has, like, one oven and one stove. They're churning out miracles, people. My goodness, they should commission Gaia to head up a committee on feeding the hungry in third world countries. Throw her an Easy Bake oven and a hot plate and SHAZAM, world hunger solved. Be patient because the prices are lower than reasonable and the food is pretty good. Now, on to the food. I got the panini of the day, which had goat cheese, prosciutto and tomatoes. It was delectable. My only gripe is that the bread was burnt around the edges and it detracted from the taste. Prosicutto was plentiful and the goat cheese was fresh. Very nice way to start the meal. Next up was the spinach gnocchi and the potatoes and meatball dishes. You know, I was expecting a lot. They weren't bad, but they weren't great. There's really not much to say here. More than "meh," less than fantastic. All in all a decent experience. 3.5 stars for the food, but 4 stars for the service and the effort that Gaia and her small staff are putting in. It's nice to see that some restaurants are still trying to make it by keeping their prices low while putting out a quality product.
This place is impossible. It should not exist. Am I dreaming? Can I have another panini?
Obsessed with this place.  The food is delicious and is very affordable.
my experience at Gaia was FULL of surprises from start to finish! FIRST of all, the entrance is below street level! so from across the street all I could see was their vintage looking sign "G-A-I-A" SECOND, I was expecting a dainty italian restaurant BUT this place is LITERALLY A CAFE making unique artisan italian food!! so don't wait to be seated, get up to the register to order & snag a seat before the place gets too crowded! (it's small & has limited seating) everything on the menu is CHEAP since portions aren't huge so you can try multiple items! (i think we went a little overboard, but all the food below cost us only $30 w/ tip!!) -----arugula pesto salad: SO FRESH w/ the tomatoes & flavorful w/ the parmesan! a great start to the meal!! ----PANINI (not the american pressed sammie type): for JUST $5 you get two delicious paninis w/ thin cracker-like bread baked here! (perfect for sharing & such A STEAL). we got the "delicato" which had prosciutto cotto w/ ricotta bufula & another cheese YUM -----spinach & ricotta gnocchi: nothing like the starchy gnocchi you're used to! more like thin-skinned stuffed dumplings (kinda disappointing) -----lasagne: baked in a tomato soup?! again a surprise to me! (sadly this made the pasta soggy) came w/ thin bread to dip in the tomato soup! -----amaretto cookie: (from the jars at the register) light, airy, & tasty! -----nutella filled croissant: (from the trays of baked goods) we had no idea there would be filling since the pastries aren't labeled! simple but yummy. you can tell the staff puts a lot of care into each dish, a very mom & pop shop feel, but because of this I don't think they handle a large rush of customers well what would keep me coming back? those fresh paninis NOM NOM NOTE: FREE WIFI & magazines at each table for your enjoyment!
Amazing authentic Italian food for very cheap price. We had spinach and ricotta gnocchi and a panini. They tasted very fresh and healthy! Delicious!  Will visit this place soon again.
Excellent excellent foods and coffee. 5 stars hotel level food, but street vendor price !
Walked in here with two of my friends for lunch, it wasn't too crowded and we were able to snag a table. Being my first time, I was a little confused. You had to go up to the cashier and order instead of a waitress coming to your table. The girl behind the cashier was very friendly though. I ordered the bufala mozzarella in pesto sauce and got to take bites out of my friends panini and lasagna with ricotta and pesto sauce. The food here is so delicious and flavorful! Both my friends and I would take spoonfuls off each other's plates because it was that good. And the price? Definitely a steal!
it's simply delicious! Lovely unpretentious atmosphere, nice people using the best italian ingredients. A special panini focaccia with crudo mozzarella and tomato brings back to AUTHENTIC italian fresh vibrant REAl food. See you soon gaia!
Okay, it didn't start too well: based on the raving reviews, I've hiked with my tired friend across the town to try out this gem. When we got there, all the tables were taken, and the owner explained she's ignoring us because there aren't any tables anyway. I should have noticed that and left. But. okay, we waited those 20-30 minutes for a table. It took some persuasion for the server to wipe the table. The panino montanaro we got was filled with pickled vegetables that made it soggy and excessively salty (especially in combination with otherwise delicious and superbly sliced prosciutto). The bread is akin matzo: very thin, oily, plenty of rosemary. The sandwich isn't enough even for an appetizer, and the pickles just don't work. $5, not much, but would expect a lot better. The potatoes in tomato sauce with meatballs was good, but with the liquid sauce, impossible to eat from the deep saucepan - or from the shallow plate. But it was filling and plentiful at $7. The cheap forks weren't very helpful when mashing the potatoes to soak up the sauce: they twist and bend. The fettuccine were clumped together, and served from somewhere into a baking dish that again didn't work particularly well as a plate. I prefer functional plates to pretentious baking dishes. As for the taste, it's not very balanced, everything reeks of rosemary: maybe exotic for some, but for a former Italian resident, meh. For $12, really not worth it. The price, almost $30. I guess that's okay for the 'hood - but I could have had a normal lunch at a normal place for the price without the wait. The bonus tasty rainbow cookie calmed me down a little. Next time, I won't wait for the table, and won't be ordering any more panini or specials. Verdict: overrated unless you're into rosemary, arrogant service with an Italian accent and weird serving plates. On an upside, the recipes are pretty creative if not well-tuned.
Amazing. A dainty cafe that could easily be overlooked by any bystander but worth every bit once you taste the heavenly, homemade food. I have been to Italian and the food is very similar. And the people are incredibly sweet. Got a free cookie :)
Gaia Italian Cafe... Thank you for always providing excellent meals at fair prices. Thank you for educating our taste buds. Thank you for never changing who you are and what you do :) Thank you for being a kick ass woman, business owner, and culinary genius. Thank you for the little silver dishes of Pesto joy :) We appreciate all your hard work!
Un splendido piccolo posto! I made my small party hike down Houston St. on the Lower East Side on a super windy day for the chance to try Gaia's food. And I am so glad I did! Gaia is in a basement location with the appeal and atmosphere of a cool coffee shop. The decor is minimal, with some cute maps and ads from Italian magazines on the walls, and an eclectic array of chairs and tables. Somehow, it all works, and it makes for a very comfortable, casual experience. But the food is anything but casual! I was very impressed with everything. When we walked in, Gaia informed us that she ran out of bread and that she would need time to make more, so we could either wait or come back. We chose to wait, and ordered a chicken cutlet salad and a tegamino of potatoes and meatballs (tegamino means frying pan, but all these dishes are baked in the oven and served in a metal bowl). While we waited, Gaia kindly offered us a simple arugula salad with chicken and tomatoes to start- delicious! I could not wait for the rest of the food! Gaia seems to work with the mantra of 'simple food made with good ingredients,' and she does it very well, taking great pride in her work. Our appetizer course was fantastic, and we quickly ordered some panini to follow. The bread at Gaia is a focaccia, but very thin and crispy, and oh-so-tasty. The eggplant was delicious, the mozzarella was delicious, everything was delicious. We ate every last crumb. Gaia the owner is fantastic and super friendly. She has that dry Italian sense of humor and is quick to tease, but she clearly loves to serve good food to good people. She will let you practice your Italian and might even give you some tips! Her mamma provides some baking assistance at the cafe. If she has any rosemary lemon cookies, GET THEM! You will leave with a smile. You will also leave with some cash left in your pocket! The prices are almost too low to be true! Our entire meal for four people cost less than $35. Unbelievable. Gaia Italian Cafè will be a regular stop for me in the city, even if I have to go out of my way to get to the lower east side! Stop in for some truly authentic Italian food - si mangia bene!
Located in a basement on East Houston Street, this is a great cafe owned and operated by a welcoming and friendly Italian lady from Milano to grab lunch and chill out while having casual Italian fare (gnocchi, pasta, lasagna, salad, bread, dessert, cookies, sweets) and a cup of coffee. Once you enter, grab a table, get situated, walk up to the counter, take a look at the menu while the lady will let you know the specials they have that day and order. There is no 'wait' service here but they will bring you out the food and water for you. Delizioso Panini- GET IT. Only $5 and the thing was so tasty and flavorful and fresh. A stack of Prosciutto Cotto, Fresh Mozzarella and Tomatoes topped with Mustard and a slice of Spicy/Salty Anchovie, the flavors are well-balanced and this was VERY GOOD and tasty!! Special Salad: Arugula Salad with Artichokes, Tomatoes, Shredded Mozzarella, Prosciutto dressed in Balsamic Vinaigrette. This was a very refreshing salad and so fresh-tasting!! I don't even like Balsamic Vinegar but the one they use here is AWESOME and very high quality. YUM!! Only $9 and the thing was beautiful presented along side several pieces of home-made Italian bread. They have many electric outlets towards the walls and Free WiFi, so be sure to ask the lady behind the counter for it. It seems like many customers that come here know the owner or come here pretty often as they seem to know each other by name. My total was $14 and there was a tip jar so I left $2 in tips. Not bad at all!! And Yes, they have restrooms
okay. i came here with very high expectations after reading the reviews on here and listening to my friends gush about this place. BUT MAN, that dang counter lady was so rude! Ruined my entire experience there...believe me-- i can take a joke sometimes but when it comes out so condescending i'd rather not take your crap. So i come in all excited and looking forward to a really awesome latte and i look at the menu it says "latte" so i thought that the flavorings were just not listed on the menu. and this LADY gets all up in my face laughing saying "what is that?" then i repeated "caramel latte" so she laughed again saying "we don't have that" with such an attitude! I just laughed nervously all embarrassed and said "ok regular latte with regular milk."   I was so lucky I wasn't with a person I just met or on a business meeting or even on a date.  She made me sound like I don't know my coffee! That is an outright insult because I am such a big coffee/espresso fan. So i just waved the comment off but man, they served a room-temperature latte with some weird-butt cocoa powder.  She put so much milk in it so it was so cold already! THERE WAS NO STEAMED MILK. OR FOAM!!!!!!!!!! (MY FAVORITE PARTS OF LATTES)  It was in this weird bowl shaped thing too, with two handles on each side.  That thing made me feel like I was a dang dog slurping out of a water dish. Not coming back here again with service like that. NO THANKS.
If you are lucky, you can get in and out of Gaia Italian Cafe having had a good meal for little money. If you are not so lucky, as I have now been on more than one occasion, you will be belittled, barked at and disrespected by the owner who thinks it's a privilege to eat at her restaurant.   Is the food good at Gaia?  Yes.  Is that enough for a restaurant to stand on?  Absolutely not.  The dining room at Gaia is chaos and they have zero concept of customer service.  I work hard and on my free time I like to enjoy a good meal in a relaxing environment.  I gave this place more than one chance because I believe in supporting small businesses with authentic food.  Fortunately for NYers those kind of places are a dime a dozen and most will treat you with respect to boot!  I will not be back to Gaia.
I am absolutely in love with Gaia Italian Café - the food, the ambiance, the prices. So, so good. The only sliiight con is the counter lady's attitude, but that's very negligible considering how I barely have to interact with her. My friend and I shared four paninis (I know, I know ... that's way too much :x You really only need 2-3 paninis for two people. One would've been fine for me). We got the Milanese (chicken cutlet + pesto), Goloso (proscuitto + mascarpone + baked pepper), and two other ones that aren't on the online menu. Weird. o_o They both had proscuitto and cheese, though, and they were fabulous. One of them had proscuitto and melted brie, and the other had proscuitto, ricotta, and another kind of cheese. They were all absolutely amazing, and I really don't know what I'd say if you could only get two. I did love the Goloso, though, because the mélange of flavors and textures was so unique. I love their homemade toasted bread. As a side note, I really didn't think they fit my schema of what a panini was - you know, pressed meat & cheese & veggies between two slices of foccacia? Yeah, the sandwich isn't pressed at all ... so it could get kind of messy. (Well, only the Milanese got messy because the pesto was dripping down). The proscuitto is delicious and generous, and the cheeses are really good-quality. Everything is so exquisitely-made that I'm astounded that it's all so ... inexpensive. o_o They serve water in a small carafe and they give you two very small cups for you to pour your own water into. I was surprised because I basically had to repour my cup every few minutes. (Why not invest in bigger cups??) The ambiance is comfortable and trendy, and relatively spacious for a Manhattan dining establishment. I'm not sure how they can afford to keep it like this, but perhaps it has to do with being located in the basement ... o_o. Either way, I like the open tables and the Italian magazines/books everywhere. The tables are a lot bigger than necessary, and they're good for spreading out work on. At the end of my meal, I asked for a box for my panini. The counter lady asked if I would rather have aluminum foil, and I responded "You don't have any small boxes ...?" and she snarkily replied "If I had smaller boxes, I wouldn't be offering you aluminum foil." I guess it could've been funny, but I was just caught off-guard. Either way, she didn't detract from the 5-star experience; I'd still return to Gaia and bring all my friends here. :)
it was sweltering hot today. I walked into gaia with sweat dripping all over my face (not cute) and was greeted with... no ac with just a fan on in the back! okay, it's fine, I read too many reviews on yelp and really wanted to try this food. (bonus - gaia saw me shvetzing and turned the ac on for me. so grateful.) boifu ordered a panini and I got a special of tortellini bolognese, and a pear juice. the pear juice was lukewarm when it came out, but really delicious. the panini was quite basic, like some ham slices between bread, but tasted savory and fresh. my bolognese looked so homestyle and comforting when it came out. idk about you, but when authentic ethnic food looks like a grandma made it at a restaurant, it always is a good sign of the food being excellent. and it was! boyf ate half of my bowl and then ordered another one for himself. the place is pretty bare, but the food is very nice. my point deduction is for the really minimal atmosphere and service. I asked gaia what that savory amazing cheese was on top of the tortellini... it was just a really good parmesan, haha. guess you can't skimp on good cheese.
Don't even get me started. Gaia was a complete WASTE OF TIME. My coworker and I came in hoping to get paninis for our lunch. The girl working the counter pleasantly told us to take a seat and our sandwiches will be brought to us. After 20 minutes, I walk over to the counter and asked if our paninis are coming out any time soon. The counter girl looks around and finds our order under sitting there under the pad she was taken orders with. She says, "it somehow got lost" and was never placed with the kitchen. OH AND BY THEN, the one clearly overworked kitchen staff member putting together every order starts shouting to us at the front saying, "NO BREAD, NO BREAD. THERE'S NO BREAD!" The counter girl who clearly fucked up said it would be ANOTHER 20 minutes for bread to be made. I tell her this is my lunch hour and I don't have enough time to eat at another place. With very little concern, she offered a free salad as a consolation. After that insulting attempt to quell my hanger (hunger+anger), my coworkers and I left. Never again will I ever consider this place for lunch. NEVER.
We are lucky to have Gaia here slaving away in the kitchen for us.   Her food rocks and it's reasonable. The panini and lasagna kick ass. One day she was a little grumpy.  She also had no singles in the drawer, so I went to Chase to get $80 with of change for her.  She was grateful and her smile was worth a thousand bucks.  I love this place!
There are currently 76 reviews (mostly 5-star) for Gaia Italian Cafe. I'm certain that if those haven't convinced you to check it out, then my humble review won't help much either.  But I went there for the first time last night, and it was such an amazing experience, that in honor of Gaia I must add my words to this collection. My friend from the LES had never heard of this place.  It is in the middle E. Houston, and you have to walk down a few steps.  We went inside to the counter and perused the laminated menus.   There were 2 tables on the left that could seat 4 people each, and 3 tables on the right that could seat 2 people each.   There are also 2 additional seats at a large desk near the window filled with a variety of books in Italian.  We ordered the Milanese Panini (breaded chicken cutlet, tomatoes and pesto sauce on a freshly made foccaccia bread and the Bubi Panini (fresh mozzarella, chopped tomatoes and fresh basil).  For $5, you definitely get your money's worth.  There were 2 wedges for each Panini so we decided to have half of each.  The Bubi was extremely fresh and my friend was in love with it.  I went crazy for the Milanese because of the pesto sauce.  I've had some pesto that was overpowering which is why I don't order it usually, but this sauce was light and flavorful.   I also ordered a plate of Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi for $7.  My cowardly friend was sure she would hate it but bravely tried a small piece. She then split half the bowl with me and we scraped the edges so we didn't leave any spinach or sweet plum tomatoes behind.  I've had gnocchi before and was expecting mostly dough with spinach inside, but these were more like spinach/cheese balls with sauce topped with parmesan.   When we were at the counter originally we inquired about an interesting little bottle of red liquid called Sanbitter, an Italian soda.  This was when we first met Gaia. She told us it has a bitter taste compared to American sodas, and that if we decided to stay she would let us try a bottle on the house.  My friend felt the bitter taste attacked her throat and wouldn't have any more.  I really liked it, and for some reason it reminded me of licorice.  A slice of orange provided a sweet, but not sugary, contrast.  I wound up having another tiny bottle ($1.75 each) and took 2 more home so my husband could try it.  Gaia kept her word and the first one was on the house. Only one other table had people at it so it really did feel like we were guests at Gaia's house.  Everything was made to order, but did not take long.  At one point Gaia walked around to see how we were doing and we could not stop complimenting her food. Simple, pure ingredients prepared with love. After telling us she imports the tomatoes from Italy (obviously because I've never tasted anything so sweet in my life), she asked if we needed some bread to dip into the bowl of gnocchi.  Yes, please!  Fresh, warm bread with a hint of rosemary came to our table in strips and we devoured it.  We were really full.    However, nothing was going to stop us from trying the dessert that is baked on premises! I had a brioche with nutella (Oh. My. Gosh. I would come here JUST for these) and a lemon cookie which was delicious.  My friend had a raspberry linzer tart and a strawberry cookie, and loved them both.  (When you want dessert, you have to go back up to the counter to order it).  At this point we suddenly got the feeling that the place was closing. When Gaia brought over the dessert  she told us to take our time.  At this point it was 7:30pm and she had friends waiting for her.  Only after we left did we see the sign out front saying she closes at 7 p.m. on Tuesdays. (thanks for being so hospitable!) We went to the counter to pay, dessert was on the house.  Seriously, she is way too nice and I don't know how she will stay in business but I know better than to argue with an Italian woman in charge!   Then I saw a favorite dessert of mine, angel wings, freshly baked on a rack.  I had to have one.  Perfect, not sticky sweet, and not crunchy burnt. Gaia calls them angel wings because angels helped her open her business.  Her sincerity touched me.   It is worth the trip from Queens, even on the weekend, and I can't say many things are worth dealing with weekend MTA construction. ATM inside/Another review mentioned tipping. I feel bad that I didn't tip, but I didn't see a jar, and since we ordered at the counter, I didn't even think about leaving money on the table./I would definitely bring my 10 year old niece, but I would not bring my toddler.The décor is "just enough" but if you're looking for chandeliers you won't find them here. Frankly, I'd rather have mouth-watering Italian food as a prelude to romance over tablecloths and waiters with accents, but I know some of you will be looking for a quaint Italian place with candlelit ambiance for a first date.  If you get to the third date and want to impress with the FOOD, come here!
You have to eat at this place first when you get in manhattan . You will find out what I mean ....
Really italiano Food, the best paninis in new york, and very friendly service. Authentic pomodoro and italian cheese
Food was tasty, we ordered the antipasto for two and it came with a little arugula salad as well, something I didnt see in pics. Coffee is sooo good! But they really need to work on their logistics, they dont place your order unless you already have a table and there's only like 6 of them. They can be rude but food is good.
I like to come hither for meatballs, a can of limonata and, if I'm hungry enough, a panini (I havent picked a favourite yet because they're all so damn good) followed by an espresso while reading whichever lad mag I've got with me The food is delicious down home cookin'. I took my Italian food snob friend here (who is Italian and grew up with his nonnas food) and he was impressed by the quality and taste. I've seen them close early when they've run out of meatballs or bread and need longer time to prep for dinner. Once they ran out of lasagna and the owner, who I've seen get feisty with some folks, asked me for my 2nd choice....and took that off the bill. Nice. Not recommended for groups because it's pretty small. And if you're by yourself, share a table with another lone diner to open up some space.
I have tried pretty much everything that's regularly on the menu, with the exception of the daily specials that change. I bring literally EVERYBODY I know here, had a few birthday celebrations (although you should def get reservations for dinner, as they run out of food quickly, and they close quite early 7pm). My favorites are the Elegante panini (homemade bread!), Spinach and gnocchi, the arugula salad, ANYTHING with their buffalo mozarella cheese (that's imported from Italy weekly).
I dream of this place at night. Something about this bread is addicting. I've never actually eaten inside, but I totally would. I usually call and place an order for pickup. I ordered the DELIZIOSO (prosciutto cotto, mozzarella,tomato, anchioves, mustard), the SANO (pesto, frittata, parmesan, tomato and arugula), and the lasagna after my first pick for the spinach ricotta gnocchi was sold out. My god. First off, the ownerlady is awesome. You can tell she knows her food is the shit, but she's not an asshole about it. It's just good food, point blank. THE SANDWICHES! The Delizioso was amazing. Perfect amount of salty and sweet (because they use CHERRY TOMATOES! SO TASTY!). However, I had to pull the anchovy out after 4 bites. I'm not a big fan and never was, but overall it really adds to the sandwich. The Sano was hearty, all veggie but really flavorful. The arugala adds some needed spice to the sandwich. People complain that she adds too much oil to the sandwiches, but it's not true. She knows what she's doig. And the lasagna, oh my. So good. HUGE portion for $5. Totally fresh, subtle flavor. She adds olive oil on top too, which really rounds the whole thing out. Total = $15. Totally worth it and I've already been back 3+ times in the last two weeks (NO REGRETS!) Next on my list = The Militare and the Sicialiano sandwiches, yummm.
Amazing food! Went for lunch and could not have been happier about it!.. Upon walking in and finding out that you seat yourself and order once your get a table (a challenge since the place is tiny and at the time i went it was pack).. We decided to wait it out since the smell was unbelievable (honest like that homie sunday dinner smell, aka delicious) Waited about 30 minutes for a table to clear and it was deff worth it.... The food (which you order at the counter to the owner/ chef who is a little intimidating but ultimately so sweet).. We got the anti pasta for two (totally could feed 4 but the 2 of us ate it all) fresh meats cheese pepper relic.... after that we had the pesto lasagna which i must say was incredible the perfect amount of creamy and salty and yes yes yes... lastly  split a panni the Milanase which was super fresh tasting! Super friendly place both staff and the customers that seem to go... it was an amazing food experience! only downside is that is closes 4-630 and if it gets busy they will turn you away (which is understandable but boo) deff going back!
Food 3.5 Service 2.5 Ambiance 2 O/all just shy of 3 stars Yelp rarely fails me but this is one of the few times.  I don't understand the hype. We came for lunch and ordered the cabbage salad, the meatballs, and the gnocchi.  The salad has strong flavors which might be hit or miss but we enjoyed it.  The meatball was bland and the spinach ricotta gnocchi was shaped liked meatballs which was a new form for me. Prices are modest as most items on the menu are $5-7 per item.  Expect the food to be served slowly, with little service (maybe b/c it was lunch?), and the owner can be a bit abrasive with a slight condescending tone.
My wife and I first went to Gaia during a short trip to NYC from Washington D.C. We had heard that getting a table sans reservation could get tricky given the restaurant's seating capacity, so we were completely surprised that we were seated immediately upon arriving. The restaurant wasn't crowded, and I was able to have a lengthy, educational conversation with the owner about limoncello.  Why mention this? Because I didn't see any of the negative attributes that others have ascribed to her. I don't doubt that some people have had unpleasant experiences - it happens everywhere - but I certainly didn't. The second time we went, about six months after our first visit, Gaia was crowded, but the food, still definitely worth the wait. Simple, flavorful, and well-portioned; not to mention VERY reasonably priced!
Why go anywhere else? That is the question. I live in the East Village and eat outside every day. I have been unable to find better food for comparable prices. Italian restaurants often charge twice as much for pastas that do not measure up to Gaia's home cooking. The atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming, whether you're having an animated dinner with friends, sitting there for hours and quietly studying, or just having a quick lunch. And Gaia is truly charming.   So why go anywhere else?
I've been to Gaia's twice so far and ill definitely be sure to return again! Its a cozy hidden gem in new york city and a great place to have lunch with some of your friends. I highly recommend the Milanese Panini its $5 and totally worth it! Also the pizza is really good, as well as the potatoes in parmesan and tomato sauce is also very good for only $5. I highly recommend coming here if you want affordable good italian food.
This is authentic Italian home-style at its superlative best. No fuss, handmade dishes of extraordinary flavor. Fresh, quality ingredients; this is the closest thing to being in Italy. (Especially try the gnocchi which are made with no pasta... Out of this world.)
Weekends are very busy, so busy that Grandma might come out from the kitchen and kick people out who are already waiting.  She would apologize for waiting so long, and kindly ask you to exit because they can't handle it.  Yeah, that's how popular and great this place is.   A Small but very cozy place.  It can be hard to miss if you are walking really fast, but it's located in the basement as you walk down the stairs. Ordered the spinach gnocchi and Lasagna (got the last one of the day) .  It took forever to come out because its only two people working the kitchen and one person manning the coffee station, attending cashier and also waiting tables.  I'm assuming its family owned.   Spinach gnocchi was spectacular!  Fresh tomato sauce and fresh bread to soak up all that good sauce.  The spinach gnocchi was soft and looked like a mini dinosaur eggs at first glance, but it tasted very awesome. Lasagna with pesto sauce was a bit salty on top, probably because of the cheese, but it was really fresh and soft.  It also came with bread to soak up that awesome pesto sauce. I could have drank the sauce straight, just give me a straw. Cappuccino came last because it was so busy and hectic that I guess it was forgotten.  Took so long that they decided to take it off my bill and just give me a large for free.  Very very awesome customer service. Not just saying that cause I got a free cup of Joe, but because Gaia knows how to handle their customers.  Must say it was one of the best tasting cup of cappuccino I've ever had.  Again, not just saying that cause it was free, but it really tasted spectacular!   Will be back for sure to try many of their other items on the menu.
Delicious, cheap, not terribly crowded.  What could be better?
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST SANDWICHES IN NYC / they are very full of good ingredients imported from Italy / 5 dollars (tell me where in NY you can eat real panini with italian ingredients better than at Gaia) / I don't need customer service for 5 dollars amazing sandwich !!!! Fuck places where they ask me HOW ARE YOU (and they don't care about you) Fuck places where they charge you 10 dollars for a sandwich with fancy fake ingredients Gaia FOREVER
I was a visitor who had been on my feet all day in New York.  I saw the rating and decided to give this place a try.  I am giving it four stars for the food which was delicious.  I am in spite of the rudeness of the owner still giving it four stars.  It was hard for me to translate the dishes, not in English.  The waiter didn't speak English and so we struggled.  Then the owner came up and said what do you want rudely and ended with maybe this is not the place for you.  All of my food is good just order something.  I realized her English perhaps was limited too but the abrasiveness shocked me.  I stayed in spite of how she barked at me.  I do hope someone can help her with her customer skills because the food/restaurant has great potential.
There are a few gems in NYC, Gaia is absolutely one of them. The owner, Gaia is from Italy and an absolute sweetheart. I asked her about recipes and she happily explained. While the hours may be difficult to work around, closing at 6:30p is a bit early in my opinion the food is insanely fresh and good. I had the Proscuitto Panini with Brie, which may have possibly been the best Panino I've ever in my life eaten. It's divine.   Then I had the special for the day. Orichette with fresh tomato sauce and marscarpone cheese topped with fresh arugula. Find a way and get there. Divine.
I loved the vibe in this place, you could work here, meet people, just come in for a good cup of coffee and lunch or dessert, or probably strike up a conversation with the people around you. The paninis are all delicious, but I particularly liked the Goloso, with prosciutto cotto, peppers, and mascarpone. The combination of the cheese and peppers exploded with flavor, and the bread (made there) is light and a perfect complement. Service was excellent and friendly, and the whole experience landed me under $10! The guys next to me, obviously regulars, ordered a pizza, not on the menu, and received a freeform pie on what I assume was a version of the panini bread that looked AMAZING. They probably won't do this for everyone, but loyalty has perks! Try it out, it's easy to walk past, lower level, but it was a great lunch spot!
So when the word cheap is used as the first adjective in most reviews regarding food then it usually means the food is probably not that great but the cheap factor somehow adds flavor to the meal. So if you want cheap with a neat feel to a place this is the place to be. If you are actually looking for good food pay a little more and you will get it elsewhere. I would suggest a coffee and cookie during the slower hours on a rainy day but that's about it
dear freinds and momies on the lower east side if you in ahurry like 15 min. to buy a coffee and you want someone to shout at you at the end of the expeirence please go to gaia caffee thanks god for such lovely places around to be able avoiding the none gaia expierence shame on you owner. galit
This is the best Italian food I have ever had. I planned a visit to Gaia for lunch on my birthday and it did not disappoint.  I knew based on the reviews and the pictures that the place was going to be authentic with incredible food and it absolutely over-impressed us in every way.  I ordered the Spinach Gnocchi and added the meat lasagna for good measure.  These meals average $5 each and were more than enough on their own, but again, based on all I've seen online, I had to be a glutton.   The food was immaculate.  The peppery meat lasagna was the high point for me, with dipping the delicious bread in the remaining sauce being a close second.  My wife spoke with the owner for some time and when she found out it was my birthday, she treated us with 4-5 Italian dessert pastries, which were each better than any that I had at any other point on the trip...and we were regulars at the Plaza Food Hall, which is great in its own right (for a price).  The owner is the sweetest lady and was literally calling out to us as we left wishing me a happy birthday.  Ignore reviews that claim she is anything but nice - those people must suck. I will absolutely be back.
LOVE the food here. Had gnocchi, a panini with eggplant and the specials are always top notch.  Cannot go wrong here. Prices very very reasonable. Staff is courteous and decor is cute and pleasant. Very comfy. Don't forget to finish with a rainbow cookie! Best ever.  Once you come here you will return to try everything!
4.5 Stars I came here two days ago after reading the yelp reviews. I've lived in Italy and so when I came to New York I was itching to find a restaurant that serves authentic Italian food, a feat that has alluded me in my native Washington, DC. When I first stepped into Gaia I was skeptical. The space is small and all but hidden as an underground, hole-in-the-wall cafe. My hopes peaked when I read "No substitutions," the type of snobbery that I welcome because it indicates an investment in the quality of the food. We ordered an antipasti for 4 (arugula salad with prosciutto, mortadella and soppressata with some italian cheeses), the arugula salad with tomatoes, pesto, and parmigiano and another arugula salad with mushrooms, tomatoes and spring onions, a lasagna with pesto, a specialty pasta (orecchiette with a chili tomato sauce and olives), another specialty pasta (squid ink spaghetti with crab meat and tuna) and finally some meatballs with potatoes. Despite the ridiculous amount of food, we finished every bite. The flavors of each dish were well balanced and, in true italian style, showcasing the freshness of the ingredients. I was impressed by the affordability of the menu. My only criticism was that the service was a bit brusque (although the server warmed when she noticed our genuine appreciation for the food), it's BYOB, and closed on Sundays so we couldn't go back. Highly recommend. The next time I'm in New York, I'll be back.
Stopped by here for lunch on one of my days off and must say this place has the best sandwiches in the city for their price. Me and a friend split 2 milanese and sano sandwiches.The paninis have the perfect amount of crisp and you can tell the bread is homemade at first bite. I don't generally eat much Italian food as it's too heavy, especially for lunch, but these paninis break the mold. When ingredients are fresh, you don't feel so sluggish afterwards. Only upset that this place isn't close to where I work. There are 100 places that have garbage sandwiches at double the price, it's too bad there aren't more Gaia locations.
Found this gem on Yelp and after reading several reviews. I figured I needed to check this place out for myself. And my goodness was it amazing! As you walk down the steps to the place you are welcomed with the smells of an Italian bakery and when you open the door you are slapped right in the face with it! The only slap I deem appropriate! I had their chicken milanese panini (at 10am mind you! Time is no restriction at this resturant! Or myself for that matter haha!). It was just perfect. The bread is made in house, traditional crisp panini bread. Not that "yoga mat" material crap everyone is used to!  I highly recommend it! And their coffee is on point and don't get me started with their baked goods!
This place is absolutely amazing! I came here with a friend and I keep on coming back to literally try everything on the menu. Also, the coffee is actually, real coffee, and not the crap that they try to pass off as coffee in 99.99% of italian joints in the city.
Gaia is my absolute favorite restaurant in NYC. Coming from an Italian family with superb cooks, I'm pretty critical of my Italian food, but Gaia's is as close to my Nonna's cooking as anything else I've ever had! My goal is to eat my way through the entire menu but a few highlights: -Gnocchi: pillows of heaven and absolutely to die for. The spinach is so fresh - I could probably eat two helpings of it myself. -Prosciuttino Panini: This comes with brie on it. I wouldn't normally pair prosciutto with brie, but this is unbelievably delicious! -Arugula salad w/ cherry tomatoes with pesto and parmesan: I have a HUGE appetite, so salads don't normally do much for me, but sharing this with another person as an appetizer is perfect. The pesto and parmesan is beyond mouth-watering. A few tips - the place is tiny so either make a reservation or be prepared to wait. It's also BYOB (yet another plus...). The owner (Gaia) is awesome - super passionate about her food and even brings the food to your table herself. Can't wait for it to open again!
Can you say $5 for a freshly made panini in NYC? Unlike what some reviewers say, I thought that 1 panini and a coffee is enough to fill an average person's appetite. It feels homely when you can see chef Guaia herself in the kitchen, a hard worker doing what she loves. I like the setup of the cafe -- you can comfortably come eat solo and read up on headlines from the newspapers and magazines shelved at each table.
Who doesn't like cheap and good food?!?!! I reached at about 12pm so as to avoid any crowd. Firstly, go to the counter to place your order. 2ndly, water is being served. 3rdly, food is being served. Lastly, go to the counter to pay up. I had the Spinach & Ricotta Gnocchi. I have never tried this dish before in my life. I don't know how authentic this was but it tasted so good. When I'm paying up, the lady offered me a small piece of cake which I think it's so nice of her to do that. I would definitely be back to try their Panini & pasta.
came to this place almost two years ago and it has been consistent every time.
We found this place on Yelp after our first option was inexplicably closed.  It's a little hard to find, but sooooo worth it.  Best food we ate the entire time we were in New York!  I had Spinach-stuffed Ravioli, which were surprisingly spicy and doused in an amazing creamy tomato sauce.  My wife had the bufala mozzarella and a soup and it was equally fantastic. This is a tiny hole in the wall so the chef was manning the register when we came in and was able to answer all our questions about ingredients (my wife has some dietary restrictions) and give us advice on menu items.  It was an awesome, totally Old World experience.  I'd go again in a heartbeat.
This place is just the greatest. She is Italian so don't go expecting to be pampered and doted on. Cheap, delicious, and BYOB. How can you beat that? Check out the specials board whenever you're there!
This is high-quality, big-flavored Italian food at bargain basement prices (I'm assuming the prices are such because you are in fact eating in a basement). There's nothing not to like. I just wish this joint was here when I lived across the street and was much, much poorer. If I was eating here on the regular, perhaps I would've gone from "quite poor" to "not quite as poor but still poor" far faster than I did. In any case, I love the straight-forward food listed on their straight-forward menu. Although the panini (all $5) are not the pressed sandwiches you might have in mind, they are exactly as described, between two pieces of light, thin and tasty bread. The tegamini are all just as described, thrown in a metal bowl and baked. I actually assumed the "Idee" section of the menu was another Italian technique I wasn't aware of, but (as the cook explained to me as if I was an idiot) they are just ideas they are trying out to see if they stick. So come check it out and order something that sounds good. If you don't like it, chances are it was probably like $7 anyway. Since that's what most places around here charge for a side of spinach, it's worth a shot.
Thanks Yelpers for helping us to find this place. The food is flavorful, fresh, and unexpected.  The person I presumed to be the owner was clearly passionate about her food.  The prices are really low and makes you wonder if they will survive a lease increase. I really hope that it stays around so that I can have many more meals there.
At an ICAO Aviation workshop last spring, several of us had dinner here. It was magnificent. OMG... One night, I had the lasagne bolognese which was, in all respects, perfect. The next night, I had the potatoes and meatballs in tomato sauce.  OMG, it was wonderful, Each night, the owner came out and visited with us and was the perfect hostess in every regard.  Saucy as her food, she was live ammo and took good-natured shots at all of us which was typical New Yorker, but she was a wonderful lady and the food was far better than one might ever suspect from this small cafe.  She would disappear in a flash to raise hell about something in the kitchen, but wouldn't miss a beat in chatting with us.  Very engaging and delightful lady. Wonderful food from a tiny hole-in-the-wall restaurant.
This place is a hole in the wall, I've passed by it plenty of times before and never once thought to go in. Finally decide to give it a try when we were close by and was too lazy to venture off further, for food. My friend and I shared the prosciutto panini and the meatball dish. The panini was crunchy and was sooooo good. The meatball dish was delicious as well. Gaia brought us the food and was really nice. We struck up a conversation about Italy and the futball that that was going on that day. I would definitely come back here again to try the other stuff.
Excellent food. Excellent service. Excellent Gaia. If you don't like her way, go eat somewhere else.
I had visited gaia based on yelp reviews and was looking for some good home style italian food. I tried the baked food , meatballs and potatoes and was sorely disappointed.Insipid potatoes and tomatoes swimming in oil. My husband did order  an aragula parmesan panini which was apparently quite good (and maybe excellent for the price $5). I'd probably go back for a quick bite but not a place for a weekend meal.
I should start this review by saying that I went here during a weekday for lunch, so I did not experience the crowded craziness a lot of people say they encounter. Gaia was very friendly and the service was good. If you want a delicious and incredibly reasonably priced meal, I highly recommend stopping by here. I ordered the Bubi Panini (basil, mozzarella, tomato and olive oil on homemade focaccia bread) for $5.00. It was outstanding. The bread is by far the best part of this sandwich. The olive oil accents the crispness of the bread brilliantly, along with the fresh tomatoes, basil and mozz. I also ordered the Spinach & Ricotta Gnocchi. Now this isn't your typical gnocchi. It doesn't have a hint of potato in it. It's more spinach and cheese balls, but despite that it still is very tasty. Like the sandwich, it's just as reasonably priced, 7.00 for five decently sized balls in an flavorful tomato sauce. I seriously wanted to lick the bowl. However, you get a side of several pieces of extra bread to soak up the remaining sauce. I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu, there's a lot that looked delicious!
We walked in as the place was closing the kitchen, but the owner said she would take us anyway. The food came out quickly and it was delicious. Service was very good. As we were paying the bill, the owner gave us some dessert items on the house.
Gaia cafe serves real authentic, decently priced, fresh, yum italian food. Some Tips: 1) Come here if you don't mind spotty service since here you have to hound for your own seat- then go up and place your order - go to register to pay your food. 2) Gaia can come off as abrasive and is an interesting character, but all with good intentions 3) Hours on yelp are inaccurate - I heard Gaia telling customers she wasn't taking any more people for lunch around 3pm and would reopen at 6pm... thus make sure you CALL ahead to confirm hours for that day We ordered: - Spinach with ricotta gnocchi which was in a delicious tomato, red pepper sauce. It did not come with bread sticks, which I saw in some pics, but would have complimented it very well, so add that to your order - Milanese panini: chicken cutlet with pesto sauce. The panini bread was so crispy and delicious. - Bubi panini: moz cheese soaked up the bottom panini bread, but a decent panini. Preferred milanese more. - Meat tortillini - comes as a soup which I did not expect, but tastes good and the soup has a meaty flavor.
This is one of those genuine little NYC gems. :) Authentic Italian ingredients (try the Bubi sandwich, it is fresh and delicious) lovingly prepared and served. And the sandwiches (all extremely fresh and delicious) are only $5! Now I don't want to have lunch anywhere else. LOVE this place.
Food is one of the best in town. And if you normalize by price, it could beat one of the most known Italians in town, no kidding. Great ingredients, well prepared and tasty! I heard the service there was not one of the best, so I went prepared to a Seinfeld soup-nazi experience. The only thing that happened that was weird was the owner deciding to change the price of the ricotta lasagna out of the blue: "Tell the costumer we just raised to $8, it is not $5 anymore". As I think the lasagna was outstanding, $5 is indeed really cheap and I was prepared for the worst, it was ok. The waitress is really nice. In all, a really NY style cafe. I will come back, for sure.
This place is a real gem. Great, authentic Italian food, fresh and flavorful, truly homemade on the premises by Gaia herself. Some people might not like the small space or the eclectic ambiance, but screw 'em, the food here is heavenly, including the cookies and pastries. And the cost is incredibly reasonable. I gave it two dollar signs because I always order a lot, but one person could get out of here for less than ten dollars and still have a good meal. I recommend visiting here with a group of three or four, so you can order many things and taste them all. I will return here over and over again.
Holy Smokes.... I need more foodies in my life that can open my eyes, and stomachs to amazing places like Gaia without looking too hard. We were trying to keep our meal light and delicious, but the entire menu looked too good and too cheap to stop ordering. We ended up going family style, 3 people, 4 items and left with full bellies. Drizzled in Parmesan and tomato sauce the only thing holding us back from licking the bowl of Spinach and ricotta gnocchi clean was our lukewarm bread. As for the Buffalo Mozzarella with tomatoes in pesto sauce, we just couldn't stop. It's been  rumored (and by rumors, I mean I didn't google verify) that Gaia gets their fresh mozzarella flown in from Italy every Thursday. Add that to some fresh tasting pesto and you've got yourself a winning combination. With no idea what Bresaola carpaccio with arugula Parmesan would amount to, we ordered our dish and were pleasantly surprised to see too  much meat, lots of parmesan and plenty of greens to keep us healthy. We wanted to keep the health kick going and ordered the arugula salad with tuna. Though the salad was beyond delicious, it was the only item I wouldn't order again if we had to do it again... You've got to save room for desert! Keep in mind that Gaia closes promptly at 7, so if you want your food, get in before 6:30! I only wish they were open later so we could come more often.
This is a great cafe.  I went by myself to grab something for lunch while shopping in LES.  The owner is Italian and a very sweet lady.  The food was all delicious, I had the Elegante panini which came with proscuitto, goat cheese and I think arugula.  I also had one of her homemade amaretto desserts which were delicious.  It's a super small place that you can easily walk past but you should definitely seek it out.
I stumbled about Gaia by accident as alternative choice to the tried but true Wholefoods nearby. This place is a little gem indeed - the only reason I bumped it down a star is the wait for take out was pretty long (15-20 min), but the food was amazing. I ordered potatoes and meatballs, a generous portion for $7 which comes with foccacia bread on the side to mop up the sauce. I will be back!
A very special place. Clean flavors. Perfect Italian food.
I go INSANE for this place. The pesto lasagna is the most amazing dish on the menu, a must have.
Absolutely delightful! I've lived in the area for years and have never come here, I guess the location is a little funky (you have to go downstairs to find it) and I'm kicking myself that I didn't come sooner!  The woman at the counter reminds me of an Italian aunt and the place has a grandmas lunch kitchen type of vibe. The paninis are super fresh on a crispy homemade flatbread (I had the buri but they all looked good). I also had the meatballs and potatoes dish, served in a metal pot, looked like it was prepared with love and very fresh and good (and cheap!!!). I think the panini was $5 and the meatballs were $7 and the portions were a lot bigger than I expected for the price. Cute cute cute stop in soon ... Don't forget to look at the chalkboard next to the register for all the daily specials. Yummmm
I tried one sandwich here and I am terribly curious about the others. I had the delicioso and that name fits. It's freaking delicious.  The sandwich is comprised of a fragrant, thin and crispy bread filled with prociutto, mozz, and perfectly ripened tomatoes. I noticed an anchovies aftertaste which probably added to the sandwich's umami factor. This restaurant isn't New York tiny. There are plenty of tables and chairs but they might not be completely cleared out. I think they're understaffed. I sorta liked their austere decor. Simple chairs and tables to allow their simply delicious food shine. I happened to sit at a table that had a bunch of Italian books available to browse through.  I guess it's the Italian equivalent to manga at a bobashop. They do close randomly here.  I had to try three times before I could have a taste. I want to try their lasagna.  It looks and smells great.
After staying in NYC for a month I found this place at the end.  The sandwiches are delicious, fresh and big!  The soups were amazing!  It's all handmade by Gaia who is the sweetest!  I recommend this place to everyone I know!! RUN to Gaia's for her amazing food!!!
Holy amazing, batman! I came here a few weeks ago on a Friday afternoon. You would never suspect that heading downstairs to this little place on Houston that you are about to experience an Italian taste explosion. I always thought a panini was  supposed to be a little pressed sandwich with grill marks. I ordered the Sano Panini, which was comprised of pesto, frittata, parmesan, tomato and arugula (no grill marks). It was the most fresh and delicious panini I've ever had. The bread was light and thin, and apparently is baked in-house. I can't believe it was only $5....I easily would pay double.  I split the spinach and ricotta gnocci tegamini. Also super good, but definitely a dish for sharing. I will definitely be back!
During my two weeks in New York, this was the best food I ate the entire time. The food is dramatically underpriced for what you get and Gaia, the owner, personally makes your food. If I ordered the same meal and paid double what I did it would have still been worth it. Outstanding.
I actually tried to go here twice before and they were either closed or full.  Please note that this place is really tiny and reservations are key to your success of actually being able to eat here.  If you can get a reservation, this may be the best experience you've had in a while. Personally I find this place A PERFECT place for a date.  It's cheap, it's got great atmosphere, and the food is BOMB. First things first (and most important), this is a BYOW place (no corking fee).  So if you want, bring your own wine or there is a wine store conveniently directly across the street.  Mention that you're at Gaia and you will get a discount (not sure how legit this is). The portions at Gaia are not huge, they're served mostly as Primi's so if you have a couple people there, go ahead and order maybe 1 or two more than the number of people there.  There's also a special board, so be sure to hit that up with the daily delicacies. The panini's are about hand sized.  They're similar to sandwiches between two flatbreads.  They didn't exactly blow my mind. The meatballs were okay... Personally I found them kinda dry.   The spinach gnocchi wasn't exactly what I was expecting.  I would describe it more of a spinach dumpling than traditional gnocchi.  It's definitely got way more spinach than potato so they ended up tasting more like dumplings.  They weren't bad, I just wasn't expecting it. The pastas are PHENOMENAL.  Order everything possible.  I would HIGHLY recommend the lasagna.  It was really really good.  It's a little bit of a twist and it has a pesto creme sauce in it.  I also ordered the fresh pasta of the day, and I was really impressed. You'll also get a small bin of crustini to snack on, but trust me, ask for more and say thank you because you're going to need as much help to drink all the amazing sauce and insert all of it into your mouth. PS, never write a food review when you're hungry.  I have no food in front of me and I'm sad now.
Food is good but the service is terrible.  The lady is an Italian wannabe soup nazi and it just doesn't suit her or the ambiance. She's downright rude (not just to me but to most customers) and though the food is good,  there are so many good Italian options with good service that I won't be back.  And the owner clearly could care less. Peace out Gaia.
We ate here last night.... I waited all day to have this meal and by the time we got there I was ravenous.... FOOD: Best Antipasto I have had in NY, PASTA: Fresh and Delicious SERVICE: Friendly and Wonderful ATMOSPHERE: Charming and Simply Cozy Better than any experience in Little Italy...
Not much to say that hasn't already been said.  The food is amazing.  The owner (Gaia) is the coolest.  I'd eat here every day if I could.  Honestly, every time I'm here I feel like Gaia has welcomed me into her home.  So yes, to put it mildly, I would recommend you eat here.
First things first, if you are going for dinner then make a reservation. This place is popular and rightly so! The food here is superb. I've read other reviews that mention the paninis. So fresh, so tasty, so amazing! The bread is also homemade, which you can feel. If you're going for the whole nine yards then get a nice salad and try the Burrata Cheese as an appetizer, it is divine. For entrée I would wholeheartedly recommend the Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi. There is nothing else like it within a 50 mile radius. It is that good! And finally, Gaia is just delightful. She puts her heart into every meal and it shows. On the only small downside, the service is a bit slow, but it's because they pour their heart out to make everything perfect.
Amazing!!! The pasta is freshly made and the price is more than affordable. You would think this place would never be noticed but its impossible to get a table on Friday or Saturday. The paninis are to die for and again, super fresh! On occasion they will run out of ingredients and will close for an hour to recoup. The staff is friendly and the owner is a sweet lady. A group of 3 will be stuffed for less than $25.
I am dedicating my first ever Yelp review to one of my favorite places in the city. Lurker no more! This is a big moment for me so you know this place must be good...Well, that and the 4.5 rating. Gaia Cafe is my go-to spot for delicious, fresh, homemade, and not to mention, CHEAP Italian food. I have visited more times than I can remember, and I have always left in a good mood and with a full belly. The space is below-ground and small, but it feels very homey. You never feel pressured to leave, and you can sit there on your laptop for as long as you want because there is free wifi! The owner of the cafe (psst..her name is Gaia), is a no-frills, tell-it-to-you-straight Italian lady who does all the cooking and food-shopping daily, and she usually has only one assistant in the kitchen. Here are some useful tips to have a top-notch experience: - You honestly can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Everything is so freaking delicious and under $14. Pasta dishes always come with a side of freshly baked bread (unless they run out). The paninis ($5) are flavorful with ingredients stuffed between thin, crispy slices of bread. If you're ravenous, these will probably not fill you up, so it pairs nicely with a salad or even another sandwich. I recommend the pesto lasagna, arugula salad with carpaccio, and the milanese panini (chicken cutlet & pesto). - If you're a frequenter like me and have tried just about everything there, check out the daily specials menu. We hit the jackpot one night with a ravioli dish with creamy mushroom sauce and truffle oil. As a mushroom lover, my eyes rolled back with every bite. - Gaia usually improvises with ingredients, even when they run out of things on the regular menu. If you ask, she'll recommend what she can whip up for you. - For dinner, arrive here by 6pm LATEST if you can, or try to reserve a table. There were countless times they ran out of bread or locked their door earlier than usual because they simply did not have enough ingredients left. Don't be one of those people who desperately jiggle the door handle in attempt to get in while the last of the diners sympathetically shake their heads in pity. I've seen this happen quite a lot... and I feel their pain. - The type of service here is a mix. Snag a table, grab a menu from the counter, and then place your order there. Once you sit back down, someone will bring over your food. When you're done, you pay/tip at the counter. Try to bring cash, because they charge extra tax if you swipe. Gaia is always willing to chat with you and tell you how the dishes are prepared. You can tell how passionate she is about food. I'll be coming here again and again.
Awesome little subterranean Italian cafe.  Spacious and comfortable. Excellent service to match great coffee and pastries. I hope it can overcome the challenging location.
A real hidden gem in LES. Came here for the first time a few years ago and had no problem getting a seat. Now expect to wait 30-60 min during peak hours on the weekends. The power of Yelp. Her hours are erratic so check before you go. Can't go wrong with Paninis especially for 5 bucks a pop. The Delizioso and Milanese are bomb. I did notice that they've gotten smaller over the years which is perfectly fine because Gaia was pricing it too low to begin with! The arugula with cherry tomoatoes is the best I've ever had. The perfect amount of cheese and dressing and the ingredients taste so fresh. While the veggie lovers may disagree. I thought the spinach and rocotta gnocchi was ok. However I thought the sauce and tomatoes was amazing. Never tasted tomatoes so fresh. Gaia is a sweetheart even though she may come off as a little brash and blunt. You can tell she's very passionate about her food. She comped my iced coffee once and gave me some free baked treats after my meal. (Probably more so because she loves my friend and not me) Nonetheless, thanks Gaia!
Absolutely the best pasta in the city. I have been going to Gaia's  at least three times a week since it first opened in April and I have never been disappointed once! My favorite is the pasta with shrimps, its always been cooked perfectly and the shrimps pieces actually snap when you bite into them. Any pasta special is a winner as well Truly a gem in the city. Its informal setting is immaculate and the owner is friendly but also a real professional when it comes to food, the place gets crowded, its no fast food joint so don't plan to zip out of there with take out panini's - everything is cooked to order - service real Italian style! I have travelled all over Italy and eaten at what feels like every Italian joint in the city  and the pasta at Gaia's may be the best that I have ever had. Absolutely not to be missed.
AUTHENTIC Italian food! So delicious... Clearly a casual cafe (not much decor), but boy did the food shine! We ordered the polenta with gorgonzola  and the pesto lasagna.  The pesto lasagna was incredible... The pasta was definitely fresh and authentic. The pesto sauce was extremely decadent and filled with parmesan. I would order this again and again. They provided plenty of bread for sopping up the delicious left overs. The polenta with gorgonzola was also delicious, especially for gorgonzola lovers- very creamy and smooth. The lasagna was definitely the winner, but the polenta was another great option. Gaia is such a hidden treasure. Would've walked by without noticing if it weren't for Yelp! Highly recommend!
This place is cute and I'm a little bit of a snob when it comes to surroundings other than food. At first I was skeptical but my husband & I went here and the food was amazing. We wanted to grab a panini for our trip back to DC but they are closed on Sundays. Other than that, this will be a first stop when we return to the east vil.
+++ - Milanese was what we thought it was (chicken cooked juicily and flavorfully) and the homemade panini bread was a something every NYCer should try + - Although the owner is very terse, I found it endearing more than rude (Maybe it's just me) - Apple cake was good - Arugula/pesto/tomato/parmesan salad was enough for two ppl to share or good on its own - Panini and salad is a perfect lunch to share between two ppl - plenty of reading materia as you wait for food - - Machiato was a bit too strong for my liking - One waitress, service can be slow on full afternoons --------------------------------------------------­- My interaction with the owner: Me: (after ordering) Do you have a bathroom? Owner: Yes [end scene] I guess, it's my fault though. I should've asked where it was or if I could use it
The food here is super delicious. And so inexpensive. I've eaten the White Bean and Sausage, Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi, the Milanese panini, the arugula salad, and the lasagne. ALL AMAZING. Every time I've eaten here, I go up to the counter to pay and they say it's $17 total for 2 people that have just eaten ourselves silly, it's shocking! In a great way. Anyway, more about the food: the bean and sausage is delicious! I've never tasted anything like it. It's very vinegary, so it's good to have something to balance it out, like bread, but SO GOOD. I basically want to drink the sauce out of a cup (unfortunately that would make for a definite esophageal upset). I still think about it on a regular basis. The gnocchi is addictive, lasagne is very balanced and delicious, and the arugula salad is very tasty. With a good amount of dressing and with delicious tomatoes. The Milanese has juicy chicken and is extremely satisfying. Some caveats for their service: it is hard to get a water refill (I know others have had this same complaint) and I didn't get the most welcoming vibe, but there are a lot of people that go here that seem to have a rapport with the owner. I guess if you're in you're in and I was just not in. Although, I usually don't like to be pals with people like that. Too much social pressure for me to make small talk. But overall, this place has wonderful Italian comfort food. It's cheap and is pretty relaxed--all things I like in a restaurant.
Quite the opposite experience compared to other yelpers. Setting was extremely laid back (timing perhaps?), and all interactions went smooth. My partner in crime & I showed up 30 mins prior to our reserved time & we were accommodated. No fuss as mentioned in other reviews. The chef/owner even knew my name without looking. We ordered, with a suggestion from the counter person, opened our bottle of wine & waited in anticipation. I loved everything. Antipasta had no chance of survival & was quickly devoured. My P.I.C and I then shared 3 entrees. All delish. I thank the chef/owner & she thanked me back. Saying it's a pleasure to have nice people. Idk what the hell others have done to agitate this woman but she was delightful to us, as was the staff. I'm coming back without a doubt.
A small quaint Italian cafe that is very easily to be missed upon stumbling on East Houston Street for dinner with a good friend.  It sits on a lower level of a commercial like building and the metal steps are small and tricky.  Gaia presents freshly homemade paninis by the owner who is also the chef where all baking of panini bread is prepared on-site.  The owner, a native of Italy who is very warm friendly is genuinely welcoming. The Tegamini for Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi at $7.00 was overpowering with Spinach which I was empowered to be Popeye now!!  The Milanese with chicken cutlet, pesto sauce, tomatoes at $5.00 was very good to be shared and the Arugula with cherry tomatoes in Pesto Sauce with Parmesan at $ 7.00 was very fresh and flavor-able. The Prosciuttino panini with prosciutto crudo e brie at $5.00 was also enticing to be devoured.  The Militare mortadella smoked caciotta with honey mustard at $5.00 was delightfully enjoyed in full as for my party of two all were shared.  The owner and chef unfortunately burnt the panini bread for the Prosciuttino who personally express genuinely a thousand sorries for the rigmarole obstacle of our dinning experience.  Her presentation is very simple but nicely prepared, she is fluent in Italian and will ensure patrons visit is at home in true Italian hospitality.  Ciao bella! Price is extremely reasonable which foots the bill in this abject economic misery, but ensure a generous gratuity is dispensed.  I like the intimate atmospheric vibe of the tables which also serves as a coffee table containing magazines with a rack.  I am ecstatically happy that there are no TV on hand ergo, all the focus is the person sitting in front of you.  There is no tone-deafening monster truck loud noise pollution of so-called music either where raging headaches are prevented and couple relationships are enhanced further with the foundation of good substantial communication.  There is also a white desk by the entrance with a book case for the feel of a second bedroom turned home office.  Additional menu of teas, Italian delight coffees, and pastries are inscribed on an old fashioned black and white chalk blackboard.  One single facility is accessible through the kitchen, note a tricky step, which lacks the basic amenities but just the very bare minimum to get the job done. N.B.  Arrive early for dinner as Gaia Italian Cafe closes at 7pm.  An emphatic yes for a surely return visit indeed!
Wow wow wow! I can't believe I've never been to Gaia and now that I have I know R and I will be making this a regular spot. Tucked away on Houston, its almost easy to miss but we made the trek and it is soooo worth it. R and I shared the Arugula with Tomato and Pesto salad (unbelievably good), the Milanese Panini (the bread is amazing!) and the Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi.  Everything was a flavor explosion and while we were well satiated, we could have had a second meal - it was THAT good. Then we shared the nutella with brioche - it was so tasty that R had to order another The prices are great, the hours short but with this much flavor, we'll definitely be working around THEIR schedule If you haven't been there yet, don't even hesitate
A-Freakin-Mazing. Everything was delicioso and affordable. Too good to be true. It's a little cafe downstairs from the street level (which is normally a no-no for me), but I would go back there in a second. The freshly baked focaccia was fabulous. Absolutely fabulous. Also super affordable. This is a hidden gem in NYC.
We are total fans! We were originally looking for something totally different but when we found that restaurant closed, we searched Yelp for a suitable alternative. Boy, am I glad we found Gaia! The first time, we were in-between tours at the Tenement Museum and didn't have much time. We sat down and ordered a bottle of sparkling water, arugula with cherry tomatoes in pesto sauce with Parmesan, potatoes and meatball in tomato sauce, and bresaola carpaccio with arugula and Parmesan. Our order came out in three stages, each accompanied by warm bread. Simple, straightforward fare with a Roman bent, each dish was masterful in its simplicity and dedication to the ingredients. The pesto on the arugula salad was something I'd never thought of, but it worked beautifully. The dish of potatoes and meatballs in tomato sauce sounded so rustic, but the flavors melded perfectly. The bresaola carpaccio was so clean and fresh-tasting that the hubs and I practically dueled over the final bites. Once our meal was finished, we hurriedly paid (we were admonished for not taking the time to digest, which was quite true! :) and headed back to the Tenement Museum. The next time, we decided to forgo the arugula salad but stuck with the potatoes and meatball in tomato sauce, and bresaola carpaccio with arugula and Parmesan. We also ordered the bufala mozzarella with tomatoes in pesto sauce. The second time around was just as delicious, and there were more meatballs this time. The bufala mozzarella was amazing as well. You can't go wrong grabbing lunch or an espresso here, the owner is lovely and friendly and the food is just wonderful.
This place is amazing.  Salads, paninis, pizza (Mondays, I think), it doesn't matter.  Great value too.
If you are looking for an authentic home cooked Italian meal, Gaia is the place to go. She makes everything from scratch and serves the food fresh to your table. We got the antipasto for two to start - which is a HUGE platter of meats, cheeses and pastas - and 3 entrees to share. The ricotta and spinach gnocchi was by far the best dish but the meatballs and potatoes came in a close second. You can taste the freshness of all the ingredients. During the week there isn't much of a wait but on the weekends be sure to call for a reservation since it gets packed and she closes at very random times. As for the service it's okay... You have to order at the counter and wait for them to bring it out but the wait staff tend to be all over the place. This would be the only reason I did not rate this restaurant at 5 stars. Overall this restaurant is an amazing hidden gem. I have gone back multiple times now and would recommend it to anyone in the area!
This is one of the best deals in NYC.  Food is incredible and the value is unreal.  Try the lasagne with pesto and the eggplant panini (unlike any I´ve ever had)!
**1st Attempt** They close early.. -_- Around 7-730? I forgot but all I remember was what kind of restaurant closes that early on a Thursday night?!?!?!?! **2nd Attempt** Postmate style.  I know this is not the ideal way to try out Gaia since it is a cheap place and getting the food delivered is not the same.  Thankfully I had a delivery free coupon from postmate which helped.  Also, probably not ideal since it might taste better fresh and warm out of their kitchen.  Maybe if i were ever in the area at such early times, I would try them out again.   Ordered: 1.  Pesto Lasagna: It did not live up to my expectations according to all the yelp reviews.. It turned out to be bland for me. 2.  Milanese: Pesto panini on the smaller side.. This was probably the best one that I liked. 3. Spinach Ricotta Gnocchi: filling but bland even though I love Gnocchi.. I had to add in my own salt to spice it up!  It was interesting how it came with tomato sauce.   The food was alright.  It was all actually pretty bland to my taste.  For the price, it is definitely affordable but it is a walk from the subway.  Portions are decent but can be a bit on the smaller end too.  I don't think I would purposely go out of my way for Gaia basically!!
Gaia is my favorite little place to eat!!!!!!! Amazing food, amazing owner and inanely good prices. Ten stars!!!
Cute restaurant. Love the decor of this place. Cozy feeling. Upon entering, place your order with the cashier and seat yourself. The cashier was friendly and quick. Little seating available. I appreciate the affordable prices. However, the portions are on the lighter side. If you are super hungry, I suggest ordering more than one dish. They also have a display case of baked goods. Looked delicious. The food is fresh and made with quality ingredients. 1 star deduction because my friend had pieces of plastic in her Fresh Pear Juice drink. Yuck!
Food was good as the other reviews state. However, our waitress messed up the order on multiple occasions. This included giving the wrong dishes, telling us that a dish was another thereby giving the dish to the wrong person, and giving decaf macchiato to the wrong person. The espresso was okay, nothing special, but the decaf macchiato was watered down and was bad. Altogether the service can be much much better as well as their coffee.
Seldom do I go to a restaurant more than once, because there are so many other places to try. But this is definitely one I plan to return to again and again. I'm a starving artist, but also have very high standards, and Gaia hits the mark on both ends. Some of the simplest and most authentic + homey Italian cuisine I've tasted, with most of dishes under $10, and all dishes (including specials) under $20! The owners and staff here are incredibly sweet, and even when the joint gets really busy, they are always accommodating, not pissed off / haughty like some other places. Did I mention it's BYOB? Bring a $3 bottle of Merlot from Trader Joe's and you're good to go! Be sure to try their lasagna, meatballs, paninis (they bake their own bread that's a more like crostini), and mushroom ravioli in truffle oil (This a special, so hopefully they're offering it when you go. If not, you'll just have to return!).
This is a great new place to have in the L.E.S. The food is original and very reasonably priced. I'm starting to become a regular there.
A classic for me.  The food is just perfect in every way.   Very legit italian food. I almost do not want to review so people don't find out this secret gem at the risk of it becoming too crowded! Just go. Take a person who loves food, they will be floored.  And panini sandwiches (shareable) are $5!  The owner obviously just cooks to care for people, not to make money, it is an amazing deal. Gaia is a nice woman who bends over backwards for her patrons and makes you feel like the meal was cooked just for you. Just be sure to know that it is closed on weekends, closes at 7pm on weeknights (not sure about Friday) but on Saturday nights she brings out the pasta dinners which are to die for. Favorite item: Prosciutto Panini !  And get a nutella dessert after!
This is the best Italian cafe I've ever had the delight of eating at in my life.  The proprietor is so incredibly sweet and friendly that it comes out in her food.  I truly felt like I was eating in her kitchen in the Italian countryside.  Eating here made my night.  I can't recommend this place enough!
A no frills cafe in the Alphabet city that serves authentic Italian food! Finger licking good food! P.S. Very very reasonably priced! Don't expect much in terms of decor though. I still love this tiny-hole-in-the-wall eating joint.
Would love to comment on the food, but I can't.  THE WORST service EVER. I called for a reservation on a Monday (took me 2 days to get someone to pick up the phone) for a table for 6 between 4:30 and 5:00.  The owner told me that I would not need one.  Brought 2 elderly people with us and arrived at 4:45 and was told by the owner that she couldn't serve us as we didn't have a reservation.  I reminded her that I had called just 2 days earlier, and she said that I wasn't there by 4:30, so I was out of luck (I reminded her that I had said between 4:30 and 5).  Instead of apologizing for a misunderstand and asking that I come back a different day, she was nasty to us in front of all of her diners.  I would NEVER give her a dime, even if her food is as good as the reviewers say.  Inexcusable.
I don't know how to classify Gaia cafe' as is not ether a restaurant or a classic cafe'. But what ever it is Gaia deliver an authentic Italian experience trough her food. From what I understood she making everything in the house from the bread to pasta or pastry. I order the panino siciliano ( eggplant,fresh tomato,ricotta cheese on home made focaccia bread) very tasty which I highly recommend. Gaia is nothing fancy you come here for the food and why not for the experience. Gaia I will deff coma back to try out the rest of the menu. Grazie R.
Fabulous find.  Friendly service wonderful drinks.  Wish we'd had more time to go back for a meal.
Hands down my favourite Italian joint ever! The home made food by the lovely owner is all about substance over style. The hot dishes are prepared in the oven and given to you in the rugged tin pot, sizzling hot. The perfect place to take your beautiful date :) Buenisimo!
This place is a hidden gem in the LES. I've passed by this place so many times until my friend recommended this place. Affordable. Quick. Delicious. Great Service. Definitely coming back!
Had this place bookmarked to try. Decided to go with my husband and we were actually told to leave 10 mins ago.  We were exploring the menu and my husband was not familiar with the items. A brunette women of about 5'6 with straight shoulder length hair and an accent said to my husband "this is probably not the food for you, just leave " I was stunned in how rude she was when my husband was simply asking what the words meant in the menu. We left.. Never again
I just got today's special spicy panino and it was both delicious and creative with soppressata, lots of veggies, hot sauce and really great bread. I also loved the cookie!
Great little local spot. Very unpretentious, charming, and cozy. I like how there are magazines at all the tables. It's very laid-back. Service is nice, but a little harried and disorganized. When we got there, there were a number of empty tables that hadn't been cleaned, but apparently they were all reserved. We were fine with waiting, but they couldn't decide where to seat us, and asked us to move twice. Both times we had to wait for the table to be cleaned. All that aside, the food is pretty great here. We ordered a couple paninis and the spinach and ricotta gnocchi. The paninis were small but had great quality ingredients. We had one with chicken and pesto and another with ham. The gnocchi looked small, but they were rich and filling. Interesting tanginess with the tomato sauce. Best of all, they are extremely reasonably priced. You really can't get that quality of food for that kind of price anywhere else. This would be an amazing spot for lunch. Wish it was closer to my office.
The perfect home town meal! Delicious in every way!
C'mon guys. The only reason why this place has good reviews is because it's cheap.... And when it's cheap you will receive CHEAP poor customer service. The lady (the owner?) is THE RUDEST person I have ever experienced in my entire life. Why work in the hospitality industry if you hate ppl? Do NOT go here unless you are confident enough to yell back at her (just like I did when I was there)
I recommend the Deliciouso Paninni. 1 is good enough. If your really hungry then get 2 but I can eat a lot and 1 was enough for me not to leave too full. Only $5 and they bake the bread there. This place is a must for your visit or if you are simply around the area. Good decor and magazines too.
Outstanding!  Fresh, high quality ingredients. I closed my eyes and thought I was back in Italy. I had the mozzarella, tomato and pesto plate - it looked like a Jackson Pollack painting (check the pictures out) and tasted like heaven. Words are not going to do this justice - you will simply have to go for yourself and be amazed. The lasagna was made with freshly made pasta and creamy ricotta.  I had this with the pesto sauce - and again spot on great. I can't wait to go back!
Life in the east village can be fun, but many of the restaurants in the area are appealing to people who've come to drink, date, or party. That is to say, if the food is good, it's salty, expensive, and served in the sort of place you don't feel like you belong sitting there eating on your own. And the places where you do feel ok flying solo tend to have very unhealthy food. So I have been searching for a while to find a low key place that serves delicious food at a reasonable price. Gaia is an excellent choice. On the south side of Houston street, it's a little tricky to find; you have to go down a set of stairs into a small, bright, cozy place.. There are recent magazines visible under the half dozen glass topped tables. It's the kind of place you might go to meet a friend or to eat on your own. If it's busy, you may end up sharing a table. I had the lasagna and a fresh pear juice. The pasta comes in a vintage steel tin to keep the food warm. Nicely spiced, filling without being overwhelming, and so comforting. This is simple, delicious, nourishing food and it feels like you're eating at the house of a friend. The decor is nothing special, but the relaxed and friendly vibe of the owner and waitress more than make up for it. You will feel very welcome here. Finally, the prices are very reasonable. $7 will get you lasagna that you could easily pay $15 for a few blocks away at Pulino's. It tastes better and is likely better for you at Gaia. Highly recommended.
OMG Becky!!!! Look at her Gnocci!!! The spinach and ricotta gnocci is amazing. The antispasto Italiano con focaccia is a great way to start your feast. The Owner-Chef is a cute off the boat Italian lady that keeps the Italian tradition; Meaning, you're not customizing your meal... You eat what the Chef is cooking, So dont be asking all these questions...Order, shut up and eat.
Came here on a HOT Friday afternoon with my foodie sister who has been raving about this place. You walk down a flight of stairs to a very homey cafe with limited seating. I thought the place was quite spacious, but packed with people so you would really have to look and wait for someone to get up from a table and quickly seat yourself. With over 200 reviews and almost a perfect 5 star rating, I was super excited to get my food on! My sis and I shared the Milanese panini (chicken cutlet, pesto sauce, tomatoes) and ordered the special of that day, which was the fresh pasta with tuna in a spicy tomato sauce. KEYWORD: FRESH! One of the best pastas I've ever had. You know it's fresh when you bite into it and there's a little "bounce" after. PERFECT texture! I'm usually not a huge fan of tuna and would never willingly order it, but it was a special. I enjoyed this tuna though, no overly fishy after taste or smell. The spicy tomato sauce (with fresh tomatoes) really added a kick to the dish. Hearty and delicious, a must try if it's on the menu. The panini was also superb with its fresh pesto sauce. I took my first bite and felt my heart break a little seeing some of the pesto sauce drip off my chicken cutlet. EVERYTHING is fresh, and they make their own panini. We really couldn't just have tap water to digest this meal, so we "went all out" (haha!) and ordered the flavored San Pellegrino (blood orange over lemon!). If you ever get to have a mini chat with the busy owner Gaia, she is super friendly and do let her know that her food is absolutely amazing! Can't wait to come back for round 2!
My new favorite lunch spot! Delicious panini for only $5. I got the Milanese - chicken, pesto, and tomatoes. I originally asked for it without tomatoes, but the lovely Italian lady running the place told me to try it with tomatoes and if I didn't like it, she'd re-make it. It was AMAZING! I can't wait to go back!!
Try the Milanese panini or one of their daily specials. Everything is good but get their early because they close at 7p
- Simple dishes with some of the best quality ingredients you can find and phenomenal flavor. - It's a sociable environment if you go by yourself and get a table. - Wait staff is friendly, but scattered (a waiter there once forgot who ordered a cappuccino and had to go table to table asking who ordered it). - There's usually a wait, but they have magazines under the tables. - They get busy and don't do as good a job cleaning the tables as they could, so the odds are you'll sit down right after someone else at a dirty table.
Absolutely fantastic! Best panini I've had, the Milanese is jaw dropping and delicious: pesto, tomato and chicken cutlet. Add in freshly squeezed orange juice and you've got a great meal. The place itself is very easy to pass by, the red "illy" logo on the door is easier to see than the Gaia sign. Inside is not to small and not to large, but seating can be a challenge. Yelp directions are a bit off, its between Norfolk and Suffolk St. Hands down one of the best Italian sandwiches you've have!
Made a reservation and came about 5 min after, which I hate to do, but they held it.  Awesome- everything went uphill from there.   Great group of people working there.   The antipasti for 2 could feed 6 people.  It was huge and of exceptional quality.   Ordered pesto lasagne which was delicious, but a little salty possibly from the cheese and not overly big.  Somewhat small.  But yummy.   Ordered meat and potato dish very big and very good.  2 paninis- eggplant and a chicken one both were yummy and big and cheap ! Deserts- cookies were OK.   Ultimately the food was delicious and of great value.  Good service.  Bathroom sucks.   Will be back for sure.
Cheap and delicious. Great coffee and paninis.
I'm not Italian and I don't frequent Italian restaurants...but when I do, I'm sure as hell gonna head back to Gaia for my fix of meatballs and pasta. The meatballs and potatoes were to die for. Perfectly cooked and simmered in delicious sauce with such fresh Parmesan cheese. The specials of the day were black in pasta, mushroom raviolio in a white truffle sauce and meat tortellini. We tried the ravioli and tortellini and they were both TO DIE FOR. I am just sad that the table next to us got the last piece of chocolate cake. Otherwise, it would have been the perfect meal. Oh and BYOB.
This is a casual, family place located on ground level (but with lots of light -- doesn't feel like a cave!), and maybe the service isn't to everyone's taste. I can't figure out why, though, unless you're looking for overpriced food at a glitzy restaurant. Gaia is real (she cooks the food!) and she means business. Everything here is amazing. Coffee, salad, flatbread pizza things, dessert. Yum. Love it. BYOB, and there is a wine shop that delivers (their business cards are at the counter). The only dish I'm less enthused about is the one that is baked (can't remember the name?), but it's still good, just not as good as the others. The place closes from 2-5pm or 2-6pm, can't remember. When we showed up a few minutes before the dinner time opening there was already a line (albeit short). People are serious about this place. Although I've never done it, you can reserve a table too, as I noticed little 'reserved' signs on many tables.
Gaia's food is amazing but I don't think she treats her customer very well.  We called about 5:45pm for dinner.  Gaia said, we must arrive before 6:30pm.   When my party arrived at 6:18pm.  She refused anymore patrons.  Her reason is because she ran out of food.  If you run out of food, why tell your customers when they are on the phone with you?  You welcome them to come make the trek just to tell them you will cannot serve them?   Great way to piss off your customers.
i lived here for 2 years now, and just found out about this place. GOLLY GEE! l love everything about it. a super mom n pop feel. the way it should be. very simple, authentic italian food, at a very reasonable price. i'm italian, and though i've never been to italy, i was raised on 100% italian home cooking since birth. this place is the real deal. this dago approves! make sure u get one of them nutella pastries, too!
grande Gaia! too bad I dont live that close to this tiny lovely space otherwise I'd be here from the morning till the evening. Best "panino" in town. everything she does is outstanding, and yes she makes everything herself.
Amazingly fresh yummy food.  Wish they had a spot here in DC!
This place definitely lives up to the hype.  I love how they don't charge you an arm and a leg for the items here.  I ordered the panini with ham and ricotta, and my hubby almost downed it all once he had a taste of it.  I would definitely order the panini, their bread is thin and crispy *drools*.  His meatball salad was just ok though (it was a special of the day).  He still talks about that panini and we'd definitely be there right now for lunch if it weren't so far away! Can't wait to try their pasta dishes next time.
very cozy home-like atmosphere, very nice waitress, I was about to buy an orange but they gave me one for free since the oranges are for making juices actually, we only had a coffee and a latte there (we were waiting for a slot for the clinton baking company), taste good. The dishes on other peoples table looks healthy and tasty, would definitely try their meal when got a chance in the future. Rushing to write a review now because I just feel really good about this tiny home kitchen like place.
Before I get to the food, I have say that pls don't come here, bitching about the service. The Italian lady works with one employee and she serves, buses tables, also prepare food. You get excellent food for very good prices, so just eat, and clean up your table before leaving. We ordered 4 things, Arugula salad with pesto and parmesan was excellent. Panino was also one of the best I've ever had. The other two were good, but not amazing. I also tried the two pastries she made, they were excellent!!! I strongly recommend it.
Small and authentic.
How does this place even exist? I came with my parents when they were visiting New York. Their hotel was right in the LES so it was a good excuse for me to try out this place that I had read so much about on Yelp. The restaurant is located below street level on Houston. It's a nice little restaurant that seats maybe 20-30 people max. When we arrived, all of the tables were occupied. We decided to try to share a table with another patron but luckily a group of 4 left just as we were sitting down. The menu is not large so it didn't take too long to decide what we would order. I ordered the Spinach-ricotta gnocchi, two of the bubi sandwiches, an arugula salad, and the antipasto for 2. This was a serendipitous miscalculation on my part. The amount of food we received was enormous. The antipasto felt more like it should be for 4-6 people rather than 2. The arugula salad was very refreshing. Some people don't like the slight bitterness of arugula but I love it. The sandwiches were absolutely delicious as well with the focaccia perfectly toasted to a crisp. Although, to be honest, if you ordered the antipasto for 2, you could probably make a bunch of your own bubi sandwiches. The service here is mostly warm and friendly. There seems to be only 2 people working here at any one time and when it gets busy, they get a bit flustered. If you want to dine here on a weekend, make sure you make reservations, otherwise, don't even try. I would love to come back here again and take advantage of their BYOB policy. This place is quickly rising on my list of favorite eateries in the city.
one of the best quick meals I have had in nyc.  The spinach and ricotta gnocchi was served in a tomato and olive oil sauce that was excellent.  the included bread was a must for scooping up the sauce.  Can't imagine a better meal for under $10.
Wow. This place as rocked my Italian food world. One of the best places I've ever eaten. Every dish has complex, interesting flavors. There is care put into every part of your meal. Love this place. I want to go everyday.
This place is so cozy, the food is amazing and the service is spectacular! It is very small, so it's not good for big groups. But everything else is amazing!
Not sure what there is to say about Gaia's that hasn't already been said, but...yeah. It's amazing, and it is genuinely hard for me to wrap my head around its existence. The nexus of incredibly low prices with the highest possible quality, homemade-style food pretty much doesn't exist anywhere else that I found during my two years living in lower Manhattan. The paninis are five dollars each and made of magic. The bread is baked in-house, and the ingredients are phenomenal. Both vegetarian paninis are to die for. The baked goods are a bit more hit and miss, but much in the same way that things you bake at home are wont to be. Basically this place makes you feel like you wandered into someone's kitchen. If you come during off hours you can even set up with your laptop and take advantage of the free wifi and get some work done. The only thing I would change are the hours, which end right before I usually wanted dinner.
The Milanese was dripping a lot of juices as I bit into it but it was great. The Bubi was fragrant and flavorful. They did not have the Fritz? Frizz? drink that was on the menu so I opted for a Macchiato. I look forward to coming back and trying more from their menu.
Ok so when i 1st went, both dishes i had were great. Came back a 2nd time, and the dishes we ordered were just ok. We had: Potatoes and Meatballs in tomato sauce: Looked great, but lacked any real flavor. Meatballs were fresh, but they were kind of bland. The tomato sauce needed more flavor too. Would not order again. Spinach and ricotta gnocchi: Not sure what all the raving reviews for this is? Flavor is blah. Would not order again. Antipasto for 1: This was EXCELLENT. Everything tasted great and the portion for 1 was huge! Not that it takes much work to make this, but great nonetheless. Would order this again and again. Goloso panini: I thought it was really good, but my friends thought it was too heavy after a couple of bites (b/c of the heavy mascarpone). Still a good dish Siciliano panini: also a solid panini. Good flavor. Although 2 of the dishes weren't good (and it makes me hesitant to order any tomato sauce dish there) - i really can't complain b/c the ingredients were good quality and the price is excellent. Would still come back to try other dishes to see what else is really good here.
I spent a month in NYC near this place and I'm sad I only found it during the last few days. My favorite place in all of NYC. The food is simply amazing. It's simple but the ingredients are top notch and the panini bread is made in house. It's the best I've ever had. Everything is hand made with the care of a craftsman and it's super cheap. One panini is $5! You can spend more on salads or soups but they are just $7. Today is my last day in the city and I had to come back. You won't be dissapointed.
My first time at Gaia involved a delicious panini, a deliciously strong coffee, an amazing owner, a spill, a crumbled cookie & tons of crumb-licking. All with the radio playing in the background. I feel like it was the backdrop of a really bad comedy. I've been looking forward to trying this place for a really, really long time, so when I chose to work outside of the home office (aka my bedroom), I decided to get breakfast here - and maybe get some work done. I had read from previous Yelp reviews that nobody really tends to bring out their laptops and work here since it's more like an Italian restaurant than an internet cafe (even though it has free wifi), so I asked the owner if it was alright if I did some work. She said it was totally alright - as long as I left when it got busy so customers could eat at the tables, which is totally alright with me. Then, she recommended the Sano for breakfast - because it was the only panini with eggs in it. Absolutely delicious & fantastic. And HUGE. They use this really thin, herb-filled (looks homemade) bread so you get full off what's in the sandwich & not the bread. I also got a red eye - and she gave me steamed milk to mix in & a crumbled cookie that she couldn't sell. The cookie was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. It was covered in chocolate & almonds and so soft it literally crumbled and melted in your mouth. And when you dip it in the coffee - I almost died from happiness. And then of course, I had to ruin my almost perfect experience by spilling my cup of iced water that the owner brought me. Because I'm extremely clumsy. But that's my own fault. I ended up trying to lick all the crumbs off my plate - and I wish that I could order their pasta in the morning without getting seriously weird looks. Totally looking forward to trying everything on this menu & I can't wait to come back. Oh - and being able to work here for three hours with no interruptions, breakfast & amazing coffee - only $6. Total. Kind of absolutely ridiculous - in the best way.
Best focaccia bread 've ever had, probaly. Gaia, the owner, is such a warm, generous, interesting personality, and you can tell she puts her heart and soul into every meal she prepares. The decor is quirky, but in a casual, unaffected way. I will definitely be coming back.
I guess New Yorkers can tell out-of-towners. I am gushing over my experience at Gaia's. First, when we walked in Gaia looks tough, like she does not take any BS... and this worked to our benefit. A young woman tried to grab one of the only tables available and Gaia let her know that we were there first. She is my hero. So, we ordered an arugula salad, spinach gnocchi and potato and meatballs. The arugula salad was simple but amazing. Next, we had the spinach gnocchi and I still want more (because when you really like something, you want more, you want more). The bread that came with the dish was the only thing that stopped be from licking the bowl... I just used the bread to absorb all the tomato sauce so I did not have to lick it. #NoJudging #SavedBytheBread The potato and meatballs was the only thing that did not WOW me. The tomato sauce was a bit watered down from the potatoes... but it was still good. After dinner, we ordered a dessert to go with our cappuccino and espresso. It was just the ending we needed. Afterward we talked to Gaia for a bit and we just adore her. Everything came up to $22 and I left feeling as if I owed them money. They are practically giving food away here. God bless them. Visiting Gaia only added to our trip while in NY. I know NY has so many other great restaurants and good food to offer, but I do not think I could resist this place if I came back in town.
so, we went to italy over the summer and when we got back we were really experiencing italian food withdrawal. in southern california, there are hardly any real italian places at a decent price with good food. out of desperation, i searched for italian food in new york on yelp one random day and i found gaia. i dreamed of this place. but i knew there would be no way to go there anytime soon. CUE TWO WEEKS LATER! my mom has some conference for her work in NYC - my first ideal tourist attraction is not the statue of liberty, not times square, BUT GAIA CAFE. serendipity at its best. unfortunately since our hotel was right in the middle of times square, gaia was quite a far journey and we had time to go only on our last night, and by that time we had the subways figured out like a pro. from these reviews i imagined gaia as some kindly older italian woman, but she's young! even though we literally walked in at the last minute before she closed, she graciously took us in. nearly two months after i first discovered her i was sitting in her cafe! so i had some pretty high expectations. this was after all my dream food. LO AND BEHOLD the food was amazing. the special that day was some kind of lemon artichoke pasta, which was quite different tasting from usual italian food but tasty. my sister got the spinach gnocci - delicious. i got a panini, i forget which but it was also amazing. i would have ordered heaps and plates of more but i felt bad that we had made gaia wait and cook for us nearly an hour after her closing time. she is truly the best, she even treated us to comp
What an absolutely wonderful find this place is. Gaia takes her food seriously, which shows in the quality. This ain't Olive Garden (thank God) so if you want bottomless salad and breadsticks go somewhere else. But if you want joy in your mouth, go to Gaia's.
Delicious
I was just transported to Siena this morning.  In NYC...This is as good as it gets...earthy, natural an absolute treasure. There is love in Gaia's food which is probably why she is so focused on preparations because she's making everything from scratch.  An Italian woman from Milano doing it all herself with her own hands...don't be put off by her intense focus-ness, she's running a tight ship (in NY for that matter).  When you catch her, you'll see a light, that light is the love that she's putting into her cooking. She said to me this morning, " I believe in Love" which is why she makes the pastries in shapes of hearts.  Now go on and taste it. I dare you.
Really fantastic food! The mozzarella and meats are the real deal. Prices are great. This place needs to be supported!
We love this place so much we have catered parties with her food, twice.  Our guests were amazed. We just returned from Italy so every Italian meal in NYC pales in comparison, but Gaia's  GOLOSO panini (prosciutto cotto, juicy baked peppers and sweet, silky mascarpone cheese) brought us right back. The chef/owner makes everything herself by hand or orders it fresh, so please don't complain if they have shortages.  Don't demand perfection at prices that leave no room for waste.  She works hard and delivers meals you can't get elsewhere on this continent.  So be understanding of the service that she can provide.  Enjoy the marvelous food!
So far i've been here three times and the food is OUTSTANDING!  It's a small hole in the wall type of place that you have to go down a set of stairs to enter.  If you didnt know where it was then it's pretty easy to walk right by.  The first amazing thing about Gaia is that it's BYOB and you can pretty much bring as much as you want. It's a very casual atmosphere- you basically order at the counter and seat yourself.   The second amazing thing are the prices.  I went with my 2 girlfriends and the bill ended up coming to $35 for 3 people.  If that isn't enough to make you want to come here then I don't know what is.  $35 for a 3 person feast in Manhattan is basically unheard of.   We ate like there was no tomorrow.  They usually have some specials on the board.  If they are making the mushroom ravioli I would highly recommend that.  I could bathe in the sauce that it comes with- its out of this world good.  I would also recommend the burratta cheese, the spinach gnocchi, the pesto lasagna, prosciutto/brie panini, and the meatballs with potatoes.  The mozz/tomato salad is really good too!  If you are looking for authentic Italian food that is made with love I would highly recommend coming here.  You will not be dissappointed!
Best italian food in the city! Best prices also! The chef/owner likes things a certain way but the food is so amazing I'm happy to accept her ways lol. Just delicious!
I love this place! From the moment I walked in the owner and the other employee were friendly and ready to help me make the best selection for my lunch, and they also have a full breakfast and dinner menu as well. I even got a free hot chocolate! That would have been enough to make me want to come back, but the food was INCREDIBLE. True authentic Italian food and drink, everything fresh and homemade and oh so tasty! I have been recommending this place all week and created this Yelp account to give it a review. Every cafe should be this good!
I read some of the posts before coming here and almost ruled it out for the ratings it received for service.  They claim to offer good food at a low price and service is an afterthought.  We decided to go and we did get good service, the staff was friendly and the food was amazing.  We had the pesto lasagna and the pasta was so tender it was unlike anything I've ever had.  We also had the daily special.  It was spicy tomato sauce with tuna on a bed of homemade pasta.  Again the pasta was amazing.  I would defiantly come back to this place.   We were there at noon on a Saturday and there was no wait.  The place is very small and cannot seat more than six people at a time.
I absolutely loved this place! Gaia was our server, cook, and friend the entire time we were there. I felt like I was in my mom's kitchen again eating her delicious, tasty food. And, that's not all, the prices were so cheap!! Our bill came out to be around $28 for 3 people and we drank, ate both entrees and salads, and had a great time. I will recommend this place to everyone!
i hate to write reviews bc i don't want to feel over-entitled to my opinions but let's just say that GAIA is the first place i go to when: - i come back from out of town - i'm stoned and want to eat something super bomb, but light and fresh - i don't have much money to spend - i just got paid and do have money to spend - visitors come in from out of town - on mondays - when there's pizza on menu - i want to impress my italian friends since they all have strong opinions about italian    food - i miss home, which is nowhere near italy, but it's something i experience in her cooking. the love and vision, and lack of compromise pluses: BYOB but that's the bottom of the list on why one should go here. minuses: none, gaia is a sweetheart and a true gem to the community. so fuck you if you think otherwise.
I got the Sano panini -- pesto, frittata, parmesan, tomato and arugula -- and almost cried when I finished eating it. Oh my god it was amazing. Definitely going back.
Delicious!! real home styled italian food Great portions Great prices Fresh and tasty Unorthodox style of serving if you are looking for restaurant styled of service this is not for you the owner/ chef is very passionate about her food and style of service she will tell you too wait and chill out i dont mind and like the cafe style its soo worth the wait!! Get there early she will close the door once she runs out of time and patience or ingredients! She is verry nice just a one woman army lol enjoy guys!
I came here based on the five star reviews and I can attest that it earns every one.  The owner is great, the food stellar and the prices seem almost too good to be true.  I can vouch for everything I've tried here including the lasagne, risotto, savory pastries and paninis (great bread).
I went to Gaia based on a friends recommendation and can't thank her enough. Gaia is truly one of those gems you want to keep to yourself, just amazing. I was in town for four weeks and had to limit myself to one visit a week...I could've easily been there everyday. The panini's = superb The antipasto = great quality and fresh produce The gnocchi = different to what I'm used to, but delicious nonetheless The pesto lasagne = save your bread for dipping up this delicious sauce The special truffle pasta = perfection!! The owner is lovely, she makes you feel like you're eating at her home...and the staff are also very friendly. I can't recommend this place enough, probably some of the best traditional simple Italian food I've ever had. Enjoy
We had the lasagna bolognese which was really good.  But the panini with buffala mozzarella was off the chain!!.  So good that we had 2 orders of it.  I will definitely come back here again.   Gaia has a wonderful personality.  I'm so glad I decided to try this place.  Very unassuming. No "over-pretentious-trying-hard-to-be-hip" phonies at this place.  I almost passed this place off.  As we were standing outside contemplating whether to try it; a nice couple passing by said friends of theirs had mentioned the food was really great.  They were so right!!
The panini I just had was named perfectly. Delicioso!! The bread was fresh, flaky but lightly toasted. All the ingredients were fresh and perfectly proportioned to work well together. Spec - thinly sliced and a big pile of it, with milky fresh mozz cut with some acidity with anchovies, mustard, and marinated tomatoes. For $5 you get a large sandwich packed with delicioso!! I'm definitely coming again to try all the other things on the menu. Arrivederci Gaia.
Small place with huge flavors.  Prices were extremely cheap but everything had distinct flavors.   BYOB and order food at the register.   We ordered to share and everything was delicious.  Would definitely try to stop by again next time I'm in NYC
I have yet to eat a dish I didn't like. Their pastas are always fresh and saucey. The sandwiches are always yummy with quality cuts of meat. The prosciutto they frequently feature in their paninis isn't just some corner deli cold cuts but in fact very memorable. Don't forget to get one of their nutella triangles! It's about $1.50~ and they don't skimpy on the nutella.
The absolute Best must go for authentic Italian rolls sandwich...
HOW COULD YOU SAY NO TO $5 PANINIS?! Got the Milanese panini. Seriously, how could you ever go wrong with chicken and avocado?! YOU CAN'T! Panini bread made on the premises. With a nice crunch, and scooped out, you feel invincible without those carbs! Girlfriend ordered the Lasagne with pesto sauce. Oh my God, this place is a godsend. Do yourself a favor and just go.
My favorite place to eat in Manhattan.
Maamaaa Mia
best panini in NYC. fresh cheese and pasta that reminds me of a visit to a small town in italy with a chef/owner who clearly puts her soul in her work. great find for Manhattan.   best to go before there is a block long line to get in. follow-up note on the chef/owner:  several reviews say that she is gruff, rude, and anything but hospitable, especially for somebody in the hospitality business.   This all misses the point. She cooks for herself, an artist among many cooks.   If you don't like it, that's fine.  If you don't like it when she barks (as she did to us) "nobody is coming over to your table", too bad.  In an unusual way, she has a refreshing honesty and, if you did a little deeper, a lot more depth than some reviewers realize.   She is raw and real, and her food is fantastic. second note:  this is the first review i've ever written on yelp, and i did so because this is such a great find.
Just another standard 5/5 review. I ordered the lasagna and I have to say, it was one of the best I've had in LES. The sauce was delicious and the cheese was great but not too oily.  It was made fresh, timely, and the people working there were as pleasant as possible without being sickeningly peppy. Super impressed with the food and I can't wait to try more awesome dishes there.
Brilliant Italian cafe/eatery.  Amazing authentic home cooked Italian meals & homemade pastries.  Definitely try the spinach and ricotta gnocchi with imported buffalo ricotta (amazing & light), delicious capers & tuna salad, the simple clean & tasty Bubi panini w fresh imported mozzarella. Gaia, the owner & chef, cooks & bakes absolutely everything...which of course means the focaccia is also absolutely delicious. This is the real thing, home cooked fresh Italian! Gaia learned to cook by watching her mother & grandmother...which is evident. I can't say enough about the quality of the food. Also available are deli cuts, all imported as much of the ingredients are at Gaia's, and all incredibly well priced! Enjoy!!
My friend called for a reservation, and they had a little card with our name and time on our table!  I liked how we had a corner spot that had some books and magazines to skim through, too. Def make a reservation if you want to eat here, because it gets crowded and it's a small joint.  We were here for over 2 hours, just enjoying our meal.  Our server told us if we go to the liquor store next door, we get 10% off if we say we're dining here.  And so, after ordering our food, we went to get a bottle since this place is BYOB without any extra charge!! We shared an appetizer of some cheese, honey and walnuts.  We both got pasta dishes that were on their specials menu-my friend loved hers, but I barely ate mine.  The server said people are pretty 50/50 about it, and they'll probably take it off the menu.  Despite this, the bread was tasty and I know the pasta was very authentic, so that's why I'm giving this spot 4 stars!  I'll have to try something else next time.
This is my first review on yelp.  I partly want to spread the word on how great Gaia is, and partly want to respond to the one star rating below.   Come to Gaia!  It is amazingly delicious!!  Panini's are only $5!  The bread is homemade, and I have yet to have anywhere close to a bad panini.  Everything is homemade, and I especially love the pesto. Also, the owner is wonderful.  Did I mention there is free wi-fi?   As to the one star review below, I was there the day she came in.  Gaia is down from the sidewalk, and this particular woman left her baby in the stroller on the sidewalk outside!!  I can see how even the slightest wait would make you uneasy, but honestly, she didn't have to wait that long.  She had already paid for her food, and once she got uptight, she complained about the food and coffee and asked for her money back.  The owner gave her money back.  There was no shouting, but instead, the owner was calmly stood up for herself amid the customer's outrageous rants.   moral of the story:  don't leave your baby outside in a stroller, that's just dumb.
A perfect place for a cheap, yet delicious, lunch : $5 paninis and $7 pasta are made with only the freshest Italian ingredients, and everything we had was awesome. There are magazines and newspapers on each table, which is nice if you are enjoying your meal alone. You are also more than welcome to stay a bit at your table after your lunch with your computer if you want to.
Who would think you could get a great paninni in NYC for $5?  You can here. I tried the Montanaro,  fresh baked bread, speck, telaggio cheese and spicy mixed veggies - love at first bite.  The service is first rate.  I had to go back the next day for another taste and the owner offered me coffee while I waited for my to go sandwich.  I'll be back to try some of her entrees/specials!
Best panini ever. Flavorful pasta. Tasty salads. Homey feeling. The owner is also the chef and she is masterful in what she does.
Stumbled upon this gem with my husband. I had the crispest panini and tastiest little cookies and a wonderful cappuccino to top it all off. Try the all'amaretto and lemon cookies and you won't be disappointed!
This place is true to its' Italian roots. The owner is a little rough on the edges but appreciates her good natured customers. While taken aback at first by her personality, I soon warmed up to her. The owner is the chef, the hostess, and waiter. The paninis at this place are bangin'. They don't use the typical pressed white bread but a whole grain thinly slice piece of bread that is very crispy and light. The ingredients are fresh and flavors have a delicious zing to it. After every bite, I found myself nodding my head in appreciation. My bf and I had the Milanese and Delizoso paninis. After the paninis we both shared a Potatoes and Meatball in Tomato sauce and Lasagne With Buffalo Ricotta and Pesto Sauce. Both were godly. While the portions are on the smaller side, I'm OK with it since my grand total for my meal was ONLY $24. Everything is damn cheap here but ironically better than some of the most expensive Italian digs in Manhattan. The food here is very homey and is definitely worth coming back to for multiple visits. A few things to note are that this place can get busy and you may need to make reservations. While this place does have free wifi, it's also an Italian restaurant not a cafe to laze around in . Also, do not expect for the owner to come around to take your order, you will need to get up and bring your order to her. As I mentioned before, she's a little rough around the edges, so don't be surprised if she doesn't clean your table. BYOB! I found that many people had took the liberty to bring their own wine. While this place has its quirks, I will definitely be coming back here.
WOW!  I went in today on a whim, and I'm so glad I did.  I ordered a Prosciutto and Brie Panini, and it was the greatest sandwich I've ever had.  I'm not being hyperbolic.  It was literally the greatest sandwich I've ever had.   I can't wait to go back to try something else.
Amazing paninis and I loved the ricotta spinach gnocchi. Super duper affordable, and service was great too. Only thing to really point out is that I wish we can just pay when we order considering you have to go back up and wait in line to pay at the register again when you are done. If just didn't seem logical to me, but I guess it's not a big deal considering the price!
The best panini I've ever tasted, and only for $5!
Frankly, I am torn between if I should give this a three or four stars. The food here is fantastic -- great value for rustic Italian fare. But the service is rude. My advice is to (a) make sure you have a seat before you order (b) get out of the way, don't block the aisle (c) avoid lunch time. It's a charming little cafe, just avoid the crowd.
The food here is absolutely amazing. We tried the lasagna, the antipasto (giant, delicious platter), gnocchi, and cheese with honey and walnuts. I could eat here for the rest of my life and be content. The service was right up there with the food: so, so warm and welcoming. The atmosphere is very relaxed, too, which was lovely. It's a new favorite.
The reviews weren't lying - this place is great.  I'm always looking for places that offer authentic, hearty Italian comfort food, like the food my nonna makes, and this place hits the spot. It's a true cafe spot, with a small, intimate feel.  It would be a good place for a date.  I like that it has a touch of whimsy, though, with magazines (in English and Italian) under the glass tabletops.  Though it's below street level, it is still well-lit and cozy. A friend and I shared the chicken cutlet panini as an appetizer, the spicy bean and sausage dish, and a daily special pasta that included bacon (because how could I not order something that involved bacon).  Gaia was helpful and obviously appreciates her customers, but she wasn't overly nice, which I actually liked.  She definitely knows what she's doing. The highlight of our meal was the panini.  It was flavorful and toasted just right - too many places don't really know what they're doing when they give you a panini, and this one was so much more than just a warm sandwich.  Both of the main dishes were great as well - perfectly sized portions for sharing.  I like that the menu here includes something for everyone - my friend is a picky eater, and he enjoyed everything.  I was a little uncomfortably full after leaving, but I'm looking forward to going back.
On my last day in NYC, I stepped in for a cappuccino.  I was exhausted from walking all day with 3 kids and with a long evening full of packing ahead of me, I needed a boost.  This place was amazing. I didn't catch her name, but the woman at the counter was delightful and took special care in making the very best cup of cappuccino.  Not only was it delicious, but the woman was kind and, sensing my exhaustion, asked me if I was okay. We chatted a moment and I was sad to leave.  If I lived here, I would stop in daily for my coffee.  5 stars, for sure.
Good heavens to Betsy!  This place is unreal.  Sassy chef, fantastic food and insane prices.  Just have to remember to bring wine next time.  Jeez Louise!
Had the sausage and beans. The red sauce it came with was phenomenal.  My buddy had an artichoke panini that was a special,and it looked great.  In fact they were both so good we decided to get another entree, a pasta special that had a delicious cream sauce and pretty good tortellini.  The only thing holding this place back from a 5 star rating is the fact they seemed flustered by and unable to handle more than a half dozen or so people coming in at the same time. But for a small cafe I was very impressed with the quality of the food and overall experience.
It's true the Chef/Owner Gaia was down right rude to the point of ruining our experience. We were so excited to try her food that we planned our day around it. We were rewarded with dry meatballs and a scolding. I wish I didn't ignore the other reviews that warned of her abrasive attitude. We eat out at least 3x/week from hole in the wall dives to the upscale. There are so many better restaurants with amazing food and friendly service.
I am absolutely in love with Gaia Italian Café - the food, the ambiance, the prices. So, so good. The only sliiight con is the counter lady's attitude, but that's very negligible considering how I barely have to interact with her. My friend and I shared four paninis (I know, I know ... that's way too much :x You really only need 2-3 paninis for two people. One would've been fine for me). We got the Milanese (chicken cutlet + pesto), Goloso (proscuitto + mascarpone + baked pepper), and two other ones that aren't on the online menu. Weird. o_o They both had proscuitto and cheese, though, and they were fabulous. One of them had proscuitto and melted brie, and the other had proscuitto, ricotta, and another kind of cheese. They were all absolutely amazing, and I really don't know what I'd say if you could only get two. I did love the Goloso, though, because the mélange of flavors and textures was so unique. I love their homemade toasted bread. As a side note, I really didn't think they fit my schema of what a panini was - you know, pressed meat & cheese & veggies between two slices of foccacia? Yeah, the sandwich isn't pressed at all ... so it could get kind of messy. (Well, only the Milanese got messy because the pesto was dripping down). The proscuitto is delicious and generous, and the cheeses are really good-quality. Everything is so exquisitely-made that I'm astounded that it's all so ... inexpensive. o_o They serve water in a small carafe and they give you two very small cups for you to pour your own water into. I was surprised because I basically had to repour my cup every few minutes. (Why not invest in bigger cups??) The ambiance is comfortable and trendy, and relatively spacious for a Manhattan dining establishment. I'm not sure how they can afford to keep it like this, but perhaps it has to do with being located in the basement ... o_o. Either way, I like the open tables and the Italian magazines/books everywhere. The tables are a lot bigger than necessary, and they're good for spreading out work on. At the end of my meal, I asked for a box for my panini. The counter lady asked if I would rather have aluminum foil, and I responded "You don't have any small boxes ...?" and she snarkily replied "If I had smaller boxes, I wouldn't be offering you aluminum foil." I guess it could've been funny, but I was just caught off-guard. Either way, she didn't detract from the 5-star experience; I'd still return to Gaia and bring all my friends here. :)
The paninis and desserts are the best items on the menu. The bread for the panini is an unusual, crispy sort that has a great crunch. Ingredients in the sandwiches are light, balanced, and filling. And only $5. The pasta I tried was the orecchiette. It was also good, but a bit salty and heavy for me, and the pasta didn't have that al dente chewiness that I love. The spicy bean sausage appetizer was also too salty...but it went well with the bread. Stick with the panini, though I highly recommend the brioche with nutella for dessert.
Very friendly staff. One of the best paninis i've had, regardless of it's cost ($5). The bread was insanely good. Illy coffee was above average. Everything served is freshly prepared. The hostess even mentioned that for people not used to italian food, "american" style lasagna with gravy and bread is available.
Walking along Houston looking for a place to hang out and get some coffee, I stumbled upon this little gem. First off, you can get a first class original Italian macchiato. Second, I had a splendid plate of antipasto with focaccia bread. Shaved parmigiano with honey and walnuts, arugula, 3 kinds of ham, goat cheese, the works. The modest size and below street level location belies the treasure this place is. A real find. And the owner is a sweetheart. I'll be back soon.
genuinely love this place.The food is good and consistent.I particularly like the oven baked dishes (Tegamini).
I think I can honestly say I have witnessed the worst customer service of all time. A group of seven of us decided that we would go out for lunch on a Saturday and chose  Gaia as our destination of choice. During the week, we called the café to ask for a reservation and were told that they "didn't do reservations for Saturdays" and that you just "needed to show up." Fast forward three days and we finally get to go to Gaia. Three of us showed up at around the same time and asked the guy at the counter if we could push tables together since there would be seven in our party. "Shouldn't be a problem", he said. After setting up the tables, we wait around ten minutes for everyone else to get there and get ready to order. The owner (I think?) comes out to tell us that we should have called ahead of time to let them know we would all be coming on Saturday. We let her know that we did and that we were told they didn't take reservations for Saturdays. Her response? It was: "Well, you should have let us know that you were twelve people. You got lucky because you came and it was empty but imagine we had no space for you. We only have eighteen seats." We were actually only seven, but nobody bothered to argue since we were already there and we had all come from Queens and Brooklyn to eat here. One by one, we go up to the counter to place our orders and are reprimanded and told to go back to our seats so that we can just write our own orders down so that they can get them for us. The same lady from before tells us to write everything down and separate it so she knows when there are separate orders. So, we did. Two of us had ordered custard and nutella and apparently that wasn't being served any longer even though it's on the menu, so she came back out to let us know and also let us know that it was easy to see where the orders were separated. Then, came the wait. As aforementioned there were 7 of us... the first two orders came out rather quickly. I personally had to wait at least a half hour for my lasagne. In other circumstances, I would have appreciated its freshness, but by the time my hot dish came out everyone else's meal was devoured, so it was basically like I was eating alone. After we were done eating, someone -- not the same lady as before -- came out and brought out Italian cookies on the house, which was nice. We waited a few minutes for the check, but didn't get it, so one of us went up to the counter to ask for it. The same lady who was rude at the beginning said, "You guys ruined my entire Saturday." Well, thank you ma'am for that. We had left a 33% tip because we understood that it is difficult to cook for a "party of twelve... (er, 7)" and we even personally thanked the man behind the counter for all of his work. This was our response. Am I ever going back? Not if you paid me. Should you go? If you want affordable Italian food and don't care if you're treated like scum, sure.   If I could give a place no stars, this would be it.
My favorite place ever. Good coffee, delicious pastries, especially chocolate croissant, tasty sandwiches. Everything is homemade, salads, pastas. Be there earlier, when it's just open. Many item go out of menu due to caffe's popularity. I want to move to the neiborhood just to be able to go there everyday. Btw, it is very inexpensive
This place gets one star without hesitation, zero stars if I could. I can't speak to the food but I'm sure it's just fine. The customer service however is an absolute joke and disgrace, so are the employees. I came on Saturday night and was told that they were having a private party, ok I figured I just came on the wrong day and time. Fast forward to today, Monday, January 21. I walk in and immediately go up to the counter where I was literally standing for ten minutes before anyone said a word. During that time no food came out of the kitchen, the only thing that was taking place were that the two female employees were arguing and bickering about something. It seemed like a couple orders got screwed up. Then finally when I got the attention of one of them, I placed my carry out order. Well the other woman who seemed to be in charged yells from the back, literally verbatim, "I cannot serve you, I have to serve all the people out there (pointing to the dining tables)."   She didn't ask if I was willing to wait (I was) or show any kind of remorse. She basically kicked me out, lol, what a joke. It's sad that my first review in almost two years has to be so negative.
Wonderful italian home cooking. We had the pasta with arugula, mascarpone, and tomato sauce; spinach and ricotta gnocchi; bubi panini, everything was delicious and very good on the pocket. Love this place, will definitely come regularly.
I have been here multiple times but there is this waitress that is extremely rude and most of the time there closed at 5.  I knock on their door just now and she refused to even to acknowledge the fact that we were here.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  I called them and asked if they were open and her reply was we wont be open forever you know.  I was astonished by her response.
By far the best, and cheapest, food I've eaten since moving to New York. Panini piled high with bresaola, speck, and prosciutto, with roasted sweet peppers, goat cheese, and mozzarella. $5 panini, $7 pastas (delicious mini-meatballs)....an array of magazines to read over (she keeps them current!), and excellent, amazing customer service. The owner is so nice to everyone that walks in there, does so much of the work herself, and obviously loves her customers and the food she serves them. I ate here twice a week for 4 months when I worked around the corner, and I'm sure I'll continue to make pilgrimages here when my internship is over.
All I have to say is awesome, awesome awesome!!! The service was excellent! The location was just okay:) ... But  who are we kidding? This is NYC and the best places to get good eats are in places like this one... So if you're stuck up and want fancy don't come here... Now, if you are into food, all I have to say is....Amazing!!!
The lasagna here was absolutely incredible - and incredibly cheap. Though on the menu it said it was only $5, they told us once we ordered that the price had been changed to $8. They also refused to sell proscuitto, though they also claimed to sell that on the menu. The chef came to talk to me personally to say that she would NOT personalize a dish for me, which was a little rude and unnecessary. Regardless, we brought our own bottle of wine, no cork fee, and had some good cheap food. Definitely would recommend it for a casual night out.
I consider this a good hole in the wall find. It's not street leveled but you'll notice its sign right away. As you trek down into the small cafe you head over to the counter to grab a menu. You'll notice that nothing is priced more than $10. Lasagna, panini's are 5, salads are around 7 and other specialty pastas go from 7-10. Remember to check the chalkboard to the left as they update their specials frequently. For this review, my girlfriend and I came for brunch on a Saturday. She had the fresh pasta special for $10 and I went with the prosciutto panini for $5. The cafe was bustling and it was one woman working the register and tables (according to other reviews she could possibly be the owner). My panini was good, a little overwhelming on the cheese portion but didn't differ me from finishing it. Her pasta was great, sauce wasn't thick or too light and was a big portion enough for her to share with me. Bread on the side helped me clear the bowl of the sauce :D We also tried their lemon bars. Light treat after the meal. Atmosphere is quaint, magazines and books are found within the tables and on the shelf. Overall it's a great stop for a cheap Italian eat. You rarely see places charge $5 for a panini. Plus, there was no tax (we paid cash). If you're in the area and looking for a bite I'd recommend them.
why were you closed both times i tried to come here during listed operating hours...i don't like that
This spot is below ground on Houston so it's easy to miss- but stop by! The food is truly Italian, cooked fresh and delicious (be warned- some dishes are heavy). The place is decorated really cute and cozy- lets in lots of light which is nice.
Great food
Came here with a colleague of mine. Great small restaurant and friendly staff. We had the antipasto (for 2) to start. Really great assortment of cheeses, nuts and savory sauces. For the entree I got the Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi. Absolutely delicious plate, the gnocchi filled with a delectable and creamy filling. The Illy espresso and italian sodas were a great way to round off a lunch. There's an odd assortment of magazines underneath each table which I found interesting. The restaurant itself is located on a pretty busy street and can be easy to miss, so be sure to look up the actual storefront photo relative to its surroundings.
Small, intimate, relaxed. Fresh, delicious food. Quirky. Next to my favorite gallery, (Participant Inc.)
Delicious food! Unbelievable pricing. Chill, friendly ambiance. And they gave my mom a free Nutella pastry at the end because it was her birthday
Was brought here by a local friend for lunch and was impressed.  Prices are modest and the space is small but the food was great.   Will be coming back here soon.
Unreal. Incredible. Truly the best panini and gnochi that I have ever had and EXTREMELY affordable. Most paninis are $5 and you can BYOB--- I must admit this is the first time I have finished a bottle of wine before 2PM at lunch. One of my favorite places in the LES, and can not wait to go back and try it again. The spinach-ricotta gnocchi was split between my friend and I as a side dish and was fantastic, get it to share with a panini and a bottle of wine and you have yourself the ideal lunch date! I wish they were open for dinner! Very small place and staff truly accomodating and lovely.
I am tempted not to write a review as I would selfishly love to hoard this delightful restaurant in my pocket. We stumbled upon Gaia because we were waiting in line for a different restaurant, which happens to be quite overpriced, and were lucky enough to find a meal that was uh-mazing and inexpensive! We had a cooked pot to start with, which was $7 and delicious, and then followed with two $5 paninis. We walked out satiated and buzzing with warm and fuzzies for a place that serves great food at incredible prices.
Hands down the best Italian I've found not only in NYC but in the US! Using the freshest ingredients, Gaia prepares each of her dishes with the best meats, pastas and cheese she can find! My friends had a private party so we got to sample several dishes including breads, salads, pastas and pizza. The chicken salad with cabbage salad was fantastic: it had a kick to it. The arugula crab salad was also fresh and tasty. I loved the pesto lasagna - so rich and creamy. Her pizzas were just so perfect as well. Gaia welcomed us with open arms and truly made the experience perfect. She was lovable, excited and an amazing host. It's also BYOB - added bonus.
I have a feeling this place is going to be really popular in a couple months, but right now it's a cute, semi-undiscovered gem that serves the best paninis I've had in the city. The bread is baked fresh and topped with olive oil and Italian seasonings. The ingredients are all fresh and prices are really cheap; only $5 for panini's and $2.50 for fresh squeezed juice. I will admit portions are smaller than at other places, but for the price and quality, Gaia can't be beat! I tried both the Bubi (mozzarella/tomato) and Sano panini (frittata/arugula/parmesan), which were equally delicious. I loved how there wasn't too much egg in the Sano, just a thin layer of frittata, so the sandwich felt light but hearty at the same time. I also tried a nutella croissant because it was calling at me from a baking pan- very light and not too sweet. The service was really great (everything prepared by the sweet Italian owner) and when it came time to pay, the cashier insisted my croissant was on the house. The layout is great, with seating spread so you don't feel cramped, and every table has magazines like The Economist to browse through if you're there solo. I love this place!
Small local spot that's very easy to miss being that it's below street level. This was easily the freshest tasting, most authentic Italian food I've had in the states.  The ingredients are very fresh and some are flown in from Italy weekly. The interior is pretty small, seating only about 15-20 comfortably. Now on to the not so good. Our interactions with this one female server/hostess was reminiscent of a Seinfeld episode stuck in the twilight zone. No exaggeration, she was an Italian version of the "Soup Nazi. " The menu is a bit confusing for the uninitiated so I figured I'd ask the Pasta Nazi to clarify a few menu items. Needless to say she went ballistic, began speaking to us in a patronizing tone, and even said she'd break the menu down to the simplest of grammar for us to understand. She even called a member of our party ignorant because we tried to add him to our party after we'd ordered. It was insulting but also pretty hilarious. Quick tips: she'll become irate with parties of more than six. What you see on the menu is what you get. Absolutely no substitutions. Address her with a question at your own risk. You may lose an eye in the process. Call me a masochist, but I'd go back for more abuse and delicious food.
It became a business thing! We went four times in a week while our stay in NYC 2 years ago and brought friends with us. We have a blog for travelers and wrote about the place! We wanted to help a small business! We wrote directly a good review since it was new business at the time! The food is good for the price, but let's be clear my "Nona" used to cook a better lasagna and never refused anybody at our table because not enough chairs! We came yesterday, we are from California, it took us 40 min by metro to go there. When we arrived, there was no table. So we ask to order( we wanted a coffee and pizza while waiting for a table). The women, very helpful at the cashier said that she was sorry but Gaia did not want to serve us until we had a table! Gaia said "don't be sorry, that is the rules". We came from California to go there! You are right, do not be sorry! The response was very rude and the tone very very impolite! You do not care since NOW your restaurant is packed!
Low key spot on Houston Street and the reviews were pretty solid, so I figured why not.  The prices are definitely right so I spoiled myself and went with a panini and some meatballs.  This isn't a fancy Italian spot at all, more like what grandma would make on a day to day basis.  Not bad, but the service was a little slow...okay, really slow.  Food was good but not something I'm running back for.
I am a LES resident and only discovered this restaurant this year thanks to a friend.  You can read all the reviews after mine but mine should be the one you listen to because I am a local and I know the hood and I know food - so it doesn't get better then me.  Gaia is not only an incredible owner of her establishment but one of the nicest people I know, and an amazing chef.  Her prices are the best around and her food is off the charts.  You won't get a better meal for a better price.  Gaia serves true Italian style (and if you've been to Italy you know exactly what I mean).  What is on the menu is what is served that day - no substitutions.  Why?  Because she cooks everything from scratch - EVERYTHING!  She even bakes her own bread.  Where else can you find that in NYC?  Come on you out-of-towners, why be such haters?  Look, if you're not happy, don't come back - more room for the rest of us who appreciate Gaia, Marco, and the rest of the staff.  Gaia, don't listen to those who come in once and you never see again, listen to those of us who love what you do and want to say THANK YOU!!!  We love you and we love your cooking.  Please don't ever leave us!!
*Overall 3.5 stars* Decor: 4/5 Service: 3/5 -Average, nothing special Food: 3.5/5 -I went with the recommended: Milanese. The pesto had way too much oil and I felt sick after eating only half. s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com… -Delizioso Panini was WoW. This was much better. Not oily and quite refreshing. Generous slices of prosciutto cotto & fresh mozzarella. I could not taste the anchioves and the mustard was a good touch but as Kenny C. pointed, he wishes it was Dijon mustard Right now the panini are hit & miss. I need to try their other items for a more accurate rating.
Great place. The price is surprising cheap for the quality of food. Ingredients are fresh and the bread is amazing! Now I want to come back for their pasta. :)
This is truly a hidden gem.  Came here last night for dinner with the girls.  The place is a little hard to find because it's not on street-level, but it's right next to Remedy Diner.  We made a reservation for 4 and when we got here, our table was waiting for us - YAY!  (Yes, apparently you can make a reservation on Saturdays too) This is a simple, no-frills place that looks more like a cafe (oh wait, it IS a cafe!) than a full-fledged restaurant.   It's BYOB with no cork fee.  Unfortunately we didn't coordinate very well, so we ended up with three bottles of random wine and sake.  I generally eat at home before going out for dinner, to avoid looking like the fatty that I am. Thinking that this would be more tapas style (since it's a cafe), I had prepared myself a pre-dinner meal at home of a pint-sized glass of protein shake and a giant egg roll (don't judge!).  I really wish I hadn't done this, because then I would've had more room for all the yummy pasta dishes. The portion is not big but satisfying. The antipasto for two was just enough of an appetizer for the four of us.  We had the spinach and ricotta gnocchi with fresh tomato sauce.  Unlike your typical gnocchi, this giant gnocchi is stuffed with spinach so it is light and fluffy.  The tomato sauce is like crack, my friends proceeded to spoon out every drop of it.  We also ordered something from the specials (written on the board by the cashier's, where you place your order).  I don't remember what it was called.  It was a fettuccine dish with olive oil, lemon, artichoke and some sort of cheese (of course).  Like all the dishes we've tried so far, this is very simple but flavorful with a lemon zest in every bite. I love this dish and hope it makes its way into the regular menu.   The total bill came to about  $40 after tax and tips.  Mind = blown.  That's $10 per person for dinner!  Great food, fresh ingredients, friendly staff, no wait and BYOB!  We'll definitely be back to try more pasta dishes.  Make a reservation and order from the specials.  I think they're only open until 10pm on the weekends, but they were still really busy when we left a little after 10.
I wonder if  some of reviewers and I went to the same restaurant. Basically, I had the same experience Wesely L  had at Gaia last night. I made 6:30 reservations and arrived with my parents at 6:28 PM. We were greeted by being yelled at for arriving early. The host then gave us a table that looked like a desk. We politely asked for another table. The restaurant, at that moment, was close to empty. Instead of offering us another table or just politely explaining it would not be possible, the owner again began to yell at us and being very confrontational. It was my mother birthday, she had turned 78 and my father is 81. Never in my life has anyone spoken so rudely to my parents. The insult that was directed to them was just unbelievable. The owner told us to leave. Can you believe it? A 78 year old women and a 81 year old man got kicked out of a restaurant because they just asked to be seated at another table!  Believe me, my parents are the most polite and gentle people you would ever meet.  We walked out of Gaia, looked at each other and thought, what was that all about. We then walked up a block and had a delicious dinner and  had great service at MasalaWala. If you are considering to eat at Gaia, I would  recommend checking out the filter reviews.
Outstanding food.  Prepared by Gaia, the food is perfectly innovative, yet simplistic and delicious.  Food to Gaia is a craft.   Do not ask for salt and pepper at the table, you won't get it.   Gail's position is that it has been prepared the way it should and doesn't require anything else.  While off putting at first, she was right.  In the end, Gaia was lovely and shared how she prepared the meal.   It is BYOB so bring your own.   Absolutely loved this place.  Will go back with friends.
After reading the fabulous reviews on Yelp, I felt very compelled to try it out. I'm the type of person who rarely rates restaurants poorly unless it was absolutely horrible. No worries, it wasn't bad at all by any means. However, walking in and seeing the B-grade for sanitation was a bit off putting. The prices for the food were extremely reasonable and the portions were indeed filling. I had the Milanese, my mother had the Delizioso, and my brother had the special meat bolognese tortellini of the day. Mine was perfect...huge fan of pesto. My mother said the prosciutto tasted just like any other regular quality ham...not quite sure if that should be how it tastes like. I love the pasta in a bowl idea! Unfortunately, the pasta had a massive amount of cheese tossed on top, which I believe should be more of an option for the customer, and the sauce was rather on the salty side. Service was average, definitely could have put the AC on because it was ridiculously stuffed inside especially after spending the day walking around the city. The manager herself on the phone had been very nice when I called to make a reservation the previous night. On that note, reservations weren't even necessary at all even though their website made it sound like that was crucial. Anyways, I had high hopes for this place, and while I do not hate it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here for awhile.
Day-amn...that's a good panini! This is a tiny basement cafe with great homemade Italian food, for cheap! The crispy paninis were unique and definitely hit the spot...the prosciutto one was especially good. And the fresh pear juice? Hells yeah! Terrific cheap-and-easy lunch option on Houston. Service was also very friendly.
deliciously not-tiny panini for $5. plus coffee and other stuff. i like.
Fantastic food with an authentic feel. Also clearly a local establishment - unpretentious, almost hole-in-the-wall, adding to the authenticity. We ordered two paninis, a lasagna and a spinach ricotta gnocchi - all of them were impressive. Had to reduce atleast one * for poor service. Owner had a gruff bearing and pressed the wrong buttons multiple times. Kinda felt like customers can get served only on her terms.
One of the best cafes located in the LES. They are fresh and yummy, also great prices. Very friendly service. I will be back very soon.
Milanese Panini, ftw! Crispy cutlet with flavorful pesto and tomatoes on a crispy slice of bread, YUM! Didn't get to try any of the dessert, so I can't wait to go back!
I first came across this place as the two of us were coming back from an early morning walk out to the east river and in dire need of some espresso.  We were not expecting to come across anything before getting into Nolita, but we were happily surprised when we spotted Gaia.  We stepped in (well down the flight of stairs and then in), spotted two tables having a quintessential Italian breakfast, and went to the bar to order two caffè - really, truly, absolutely best espresso in the city!  After taking a look at the menu, we decided to return for lunch and when we did, we were not disappointed. The owner is of course Italian and she keeps true to Italian dishes and unbreatable prices!  Do not come to this place expecting a fine dining experience, because that's just not what it is, but do come here expecting delicious food in a comfortable environment and knowing that you will not be breaking the bank.
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner.   Since it was a rather large party, party organizer had called in advanced for a reservation and for family style dinner.  When we got to the restaurant, they had actually locked it so random walk-ins wouldn't come in since the restaurant/cafe is relatively small.  We pretty much had the entire place to ourselves which was nice. Family Style at Gaia is pretty cool...it was like$30 per person and we honestly had no idea what the menu/how many courses and Gaia just cooked.  I think she was literally making whatever she wanted and she gauged how fast/slow we were with our courses....after like our 6th course when everyone was definitely slowing down, she asked us if we wanted more or were ready for dessert so I find that it's really great how accommodating she was.  She made the below for us that night: +Artichoke Pizza +Crab and Arugula Salad +Meat and Cheese Platter +Vegetable Lasagna? + Meat Sauce Pasta? + Mushroom/Portabello Ravioli I think there was a chicken dish in there too but cant remember... TOO MUCH FOOD Regardless it was a delicious experience and I think I would def come back for some real italian cookin'
By far the best meal I've had in a very long time. This gem glows with energy, serves delicious food at reasonable prices, is as friendly as a golden retriever and allows you to BYOB. The hours are restrictive, but I am willing to adjust my schedule in order to come here again.
I've been here twice so far and it's made it's way up to my top fave places in my neighborhood! The first time we had the homemade soup, sano panini, and spinach gnocchi. All were so fresh and delicious I can't wait to go back again. The cappuccino is also perfectly made. It seems like the one woman runs the place by herself, taking orders and cooking. It's the kinda place where you won't have a server checking up on you constantly and that's why tip is not required. You pay at the counter and add $ in the jar if you wish. I think the woman overheard me raving about the homemade soup so she offered me to come in the back while she cooked so i could take notes on her soup recipe! How wonderful! Also, all the items here are soooooooooo inexpensive. $5 for a bomb ass panini. Sold.
please visit this amazing gem of a place.  the food is wonderful, fresh and inexpensive.  the atmosphere is great and the owner, gaia, is a dream.  if you're looking for something new and fresh, stop by.  i go there every day now!
I was honestly blown away by this place. The owner is sweet and works with only 1 or 2 others. Very small operation. Also, it's incredibly cheap! I had the bubi, a caprese panini but it tasted unlike any other caprese panini. Just amazing. Also had the pleasure of having the ricotta and spinach gnocchi. These things are an anomaly. Super thin outside shell and they just melt in your mouth. I will be back..... too often.
Great spot for lunch. I had the Siciliano panini. The bread was amazing and all the ingredients were fresh and delicious. I'll definitely be back.
A 'qualities over quantities' kind of place. You get great tasting italian food in an afternoon snack size meal. The place is easy to miss since it's located under a few flights of stairs, the owner/chef was the only person working there. We seated ourselves (no greeting whatsoever) and thanks to other helpful tip from yelper, we ordered at the cashier instead of waiting for someone to take our orders. I got the Lasagne With Buffalo Ricotta and Pesto Sauce ($5) and my friend got the milanese or the chicken panini w/ pesto sauce ($5) . Both were made to order. I'm not a cheese fan but the lasagne tasted good, ONLY a few bites in. just cheese smoother between thin sheets of lasagne and surrounded by watery pesto sauce. It was a tat salty and frankly too cheesy for me and the bottom part of the lasagne became too mushy from sitting in a pool of pesto. However the bread that came with it was very good. Hot and fresh, tasted like a cross between a nan and bread. Unfortunately I wasn't able to try the milanese panini which looked really good. Chicken with pesto between 2 very thin crusted 'panini' bread. I say this because apparently, there's an extra charge for sharing. Which the owner will ask you during your order. (we could have probably exchanged a bite or so but the owner was looking) portions were small, it's more like a snack you have between lunch and dinner- won't fill you up but at least there's room for dessert. Another tip: don't wait for the owner to bring you the bill, just go to the cashier.
I enjoyed dinner at Gaia on Friday night. It was a perfectly causal place to enjoy fresh, delicious home-made meals for incredibly inexpensive prices.  We ordered two salads, both with arugula, which were perfect. Along with the salads we had the chick pea sou,...where has this been my entire life? It was so tasty! For the mains were ordered flounder fillet with artichokes and lemon sauce, as well as pasta in tomato sauce with olives. Gaia is the cook and incredibly nice. I highly recommend and am looking forward to returning to try the sandwiches and baked goods!
food is the best! the price is also very very reasonable. However, the cashier is rude, bossy, and too strict on demanding how you should eat your food in particular order. you have to order your appetizer first, then entree, finally dessert. you can't change the order. it is a cafe; the style is similar to a coffee shop. all the cookies are just on display! he also seems very inpatient and incapable of multitasking. the chef, waiter, & busboy are much more capable and caring. regardless the quality of the food, since the cashier did not give me a good attitude to start a wonderful dining experience, i have to give it 3 stars. I hope you can change my mind though.
Freshest panini I have ever had, and great prices!
We never would have even seen this place if not for this site, let alone stopped.  But thank goodness for Yelp!  Not only was it our favorite meal of the week during our vacation in New York, it was one of our favorite meals ever.  My husband still talks about the Panini and I dream of the ravioli.  When Gaia saw how much we were enjoying the bread, she even brought out more.  The wait staff was not friendly or well-informed (maybe he was new?), and it's not exactly a glamorous atmosphere, but the food was so good it could cover any multitude of sins!  Gaia, do you think you would ever consider setting up shop in LA?
Had the best lasagna from here the other day. I followed that up with a bean and sausage dish today. The owner is real nice and the food couldn't be better. Can't wait to go back.
YES. When my boyfriend first moved in a block away from this place, his Italian broker recommended that we go to Gaia. She said that the owner is a wealthy Italian woman that runs the restaurant for personal enjoyment. Makes sense considering the crazy low prices (FIVE DOLLA PANINIS) and the super fresh ingredients. We had a shrimp and arugula salad that was on special and a burrata dish. If I could bathe in that burrata, I would, and I would probably come out looking like a newborn child. The shrimp was a tad overcooked, but considering this is like home style cooking and crazy cheap, I'm not complaining. The paninis are on paper thin, crispy bread and loaded with ingredients. Definitely not your George Foreman grill pressed ham and cheese. And the Illy coffee is pretty solid too. I had an iced macchiato, and the weird thing was that it came in a paper cup with a lid like hot coffee, which made it a little more difficult to drink. But whatever, less plastic, less plastic. And it was only $2.50. Places like this are what keep LES awesome. Never leave, Gaia.
Oh my gosh. I have been to so many good sandwich places in Manhattan and Gaia is cheaper AND better than any of them, hands down. The sandwiches have excellent ingredients and are blended in appealing ways--I had this awesome (and sizable) frittata sandwich with baby tomatoes, pesto sauce, there was other stuff in it too, I don't really know how to describe it other than that it was really, really amazing. And it was $5.
This place was pretty awesome for the price. Wife and I had a couple of paninis and iced lattes. We had a pretty awesome lunch for about $20. Food was pretty authentic Italian, nice portions, fresh, and awesome price. We will be back again.
We just got back from a trip to the city and our son, who lives there,  told us this was the best Italian food he had eaten.  We went to Italy last year and this was as good as the best we had there.  Try the cabbage salad with spicy olives and don't miss the panini.  Not fancy but authentic and delicious.
Lovely. I had the lasagna which was good though not hot enough - it was taken out of the fridge and reheated with sauce, which was fine, I'm sure the sitting helped meld the wonderful flavors, just wish it had been hotter. A woman at a table nearby had what sounded like an orgasm as she ate the cabbage salad. The owner was surly but in a charming way. The food was good, but ultimately it was the ambiance defined by the characters around me that made it great!
A few friends that live in the city demanded that we go to Gaia during our recent trip to NY. Gaia and her staff lived up to expectations. The five of us shared 10 different dishes between the pasta, gnocchi sandwiches and dessert. All of the food reflected Gaia's passion, fantastic ingredients and authentic Italian food. Wonderful! Thank you Gaia. I'll be back for sure during my next trip to NY.
Gaia is no joke. I asked if the current menu was all that was being offered (because I didn't see the raved-bout lasagna listed) and without even looking up she said "yes, if you don't like it you can get out". But how could I after reading all of these reviews? We stayed and ordered the onion soup (not on menu), meat lasagna (not on menu but always available) the prosciuttino with brie and meatballs with potatoes. The lasagna was so ridiculously good, my bf and I are going back there again tonight. The server must have saw him inhaling the sauce because she brought out a small basket of hot, fresh bread for him to dip.  In the cab ride home, all he kept thinking was how he could get Gaia to sell him an entire tray of lasagna. I loved the onion soup - the broth was flavorful, the pieces of onion were big and juicy and there was the perfect ratio of bread, to cheese, to onion and broth. The prosciuttino is a true beauty. Two halves of lightly layered prosciutto on a bed of melted brie between two cracker-like slices which added the perfect contrast in textures. There isn't much seating but the cafe is spacious. Gaia literally makes each dish - one at a time with tender love and care. You can taste the attention in each bite and I can't wait to see what specials are available tonight.
Went there last week with the family.  It is a great find.  The food was marvelous.  We had arugula salads, caprese salad, gnocchi, lasagna and panini all were great.  The owner is a lot of fun.  It feels as if you are in an Italian home.  The price is great. We will go there again the next time we are in NYC.
It's only right that I keep the 5-star winning streak going for Gaia on here. The food is absolutely fresh, delicious and affordable. In search of a light lunch, the bf and I each ordered a panini. I had the Sano made with frittata, pesto tomatoes and arugula drizzled with olive oil and he the Delizioso made with prociutto, mozzarella, tomatoes, anchovies dressed with mustard. Both of our paninis were perfectly composed, with layers of beautiful flavors and textures in every bite. I loved how fresh the ingredients were, especially the crispy flatbread that are baked in-house. What's even better is that the paninis were perfectly portioned, enough to fill you up without weighing you down. Definitely a major steal for $5. I can say with confidence that I will probably be back again and again. All the paninis, pasta dishes and other specials on their menu all sound phenomenal. Add in the classy yet casual ambiance and friendly owners and staff, and we have a real gem.
We were a little nervous when we first walked in but they had very good food!
Gaia Italian Cafe is a hidden gem in the LES.   The owner and chef Gaia makes everything and it's super authentic and delicious. I've been there for group dinners and she was able to create a 9 course meal for 10 big hungry guys without us ever taking a look at the menu. I call it the Italian Omakase (Chef's Choice). Gaia is most kind, personable and generous.  Not only is the food there super cheap the best part is that the cafe is BYOB.
GUILTY! I discovered Gaia (The cafe and the Lady) many weeks ago, quite by accident, just walking down Houston, seeking food, and after a wonderful 'tasting menu' exploration (my GF and I tried everything we could could possibly manage without bursting)... exceptional. Almost no 'official' atmosphere, and yet, utterly authentic, real, Italian. Not shabby, but almost like found art - none of your food money has been spent making the place fancy but Gaia is wonderful, and having given them a huge tip on a tiny bill (and still a huge bargain) my guilt is in having told Gaia I was going to review her on Yelp, and then neglected to do so - lots of travel, work, etc. but now, having a reservation for tomorrow, I could not go back without telling the truth - though I don't really know her, I love Gaia ((The cafe and the Lady) and now my guilt is in telling the world, and knowing I'll never be able to find a spare chair there again, sigh, but, I owe it to her, and my sense of fairness. My GF and I are parted... gee, I wonder if Gaia would consider marrying me? Love Harvey
4.5 Yelpers are right on with this one.  I tried coming here 2 other times and they were either closing early or closed for a private party.  Third try was the charm! The server was the owner and she was so awesome -- kept refilling our water and the delicious free bread basket! Her pesto lasagna was absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious at a steal of a price. The highly acclaimed spinach gnocchi - very different from anything I've ever had before.  It was good and the sauce was delicious.  I think I expected it to be a little more flavorful, but still it was fine. The veggie panini - couldn't eat meat on Friday so stuck with the veggie with some cheese and it was absolutely delicious.  I don't usually like panini bread but this was was thin and tasty. Really good and really cheap! Argula salad with tuna- this was good but nothing I would order agian. The panini and pesto lasagna I will return for....and to try the yogurt. I have been let down by about 98% of the Italian restaurants I've tried in NY. The one is a real winner.  Real, home style Italian cooking at 1/4 of the price. The few, perhaps only one I will return to!
I was so impressed with the food, I opened up a Yelp account solely to rate this restaurant.  My wife and I came here last weekend looking for authentic Italian food and that's exactly what we got.  Gaia is a sweetheart and was more than willing to guide us into choosing a nice variety of dishes that suited our tastes.  We ordered the spinach gnocchi, meat lasagna, two paninis, an appetizer of walnuts, honey, and cheese, two desserts, and two Italian sodas, all coming in at just under $40.  This food is authentic Italian, so don't expect to order meatballs or chicken parmigiana here, just homemade Italian food prepared with love.  I would put Gaia's paninis up against anything the city has to offer, even more so when you consider the value--$5 for a sandwich stuffed with the highest-quality, fresh ingredients.  If you have one restaurant to visit on a weekend to New York, this would be it!
This is in comment to Lenny C.'s review. I was there the night him and his group of friends came to the restaurant. The place was crowded, as it should be on a Saturday evening. I'm not sure what led to the happenings, but we were all enjoying our night, until we heard yelling at the front door. He was shouting accusations of racism, which is ridiculous because there were groups of other asians (including myself) eating happily, and as a repeat customer who has had nothing but a generous welcome from Gaia, I was really upset by his diatribe. Not only was he yelling, but he insisted on holding the door open which was blowing in cold air (rude, anyone?). He refused to leave, and continued to ramble on with his ridiculous statements, meanwhile ruining everyone's meal. Gaia's is a small place, but if you're patient you'll be rewarded with awesome authentic Italian, made by truly hardworking kind people. Those with attitude, leave this place for the rest of us to enjoy. Go Gaia!
i had been dying to go to gaia since as long as i've lived in the les (going on 2 years). i finally convinced my bf to go on the sheer fact that if we went and didn't like it. i would finally shut up about it. now HE won't shut up about it because it's so good. we had the bubi, the gnocchi, a chicken panini and nutella turnovers. i had been staring at the first picture on their yelp page of the gnocchi for months, so i couldn't wait to try it. i was disappointed in it... it was basically huge mounds of spinach wrapped in a sheer dough with tomato sauce... not like any typical gnocchi i've ever had and i am a gnocchi conisseur. i usually base an italian place only on the gnocchi alone, but luckily the paninis came out first and were so phenominal (and $5) it didn't even matter that i didn't like the pasta. it's not a typical panini in the sense of big fluffy bread pressed down in a griddle... it's thin, crunchy, delicious bread that houses fresh and simple ingredients. the nutella turnovers were so good my bf ordered another while he was finishing his first! i wanted a cappucino, but they don't have soy milk (can't have regular), so i ordered a regular coffee. only thing i found odd was i asked for a refill on  was charged for an additional cup. oh well... the prices are so cheap they need to make money somehow! cute place too with magazines in the tables to read while you relax. very friendly and accommodating staff. weird hours, but it is a cafe, so it's best to go on the weekends for lunch.
Buonissimo! Gaia is the charming owner of this authentic, Italian cafe/ restaurant..  I was there(thank you Yelp) on Christmas Eve wth two other couples who also came via the YELP BUZZ.  Five stars with good reason: 1. Housemade focaccia is amazing, better than Eataly, and as good as Italy. 2. Dishes are made and served with love and care. 2. Arugula salad with pesto and tomatoes, parmesan is tasty, tasty 3. Antipasto with mortadella, procuito cotto, spyicy cappicola, buffalo ricotta from Italy 4. Lasagna served in a metal dish alla Mama is delish She gave us some pannetone with powdered sugar as we were the last custys of the day.   I took home two croissants with Nutella of course.  Total for the Natale feast was $20.  Like Catania in Downtown Brooklyn, Gaia is the real deal authentico Italian food with amore! Brava!
Another lunch field trip with my coworker....and the pictures on YELP sold it! Food: Ordered the Lasagna with pesto and ricotta ($5) and it was delicious (5/5) and such a DEAL.  My coworker ordered the spinach and ricotta gnocchi and I stole a taste... delicious as well (5/5).  It feels like you walked into an italian grandmother's kitchen. Service: A bit slow for a lunch (4/5)... but worth the wait.  Don't come here for a quick bite. Venue: (4/5) This is a whole in the wall, but very cute vibe.  It's a perfect place to meet a friend to catch up over coffee, BUT nothing fancy.  NOT a date place.
The place pissed me off from the moment I walked in. First words out of the waitress' mouth was, "sit, I'll clean the table after you sit". I had to get my own chairs. We were also essentially scolded in that we're "supposed to go to them" to order. Then the portions were freaking tiny. The gnocchi was flavorless as was the meat and potatoes. Overall, I will NEVER come back here again.
This place is just really really good. Hmmmm how to describe this place. Rustic, Authentic Italian, We came a had a few sandwiches and it was just so good. So many to choose from. As stated from other reviews you definitely need 3 to 4 sandwiches to be full. Than again we are Americans and we should not eat so damn much. Nice cool relaxing place. Awesome coffee!!
The food was delicious. They were like little works of art on plates. The service was also phenomenal! The chef, and the wait staff were all very helpful and delightful. Me an my P.I.C had a great time!
I'm glad to see all the positive reviews and want to second every one of them. Gaia is a treasure - our favorite restaurant and restaurant owner in NYC. If we lived in the EV or LES, we'd have a hard time not eating here every single day. We usually order whatever pasta she is serving that day and then have a hard time deciding what else to order, because we know every other item on the menu or special board is going to make us smile. Every panini and pasta, the bufala mozzarella, any of the tegaminis, the caciotta cheese, the fresh squeezed orange juice; you simply can't go wrong. Oh yes, Gaia's Illy espresso drinks are as good as it gets.
NY needs more honest places like this.. Una cuoca fantastica! I miei complimenti!!! Panini literally took me to a warm comfortable place.. To top it dessert and coffee were so delicate and masterfully made that I felt like I've been fooled all this time in ny by fake baristas in their bow ties and jargon, try making an espresso this good..
Gaia is the perfect place for those looking for affordable, yet tasty, home cooked Italian food.  I bookmarked this place due to the great reviews but I had no idea how close my sister's apartment was to Gaia. Perfect! My sister and I split the following for lunch: ARUGULA WITH CHERRY TOMATOES IN PESTO SAUCE WITH PARMESAN SALAD This may seem like a simple salad but this alone wowed my sister and I.  We both liked how the flavors were balanced out, especially since it's easy for pesto to overwhelm a dish.  My sis loved this salad so much that she wished she had this all to herself. DELIZIOSO PANINI: We split this panini and they were nice enough to cut it for us.  This sandwich contained prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato, anchovies, and mustard.  We enjoyed how light and crisp the bread was, as well as enjoying the freshness of the ingredients sandwiched between. LASAGNE WITH BOLOGNESE SAUCE I haven't had lasagne in ages so I had to get this.  It was simple but I liked how the flavors of the cheese, bolognese sauce and olive oil were balanced.  Plus, this was not a heavy dish which is hard to imagine with lasagne. If you're in the neighborhood, give this place a try!
Unbelievable value for the food here. $5 paninis made with top-notch imported ingredients on house-baked bread. The $12 Italian brunch special on the weekends is great, too: it includes any panini or lasagna of your choice, a freshly pressed fruit juice, a Nutella-stuffed pastry, and a coffee. I strongly recommend the pear juice - it's delicious! The coffee is good - they use Illy. The cafe takes me back to Europe, but it's way cheaper than buying a plane ticket. Tip: Gaia gets in a new shipment of burrata cheese each Thursday evening, and it is really only good for 3 days or so, so take advantage when it's available. It's really something incredible.
So amazing!! Visited with friend Kathrine D. and Kristine R. based on a recommendation from a friend of theirs. A quaint little cafe with to die for food. This was going to be my last meal before I left NY (but it was Memorial day and it was closed). I ordered the Bubi (mozzarella di bufala, tomatoes and basil), half an arugula salad with cherry tomatoes in pesto dressing with parmesan. OH MY GOD. I think I died and went to Italian heaven.  What's even sweeter is that the owner, Gaia, is so sweet, kind, hospitable and accomodating. We also tasted a lasagna that melted in my mouth. I could've eaten the whole thing and some! The portions aren't large, which is perfect because the quality is soo good. And you don't leave feeling like you ate half a cow. You feel leaving elated and blissfully happy that you just had this amazing meal. I think I'm having a moment right now where I'm biting into my panini. Please hold...
First off take note that the Yelp map is incorrect by at least two whole blocks. The restaurant is on Houston between 1st and 2nd. But I'm a firm believer than aimless wandering makes a meal taste better. Gaia fulfills every foodie's fantasy of stumbling upon a skilled chef's rustic little kitchen. The system here is mind bogglingly different. You order at the counter from the chef herself, who has maybe one other person working the kitchen. You don't leave a name, you don't get a number and you don't pay for your meal yet. Instead you go find a seat at a table, one of which includes an Ikea desk. At some point one of the chefs will come out with the food and find their way to you. For such a haphazard system, the Gaia people actually do attempt to keep track of which order belongs to whom, and I was surprised that as soon as I finished one dish they were ready to present the next. Most of the main dishes come in some type of hot tin pot. The gnocchi are not the usual starch bombs I'm used to. Instead they are all filling, with a paper thin skin barely there to hold it all together. I wish it had included a piece of bread to soak up all the remaining sauce. To think of all the sauce at the bottom of those tins that get thrown away at the end of the meal is heartbreaking. Prices are surprisingly affordable for the quality of ingredients. If I were a more cynical person, I would say that Gaia should raise the price of every dish by a few bucks and hire a full time waiter so that this place could operate in a more predictable manner. But that might just ruin everything.
Simply the BEST Italian Restaurant in NYC compered to any other doesn't matter upscale, rustic... whatever! GAIA is the BEST! try if you are lucky her spcial fresh pasta with truffle sauce, and the Siciliano panini, she bakes the focaccia herself! what else can we ask! She is absolutley devoted to quality and love for food! and her strong character only makes it better ;) I take all my friends who come and visit NY there. The first thing they say when they get back home... I miss Gaia! not even NY... just Gaia food. I love to see her complaining at people who is in a rush to calm down, or even telling them she will not take their order if they don't have time to wait... she is the maximum standard of Slow Food! a real one! Tip: don't go at rush lunch hour... go soon at 12pm or later than 2pm your experience will be way better.
I never write reviews for any restaurants on any website. If you like exceptional Italian food, this is your spot. Trust the chef and get the special. I had squid ink linguine with crab in a spicy tomato sauce, hands down the best pasta I've had in my 30 years. Prices are too low, so tip big and make sure Gaia stays open so that I can fly back from my home in southern California to eat here again.
I almost passed it at first because it has a lower level entrance, but Gaia is a wonderful find. I didn't know what to expect, and every time I thought I had pinned it down, the place surprised me again. The decor includes glass tables with trays of magazines underneath and an Ikea-desk-and-bookshelf-turned into a table. They also had a ton of vintage-ish posters on the walls, but they also apparently couldn't decide if their streamers on the ceiling were celebrating Valentines or St Patty's Day. Not a dull setting by any means. We came at 7:30 on a cold, windy Saturday night, and the waitress let us know that they were expecting a larger party, but there was still seating for our table of two (when we left the place was full). We started out with an appetizer plate of cheese, walnuts, honey and bread. The bread was soft; they were generous with the cheese, just generous enough with the honey and walnuts; and it came out on a classy wooden platter that was set down between our green translucent Solo cups of water. The gnocchi we ordered came out first because my friend and I were splitting it all, and I was absolutely amazed at how fresh the spinach was. I'm used to gnocchi being mostly pasta, but this was all spinach and cheese and came in a sauce with chunks of really ripe, hot pieces of tomato. I'm not much of a snob when it comes to demanding fresh food - I honestly can't always tell. But Gaia didn't leave me with any doubt about the quality of their ingredients. We kept tipping the bowl to get more sauce out. I was blown away that such a well-executed dish was staring at me from a pizza slice-shaped plastic plate that was covered in what looked like a child's drawings of cars. The Delizioso panini came out next (we 86'd the anchovies though). Again, the bread was crispy and flavorful, the prosciutto and mozzarella were perfect, and the honey mustard was a really nice touch. The ONLY complaint (if you could call it that) was that the food didn't completely fill us up. This could be partly attributed to the fact that we were practically starving when we got here, so there was a lot of stomach to fill, and/or that we, as a society, are so used to ginormous portions that when something comes along that is reasonable it appears to come up short against all the typical meals that leave us with food comas and food-babies. But we cleaned our plates leaving room for dessert (which we found later after leaving Gaia). Overall, this restaurant is a fun, interesting experience from start to finish, and no one can claim that it isn't all 100% backed up by fantastic food. It really is amazing food for any price, but a $19.00 bill made it that much better. If you want a real dinner, you will have to order an appetizer, or a side item or something, but again, it won't set you back much at all in terms of expense.
What a gem! Thanks to Priya P. for the recommendation. This little cafe is situated on Houston right by Norfolk Street, basement level.  When you walk in it's a very simple space with about five or six tables. We were greeted by the owner upon arrival and sat a table. There is a selection of paninis, salads and something called "idee" which on the menu says "try if you like." When we went there was a lasagna which was AMAZING. It was very light and delicious!  We also ordered paninis - I had the delisicio (proscuitto, mozarella and tomato), my friend ordered the sano (pesto, frittata, parmesan, tomato and arugula) and my other friend ordered the bubi I think (mozzarella di bufala, tomatoes and basil).  I loved how the panini was very fresh and the bread was lightly toasted and baked fresh. They also have cheeses you can purchase and Italian sodas and drinks. I wanted to try some of the pastries, but that just warrants a return trip! In addition, the owner is so kind and hospitable! Great place to enjoy with a few friends or alone with your book and panini!
I really want to like this place. You can see the owner hard at work too. The place is slightly underground and can be easy to miss while walking by but once you're inside, it feels quite welcoming as a cafe should be. Ample seating space and you'll often see people reading or working on their laptops. Anyway, onto the experience--extremely slow for me. I wanted a quick bite and ordered the Milanese panini but it must've taken at least 20 minutes. I'm okay with waiting but what really ticked me off was that other orders taken after me were serviced before mine. Maybe cause it was my first time and the shop places favorites? Whatever. This alone docks two stars for me. The food itself was pretty satisfying as the panini has a nice crunch to it. We ordered the special pizza too which had sausages/artichokes/mozzarella I believe. Also not bad but nothing to write home about.
2 words: 1. CHEAP 2. DELICIOUS After walking by many, many times I decided to stop for dinner... I'm glad I did, this little Italian joint is not only delicious but also very reasonably priced. The owner is usually there, be nice to her... You will only get nice things from her :) I will definitely come back... a few times a week perhaps!
This is seriously my favorite panini place! I highly recommend the Sano panini and the nutella pastry! $5 for a panini??? crazyiness. The bread is flat and toasted with olive oil, arugula, pesto sauce, and egg mmm....its amazing, get a cup of coffee and just sit and enjoy the wifi. You can pay with credit and your phone using LevelUp! So convenient, they also have this new bonus points card which I have yet to use. I think the owner is hilarious! Wonderful woman, loves to joke around especially about Bubis teehee. Other stuff: The gnocchi here has a lot of spinach and the sauce goes great with the bread they give. The lasagna didn't do it for me because I favor a tomato base. They're not open on Sundays =( which is why I'm sad and writing a yelp review on this place...
Clearly this place is the bomb...my two cents: 1. it's S-L-O-W. but waddya expect, it's a small team, and she's sprinkling the food with joy dust from her heart, ok? 2. get the burrata. doesn't matter if you dunno what that is. just get it.
Gaia is a great no-fuss Italian eatery with a homey, comforting atmosphere. The dining area resembles a cute Italian cafe, and the staff are really friendly and accommodating. When we showed up, they had two tables roped off for reservations, but they said we could still sit at one of the tables until the customers showed up.  While I learned Italian with flash cards tucked next to our table, a fresh arugula salad with parmesan cheese, pesto, and tomatoes arrived.  The salad was perfect - not overdressed, and the pesto vinaigrette freshened the normally bitter arugula to perfection. The parmesan was also delightfully sprinkled on each leaf. My dining partner and I each ordered the beef lasagna and the spinach-ricotta gnocci after reading some of the other Yelp reviews.  I was slightly disappointed with my gnocci, although it was swimming in a delicious, made-from-scratch marinara sauce that was exceptional. My problem with the gnocci is that there was too much spinach and not enough ricotta, meaning it felt like I was eating a ball of spinach rather than a delicate pillow of cheese and creaminess I expect from a gnocci. It was also a little oversalted. The lasagna, on the other hand, was amazing.  The pasta was extremely tender, the beef flavorful, and the cheese perfectly balanced so that the lasagna didn't taste heavy or greasy.  We fought over who would get to eat the last bite of that lasagna. Overall, I'd highly recommend Gaia, especially for their can't-be-beat prices. With each entree under $10, you can't find a better Italian meal in NYC.
This place is the authentic, most original Italian restaurant in the city. The owner, Gaia, is a one man woman -if you get what I mean. She was there on her own when me and my 4 other friends walked into this cozy place. There were many locals in the place -eating, drinking coffee and working on their laptops or reading their books. People walked in and greeted Gaia like they knew her for so long. You could tell it wasn't just a restaurant, it was local favorite as well. Most of my friends ordered a panini, including me. It was only 5 dollars and Gaia makes the bread -in house. My other two friends got the pesto lasagna and the special for the day which was flounder in stew. I saw some guy out of the corner of my eye eating the pesto linguine and it looked amazing. I got the Bubi panini which was just tomatoes, mozzarella and olive oil. Simple, but yet excellent. The one thing I did not like about it was how much oil was in. Other than that, it was great. I tried my friend's pesto lasagna ($5) and it was SO GOOD. I would come back to order that and it was a pretty decent portion for only $5. We all ordered at the same time, and because they bake the bread on the spot once you order, it takes a really long time. Gaia was nice enough to give us a complimentary arugala  salad which was amazing. It was so nice of her! And we also ordered pear juice which comes in a tiny glass. It was so fresh -but not worth $2.50. All in all, the experience was great. Warm and friend service goes  long way. And they don't charge tax. Ordered a panini? Fork up exactly $5, but don't forget to tip well -they deserve it! Definitely will come back! "Are you sure they didn't make a typo for the lasagna price? I think they forgot a 1 next to the 5." "No, my friend. This place is just that amazing."
Love the Italian pastries by the counter. Rainbow cookies are one of my favorites and they were so good. Ben got a frozen creamy coffee thing that was yummy too.   Also a plus? They're open early on the weekends. Go with the Milanese panini, the bread is awesomely crunchy and the pesto/tomato/Parmesan mix on top of the breaded chicken cutlet was delicious and an add to my crave list. We also ordered the meatballs with potatoes. Rustic comfort food that hit the spot. On my way out I grabbed a few more rainbow cookies to munch on on the way home. We'll definitely be back!
I used to complain about the service, but her food is just so good I don't care. Plus, now she has help who tend to be less rough around the edges. Order from the specials on the blackboard. I have never once been disappointed by the quality of the food. Gaia is a culinary GENIUS. Most difficult part of coming here is finding an empty table. On your own for that one.
Wow I didnt realize Gaia makes each dish and that just made it 5 stars. Damn good and real Italian food here. I had an iced latte and panini and it was delish. Coffee was well done like a real cafe should. I ordered the Milanese Panini - fried chicken cutlet with tomatoes and pesto sauce. A bit messy to eat but I enjoyed it like a little kid with melted chocolate. I loved the toasted panini that added the extra crunch. I saw a number of customers order the cooked bowls, will take a note to try next time. Environment is also a plus, very homey and automatically makes you comfortable. 'Nuff said-this won't be my only trip..
Didn't even stay for dinner! Came at 6:25 when they had a sign that said open at 6:30 even though people were sitting down at tables. I went up and politely asked to sit with my girlfriend since her legs hurt. Instead of saying no problem like normal customer service the woman decided to be rude and yell saying "fine! we won't even consider you until 6:30!" If this food is as good as the ratings...not worth the horrible customer treatment.
A trip to this place is totally worth it. The cafe is named after the owner Gaia, a very sweet lady. We got the lasagna with pesto and ricotta cheese, spinach gnocchi and a panini. All were so delicious. The dishes come with fresh focaccia bread on the side. Also do try their fresh orange juice for just $2.50. Everything is as good as it can get and the prices are unbelievable.   I requested Gaia that she extend the weekday times to at least 8pm so people like me who work late can enjoy the place on weekdays too. She said she will be doing that soon. I will be there again very soon as I am already missing their food!
Want good sandwich for $5? If you can find one anywhere else around here besides Gaia please let me know. All the food is actually good here, and that's the primary focus here, its no frills as someone said. Love Gaia's spin on Italian sandwiches and hearing rumor she might close makes me very sad. Def one of the best lunch spots in the neighborhood
I found this place on yelp and I am so happy that I did! The owner was funny and nice; a lot different than what some reviews made her out to be. My boyfriend ordered the Milanese panini and I had the Bubi panini. It wasn't that busy the day we went so our food came fairly quickly. The panini bread was probably my favorite part, so warm and crunchy. My boyfriend said the hint of pesto in his was really good. Overall it was delicious and filling, yet still light. The restaurant itself was nice, cozy and quiet. Best of all, the price was great, only 5 dollars per panini. I'll be back. :)
SO delicious, cheap and friendly. My favorite lunch spot in the LES. I recommend the Siciliano panino (eggplant!)
Made with love by the best. I have eaten at Gaia several times and have found the food consistently superb. My last meal reached heights of transcendence, the lasagna a particular standout; it very nearly brought me to tears. Simple cuisine, perfectly executed. The variety is equally impressive, with a host of perfectly sized paninis, numerous fine entrees, and various pastries awaiting your degustation. And while I'm not one for coffee, I hear that's good too. It is hard to describe how excellent the food is (you'll have to see for yourself), but  what is easy to describe is the price -- this stuff is cheap. Food of lower quality goes for double in Manhattan. While I'm not claiming that Gaia makes the best food I've ever eaten, the deliciousness-to-price ratio is greater than that of any other restaurant I have ever been to.
Let's get it out of the way. Service: 2 stars. The few tables to sit at were dirty. My friend had to ask a waiter to clean our filthy table. "Clean" meant get rid of the menu with coffee on it. Really disappointing. Our food was initially given away to someone else, but the excellent waitress apologized and gave us these cute little cookies to munch on. Food: 5 stars. Wow. The food is excellent, fresh, and well prepared. Essentially perfect. And it's a steal! Most things on the menu are 5 or 7 dollars. The paninis and baked dishes are great--I want to try everything! The owner is very pleasant and likable. Remember not to be in a rush, because the place is slow. Portions are fairly small, especially considering this is Italian, which is great because you get to try more things. At Gaia's prices, you really can't complain.
As everyone has previously stated, this place is small and fairly well hidden, located in a basement setting on Houston, off a small side street out of the usual hot spots in the LES. This place also closes early (7 pm I believe), and doesn't have very many tables (also not good for groups larger than 4). HOWEVER, don't let that deter you, as this place has amazing (and inexpensive) food that is lovingly handmade to order. My first time here I came with 2 friends and we got the last table before closing. Although they serve many great Italian coffees and sodas, they do NOT serve alcoholic beverages. This place is BYOB friendly, bring several bottles of your fave wine and they will open it for you and provide the classes! The best way to sample everything is to order "family" style, although if you don't like to share, then that's ok too :) Starters: -Arugula salad w/cherry tomatoes, Pesto and Parmesan (HEAVEN - and enough for 3 people as a side/starter salad) -Antipasto Italiano: I think there are about 2 choices, depending on how many you want to serve w/this platter meat/cheese. It comes w/a variety, although the two standouts for me were the Mortadella (I've heard this is the bologna of Italian meats, but the type they serve here is AMAZING) and the Prosciutto (which was..kinda disappointing actually, compared to the Mortadella). The platter comes w/a variety of cheeses and bread as well. -Buffalo Mozzarella w/Pesto sauce: delicious :) Main: -Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi: I happen to dislike traditional gnocchi, which is super heavy and to me, kinda gelatinous (I have an odd fixation with texture in my food), but this was actually quite delicious. There was a thin covering of pasta/potato(??) over the spinach and ricotta mixture. Definitely more spinach than cheese, but I enjoyed it. -Lasagna w/Buffalo Ricotta and pesto sauce: AMAZING! Best lasagna ever, everyone wanted to just eat this, so if you're with a group, get two. The juices (yes, there is some sort of creamy pesto mixture that the lasagna is sitting in) are so damn good, you will spoon feed it to yourself (or you know, order extra bread to dip in it). -So full from the starters, we didn't try anything else, but next time I go with a group, I hope to convince them into one of the panini's or meatball entree. Dessert: we were quite full from all the rest, so we didn't plan on anything. As my friend goes to pay for our meal (all of the above came out to $45!!!!!), Gaia insists we try these cookies she has and gives us a bag FREE for us to take home, when we did get around to eating them, again, SO.DAMN.GOOD! Overall, some of the best Italian I've had, combined w/Gaia's warmth and generosity, definitely made this a great experience and I've been talking it up ever since. I've made it back a couple of times and still holds up :)
I wish I stopped by this place sooner to enjoy more of their delicious sandwiches. First off, the place is below ground and small, but they didn't cramp in the tables and chairs, so you will have plenty of room to move from your neighbors while eating in. Most of the menu items are sandwiches, but they are only about $5! They DO accept credit card and the service is pretty good. Just be patient! Food may take some time to make, but it's definitely worth the wait~ I have to say that my friend and I were starving Monday around noon. We stopped by here and ended up having 3 sandwiches and a lasagna.  Why three sandwiches? Their bread is extremely delicious. It's hot, crunchy and balances whatever they put in between the slices of flat bread. To go into detail of what we had: 1. Bubi($5)- fresh delicious mozzarella cheese with tomato and fresh basil. what else can you ask for? 2. Milanese($5)- This sandwich has refreshing diced tomato balancing the thin crispy chicken cutlet with delicious pesto sauce. 3. Sicilano($5)- thinly sliced raw eggplant with salty cheese to balance the rawness of the eggplant. I definitely could have been happier with less eggplant slices, but overall, it worked very well with the salty cheese and fresh basil. 4. Lasagna ($5)- We ordered it with pesto sauce and it was extremely creamy. If you are more of a tomato sauce person in your lasagna, don't get it with pesto sauce. I definitely enjoy creamy, so it was quite delicious. The lasagna pieces are HUGE and filled with ricotta cheese. Unfortunate part was that I would have liked more basil in my lasagna. In addition to the delicious meal, we ordered fresh pear juice and coffee. My friend loved the coffee. No sugar needed. I enjoyed my pear juice ($2.50), but it's definitely more of "pear sauce" consistency- thick with fresh pear in each sip. Love this place, but the only bad thing would be the hours. They aren't open on Sundays and they close pretty early during the weekdays. However, their cheap delicious food cannot be beat!
Not your typical Italian restaurant.  Very casual, and very very good.  Each dish is juicy, flavorful, and impressively cooked just right. The hot food is served in these metallic bowl-like dishes. Keeps the food warm.  Order a few dishes and it's easy to do family style. Prices are very reasonable, borderline cheap -- but food is high quality. Best occasion: casual meals, not a fancy date.
SOOO good!! Get whatever is the special, we had pizza and it was life changing.. The panini and gnocchi was also out of this world
the spinach and ricotta gnocchi was fantastic. the panini was perfect. the value is insane. the laid back vibe was also a plus. i was a huge fan of pepe verde back in the day and the simplicity of the food(not the food itself but just how simple it is) and the space reminded me of that old hudson gem.
4.5 stars Mama Mia! I don't think I've tasted a better Panini in this city. The panini was only $5 but one's not enough to fill anyone with a sizable appetite. Since we were a party of four, we ordered: Delicato Panini: Phenomenal! The freshness of the ingredients and the thin crunchy bread comes together in the kind of bite that makes you appreciate life. 5/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot… Spicy Bean and Sausage: Good, but not mind blowing. 3.5/5 Burratina Cheese Idee: Another incredible dish put together by fresh simple ingredients. The mushroom, parsley, white wine sauce and the bread that came with this dish had me wishing I was in Italy. 5/5 Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi: I prefer gnocchi to be hearty. Their version was loaded with spinach which made it a lighter dish. 4/5 MENU: yelp.com/user_local_phot… Gaia is located below the street level so it's easy to miss. The décor is minimal but the focus is obviously on the food. When we came here, it was sweltering hot outside and the AC wasn't turned on or it was broken. Other customers seemed oblivious to the heat but for peeps who do mind the heat I'd suggest grabbing a panini to go or dining here when temps cool down.
So after setting up for a big shoot at the Angel Orensanz Foundation around the corner for a photoshoot, I was tired and starving and noticed Gaia.  Since I love to support independent businesses Gaia looked perfect! I wanted to get a panini but they were out of fresh mozzarella and the bread was out too (which they bake on site).  Since I had to get back to the shoot soon, I couldn't wait and Gaia offered up the lasagna.  It was a huge portion and was a great value and it also tasted great!   The service was a lil slow, but I think if you embrace your inner European and go with the flow you'll enjoy yourself here.
I'm a believer!!   The arugula salad with baby tomatos is seriously delicious.  There's a lot of good cheese going on in there so its seriously tasty. I tried the Milanese panini and I was really into it.  I want to go back and try every single one.   I also asked the owner if she recommended the gnocchi that everyone seems to love but she actually recommended the special of the day.  I should have gone w/ her suggestion b/c I actually liked the gnocchi the least out of all the dishes we ordered.  It's essentially balls of spinach and cheese.  To some that's probably the best thing on earth but to me it wasn't quite as good as the other dishes we tried.   I am coming back FOR SURE.  Service was really great.  The owner and our waitress were really sweet.
This little place downstairs from street level looks more like a cafe than anything. However, it serves some amazing and cheap Italian food. For $5, I had the delicato. A "panini" with prosciutto cotto (a thinly sliced delicate ham) with a Swiss-like cheese and a ridiculous ricotta di bufula. The ricotta is so creamy and it definitely adds a necessary texture to the sandwich. This contrasts with the bread, which is not your thick, heavy panini bread. Instead, it's so thin and crispy, I would compare it more to a cracker. For $15, I ordered a porcini ravioli with a cream sauce sprinkled with parmigiano reggiano. I got 6-7 raviolis of fresh pasta with a creamy and delicious sauce, which was not too heavy. I would expect to pay $20-30 for this dish elsewhere. The portion was incredible. I would recommend getting just a plate like this and it should be enough. My only problem is that it's hard to figure out what it is. It closes at 7PM, so it's not really where you can get a "real" dinner in. You'd have to come earlier. I also would not bring a date as it's not really a restaurant and lacks a bathroom. There is still table service though. I would bring a friend though for a delicious lunch or early dinner though. It's extremely casual, but still relatively cheap and very delicious. The place does not serve wine, but it's BYOB or they have a number for a service that delivers free wine. If I want some tasty, relatively cheap Italian for lunch by myself, I would come here.
One of the best Italian restaurants in New York City. The dishes are big and inexpensive. It's clear that the staff love what they do for a living. The free bread is delicious and purrfect for scooping up the hearty pasta sauce that comes in big dinged metal bowls.
I don't hand out 5 star reviews lightly, but Gaia has crafted a near-perfect cafe experience for me. The space itself is roomy and well lit without being too bright. If seating is scarce you can double up on a table without falling into your neighbor's plate every time you take a bite of your own food. The tables themselves are spacious enough even for my awkward frame, and have a neat little undercarriage where the owner puts current magazines and periodicals for you to read. The panini are the stars of the show food-wise; my Militare was quite possibly the best sammy I've ever had - the fresh baked bread and the honey mustard were near perfect. My vegetarian GF reports that her Sano was up to snuff as well. I'm pretty sure once the word gets out about this place it'll be swamped with patrons, but for now it tops my list of coffee shops and cafes.
Gaia has very very good, real, wholesome Italian food. I adore Italian food, I cook it myself, so I feel that I have already the palette to know when I am meeting simply GREAT food. I enjoyed the spinach and ricotta gnocchi, with tomato sauce. it's very fluffy and gentle, and this is the kind of food you really feel like taking a nap after you eat it. in a good way :) The lasagna is also terrific, I recommend the bolognese sauce for an extra hearty meal. the sandwiches and Paninis are also great, and I really love the simple and lovely decor of the place.
It's neat that folks are so excited to support this charming young woman from Milan.  You do feel as though you step into her living room for lunch at Gaia's place.  The atmosphere is quite casual but comfortable. While the staff can be a bit air-headed, the small sandwiches are quite enjoyable and a relative bargain.  The bread is quite thin and crispy and the construction is minimalist.  The mascarpone filling in a savory ham sandwich I sampled melted in my mouth.  The salads were tempting but appeared so drenched with oil that I passed.   I will be back.  This is a wonderful (relatively) new addition to the Lower East Side and I am looking forward to coming back for dinner soon.
I finally decided to try Gaia Cafe; and can I just say, the long and frigid trek through the lower east side was welllll worth it. Yes, you, who are reading this review and have already bookmarked the business- come sooner because you'll soon find happiness in the form of crispy homemade panini bread and spinach ricotta gnocchis (isn't that word so fun to say? haha) Things you'll try and surely love: - Milanese Panini - Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi - Lasagne with Buffalo Ricotta and Cream Pesto Sauce I love how you can't feel too guilty about eating this kind of Italian food because 1) fresh ingredients 2) portions aren't too heavy 3) everything's so cheap!!! Will definitely come back and try, perhaps, everything else on the menu.
I love this place!! It's unbelievably economical for the authentic Italian food you get to feast on. I always share both the antipasto, where you get a gigantic plate of meats, cheeses, and breads, and an amazing panini (all of them are great!). Service is great as well. Waitress is super nice and Gaia is so eager to explain everything to you if she sees even a speck of confusion on your face when you're reading the menu!
Your $$$ goes a long way here! The food is light and delicious and very reasonably priced. The majority of items on the menu are $5-7 and they are all fresh and homemade. Two people and a two course dinner for about $33 before tip. We suggest sharing an arugula salad and a panini and ordering two pasta dishes as an entree. Everything was flavorful and satisfying. It is BYOB so buy a bottle of wine (or two!) and bring it with you! They do not currently charge a cork fee. Make reservations! It is a small restaurant and even though your reservation may serve more as a recommended arrival time, it certainly won't hurt as there were people coming in continuously throughout the evening. Once you're seated and have chosen what you want, order at the front counter where you pay at the end too.
Funny place!  They ran out of bread and couldn't make my panini for at least 20 min (since they make the bread fresh).  I had already been waiting, so to fix the situation the chefs (these two adorable italian women) decide they will whip up something even better.  Next thing I know they are prepping their homemade lasagne for me.  At that point I was so hungry I didn't even care, and I was up for the challenge of taking the chefs request.  The wait wasn't horribly long (I had ordered it for take out), I got my food to go and finally got to bite into the thing.  It was delicious!  The ingredients couldn't be fresher, the taste is truly homemade.  Now all I can think about is how good that homemade bread I didn't wait for must taste.  A lot of love is going into that food, and I will definitely be going back.   Now lets just hope they keep those prices down!
I like to think places like this are what New York is all about.  I past it twice just looking for it to realize I had to go down a small outside stairs to get to it.  Loved the decor, the type of place people like to hang/study/read.  During the small wait for your food there's plenty to keep your eyes busy. THE FOOD:  My review is based on the first time I went, I had the Sano panini.  First thing I thought when I took a bite was how freshly made it was, you can really tell each ingredient was placed together with real TLC.  I'm not even a vegetarian and the Sano blew me away.  The frittata inside was super soft and once again fresh like the rest of the ingredients.  Second time I went I had the Siciliano and although it was good, it didn't come close to the sano.  OH: AND THEY'RE ONLY 5 BUCKS. I base my rating almost strictly on quality of food.  Other people may complain there were no bathrooms.  While I found it funny, a woman (I think she was the head chef) was clearly having a bad day (as we all do) and was ticked off about some crappy customers (which I agree lots of them suck), yet my sano still came out stellar. Other pluses, girl at the register was super nice, made lots of small talk, even 2nd time I went and she wasn't even working.  Free water, and help with suggestions as I'm fickle and can never decide.  Overall: a place I like to go out of my way to support.
I had such high expectations for Gaia with all these 5 star yelp reviews... I stepped in hoping to be wowed but I had a very mediocre meal with shitty service to boot. My boyfriend and I stepped in for an early lunch. The waitress was setting some tables and didn't even acknowledge us as we walked into the restaurant. We stood at the counter waiting to order while she continued to set tables and work on some things in the back, all which seemed very non-urgent to me. If you have customers in front of you, you should tend to them first instead of worrying about putting out sugar for coffee and moving around empty pots behind the counter. When she finally acknowledged that we were ready to order, she took our order and then continued to work on whatever chores she had to do in the restaurant. She did not go prepare our orders right away. We waited maybe 10-15 minutes for our panini (which by the way, was freaking amazing). We had 2 more pasta dishes to follow. The first came out 10 minutes after the panini, and the second came out another 10 minutes later. In our situation, it wasn't a huge deal because we were sharing everything. But if we were not sharing each plate, we would be sitting there waiting for the other person's dish and letting the food get cold. I saw some fresh bread being pulled out of the oven and asked if we could get some to accompany our pasta. I received 4 cold and measly sized pieces of bread, square pieces just 1 inch by 2 inch. The pasta was very unimpressive.  The spinach and ricotto gnocchi was basically a loosely packed spinach ball. Perhaps there is a regional difference in what gnocchi should be, but this was not the kind I was hoping for. The lasanga was mostly pasta with no filling, and the pasta was a bit too al dente for my taste. Our panini was amazing and if I only tried the panini, I would grant this place a higher rating. The bread was perfect, thin and crisp and it was stuffed with tons of meat. A great deal for just $5. The panini really was amazing and  solely for that reason I see myself returning for a cheap lunch and to gauge any improvement in service.
I thought the other yelpers were over exaggerating, but as soon as I put that panini (deliciozo) in my mouth......I could not even describe how good it was..You have to try it for yourself! :D I know it's strange to say, but i could literally taste the love and care that went into the one sandwich. I never knew what people meant by that until I tried this panini
So I've never written a yelp review before, but with just about the poorest quality of service I have ever encountered, Gaia left me no other option. I've heard amazing things about the food, so the first time I tried to go was during lunch while I was working the Saturday of labor day weekend. A coworker and I showed up hoping to get a panini to go. Reasonable desire, right? When we asked the owner who was manning the counter for sandwiches to go, she acted outraged and told us that unless we have a table there's no way we would be able to get food. She told us this as though this was a fact known to everyone and we were buffoons for trying to order food to go at a counter. Anyway, thinking this was a fluke I came back for lunch a second time. This time a very polite, but frazzled man was working the counter and the owner was in the kitchen area. I asked for my food to stay. I was told there would be a wait, and said "cool". I hovered around the place and when a table opened up I sat down like a good little customer. Feeling proud of how well I'd done I sat and waited for my sandwich. I waited 20 minutes, but eventually, seeing that customers who ordered after me were getting their food ahead of me, and feeling like I should be getting back, I very politely asked the man at the counter if I could cancel my order, since I had to run back to work. The owner overheard my request, and started yelling from the kitchen about how "if i wanted fast food i should go somewhere else, and they're not fast food", and then wrapped my sandwich to go. I apologized, hoping she was the one acting like an ape, and not me. i don't know what the take away here is. it was a good sandwich, but if you're selling 5 dollar sandwiches only to those who can afford to take an hour and a half out for a lunch break then you're running a very confusingly classist operation in my view.
Best meal of my life: spinach gnocchi, and the pesto lasagna. The best price of any good meal I've ever had. I literally. Literally. Cried tears of joy and smiled the whole way home. Literally.
After a few more journeys and trying the arugula salad and her amazing roast beef (she made me a delicious sandwich that took me on a trip to italy.  hard to believe I can get such quality ingredients just a couple blocks from my apartment) I've decided to up my rating to a full 5 star. This place cannot be beat!
One of the Best in town...Although it was hard to find, it was worth the long walk... The owner was a sweetheart! She gave us, forgive me I spell it wrong, Palatoni, an Italian dessert that was moist and melts in your mouth. We had arugula w/cherry tomatoes in pesto sauce with Parmesan. Refreshing 10/10 Lasagna w/ricotta and Pesto Sauce 20/10. LOVE IT!!! It came in a bowl filled with a bit of cream-like sauce. I want a whole pot to myself. The potatoes and meatball in tomato sauce came in a bowl as well and was great. The potatoes soaked up the sauce and the dish had a bit of a kick to it. Milanese which consists of chicken cutlet, pesto sauce and tomatoes was refreshing. The bread was toasted and pesto sauce complimented the chicken. Although we had a lot of items with Pesto sauce, their Pesto was light and refreshing, not overwhelmingly heavy...WILL DEFINITELY COME BACK!!!
Gotta go! Old world, freshly made food. The perfect panini for a fin. And all baking done in the back. If you like a relaxed meal with a friendly owner this is your place.
Unbelievably authentic and delicious.  My first 5 star rating in a while gladly goes to Gaia who cooks everything with love. Nothing here tastes processed or fake. Everything is made for you, and Gaia herself, loves to chat with her customers. My first visit featured a delicious, plentiful antipasti served with homemade foccacia, spinach and ricotta gnocchi that were the freshest and tastiest I've ever eaten, and a panini that absolutely celebrated prosciutto, sautéed mushrooms, mozzarella and truffle oil. With a glass of real pear juice to wash it down, I thought things couldn't get better UNTIL... Gaia brought us a special treat: a light creamy coffee dessert that made Starbucks look like Sanka. With reasonable prices, homemade food and an owner who truly loves what she does, how are you NOT here already?
I'm only repeating what everyone else says.. This place is beyond incredible! Prices are ridiculously cheap and food is the highest quality. It's quite unbelievable. Marco, the cashier/server, was so hospitable and kind the first time I went. He also gave some remarkable recommendations. Gaia, in kitchen, knows what she's doing. Just go there and enjoy it! And tip them well!!
This is a place that is worth all the hype around it.  It's pretty hard to find this quality of food in this price range in NYC.  A lot of care goes into the dishes, and you can taste the quality of the food.  You almost wonder why Gaia isn't charging you more for your food.   The owner is also super nice and makes all the food.  When we got there, there was a sudden deluge of customers after we ordered, so our food took a little while, but she was worried that we would get hungry waiting for our food, and gave us an arugula salad w/ tomatoes and pesto to munch on.  Typically, I would never order something like this, but it was so good that I think it would be hard for me to stop myself from ordering it next time.
This is the best establishment in the Lower East Side. And because the sandwiches are so cheap, and Gaia is so nice, and the restaurant is NEVER full, it makes me think that the establishment is a front for something. BUT WHO CARES. This place is a reasonably priced, and delicious, oasis in what is otherwise a generally overpriced neighborhood. The speck, taleggio, and pickled vegetables is not only the best sandwich I've had there, but one of the better sandwiches I've EVER had. And at $5, I have no idea how Gaia does it.
I love this place! Tried a few different panini and all were great.  This is kind of a casual sandwich shop/cafe, so don't expect Il Mulino. The woman at the register and serving needs help but maybe it was her first day - if not, SHE'S FIRED! But that doesn't matter - I'll be back as often as I can!!  A block and a half east of Katz's...
The food is delicious but the operations of the place needs help. Expect to wait long for a table and the wait again for the food. Come during the weekday; it's better. I upgraded to 4 stars since the owner took time to reply to my review. Shows she cares.
We visited Gaia based on Yelp reviews and she didn't disappoint. The atmosphere is casual, homey, and unusually spacious by NYC standards. There was one table open when we arrived. We were hungry, so we split 2 specials (a pizza and a panini) and the Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi. Everything is fresh and prepared to order, so be patient and you'll be rewarded. I can't remember the names of the specials, but the pizza had arugula, mascarpone, and mozzarella and it was delicious. It was the highlight for me. The gnocchi is light and delicate, unlike typical gnocchi. Highly recommended, provided you have a love for spinach. The service was wonderful and the prices are unbelievably low. We will be back.
Gaia Cafe is an amazing little spot that just opened near my block.  Its real-deal Northern Italian food cooked by a great lady who learned home-cooking from her Mama and her Gramma!  The prices are great, the food is even better and the service is mindful and homey.  Its the kind of place that New York needs - come and enjoy the Gnocchi, Lasagna, Mortadella (she also sells imported Italian cold-cuts and cheeses!), great coffee and sweets.   Its a daytime place for the most part but its brand new and maybe she'll stay open later (as she does on Saturdays) as time goes on. PS - Free wifi too :)
I LOVE Gaia Italian Cafe. The food is fantastic. I've eaten my way through the entire menu, you can confidently order anything: Gaia never disappoints. The orders are always made from scratch. I especially like the tegamini, ALL THE TEGAMINIs, they are served in bowls with delicious sauces and home made bread on the side. Heavenly stuff!! The cafe itself is cozy, and the owner is a wonderful woman who is super friendly- she delivers authentic food AND authentic Italian Hospitality. I can't recommend this place enough, hearty and honest food, free wifi, excellent coffee, and a wonderful owner.
Definitely a hidden gem! Everything from the paninis, lasagne, pastries, salads, cappuccinos, etc are all delicious! Favorite Paninis: DELICATO, DELIZIOSO, SANO, MILANESE, & BUBI! I'm sure all the panini's are good, its just that those four are the only ones I've tried so far, and I love all of them! So instead of making a list of favorite paninis, I should just say that you can probably pick any panini, and it'll be YUM! I've also tried: ARUGULA WITH CHERRY TOMATOES IN PESTO SAUCE WITH PARMESAN LASAGNE WITH BOLOGNESE SAUCE, SPINACH AND RICOTTA GNOCCHI CAPPUCCINO CAFE LATTE VARIOUS COOKIES/PARTIES All of which were absolutely delicious! I'm convinced everything on their menu is tasty. I'm sure I'll get around to trying everything. Super bummed that they're closed on Sundays during the winter. Gaia is also very genuine and passionate about what she does-- gotta love that!
I can only give Gaia 5 stars otherwise I would give her 10! I, like a lot of the other reviewers here, truly love this place. From the sandwiches (homemade focaccia) to the salads, to the gnocchi, everything is delicious.  The ingredients are fantastic and this is the basis to every dish.  The food is one thing, but again Gaia herself makes the place.  When we walk in there she greets us by name and we always have a wee chat and catch up.  That's something you can't buy.  I'm only sorry it's a Sunday night and I can't go there right now! p.s. sometimes she even has delicious homemade cakes and desserts, which are the perfect end to a wonderful meal!
