This place is in the downstairs part of my building so it is SUPER convenient. I never have to brave the elements to go hunting for food. All the places here are good but the lines can get long during lunch as everyone from the floors above and the neighboring Towers all rush here to get food. Add to that the hords of tourists that stroll through looking for food or the 9/11 memorial. Seating is good and there is always a place to sit with colleagues to share a meal. I'ma big fan......... especially with Winter Coming.....
Food court heaven. This place is awesome. You feel like Umami burger, but your co-eaters don't? Forget them! J/k. Now's the solution: go to the 20 other different options. There are plenty of places to sit. During the warmer months, you can take your food out and watch a free outdoor movie or listen to whatever band's scheduled. I've never been during lunch time, but my guess is it's pretty crowded. Dinner time is all yours. Barely a (if any) wait everywhere.
4 stars for the venue: it is the most beautiful, classy looking food court I've ever seen! It's very spacious and has a lot of open space, so it doesn't feel stuffy or loud even when it's crowded. There are plenty of tables as well, and those by the windows have amazing views of the Hudson River. As for the food, there is a wide variety of options available: sandwich (numpang, tartine), pizza (skinny pizza), southern food (mighty quinn's), sushi (blue ribbon), desserts (sprinkles cupcakes), etc. The place is still in the process of expanding, so I hope to see many more awesome stores in the future. And now for the specific items I tried out today: I got the briskets and pomme frites from Mighty Quinn's. I saw the same place the time I visited Smorgasburg and it had a massive line, so I thought I would try it out this time. The briskets were good, but not anything out of this world. Same with the pomme frites: not bad, but nothing special. Overall, I didn't think it was really worth $13. My friend got the margherita pizza from Skinny Pizza, which he thought was just okay. While we were rather unlucky with the food selections today, I would definitely like to come back and try out other items in the future. In sum, definitely stop by if you are around the area, grab a table by the windows and enjoy the amazing view & great selection of food!
My favorite food court in New York City!! Space is huge, and one of the cleanest food court I have ever been to. However, do be aware that the food is not cheap, they curated a bunch of higher end chains and you might end up spending $13-15 average on a meal. Saw a couple of spill accidents happening, but the staff addressed it very quickly! Blue Ribbon Sushi - fresh sushi definitely, and love the poke bowls. Could use a bit more seasoning, but really love the concept. Umami Burger - The burger DID NOT DISAPPOINT! One of the most hyped up burger and I can see why. I ordered the original, and every bite was packed with flavor. Need to try the other ones Mighty Quinn - Solid brisket without all the wait you would find in their other locations. If you get a lb, make sure you share, otherwise you will be in a food coma... Num Pang - Unique sandwiches, haven't try enough sandwiches to give it a rating. Sprinkles - Who can resist a yummy cupcake for dessert
This place is basically an upscale food court.  With choices like Num Pang (bahn mi), Blue Ribbon (sushi), etc. it really is an ideal spot for large groups where everybody has a different favorite or different dietary restrictions.  I had the bahn mi when I went Pork Belly was a great choice, as it was one of the best bahn mi sandwiches I've ever had.  The bread was light, not thick like most bahn mi, and their half and half which is pre-bottled was tasty but not too sugary.
WOW, what an amazing, clean and huge food court! I never thought I'd say I wish I worked on the west side (far from civilization as we know it and public transportation), but yes this food court definitely makes me think twice! In summer 2011, I heard that the World Financial Center (WFC) would be renovated to make room for a huge food court, but this upscale looking spot has more than exceeded my expectations in the 3 years since that announcement. There used to only be a few options at the WFC to eat at, but now the food court consists of so many of NYC's favorites.  There's a little something for everyone --- Mighty Quinn's barbeque, Num Pang's Viet sandwiches, Chop't salads, Dos Toros tacos & burritos, Skinny Pizza, Umami Burger, Blue Ribbon Sushi, Dig Inn's marketplace style food servings --- just to name a few! Getting to the food court is relatively easy. It's located on the 2nd floor above the Winter Garden. The escalator to the right of the Winter Garden seating area leads directly up to the food court. If you take the escalator to the left, you'll have to walk thru the construction filled half of the 2nd floor around to the food court. When I first walked into the food court, I immediately noticed the enormity of it and the cave like feel to it. Once I got past that observation, I noticed the clean sleek white walls, the marble floor, marble tops for communal tables, sleek finish individual wooden tables and chairs and PLENTY of spacing and seating. I loved that there were communal bar tables and stools for those just looking to grab a quick bite and then go. The first time I came here, I arrived at about 11:30am on a weekday. There was only moderate traffic in here, barely any lines for food and an abundance of seating available. By about 12pm, the hoards of hungry workers in the surrounding area mixed with the curious tourists began to pack the food court. I was actually surprised at just how many tourists were actually inside, which made me wonder had this already become a tourist trap? Anyhow, lines started to grow and seats became a commodity by 12pm. I only bought my food and then left to eat back at my office, but when I left, the food court was run amok with people and I could easily envision all the seating getting occupied by 12:25ish. Still, the food court is a GREAT addition to the area since the west side is so far away from everything else in downtown. The prices are definitely a bit steep at all the eatery outlets so it's very easy to get carried away with your food spending. Be prepared to spend anywhere from $9-$13 on the average meal here.
It is to be expected that a place in this locale would be touristy, and indeed it is. However, the vendors here put other food courts to shame. Can't make it to Smorgasburg? Want to try some of the most popular businesses in the city, in one place? Hudson Eats might be the choice for you. Num Pang, Black Seed, Mighty Quinn, and Dos Toros are all here, churning out the same quality product you get at their other locations. There is plenty of seating, whether at a booth, table, or high-top, and it is all super clean. Unlike a traditional mall food court, this is a bit more high end, but not unaffordable. I'm a fan despite the slack-jawed clientele, simply because I can get a bagel, some brisket, a cupcake, and a hoisin meatball sandwich without having to travel to four separate brick-and-mortar joints. Viva good eats and gluttony.
Sooo, here's the deal. It's a collection of some of the best food vendors but it's in a company food court. If you work here, it's a tremendous boon. If you are visiting, you will learn to question your wants when you see there's no line for the Umami Burger, Might Quinn's, and Blue Ribbon Sushi. Stripped of hype, what's the difference? Good taste is something, but sitting in a food court creates a sterile environment. I'd much rather go to Smorgasburg or the original locations for all of these businesses, but if we are just talking mall food courts, this is hopefully the future. I can't be too upset.
I can't believe this place really exists... I can't believe I was having a skinny pizza with my Umami truffle burger.. hahaha. This place is awesome!!!!! I've been working in the financial district for the last 3 years and I had no idea this food court was here! I literally just found out about this last week. Umami Burger, Blue RIbbon Sushi, Skinny Pizza, Num Pang, Mighty Quinn's, etc... whattttttttttttttttt.. not to mention the super chic, super clean food court. You can dine outside too along the Hudson with a great view of the city. I wish I never found out about this place... lunch is gonna hurt my wallet. I shall be reviewing these restaurants separately.. but as for Hudson Eats At Brookfield Place... 5 Stars!
Everyone told me living near FiDi/Battery Park would mean foregoing good (non-chain) eats, but Hudson Eats makes it more bearable. You're immediately greeted with Sprinkles. Then there's Num Pang (delicious Cambodian sandwiches), Umami Burger (delicious burgers), Mighty Quinn (delicious BBQ), and many more places that you'd have to trek all over Manhattan and wait in line for. It's super convenient to have all these yummy restaurants in one concentrated place. Blue Ribbon Sushi is coming, too! The food court itself is super clean and spacious, albeit a little tricky to find (just take the escalator to the 2nd floor and follow the arrows), and overlooks the pier. It's great to have this place just 10-15 minutes away from my apartment whenever I'm hungry and don't want another kale salad from Just Salad.
I love that several of my favorite unpretentious upscale eateries are now conveniently in one location!  Some of my faves: Dos Toros, Num Pang, Dig Inn and Skinny Pizza.   Some nights it can sound a bit hectic especially if there are families with young ones but most of the times I have been there it has been pretty peaceful.  Love sitting by the windows and looking out at the water.  Brookfield Place has become my go-to quiet and quick dinner one or two nights during the week!
This is the greatest food court I've ever been to in North America. The food selections are from small restaurants and the food I got to sample from everyone in my group was bar none. I settled for the BBQ joint and it was way beyond expectations.
Pros: Up-scale selection of wonderful foods. Dig Inn, Chop'ed, Umami burger, Blue Ribbon sushi. Great decor, spacious, and a good view of the water. Cons: Not your usual food court so don't expect any comfort stables of food courts like mcdonalds or something. This here is for the high class folks and what nots. Bottomline: A wonderful up scale food court with a wonderful selection
Dig Inn is the best thing to come to Battery Park City in a long time. The food is terrific, the variety is superb, & the staff is unbelievably helpful, especially Ariana who is the Furst person to get be interested in Dig Inn. I take out food from there at least three times a week. Thanks so much!
Large clean foodcourt space with a variety of great vendors like mighty quinns, numpang, umami burger, dos toros plus desserts. It has a great view inside or you can always find seating right outside next to the hudson waters. Awesome place to see sunset and get some peace or catch up with friends.
The best food court probably in America. Brand new. Everything is clean. The restaurant choices are insane. Tons of seating. The staff at all the different spots are helpful. The food is delicious. When Blue Ribbon Sushi finally opens, this place will be bananas.
Simply the best food court I've ever been to. Huge potential. Num Pang, Black seed Bagels, umami, dos toros, blue ribbon, digg inn, tartinery Best of the best all in one, luxurious, modern, spacious location with the waterfront view overlooking the hudson river We need more of these in nyc. Hope this place becomes enormously successful and spreads all over manhattan Not too popular yet as there's nothing else to do around here and Brookfield is still under construction. Plus it's hard to get to, so I wouldn't say it's worth the visit. Come when construction is over
Around one year ago, New York rolled out it's version of the red carpet (meaning legions of hungry and fanatical fans) for the first Umami Burger.  Two hour waits and  adoring fans of the truffle burger ensued. I met a friend here for dinner a few weeks ago, there was zero wait and my burger came out perfectly cooked ten minutes later. Moral of the story? I'd say patience, but I have definitely waited more than two hours for a burger.  So...there is none...except for get over here as fast as you can as there are no lines during dinner time, just juicy succulent burgers and amazingly fried onion rings.  Skip the truffle fries, their stringy fries taste like undercooked Mickey D fries and can't hold up against the truffle sauce. Might Quinns is also fantastic and probably one of the few places worth going to.  Dig Inn, Num Pang, Dos Toros, etc. are all excellent but they are all over Manhattan and not worth the extra wait during lunch or a special trip during dinner (opportunity cost, my friend).  Lunch is a madhouse, but the restaurants are all incredibly efficient and the lines move surprisingly quickly. Dinner is much better, it's very quiet and you get your pick of seating (choose a table by the window, the view is amazing). I typically hate the idea of the upscale food court (Gotham West), but Hudson Eats was a pleasant surprise.  Though to be honest, it's probably mainly because of the Truffle Burger, cause I mean, duh.
One of the best food courts around. While working in this building for a few year, the food choices went from ok, to sucky, to non existent, and then finally the light at the end of the tunnel turned out to be every delicious food choice I can dream of for breakfast, lunch and snacking. While the prices at all the spots here are generally higher then at their sister locations elsewhere, the rent in this building I assume is way higher then at the other locations, so all is forgiven and understandable. The seating here is amazing, clean and great views of the water. Since I can't sit for lunch ever, I make it out on weekends sometimes just to take it all in, and its worth it.
I had the opportunity to check out this place before heading over to Governor's Island for a concert. Overall, I'm very impressed with the selection of vendors and the overall cleanliness and quality of the space. The décor definitely screams "UPSCALE!" due to the marble tables and faux-mahogany tables that are strewn about with lots of space. The staff does a great job keeping everything from the tables to the leather seats clean when patrons leave. The selection of food is great, with strong selections from Umami Burger, Black Seed Bagels, and Dos Toros Tacos making an appearance. The large, expansive windows provide a great view of the water, and there's an outdoor seating area if you are so inclined to make use of it. The prices are fair for Manhattan (but if you want to eat a lot it will definitely add up quickly!), and the tacos especially are a great value! Definitely check this place out if you want a good sampling of these great restaurants.
The savior for Battery Park City workers and residents has finally arrived. We are no longer forced to pick among just Harry's, Wei West and El Vez for lunchtime outings (Shake Shack's gotten kind of boring too, especially now that the good fries are gone). Now we suddenly have too many good options: bagels from Black Seed for something smaller and lighter, the excellent barbecue from Mighty Quinn's for something more substantial, or the rich food from Umami Burger for something to send us back to work in a massive food coma (people are still anxiously milling around Umami as it is the one latecomer that still has yet to open). Those are a few of the best vendors, but there are so many other great options too. I still need to try Little Muenster and perhaps the expanding Skinny Pizza chain. Dos Toros and Num Pang are always good options too, and Chop't and Dig Inn are better choices if you want something lighter (and hopefully Blue Ribbon Sushi will open in the near future). The only dedicated place for sweets is Sprinkles, so at least no more of the same old cakes from Whole Foods for office parties, but we could really use some other dessert options here. With so many great savory places, the ratio is way off. A branch of one of the several great new ice cream places opening up around the city would be perfect. There are also suddenly tons of great options for coffee - Olives and Black Seed both serve Stumptown and Tartinery carries Blue Bottle. It is definitely a mob scene at lunchtime, but lines move surprisingly quickly. Mighty Quinn's had a massive line like it always does at Smorgasburg, but it only took about 15 minutes from the wait until we had our food. Often foregoing the subpar lunch options around here to eat something quick at my desk, this will be a major problem for my health and wallet.
What a great destination! After visiting the WTC Memorial and Museum with my parents, we tried this upscale food court for a laid-back dinner. They are in their 70s and careful with their diet (no fast food) so I was really happy to find plenty of healthy options here. From Num Pang, got Pork Belly sandwich, Lemonade Gingerade, Blood Orange Gingerade. From Digg Inn Seasonal Market, got Grilled Salmon and Kale Apple Salad. Everything was delicious and my parents were very impressed. Brookfield Place is still under renovation so the food court was difficult to find and was not crowded. Most of the customers work in building or live nearby, but this food court is worth visiting on weekend or evenings (they are open til 9pm). It is modern, airy and spacious -- and a great place to catch the sunset! I will definitely be coming back!
Hudson Eats is a beautiful place to sit down & eat. With that said, you should make plans to bring your own food and sit in any of the booths with window views of hudson river. The Food choices at Hudson Eats has variety but will set you back at least $12 per person, before drinks. My favorites are Dig Inn, Chopt and Dos Toros. It can get overwhelming during the workweek at lunchtime but if you look closely, its mostly people scanning the menus not waiting to order. You can pretty much get on any line and receive your food within 5 minutes or less.
At long last, Hudson Eats is finally up and running. First: A little background. I started working at Brookfield Place (f/k/a World Financial Center) exactly two years ago. Even then, much of the building was under construction and as time went on, store by store shut down in preparation for the renovation. For far too many months, the dining options consisted of only Financier Patisserie, Devon and Blakely, and the dreaded corporate cafeteria. But, at long last, and not without a few delays, Hudson Eats opened in the first weekend of June. Layout-wise, it resembles an upscale food court, similar to the likes of Gotham West Market. Each restaurant/shop has its own area and visitors and customers are free to wander between them. There's a good amount of communal seating available as well, but it's probably not the best place to hold a business meeting. While the full line up of vendors has yet to open (one more day!), most were open for service a day in advance; Dig Inn Seasonal Market, Mighty Quinn's, Skinny Pizza, Dos Toros, Tartinery, Sprinkles Cupcakes, Chopt, and Num Pang appear prepared to serve the public. The options and variety of cuisines available are pretty impressive, encompassing salads, barbeque, pizza, Mexican, and even Cambodian sandwiches. Lines during lunch the first day were pretty lengthy, but I imagine with a little more time, it won't require a solid 20-30 minutes to order and recieve food. Time will tell if Hudson Eats can live up to the pent-up hype as well as the sizable crowds that are sure to form - but it's a promising start.
Plenty of choices for eating here. Sprinkles is one of my favorites. My son loved Skinny Pizza, and Mighty Quinn delighted me with ketchup without the high fructose corn syrup, and most of the restaurants carry the best sodas like Boylans which uses cane sugar instead of that other crap. This place has a massive seating area. Went on a Friday at 6:30 p.m. for family time but it got loud and cranky real quickly. Sit in the comfortable booths by the windows for beautiful views of the Hudson and bring your laptop to enjoy 30 minutes (it's limited) of internet. After that you get kicked off. But this place is for eating, not surfing...so live with it.
It is a long time coming. So happy that they have totally revamped the food court at the World Financial District. The food choices were meh for so many years... Now, Hudson eats is bright, spacious, and full of great and in some cases healthy, choices. Great variety and great vibe to liven this area. I think the hours are till 9pm so great options for lunch and dinner. I am hoping most places will deliver.
Impressive "food court".   Not gourmet, but high-end high-quality fast food choices all within 100 yards of each other in one single open seating area.   For someone like myself, on business travel to the area, who can't decide where to eat amongst all of the great choices near my hotel in the Financial District (and where to remain within per diem guidance, as many restaurants in this specific area are quite pricy), it's like an awesome buffet where you can sample 3-4 of these restaurants and pick something interesting from each preferred vendor to make one single great meal. Highly recommended.
I love this place! I always like food court system in Asian and happy to find find this one in downtown. The place looks so fancy, yet all the food are so reasonably priced. I tried the pork salad at 'Dos Toros' when I went there the first time. It was sooo yummy! I had to have it again when I went there again last Sunday. But I do want to try other food there as well. Everything looks good! It's kind of unbelievable to have good and cheap food in such nice environment. BTW, there was fancy car show when we went there last Sunday, made it even more pleasant experience.
A very welcome addition to Brookfield Place. I've been eating here almost everyday since it opened and all the offerings are "robust", as noted by my manager (pardon the corporate speak). My favorite is Mighty Quinn's, but I'll likely save MQ's for Fridays when I can kinda take it easier for lunch. They have all the same menu items and prices as the East Village location, and that brisket is just as good, Also, the fact that I can get it EVERYDAY for lunch is terrifying. (Don't forget, there's also an Equinox gym opening at Brookfield Place soon. Suspicious, isn't it? Ha.) Dig Inn comes in at a close second for me, mostly because they have a bit more variety than just smoked meats. It always feels like you're eating healthier at Dig Inn, and all the vegetables and sides are very creative and satisfying. I tried the mac and cheese with butternut squash and it was delicious and creamy. Maybe that's not so much on the healthy side, but definitely well done. Num Pang is the best for if you're just looking for a high quality sandwich, and Dos Toros is basically like Chipotle (not necessarily a bad thing). Also, I will say the lines at Dos Toros tend to move very quickly, because the line servers work like a well-oiled machine. Umami Burger obviously warrants a look all the way in the back of the food court, but beware of the nap you're almost guaranteed to take at your desk afterwards. During opening week, there was a huge crowd coming in for the new lunch options, but it seems to be tapering off in this second week. My thought is that it won't always be as crowded as the opening week, but to be safe, I think the best times to avoid lines is 11:20 am, and at 1 pm. Overall, I actually wouldn't be too intimidated by the lines, because while you might wait 5-10 minutes longer, the quality of food is just so much better than the corporate cafeteria. So maybe order ahead on Seamless or skip Hudson Eats entirely if you're in a big rush. Pricing-wise, you can get a good meal for about $9-10, a little more if you get a beverage, which isn't cheap, but remember that you're paying for the convenience and the quality. I'm very happy with this opening and looking forward to Blue Ribbon Sushi opening and hitting up Sprinkles last minute when I forget to get co-workers a birthday present. (Yeah, that already happened.)
To all the people working in the World Financial Center or near this building...you lucky bastards, you. Finally opened and I'm in love. It's a food-court/cafeteria-like area elevated to marble-tables, sleek black trays, fancy typography level. Everything is pleasing to the eye.... -and the stomach? The stomach likes. So many choices- Umami Burger, Dig Inn, Mighty Quinns, Sprinkles cupcakes, Num pang sandwiches, ugh... where to begin? Most have opened but some will be opening later on in the week (Umami's looking to open Wednesday or Thursday....I know, I was the chump who went today thinking it had already opened). Most of the places also offer bottled beer and beer on tap. The people who dine here are mostly corporate types- people who work close-by and their friends/families who come to "visit" (but more likely was baited by the food...ahem: me.) Prices hit in the teens... everything looks gorgeous, delicious, and healthy. Even the unhealthy stuff looks healthy (Hi Sprinkles!). Come with empty stomachs and full wallets and let the fun begin!
This and the Plaza Food Court are my favorite food mall in NYC. Whether you are a vegetarian, carnivore or seafood sushi buff, you will find it here (Blue Ribbon Sushi is still coming). There's also Mexican food, the thinnest pizza and Vietnamese-Cambodian style sandwiches called Bahn - mi at Num Pang. There's BBQ and Mexican food as well as salads from Chopt. The space has white tiles and clean look with marble counter tables and nice wooden stools. If you want to sit by the window facing NJ and the Hudson River, you should if you find a free spot. Good food with a view at affordable prices.  I think this will be very successful.  I've been to most of the local restaurants in this food mall but have not had Skinny Pizza and Mighty Quinn's  brisket. Today, I am happy to have tried it! If this was a Miss Universe contest - it's a winner!
Yay to a new and nice lookin' food court!  This place has little muenster for yummy grilled cheese sandwiches, num pang with their awesome banh mi, the umami burger, sprinkles, skinny pizza (isn't that contradictory?), dos toros, chop't, etc. There's plenty of seating throughout this place and it's super clean!  It's also at a good location and on the second floor, fyi!
Great ambience the pizza was phenomenal, the brisket was excellent very tender. And they also offered Boylan Cream Soda made from pure cane sugar from a fountain, extraordinary. I will definitely return here.
I like the competition that just opened up in the area.  Hopefully, it will make all the food places in the area keener to tap into the finance type lunch crowd, the locals in the area, and the over abundance of tourists in the area.  I also saw some high school kids from possibly Stuyvesant here. Black Seed Bagels will cut into Pick-A-Bagels business, Skinny pizza will cut into Harry's business, Dos Toros will cut into Chipotle and El Vez's business, Umami will cut into Shake Shack's business, Mighty Quinn's BBQ will cut into Blue Smoke's business, Chop Salad will cut into Beans and Greens business and there additional gourmet sandwich and Asian good options now.  Nearly everything has a counterpart already in the area.  I also noticed a couple of the old food trucks parked further away from Brookfield Place.  They aren't gone, but they had to move. As a whole the food is decent and for those interested in spending $13-25 for lunch depending on what you opt for.  Though I do hope Hudson Eats knows they are also competing with all the work buildings in the area with nice cafeterias that are subsidized for their workers and about half the price of Hudson Eats (and don't require leaving the building).  And there is a Whole Foods with more healthy food options right across the street.  And with time, those options in the food court that don't do well will be replaced with better options.  And of course this means lines will be shorter everywhere and you can get food during those in-between times when your work cafeteria closes. So I am thrilled with the added food options and the competition it brings.  Oh, and the beautiful views of the Hudson from the seating area were kinda nice too.
Lori beat me as first to review! Argh. Will have to send her a little note on her great review after this. :) The long awaited Hudson Eats is beautiful.  The views of the marina and harbor are amazing.  The food court is bright, shiny, new and gorgeous. There is a lot of open seating and it looks like people are treating the larger tables as communal tables, which is good. The wealth of choices is impressive.  Burgers, salads, vietanamese sandwiches, tacos, barbecue, and more!  (I wonder how well Sprinkles will do however - how often will people buy cupcakes?) Thank goodness we (those of us who work in the WFC - sorry, still can't call it Brookfield Place) are so thankful we have other otpions besides Devon and Blakely and the Amex caf.   Woooo!!! Yay Hudson Eats!
Upscale food court, perfect for date nights. Enjoy a delicious dinner (about $40 for 2 Unami burgers & 2 sides) and spacious indoor seating area where patrons can enjoy their food while  staring at the sinking golden sun over the Hudson. I'm looking forward to my next visit! :D
Fantastic concept - a high end food court with some of the best options in NYC under one roof + an amazing park + bike path + riverfront area right outside. Bright, modern space. Not crowded. About time. Take the ferry in.
The views it offers and the food oasis it represents are this upscale food court's saving graces. The second foor was shockingly very dead on one of its first Fridays, a testament to the fickle population of the area. Some shops are coming soon, so I'm sure I'll be back, but for now I certainly still prefer the selection and convenience of competitors/predecessors, but it certainly serves a purpose.
The cafeteria in my office is dead to me ever since I discovered this place. Between Umami Burger, Mighty Quinn's, Num Pang, Dos Toros and now, Blue Ribbon Sushi, this place has blown my food budget! (It's okay, retirement savings are overrated anyway). There is really nothing here that isn't amazing.
I order to go today at the Tartinery, We took the fish soup, the artichoke hearts salad, the foie gras and the fig & blue cheese with country bread, and the corazon tea from bellocq... It was just fantastic !!!... And I came back for two other corazon later !!
This is the nicest food court I have ever seen and the food selection is so good. Num paang makes a great banhi mi, the truffle burger at umami burger, and sushi at blue ribbon! The list goes on and I can't wait to go back
This place is outstanding. Mexican, pizza, burgers, sandwiches, cupcakes, etc. Come here with colleagues and everyone can be happy. Excellent food, fair prices. I recommend for a great lunch.
This is quickly becoming my favorite food court. After a failed attempt at coming here on a day of its rumored opening and going home disappointed, after a few weeks of anticipation they finally opened. There is still a lot of scaffolding and you have to enter through a temporary entrance on Vesey street but do not let it deter you. It is located inside Brookfield place formerly the World Financial Center.  The vendors are just as good as if you were going to a special outdoor food festival but instead you can eat in the air conditioned splendor under the palm trees of the winter garden or out by the waterfront near battery park. So many good choices from the tasty barbecue of Mighty Quinns and tacos from Dos Toros. Or you can get a burger to go from umami burger, a special banh mi sandwich from Num Pang sandwich shop, or a slice from Skinny Pizza. If you are feeling in between you can get a lobster grilled cheese from Little Muenster and a bevy of other items from Digg Inn seasonal market, Olive's and Chop't. There are some good breakfasty options like lox cream cheese and bagels from Black Seed or a croissant or coffee from Tartinery. And for those who crave dessert before a meal like me you can hit up Sprinkles cupcake.  Once Blue Ribbon opens there will also be a spot for sushi lovers too. Its kind of on the other side of town but can be accessible by the M22 bus last stop or the connect van which stops in front. This food court is definitely a great place for lunching and munching. It is a nice spot to stop in after sightseeing and be able to sample a bunch of great eateries in one place.
Excellent choice for lunch. Great and lively atmosphere with an excellent array of food options. I had the custom Skinny Pizza and the family had great sandwiches. Great views of the Hudson River and good crowd from the world financial center.
Fantastic place that just opened in the financial center. Lots of food choices. Wonderful water views. Great seating area and good for groups. Open 7-days a week. Been waiting for this for a long time in BPC. What's not to like!
Many great choices ranging from southern ribs, mexican, pizza, umami burgers, japanese and more.  Great prices too.  Sit anywhere - scenic view of the Hudson, best views during sunset.  My kids love this place - great many places to choose from and casual dining.
