La Goulette is wonderful. They have amazing food that is cooked up by two brothers from Tunisia who want you to enjoy it. The baba ghanoush is the best I've ever had. Their smoothies are awesome (banana-date), and everything else I've tried on the menu is straight-up delicious (tabouleh, merguez both memorable). I've already been twice. I could go on but you should just go and see for yourself. The prices are also spot-on.
Delicious green falafel. Crispy, colorful veggies (perfect for dead-of-winter-doldrums). So close to home. Cute environment. Great prices. Will definitely try the other dishes! Sweet people (met the mother/chef!).
This place is great. Two brothers making traditional Tunisian food with passion and care. Hummus, pita, grilled chicken and salads are all amazing! Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
Fantastic all around. Clean, fresh food. Shwarma and Falafel are both very good. The owner is very passionate about his food and it shows in the taste and presentation.
Didn't even know that I wanted felafel until I checked it out. The salads were fresh and the felafel was divine.  Try one of the fresh juice combinations too. My carrot-beet-ginger-lemon juice was perfect with the felafel. Also, you can feel the owners' love  & pride in what he's doing.
Really high quality Mediterranean place run by a couple of brothers. You won't be disappointed by anything on the menu, but make sure you get some baba ganush or hummus with their toasted pita bread. Effing delicious.
Gave these guys a second chance and so glad I did. Food arrived fresh hot and fast. Spinach and avocado salad creamy and delicious. Don't forget to order extra pita
did i eat at the same place everyone else did?? i got the veggie plate delivered from them and have 3 complaints: it came with NO pita (luckily i had some at home), the hummus' taste was good but so dry it seemed like it had been sitting out all day, and the falafel were so rock hard they were difficult to cut open with my fork. i might give them another try, but won't be running back.
Kariem and Millie are extremely kind, gracious, and passionate hosts at this authentic-as-it-gets Tunisian /Mediterranean eatery. Incredibly fresh hommous, BabaGanoush, home made Tunisian crouton bread, and the star of the show: world-class falafel made fresh and with a traditional recipe. Cosy interiors and warm service on top of the simple, homey cuisine make this place worth the trip over to Williamsburg for if you're from another part of town, and a regular haunt for anyone living in the neighborhood.
La Goulette feels like great and authentic Tunisian food prepared by people who really care about quality and authenticity. I have been a few times since they opened a few weeks back and all food I have tried has been great in flavor. I noticed a lot of people keep coming back (as will I).
I've eaten middle eastern everywhere in the world. This is legit. Everything here is good
Took a chance on this little place last weekend to get food for a dinner party. Wow what a wonderful surprise this place was! Ordered just about everything on the menu and we loved it all. The hummus and merguez were particularly amazing. On top of that the owners were just so super nice, crediting their mom for the various recipes and insisting I try the hummus right on the spot. They claim great hummus is a sign of everything else being great. Think they are right!
As someone who lives in the neighborhood, and works on Grand St, I was very excited for a new restaurant. From the exterior, it is very nicely set up and decorated. The food looks good. But the service is TERRIBLE. Not only did it take almost over 20 minutes for two vegetable to-go plates, but the man working asked my friend and I if the reason why we go the veggie plate was for weight watchers. I was horrified. This is disgusting and not a way to start a business.
I've lived in the neighborhood for 4 years and this is by  far the best Mediterranean restaurant around.  People are also extremely nice and welcoming..
A much needed addition to the neighborhood. Delicious, fresh food with interesting flavor notes. Variety of choices for salads, always a plus for me!! Perfect lunch spot! MUST GO!
La Goulette is the best addition to Grand St! The food is fresh, healthy, and every dish I've had, I think I've tried everything on the menu, is incredible. Can't go wrong. The owners/brothers, Karim and Anise, make it an experience - they're friendly, helpful, and passionate about their food. Only issue is, I can't stop eating here.
awesome falafel.
La Goulette is a casual yet exotic experience that's a welcome addition to the Grand Street corridor separating Northside and Southside, Williamsburg. Not at all pretentious or off-putting, La Goulette is warm and welcoming.  Order at the front and take a seat if you're certain. If not, patrons are enthusiastically encouraged to taste. The passionate music, fine indigenous ceramics, and photos of doors from in and around La Goulette, Tunisia brought me to North Africa far, far away. I ordered a couscous plate with sausage and salad followed by mint tea and a pastry desert. I never felt rushed - hey, I was on Tunisia time! The service was friendly and fast and the meal homemade authentic. A note about the couscous: the recipe is genuinely Tunisian (not instant!); mixed with sauce and made with motherly love. Authentic couscous is an unexpected surprise as it's a laborious time consuming process to make.
Friendly staff, great food, close to the L stop. What more can you ask for? Seems family-owned. They have my favorite combination of mediterranean food: rice, chicken shawarma and babaghanoush. AND they serve shawarma on TOP of the babaghanoush.  Mind blown. Falafel is decent - super hot out of the kitchen and very crispy. We also got the special fries - pretty good, kinda expensive to me for what you get. Portions are huge if you get the platter. I'll probably get that next time and get babaghanoush on the side. Lots of seating space. Clean bathroom.
Wonderful place to eat away from the hustle and bustle of Bedford Ave.  The place looks family-owned with an open kitchen and big seating spaces. We ordered the Mixed Grill plate to share between two people as well as Tunisian Hand Cut Fries, just in case the plate wasn't enough.  The mixed grill plate is definitely shareable between two people or if one person has a big appetite.  It has sausage, lamb, chicken, salad, rice, the whole works!   Good food, good price, good location, nice people.  No complaints.
It seems like they might be sensitive about how long their food prep takes, but this place is so much better than every other Middle Eastern option in the neighborhood... Everything from the falafel to the fatoush salad to the hummus to the french fries to the juice is great--this is really a fail-safe place to frequent if you live or work nearby.
I love this place. The owner made me his favorite salad and it was great! The only problem is when I order I don't know what to ask for! Good thing everything is delicious and fresh.
They should franchise and have 1 location in every borough.  The Chicken Shawarma is absolutely amazingly delicious. Very scrumptious!!! And the Falafal too. Large and fried to perfection for a nice crispy outside and soft fluffy inside. Love that they put Hummus and Tahiti in pita. The red cabbage adds extra flavor and crunchiness.  I substituted Taboulli for the LTO in Shawarma.  Their spicy red sauce is bursting with flavor and intensity.  Just hot enough that it does not last forever nor make you sweat bullets.  Tunisian style med pitas, entrees and desserts with a little hint of French culinary flair.  Food is fresh and hot.  They have a self serve water urn on the shelf.  The ambience is lovely bright and relaxing.  The tables are beautiful solid wood raw cut wood with a light stain and varnish.  Cool Mediterranean decor and artwork is priceless.  Great prices $16 for 3 pitas.
Very good to excellent dishes - Salade de Crabe was excellent, Salade Provencale was tasty and large. The Arctic Char and the Mustard Crusted Monfish were both superior dishes. For Dessert the Coupe de Pommes was wonderful while the ice cream selections were thoroughly enjoyable. Good service and agreeable wines were part of the picture. The only serious problem that the restaurant has in the winter time is the cold air infiltration at the front of the room. Not an easy problem to solve.
Great place. Friendly and efficient counter service. Casual yet appealing setting. Delicious food made with superior ingredients. Large portions. Awesome.
Update to my review: we've since been back and they've switched to some more traditional music, which gives the place an authentic, relaxed feel. Food?  Still hitting it out of the park!
This is not a fancy dinner place. If your looking for lunch or a dinner on your way home from work, this place is excellent. I think I got the veggie sampler which was both beautiful looking and equally delicious. I had a smoothie which was good as well.
We had the shalafel sandwich, chicken shawarma, and baklava.  The two mains were very delicious and full of flavor.  It looked like the sandwich was going to be difficult to eat and I was worried I'd end up spilling it all over myself but it was much easier to eat than it looked.  The baklava, on the other hand, wasn't really very flaky.  Flavor was good, however. The cashier was also super cool.  We came in when there was a small rush of customers and he was super polite about making me wait as he took care of 2-3 orders at the same time. I'd definitely come back and try more of their menu!
Found this little place because we wanted something quick & cheap - and I will definitely be coming back for more!  We both ordered pita sandwiches - the chicken shawarma ($7) and falafel ($4).  They were both stuffed with chicken/falafel and veggies, and it was probably one of the best I've had in months.  We chatted with the owner on the way out and he gave us some babaghanoush and hummus to try.  I live near the Kabob Shack, but will be waking the extra 10 minutes to come and eat here when I'm craving their food (it seems a little bit more healthy than Kabob Shack).
This is my first Yelp review ever because the kindness of the people at La Goulette cannot go unwritten about. I just went in to get takeout for dinner (I'd been there before and had a freaking AWESOME merguez sandwich, so I decide to go back). I ask the middle-aged woman at the counter 17 questions because I don't know what I want, and she is all smiles and helpful answers. I decide on a salad after pondering the babaghanoush. She asks if I want a side of it because it's apparently super delicious. I say no, it will be too much food with the salad (but also because I didn't want to pay 4 more dollars). I pay and sit to wait for my salad to take home. Suddenly, I hear her calling my name (which she has learned form seeing my credit card and is miraculously pronouncing correctly). She has made the cutest little dish of babaghanoush and pita chips for me to try while I wait. Seriously, it was the sweetest thing ever. I'm smiling, and saying, "Oh my goodness, thank you!" The dude at the counter is smiling, saying "It's really good, right?" (Which it is. Smoky, eggplanty, creamy goodness). It is basically an all-around babaghanoush love fest. They have my salad ready, and the dude asks if he's put enough hot sauce on my salad. I ask for a bit more because I like things spicy (such awesome customer service). My salad (which I am now eating, and it is fresh and yummy) is waiting in a bag on the counter, and the woman tells me to take my time with my delicious babaghanoush sample. So I do. Basically, this story illustrates the lovely family-run feel of La Goulette. Put with their delicious Mediterranean/North African food (frankly way better/less greasy than other places serving pita sandwiches and the like), it is among my favorite low-key takeout options in Williamsburg. LA GOULETTE, JE T'ADORE!!!
BF got the chicken schwarma plate which was a rather nice collection of chicken, rice and salad. The portion was decent but it was slightly small for $10. or maybe i was just really hungry that night. That was actually the bf's dish and I liked it. I got the Babaganoush over Chicken Shawarma $9, but it really should be chicken over babaganoush. With this dish, you get 4 quarters of pita bread which IMHO was too little for the dish. I needed more pita bread to use up the babaganoush. The chicken was also a bit dry. I hate dry chicken breast meat :( We also got the mint tea but we failed to realize that it was only served hot. We tried to ask for some ice cubes to cool it down since we were in a rush to see a show nearby (Streb) and we were told the ice cubes would dilute it too much and that's not how it is served traditionally. I think they just didn't have ice cubes. It was very fresh and had lots of mint leaves in the teapot though. It was good but just not good for a hot summer day. Probably won't go back but everything felt fresh and there was quite a crowd for take out.
I have a problem:* I want to cut down on my meat intake for various reasons, but...meat is delicious. So when I walk into a new Mediterranean joint, I feel like I should get the falafel...but really I want the shawarma. La Goulette has anticipated this dilemma, and as a result, slapped the Shalafel on their menu. It's exactly what you think it is. This pita full of basically everything was carefully constructed by the friendly guy behind the counter, hugely flavorful, and smashed the spot. I'll do it again next time I'm walking by in need of a massive nearly vegetarian snack. _____________ *"Problem? I haven't got a problem. I've got fucking problems. Plural." (But for the purposes of this discussion, I'm only focusing on the one.)
The food was delicious. The folks who run the place are extremely friendly, and clearly love the food they make. And the prices were perfectly affordable. I don't know where else in the city I could get delicious and healthy food for 7 dollars that will actually fill me up. Will be back many more times.
Shared the _ Grilled Chicken Escalope ($12). (Similar to the Halal Guys' chicken platter but this salad is dressed and refreshing.) Decor is nice and simple with Mediterranean blue walls. Seating in the front, side and back. Clean bathroom. Will return for the above / falafels / kale salad.
I have to say this place is incredible. Super nice owners and they take their time with preparing the delicious food. 4$ falafel is the best you'll get in the city!!! I can't believe I'm moving away from this place, but I'll be back at least once a month.
Fresh, delicious, inexpensive and friendly. I love this place.
I have been trying to be less disdainful of all things H.I.P.S.T.E.R. and as a result, found myself driving around Billy-burg this past weekend in search of a good salad. Behold, La Goulette. The marriage of my two loves - Middle Eastern Cuisine and salad. The owners have no idea how amazing their food is and were so humbly gracious with the compliments we threw at them. I ordered myself a Kale and Avocado salad with a side of hummus and pita. The hummus was swimming in lemon juice and sumac, but I'm a huge fan of acidity and citrus so my palette was super pleased. My friend had the vegetable platter, which included 4 decently sized falafel balls. Unlike other falafel I have had, their recipe was a little nuttier and sweeter tasting. To cap our meal, we had some traditional mint tea served in proper kettle and silver tray. The whole ride home I kept rubbing my belly and singing the praises of Tunisian cuisine. Next time I will bring more of an appetite and get adventurous with the animal protein choices on their menu. Too bad I live too far for take away...
I like the Tunisian version if middle eastern food. La Goulette is a new addition to Williamsburg. The restaurant is clean, has great Arabic music, really nice employees, and good food. The hummus is very thick, yet flavorful. The hummus and chicken shawarma have great taste and balanced spice. There are numerous vegetarian options, salads, baba, hummus, tabbouleh, falafel, etc... If you need suggestions this is a good place to be more adventurous.
I love, love, LOVE this place! The food is delicious, generous portions, great vegetarian dishes, and the prices are great. I'm a big eater and can barely finish the veggie plate. My very picky boyfriend loves the chicken shawarma. The smoothies are yummy. And the owners and everyone who works there are just the nicest, most friendly people you'd ever want to meet. Just a note for the person who complained because the mint tea was served hot...mint tea is ALWAYS served hot in N. Africa, even in the Sahara.
Based on these amazing reviews, my better half and I were really looking forward to making this place our go-to delivery for Mediterranean. We'll give it another go (maybe we ordered the wrong things?), and were happy with the quick delivery, but have to say we were pretty disappointed by the meal itself vs the reviews that it came with.  Disclaimer: we grew up on this kind of food, so our standards on this are probably higher than the average people. Tunisian Veggie:  Falafel - burned 1/3 inch thick and without flavor  Carrot salad - lacking flavor  Hummus - OK Meats (kefta, chicken, merguez) were actually pretty bad, but the rice that came with it was ok. Babaganoush - the only thing we thought was pretty good, and that we'd order again Roasted Cauliflower artichoke on labanah - the labanah was solid, the veggies it came with lacked flavor/were soggy. Maybe dining in the food is better.
Dammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I ordered way too much. Im happy I did. The chicken was amazing,  and the spicy sauce was a perfect hint of tang. Then hummus was so buttery.  I love the lemon zest. Space was clean simple and to the point.  Good food, and im soooo picky so that says a lot.
I have had alot of Middle Eastern food, some amazing some not so good....this place is the BEST by far. I ordered the chicken shwarma platter and everything on the plate is amazing! So happy I found this place
The Arab in me can't go on too long without eating Middle Eastern fare so I bookmark all the possible places where I can have it- whether it's a cart, a take out place, a fancy place, or a hole in the wall, you name it, I've listed it. La Goulette was next in my long list so off we went on a rainy Friday evening. E and I walk in and Nancy Ajram was playing on the speakers- I like this place already. I surveyed the cafeteria style layout of the food and chose the chicken shawarma platter and my bf got the bbq chicken platter. I preferred his order as my chicken was too vinegar-y. I've noticed that Egyptian and Tunisian places are usually very heavy-handed on the acetic acid (La Goulette is Tunisian) and this place was no exception. 1 star for the music selection (Amr Diab, Najwa Karam, and Nancy Ajram are prominent standouts), 1 star for the wonderful grandma-type cashier, and 1 star for the nice guys behind the counter. Food had a homey feel but didn't live up to my (very) high expectations as per usual when it comes to middle eastern food. Do come by and give this place a shot- you'll definitely keep coming back. Btw, they have water pitchers by the tables near the entrance- don't buy bottled water if you can help it.
The most fantastic Mediterranean food outside of the Mediterranean itself. Perfect moderately priced bite to eat.
I don't know how authentic this food is but it's good. It is amazing spot for lunch, get a pita sandwich which comes stuffed with freshly cooked meat and veggies. I do notice that the vegetables are a bit on the vinegary side but it's still good since you don't notice it much when you're eating it with the sauce they have on the meat. This is an order in front and sit down type of place. The food  is cooked on the spot so everything is fresh. Friendly staff. Upbeat music. Rainbow ATM machine.
I love this place. This is my new favorite place. The food is super delicious and great portions and the staff are friendly and accommodating.
Named after the port of Tunis, the Tunisian capital, I had a fantastic meal from true hard working Tunisian brothers from Brooklyn (Bay Ridge originally). Thank you Karim!! They know how to do it right. Great Tunisian food is hard to find. You can find Mediterranean just about anywhere but to have it done right in a fast but upscale casual setting without seeming cheap?  Very slim.  I ordered lamb merguez. The salad, the lamb sausage and the yellow rice... Amazingly aromatic and flavorful. I finishes the whole plate, and this was after stopping at Crif Dogs barely 10mins earlier! Is that not a testament to just how good it is? I also ordered Turkish Coffee.  A thick amazing coffee that'll sure give you a jolt any time of the day.  The equipment is all behind the counter... You can see them work their magic the whole time. They do a good service to the neighborhood, seriously.  Look them up on Seamless if you're lazy, but do yourself a favor and walk right in.  Service is fast even when they're busy, especially if you're gonna order falafel. Eat it while they're hot! I'll be back!
Excellent - the best falafel in the neighborhood - crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and not greasy at all. Great hummus and shawarma. Artichoke and cauliflower over labanah is excellent. Everything is fresh and delicious. This place is great; hope lots of people go here so it will stay around.
Everything here is fresh and full of flavor I got the Sha-lafel special over the babaganoush - simply divine !! Must come here if your in Williamsburg --
Went there after a trip to Turkey and Israel and really really enjoyed the food there. It seemed like eating local food. We had the veggies mix platter and really liked it. Will definitely go back!
Very affordable, no frills, solid food. Get anything they tell you to. so long as it has cauliflower.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. If I lived in Brooklyn I'd be here every day. Very chill atmosphere, with a Mediterranean/Greek theme. Fresh, quality ingredients and the huge portion sizes, all for a very affordable price. I usually get the Shalafel plate, which is a huge plate of shredded chicken shawarma and falafel, over rice, with a big, fresh salad on the side. The plate is very flavorful, well seasoned, and the individual component go very well together, with the lemon-y vinaigrette on the salad going well with the heavier chicken and white sauce. The chicken can be a little dry by itself, but mixed with everything else it's fine. The pita is warm and fluffy, and the hummus is fantastic as well. If you're somehow still hungry at the end, you can get a huge piece of delicious baklava. There is a $10 limit if you want to pay with card, so keep that in mind.
Epically delicious. Epically slow. The slowest. You think, "I'm the only person in the restaurant. How long could it take?" Whatever you just thought, double it. That long. But it is so, so worth it.
Delicious new Mediterranean spot close to Bedford. Staff were super friendly. I ordered the veggie plate with falafel, babaganoush, tabolule and hummus. A basket of fresh pita triangles were included. I was so full. Nothing could stop me from ordering a bakalava for dessert though! Cafeteria/salad bar ordering style. No servers come to your table. I was a little confused on who busses the table or if we bring our dirty plates up?
So this is how I started not going to Oasis anymore: I started coming here! Feels pretty authentic just like the ones I had in my old days in Paris! Most of all very clean and tidy-up, you can relax. Remember 'Relax'? No trash misic either, something Shazam will never catch. :)   Cheers!
I ordered the chicken shawarmah with babagonoush (sp? there are so many different spellings for this word) homemade pita bread was so great. I'd come back just for the pita bread. The chicken shawarmah was smothered in babagonoush and it was a little overwhelming but I still finished it. Very very friendly service!
Fresh and delicious!  Their platters serve very good portions and the staff is super friendly.  I had the Tunisian merguez and my sister had the chicken shawarma. Two thumbs up.
Tunisian cuisine? Didn't know what to expect till I walked across the street on a strong recommendation. It turned out to have delicious food, familiar flavors and names though with a twist. I love this spot as it is well priced and the service is always on-point with smiles and gratitude. I love their falafel sandwich ( under 4$, a unique recipe with a wonderful nutty sauce) , the humus is AWESOME too. The shawarma is maybe the best I've ever had. I enjoy the roasted cauliflower pita is not bad either. My only grouse is that the service is occasionally a bit slow, though this seems to be improving. This spot is good for dining in ( especially with the big windows open) and also for take out- I typically do the latter. Oh, and they also serve their tea with much flair!
Came here with a friend on a Saturday around noon to try this place out. It was quiet with a lot of space to sit. Definitely liked the ambiance of this place. I got the chicken kabob pita sandwich. It was good, but I wished that it was mixed in a little bit more. If you eat the chicken by itself without the sauces and vegetables you can taste the char on it - which was not great - but the combination all together was pretty good.Their latte was good too - but I've had better. The people are nice with good table service. Overall, I would come back again :)
Cheap and delicious, just the way I like my food. And Tunisian? When's the last time you had Tunisian food? Granted, most of the menu seemed to be pretty generic middle eastern without too many Tunisia-specific specialties. But it was tasty nonetheless. The platters are massive and can feed 2 people.
Im wondering when Im going to get sick of this place seeing as I order takeout at least 3 times a week from here. I stick to the basics, the chicken Shawarma, and the Chicken Escalope which also quickly became a favorite. The juices are bomb, as is the baklava. Things that I love: Great portion sizes Super fresh and delish Good quality chicken, i.e. no gristle and weird crunchy parts The guys are always pleasant and helpful As a former resident in this hood who gets sick every time she has Oasis, I have to say everything from La Goulette leaves me full and satisfied, without a T-minus 10 minute run to the toilet. Ordering lunch from them right.....now.
I think it's the wonderful chicken supplier they work with that makes this place so special. Anything they do w/ chicken is extremely lean and yummy compared to nearby alternatives. Their veggie options are good, but nothing to write home about. Having reasonable pricing, very friendly staff, and jugs of complimentary lemon-infused water, and a well-kept restroom (Oasis, hear hear) doesn't hurt either.
Excellent place - I found the service very good, takes a little more time to get your order but they really take their time to make it fresh.  Everyone was very friendly and seemed very happy too.  I ordered the falafel sandwich - very generous portion for $4.   The falafels themselves are made very well - the hot sauce adds a lot to the sandwich as well.  I had a side order of french fries - not that great but they were OK.   I would love to come back and try some of their other items - looked awesome.  Its a comfortable and decent sized place.
Magic. Fresh, friendly, fast, and well priced. They ask what I want and I say, "Everything!" and they happily make me something special. You can tell these guys really love the food they make and want you to love it too. The cauliflower and artichokes are outstanding! Definitely an awesome addition to the neighborhood.
The quality is excellent considering the other middle eastern options in the area. Everything is presented well and the food is absolutely delicious.
I update my review to 5 stars. The mix grill was very good. I had the shalafef and it is amazing! The merguez sandwich is great too! And the sauce they use in sandwich is very good. For sure I become one of my favorite spot for Mediterranean food!
Recently had a chance to visit this hidden gem on Grand Street in Williamsburg. What a welcome addition to the neighborhood! A nice menu of reasonably priced middle eastern items. I met one of the owners and he was very hospitable and friendly. The place itself is clean, modern, yet comfortable. I tried the falafel which was very good. Freshly made, loaded with falafel balls, fresh veggies and white sauce, I enjoyed it very much. The best part- it only cost $4.00. I also got to try their hummus and babaganosh and both were great as well. The hummus especially! While I usually go to Oasis for their falafel, the fact that I don't need to walk all the way up there and still have great falafel works for me. I am a convert. Can't wait to try their other dishes!
My girlfriend and I eat here almost once a week since it opened.  We have tried half the menu and continue to be happily surprised every time. I jut had the babaganoush over chicken swarma and it was delicious.  The baba is creamy and the chicken is beyond juicy with perfect seasoning. On top of the great food, the service is wonderful -- really nice guys hand prepare everything. And the prices are very fair considering the location and quality. Love this place as a quick casual meal!
I'm so happy this place exists! I've been hoping for a spot near my apartment that serves cheap/delicious/healthy food. I had the falafel (only $4 and super tasty) and the kale avocado salad (AMAZING). The people who work here are incredibly nice and thoughtful. It took about 10-15 to get my food once I ordered, and the cashier gave me some snacks on the house (and assured me the wait was because they were making the falafel fresh - not that I was complaining!). The space feels brand new (cause it is) and is very bright/blue/pretty. Order at the counter, plenty of space to dine in if that's your jam. It'll be amazing in summer when they can open all the front windows onto the street. This is my new go-to spot. Looking forward to trying more dishes.
Omg how can chicken Sharma be so good? Never have I had such well seasoned fresh Mediterranean food. My friend has the chicken avocado salad and is raving about it. Wow! Really!
Worth the cab ride from the Theater District on a Monday night when no plays and you want a true Brooklyn neighborhood experience.  Neighborhood in transition but safe and artsy.  Paramount was filming a few blocks away. Food was great and inexpensive and the service was excellent.  Falafels were the big hit.  Save room for the baklava, it was so good (with Turkish Coffee) that we ordered a bunch to take home.
Fresh and delicious Mediterranean (Tunisian-style) cuisine. The owner, Karim, and his staff take great care in preparing your meal. The only possible competitor in this hood is Oasis (by the L train) but La Goulette is better. The kale salad is scrumptious. It's creamy and fresh and it's "Mom's recipe" from back home so it's obviously good. The meats are tender and juicy (chicken, beef, and lamb) and the fries are to die for (see Tip for details). I can't say enough good things about this place. If you love hoummous, you must go. They are only a few weeks old so they don't yet take credit and they are not licensed but the food is crazy good!
Fast delivery. Fresh food. The chicken shawarma platter is delicious. The hot sauce & white sauce were just enough. The salad was drenched in amazing dressing. And to top it off the price was affordable.
Last night I had the chicken shawarma plate and omg taste so delicious mmmm,,no fat at all ,big portion ,salad dressing is amazing and I end up with veggie mix to take home for dinner later ,green fresh falafel and the best baba and hummus I ever taste ,over all this place is so great and so affordable for the quality food they serve ,definitely I will be back :)
The food and service here is excellent with a good selection. Great space as well. We had the babganoush and hummus shawarma plates. The portions were nice and filling. Would recommend!
Prideful, passionate and nice-as-heck Tunisian fellas making some delicious food. Their falafel is easily the best I've had.  Not greasy at all.  Perfect flavor.  Superb, clean crunch factor.   100% part of my weekly food lineup.
Nice addition to the neighborhood. The shawarma salad was excellent. Extremely fresh food that was prepared very well. My one complaint is a pet peeve: I hate cilantro so when falafels are full of green spices I'm not very happy.. But most people love it so who knows!. this place is awesome and I place it right up there with other neighborhood middle eastern highlights such as Zizi Limona and Kestane Kebab.
One of the best falafel Pitas I've had. Crunchy falafel, fresh salad, a light sauce with a hint of bite and only $4.35 including tax.  Came on a Sunday afternoon sat at the window in the sun watching the crowd walk by... Very relaxing - I'll be back!
I haven't had every falafel in NYC but I've had quite a few and this one is my favorite (The Falafel Shop on the LES is really good too).  I can also highly recommend their baba ghanoush and baklava.  I have yet to try the other things on the menu but I've seen them and they look delicious. Also: - It's cheap (at the time of this writing the falafel sandwich is $4 and it's big) - The guys who run it are friendly - There's plenty of seating, and it's pleasant - free wifi (time limited I think, but unlimited if you sign in with you Time Warner account) - good for vegetarians (though I am not one) - counter service, no waiters I am so happy to have this place near me.  If you like falafel or North African/Middle Eastern style food you should try it.  I eat here almost every day.
The chicken shawarma with hummus is superb. The falafel was great too but it made me feel sick. I blame that on over eating. This place is wonderful. Williamsburg needed a Tunisian good lunch spot that is cheap and quick.
Stumbled on this place after visiting nearby and was so happy I made a great find in this wonderful place offering Middle Eastern food. It is airy, clean, and nicely decorated. The food is prepared with pride and care. I ordered a delicious falafel sandwich which was so tasty and a full of wonderful flavors. It was well worth its price of only $4.  We also had a great Turkish Coffee which matched beautifully with the traditional desserts, Baklava and Kunafa (birds nest). Everything tasted home-made. If I lived in the neighbor hood I would probably go there on a daily basis. I would like to try everything on the menu; it all looked delicious. Go!
I came in here by random because it was really cold outside and I don't regret it. La Goulette just opened a few weeks ago and you should definitely try this out. The owners are great and introduced me to hummus (I ordered desert which I don't know the name but it's awesome), they surely know how to Tunisian food and even speak French :)
All I can say is YAY! My wife and I have eaten here twice and the food is fantastic. Authentic Tunisian/Arabic food that does not break the bank. All the food is halal which is great for those who say no to swine. The owners are welcoming and the place is very clean. I strongly recommend this place for dinner and brunch. You will not be disappointed. This is a place for pretentious hipsters, as well as down to earth locals. Yum yum yum for my tummy.
Oh my goodness their falafels are big, crispy on the outside, and absolutely delicious!!!!  Not an expensive place to eat at!! Will definitely come back or order delivery!! The staff is very friendly and nice!
Excellent shawarma and an outstanding salad. Very nice staff, and a clean environment. All fresh ingredients. I highly recommend.
Love the place and the food is great!  The environment is welcoming and the staff is very nice.
Amazing new addition to the area, I am sold! I was methodically going down their menu and was up to the Tunisian kefta kabab until someone told me I had to try the babaganoush/chicken shawarma. I'm still stuck as its just that good and haven't been able to move on.   The baklava is great but the bird's nest looking item (don't know the name) is plain out of sight! People are friendly too which just makes this place stand out even more. I need to move on so the Tunisian Merguez will be next...hopefully, unless I revert back to the chicken baba/shwarma.
The food is extremely fresh the two brothers who own the place are super nice and welcoming.
This place serves incredibly fresh and flavorful food with friendly service. The merguez sandwich is one of the best I ever tasted. So incredible! I also got a chicken shawarma salad. It was good, although maybe a little slight. I still enjoyed it. It is one of my favorite spots for lunch when I am working in the area. The mint tea is also divine.
A great addition to the neighborhood and in my opinion it now holds the distinction of being the best falafel, not only in Williamsburg, but in NYC. The pita was warm and fresh and the ingredients were also fresh and flavorful. The falafel itself was big and filling. The Chicken Schwarma was also a top notch dish and we topped it off with a Turkish coffee. It's a new place with plenty of tables inside and a lot to offer.
One of the few middle eastern places open for weekday lunch in the area my wife and I dropped in on a hot and humid Monday afternoon. The owner made us up two cold plates. Kale salad with chicken and a plate of carrot salad with falafel and hummus. I am still thinking about it two days later. It was a simple but terrific meal! Fresh and flavorful in ample array,I will be back soon.
This restaurant just opened up in the neighborhood and it's my friends and I all agree that it's our new favorite spot! The owners are so pleasant and really care about the food. It's also lovely to have a new type of food in the neighborhood. I encourage you to try.
5 stars for this great addition to our neighbourhood. Great food! friendly people serving you. What more can you want?!  Personal favourite - the cauliflour and artichoke special with tahini
My husband and I love ordering here. It's huge portions, so fresh and so cheap! We love the chicken schwarma platter and baklava! The owners are so nice, too!
consistently delicious
Wonderful, fresh food. Frankly, it's a bit addicting--I've been an embarrassing amount of times this month. Go-to is chicken schawarma salad and Tunisian fries. Very friendly service, whether dining in or delivery. Great addition to the neighborhood!
