Living in Williamsburg for over 6yrs, it's hard to keep up with the restaurant boom and all the new places popping up. I'm glad we ventured out to this place because what a gem! It was a quaint and lovely restaurant. As someone who loves fried chicken, I decided to try new foods that I've never had before and I was glad that I did! Fried green tomato with remoulade sauce (which was unreal) was a great starter! My meal consisted of chicken fried steak with grits, 2 sunny side up eggs, biscuit, and strawberry jam. The problem with this meal is that it has now set the bar extremely high if I decide to have chicken fried steak somewhere else! Everything was so flavorful that we can't wait to go back and try everything else. Usually when you land on a dish you love, you end up getting it over and over, but with Beehive, it seems like every table ordered something different because it's the kind of place where you really can't go wrong. The owner was friendly and involved. I'm sure beehive will prosper because of such great cooking and customer service. We look forward to coming back many times and eventually making it to their delicious lookin desserts.
YUMMMMMMMM! Their chicken biscuits are to die for. So crispy and delicious. I ordered the chicken biscuit with pimento! again, YUM! Def. recommend! I also ordered dessert. I had the chocolate cake. Not my fav, but it was still tasty and I didn't leave any bites, so that says something right?! The owner, John, is so nice too. He told me all about his and his family's story. As I can tell by the other reviews too, the owners really do make this restaurant a 5-star location. Wish I lived in the area so I could return. I wish I had more as I'm writing this review. YUM YUM :)
I have been here half a dozen times or so and I plan on going back many, many more times.  The first time I went, I ended up hanging out for about 3 and a half hours.  John and Treva are so nice and work very hard to remember faces and names.  They also will chat with you as long as they aren't busy which I love (Southern hospitality, ya'll).  Being from the south, I'm always getting a hankering for biscuits and gravy and fried okra... two things that can be tricky to find in the city.  Thankfully, Beehive has both!  Even though I love those two things, I always try to eat something different every time I go and haven't been let down yet.  The biscuit pudding is a meal in and of itself (I've had the plum, peach, and apple - all uh.maze.ing!) and is a must even if you have to pack it up and take it home.   It's started to get popular and busy and sometimes the service isn't always top notch but I've never had it be terrible.  Occasionally I've had to remind them about my fried okra order which I always get as a side.  I'm personally glad to see them doing so well and I hope their good fortune continues. I also love that they rotate their beers on tap.  Between that and the food, they get a 5-star rating from me.  The decor is pretty great too (the bathroom decor is hands down the best though.  It's my favorite bathroom in the city and you should definitely go wash your hands or something).  They are also starting to expand their menu and I'm excited to see what the future holds.  Definitely give them your business and meet John and Treva if they are around.   Good people, good food, good times.  A++.
Amazing. Stopped by tonight and John the owner took care of my group of 7. He was so helpful and welcoming. The atmosphere was great and the food was amazing. The entire group had different biscuit sandwiches, which we all loved, and couldn't stop talking about. I got the Nettie, the buttermilk dressing with the fried chicken was perfection. And for dessert everyone who comes here needs to have the hummingbird cake. You won't regret it.
A sweet Southern beauty with so much taste and class. The biscuits are divine. The style is so reminiscent of the South. It's quaint and charming. Go. You'll love it and chime to your friends about how cute it is.
So glad this Smorgasburg hit opened its first brick and mortar biz right across the street from my house. You can often smell the fresh baked goodness right from the street. I came here with my guy, who ordered the shrimp and grits with a fruit salad on the side. Was his pick as tasty as it was colorful? Indeed. As for me, I had to order a biscuit from a place that bills itself as a "biscuit cafe" (really, it's on a handpainted sign outside). The Moselle biscuit is all your soul food faves served on a buttery gold biscuit: fried chicken, collard greens, fried egg, and hot sauce. The crisp apple raisin slaw is a notch above your standard cole slaw. If you're thirsty, try the prickly pear lemonade, which is just the right amount of sweet, despite its name. I will be returning to sample each menu item, even if I have to come alone. With its shabby rustica decor and cozy ambiance, Bee Hive Oven is the kind of eatery that invites you to linger awhile, especially now that the weather's getting chilly out!
Another week, another Brooklyn brunch.  I've been to brunch more ties in the past month than I've been in the past two years (I like to sleep in on weekends I suppose).  But the team was in the mood for southern fixin's... and as the democratically appointed Yelper of the team, I selected the new kid on the block: Beehive Oven Biscuit Cafe.   Southern inspired cuisine??? Check.  Cozy nook of a dining area that BK has become so famous for???  Check.  Build your own biscuit sandwich options??? Hellz yea.  All these factors amounted to nods of approval from the team of brunchers I had dined with (half of whom I just met that morning/afternoon).  And despite the long waiting time (we had 7 in our party, and the fact that we were in Williamsburg for brunch didn't help none) we were all in good spirits, as we knew what we were getting ourselves in to.   Many opted for the build your own biscuit sandwich menu item... pretty self-explanatory huh???  You get a biscuit, choice of protein (fried chicken = "duh"), and a slew of other toppings (including eggs, bacon, sausage gravy, and a bunch of other sauces).  Lo and behold, I was set to bike a few dozen miles after brunch (big surprise huh??), so that reality coupled with my inquisitive stomach resulted in me ordering two menu items... the build-a-biscuit and the "bootstrap breakfast."  The bootstrap was a typical bacon and eggs type of breakfast, and like any other staple (including burgers, pizza, etc...) it's a combo that's often replicated, tough to screw up, but even tougher to perfect.  Was this one the perfect combo???  No, but they didn't screw it up... and the addition of a biscuit with "plum-ginger" jam and some of the best grits I've had in some time. Some in the group ordered other of the menu-offered brunch fare in addition to the biscuit sandwiches, these included steak and eggs and shrimp and grits.  The ordering parties were happily content with their choices and the experience overall.  End of the day though, biscuits were the calling card, and they should keep hammering these biscuits home.
This place is so great! Went for brunch, had the chicken fried steak and eggs. So delicious. The biscuits are really good too. Can't wait to go back for the chicken fried steak dinner :) The best thing about all of it is there was no obnoxious two hour wait to sit down. We walked right in. The staff was very friendly. Go to this place!!! You will be so happy.
This place is great!  Amazing food, pleasant and attentive service! Waiter was courteous, always making sure we were comfortable.  He made some recommendations that were spot on. Really liked the decor.  It has a Southern feel (they're from Texas), but it's not gimmicky.  Just feels homey.  Not intimidating, low key but not low maintenance. Food: Chicken wings - tangy, sweet, and a tinge of spice.  It melted in our mouths.  Only regret is we got the small (3) instead of the large (6).  Would definitely get again. Moselle chicken sandwich - its a chicken sandwich with egg.  Loved it.  Prob my favorite dish.  Chicken was really tender, possibly the most tender chicken I've had in the city (and we've tried many a places).  The egg yolk made for a perfect complement. Nettie chicken sandwhich - wifey liked this one more. Not as juicy but really crispy, which I also like.  Only downside is the biscuit was a bit hard, but it didn't detract from the taste. Biscuit bread pudding - they mix day old biscuit with seasonal fruit pudding (we had apple since its in season).  Man this was awesome...never had anything like it before.  Perfect combination of crispy soft biscuit with sweet syrupy fruit pudding.  Only suggestion would be to add some ice cream.  We mentioned this to the owner who we conversed with throughout the night; he said to stay tune because once he gets an ice cream license, he'll be adding store made ice cream to this and other dishes (but it'd be in his secret menu!). The owner John talked to us intermittently throughout our whole dinner, really friendly guy.  Also made us feel at home and always asked if we needed anything.  The service was top notch.  He also told us his story of how he moved here from Texas, fell in love with the city, wife taking culinary classes, and them opening up the restaurant when he got tired of working for Apple.  Living the dream! Overall, awesome food in a low key, friendly environment.  Will definitely be coming back and recommending to others!
We found this place thanks to YELP. It had 40+ reviews and a score of 5. That was attention enough to give it a try. The place is small, but you won't feel yourself in a box, you have your room to eat. We arrived one saturday at 15pm and it was complete so we waited a few minutes and had a seat on the bar. The owner was very kind and gentle and explained to us the menus (we're from Spain and we were a bit lost about what to eat). My GF and I had an excellent service and food. The owner took care of us perfectly. Sadly there was no cake avaiable at that moment but that makes a good excuse to come back again! 10/10 will repeat and taste the chicken wings!
A near perfect experience. As a Southern expat, there's a lot of foods I miss living in NYC. (This city does NOT have queso - how is that?) Biscuits are hard to come by in the city, so when we saw this place was nearby a show we were going to later, we decided to check it out. I was impressed right away with the quirky Southern decor. It was charming without seeming cheesy - lots of colanders and wood. Our waiter was AWESOME. I think his name was Charlie? He was very attentive and friendly. The boy and I each got custom biscuit sandwiches with a side of mashed potatoes. He got fried chicken and honey, while I got bacon and pimento cheese. The biscuit was $7 and the mashed potatoes were $4. We split a piece of Chocolate Birthcake for about $6. Everything was really yummy. The pimento cheese was slathered on the way I like it, and the biscuit was the just the right amount of crumbly. The cake is rich, so definitely split it with someone else. My biggest complaint - and what keeps his place from getting 5 stars - is how teeny the biscuit sandwich was. Where I'm from (NC), our biscuit sandwiches are monstrous things that will fill you. This was smaller than the palm of my hand and could probably be eaten in two big bites. I felt a little cheated for $7. On the other hand, you get a nice portion of mashed potatoes for $4, so that helps. I'll definitely be back to the Beehive Biscuit Cafe, but not as much as if the biscuits were a few dollars cheaper or a little bit bigger.
I'm so glad the other southern BBQ place was closed because it gave us a chance to hop over to Beehive. Southern food can go so wrong, especially with anything fried. But Beehive Oven understands the nuances of southern cuisine and delivers perfectly. You'll think you've bumped into grandma's kitchen through a wormhole in Williamsburg. Buttery, flaky, crispy, juicy, mouthwatering and delicious. Dripping with southern hospitality and featuring little touches like homemade lemonade and their special ranch dressing. I tried a little bit of their jam and it was unlike anything I've ever tasted. Listen, I ended up devouring what my kid didn't eat. I did not have a problem when he said he was done, more for momma! There's no kids menu, but they are very family friendly, and you can build your tot a biscuit sandwich for under $10. I will fall to my knees if a place THIS good comes to Montclair, Beehive fully lived up to their presentation and trendy setting by actually serving DELICIOUS food.
Stumbled onto this place on a Sunday early afternoon, right after peak brunch time. Waited for about 2 min for a seat at the counter. This place is pleasantly busy but not frenetic. i hate those kind of brunch spots. However, because there wasn't much staff working here yet, everyone seemed just a bit stressed. the counter still had some jam which i put my hand into.  this place is still relatively new so i expect those kinks to be ironed out soon. after the jam, everything else was smooth. food was delicious. the fried chicken was the right size, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. i had the moselle, which was delicious. wasn't heavy on the hot sauce, fyi, if you're worried. biscuit was too salty for me and detracted from the rest of the flavors but had good consistency, i.e., didn't completely fall apart after the first bite. i tried the deviled eggs - they were good in the you can't fuck up deviled eggs kind of way. right now, it's just wine and beers. not sure if they're planning to expand to a full liquor license.
Admittedly, when I first heard about this place, I was surprised to see (as of this review) a sold 5 stars out of 27 reviews. Come on now. That seems almost unreal! Well, seeing is believing! Or, I suppose, eating is believing. I am a believer and am happy to put in another 5 star review for this fine establishment! It's located on a quiet corner in Williamsburg in a cozy space, and the beau and I lucked out by getting one of the last tables before a 12:30 p.m. brunch rush suddenly took over. A scant five minute wait for us, but a 30+ minute wait for everyone else. (Hehe! Luck was on our side!) Though, I don't blame the rush or the people wanting (and willingly waiting) to eat a meal here. What they have to offer is extraordinary. To start, a bright pink glass of perfectly sweetened prickly pear lemonade wet my whistle. Though I easily settled on one of the special biscuit sandwiches, the Nettie, the beau opted to make his own. Starting at $3 for the biscuit, you can add whatever you want from well more than a dozen items. He went simple with scrambled eggs and cheddar cheese, and I had to jab him a little for not being a little more inventive. ;-) (He's my better half. Of course I need to tease him!) The Nettie, on the other hand, is a piece of heaven: Hot biscuits sandwiched iceberg lettuce, thick bacon, a piece of fried chicken, and house-made buttermilk ranch dressing. I was told that I didn't breath at all; I just ate as the beau watched in both slight horror and utter amusement. IT. WAS. SO. GOOD. After inhaling, errrr, eating my sandwich, we were greeted by Treva, one of the owners and the executive chef of this restaurant. We both had a lovely chat with her. Her kindness and warmth made me feel bubbly and exuberant while talking to her. You can tell that this restaurant is her baby and she is an extremely proud mother. Upon looking at their website when I got home, I saw she was trained at ICE and is an established chef, food consultant, and food stylist (YES!). When she asked if we would be back, we both told her yes, and we meant it. The vibes, food, and hospitality of this restaurant are amazing, simply put.
Let me start by saying that the food is amazing and if I were judging solely on the food, I'd give it five stars. The service, however, is another story. I've been here three times, and each time (with different servers), the wait has been excruciatingly long and my order was delivered wrong. Most recently, I ordered a pumpkin biscuit (the pumpkin biscuits are mindblowing btw), but was disappointed to be delivered a regular biscuit. Our server was nice, kind, and accommodating but ultimately incompetent. This may be a reflection of the fact that beehive oven is less than six months old and is still finding its sweet spot. I feel bad giving it two stars but I feel like the terrible service really needs to be acknowledged.
Went there today for brunch and it was amazing! The couple that own it are also super sweet and really engaged in the customer service. As far as the food, I've been searching for a tasty biscuits and gravy and this place delivers. Oh! The red velvet cake was awesome too. Support this new little restaurant.
"Sometimes even the wrong train can take you to the right destination" (The Lunchbox) "So, how did you hear about us?" John, one of the owners, asked me. "Yelp. I read about you on yelp. The reviews were all glowing". I responded. To be completely truthful, our intended destination was the nearby, insanely popular, fried chicken restaurant whose name rhymes with: "Cries and Sighs" (involuntary reactions from prospective clients on being told the wait time), but after hearing that the wait would be one and a half hours, I resorted to Plan B... as I had seen gushing reviews for Beehive Oven nearby. We walked over, and the wait here was only ten minutes. "We're from Texas, and we're having fun with the concept", said John to me when asked of the focus on being a "Biscuit Café". "Biscuits are the vehicle, but we are introducing a number of variations that we think people will find interesting". The Jezebel sauce was one such novelty for me. More like a Chutney than a sauce, the apple and pineapple preserves are given a slight kick by the horseradish sauce, but it's not pungent and helps one enjoy the chicken wings by not overpowering them. We got the Moselle (Fried Chicken, Collard Greens, Fried Egg, and Hot Sauce) and the Nettie (Fried Chicken, Iceberg wedge, buttermilk dressing, w/o bacon) sandwiches that both come with a side of Apple Raisin slaw. It would be fair to say that the sandwiches taste very good, but it's all about the biscuits... they are fantastic (5 stars). I don't think I've enjoyed any version of biscuits in NYC more than the one at Beehive Oven. Interestingly, there have been two (unintentionally) slightly different versions: one fluffier, while the other crispier but with an excellent bite... both tasted so good that you could eat them plain without the chicken and be ooh-ing and aah-ing...  As so happens ever too frequently in my food discoveries, I start focusing on a particular dish (lately Fried Chicken) and end up getting fascinated by something different... In this case: Biscuits... They are endlessly fascinating, for almost no two are alike! Some are cake-y, some are crumbly, some are fluffy, some crispy, some are like focaccia bread... it goes on and on, and one can't say that one version trumps others. But, Beehive exhibits a certain command and consistency in execution that deserves kudos and recognition. It's great to see a Smorgasburg alum graduate into the world of bricks and mortar, with distinction. There are a host of dessert options and we tried the Red Velvet cake (with Vanilla bean frosting) and the Texas Sheet Cake (with chocolate) that seemed less like a sheet cake and more like a fudgy brownie. The Sheet cake was marred by the sponge being uninteresting once one was done with the frosting... but the red velvet cake fared better in terms of frosting and cake, benefiting from the high turnover. "Are you hoping to benefit from the spillover crowd at the nearby restaurant when they hear the wait time there?" I asked John. "Not really", he replied. "If we even got half of the number of customers they do, we wouldn't be able to handle it". I agree with that assertion. The fact that they are getting regular patrons is helpful, but Beehive is definitely benefiting from not having a mass of customers beating down the door. Our server, delightfully  personable and with an endearing smile, was nevertheless hassled and had to be reminded for (1) small plates; (2) knives; (3) water (our glasses were empty); (4) bacon in the Nettie (when I had asked for it to be excluded); (5) the bill... Did I say she was cute and had an endearing smile? I'll give her the benefit of the doubt, and hope she lives up to my faith in coming visits. Coming back to the million dollar question of a comparison with the nearby restaurant: there were no pies (only cakes and puddings), but the thighs here were definitely better than the ones I could see over there... Though, I'm not talking about the feathered ones.... :)  You've gotta love summer in the City. (4.5 stars)
The second we entered and were greeted we knew we made the right choice. We felt so home the whole time. Besides the amazing staff, the food was mind blowing. We both had kick started brunch which has changed my opinion of breakfast forever. The eggs were exactly as I asked for (same for my friend), the bacon was crispy and tasty making us to want so much more. And the biscuits, omg the biscuits... They are made of love and bring continuous smile to your face. We will definitely return! Also loved the design and atmosphere of the place. Can't wait to visit again! Hugs John and everyone! (See the pic of John amongst the pics, he is so lovely)
Just went in for a snack so we ordered the wings. So delicious! Sweet with a kick. After trying the wings we HAD to try more stuff! Also tried the biscuits with strawberry jam. Hands down... The best. Corn on the cob was good too... We had chocolate cake with biscof filling. Everything was just PERFECT. Great ambiance and great vibes.
The service and the friendliness of the owner and staff is impeccable. You can't find this kind of Southern charm anywhere but the South, so this is a GEM! The food is wonderful and they cater to vegetarians as well. I love their fried green tomatoes, mushroom gravy biscuits, homemade sweet tea, house made buttermilk ranch dressing, and the care they really take in the quality of their food. I've been here several times with my roommate and the owner always comes up to chat with us and makes us feel super welcome. They deserve five stars all the way! Keep being awesome guys!
Nice addition to the hood. The biscuits sandwiches are delicious and reasonably priced. I also love that it comes with a complimentary starter plate of veggies. The owner John was lovely as well. There is nothing better than spending money at an establishment whose management really makes an effort to take time to talk to his customers.
Update on 11/15 (Original review on 11/14) After my original yelp review the owner reached out to me directly.  He was committed to understanding what happened and to finding a resolution to my concerns.  You can't ask for more from an owner or manager.  He cares about his customers!   After looking at reviews on yelp and seeing the five star rating, I decided to venture out to check out Bee Hive for dinner.   What did I order: 1.  Deviled Eggs - 2 2.  The Sandra 3.  Red Velvet Cake Verdict 1.  Deviled Eggs - Very good!  Perfect balance of ingredients. Recommend ordering these. 2.  The Sandra - Also very good.  Great flavor.  The biscuit was wonderful and I am speaking from growing up in the South.  The combination of the biscuit, gravy, and egg made for a delicious and comforting meal. 3.   Red Velvet Cake - When I ordered I asked how fresh the cake was and was told they are made at the restaurant. Not quite an answer to my question but I felt it would be worth the risk so I ordered a slice to go.  HUGE mistake - The cake was so dry.    I called the restaurant and mentioned the cake was very dry and the lady who answered the phone said "I don't think we have a return policy on cake".  That was it.  No offer to refund.  No offer to provide a new slice.  Nada. All in all the food was great!.  If you are in the mood for a biscuit or biscuit sandwich I would go to Bee Hive!  The service left a lot to be desired, but I am positive the owner will work with his staff on how to handle issues when they are brought up by customers.
You must go here. It's delicious. You won't regret it. Decent prices, usually good service. Never a wait. A million times better than pies and thighs.
Awesome addition to the southern restaurant scene in Northern Brooklyn, and it's great to see a Smorgasburg stand rise to the next level of brick and mortar. Love the fact each biscuit is named after the owners grandmothers, and it's the little touches like these that make every guest feel at home. Definitely opt for anything with fried chicken and cheese, it's a time tested combo, and save room for red velvet cheesecake!
Food was absolutely amazing but waiting on the waiters took for ever! Had my table waiting for about 30minutes until the waiter showed up with just drinks then another hour for the food. After that the waiter didnt show up until we were literally done with the food.
The owner (John) was wonderful to our party. We called ahead and they were able to accommodate a large group in a matter of minutes! The food was DELICIOUS and the service was fantastic. We will be back!
It's been weeks and I'm still thinking about the warm biscuits with pear jam. This place is where I want to be every Sunday with a hot coffee eating a great breakfast. A truly delicious and unique addition to Williamsburg and NYC as a whole.
5 stars for their amazing service- incredible waitstaff!!!! 1 star for their food. This was such a disappointment. When you walk in and get your seat, you look up above you and you see that ole' lone star flag hanging. Your hopes are high, you salivate thinking of the delicious biscuits ahead........ Sadly, expectations are simply not met here at BeeHive. My wife ordered a biscuit with collards and an egg. I ordered a biscuit with fried chicken, bacon, and cheddar. Both sound delicious right? They really weren't. The biscuits are so small. I've probably baked 2,000-3,000 biscuits in my life (Native Arkansan, half Texan) I've never baked such dried out discs that Beehive calls biscuits. Both of our biscuits were bone dry, almost dissolving in our hands when we picked up our biscuits, such a let down. The fried chicken was fine, not bad, but not great either. Both of us were hungry after our biscuits. We opted for a dessert, hoping it might salvage our experience. No bones there either. We ordered a chocolate layer cake. The problem- in between the chocolate cake were layers of cream cheese. Very weird, very weird. Their service is amazing, amongst the best I've had in Brooklyn. But, their food is an utter letdown, don't let any flags, catchy names, or anything else fool you. We won't be back, because I can bake better biscuits any day in my own oven.
My fiance and I had an impromptu date night in Williamsburg and happened upon this amazing spot. I'm not even sure where to begin. The decor is quaint and sweet. I later found out that John, one of the owners was responsible for the beautiful paintings. His wife, Treva(hope I'm not misspelling her name), the other owner and executive chef, was our server. She was great at recommending dishes for us and overall had such a pleasant disposition. The food was great and there are so many more things we plan to try the next time we go back. If you have a sweet tooth, the hummingbird cake and biscuit bread pudding are a MUST! John, Treva and their staff are a huge part of what make this place so great. You clearly see their passion and investment into cooking great food and creating a welcoming environment for all their patrons. Please check out this place if you want a filling-feel-good time!
Randomly found this place just wandering around. Had the Jezebel Wings, a chicken biscuit, and The Ruby (biscuit with fried green tomato, shrimp, and remoulade). Everything was phenomenal. The prickly pear lemonade was also amazing, and it's made on site, along with just about everything else there. The service and decor were just as comforting as the food. I'll definitely be back here a lot.
Had the 'Nettie' chicken and biscuit sandwich. The fried chicken was the best I've had in recent memory, and the creamy sauce and bacon were delicious. Looking forward to trying more.
The owners are always there and treat every customer like family. The food is very fresh, the store actually closes twice a week so the staff can work on making fresh jams and biscuit mix from scratch. It would be tough to order something you didnt enjoy here, and the food options are simple enough to not bother recommending something specific. As far as the drinks, im a fan of the mint infused lemonade, but if that sounds too sugary, the mint tea is pretty great as well.
As a southern girl, I'm always in the hunt for good southern-style restaurants in the city. This place hit the spot! I went for bunch and was greeted by John and his wife. They are both lovely and make you feel really welcome. Their food is incredible- I ordered biscuits and gravy, grits, bacon, and eggs and they were all delicious. I'll definitely be coming back!
Such a beautiful lil restaurant, amazing service and delicious food. Perfectly casual but special. Incredible vanilla pear jam, had to buy two jars for $10 each. We ordered the huge Jezebel wings, 3 to share between 2 was plenty. Prawns and grits and netty biscuit. Mini biscuit side was a great taster, had to finish off with the chocolate cake. Very memorable!
I'm always hesitant to dole out great recos to local gems, but this place deserves an inflow of business. The food is so authentic, delicious, well-priced and homey. The service is down-to-earth.  They take the extra mile from the owner down. The atmosphere is everything you'd want. Really happy to have them in the 'hood.
I love YELP for helping discover little gems like this place! My bf and I were in the area for the weekend. We wanted to try a new place for brunch on Sunday, so I looked up some suggestions for restaurants in the area. This southern girl was drawn to this spot, hoping that I wouldn't be disappointed as I often am with restaurants claiming to specialize in southern cuisine.  I was not. We sat at the bar and chatted with John, one of the owners, as we ate. John was friendly, asking us about ourselves and what brought us to the area, telling us about himself, and making sure we enjoyed our meal. We shared the fried green tomatoes served with remoulade sauce. It was delicious! I ordered the shrimp and grits--perfection.  Trust me...there aren't a lot of spots that get this dish right up here.  In fact, even though it's one of my favorite dishes when I'm down south, I've pretty much given up on ordering it when I'm anywhere else. But something about John's friendly banter made me feel like he wouldn't let me down.  It was awesome! As an added bonus, he gave us two delicious mimosas on the house because it was my bf's birthday weekend! We will most definitely be back during our next trip to NYC!
Beehive Oven is AMAZING. Went in for dinner last night and to schedule catering for breakfast for the morning after my wedding. Treva and everyone were so incredibly helpful in letting me taste different things to figure out what I wanted, quantity etc. Everyone was just so warm and extremely helpful! Super excited to work with these folks! Also dinner was KILLER we had the fried green tomatoes, a beesting (kolsch with st. germaine, tea, and orange), a moselle biscuit (collard green, egg and fried chicken), and the chicken fried steak special with corn. It was an insane amount of food but so delicious! Will definitely be making this a regular stop!
I am not an expert on grits but when my Mississippi born highly fussy vegetarian business partner exalts over them they must be good. The food is homey and real the staff so good and the biscuit well delicious. Down home time for these Texas and South Carolina transplants.  Well deserved.
Warm, low-key atmosphere. Best southern food in the neighborhood. Came here with a group of 7 girls on a busy Friday night and the service was still top notch.
I had my meal to go and even after taking it back to my house the biscuit was still fluffy and dense! Amazing food, truly. Even though Brooklyn has some phenomenal restaurants this small little (well designed) shop easily competes with the big names in the area. I had the ruby, which was awesome.....but the best item on the menu is the green fried tomatoes. My family is from south Carolina and Savannah and the green friend tomatoes are equally as good, if not better, than anything I've had in the south.
I love this place, right around the corner and a wonderful place to take guests. Love the mini biscuits and the amazing in season jams. This is a gem not to be missed, laid back, reasonable portions and very reasonable prices. Also, the people that work there are so nice and have amazing service, something not to be overlooked in Williamsburg. I highly recommend!
This place is amazing! Everyone is super nice and the food is great.  I got the Nettie and it was the most glorious combination of fried chicken, bacon, and biscuit I've ever eaten.
Great food - I only had a biscuit with bacon and fried chicken, but it was massively delicious.  Can't wait to try the red velvet cake. Wonderful atmosphere - Beautiful decor, fun, airy, colorful, with lots of beautiful wood.  Tables are wooden with bright, colorful, happiness-inducing washes, but not loud or garishly colorful.  Very skillfully handled.  Great benches too.  I thoroughly enjoyed soaking up all the furnishings.  Soft, luminous light when we were there around noon, I felt like I was in a food or architecture magazine.  Very comfortably spaced seating too, not cramped together like a lot of places in the area.   Affable owners -  John and Treva chatted us up from the bar for a good while about Texas, wildfire photography, and chicken fried steak.  Super friendly people, as was our waitress.  Just the kind of people I would want in a neighborhood restaurant. Really glad they're in the neighborhood!  It's a total day-brightener!
Great new addition to the neighborhood! Homey vibe, welcoming people and delicious food. I love the fried green tomatoes and the Nettie sandwich and red velvet cake. The coffee is serious if you need a boost and lemonade not too sweet or tart- just perfect. All of the condiments are amazing which may seem like a weird thing to get excited about but try them! Jezebel especially.
Great decor; the place feels straight out of Louisiana (or maybe Austin, given the Texas flag). The biscuits are awesome, and brunch comes with nice touches like fresh-squeezed orange juice.
Wandered past this place with my friend looking for breakfast/brunch. Just came back and thought I'd immediately inform yelp of this place. This place is adorable. Everyone was really friendly and the food was SO good! I had their special, the Texican. Corn bread biscuit, fried chicken, sausage gravy and a tomato salad. It was unique and delicious. Their menu includes a lot of Southern classics, some with a unique, updated twist. You can build your own biscuit too which is awesome. I was pleasantly surprised and I'll definitely be back.
As a New Yorker from Texas, I can honestly say this food is real and good! Evidence the chicken fried steak.  The owners are genuinely nice, the place is clean, design is pleasing and the food is worth a trip from Manhattan.  I'll be back to try the red velvet cake and the chilequiles for brunch ASAP!
This place is Brooklyn's hidden gem! Let me preface this by informing you that I normally can't eat out due to having a lot of food allergies. But on special occasions I will let myself have a treat. So when I do cheat knowing that I will be miserable the next few days it better be worth it! And trust me Ive been to a ton of hyped places that were not worth it. After looking at a lot of places I decided to come here for my birthday. I brought a group of friends and even though it was a Saturday night without reservations we were able to be seated immediately. The food was amazing! I have found that it is hard to find good southern food in NY. But Beehive is the real deal. I had the fried okra, fried green tomatoes and the shrimp and grits. Plus a biscuit on the side. (Hey, I only get to do this once in awhile!) The biscuit was noms, the fried tomatoes were a little too spicy for me but my boyfriend loved them. The okra was good (maybe a lil overcooked, but still yummy and authentic). But the thing that blew my mind and made write this was their shrimp and grits. If you get this you will not regret it. The grits were creamy and velvety and the shrimp and sauce on top was extremely similar to Shrimp Creole, which is my favorite southern dish of all time. It reminded me so much of my grandmothers recipe. The shrimp were cooked to perfection and exploded with flavor. I was only a little annoyed that my friends kept trying to talk to me while I was trying to savor these bites. My friends had the build your own biscuits and all were in love. One got the chicken fried steak. This is a dish normally done quite different in the north than it is in the south, but theirs was the real deal. On top of all this the place was cute and the owner came out and was extremely attentive. They had had a little trouble with a chef not being able to show that day. Being a man down in the kitchen I can't imagine how much better it is on a regular day. I will definitely be back here for my next cheat day!!!! And I want to try that hummingbird cake next time!
Walked in here on a rainy 4th of July. Pleasant well lit atmosphere, southern oldies playing on the speakers, waitstaff is a mother daughter combo, friendly texan vibe. Ordered a fried chicken biscuit with fried green tomatoes and ranch and bacon with a prickly pear lemonade. Food came quickly and was eaten even quicker. Breading on the chicken was flavorful and the meat was very tender. The biscuit was flaky, the ranch certainly not from the bottle. great slaw as well. I will be back for sure!
This place is soo cute! Southern country decor in Brooklyn! Our waiter Nicholas started us off with the complimentary crudite platter that we just nibbled on at first, but  the homemade ranch dipping sauce was so good, i wanted morel!  I had the biscuit with chicken, collard greens and an egg, washed that down with the pear lemonade.  Very delicious and flavorful.  The staff was friendly, the owner John stopped to talk to us.  Great Sunday brunch, will be back.
Beehive Oven is a lovely addition to the neighborhood. A charming and authentic experience with THE most delicious food. We had the Ruby, a gloriously divine culinary treat. The corn was a lovely sweet and savory side that should not be missed! The beer and wine selection should make this place everyone's local watering hole: beverages, biscuits and jezebel sauce, pure joy. Not to mention the lovely and genuine staff and owners. A truly personal dining experience. Go for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, stay for the at-home feeling and fantastic food.
Breakfast here was amazing. John, the owner, came to talk to us and had great advice on what to do in Brooklyn. The food was good and they let you make adjustments as you please. Furthermore, the look and feel of the place are great! Would love to come back for a beer.
This place is done right! Such goood foooood! Not the most options for veggie eaters but what they do have is out of this world! Give this little gem a try!
Amazing Southern, hospitality vibes in this S Williamsburg joint. Vegan-friendly as they prepared me a large salad and corn on the con. My date indulged in 2x biscuit sandwiches and was asking for more the next day. Recommend!
What a wonderful restaurant!  Down to Earth, welcoming and just damn tasty.  Anything involving fried chicken and biscuits should be delicious but this place takes it to another level.  We shared the fried green tomatoes and three fried chicken and biscuit sandwiches: nettie, moselle and the 'michelle' which had pimento cheese on it.  The owners brought us some jezebelle sauce to try which had an apple horseradish base and was delicious.  Highly recommended!!!
Easily one of my favorite brunches this summer. This Texan family makes their own biscuits and jams in house and the result is delicious. I had their version of a croque madame on a bicuit with mushroom gravy, which was creamy but not too heavy. My meal was so satisfying. They serve great coffee and the staff and owners are extremely friendly and attentive. I'll probably go back for some fried chicken tomorrow!
I've never ate in, only takeout, but the place looks adorable.  The Nettie and fried green tomatoes are my favorite but i've had a few other things on the menu and they've all been delicious. Quality food and fairly inexpensive.
Come for the fluffy biscuits, stay for the fried green tomatoes, and order the picnic platter for the group. A cozy, friendly place with a great atmosphere.
If you are looking for legit Southern home-cooking, you've hit the jackpot here. I'm sure this place will make Adam Platts NY "Where to Eat" list within the first year they will be open. You know it's real Southern food when you don't have to add suger to your tea or salt to your grits. We ordered about 7 dishes and I was tempted to lick my plate. This place is incredible.
I almost don't want to give them a good review so they don't have 1.5 hour wait times like some other places but they deserve success.  We wandered in here last week and could not be more thrilled with how delicious everything was.  The chicken was crispy and moist.  The biscuits are so fluffy and buttery.  The jezebel sauce - YUM!  And then there is the buttermilk dressing.  Oh make sure to get the Prickly Pear Lemonade!!  Our server was attentive and friendly without being overbearing or annoying.
We loved it. Chicken pie is a must, shrimp and Cajun grits was delicious. Nice atmosphere, the owner is a gem.
Whoah. This place is amazing. I walked to pies n thighs for dinner last night but it was packed, on my walk home I decided to try this place. I ordered a fried chicken and bacon biscuit sandwich plus the fried green tomatoes. Both were amazing. I think that was the best biscuit I have ever eaten, the fried green tomatoes were also probably the best I've ever had.  They also have good beer. I am going to be coming back often to sample the rest of the menu.
After trying the food at Smorgasburg, I knew I had to stop in to the restaurant. As soon as you walk in the door, you feel welcome. I sat at the bar to place an order to go. Jon, one of the owners immediately greeted me and was so helpful and answered all my questions about the menu. Fried chicken biscuit with the jezebel sauce...amazing. Ordered the mini biscuits-HOMEMADE peach jam...so incredibly delicious. Loved my fried green tomatoes too-definitely will be back for sure(the red velvet cake looks soooo good) GO!!
