Managed to squeeze into the restaurant in the last minutes before happy hour.  Ordered the HH special which was fine - a handful of oysters to select from, freshly shucked and served with a tall glass of cold beer of your choice.  The linguine and clams is rich and decadent but not a godsend plate of pasta as everyone makes it sound and the grilled squid was fine.  The slivers of whiskey cake at the end is a nice little treat.   All in all, a cute little spot that is so so popular, however we found nothing particularly striking to warrant a return.
On my oyster kick - so glad I tried this place. Very small and cozy, we came around 7 and had to wait a few minutes for a table of two. Our waiter was awesome, we're familiar with oysters but he gave us a ton of recommendations and we went with everything he suggested. We also had the scallop special (entree) which was outrageous. The waiter was really into us (not in a sketchy way) but just because we loved the oysters so much and were so excited about the restaurant, that he kept bringing us 1-2 oysters to try that weren't on the menu. He also brought us a round of drinks on the house. We had a wonderful experience. At the close of your meal, you get a slice of whiskey (or brandy) soaked pound cake - also on the house. They serve this until they run out. I would have been back already if it wasn't for Fulton being down the block - this place is awesome.
I came here last night with a buddy to try some of the oysters.  We got there around 5:45 and we were told that we could leave our name and we would get a text when seats were available.  Bartender also suggested that we wait there and have a beer.  We opted to leave the place and wait for a text message, and boy was that probably the wrong decision.  Once we got to an establishment just a short walk away, we were told that seats opened up through text.  We texted back and asked to be alerted when the next seats were available.  And guess what... they texted us back again!  We hurried over.   The ambiance is great.  the selection of oysters is fab.  And seriously, an oyster deal on the weekends is bananas.  Although we did not get any entrees ourselves, the food that we saw that other patrons ordered looked amazing.  I cannot wait to come back here to eat their food. Also, love that she just gave us beer tasters of the beer we ordered without us having to ask -- truly impeccable customer service here.
Best oyster place in NYC. They have good selection of beer and oyster. And they do provide the tasty and fresh oyster for happy hour.
I've been back a few times since my first review and can say their linguine and clams is currently my favorite of any restaurant in NYC or Jersey.  I make it better at home, but aside from myself, no one comes close to Upstate.  Oysters are still amazing here, and the beer selection is always great.
It's worth the wait. If you want to go on a weekend night, plan on leaving your name and number and going somewhere else to grab drinks or an appetizer, because you will definitely wait. The staff is incredibly helpful and nice. The owner will take your number down and text you when your table is ready. He's so friendly and welcoming. Amazing selection of fresh oysters and beer. Definitely on the pricey side, but worth it.
Why does this have to be in the East Village... Man...craft beer, delicious oysters, and a small but tasty menu!  If this was in my 'hood, I'm 110% sure we would be there all the time.   Come here for happy hour and get a 1/2 dozen oysters (not your regular Blue Points and Malpeques) + a craft beer of your choice for just $12!  It's always super busy here during happy hour so, as with election time, come early and come often. If you happen to miss happy hour (sucks to be you), you can expect to get the same delicious beers for a reasonable price and be treated to delicious seafood dishes like grilled scallops and Cioppino. Add to all of this a super nice staff with great knowledge of beers and oysters and you're in for a good night!
I'm one of those people who hates restaurants that try to offer you a million choices and can't get a single one of them right. Upstate is the opposite. There are about 5 entree options (used to be 3) and they're always done well. The fettuccine with clams is garlicky crack. Obviously an awesome selection of oysters. Charcuterie plate is great and not just your typical prosciutto/chorizo/sopressata spread. The service is always amazing. Attentive and friendly EVEN IF YOU'RE NOT DRINKING. And actually friendly not saccharine rehearsed robot douche friendly. Everyone knows their product and seems to genuinely enjoy working there and it adds a lot to the experience.
Hesitate to write this review only because it is one of my favorite restaurants in New York and I don't want even more people to come and cause longer waits! Be prepared to wait a little but it's so worth it. Oyster selection is amazing, seafood is incredibly fresh and the service is outstanding. Beer menu is always interesting and the whiskey cake at the end of the meal is such a nice touch.
This is one of those special places that is great all around - food, service, drinks, ambiance, price. I came here for a night out with friends and we all loved everything. I especially recommend the crab cakes and linguine with clams, but it's all delicious! The price is reasonable too, especially for a seafood place. I'd recommend this place to any seafood and craft beer lover.
The oysters here are def. ON POINT and worth every dollar spent. Had a variety of east & west coast oysters. Our waiter Matthew was very good at advising us what to try. For appetizers we had the mussels (good) and crab cake (okay). Entree we had the uni, pasta, & scallop. Nothing there took my breathe away except their variety of oysters, I highly recommend it. The clams although tough was very meaty and I would love to try them raw next time but wont be having anything else. I do agree that the service is good here, the staff is very personable. However, I dont just go to a restaurant for good service, more importantly I like to enjoy my food as well and with such a long wait this place falls short on the wow factor. The food DID NOT LIVE UP TO THE HYPE.
WOW, this place is great. Small restaurant but has so much to offer. Our waiter was very helpful and obviously knew what he was talking about which is always a plus. I initially picked this place for the oysters and was hopeful that the food would be good as well. With the waiters suggestion we ordered the ceviche, which I'm not a big fan of but enjoyed nonetheless. We split the fettuccini with clams and the fish(really wish i could remember what it was called) but wow. The fish literally melted in your mouth and was served with a bunch of chopped up veggies which was a great garnish with the fish. The fettuccini definitely lived up to the hype as I read reviews before going. Overall this place was amazing and I'll definitely be returning.
I literally have nothing to say it was that good.   Ok, the Cioppino needs to be on the menu forever, its that damn good.  Everything was great from the servers, to the hostess.  If you are looking to do their happy hour, get their earlier.  We got to upstate at 5:15 and the place was crowded, always a good sign.  Plus they give you whiskey cake with your bill and it's delicious!!!!
How come no one told me about this place??? After the 481st review is certainly to late in the game to hear about this awesome happy hour ($12 oyster plus beer special every day, seven days a week, 5-7pm) Found it while trying to satiate my seafood salacity, as you maybe able to tell from my review of Harpers (my fried oyster dealer, from earlier in the day) on a bit of roll. Oysters live up to everything these other reviews say, and my clams were cooked in this sapid broth that had me practically drinking the bowl of remaining juice like it was my first cup of coffee in the morning. Nice atmosphere, small, so get there before you even think you might be hungry, and good service. The not so great part of my night-they charged me for the beer part of the oyster and beer special, but I didn't order a beer! Hey at $2 an oyster, really couldn't complain. Oh and did I mention the kitchen is CLEAN. Some seafood joints are...well, more focused on the shucking than the shining, not this place. Enjoy!
Great oysters and wine and beer an food and everything. It's a small place but really good. So small that they don't have freezers at all. Everything is ordered fresh at 4am! And by everything I mean 20 different oysters from east and west coast, fresh scallops, salmon, clams, and other fantastic seafood. Staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Great selection of wine and awesome beer too! Another interesting fact, the owner's wife bakes about 20 rum cakes which they serve as a complementary after dinner treat!
Two words: GO ASAP! I don't even know where to start... 1) I am not a beer enthusiast at all but the beer here was amazing! Not sure what I had because I just asked the waiter to give me whatever he liked the most and wow I was blown away!!! 2) The oysters are amazing..so fresh..so incredible! I'll definitely be back for happy hour!!!! 3) The fettuccine with clams -- I'm not a big fettucine person because it's usually too heavy for me, but this pasta was just the right amount of creaminess/cheesiness with a hint of taste of the sea. I loved it! You will most likely face quite a bit of a wait but it's worth it and you can stroll around East Village for a while and get some drinks here and there or some small bites to eat from one of the japanese eateries around there and you'll be contacted about your table in no time. P.S. service was impeccable! Our waiter was so friendly and helpful and his recommendations for everything were amazing
Great Happy Hour, wonderful oyster selection.
Fantastic little spot!  Great addition to the neighborhood. We needed a spot like this. Good variety of tasty oysters, great regional beers on tap, and a place where you can have an actual conversation with your partner. Loved the complimentary whiskey cake too. Will definitely be one of my new meet-up spots!
Very very pleased with my experience here. I've tried to come to upstate during another visit, but I couldn't manage the wait time. Once again, the wait was approximately an hour- but we were actually seated in 30 minutes! Once we sat down we were given samples right away of their beer. The samples were delicious, but we went for the wine. When we asked what red wine the bartender suggested, he quickly fetched two glasses of two different wines. The great service from the bartender didn't stop there- he saw that we had chosen oysters from the east coast but he gave us two additional oysters from the west coast to give us an overall experience. We should have expected to have loved his suggestion again. Our main courses were delicious. I loved the scallops special. It was cooked well and the flavors were not overwhelming. The zucchini was actually a showstopper, but tied in well with the scallops. My boyfriend had the mussels and enjoyed them as well. The meal ended with a complimentary plate of whiskey cake. It was insanely good!! Clearly I had an amazing experience and I do plan on returning soon. Bartender with the cap thanks for a wonderful dining experience!!
This place opened recently, saw a few good reviews, figured I'd check it out. Not much to say, was a very pleasant experience.  As expected in all regards. I like the small menu which results in better quality control and the beer selection.   Will return. This location has had a very high turnover rate over the past decade.  Lets hope this place sticks around.
Crowded, noisy, and fun.  We put our name on the list and got a drink at the divy underground lounge on the corner (90 1st Ave, $4 drinks until 9:00).  A short time later, a text came asking if we wanted to sit at the bar.  So the three of us decamped from a dive bar in favor of Upstate's classy one. Upstate's kitchen is small, and they shuck the oysters next to the bar.  Our perch afforded us a front-seat view of the action, a ballet of waiters, plates, and drinks. Our bartender cum waitress was a fantastic host.  I told her what we wanted: half briny, half sweet medium-sized deliciousness, and she delivered a perfect dozen (four varieties).  The oysters were fresh, clean, and delicious.  I like mine natural or with a drop of lemon or minuet sauce, and their minuet is particularly nice. We followed oysters with lox, served with capers, onion, mustard, and baguette.  It was like a salmon charcuterie, which we devoured in short order. I finished with the mussels.  They were well prepared (clean and not a beard in sight), perfectly cooked, and swimming in tasty broth.  (And if you run out of bread, just ask for more.)  I couldn't tell you what my friends ordered, I only know that they loved their dishes.  My attention was devoted to the mussels, which tells you how good they were. Upstate is intimate, the service is fantastic, and the food and drink are great.  Highly recommended.
Unfortunately, this place went downhill in regards to the food.  The oysters were good, but the cooked food really did not cut it this time.   The fettuccine with clams was not very flavorful this time.  I remember the first couple times I had it, I would get an orgasmic taste in my mouth but this time it was underwhelming.  We also ordered a fish dish which was also really bland.   The pros of this place is the assortment of oysters and their complementary rum cake at the end which is still delicious; however cooked items were sub par.  Service is definitely a plus; however I don't think this place is worth the wait :(
It was late-ish. Not really, but it was Sunday so many were back at home watching Breaking Bad or the Olympics. But we're rebels, hungry rebels. We quickly checked our trusty Yelp app and beelined over to Upstate - after 1st and 2nd choices were closed. Once in and seated, we had 5 mins to get our orders in - like I said, it was late-ish. There were several appetizing options on the menu, but we narrowed it down to the Scallop Ceviche and Shrimp w/Beans and Organic Rice. Both dishes were superb. The scallops were insanely fresh and the ceviche was actually a very grown up, sashimi version of the Latin delicacy. The Shrimp dish was also spot-on fantastic. Giant, delicious shrimp served atop a hearty bed of Southern style rice and beans. Full of flavor. Great ambiance and service w/a smile - no wonder this place has such stellar reviews.
Transcendental - in that a meal at this fantastic little restaurant even managed to transcend a tense, across-the-table psychological knife fight between me and my boyfriend. After 3 Happy Hour specials, he and I hadn't resolved our differences in the least. But we did agree: Upstate has the best damn oysters in town.
This place is all about excellent food, taste, texture, and the quality in their ingredients. Not too fancy, perfect for a week night, definitely I will become a regular. Wine is not their speciality, it is more beer oriented. We tried the crab cakes, the salmon and tuna tartar, the market fish and the fettuccine,everything was outstanding. This place ranks in my top five restaurants in NYC. I'm not a fan of waiting, but I I have to wait for a place to eat, upstate will be the one really worth waiting for.
Came here for the first time a little less than a year ago after discovering it on a stroll down 1st Ave and have been several times since saying "I've gotta come here more often!" Literally my favorite place in the city. I'm originally from Cape Cod so am often leery of oysters from anywhere in the city but gave it a shot here. AMAZING and so fresh!! I've been able to taste so many different kinds that really aren't available anywhere else in Manhattan. The happy hour special is awesome, you really can't beat 6 mix and match oysters and a pint for $12. The mussels are my favorite, you can get them steamed in any beer they have on draft! Octopus salad is quite tasty as well. Food is incredible, staff is sensational, Shane is wonderful, you literally can't get any better than Upstate.
FRESH. Oysters & Clams? Wide variety, Iced & Delicious. Ceviche of the day? Yup, not served traditionally but who cares when it tastes that good. And the Bouillabaisse, which did not skimp on the seafood & had broth that was bread worthy (for dunking) is a definite must order. Our service was good & friendly, no attitudes here, really relaxed vibe. Place is small so large parties may be difficult to accommodate. My only complaint is the wine list....they were out of Sav. Blanc so I ordered Rosé, it was pretty awful & had a strange finish. I ordered Proseco next (only comes in splits) this was also odd, it tasted like a prunes soaked in port? Ick. Our server miraculously found a bottle of sav blanc & served me a glass (compliments of the house). This wine was the only drinkable one on of the three. It was crisp & complimented our food perfectly. Upstate also has a great craft beer selection for those who prefer suds to grapes. As others have said, the complimentary whiskey (or rum?) cake is the perfect finish. I'll definitely be back. My only wish is that they would change their selection of white wines.
I tried Upstate for the first time around a year ago and was very impressed with the quality of food they provide. Now that I had another wonderful experience here, this place will be one of my must-go places in NYC. I live the happy hour here. 1/2 dozen oysters with craft beer for $12 from 5pm-7pm. They usually have a variety of both east coast and west coast oysters. They have around 8 different kind of craft beer, which seems to change, and every beer I tried paired well with oysters. You can pay extra $4 to get wine instead of beer, but I like to stick to beer cause $12 happy hour just sounds better than $16. The oyster shucking experts do a wonderful job here. It's really annoying when you get little pieces of shell in your mouth or when your oyster is only half shucked. I never had this sort of issues at Upstate. Oysters here are shucked to perfection. I also love their uni appetizer. Butternut squash purée with uni, egg yolk, salmon row and some greens mixed and spread over bread give an amazingly complex flavor. It's like a party in your mouth. If you like to drink and you want quality oysters without hurting your wallet, this would be the best place. I would recommend to sit at the bar cause sometimes you get something extra special that's not on the menu like a 7 year old oyster. It's quite a small restaurant, so if you're planning to hit happy hour, it's safer to come before 5:30pm to avoid waiting. Oh, and they give a piece of whiskey cake at the end of the meal, which is a wonderful free treat.
If I can give places with good food less than 3 stars for subpar service, I can also give more than 3 stars for great service and "okay" food. The service was stellar, 5 stars. All the waiters check on you and make sure you don't need anything. I'd love to say the food was just the same, but it's just okay. - Oysters were fresh, good, as to be expected at 3 bucks a pop. - Crab cake was good too, but no socks blown off here... - However, the fettuccine with clams was too oily, and uninspired. - Complimentary piece of small pound cake with a hint of whiskey flavor on it at the end. If you're not a whiskey, alcohol fan, it may turn you off, but it's not bad.
I would argue Upstate has one of the best selections of Oysters in the city.  If that dosen't peak your interest, add a ever changing beer menu, an amazing seasonlly inspired menu, and great service with an overall casual atmosphere.  The place is on the smaller side, but that benefits the patron as the food is delivered daily and never dissapoints.   Great place to stop in shoot a few Oysters and grab a beer (at a very reasonable price for happy hour), or sit down have a great meal and a good date to boot.  Can't go wrong with this place, put it high on the list of must-visits, if you haven't already.
This place is packed from the minute its doors open which is a good sign. For any oyster lovers, you'll be very happy with the happy hour oysters which smelled and tasted like it just came right out of the the ocean. My friends and I ordered the beer steamed clams, fettuccine with clams and the crab cakes. To be quite honest, the portions left me and my friends still not completely full but the quality of the food was so good we overlooked it and left to get dessert somewhere else.  However, they do provide a slice of whiskey cake at the end of the meal which was yummy! Can't wait to come back.
Not that these guys need another great reveiw, but this is a great spot.  We were regulars until we moved out of the neighborhood, but miss it a lot.  The food is delicious, and fresh.  The staff is always freindly and helpful, and the beer selection is one of the best out there.
Nice vibe. Waiter Matt was friendly & knowledgeable about their beer selections. Food: -Oysters were very fresh and very gooooood -Bouillabaisse had fresh fish and seafood but though it needs more herbs and seasoning for a clear broth. Overall nice! -Cod was really nice prepared. -Crab cakes were good. Service: Good Beers: Good This is a great seafood place. Go there you'll be very happy!
Stumbled upon this place walking around looking for Oysters and boy did we luck out. The bartender was super knowledgeable and went above and beyond with his service. I will be back to try other things on the menu.
You want unpretentious fresh seafood?  You must come here! We had the beer steamed half mussels and half clams, clam fettuccine, and striped bass!  All were excellent!!!  They also give you two tiny slices of whiskey cake, and they left a delightful taste in our mouths.   When I thought my night could not be any better, my boyfriend told me we were going to Chicklicious several blocks away!
Oyster and beer happy hour from 5-7pm,DELICIOUS. Crabcakes with honey habanero sauce...MAGNIFIQUE. Those thin slices of whiskey cake-a DELECTABLE tease. Get there at 5 people,it fills up quick!
Craft beer, happy hour oysters, and seafood shared plates - there isn't a better way to spend a weeknight with friends. I came here at around 6:45PM on a Wednesday night with another friend. The place was getting crowded but we were seated right away without any reservation. In just another 10 minutes, a line started to form outside of the restaurant. So we were quite lucky. We each ordered the $12 craft beer + half dozen oyster happy hour deal, then we ordered three ~$15 shared plates: crab cake, burrata salad, and cheese plate. Everything was very delightful and delicious. We also continued our craft beer chain-drinking - and yes, those black lagers were on point and hit the spot on the hump day. Great place, great happy hour and dinner menu, and great environment for a weekday evening.
Being an oyster lover, I'm not sure how I never knew about this place before. Had two dozen oysters between two people. The waitstaff asked for our preferences and chose a nice mix for us each time. The oysters were fresh and delicious and definitely the highlight of my visit. As per yelp recommendations, the fettucine with clams did not disappoint. I also had the sea urchin appetizer, which was quite unique- where we had to mix it with a raw egg and then spread it onto a crostini. A bit messy (they served it on a completely flat plate) but tasty as well. Was thoroughly impressed- now I need to come back for the amazing happy hour deal!
Should have gotten the salmon risotto. Full Disclosure: I'm not a big fan of small plates, but was on a generous per diem. High quality ingredients but eat something else before going (we did apps at Amelie) or else you'll leave broke, hungry, or both. I had the tuna carpaccio AND crab cakes, can't complain about either but have also had better of both. For example the crab cakes were breadier than hoped and the tuna didn't seem very high grade for size of cut/price.
Very friendly, helpful staff, cozy atmosphere, great food and beer...absolutely nothing to ding this place on. I'm of the opinion that 5-star ratings should be given very sparingly, and Upstate is worthy. I ordered some oysters and the scallop dish on the menu. I had actually never had oysters before this, because being from Indiana, I wanted to wait until I was actually on the east coast to make sure that I was getting them at the height of freshness. As a sushi lover, I figured it wouldn't be much of a stretch, and it wasn't, but that's still saying that I enjoyed them a lot and would definitely make a point to get them again. The scallops were wonderful, with a perfectly pan-seared crust giving way to the soft and buttery meat over a hearty, noodle-like bed of ribbon-cut squash and mushrooms. Delicate yet rich. Quintessential seafood. Would highly recommend for a date or casual business dinner!
This place was truly amazing ! Great selection of beers! So many option of oysters! Also, tried the cheese and meat plate which was amazing. I came in without a reservation because they were completely booked and they were not taking anymore names that night.  However, luckily some customers were running late so we got their table right away. Everyone was super nice and helpful! They gave us a list for oysters and we checked dozen to start off! It goes from light/small to big oysters on the bottom of the list. So we checked mostly on the bottom, which was so good!!!! This is for sure a place to come for oysters and beers! Great service! No parking, small space so travel light! Lol
Great dinner this evening.  The happy hour is great with a mix of oysters and craft beers.  Great way to start the meal.  The scallops were perfectly cooked, and also enjoyed the squid, salmon tartar, and crab cakes.   The atmosphere and open air feeling when the front is open was also great.  Will come back when in town!
3.5 stars. Just to give you an idea, there was still a wait at 6:10p on a Sunday during Labor Day weekend. After about an hour they called us up. The place is tiny and perennially packed. Welcoming vibe, though. They have solid brews: our Green Trail IPA and Citrus Saison were great. Too bad they were out - already at 7p - of the "He Said Baltic", their only porter. Crab cakes: delicious, among the best I've ever had. Salmon & tuna tartare: very good, I'm still salivating thinking about them. Squid salad: nothing special, kinda plain. Sea urchin: very tiny portion (just a bite), but fantastically fresh. We didn't order more because their menu is pretty small, and the list of entrees is almost non-existent. They don't offer anything else other than some pasta, scallops, mussels and 1 type of fish. It's a pity, bc everything we had was good. We were ready for more. But it's more of a pity getting up hungry after spending $80. Overall, I would definitely go back for appetizers, but nothing more. It's an expensive spot, and you should plan to go elsewhere and have a real dinner afterwards.
they dont take reservations but upon arrival was quoted a 90 minute wait and and hour and a half later we walked up and were seated....and they gave us a free app for our patience
Had high hopes, but the raw clams were not fresh at all. The place also lacked character. Disappointed.
This review is particularly for the oysters.  Came here for a couple dozen and they have an excellent selection from all over the US and Canada.  The decor is great even though I'm not a fan of high top tables.  Don't like the feeling of my feet dangling while I'm eating.  Wine was yummy and it's in a great location
The staff here is so friendly - the hostess, bartenders, servers - all of them!   You can see their camaraderie and knack for hospitality shine through in the way they treat both the patrons and each other.   Onto the food: -Oysters: HUGE!  That's a plus.  As for taste, my friend said they were just okay. -Scallops w/ Mushroom Risotto: I loved this!  The pan-seared scallops were so juicy and tender... I liked the scallops possibly more than my own dish: -Fish of the Day (Maine Skate Wings w/ potatoes, brussel sprouts, etc.): Yum.  I'd never heard of the fish before, but it's nothing to be scared of.  It's a mild-flavored fish that was delightfully pan-seared.   -Whiskey Cake: They bring this out for free with the check.  It's like pound cake with a very subtle hint of alcohol.  I liked it. The space: Cozy, dimly lit, nice wooden decor. One single-stall BR in the back.
Been here a few times and I just love it - the staff is so nice, the oyster selection is fantastic, the beer list is perfect, and the main dishes are reasonably priced and delicious.  If you like simply prepared seafood and the most laid-back atmosphere in New York, Upstate is a must. I feel like this is the vibe most New York faux-lobster shacks are grasping at.
I can totally understand why this place has the near perfect rating!  Super cute and cozy! Everything was so delicious!  The happy hour oysters (6 + craft beer =$12 of happiness).  We tried a couple of each of the 4 types of oysters that were being offered for the special and they all slipped and slided perfectly!  The uni appetizer and the tartares were also great to split!  The scallops were cooked so perfectly that I could've easily cleaned off another dish of them... and for only $18, I really should have.  I tasted a tiny forkful of the clams fettucine and had to refrain from cleaning that off too it was so good.  Hearty and tasty without being too heavy.   Wish I could get drunk off that free whiskey cake they bring you at the end of the meal!   Just a tip though, don't expect to wait at the bar while you're waiting to be seated.  Because it's such a tiny place, you need to have a seat at the bar or you will be in everyone's way..
The freshest and best oysters you will find in NYC. We live around the corner and come here all the time and are never disappointed. Great happy hour specials and great selection of beers. Staff is friendly and attentive. Sit at the bar if you get the chance! Complimentary dessert at the end is an awesome bonus.
The only reason I'm giving Upstate 5 stars is because I can't give them 6. We ate as a group of 4 tonight and everything was fantastic. The best adjective is inviting. The decor, the menu, and especially the owner all just tell you to sit down, relax, and enjoy yourself. The rustic atmosphere lets you focus on your meal and your company without imposing anything on you. And the food is smashing. Great flavor, reasonable portions, and extremely reasonably priced. Upstate is the place you can tell people, "I know a place" and impress them with this hidden gem.
I did not make it HH and it was my first time here. Nevertheless I'm compelled to write this raving review because of the food / dining experience. A friend and I came in late Sat. night and was given an 1hr eta for our table, but was texted to come over within 40 minutes. No worries, we found a dive bar nearby to have a drink and watch the other 20 y/o get crunk and try their pick up lines. They have a decent selection of craft beers. I'm no savant w/ beers lol ergo I could not deconstruct the aroma or feel but the beers I "sampled" were damn good. Our waitress was attentive, charming, and friendly. She recommended we try something new that we wouldn't ordinarily get, so carbs it is (I'm lying carbs all day). We had the crab cakes, the scallop of the day special, and fettucine with clams. The dishes were perfect: great for sharing. Overall I'm very satisfied with my experience at Upstate, and like that annoying ex I will come back again.
This exposed brick and wood oyster bar and restaurant is easy to pass by on 1st Avenue. It's tiny. Upon stepping inside, it's also easy to pass off as just another trendy looking restaurant. That is where expectations end, and you go Upstate, metaphorically speaking. This place is phenomenally cozy and a great deal for some fantastic seafood. I sat near the door, so I wasn't keen on most of the cold appetizers, including the oysters (more about that later). We got some of the small plates for sharing: Sea bass ceviche: It's a tender sea bass with a pretty salty broth, from the olive tapenade, capers, and cherry tomato. It's a really cool idea mixing the Peruvian dish with Greek elements, but it's not something I had a lot of, and I don't think I'd order it again. Panko crab cakes: These were like, "Oh hey, welcome aboard the H.M.S. Delish, where the crab cakes are always nice." They have a subtly corn kind of flavor and aren't cakey or too bready. The arugula they're nestled in is topped with a honey-habañero dressing, which is sweet and packs some heat, but the greens have enough peppery flavor to forego a fancy dressing. Didn't stop us from getting another. Charcuterie: Nice variation of different meats: prosciutto, cooked (and oh so tender) sausage, chorizo, and crisp pickles. Get some grainy mustard and the sailing's crunchy. Grilled octopus salad: By far my favorite item: a salad of crisp kale with blackened calamari and octopus tentacles. The dressing is a lot more subtle than the crab cake one (and here's a hack: run some of the charcuterie in it). Good for sharing, as tentacles are easy to divvy up. Salmon tartare: First thing: spread this on bread. I was getting more bread demerits than ever, but this raw salmon appetizer is better with a little crunchy bread. The fish's flavor is a bit subdued due to the soy sauce and ginger dressing. Some of the mains are also good for sharing, like the perfectly sized seared sea scallop special. Crisp on the outside and like butter on the inside. There's enough bounce in each bite to know these are cooked just right. They're Goldilocks scallops, with a butternut squash risotto that'd turn the Three Bears into plant eaters, if they had Tabasco. The risotto is autumnal and awesome, it just needs that little kick, which the waiters were happy to provide. The Prince Edward Island Mussels were the star. My god of the sea. Nomming Neptune, these were good and brought in a silver tureen. The meat's not gummy or sticky, and the broth is like a buttery beer, which I gleefully broke my carb fast to dip in bread. The bread's also good for scooping up stray onions or mussels who thought they could escape and defy mastication and rumination. Now, perhaps I'm a bit remiss in not getting oysters. At $2.75 a shell, they're my reason to go back. In fact, one thing I wondered the entire dinner was whose idea it was to cook up bottom-feeders in the first place. Questioning the oyster's origins and meaning of the bivalve. I guess you could say this place had a profound effect on me. The wait staff is excellent and attentive. They also communicate well and are completely willing to make accommodations or bring you more fun stuff. Speaking of, I tried a few bites of the whiskey pound cake, and while I'm not much of a sweets person, this thinly sliced (and boozy, I may add) cake was a decent dessert. Anchors aweigh on Upstate.
Loved this place. It was not pretentious at all, and had great beer and sea-food.  I am not an oyster expert in the slightest, and that is why I leave it up to the experts: the oysters were wonderful.  I also had the Scallop Ceviche, which happened to be the scallop special (but I believe it was priced as an appetizer). My father had the Bouillabaisse, which I definitely preferred over my dish, which was the beer steamed clams. Although the beer steamed clams didn't strike my liking completely, I have to give the place 5 stars because of the appetizers, beverage selection, atmosphere, pricing, and overall great experience.
Overall pretty good, but am I too spoiled? I feel like this place is overrated.... I had the following dishes: -6 oysters to start for happy hour-oysters are oysters. Unless there is something really wrong with them it's usually all-fresh -Clam fettuccine- pretty good, but the flavor was lacking a little bit? Not as creamy as I thought it would be. Hmmm I just felt something was missing -Squid salad- I liked the touch of the honey but again, I felt like it was lacking in flavor. -Scallops- scallops are usually my favorite. But after having had scallops at trait i can't compare them to anywhere else. Don't know what else to say. -Salmon/tuna tartar- I must have been hungry to order so much food without mentally preparing myself. I think they added in mustard seeds and sprouts as I could taste some of it in here...hmm...why...I had never had it in my tartar so I thought it was a bit strange as it didn't add any flavors to it. The texture of the seeds also threw me off a bit. Overall it was just ok -Comp whiskey cake- we asked for more and we didn't get any. =.= We ordered soooo much and couldn't spare any more whiskey cake? Wow. Also...I really didn't think that the waiter service was that great. Maybe the guy was having a down day but he was definitely not a happy camper and kind of wanted to rush us out...
Very nice.  I enjoyed the casual atmosphere, the trendy bar, and the fact that it is small.  Their 5-7 pm nightly 6 oysters (from a short list) and beer is a good deal and a real money saver.  I still think I would prefer to pick my own oysters as I looked longingly at our neighbor's table.  That said, they were all fresh, briny, creamy and delicious. The main courses did not speak to my culinary senses, as the (famous) clam linguine was a vat of butter and parmesan.  The bouillabaisse was not bad, but veryyy heavily relying on the huge splash of olive oil for flavor. The whisky cake at the end is a nice touch, even though Todd tried to steal mine. Overall, its a 4 because the oysters rock.  I would come back for beer/wine and oysters only and be a very happy muffin.
What to get: soft shell crab on kale and corn salas was superb. Well balanced, both in terms of flavors and textures. The scallops on the brown rice mushroom risotto was just as good. The oysters: they were good but not excellent. Definitely go for their easy coast selection which were more complex. The service: Great! Very friendly and helpful. Very patient with questions and quick to respond.
THERE WAS NICE EXPERIMENT.......... We came for the oysters and beer. And would have returned again and again. If only I lived in NYC. Delicious fresh oysters, happy hour specials on some, and a good, varied and not overwhelming craft brew selection that kept us happy. You can ask for a sample taste if you aren't sure you want to commit to a full pint. We also tried out some of the regular appetizers and they were delicious as well. It was crowded, we were told that it was up to a 45 minute wait but were texted within 10 minutes. Note that this place is busy so plan for a waiting period at happy hour. Service was top notch: friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. The warm whiskey cake with the bill was a nice top off to this experience.
I always love going here. We've ordered just about everything and enjoyed it all!
I would give this place 3.5 stars.  Came here with a friend on a weeknight and had to wait around 30 minutes for a table.  I am not a huge fan of oysters so maybe the appreciation is lost on me, but the beer I had was good and I like the general vibe of the place.  It's pretty cozy but well decorated, and the staff is very friendly -- a few different people came by to chat and check on us. I had the bouillabaisse and it was just ok.  Plenty of seafood (shrimp, mussels, scallops, clams) but the clams were really tough and impossible to chew through, and the broth could have been more flavorful - it didn't feel that different from a bowl of steamed mussels. In general I liked this place but probably wouldn't come back (my fault for not being a big oyster fan) - the happy hour special seems like a great deal for beer and oyster lovers though!
What is someone who refused to eat seafood for over two decades doing at a place like Upstate? It's a question I was asking myself as I stood outside the entrance to this East Village seafood restaurant, putting down my name and number with the hostess. We were quoted a half an hour wait, which was a pretty accurate estimate; in about that time, my phone lit up with a text message from the restaurant, letting us know that our table was ready. At first glance, Upstate isn't anything out of the ordinary. It's a cozy restaurant with a simple bar and dining room set up, best for smaller groups or pairs. The small space means that they don't accept reservations, so guests will need to be put on a wait list before they can be seated. Perhaps appropriately, the menu at Upstate is similarly compact, with daily East and West coast oysters, as well as a changing selection of Shared and Large Plates. My eyes were immediately drawn to the Crab Cakes, which I couldn't help by order. Each order has two generously portioned crab cakes with a crisp panko crust and  a side of rocket arugula topped with a habañero-infused honey. The crab cakes were executed almost perfectly; the crab meat was fresh and full of flavor, and the crust contributed some additional seasoning and a much-needed textural contrast to each bite. The pairing of spiced honey with the arugula worked surprisingly well, as the sweetness and pepperyness were smart foils to each other. The Scallop Special that evening featured four diver sea scallops plated over a brown rice mushroom risotto. The scallops were perfectly seared, with a dark brown crust and a tender, almost silken interior. They almost outshone the mushroom risotto, an earthy, creamy concoction that maintained the texture and chew of each kernel of rice. Slightly less successful was the Fettuccine with Clams. While the simple flavors of the butter, parmesan, and garlic were all in harmony, the sauce across the pasta coagulated over time, creating several messy clumps of fettuccine. Nonetheless, the clams were delicious and plump, and it's certainly a dish best consumed the moment it hits the table. Upstate has one of the most sought-after happy hours in the city, when guests can order a beer and 6 oysters for a mere $12. Needless to say, it's best to arrive early, or at least, prepared to wait. But not to worry; the dishes here are more than worth it, as is the sliver of whiskey cake that's brought to guests as the end of the meal. Not that it's necessary by any means, but serves to solidify the fact that regardless of how my first 21 years were spent, there will be return visits to Upstate in the imminent future.
4 1/2 stars. God freaking dam. Upstate, you really are a hidden gem in the East Village. After me and my date tried to get a table there, the guy kindly told us it would be 45-60 minute wait. Of course, we were too hungry so we decided to look for another place to eat while sitting down at the bench next to it. 5 minutes later, the guy comes out, sees us and offers us 2 spots at the bar since a party just left. Perfect. 7:01, we ask if happy hour deal is still on. Boom. We get the last batch. Blue points were whatever but their other oysters, which the owner told us that they were farm raised by a long time local, were delicious. Beer selections were phenomenal too unlike the PBR at Fish. We then opted for the Fettuccine with clams. Wow. It had plenty amount of clams in one bowl, pasta was done al dente, and the garlic and evoo were perfectly balanced to make this dish amazing. I'd highly recommend. The whiskey cake was just as good as everybody else said it was. Really moist and had a hint of whiskey flavor. Yum. I'd definitely return in the near future. Go.
I've been coming here since week 1, and I've had nothing but awesome experiences. The bar/wait staff are always great, and Shane is probably one of the nicest guys in the business. Once when we were leaving, we got halfway down the street, and I felt a tap on my shoulder. It was Shane apologizing that he was in the back when we left and thanking us for coming by. You just don't get that anywhere else in this city. He really cares about his patrons, and it shows in the high quality of food and drink. I hate scallops, but I love them here. The oysters are always amazingly fresh and delicious, yet somehow cheaper than everywhere else. There's always a craft beer worth trying, and the whiskey cake is a great way to end the meal. The tunes are perfect, and the atmosphere is welcoming. Do yourself a favor and just go already. Sit at the bar, order a beer, and fill up on oysters. You won't want to leave.
We absolutely loved this place. The food is spectacular, the beer list is great and the staff is extremely friendly. You can tell they love what they do. We had half a dozen oysters (they have the most extensive oyster menu I've seen), crab cakes, charcuterie board, clam fettuccine, and hake (fish of the day). The fettuccine was so delicious - hands down the tastiest thing we had. I wish Upstate was in our neighborhood because we would be regulars!
My boyfriend and I love this place! Awesome fresh seafood and great oyster happy hour. The only complaint I've ever had is the hostess we experienced recently. 20 something Asian woman, so completely rude! Wouldn't give us a wait time and wouldn't let the man ahead of us wait at the bar even though there was a ton of space..bizzare
My boyfriend and bff and I went to upstate b/c of an oyster craving- the staff here first of all are awesome. There were no tables, but the front house lady took our phone numbers and texted us when a table was about to leave. When selecting oysters sometimes the challenge is knowing what to expect- if you are able to describe what you want, the staff will get it for you. The oysters may be a bit pricey- they are totally fantastic. So fresh and delicious and the craft beer selection is amazeballs.
Happy hour oysters & beer!  I sat by the bar and the service was great.  If we wanted a table, we would've had to wait an hour or so. Cute & modern, small restaurant near stmarks. Very fresh oysters slurppp
Cool place. I went for the oyster happy hour and happily got there as soon as it opened - because an hour later it was packed. We ordered off the happy hour oyster menu because we wanted to try the others, and I was happy we did. That being said, the happy hour makes it too crowded! I'd go back .
Amazing seafood dinner. The selection of oysters is beyond amazing. I had no clue so I just randomly picked a few. Each one of them are different yet similar... I like them all. The scallop was amazing, cooked just right and no extra seasoning to over power the taste of fresh scallop. The squid salad over kale was also amazing. Everything is simple yet complex and just amazing. This will be my on my bookmark the next tune I come here.
Came here for happy hour on Saturday and was not disappointed.  Great selection of fresh seafood.  Friends got a collection of oysters.  My fiance and I opted for the mussels and crab cakes.  Finished the meal off with the meat and cheese plates.  Everything was great including the beer selection.   At the end of our stay, my fiance had a very unpleasant experience at the restroom with some drunken idiots.  The owner/manager and servers could not have handled it with more class.  They kicked the idiots out and took a round of drinks off the bill.  That takes this review from a 4 to a 5.  Highly recommend for food, drink, and great service.
Point taken. However, you do not comment on a review with a defensive strike. What does that say about the stellar staff? I understand NYC service industry is hard, I've been at it for over 8 years. 5 of which is in NYC. However busy it gets you find a way to make your customers feel welcome and want to come back. Check out the "owner's" comments on the LOW REVIEWS... he's either mocking the customer or just being plain defensive. Had it not been for their fresh oysters and the lovely woman by the door, the only pleasant amongst the stellar staff this would have been a zero star review. Remember, at this day and age we, at the service industry are at the mercy [kind of] of Yelpers. Unfortunately that is the truth. Word of mouth is still the best advertising but so is Yelp.
I really love their fresh Oysters. it was so good that we ordered more. However, I do not like their Fettuccine with clams. They used TOO much butter that I can barely taste the fettuccine.
**Dinner review** Upstate gets 4.5 stars, rounded way, way up.  My sister and I arrived around 9:30pm Saturday evening and was given a 1 hour wait - we were also last on the list of names, pretty much, before the kitchen closed at 11.  The hostess man texts when your table is ready, but we opted to stick around the area and were outside when our table was ready at about 10:15pm - was so, so, SO excited! Famished and overly excited, I proceeded to order too much food, but not really, since we managed to scarf it all down. The oysters - 5/5 - I probably could have eaten 20 of these by myself.  I know nothing about oysters so I told the waiter tell me about each of them.   Ended up with a couple larger east coast oysters and a west coast oyster... they were so fresh and so delicious. Crab cakes - 4/5 - that spicy honey arugula salad was to die for.  The crab cakes were meh - nothing beats a Maryland crab cake and these weren't comparable, sadly.  Still delicious, but not anywhere near comparable to the best crab cakes I've ever had.  Would liked to see bigger crab chunks. Steamed clams - 6/5 - if I could give more than 5 stars, this would get it.  Those clams were way bigger than I was expecting and they were tender and oh-so-juicy.  The beer broth was salty and flavorful and they gave you bread to soak in the yumminess.  I'd come back to Upstate every week just for these. Scallop entree - 5/5 - grilled over a bed of squash, zucchini, and mushrooms.  Sis had this dish and she loved it.  I had a bite of the scallops, grilled to perfection and the veggies, which were a nice and simple filler for the meal. Clam fettuccine - 3/5 - sadly, my least favorite of the night.  After seeing many good reviews, I guess I was hyped up and ready for some deliciousness.  I was hoping for something more like the Italian clam linguine, but it was not.  I guess I'm not much of a fan of fettuccine pasta to begin with, but the extra super buttery sauce with the breadcrumbs, onions, and cheese just didn't do it for me.  The bread stuff kind of reminded me of my favorite Stouffer's tv dinner dish, so maybe that's what ruined it for me.  The smaller clams were delicious, though. Complimentary whiskey cake - 5/5 - if you're a fan of whiskey, this stuff is for you.  You can definitely taste the whiskey in this - reminds of the the Jamaican rum cake from my cruise ship days. Despite a couple hiccups in a couple of the dishes, I still loved this place and know I will love this place the next time I go back and try some other stuff - that is, when I feel like waiting for an hour+ for dinner again.
This may be one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The menu is totally no bullshit, straight forward, and righteous. First off, this was my first time having oysters. The staff was MORE than willing to walk a newbie such as myself through the different textures, tastes, and consistencies i could expect from the different oysters they had to offer. They really helped me and my date make informed decisions and we were thoroughly satisfied with the dozen or so oysters we ordered. I prefer the west coast bad boys, but thats just me. Onto the entrees. She got the bouillabaisse, and I got the linguine with clam sauce. The bouillabaisse was good, no denying that, but the linguine with clam sauce was OUT frigging STANDING. One of the top five best pasta dishes I have ever eaten. Maybe it was the crack cocaine sprinkled throughout, but I literally have the shakes for it from time to time. I cannot wait to go back! Side note: they have a great draft beer list and the cake at the end is a really classy touche. Frick yeah, this place rules.
My friends took me here for my birthday dinner on a Friday night. It was pretty busy when we got there and had to wait about 15 to 20 min, which is fine. The only thing that kind of sucked was there were no AC inside but fans and a pretty small tight place. the food was great and in my opinion i thought it was the right portion. i would def come back for more!
** HAPPY HOUR REVIEW ** On our recent visit to New York, we stumbled upon Upstate's amazing $12 HH deal which included a craft beer and 6 oysters (per person). After reading through a few reviews via Yelp, we decided to arrive at 5PM (when they open) to score a seat. We were promptly seated and served, and about 30 minutes into service the restaurant was packed! After sharing a variety of 12 oysters and washing them all down with a couple beers, we ordered the Cured Salmon with Crostini (delish) and our meal ended with a complimentary piece of whiskey cake. Our server was attentive and helpful and I loved the communal bar area. If you happen to swing by the East Village and are around during HH time, I'd highly suggest checking this place out. I managed to swoon my beau into "loving" oysters after dining here!
Happy hour oysters were decently priced (oysters+beers), and the fish dishes were outstanding. Very fresh, well seasoned and sauced, very much a treat. There was a 15 minute wait at 6pm on a Thursday night for our party of three, which wasn't bad, and the place was bustling throughout our stay. Good service, yummy food, I'll be back!
I've been wanting to check this place out for quite a while and finally went last night.  The room is ok, but a little cramped.  The service is good though one of the staff kept hitting our food with a dirty rag he had in his back pocket when he would wait on neighboring tables.  The Oysters we had were very good, they were fresh, served perfectly, and they had a nice variety.  The other food we got was awful.  We shared a squid plate, and some salmon tartar and didn't finish either of them.  We each had two drinks and our bill for 10 oysters and 2 small plates was about $100 which I guess is normal but seemed ridiculous at the time. I will go back but only for the oysters and beer.
Upstate has been on my list to try for one of the longest time. Since it was my treat for 2 of my girlfriends' birthday, I used this opportunity to kill 2 birds with one stone. Upstate is a small restaurant that can serve about 35 customers. My original plan was to get there by 5 in order to grab a table, but one of the birthday girls was extremely late. (FYI-they do not seat you until the whole party is there). But no worries, we decided to just eat at the bar and I couldn't be happier with the result. We were able to chit chat with the owner and he was kind enough to share complimentary chicken pate amuse and tastings to the newest craft beer on tap (I personally loved the ginger one but forgot what it was called). Upstate has a limited menu but everything was very fresh. We ordered maybe half of the dishes from the menu ;) Food wise: 1) Happy Hour Special was 6 oysters + 1 craft beer for $12. We ordered 3 rounds of it and our favorite choice was the tomahawk oysters. 2) Crab cakes were lightly seared to perfection and they weren't as breaded as most places so you can really taste the chunks of crabmeat. 3) The Wild Clams baked in beer were plump and they gave us at least a pound worth of clams. 4) The Scallop Special was my favorite dish for the night. The zucchini, squash, and roasted mushrooms made great sides. 5) Roasted Pollock (in cod family) was also good but the corn they used was absolutely amazing and sweet. 6) The complimentary whiskey cake at the end was delicious too. They even put a birthday candle on it for my friend. 7) Uni was probably my least favorite dish and I wasn't a big fan of the caviars. However, my friends found it interesting. Overall, I had a fantastic time!
I've been here twice so far.  It's actually en route of a favourite restaurant I frequent.  If I don't have oysters by the time I pass by Upstate, I usually pop in for a bit. Oysters, Oysters, Oysters.  The oysters are fresh and well shucked.   Beer: Their beer list is awesome.  I went one night when one of the brew masters were in town (I forget exactly which brewery), and he came by our table to give us a heads up on the beers to try out.  One being a maple, and the other being a 10% ABV stout (amazing). And to finish the meal off, there's the Jameson Pound Cake that's just so good. I'm looking forward to more visits here
Let me preface this story - one of my best friends, both of us being from upstate NY, were was in town visiting me and we were heading to meet some people in the city for drinks.  Neither of us had eaten and I figured I'd just take him over to St. Mark's to some of those little food shops near 1st.  That was until we walked by upstate.  I told him I had heard of it before - upstate beer and oysters - probably two of our top 5 favorite pastimes together.  Then we went in... It was pretty crowded (a Saturday night, duh) but the wait staff was really friendly and offered us a spot near the beer taps while we waited (they obviously knew the way to our hearts).  We waited maybe 5 minutes before a table opened up. Now, we love oysters.  LOVE THEM.  Maybe more than beer (let's not get silly).  Upstate's selection is incredible.  They have oysters from all up and down the East and West Coast, including Canada.  We ordered a range of oysters, a couple more brews and dug in.  About halfway through our delicious oysters the manager brought us over about a dozen more, on the house.  We jumped on some cajun grilled shrimp with what I believe was an andouille sausage rice pilaf.  And then after all that, got another half dozen oysters. Between the oysters, the brew and the incredibly friendly wait staff I will be back here many times.  We even made the group we were meeting come to us - and they thanked us all night.  For any occasion (even a quick brew and a few oysters after work), this place fits the bill.
Upstate deserves all the hype. Especially with all the culinary hype everywhere it's refreshing to discover a place that actually lives up to it. It is a small place and they don't take reservations but they're really good about texting you back when your table is ready. Just make sure you factor this in before you arrive. Oysters are so fresh and beer selections are absolutely fantastic. The fettuccine and clams dish was garlicky goodness and the scallops with risotto another winner. It's because of places like upstate that I continue to dine out frequently, to find gems like this!
I love everything about this place. I felt so at home here. It's tiny but not cramped...cozy. .the wood bar is awesome. exposed brick is charming. Bartender/waitress is my new best friend; she is SO sweet and down to earth. The cheese plate was DIVINE. not skimpy with small samples like the cheese boards I've encountered at most places. 4 awesome cheeses that complimented each other. Oyster happy hour is a GREAT deal. such a delicious, fresh variety to choose from. Great beers, great music. Too bad for me but good  for them that it's already been discovered; I got there at 6 and it was empty, by 7:30 not a seat was available.
This place is good, but nothing overwhelming.  Their oysters are top notch and the other seafood dishes are pretty good.  The reason this place gets bumped up to 4 stars; you can pick your beer and they will steam your muscles with it. I like any oyster bar where they keep a chalkboard of their oysters and actually scratch them off after they run out.  If you've ever been there on a busy night, it can sometimes feel like you are trying to race other patrons to get the last group of oysters.  To me, this is a sign of very fresh seafood.  Any menu that permanently displays blue points, malpeques, etc. would not have the turnover adequate to always be presenting the freshest of oysters.  So, while it can be frustrating losing out on some nice Fannie Bay's, you know that whatever you get will be fresh.   Oh yeah, Whiskey Cake too.
As usual, I can't remember the exact beers [1] or oysters we ordered as I had quite a bit to drink by then (I'm out of shape, I know). But! Here's what I do recall: They have a smashing Happy Hour deal with 6 oysters + beer for $12! Only the oysters in BOLD count towards the HH, everything else you pay by the shell. Oysters range from $2.50 to $3.00. According to their website, they don't have a freezer so the oyster varieties change daily. But give East Coast a chance! We tried the West Coast oysters first bc they usually taste better; to our surprise, there were two East Coast oysters that we absolutely LOVED. I'm pretty sure that deeelicious complimentary whiskey cake at the end brings in more tip. Just saying. [2] It got crowded pretty quickly during HH so try to come early. Can't wait to come back for dinner! [1]: I've since started to "check-in" the beers I drink on a handy-dandy app! Not remembering won't be an issue anymore I hope. [2]: Um, where can I buy this whiskey cake?? Can this be my birthday cake?
My friends took me to Upstate for a birthday dinner (it was on a list of places I'd never been to before). It was a Friday night, so there was a bit of a wait. They told us an hour, so we went to another bar for some drinks. Came back in an hour, and there was still another 15 minute wait, as a table of older folks refused to leave. The guy who took our names was really cool about it and apologized. It really sucks that they don't take reservations! I even asked them about it on Twitter. Once we sat down, everything was great. It's dark without being too dark (a lot of good ambient late summer light still shone through the open front wall). It's chatty without being too loud for a decent conversation. And the mostly wooden decor reminded me of being in a cabin... a cabin Upstate. They had a Saranac white IPA on tap, which the waitress said was her favorite, and it was pretty tasty. For appetizers, we started out with some oysters as recommended by the aforementioned waitress. We had a mix of British Columbia and Rhode Island ones. All very fresh, but I would not be able to pick the specific varieties out of a lineup for you. We also shared the cheese platter, which was decent but nothing extraordinary. In this group of friends, we always get something different to get the most variety out of our meals. I had the soft-shell crabs, another friend had the clams/fettuccine, and the last friend had the shrimp risotto (I think). The soft-shell crabs were delicious. Crispy and not too salty, served with a ton of corn on the side. My buddies also let me try their clams and shrimp (head-on and pretty jumbo), and both were easily as good, with the clams edging out the shrimp. Of course, afterwards, we had some whiskey bread to cap off the meal and said our goodbyes to the gracious waitress. All in all, a great meal topped off by the fact that my friends paid for it!
There are tons of east & west coast oysters to choose from here. The waitstaff is really knowledgeable and will answer all of your questions about how they taste, where they're from, which craft beer they pair best with, etc and make a recommendation.  I split a dozen various east coast oysters with a friend. I highly recommend doing a sampling of different types and trying a couple of different craft beers.  The scallops were superb as well.  At the end of the meal, the owner came by with complimentary whiskey cake & chatted with us which was a really nice surprise! I heard sometimes his wife makes chocolate cake instead of whiskey cake too.  Overall, a really delicious & pleasant experience, will definitely go back. Check out my official review of Upstate here + other picks for NYC oyster spots: goodlifereport.com/dinin…
I'll keep it short and sweet. Go for the scallops. It's delicious. Oysters are not always cleaned properly and you may end up eating some sand...
Found my new favorite spot for happy hour oysters.  The deal is $12 for any six on the half shell and a beer between 5-7 daily.  They have both a great selection of oysters and craft beers to choose from.  A word of warning though...the small space fills up quickly and since everything is really fresh they can/will begin to run out of certain items. These are really some of the best oysters I've had in the city.  Their regular menu items are great too.  We had ceviche, Charcuterie, cured salmon, and a calamari salad. Finished with complimentary cupcakes. Great staff and service.
I'm obsessed with seafood.  A casual hobby of mine is finding new great seafood places in the city.  Upstate is in my top two.  Great oysters, and my favorite dish is the fettuccine with clams; simple, direct, delicious.
Fantastic food, service and reasonable pricing- what more can you ask for. I was really debating if Upstate would live up to the hype and if that would mean a 5 star review. Until we received our check I was on the fence and would have likely given a 4.5 rounded down to a 4 but when we got cake as a complimentary dessert to wash everything down I was overjoyed. This was a thin slice of cake but it was so good and satisfactory. Why doesn't everyone do this? Anyways, we ordered beer and oysters for happy hour. Such a great deal and their beers are so good- love the local selection. The squid salad and the salmon tartar were my favorites. The tune was okay but a little too salty (capers) for my taste and wish I'd just gotten two salmon apps. Will definitely be back here and I hope they have a crab special which is really what i was craving on this nigh (and I guess I still am).
3.5 stars. 4 the 1st time I went; 3 the 2nd. Decent beer selection, tasty oysters, & good seafood. Service is ample. Wait for table & food can run a bit long. Portion size somewhat meager. With so many options in East Village, not sure the next time I'll be back.
Just stumbled upon this place last night after a show and WOW. LOVE. Being a Long Islander, I love shellfish and am a total snob when it comes to them.  This place was off the charts fresh and clean!  Had some Sandy Points and some West coasters that were out of this world. The ceviche was so good, I could have ate 3 pounds of it!  Made with Long Island cod, it had a simple olive oil and spicy tomato base. So delicious.  Chris, the bartender.....she rules. Love her. Total sweetheart, everything she recco'd was amazing. I finished with the fettuccine with little necks. So simple it was genius.  Two words: AL DENTE. Finally! A place that does something so simple that it makes the dish!  The presentation was key: a dozen half shell clams in a perfect circle that way I get to eat one at a time and not have this big mess in the bowl!  SO DELICIOUS. I will be back. I have to. Bravo, Upstate.  You rocked my world! ps-THE ENTIRE STAFF RULES AS WELL. So friendly and funny! Thanks for the whiskey cake.  A very nice touch.
Came here for the first time on a Sunday night with my friends. We arrived at 7 pm and the wait was about an hour for 4 ppl. The space is small and they don't take reservations, so the wait is understandable. I recommend coming on a weekday. After an hour for the table, we waited about 25 minutes for all our food to come out at once. Between 4 girls we had: Sea urchin - 2 pieces of uni served with toasted baguette, raw egg yolk and fish roe. The uni is sweet but 2 pieces of it is not enough for the amount of bread served. fettuccine with clam - pasta is perfectly good and coated with butter and garlic in every bite.  There is so much butter in it that I couldn't even taste the large amount of garlic. Good for butter lovers but not so much for me. Ciopinno - has an awesome seafood tomato broth going on, this dish was very comforting and warm. Only bad thing was that the shrimp was overcooked and there was no carbs to soak up some broth. It would probably taste amazing with rice noodles,  but we made do with the bread leftover from our appetizers. salmon and tuna tartar -  a lot of capers going on with the salmon tartar, I enjoyed the tuna more. House cured salmon - love it but it is too salty to eat without the bread and onions :) highly recommend! Whiskey cake - strong whiskey taste! I recommend coming here for an intimate occasion, maybe like a 3rd date, because the wait for a table is too long for a first date on a weekend, or come here with a friend that enjoys a nice selection of craft beer and oysters.This place has nothing but seafood on their menu, plenty of options between their many fish dish and oyster selections. Oysters here go for about 2.25-$3 per. Happy hour is 5-7, $12 for 6 oysters and a craft beer, which seems a bit pricier than other oyster happy hour spots but I would come back to try their oysters just to see what it is like; plus I really want to try their charcuterie. Tldr: this is a dinner date place, come here and enjoy a seafood meal with craft beer which is worth the money. Nothing is over $20 a plate.
There's absolutely nothing bad I can say about Upstate. Nothing. Everything from start to finish of our meal was fantastic - from service to food to pricing. Their Happy Hour is perhaps the best deal around when it comes to selection. You get your choice of 6 West Coast or East Coast or mix-and-match of oysters plus a beer for just $12. I really don't know anywhere else you can get that type of selection at that price. Their West Coast oysters are phenomenal! So sweet and fresh - and all perfectly shucked and cleaned. Add on a bowl of their fettuccine with clams and you're good to go. I really loved how despite the fact that there was a waiting list for tables, we were never rushed. Our waitress checked back with us often to see if there was anything else we need. Service was impeccable. I'll definitely be back - with friends!
The wait staff here are so sweet. Got there a few min before they opened and they let me sit down. Had Madeline, Caraquet, Salty Aire, Matapoisette oysters and Had Saison Vos beer. Oysters were fresh and beer was good. What more can you ask for. Oh and they have whisky cake. It's like pound cake that tastes like whisky.
I'm so sad it took me forever to try this place, it's SO good. Okay so - 1. If they have the watermelon beer, get it. it's AMAZING. 2. We shared like 5 dishes but they're all SO good. Scallops, oysters, calamari, the fish stew, the clam? linguini, crab cakes, everything was STELLAR. Next time I definitely want to try their tartare. I walked by a table while I was going to the restroom and omg it looked so good. Tips: Go really early or really late. It's really small and you will have to wait for a long time during prime time dinner. The service was great. Wait staff was super friendly and nice. He gave us great recommendations and sympathized with our super long wait because the table ahead of us just would not leave. Also, they charged my phone for me because it died. Thanks for that. Definitelyyyy would go. No hesitation.
I have my husband to thank for our recent visit to Upstate. As he put it, "A restaurant that specializes in craft beer and oysters? I'm listening." We arrived around 8 on Saturday night, and waited at the bar for a table to open up. The bartender was really friendly, and the beer list was terrific, as advertised. We were seated at a tall table by the entrance (I suppose they're all "by the entrance" in a small restaurant!), and started with a house cured salmon plate. We've been on a cured salmon kick lately (hey, we're odd ducks), and Upstate's didn't disappoint. We ordered a dozen oysters off their extensive menu (we're talking the longest I've ever seen). They were very fresh, and it was fun to compare the different varieties. At the end of our meal, our waiter brought over slices of complementary pound cake with small glasses of milk stout. It was so appreciated, and rounded out our excellent experience.
My bf and I enjoyed this place.The staff was very friendly. We had oysters,very fresh! House cured salmon I love the combination of everything the sauce the bread and the salmon soft and melting.Scallop risotto I love the sweet potatoes and mushroom in it.and last fettuccine clam the best!!!!! full of flavor ! Def come back soooooon!
If I could sum up my experience at Upstate in one word, it would be simply be: Amazing. (So glad Nick T. made the suggestion!) We arrived just after Upstate opened - just as it's "happy hour" was just getting good. As expected, the place was already packed and we were given a 45 minute wait. Fortunately, we were seated at the bar after 20 minutes and just decided to set up camp there. The pearl for this oyster ('scuse the pun) is the oyster happy hour; A half dozen amazing oysters, a nice draft beer for $12. It was so good in fact, that we went for an extra round. That extra round was followed by House-smoked salmon (also amazing), the cevice (pretty good), and the scallops with risotto (melted my heart!). Of course, there is the special complementary dessert to finish it all off. Our experience was amazing - from food to price to service to cleanliness. Until next time.
Oh, Upstate. Our first encounter was amazing. So amazing, in fact, that I broke my "no raw seafood on the weekend" rule during my second visit. And overall, my second experience was pretty darn good, but you slightly fell from grace. I came here the first time for the raw bar, which was nothing short of amazing, not to mention the best and most reasonably priced that I've had in the city. It was so good, that I brought my girlfriend back on a Sunday afternoon after we'd seen Blue Man Group. But on this Sunday, three of my raw clams were off, to the point where I had to spit them out. Compare this to my first visit, when all of my raw oysters and clams were perfectly sweet and briny. I know that's not really your fault tho. You can't sample a raw clam before serving it and fresh seafood is generally a little harder to get on the weekend. Besides the raw clams, we also tried the Fettuccine with Clams and the Beer Steamed Mussels. The Fettuccine with Clams were an interesting variation on the traditional Italian dish. If you've ever tried making this at home, as the recipe is on their blog, something is definitely left out of that recipe. But, you can't blame them for that. The version of this dish served in the restaurant had a little something extra in it, something that made it worth coming in for. The Beer Steamed Mussels, on the other hand, were a bit of a disappointment. The mussels weren't rancid or anything, but the broth was completely bland and did nothing to enhance the flavor of the mussels. As with last time, no complaints about the service. Everything was great and our server even took the three inedible clams off of our check. After we'd finished our meal, she brought us some complimentary whiskey cake which was really delicious. I wouldn't have expected this dish from Upstate at all. Anyways, even though my second visit wasn't as good as the first, this is still a place  I'd return to.
The clam fettuccine will cure cancer, bring world peace, and end global poverty. This is my favorite restaurant ever.
A big problem with this place is the popularity and their refusal to take reservations. We came here the first time, were turned away, then came back a few days later, put our names on the list, and still had to wait an extra half hour after the estimated time given to us by the hostess. Once inside, however, this place is at once very affordable and very expensive depending on what you get. All beers are $6, which is nice considering they have a very eclectic selection. On the downside, regularly priced oysters start at $2.50 and go up from there. (Try the happy hour if you really want to try their oysters. I wouldn't do it on a regular basis.) Their raw seafood plates are a bit disappointing. The portioning is not that generous, and I feel like their ingredient choices for the raw seafood resemble sushi ingredients enough that I invariably make the comparison. And my judgment there is that I would sooner go to a sushi place to eat those things, I do not prefer the western way of eating those ingredients. For example, we had a 'scallop ceviche' that, while it came with nice tasting scallops, had a dressing that was entirely too sour and strong which completely blew away the subtle flavor of the scallops. On the positive side I feel like their main (cooked) dishes are their strong point. We had the highly recommended linguine with clams and it was amazing, the clams were the freshest I have ever had in an italian style seafood dish. Others in our party got grilled fish fillet and seared scallops and they were really happy with those choices. Finally, the whiskey pound cake at the end was a really nice touch. I would definitely love to come back here and have more good beer and more main dishes and more whiskey pound cake. I'd also love to try the soft shell crabs that I see on some of the Yelp pictures here. The rest I can do without. :)
Oh, oysters. An essential item of an East Coast trip is a tasting tour of East Coast shellfish. I particularly wanted a tour of East Coast oysters. A year ago, I had a great time at the oyster bar in Grand Central Station, and learned a lot, but I needed a refresher course. Given the higher yelp ratings of Upstate, I had to make the trek from UWS down to check this place out. Unfortunately, the waiter wasn't well versed in oysters and could barely tell me about the flavors of the different types, and tried to steer me toward West Coast oysters as they are 'milder' in flavor. Um, I get West Coast oysters on the West Coast, thank you. My guess is that he's new or not an oyster enthusiast. I was a little disappointed with his lack of knowledge and enthusiasm for them as I was plenty enthusiastic, so I just guessed and ordered a few varieties to attempt sorting out the East Coast oyster scene. All in all, I loved the oysters! They are meatier, literally, there's more chew to the meat. A couple of them were indeed a little too briny for me, but some of the 'gamey' ones were quite flavorful. Our waiter, who had a certain disheveled, borderline mangy, lost-puppy dog charm, also misheard the order of 'boulibase' as simply 'bass'. We were shocked when he brought out bass, and it was a little bit of a wait for the boulibase, but some lucky couple at the bar got the bass. (Glad to have made their night - the bass looked amazing!) When the boulibase came, it was strikingly similar to the mussels, except with the addition of a couple of shrimp, two scallops, and some calms. It didn't have tomato broth, was slightly overdone, and wasn't nearly as tasty as all the other boulibase I've seen and had. I have to admit after seeing the bass and other entrees walking by, I was wishing rather than ordering both steamed mussels and boulibase, we ordered only one of them and then either the bass or a different fish dish since the mussels and boulibase were so similar. I'm not sure if the whiskey cake is always complimentary or if it was served to us because of the entree mix-up, but it's definitely different and worth a try. It did seem a tad too dry and could use a caramel sauce or other sauce, but it was free, and the flavor itself was unique and tasty, so no complaint. I really appreciate how all the servers checked on our table and thought that they handled the miscommunicated-entree pretty well. Despite a couple of bumps, the experience was overall positive, and now that I know about the happy hour, Upstate will definitely be on my short list (along with the Crosby St hotel) for a return visit when I'm in NYC. There are definitely all the ingredients here for a 5-star experience here.
I feel like it's necessary to give this review because it truly goes to show how much good service can turn an experience right around.  I planned a birthday dinner here for my friend and two of our friends because I had heard so many excellent things about Upstate.  As discussed in earlier reviews, there are no reservations, which can lead to a lengthy wait.  I don't have a problem with that, as I was aware of the no reservations policy; however, we waited 3 hours. The hostess was inattentive and unfriendly.  When we finally were seated, we were pretty frustrated. This is what marked the turnaround: our server and the owner of the restaurant came over as we were sitting down to not only apologize, but to give us complimentary drinks.  We had many laughs and great, attentive service the rest of the evening.  It ended up being a wicked birthday for my friend! The food was incredible and the oyster selection is seriously impressive.  After working in the seafood/fish market industry for several years, I appreciate a restaurant that takes the time to find and prepare fresh and tasty fish. Kudos to the chef for whipping up truly innovative dishes! We loved this place and will certainly be back soon.
OH MY YUMMINESS!! This place is AMAZEBALLZ! STOP reading and just give it a try! I love LOVE love this place. We ordered 9 different dishes and everyone was ohhhhing and awing over their dish. Happy Eating.........
One word sums up my experiences at Upstate. Wow. I absolutely love the food here. The only thing I wish I could change is the size of the space, and that's to avoid having to wait so long for a table since they don't take reservations....they're killing me with trend! The seafood is so fresh and every thing I've eaten here has been amazing. The happy hour deal is amazing. $12 for half a dozen oysters and a beer. I just wish I could sub a glass of wine instead! As for the food, hands down one of the best lobster dishes I've ever had in my LIFE. I destroyed the food that was on my plate. I even ordered it again on my return trip. I guess I'm not adding anymore than what's already been said. Upstate is phenomenal and I have returned several times, and will continue to do so.
When you spend only $60 on a meal for two on a Saturday night in NYC and can leave feeling like you had a unique dining experience, that is something really special.  The atmosphere was laidback, and the entire staff was friendly and attentive.  The whole place smelled of garlic, butter, and seafood.  The food itself was fresh and delightful, especially when paired with craft beer.  We were even given complimentary whiskey cake and drinks at the end of our meal!  What a treat!  I'm telling you, I left feeling like I had an amazing EXPERIENCE, not just a dinner out.
Yea this place is pretty cool. Not much of an oyster person. But as a first timer it was a pleasant experience. Service very friendly.
OMG I freaking love this place. Although the oysters are slightly more expensive than my other favorite spot, Fish, in the W Village (it's $8 at Fish, $12 at Upstate), it's still amazing. Unfortunately, all of New York knows it's amazing too, so the wait is sometimes up to 2 hours. I came in right when they opened and there was no wait. I also came here after work (after 7pm) and it was packed, one-hour wait. I came yesterday at 9pm, and it was 1.5 hours wait. So, basically, there's always a wait. Tip: The folks at Upstate are happy to take down your phone number and will text you when your table is ready. The people at Fish, do not. The good thing is there are lots of bars on 1st Ave and you can walk into any of them while you wait. I usually order the oysters, crab cakes, and clam fettucini. I wasn't a fan of the ceviche, however. It was in a curious red sauce, and I like my ceviche nice and lemony and tart. Dinner for two with 12 oysters, drinks and a few appetizers and one main course costs around $120, which is totally reasonable.
I came to Upstate after reading all the yelp reviews about its whiskey cake. I went to Upstate at around 9pm and it was packed. Luckily my girlfriend and I got a table because someone decided to walk away from their reservation. We ordered 4 oysters, fettuccine with clams and the shrimp day special, which was tiger prawn on cajun rice with kidney beans. The oysters were very fresh and had an ocean salt aftertaste, and the entrees were very delicious too! I also had a Southampton Double White beer, which was recommended by Matthew. The beer was not too rich, not too light. It was just the perfect drink to go with seafood. After all the delightful food, I forgot about the whiskey cake. Thankfully, Matthew didn't forget about it and we had two slices of delicious whiskey cake. Originally I thought the cakes would be soggy or too spicy, but they were just pure yummy. Even my girlfriend who hates alcohol said she likes the cakes (my girlfriend never uses words like love, so like is a huge compliment from her). After our cakes, Shane gave me a free glass of Java Head Stout. It was a mix of beer and coffee, and my it was the perfect after dinner drink! This meal went so well that it is perhaps one of my favorite restaurants in NYC now. Bon appetite!
I like their salami plate. Great combo with their craft beers. Oysters have seasonal choice I can recommend to you
This place has an amazing selection of fresh oysters. The list is always changing and rotating so there's always an opportunity to try something new. My favorites this time: Brewsters and kumamoto. The mussels and clam garlic linguini were also amazing. There was a great selection of craft beers. I recommend the pumpkin one at the moment. To finish things off, we were given complimentary whiskey cake. Cake & booze, who wouldn't love? Without the happy hr special, the oysters can get a little pricey, but for me it's still worth the money.
Amazing happy hour deal! Unique brews & fresh oysters. The service was surprisingly special and friendly - something I didn't expect for an east village hole in the wall. The food is casual but delicious, very comfortable for a casual night out. The place is small but once you're seated, very comfortable. Definitely going back!
The yelp rating was spot on.  This has been on my list for a couple years and it met my expectations. Venue: (4/5) smaller venue and casual.  It has limited seating so expect a wait.   Food: (5/5) the clams and fettuccine was WOW!  I'm coming back for this and to try the happy hour oysters. Service: (5/5) hostess is amazing and will txt you when table is ready.  We ran late to grab our table and she was very accommodating.  The wait staff was knowledgable and friendly!
Went back and it was just as good as the first time. The house cured salmon is so freaking delicious... and buttery... and perfect.
Great oysters, so fresh! Great beer and oyster happy hour combo, but the entrees were not as good.
The oysters were amazing!! Asked them to pick for me and it turned out to be that I actually asked the owner!! He recommended some yummy goodness. Ordered a dozen and then ordered 6 more, they threw in a wild oyster the size of a hand! Delish! The cherry on top --- a free slice of whiskey cake!!!!!!!!   Happy girl! This place is awesome, very laid back and relaxing. Go glad I yelped this place!
Oh, I just love this place. The waiting staffs are so friendly and they gave out complimentary drinks and desserts. The oysters and uni totally worth the wait. Will be back soon.
Ever since a friend introduced me to Mermaid Inn, I've been hooked on oysters. Upstate has an expansive selection of them, and they are as fresh and delectable as can be. And to top it off, they also have a great craft beer selection - I had a beer named "Mother's Milk" that was sweet and tasted a little like coffee, yum! I definitely will be back for the happy hour special: 6 oysters + beer for $12, who could resist? P.s. they also make a mean fettuccine with clams... drool
I am amazed and astounded by their oysters. Similary priced to most seafood slinging restaurants but superior in taste, brine and texture than most. I might even dare to say this is some of the best oysters I've had, bar none. You get to select your oysters and quantity on a sheet and then the server shucks and presents your order in clockwise manner that you selected. Genius! Because although I pretend to nod and pay attention when the server is talking, all I am thinking of the seductive beautiful platter of briny bivalves. We ordered the Prince Edward Island, Island Creek, MTK, Wild Rocky Point. It was a crescendo of surprise, brine and flavor. The MTK and Wild Rocky Point being our table's favorites. We ordered another round of each. I will be back. And I will need to keep to working my job to pay for this new habit. (Or I could come back during their daily happy hour 5-7, $12 for 6 oysters and a beer).
6 oysters, 1 beer for 12 bucks. HELL yeah. I got a simple pasta dish too which was good but slightly forgettable.  But them oysters though. The bartender was awesome and recommended which type of oysters we should have gotten. hmmm I'm craving some oysters now.
Great oyster happy hour: 6 oysters and a beer for $12!! Good beer selection and so any different oysters. Only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because you can only choose from 2 types of oysters for the special (and they were both east coast). The meat and cheese board was delicious, as well as the "earned" whiskey cake. Can't wait to go back!
Reasonably priced, delicious, and very welcoming. Heavy hitter with oil & butter -1 star.
I have been here three times and finally decided to write a review and it's a well deserved one. The owner every single time, whether I'm alone or with a group would be so accommodating in terms of wine and food. I'm a huge fan of oysters so I usually order a lot. He would come over and explain them to me and even offer me to try new ones that he thought I would enjoy after consulting my taste. The oysters are so fresh every single time. The service is unbeatable. During the weekends you might have to wait a while for a table because the place is kinda small and they get packed quickly. Even when they're busy the service is still good. Their tartar is sooo good! Must try!!
Absolutely fantastic place.  The happy hour special for 6 oysters + a beer is a great deal and includes a great selection off their larger oyster menu.  There's a terrific selection of oysters from briny to creamy and everything in between. The seafood entrees are great too.  My friend and I on our first visit, after ordering a whole mess (totally a technical term there) of oysters, proceeded to try out the soft shell crab, the scallops and the fettuccine with clams.  I believe the menu changes but I trust that you can't really go wrong with anything you select there. Their rotating beer selection is great as well and they're more than happy to help the indecisive among us (cough, me) select something, no matter how vague the instructions.  If you sit at the bar, you can also count on super friendly boy advice too, which is always a nice bonus. Complementary whiskey cake with your bill is a perfect end to each meal here.
I've been coming to Upstate since it opened. You will not find a better oyster and craft beer HH in the city. Period. You also won't find a better atmosphere, people who love sharing their food knowledge, and damn good whiskey cake. They have HH 7 days a week. Get here early if you don't want to wait. I prefer sitting at bars, so I've never actually sat at a table or one of the high tops. Every bartender I've encountered knows exactly what they are talking about regarding the notes of the beer to the after taste of each oyster. It's incredible. I always stray off of the HH oyster list. I can't help it. Everything is shipped in that morning making their oysters and seafood dishes extremely fresh. If you're not sure what beer you want, they'll give you a good sized portion taste. Even though this small joint gets extremely busy, every single person working here will make you feel like you're the only person/people there. Why are you still sitting there reading this? Go order some oysters!
My husband and I came here for their oyster happy hour. We had to wait but they offered to text or call us when a table was ready. The restaurant is tiny but not cramped, and very cozy. The service was fantastic and the food was even better! We ordered a variety of oysters which were extremely fresh, a charcuterie plate, cheese plate and a few beers. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants fresh and delicious food. Prices were very reasonable. Love this place!!
Great vibe, great oysters, fab scallops.  It was fun to sit at the bar, people watch and nibble.  We'll be back :)
Excellent in every way. Great, attentive service. Very fresh seafood. Had the fish of the day and scallops. Both fantastic. Very highly recommended.
Small spot. Variety of craft beers. Small portions but delicious. The whiskey cake given at the end of the meal with the check is delicious. Try: - Scallops - Monk Fisk - *Crab Cakes* (a MUST)
We tried this on a tip from friends and it was superb. Unfortunately you can't book so we had a few drinks in the coal hole over the road. Which by the way is the darkest bar I've ever been in, they should hand out torches on the door. Anyway back to upstate, the oysters were amazing, the waitress knew everything about them and gave us a great recommendation. Plan on going back very soon.
AMAZING! Amazing food, amazing service! I was somehow able to get a table on a Friday night around 7:30 - no wait! (I was shocked). They do not take reservations. I would guess that the whole place could have 30 patrons, tops. Perfect for small groups of 4 or less. The taps at the bar are labels with letters, and nothing else.  There is a very rustic feel/vibe and the ambiance is further enhanced with the small wooden tables. First, our waiter brought us a little appetizer with roasted red peppers and fish on a crab shell - he told us it was from the kitchen and that they were considering putting it on the menu. I loved the pairing and the seasoning of the peppers. My boyfriend didn't like it as much though. For dinner, we ordered the mussels (an entrée) to split as an appetizer. They were HUGE and so fresh! Instead of being cooked in a white wine sauce they were made with a beer sauce.  They were served with a dish of toasted crustinis - perfect for dipping in that yummy beer sauce. When we finished the mussels, we asked our waiter for some more. Before he came back, another waiter came over and asked us if we wanted more bread.  Very attentive waiters! For dinner my boyfriend had the swordfish and a local beer and I had oysters with wine.  Both were on top of a bed of vegetables that were amazing. We both kept taking bites of each other's meal and could not decide which was better.  Although the portion sizes seemed small, we both left full and had decided we wanted to go back, especially since the menu is always changing. As we got the check, the waiter brought out some whiskey cake. It was super moist and not too whiskey-ish. We both agreed that we could have easily ordered 3 slices. Overall everything that we ordered was amazing, perfectly cooked and well seasoned. I loved that the menu is always changing and that the food is so fresh - there is no freezer! Great date place, especially for the seafood lover. The service was top notch. Our waiter was super attentive but so were the other waiters.  We totally felt like VIP guests but I can tell ever table felt just as special.  I would 100% come back here.
One of the champions of the city that understand that it is best left to the experts to provide a five star experience at an incredible value.
Fantastic spot - perfect atmosphere, one of my favorite beer selections in the city (yes, it's limited - but that's ultimately a good thing for me - choosing between 5-6 great, fresh, seasonally appropriate beers is good). Love the size and the staff.  Can't speak highly enough about it.
The oysters tasted superfresh and didn't remind me of mucky seawater at all! best in recent memory. In fact, everything tasted fresh which is what I had hoped for. The tables could have been a bit larger, but I liked the open air feel of the restaurant and my date enjoyed the fact that the waitress tipped her hair bluish purple.
I generally don't give five stars to restaurants with no vegetarian options, but I love this place so much I don't even care. My boyfriend says all the food he's ever had here has been perfect, so I guess that fifth star is on his behalf. I love all the upstate NY paraphernalia here; the atmosphere is cool and woodsy without being overly Williamsburg about it. The people here are so nice- like, actually nice. Like Midwest nice. Dare I say Upstate nice? (I don't know, I'm a former Midwesterner). Great wine, great beer. Just a wonderful place to sit and drink and decompress.
Amazing esperience. Very good food and very nice location. The guys were very gentle and available for any kind of request. I have taken different kind of oyster as a starter ( the more tasty were those from west coast). Then i've taken the scallop's special: amazing.
I am not a big oyster eater so can't really comment on the oysters we ordered except the happy hour deal of half dozen east coast oysters and one beer for $12 seems like a good deal. What I really enjoyed are the Fettuccine with Clams and Scallop of the Day. Both are very fresh and cooked just right to retain the sweetness of the scallop and the tenderness of the clams. The crab cake is nothing to rave about.
very sweet little place, amazing atmosphere, welcoming hosts and superb service. Skip the ceviche, rather get the octopus salad. The fettuccine with baked clams is simply delicious. Recommended.
My husband and I tried this place out from all the wonderful reviews and it did not disappoint. The crab cakes were perfectly coated with breadcrumbs and served over a honey flavored arugula salad. We also ordered the fettuccini over clams and it was yummylicious. Filled with garlic and a hopeful of clams. I only wish there was a bigger dish! It is a small joint so get there during Happy Hour and you are more likely to get a table without waiting.
Two of us arrived on a Saturday night with no reservations. The hostess politely told us it would be about an hour, took our phone number (for one of those cool text paging systems), and recommended a great craft beer bar down the street when we asked her for suggestions. About 45 minutes later we got the "your table is almost ready, hurry back" text. Everything about our meal was outstanding, from our server, to the bread, to the crab cakes, oysters (which our server helped us select), and the mussels. We also had multiple drinks (2 beers and 2 glasses of wine?) and our bill was right at $100 after tip. This was our favorite food stop on our trip to NYC. We love Yelp for helping us discover it! **4 stars instead of 5 because my husband came down with a really bad case of food poisoning a little over 24 hours later (not sure about the statute of limitations on seafood type food poisoning). We had been eating out all week, so its hard to say if it was maybe a bad mussel or something completely unrelated, but we share everything and I did not get sick (where as, you cannot share an oyster or mussel). Rest assured though, we would still make a return trip to Upstate if we were in the area again. Their service, prices, presentation and tastes were the perfect oyster bar experience for us.
Have been wanting to come here since I first read reviews but living on the Upper Westside makes coming down here inconvenient. Got here at 7:15 on Saturday and they said it was a 40 minute wait. Went to a bar around the corner for some beers and came back and a table was ready for us.  We had a dozen oysters.  6 east coast and 6 west coast. Very fresh and delicious.  Then we split the tuna carpaccio and the soft shell crabs and both were delicious.  The food was so good that we had one more dish and that was the fettuccine with clams. That dish was incredible. The menu is small but I'll be back again trying different dishes. Even though the restaurant is small it still felt roomy and the service was very good.
It's places like this. That makes me proud to write about. Don't let the wait or the small space intimidate you. Sometimes you need to give it a whirl ! The service is perfection. Not because they were professionals, but personal. I luv a waitress with charisma and poppy ! The manager, the bar tender, the chef, they were all as if we were family. It's a rarity in most places. But they show the love! Now on with the food! What can I say. You can't go wrong with beer and oysters! We pratically ordered half to almost the whole entire menu due to our beasting night. But it was well worth it ! FYI, if you know nothing about oysters. From my experience. The east coast ones are a lot more salty compare to the other regions. So if your wanting to explore the varieties. I recommend any of the others besides the east. Depends on prefrences. As for the cooked food. Shrimp was perfect, the scallops was seared to the best. Crisp and soft. The risotto had perfect flavors, and their little desserts were to die for. What I recommend you say? If you got a group of 4. Go round the world and try the entire menu. I'm sure you won't be disspointed.
I been dying to try this place for the longest and when i finally got to... i'm dissapointed! I had such high hopes for this place and Came here for my friends birthday last week and we ordered 5 different types of oysters (pretty good!) but i wasn't expecting such a small limited entree menu... i thought i read reviews about a mushroom risotto and ordered the closest thing i could find to it which was the scallops with mushrooms but the dish was wayyy too salty (scallops were good though!) i just couldn't eat the veggeis on the bottom because of how salty it was. We also ordered the crabcake... it was okay (i've definitely had better) maybe i ordered the wrong stuff from the menu .. but i dont think i'll be back pros: the server was friendly, food came out so quick we didnt eve realize it all came out, cons: portions are small..thank god i went to eat takoyaki while waiting for our table ... and my dish was way too salty
Very good quality but the portions are so small also had to wait a long time to get our food. I'd go back though
The hardest part about writing laid back reviews for Yelp is that when I come across a place that I'm absolutely head over heels for, I find myself not wanting to tell everyone, because then the establishment gets busy and usually the quality of the food/service goes down. But seeing that Shane goes above and beyond even by responding to folks here on Yelp, I highly doubt the quality of the place will go down. The place is small and I think that bodes well. I also genuinely want to see this place do well. I've been to some highly touted places like Gramercy Tavern and I would say that Upstate was the best food experience i've had in NYC hands down. I know that's saying a lot, but I think the fact that it wasn't pretentious and the food and ambiance was amazing adds up to it. So onto the experience. We arrived on a Saturday night a little after it opened and were quickly seated at the window seat. Every day, there is this amazing happy hour deal($12 for 6 oysters and a craft beer). Now, this isn't just a "any basic oysters" deal. You get to actually chose from a long list of their fresh oysters that change constantly. Being a huge oyster fan, I knew for the most part which ones I wanted to get. Beer-wise, I also had an idea of the upstate NY breweries that I was more inclined toward. So starting off the meal, this was a perfect start. We each got the deal, and then decided to share two entrees: Scallop Special(over mushroom risotto) and the Softshell Crab special(over a wonderfully done baked kale/corn combo). Both entrees were absolutely delicious and of course the oysters were delicious as well. Toward the end of our meal, Shane  personally came out and had us try a few oysters that were not yet on the menu and also brought out a sample of a beer that was about to be kegged and added to the rotation. Now, this place was absolutely packed by that point, and his willingness to come out despite the busyness and treat us was a very special thing. It's definitely uncommon in NYC these days. Kudos to you, Shane. At the end of the meal, of course we were in for another treat when they gave us a slice each of his wife's delicious Whiskey Cake. ((Thank you, Gavin!!)) It's safe to say that not only was the food and libations amazing, but the service was top notch, the owner is pretty much amazing, and it was my finest culinary experience to date(yes even above my visits to a few Michelin star restaurants). I will be making a return trip to NYC in the next month and I will be sure to come specifically to Upstate for my weekend splurge dinner.
Came here for dinner on a Monday at 6pm and there was no wait. This place is pretty small though, so I'd suggest coming here early. We got the happy hour oysters, which were all delicious and fresh. There was also plenty of sauce, which usually isn't the case at most restaurants. As entrees, we got the scallops with mushrooms, zucchini, and squash. It happened to be a combination of all of my favorite vegetables and was delicious while the scallops were also pretty good though not that much better than scallops at other seafood restaurants. I also tried one of the clams in the clam and fettuccine and it tasted delicious and fresh. I really wanted to try the steamed clams, but I was definitely too full for that. So guess I have to come back! At the end of the meal, they also gave us two slices of whiskey cake, which was a surprise and also very delicious.
- would be a great place for a date - recommend: seared scallop special with mushroom risotto, the scallops (though there were only 2) were large and the perfect texture, the flesh was smooth, plump and sweet, probably the best scallops I've ever had - the crab cakes had a sweet coconut taste to them which I wasn't really a fan of but honestly I'm not a big crab cake person to start with, just had a bite of my nanas - the wine is a touch pricy at around $12-14 a glass - tends to be a short wait, but worth it and you can always have a drink at the bar until your table is ready - personable staff - quick service - very reasonably priced for seafood in any neighborhood and for quality of what you're getting - complimentary dessert (was rum cake, the evening I went but I'm pretty sure it changes by the day) - will have to come back to try their lobster roll and softshell crab options - everything bought fresh daily so the menu changes daily
Came for the oyster happy hour and came out drunk off the happiness brought by the wild LI oysters + pilsner. Highly reccomended for true oyster lovers
Visiting from the west coast and they had better west coast oysters than a lot of places at home! Amazing beers! Delicious steamed mussels! Tasty tartar duo! ...and the scallops, OMG!  Sentence fragments abound! The food was surprisingly delicious for a restaurant we randomly happened upon. The staff was friendly and helpful to boot.  Worth the wait and conveniently near multiple bars to pass the time while you wait. Will visit again before we go home and will make it a regular stop whenever we come around again.   Almost forgot... The whiskey pound cake that came with check was almost worth the trip on its own. Wow!!!
This place is a no-brainer Fresh, diverse selection of Oysters Unique, perfectly executed, dishes to share Multiple, delicious, micro-brews at affordable prices Oh, and if you're so lucky, the pound cake....insane. Will be back, a lot.
This place is awful. The cheese plate tasted like it was out of a supermarket aisle, only worse. The waitress fucked up our orders all night. And then?  The oysters gave me food poisoning. Seriously, worst quality food I have ever eaten. Why spend $100 to spend all night puking?  Please do not eat here.
Since it's not that big of a menu, and the dish sizes are quite small, we ordered quite a few plates. Most dishes are like family cooking, nothing really sucks or really stands out. Mostly happy about the visit, but I don't understand the hype.   The waitress at the door was grumpy, but the waiters at the bar and our server were kind and efficient. So service wise it sort of cancelled out. Small relaxing place, typical vibe you get in East Village.
Came to this tiny little seafood spot on a Saturday night with my sister. It was an hour wait, but it was worth it. Oysters were fresh, loved the squid salad and the beer steamed mussels were delicious! fresh seafood, friendly staff and complimentary whiskey cake would definately go back
Good food. Long wait. Was a fun date.
Good seafood spot that we came here for a date a long time ago.  The food was good and the service was amazing.  That's all we could really recall.
I take issue with the reviewer who says oysters are oysters   And I suppose beer is beer and wine is wine?  You can order 6 decidedly different flavorful oysters at happy hour with a distinctive craft beer for $12 and as good as that is, if you stay and order from the main menu, it gets better. I will say that perfectly cooked unadorned fresh fish is all the same. The only problem is that it is served that way in very few restaurants anywhere in the world. It is in this humble but stylishly hip joint and you should go out of your way to go try it (usually pollock)! It is mouth watering good as is the grilled squid salad and beer steamed mussles.
I adore this place!!! Amazing food and beer selection. I like taking friends here, we always have a great time. As much as you can try to be there for happy hour (5-7pm) 6 oysters and a beer for $12 you will not be disappointed. Yes there's a 40min every time I've been here but it is totally worth it and they make up for that with their attention and wonderful service. It is the bed combo in time delicious food and prices that can't be beat.
I absolutely love Upstate. Been here a few times and every time I feel like I'm treated more like a friend visiting their buddy's restaurant than like a customer. Shane and the rest of his staff are always so friendly and laid-back. Now since the place gets busy, whenever there's a wait they'll take your number to text you when your table's available - really not a problem in the East Village where there are many other drink options before dinner. And the food. OMG the food. I'm not much of an oyster person, but the boyfriend is and always raves about the great oysters. What I love are their fish, shrimp, and scallop specials that rotate seasonally. One that sticks out is the sriracha shrimp special complete with shrimp heads that I had never tried before but quickly grew to love. Honestly, I don't think I've ever eaten something here that I've disliked. And if you don't know what to get, ask. The staff is really great about guiding your palate to something you'll love.
came here solo a few weeks ago- actually my second time attempting to dine here.  the first time i was turned away by the hostess telling me the wait was really long and discouraging me from eating there (she DIDN'T say she WOULDN'T take my name, but she DIDN'T take my name so...)  anyway, i entirely expected to be turned away based on all the other reviews, but luckily there was a seat at the bar!  i think i went about 8:30 or so on a summer week night? i had a couple coney island drafts. and the reason i came.... to try the fettucini and clams which was really yummy.  i would say 4.5 stars, only because my personal preference is a more creamy/cheesey alfredo sauce.  at the end, i had the complimentary and delicious whiskey cake; and (i believe the owner) gave me a taste of a beer he felt went best with the cake.  overall great experience!  glad i finally got in to try it!
We came in on a Saturday night party of 4.  They don't take reservations but there wasn't a wait.  We ordered the following:  Fettuccine with clams  $15.00, This week's scallop special $18.00, along with the shrimp special.  Everything was pretty flavorful and delicious.  The fettuccine with clams had a lot of garlic in it and the texture of the pasta was perfect.  The shrimp special was also very flavorful.  It came with 4 shrimps over a bed of "paella".  We also ordered oysters and calms.  I think I still prefer Fish in the West Village but this spot hits the spot with no wait!  :)
Totally worth it the wait (they have no reservations). Great seafood. Lovely beers. Smart and funny service. I'm absolutely a fan.
Great! The oysters are seasonal, fresh and just good. The scallops were also great :) would definitely recommend
Awesome oysters & great beer selection. Get here before 7pm and you can get their oyster & beer special for $12. Great spot to grab a bite to eat and catch up with friends.
One of my favorite restaurants during my trip. Upstate was a challenge to find using the " Get Directions" link on the Yelp page. It directed me to a coffee house on another street! I gave up and decided to go somewhere else closer to my apartment since my feet were swollen from walking all day.  As I walked back to LES, I passed a curbside sign that says "Upstate". I was so happy! Tip: Be sure to just type in the address on google maps yourself when trying to get directions here. Upstate had one special on happy hour only. it was 6 oysters and any beer for $12 bucks. Pretty awesome deal. The oysters were fresh and briny. I LOVED it. I had that with a local IPA. I also tried the scallops with a mushroom brown rice, and the salmon tartar. Both were outstanding! Our server was so friendly and attentive. All in all, excellent place for food and drinks. Wine and beer only. Very small space. Not good for big groups. I say it's best to come in 4 or smaller.
The owners and staff are what make this place for me. Sure they have solid oysters and usually a great beer selection but if you sit at the bar you will usually get hooked up with free tastings of rare oysters not always available on the menu and the same goes for really excellent small / scratch batch beers. The entrees wane in comparison to the salads (grilled squid and kale is a can't miss) and raw bar but they are still well executed just not the reason to come here. Waits can be long as this place is very popular but after a few visits I realize it's for good reason. Next time I am just doing oysters and beer and skipping the entrees.
A great place, the waiters are nice, helpful and friendly, the food is great and fresh!!!
If you love oysters, this is THE place to go. If you don't love oysters, then this place probably won't impress you. There is always always always a wait. They take down your cell # though, so I usually wander into a nearby bar and have a drink until my table is ready. The service here is great and the servers seem to be pretty knowledgeable about the menu selections. They have craft beers (and wine), but the selection is kinda small. I've never been too impressed by what they have beer wise, although I'm sure lots of folks like the fact that they have local craft beers on tap anyhow. So, here's the thing about Upstate, their oysters are the best I've had in the city and the selection they have is amazing. They have a huge variety and I've been here a couple times where they've had some special rare addition. However, the other menu items can be somewhat hit or miss. Nothing I've had here has ever been bad, but in comparison to the quality of the oysters, some of the entrees fall a little short. I would recommend any of the entrees with clam in them, though.
This review is about the hostess and wait. Got here at 5:40pm and was told the wait would be two hours. Put my name down on the waiting list. Checked back at 6:15 and was told there are three tables ahead. So I stand outside waiting to be called. However, I see 5 tables going ahead of me. After asking how much longer the wait is, the hostess tells me I'm next if this party does not show up. So I wait, and about 10 minutes later, that party does show up. Meanwhile I keep waiting while there is a table with 6 empty chairs open.   I left at 7:03 and the Hostess finally texts me at 7:08. Got my seafood fix at ki sushi in downtown brooklyn. Would have loved to try this place, but don't think it's worth giving up on my pride and principles.
Love this place, the craft beer selection is great, the food is great and the service is very friendly
I've been here twice and both times I was incredibly impressed. I'm from Upstate New York, as a I have nothing but positive things to say about the food, atmosphere, service, craft beer selection, and oysters. Also I find this place to be incredibly reasonably priced. There is usually a wait, but they take down your phone number and call you when your table is ready so you're free to grab a drink at one of the many bars nearby. I've had the scallops, several varieties of oysters, crab cakes, salmon tartar, and one of the specials (Zuppa de Pesce I believe). Also the complimentary cake they give you is perfect for a little bit of something sweet.
amazing, the reviews did not lie.
The squid salad plate w/ kale was very good. The squid was perfectly cooked, without that chewing gum feel to it. But some of the pieces were burned on the grill. The mussles seared in beer were really good, but they had a bit of an, for me, unwanted bitter taste.
Axiom 1: Craft beer = awesome Axiom 2: Seafood = awesome Theorem: Craft beer + seafood = awesome x 2 That is the guiding mathematical principle that has brought me to Upstate. As an aficionado of both craft beer and seafood, I believe that I'm magnetically drawn to this tiny East Village establishment. They certainly deliver on what they promise, so what more could you ask? When it comes to oysters, I'm hardly an expert. That makes choosing from their wide selection of oysters a difficult challenge. Fortunately, it's aided greatly by the fact that every oyster is incredibly fresh and there probably isn't a single bad one on the menu. You can pick from an impressive variety of east coast and west coast oysters (as well as Little Neck clams). Unless you have an aversion to oysters, you'll surely be satisfied. The rest of the food is very good as well. There aren't too many dishes to choose from but that's perfectly fine considering the quality of what they do have. The cioppino is great and is loaded with mussels, clams, fish, shrimp and scallop. The tomato-based stew soaks up all that flavor really well. The scallop risotto is worth a try as well. I believe they regularly switch up the menu so I'm sure there could be plenty of great food that I'm just not aware of. The beer list isn't particularly long, but with the choices they have, it doesn't need to be. Quality of beer always trumps quantity and the half dozen or so options they have should cover most possibilities for what you want to pair with your food. And at the end of the day, as long as Upstate keeps serving good food and good beer, they'll stay awesome (x 2) in my book.
Three things I recommend, their oysters, happy hour and scallop over mushroom risotto.  Oysters are fresh tasting and delicious.  The Happy Hour specials are $12 for 6 oysters and a craft beer.  Enough said.  As far as the Scallop entree, it was fresh tasting and the risotto was hot and consistent in texture and taste. The service was wonderful.  Try their whiskey pound bread. Yummy!
Great oyster happy hour, delicious mussels, and craft beers!! If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out. Get on it!
Food was amazing but the portions are slightly smaller than what I was expecting but filling nevertheless. I usually order bluepoints but the waiter quickly referred me to a list of different kinds of oysters that she considered to be better and I was not disappointed. Love the intimate atmosphere of this restaurant.
Didn't live up to my expectations :S Ordered a dozen oysters, definitely recommend the west coast ones, but got 2 gone bad already..didn't make a fuss about it, but it's a seafood restaurant... Anyway, appetizers - grilled octopus on kale was executed to perfection, but... uni with salmon roe and egg - salmon roe not fresh...kinda smelly...sigh... Main course - seared scallop risotto - perfectly seared and seasoned scallops Seafood bouillabaisse - average..didn't even finish it Definitely hit and miss, but at least the restaurant should guarantee the freshness of the ingredients...T.T Super bad diarrhea the next day...sigh...
highlights: wonderful food, wonderful service, decent prices. lowlights: can get crowded during happy hour. tip: check out the $12 happy hour oyster+beer deal. it's a nice place to take your out-of-towner friends. or even date.. the low lights flatter everyone :)
Normally I don't like seafood but after some friends dragged me here I would definitely come again. An especially good place to bring business clients, people who enjoy feeling like they are being schmoozed. It has that 'up' atmosphere so much appreciated by the avid public. It's quite contagious; having been raised in a somber household I have become such a sucker for the 'vibe' crowd energy thing. No shortage of it here.
This was one of my favorite bars whilst i was living in New York.  Craft beer and Oyster heaven!  Sadly there is nothing like this in London. Enjoy!
A perfect place for a good beer and a dozen oysters.  The New York state craft beers featured are top notch and play well into the theme of the restaurant.  I was a bit confused about how the name jived with the seafood menu until I was told that owner and most of the crew came from an oyster bar in midtown.  The staff is very friendly and the owner (who hails from utica and furnished the place partially with wood from a barn from the area) gave us samples of many of the taps.  Only complaint is my boyfriend wished the oysters came with vinegar in addition to cocktail sauce.  We didn't have dinner but we will be back at least for more beer and oysters.
This restaurant is a must visit for all food lovers, whether you are a New Yorker or a visitor. The foods were all so spectacular, fresh, and truly delicious! Our experience here was amazing! Upstate is so popular that the waiting time to get in can be as long as an hour to an hour and a 1/2, depending on the day. My fiance and I tried a few days ago on Friday at 8pm, and was told that it would be a 90 minute wait. We were starving so we opted to try another time. Yesterday (Sunday), we came a little after it opened at 5pm, and the seats were almost filled. By 5:20pm (20 minutes since it opened its door for business), all seats were taken! This place does not take reservations at all so come early if you can! If you come between 5-7pm, they have a happy hour special (6 raw oysters w/ a beer of your choice) for $12.  As an individual that does not like to eat raw oysters at all, the raw oysters here were divine. They were exceptionally delicious, sweet, juicy, and very fresh. There was no strong offensive or pungent fishy smell to it. After I tried one raw oyster from my fiance's plate, I ended up ordering half a dozen for myself. Thank you Upstate for popping my raw oyster cherry. My thoughts on raw oysters will never be the same now. We also ordered the scallop special over mushroom risotto, and fettuccine with clams to share. Both were so delish! The scallops were so tender and moist, and it paired so well with the delicious mushroom risotto. It was one of the best scallop risotto dish I have ever eaten. The fettucine with clams was very delicious as well. The clams were fresh, and the fettucine with the sauce was divine. Lets just say that my fiance & I were both constantly staring at each other in awe on how delicious everything was! And to end our meal, we were given a whiskey cake to share and it was amazing! The service was excellent, and the waitresses were very friendly and helpful. And, the prices were reasonable for such high quality foods. We left very very happy. We will be coming back soon again!
No reservations but was seated immediately. The craft beer selection here is great as well as the crab cakes, steamed mussels, bread and clam fettuccine. The prices are the best in the city and the service is phenomenal. We were also served whiskey cakes on the house. The atmosphere is perfect for a date. It's intimate and the music is loud enough to take away awkward silences. Highly recommended.
I came here now 3 or 4 times, and this is clearly one of my ny favourites. The service is impeccable and staff is incredibly friendly. They have a great variety of beers and all their dishes are exceptional. And this all comes at a very decent price. Small minus is that they dont take reservations so sometimes there is a wait.
Me: Two for tonight? Hostess: Oh, we're not taking any more reservations for tonight. Me: It's 5 o clock. Hostess: (Annoying smile) I know. The food is amazing. The oysters make you wanna thank the sea. The wait sucks. The service doesn't. The hostess? Don't even get me started... But hey, it's well worth having to ask her for a table every time you go, that is, if she gives you one... Overall: Good seafood from a southerner that knows it well.
Went at 6pm on Friday and wait was 30 mins but 6:30pm, the wait became 1.5hrs. The place is small and intimate but the food is on point and the price is very reasonable for the quality and area. My order: - 12 Oysters for Happy Hour w/ a beer and champagne: Perfect Friday night ending. Oysters were fresh and the deal is great when I get to pair it with a crisp glass of champagne - Squid Salad - Nice char taste, sweetness from the honey went well with the kale - Beer Clams - Cooked perfectly, meaty clams and the broth was delicious for dipping bread in - Salmon Tartar - Salmon was fresh and cut into sizeable chunks, no fillers, flavors were just right and complimented the fatty salmon perfectly, a bit of mustard seeds was a nice subtle touch Would definitely return again!! In fact, I'm hoping it is sooner than later! No complaints. The waitress did spill some of my champagne on my dress but forgivable.
We love Upstate and even spent NYE there one year with a private party organized by a friend and celebrated there after our engagement across the street 2 years ago. Everyone else must love it, too, as we tried to stop by for a drink a few weekends ago and they have a new 'bouncer' at the door that told us that there was no room at the bar for us. Good for Shane & Co., sad for us! This place is great. Shane and his wife (the owners) are lovely and make a mean whiskey cake. Oysters and the rest of the menu are always super fresh and we like the beer/wine selection, having gone to grad school "upstate." Hopefully we'll be able to stop in again soon!
Wait...wait wait wait. I haven't reviewed this spot!? This is MY SPOT. Okay, freak out over and I'll continue. Shall I start with the end? That complimentary butter cake ... it could move mountains. Just the perfect way to end a scrumptiously delicious fish dinner here. And speaking of scrumptious dinners, this is definitely one of my favorite oysters destinations in the city. Particularly for their Early Bird/Happy Hour special of 6 oysters and a beer for 12 clams. Or dollars, whatever. And then I like to stick around for a little bit longer, enjoy a glass of vino and dig into their fish of the day. Or if I'm feeling salty, a nice cheese plate and charcuterie. And since that's a lot of food, I'd share everything with a dear friend or loved one. And not more than that one, since it's a tiny place and mama needs her oysters.
After last night's dinner, I couldn't resist to log on and share my thoughts about this already much hyped grail of a seafood bar. It was the eve of my girlfriend's birthday, and my options were to either surprise her, or take her to City Crab (she had been there a while ago, when it was "good"). So like a good monkey I did some brief yelping and found this joint. The place looked really casual in the user submitted photos, which made me a little unsure about going there for a birthday dinner. Anyway, I decided to trust myself on this one, and I'm glad I did. We got to the place around 9, well after the happy hour crowd. We were told by the host that a table would be free in 30. I asked him about a bar we could go to for a pint before dinner and received a prompt response, which I admire. So, we hopped across the street to a local dive and after 10 minutes I got a text that our table was ready. We finished our beer and headed back over. I immediately felt wrong about having doubted the decor and ambiance. It has that feelgood, ambiguous vibe that's appropriate for couples and small groups alike, loud or quiet, black-clad or casual. We had a dozen oysters, half of which were delicious meaty blue points, followed by crab cakes and scallops on risotto. Everything was perfect. This review is getting long winded, and since everything has been raved about before, let this be an echo to all the 5 star experiences out there. The manager came over to chat for a little bit and was very eager to make sure we were having a good time. He was a really cool dude, and at the end of our meal we received a few slices of their famed whiskey cake and two flutes of prosecco. Cherry on the cake, metaphorically. PS. That whiskey cake is f*cking delicious.
My friend and I stopped here for dinner on a Thursday night after work. We were able to get a table right away and were quickly given menus. Service was solid and I enjoyed the beer and the food. We split the house-cured salmon (very good!) and I had the seafood bouillabaisse (not bad.) We ended the meal with the complimentary whiskey cake which was a very moist pound cake. I enjoyed the meal and the cozy atmosphere so I'd definitely go back again.
What I learned as I slurped down bivalves at Upstate: Every oyster I have had in my life prior to this moment has been absolute shit. The famed happy hour: $12 for 1 draft + 6 oysters of your choice (only from the bolded options on the list). Drafts are otherwise $6 and comprise an interesting variety of craft beers, most of which are oyster-compatible (in my view, light-colored and very hoppy). The oysters are completely delightful. You mark your choices right on the list, which I LOVE, and you get the paper back with your chosen oysters arranged in order, clockwise, from the lemon wedges. I'm a bad listener when food is in front of me, so this is extremely thoughtful in terms of reminding people of what they're eating. Karry L refused to add anything to his oysters, but the mignonette was fucking delicious. The bartender was super friendly and attentive, and answered all my dumb questions about these lovely bottomfeeders. They had some Vancouver (Royal Miyagi) oysters when we visited, and he encouraged us to take advantage since West Coast oysters don't often make their way onto the happy hour list. Before 6:30pm the intimate space is still tolerably empty, but don't dawdle. I've been here once before and was told they weren't taking any more people that night (granted, it was Valentine's Day). I'm not even going to do the Yelp cliche of "this awesome place is terrible, don't try it so it stays unknown enough for me to continue going" - Go, we're all friends, you'll adore it, this little spot is something special.
Inexpensive and delicious! I had been wanting to try upstate for dinner for a while and finally managed to get there in time to get a table. The other reviewers are totally spot on about the warning to arrive early if your interested n the happy hour! We started with the oysters and beer. The beer was pretty good, the oysters were decent - not the best which is fine given that they are so cheap. For our mains we got a bouillabaisse and the catch of the day which was halibut with Brussel sprouts and potatoes. The stew was OK, a nice mix of all their sea food but not an authentic bouillabaisse, but the halibut was truly exceptional. Supremely delicious. The free whiskey cake dessert was also great. Usually free desserts are hit or miss but in this case we polished off the plate and fork-wrestled for the last few bites :)
From the moment I walked into Upstate Oyster Bar, I fell in love. It's a quaint restaurant that serves the highest quality fish. The owner, Shane besides going to the fish market every night at 4AM to pick out the good stuff, he is a true gentleman and treated my table incredibly well. From the Salmon, Shrimp Risotto, to the Soft Shell Crab, to the Oysters - everything was perfect.  My girlfriend and I will be back many, many more times...
This place hits the nail on the head for food, service and price! I came here on a Monday night and luckily two people were just leaving the bar so my boyfriend and I were seated immediately. I recommend sitting at the bar since the bartenders will help you pick the perfect beer with sampling and suggestions! We ordered a dozen oysters and all were tasty. The Long Island jumbos were seriously jumbo. We couldn't eat one because it was so huge. I'll pick a different oyster next time! We also had the crab cakes which were perfectly fried and paired with a tangy arugula salad. It was nice they weren't doused in mayo which is the norm. Also had the salmon tartar--highly recommend this! It came with toasted baguette slices and was dressed in a mustardy Asian sauce--sauce was very light. For the entree we split the scallop and shrimp dish. There were only two scallops and one shrimp which is a bit small for an entree but with three starters we were pretty full. When we left we said we want to come back here more often. Next on the list is the clams and pasta and the squid salad! I think the way to go here is to share everything-that way you can try it all!
Love the happy hour here! The oysters are incredibly fresh and shucked really quickly regardless of the size of your order. Excellent beer selection. Great seafood entrees as well. Best seat in the house is at the bar. Whiskey cake is to die for and such a wonderful surprise at the end of the meal!
This place is small but amazing! The uni and scallops literally melt in my mouth. Absolutely worth waiting for and will definitely return!!!
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. I arrived around 6:45pm on a Tuesday and was told that the wait was an hour. I got a text about 15 minutes later saying that my table was ready. Awesome! What wasn't awesome was that we just missed the happy hour. :( We started off with the squid salad with kale. Our waiter had recommended this over the crab cake we were contemplating. He was absolutely right...it was delicious! We also got the salmon tartare but we definitely liked the squid more. I got the scallops with risotto as my main and he got the fish of the day with was pollack. The star of my dish was definitely the scallops which were amazing. The mushroom risotto was a little too watery. My bf also enjoyed his fish. Being that the portions were on the smaller side (hello, small tables mean small plates), we weren't completely full afterwards but we were nicely satiated. We had washed our meal down with glasses of white wine and I loved Wolffer Estates' chardonnay. Super excited to go to their winery in Long Island this summer! We were also served small slithers of their whiskey cake. At the end of the meal, my bf said that he enjoyed everything. Thanks Upstate!
Super cool spot to get your oysterfest on. Not expensive and very knowledgeable staff.
I popped into Upstate for a quick drink while I waited for my table at a nearby spot, and was really pleased to find Ithaca Cascazilla on tap (along with a handful of other good regional craft beers). It was a slow night for Upstate (probably due to the sub-20° weather), so I was able to chat up the bartender who was sweet and funny, and had no problems entertaining my annoying questions about what beers they carry and how often they turn over kegs. I also got a chance to talk with the owner, a guy named Shane who seemed more than happy to talk about his restaurant concept and what's going on in the neighborhood. The food looked great and smelled even better - I'll definitely be back to give it the proper attention it deserves.
Dear Upstate, I have a confession. I was not a big fan of those ooey gooey cold boogers in a shell that most people call "raw oysters"...UNTIL my friend brought me to you. We sat at the bar, and were given complimentary tastings of beer that would go great with our oyster selections. They ranged from light and sweet, to briney and big mama chunkiness. The food, the drinks, the ambiance, and the service were perfect and I can't wait to visit again. I may live near another solid establishment that offers oyster happy hour (let's just say it rhymes with Mild Jedibles), but I will make the trip down to Upstate (oxymoron?). Lovingly, Rebecca C.
The oysters were perfect. Not a trace of shell fragments and as fresh as possible. We ate them like candy. Highly recommend the beer steamed clams.  Pleasantly surprised by the delicious complimentary whiskey pound cake that arrived with the dessert. We were the annoying party with a fussy baby (I swear- he's usually a great dining companion) but the staff was beyond gracious. Thank you for a perfect evening for our last night in NY. Steve, thank you for being so kind!  We'll be back!
I want seafood! Where should we go? Get out your handy, dandy Yelp app. Hmm... Upstate, 4.5 stars. Perfect! We came here on a Sunday night. There seemed to be a bit of a wait but the hostess was nice enough to take our number and text us when a table was free. We ran a few errands and as we were walking back to Upstate, we got a text. Table ready! Yippee! Small joint. Open kitchen. Bar seating. One restroom. The seafood is fresh! The menu basically changes daily to fit what is in season. Oysters. Kumamotos, hands down my favorite so we ordered a few of those. I was steered to "the east coast" kumamoto for my other samples. They were tasty too. Served with horse radish, cocktail sauce and red wine vinegar. About $2.25 a piece. Can't complain. We all ordered a main dish. I picked the linguine with clams, hubby got his go to seafood dish, seared scallops and our bestest bud ordered Bouillabaisse. I had to have had at least 15 clams on my dish, $15. In the East Village? Awesome. All dishes under $20 for a large amount a seafood. All was fresh and delicious. The three of us had drinks, split a scallop ceviche app, 4 oysters each and main course. Out the door, $40. I am sorry, repeat that? Yep. $40 for a kick ass meal filled with solely seafood. You don't even get that quality and price in our home town of SD. Go here, Eat and Live it up, your wallet won't even hurt that bad.
Went on a Friday for the happy hr special, and was glad to have read the reviews suggesting that you get there a few minutes before 5pm. Arrived at 4:55, and we just barely got a table (for 3) when they opened the doors at 5. Nice, well curated beer list, with about 10-15 options from upstate NYC. Tried the Ginger Saison, which was very interesting. The oysters were great, very fresh tasting, and an impressive selection. The happy hr special ($12 for a beer and 6 oysters) limited us to 3 east coast options, but they were all quite good. The special is an insane deal, and I will definitely be back to take advantage whenever I can get myself there before 5. Also look forward to coming back to try the other food options, but just based on the happy hr, this place is definitely 5*s!
We had oysters here, which were great.  The mignonette they use (red wine vinegar, shallots, salt, pepper) was delicious.  For the appetizer, we had the salmon and tuna tartare along with the cheese plate.  We actually ended up using some of the mignonette for the oysters with the salmon tartare and it definitely enhanced the flavor.  The tuna was good quality, but wasn't quite as fresh as the salmon.  The cheese plate came with 4 different kinds of cheese.  2 harder cheeses, a smokey ricotta, and one other creamier cheese that I'm forgetting.  It also included mustard, honey, some sort of dried fruit preserve.  I would recommend getting creative with the combinations.  All in all, delicious.  I had the scallops which were sautéed over a bed of mushrooms and veggies.  The scallops were done to perfection, however, the flavoring of the dish was pretty one-dimensional.  The mushrooms and veggies were sautéed in a truffle oil, which really overpowered everything else.  Still good, but I probably wouldn't order it again.  My girlfriend had the swordfish special.  I've had swordfish a few times, and it's always been more like steak.  This had beautiful grill marks but was more flaky than I had had before.  It was paired with a vegetable medley and I literally couldn't stop. Upstate is a great little restaurant that is intimate and casual.  It's not a large place, and probably only seats about 30 at a time, but it shows in the quality of their food.  I would definitely come back here when visiting NY again.
comfy relaxedness homeyness in the east village! my friend's friend is good friends with the owner, who is super nice, and very passionate about good food and beer. upstate is a very cool concept, because the owner is from upstate NY. he chooses to serve beers on tap with a concentration on breweries from upstate NY and NY in general, like saranac and middle ages. i informed him about the amazing beer which is dundee (honeybrownlager.com) (formerly JW dundee), and he said he was going to look into getting it on tap. great vibe and friendly people all around makes a new awesome go-to comfort bar in the east village. he also serves the beer in the correct style glasses, which is amazing. aannnnnnnd the selection of raw seafoods is pretty great!
My goodness, can't beleive I never even reviewed this place.  I had one of the most delicious seafood meals here and dream of going back. I attempted coming on a saturday night but the place is small and the wait was too long so I tried again the next day (of course).   The food is super fresh here as they dont have a freezer and you can taste the difference. My boyfriend and i had a bunch of east/west variety oysters to start which were so good and so big! I had the cioppino for my main which came teeming with fresh seafood. He had the fettucine with clams which was even better omg.  the prices are reasonable too. The staff is very nice and to top it all off they finish the meal with complimentary cake. YUM!
Always great! Super cute spot! The Seafood is always fresh, service is always on point. My Husband and I typically sit at the bar and have a great experience every time. This is not a big place so try to get there early. I love the clams and the selection of oysters they offer, this is one of the best spots to get seafood in the city. Not to mention the great selection of craft beer that the staff gladly allows you to sample. The service at the bar and the food don't disappoint!
This is around the corner from my apartment.  Thank you Jesus!  Really fresh local seafood.  Wonderful service from the wait staff.  The last night we went there was a huge crowd at the bar there for a surprise party.  They were VERY loud and drunk.  The waitress was really sweet and kept apologizing and telling us it's usually not this loud.  She was even offering to comp us some drinks to make up for it, but we declined.  They also have great happy hour deals.  I recommend this to anyone who wants a nice cozy atmosphere with really great food and beer.
Being from Upstate NY (and super corny), I was super excited to try Upstate.  As I was really looking forward to trying this place, I had the usual apprehensiveness of oh god is it going to live up to my expectations.  It did, it was great!   We stopped by on a rainy Sunday night a little while back and it was a 2 hour+ wait with the possibility we would not get in.  I was heartbroken, but figured we might as well try for it - luckily we got a call an hour or so later that we could come back.  Yay! With a name like Upstate it is a bit ironic that the seafood is so good.  The pasta with clams was really good.  We also had the sea urchin which was unique and declious. The waitress was super nice - gave us some good suggestions on food and drinks.  We were well taken care of - it was an especially nice touch when they brought us out a little piece of cake and a pour of a stout as dessert.  One of my best ever restaurant experiences - the ones where you think, do I really want to share this place? Great seafood, good vibes, prices that won't break the bank.  I would definitely recommend a trip to Upstate.
Phenomenal food, beverage, and environment. Great selection of oysters, salmon tartar was delicious and fresh, and there was a great variety of beers on tap. We sat at the bar and the owner made sure we were well taken care of. Can't wait to return for happy hour.
Big selection of fresh oysters and knowledgeable servers. Diverse variety of craft beers. Amazing clam to pasta ratio in my fettuccine and a good amount of white wine too. I would definitely come again to experience their happy hour which we missed by a few minutes. Reasonable prices and high quality of seafood. What more could you want?
Huge oyster fan over here - HUGE! These oysters are top notch and their offer for oysters and a pint of beer is wonderful. Beer selection is great. I've also had the cheese/meat plate here (my favorite thing to order anywhere). It was heavenly. I'm very tempted to come back for those soft shell crabs and other dishes, too! It's crowded, but it's crowded because it's good quality and friendly service. Oh yea, three words: complimentary. whiskey. cake!
Came here with the bf for some late night seafood. We arrived around 11pm and started with the ceviche which was the perfect start to our meal. I ordered the scallops- clean, large, and tender. Probably the best scallops I've ever had. The bf had the beer steamed mussles (I think their oysters get put away when it gets late) which was yummy too! We went on a weeknight so it wasn't too rowdy (bar-esque) but filled with more late-night foodie folks. Its very cozy, especially on a nice summer night. Oh did i mention that it comes with complimentary whiskey cakes? YUM! I will definitely be back! :)
Amazing happy hour deal...$12 for 6 oysters and a craft beer.  The best/freshest oysters I have ever had.  Other dishes were incredible too. We had the ceviche, squid salad, linguine w clams, mussels, charcuterie, crab cakes and salmon plate.  Everything was excellent...will definitely go back.  side note...we got there at 515 and the entire place was packed already so definitely get there early if you plan to hit the hh deal.
Good choice of oysters. Even though they are all the same to me, it's pretty interesting to try a different varieties. Love their salmon tartar and cured salmon. The place is small. Come earlier, as there is always a line of people.
Don't go here because we don't want to have to wait even longer for a seat at the bar. Best oyster/beer/over-all experience. Best birthday ever.
Upstate is a refreshing change from the usual neighborhood fare. Stopped in last night on my way to get Indian last night and decided to detour for a glass and I'm glad I did. The oysters are reasonably priced ($2 for East Coast and $2,25, I think, for West Coast), as is the rotating taps of craft beer ($6?). Wine was pretty damn good and the staff knowledgable and friendly without being overbearing. This will definitely be my new go-to place.
Small place with limited seating, went with a group of 5, about a 10 minute wait. The menu changes quite frequently, was completely hyped about some of the pictures that were posted, and then found out those were seasonal. Huge selection of oysters. Definitely worth splurging on. Great selection of beer and wine. I think they had a larger selection of alcohol than food. All food seems to be tapa size, so order up!
Where to even start with Upstate... The best shellfish you could find, ever. Clams, oysters, and mussels were our choices for this particular time; specifically the clam fettuccine, beer steamed mussels, and two of the more mild oysters (there was a massive list of types available, 15+). Oysters were the best you can get anywhere around here, plain and simple. Don't know how else to put it. The clam fettuccine was just absurd. It wasn't too rich, the clams were perfectly cooked, and the dish as a whole will go down as the best seafood-pasta I've ever had. The mussels were massive, with more of a hint of beer flavor rather than an overwhelming & monotone one as I was expecting. None of the seafood was remotely fishy tasting in a bad way, and everything was as fresh as could be. For dessert, we had the renowned whiskey pound cake (green today for St. Patty's!). Having a mother from Savannah, GA, it's tough to admit that this pound cake was as good as hers'. The service was something that deserves almost a review of its own; literally the best I've ever had at a restaurant. The most attentive, friendly, professional, wait staff I've seen. The owner(?)/manager(?) brought Anna & I two free oysters after we were discussing gulf oysters and he wanted us to try some of his favorites. Just awesome. As a whole, entirely deserving of the 5 stars. Truly as good as it gets. Can't wait to be back.
Amazing food, great management. Fish is always great with the side it comes with. Fresh home made whisky pound cake is a great light finish to the great launch or dinner there. ONLY IF PEOPLE STOP GOING THERE SO WE CAN ALWAYS HAVE A SIT; WOULD BE GREAT.
I heard some good things about Upstate in the East Village, so decided to give it a try. There's a happy hour from 5pm to 7pm where you get half a dozen oysters plus a beer for $12. Not a bad way to start the evening if you can make it here during that time. Upstate is really a quaint and intimate seafood restaurant. There aren't that many tables for seating, so more often that not there will be a significant wait time for dinner since customers can't make a reservation ahead of time. We arrived around 7pm on a weeknight, Monday, and the wait was approximately 35 minutes. They have a limited menu, but all the things to choose from are carefully selected and are of the highest quality. There's a daily oyster list where you pencil off the quantity and type of oysters you want to feast on that evening. There are may east coast and west coast varieties. We had a dozen oysters mixed, but my favorite were west coast oysters because they were creamy. Many of the east coast varieties had a delicate texture and salty flavor from what I can tell. I had a beer to accompany the oysters, but there is plenty of wine available as well from the menu. Aside from the oysters, we started off with the Squid salad for appetizer which had a slightly sweet vinaigrette over bed of salad. I ordered the fish special of the day which was Swordfish over grilled cauliflower and potatoes. The swordfish was perfectly cooked, it was flaky and dense. It had a firm texture and separated easily at the touch of a fork. My wife had the fettuccine with clams that was equally as tasty. I tried some of it and the pasta was cooked al dente and the clams were nice and firm and not overdone. Service was excellent, water filled in a timely manner. Waiter checks up to see how things are going at respectful intervals without interrupting your meal. When you're through with the meal, and are looking for dessert, you will find none. However they give a complimentary slice of house made whiskey cake. It's a thin sliver, but you can certainly get a burn from the whiskey used to make the treat. It's a nice finish, but you definitely need to go elsewhere to get your sweet tooth satiated.
Best oysters in NYC.  All the food was top notch and the beer selection was great.  The place has a friendly ambiance.   No reservations and the line is almost always long.   But the wait is totally worth it.
Between the service and food, an easy winner. Good luck getting better oysters than upstate!
Can't say enough good things about Upstate. Cozy little placed rucked away on 1st Ave with friendly, knowledgable staff plus fresh, amazing food. Upstate is the place my bf and I come back time after time when we just want a simple night out with good food in an unpretentious environment. There is usually a wait cause the place is pretty small but it's well worth it. We usually just grab a drink few doors down. Some of my favorite are definitely the
Love this place. Excellent service (which can get hectic with a long wait, but Chris was so accommodating with beer samples and casual small talk) and even more excellent was great seafood at an affordable price. 5 stars all the way
This place was nice and cozy, and I would def come back.
Although the spot was tiny and I had to sit at the bar the raw food was delicious and the service was great. Guy behind the bar was very attentive and gave me some whiskey pound cake. The oysters and scallop ceviche tasted very fresh and flavorful. I really enjoyed how they had garlic as a spread for the oysters along with this sort of red vinegar which I've never had before on oysters. The scallop ceviche was great I suggest everyone try that if you're into raw seafood. And the beer was good too I had the strongest one on the menu lol. Only negative thing I can possibly say is get there early because it fills up quick. I got there half hour after it opened (5:30pm) and the only seat available was at the bar. Overall I had a great experience and will definitely be going back. Thanks Upstate!
I hate to even write this because I don't want Upstate to be more crowded than it is....but they deserve a good review. So, Upstate has an excellent happy hour: 5-7pm, includes 6 oysters and a craft beer for $12. Also ordered the fettucine with clams and the cheese plate, all worth an order. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. You can't beat their service - the entire staff, from the door guy to the bartenders/wait staff, are attentive, accommodating, and friendly. They'll even text you if there's a wait so you're not just standing around. Doesn't get any better than this.
Food is amazing but even better is the service. All of the staff clearly are happy and love what they do. They recommended the perfect beers, oysters, and entrees. I'll definitely be back!
Oysters and Champagne!! The Oyster menu consisted of 20 something different oysters from different regions. Our server was very well educated and knowledgeable. Great atmosphere, great vibe, and you can walk in with no reservations. First come first serve.
My favourite place for happy hour oysters so far! The oysters are juicy, and really fresh. We had the crab meat and the clam fettuccine too... totally satisfy our seafood cravings. About $30+ each for everything which is pretty good! Will be back again!!
Just had the best meal here.  My wife and I came with a couple friends from San Diego for her birthday and found this place on Yelp.  We sat at the bar with Shane and he put on quite culinary tour de force.  I had the fettecini with clams, and the fettecini was perfectly cooked.  My wife and a friend had scallops with risotto, and that was perfect, risotto had just the right amount of flavor.  Shane also got my wife a salad with squid, the squid was the best I ever had, tender and flavorful, and the kale was great also.  Great ingredients.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wants an experience that is unique and personal.
I kinda feel bad talking about this place, I'd rather less people go there since it can get pretty crowded, but... My favorite place got oysters in the city! The beer selection always change and they're always great and the oysters are so fresh! Even the music rocks! Love this place!
Gonna try and keep this review small, just like Upstate's hole in the wall space. I was lucky enough to catch up with a friend here while in NYC on a week long business trip from SF, and was really excited to see a great selection of West Coast oysters here in addition to the more standard East Coast & Canadian varieties. What really blew me away (not sure if it was a special) was their $25 lobster bake: A) good luck finding lobster in any city for under $40, and B) this was cooked spectacularly! Not rubbery from being overcooked, not swimming in water from being under-boiled; it was lobster perfection! Will definitely be back on my next trip to NYC.
Delicious oysters, fresh fish, friendly staff, great prices. What else needs to be said?
Very limited menu but the quality of food is outstanding. Seafood fresh from the market each day cooked beautifully. Went on a Wednesday evening at 5:30 and there was no wait as we had heard about on the weekends. I had the scallop special which was done perfectly. My wife had the fettucini and clams which was the best clam dish I've ever tasted. The wait staff was helpful and attentive and the atmosphere was small but cozy. Can't wait to return!
Great happy hour especially if you are a beer drinker.  5-7 pm, half dozen oysters and a craft beer for $12.  They have a selection of 3 oysters that are part of the happy hour deal all local.  They have other oyster options kumamoto, shigoku from WA, a vancouver one, a New zealand one,  All are reasonably priced.  I think the west coast and foreign ones are $3 per piece.  The beers are good too.  Bar tenders and servers are cool.  Will be back.
My wife and I randomly made our way into Upstate. First off they have the friendliest staff ever. And delicious fresh Seafood! The beer selection was diverse. We waited for about 35 minutes until two sets opened up at the bar.  The staff treated us as friends and called me by my name from the moment I walked in. They had an amazing selection of Oysters and gave us great suggestions. I had the Shrimp special and my wife had the fettuccine with clams, they were both absolutely delicious! They even gave us some pound cake to finish our meal. I'd recommend this awesome place to anyone looking to walk out of a New York restaurant super happy.
I've been wanting to try Upstate for awhile and had heard many great things. I went with a friend on a Tuesday around 8 and the wait was only an hour or so - not too bad and they use a site that lets you track where your table is in line. The host also recommended their "sister" wine bar - The Immigrant which was a great place to grab a drink before dinner. The service was on point and the restaurant had an intimate, neighborhood feel. The food was great - we tried several oysters, salmon and tuna tartare, squid salad, fettuccine and clam pasta (absolutely delish), and scallops. I really enjoyed all of the food. The fettuccine and clam pasta isn't something I would typically order but it was full of flavor, not exactly a light dish but worth it and the clams were excellent. Also loved the craft beer selection. The complimentary cake at the end is delish and was the perfect way to end a great meal. Definitely will be heading back!
We came around 8:30pm one night and the place was packed. People weren't really leaving but we were determined to eat here so we waited (they don't take reservations). If you are here during peak hours (which appears to be every hour they are open), be prepared to wait--It's worth it. The manager came over a couple of times to update us on seating and fed us beer samples. When we were finally seated after about 45 minutes, more beer samples came our way. The service here is superb, genuine, and homey. Everything we ordered was great and I would order them again next time. The man sitting next to me at the bar also turned out to be the owner's uncle, which was an added bonus to my meal. Oysters We got two dozen oysters, mostly West Coast. West Coast oysters tend to have a sweeter finish while East Coast oysters have a saltier finish. The Steamboat (Vancouver, BC), was by far my favorite. Grilled Squid Kale Salad Excellent flavoring with the ponzu sauce dressing. Good mixture of chewy (squid) and crunch (kale). I recommend this as a starter. Scallop Risotto This is a perfect example of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts. Individually, the scallops and the risotto were good. But together, the combination was bomb. Fettuccine with Clams I'm usually pretty meh about pasta but this sauce was really good.  The sauce is a heart attack on your plate made from fish stock and white wine along with your usual parmesan cheese, bread crumb, garlic, and onion essentials. Lobster Bake Breadcrumbs and corn were buttery goodness. If you are in the mood for lobster, get this--however, I do recommend considering the Scallop Risotto or Fettuccine with Clams over this if you can't get all of these. Whiskey Cake The name says it all. It's awesome.
Couldn't have been better.   Service, food, beer and whiskey cake for dessert.   squid salad on kale, scallops on brown rice risotto, cheese plate and the fettuccini with clams were all great.  Wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.
Waited an hour to eat here but it was definitely worth it. Got the fettuccine with clams and it was phenomenal.  The sauce was nice and creamy and the clams were fresh. Pasta was cooked just right. The menu is kind of small, but I guess that works for indecisive people. The portion size is also kinda small, doesn't really get a hungry guy full, but don't let that deter you just get something to eat later if you're still hungry. My friends and I got 3 different kinds of beer that they make and they were all fantastic.  I think I had a summer wheat beer with orange it was really good. Would come back again, but maybe if the wait was 30 minutes or something. I guess a party of 3 is kind of hard to seat though so it could be my fault. Don't forget: get the fettuccine with clams and a beer, can't go wrong.
This place is great.   Small, intimate and friendly, they serve excellent seafood that is fresh and inventive. My friend and I started with a round of oysters (a happy hour deal where you get a beer and six oysters for $12).  We tried four varieties.  They were fresh and delicious. We also had the salmon tartare, a delicious spicy squid salad and the crab cakes.  All were delicious. I think when a place nails it on everything they serve at a reasonable price, they deserve a five.
If you're looking for a great atmosphere and awesome beers that are reasonably priced, Upstate is the place. The staff is INCREDIBLY amazing. This is why the East Village is such a great part of NY. Such a personable experience, the staff treats you like family, and creates a comfortable high quality experience for the customers! Love this place!
What's not to love? The $12 happy hour special comes with either beer (selection of 8 beers on tap, local breweries and eclectic varieties) or wine with half a dozen oysters. We ate at the bar and got to meet the awesome owner, Shane, who was able to explain the menu and was super knowledgeable! It also didn't hurt that he was giving everyone at the bar free beer tastings too. Shane told us that the menu changes daily, based on what fresh and local ingredients he gets that day! How awesome is that? The crab cake is amazing and the scallops dish was also one of my faves. Prices so reasonable and portions are just right. Everything is shareable, so bring friends and your appetite. The complimentary whiskey bread is as good as they say!
Come here for the oyster happy hour! You'll be glad you did. This small restaurant serves up some delicious seafood and great beers, and with a $12 happy hour for 6 oysters and beer, it really can't get much better. I was able to try some oysters, the crab cakes, and the fettuccine with clams. All of it was incredibly delicious. And with the beers... now that's the good stuff. There are only a few things that can beat washing down some fresh, never-frozen shellfish with an ice, cold beer. The oysters tasted great and fresh. A little bit of squeezed lemon juice, horseradish, and vinegar or cocktail sauce, and you'll be sent to oyster heaven. They were sweet and smooth, and the variety just makes you want to try them all. The crab cakes were also really good. Some places try to fill their crab cakes with "fillers," but not here. You can really taste the real crab meat in this stuff, and nothing beats the real stuff. The golden-brown, crispy crust just adds another dimension to the soft, tender crab meat. Lastly, that fettuccine with clams was really delicious. I'd have to say that it definitely goes pretty high on my list of seafood pastas. It was simple, yet great tasting. I really appreciate the delicious, clam flavor which complements the pasta so well. The fettuccine also held up well to the fresh, clean clam and garlic flavors. It was all cooked just right- not overdone nor undercooked. The service threw me off guard for a bit, since I couldn't get a good read on my server. Was he mean? Was he nice? I couldn't tell. At first, I thought he was rushing me or thought I was an idiot, but as the meal progressed, he made up for his first impression and definitely impressed me. The only other downside (if you consider my inability to read the server a downside) was the price. The oyster happy hour and the fettuccine with clams were definitely reasonable, but for two crab cakes, albeit very delicious and explosive with crab flavor and meat, were priced pretty high. In short: Oysters: A Crab Cakes: A Fettuccine with Clams: A+ Beer: A Service: A- Price: A- (I'm giving it an A- because the happy hour is more than reasonable, and the fettuccine with clams was also a decent price. It would be an A if it weren't for the crab cakes.) And that whiskey cake... So deliciously moist with a good hint of whiskey. Heavenly! Divine! A great way to cap off an already delicious meal.
Most importantly, the food is delicious. Try the linguine and clams, or try the shrimp. Both were top notch. Service and friendliness was the best I've ever received in NYC. Price was great. There aren't enough kind words to say about this place. I very, very rarely "return" to restaurants (I prefer new experiences, and NYC has no shortage), but I will absolutely return here. Thanks for a stellar meal.
Upstate was unexpectedly small, but we came early and was seated right away. For the Happy Hour we had 4 choices (in bold for HH) of the East and West coast oysters so we had two rounds of those as well as the IPA. The oyster were on the salty side, but we thought it was still good. We had also ordered the Beer Steamed Mussels and the Crab cakes. Crab cakes were amazing with the arugula and habenero honey dressing ... We loved it, it was so tasty! The menu is limited, but I look forward to coming back for the HH as well as to try other items.
They have a very large oysters selection!! everything was super fresh! The staffs are very friendly^^ they are a very busy restaurant, so make sure to come early at 5 o'clock sharp! Otherwise you will have to wait for your table! If you like oysters, upstate is a good restaurant you should visit
Love love love the happy hour. Good variety of oysters and beer. Will be back to sample the menu.
Quality. Went on a Thursday, advised of a 2 hour wait. Put my name in anyways as I was planning on doing some mixology boozing in the area first in any case.  Got texted only an hour later and headed over.  Spot was tiny but nice.   Server was Nathan, good guy. Gave me some oyster suggestions and I forget the name, but one of the West Coast one's was outstanding. I like how they give you a separate ramekin for horseradish as I like mine heavy on that.   Let me taste a beer I was interested in, found it a bit too hoppy so switched to a pretty good pilsner.   Had the scallops which was very good. One small complaint was that they weren't all evenly seared.  Some only had a little bit of searing which makes the mouth a wee bit less happy.  The mushrooms they came with were quite tasty too (and I'm not a shroom lover, ok well I love a Certain kind of shroom wink wink).   Also had the squid salad, great grill/ char flavor to it.   Additionally, we were comped (I'll explain why shortly) a delectable pollock fish with a caper sauce on a bed of veggies. The fish was so tender. I'm actually kind of salivating as I write this, because even the memory of it is tasty.   Also got comped a some pound cake. Was decent, but nothing special. So part of my dinner involved some douche knocking my date's wine glass over (lucky for her she was in the restroom during this) and me getting drenched (thank baby jesus she ordered a rose and not a real red) and said glass shattering on the floor. Mr douche glanced down at the destruction he caused, then continued on his way out w/o even the tiniest of words one expects such as, oh I don't know, "sorry" or "oops" or "ha, sux to be you." In any case, the staff was great in getting it cleaned up and comping me those 2 dishes and our drinks was nice of them. Anyways, when I'm in the mood for good seafood, I'll definitely come back. Need to try those clams n mussels!
TONS OF Oysters!  Happy hour special is 6 select oysters from the daily list and a beer for $12. Can't beat that! Grab seats at the bar, I say...sample some of the freshest bivalves and grab a beer.  Also wine for you people who don't drink beer.  Great looking seafood options for those who fear the shucked raw kind! Super cool spot.  Can't believe it took me over a year and a half to find it.
I HATE SEAFOOD! Then I visited Upstate and now i'm converted.  My wife brought me here for the beer and I reluctantly tried the oysters which to my surprise is quite a good pairing.  Shrimp with spicy rice encouraged my appetite even more.  Lets just say that while I'm not quite a Seafood Lover, I am quite an Upstate Lover ;-)
came here for happy hour on a saturday (they have happy hour everyday) and i had a great time. they have a special of 6 oysters + craft beer for $12. the staff is very friendly - they let me sample each other beers i wanted before i got a full glass. also ordered the mussels, which was good. they give you slices of baguette to dip into the broth. i want to go back and try the scallop mushroom risotto as well as the salmon tartare. note: please stay away from the uni dish. it is not just uni, they have caviar and a  raw egg yolk with ONE uni sliced thinly for $15. not worth it.
Not only the best seafood in NYC, but easily the best seafood I've ever had. Totally worth the wait!! Get the beer steamed clams or the fettuccine with clams. You will be happy you did.
The guy who worked in the front hooked us up with a table. Came in at 7:00 and was immediately seated because someone canceled their reservations. That was a plus. Our waitress was a little too overly attentive.She asked us if our food was okay at least twice for EACH plate of food we received. I'm sure her intentions were good but it can get quite annoying. We ordered the scallops, oysters, clams,crab cakes and the clams fettuccine. The food tasted good, especially the scallops. Now, up to this point, Upstate would probably still receive 4 stars. However my bf caught food poisoning from the food. He spent the entire weekend sick and had to take off work on Monday.  We're thinking it might be either the raw clams or the raw oysters.  I remember eating the clams and it had sand inside of it. Perhaps, it was not properly cleaned.
This is my FAVORITE oyster happy hour. For $12 you get 6 oysters and a beer. How can you beat that ? There isn't a freezer in the whole place so you know they get their oysters fresh daily. If you have any more room post oysters feel free to look into the rest of their menu. The smoked salmon is divine. Last but not least if you're nice they give you a yummy complimentary cake to end your meal. It's pretty small so I wish I can keep this place to myself--but it's too good not to share my experience.
Delicious!!! Awesome happy hour with craft beer, plan to go back.
Went in not having much assumptions. I knew that the place opened a few months ago and that they might still have kinks to work on but a few people have been asking me about it and I've been wondering. It was a saturday night a bit after eight. The bar was full and half of the tables were luckily paying their bills (Not many tables there; probably nine tables that could seat two total). The first of the bunch were paying just as we entered and the host said it'd be five minutes. For a saturday night that was golden. The menu is very basic with about four or five options for apps and the same for the main course. There was an app special up and two main specials. The beer on tap is a really nice local selection and at a nice price too. I'd look forward to some early hopefully not too crowded happy hour sipping being done here on that basis in the future. My table ordered a dozen oysters, four mermaid somethings from Montauk, two other east coasts on the brinier ones from the east coast as well, and some west coast ones that again I can't quite recall. They were all quite fresh and I'm really finicky with oysters enjoying to shuck them myself at home or having them in Long Island every now and then when I'm out there. These were great and now I have a plan b if I miss happy hour at the mermaid for oysters. I don't really trust anywhere else in the nabe for them. Next we had the clams with pasta and huge grilled shrimp with linguini. The resto served them in steel bowls, sort of like mini woks, and that was a cute way to present them. Both dishes were pretty delicious. I had the shrimp and served it with the head on them. I took them down like eating fried shrimp japanese style and they were crisply like that too. We shared a bass special they had served on a bed of fingerly potatoes and stewed kale or collard greens. The fish was served naked so to speak without sauces and it was great. The fish and the quality of it, fresh, spoke for itself. The whiskey cake was a nice touch at the end, nothing amazing but still a nice touch. My plus one called it whiskey pound cake jokingly. The crowd was an interesting mix of yuppies and couples looking for a new alternative for a date. The seating is tight but there are stools facing the wall across from the bar to eat at as well. The kitchen is open and in plain view right before walking to their only restroom .All in all it was a good experience and like I said it'll be a keeper and a welcomed addition to the nabe. I was skeptical like I am with most new places but my gut said that it might work.
So finally made it to Upstate after a longgggg wait.  I've actually been told "come back tomorrow" on previous visit due to its packed wait list.  Unlike most people, I actually wasn't thrilled.  Here's the breakdown: Wait Time: 1 hour (this was approx. 7pm on a Tue night) Service: Excellent Drinks: craft beers and wine list (I got my Riesling as usual and fulfilled my senses) Oysters: it's pretty much a must here.  I asked my waitress to choose a dozen east coast for me and they were definitely fresh, juicy, meaty.  Favs goes to Misty Point from VA and somewhere in Rhode Island! Here's where the disappointment and thus 3 stars comes in.... Got the Tuna and Salmon tartar and it was "bleh".  I've had various tartars a bunch of times before and each time was excellent.  The portion size wasn't impressive, even for an app, but I thought the bread that came with it really brought down the dish.  The bread wasn't toasted, kind of tough, and really didn't stand up to the tartar which was okay.  Nothing to brag about. Next tried the sea urchin (uni) dish....again...I've had much better uni than this.  It's also paired with the non-toasted super chewy not-worthy-carbs mentioned above.  The portion for this one was even tinier than the tartar. I'm pretty sure I need to come back to try the other dishes...or just come back during HH to catch better prices.  Otherwise Upstate will remain a 3 in my book :(
Just came here last night for dinner with two other guest.  I happily sat at the bar enjoying the happy hour special which was delicious.  I'm personally not a huge fan of oysters but I did enjoy them especially the west coast ones.  I also received a brilliant explanation from the bartender regarding the different types of oysters which was helpful for someone like myself.  The bartender was also very helpful in assisting me with getting a table for my party of 3 since most tables are for 2.  She was always asking if my party was ready when a table opened up which I appreciated instead of passing my name just because they weren't physically present yet.   The overall meal was delicious as well.  Ordered the cured salmon and squid to start as well as several more oysters for the table.  Not a huge fan of cured salmon more of a squid type of person but I thought the salmon was exceptional.  Personally I thought the squid tasted a little too much like the grill and lacked seasoning or salt.  I have not complaints about the grill flavor but I just think there should have been some more salt but with that being said I'm no chef.   For the main plates we shared four mains between us and there were no complaints.  However the highlight was definitely the clam fettuccine which is a must. The service was also amazing and this place definitely does live up to the hype on yelp.  I was afraid I would be disappointed because of all the high praise but i will definitely be coming again soon. I also love how the establishment takes an interest in the voice of their customers.
I love this place! Oyster apps,  Salmon tartare, scallops over brown rice risotto and great beer selection! Service and the friendly atmosphere are equally great!
Scallop special and oysters are really good! And I love rock shrimp, too. But other experience is not as good as their food. No reservation means you need to wait 2 hours or more for a table. That's fine for me as you are waiting for really good food. But as we were told it maybe 3 hours, we walked around and ate something else. After all it's east village! When it was our turn, we were all half full. We just ordered one main dish and some appetizers, and of course oysters to share. But waiter seemed not happy with it and we need to see his face every time we need to add something or need something... That's not a good experience...
Down to earth place where you can sit back and enjoy good vibes and sea food. The staff is awesome and very welcoming too. I personally never really liked oysters but this place made me change my mind. Plus, they treated me to whiskey cake and that would have won me over but the fettuccine with clams beat them to it. Oh yeah, the watermelon beer is soooo good. I officially love this place.
went here on a date with my girlfriend (cuz she likes seafood - me, on the other hand, am cool with a burger and fries at mcdonalds but can enjoy quality food on occasion).  the place is quaint and intimate (and seemingly clean). got there at 6:30pm on a monday night and was warmly/casually greeted by a nice waitress.  there was only one other couple at the oyster bar -  by the end of our meal, the place was getting packed. we ordered some raw oysters.  mind you, i am NOT a fan of raw things - including oysters (food should be cooked over fire... *grunt*).  however, my girlfriend encouraged me to try some and i did.  it turns out that i actually enjoyed them.  they were fresh (shane, the owner said he bought them that morning).  i think i am now more open to raw things.  my girlfriend, who's a little more refined, said the oysters were pretty durn good/fresh.  however, i must say though that the two oysters we ordered from the west coast (one from canada and the other ?washington?) were a bit briny.  i'm not sure if it's due to freshness or the waters, but, that taste wasn't too pleasant (for me). we also ordered the bouillabaisse.  the older i get, the more i am starting to appreciate the nuances of food.  i liked how the seafood was the star of the bouillabaisse and not any particular spice or combination of spices.  we were able to enjoy each seafood ingredient for what it was with minimal spice thievery. thanks upstate (jennifer and shane) for making my date a good one and being excellent at what ya'll do.  keep it up!  we'll definitely be back.
Fresh and well prepared seafood. What more can you ask for? The wait was 30-45 mins at 8pm on Tuesday. The grilled squid w/ kale salad, the hake w/ mixed vegetables, and the fettuccine w/ clams were all delicious. All dishes are reasonably priced and the happy hour special is pretty awesome too. Free whiskey cake at the end of the meal. Great food and ambiance to be shared with great friends. See you there!
Upstate is a small restaurant and they have a pretty good happy hour special of 6 oysters and a beer for $12.00.  This really draws in the crowds so expect it to be difficult to get a table during happy hour.  They have a number of specialty New York beers and the watermelon was amazing.  For my entree I ordered the boullabaisse and unfortunately I thought it was a bit bland.  Although it had the right flavor profile I was hoping for, you could tell it probably needed to reduce further to concentrate that seafood goodness.  It was a pretty healthy portion of fish, a scallop, one large shrimp, and the rest mostly comprising of mussels and clams.  Service was good and there was nothing inherently bad about my food.  It just seemed like it could use a little tweaking.  Overall a decent restaurant.
The Coveys have an awesome spot to enjoy several delicious brews and bivalves.  Staff is fun, engaging, and incredibly knowledgeable about their oysters.  It is a fact that the proprietor goes to Hunts Point fish market late at night to select the best and freshest oysters that are available.  Can't wait to come back and get a little slice of that sweet whiskey cake!  Enjoy!
This tiny little seafood spot is a gem amongst the Indian BYOBs of 1st Avenue! They don't take reservations and the spot fills up quickly after work, so be prepared to wait awhile if you don't get there early. My friend and I came here to catch up over drinks and mussels after work one night. I got the pot of mussels and she got some sort of mixed seafood pot with prawns, mussels and scallops. Both portion sizes were huge and neither of us were able to finish the whole pot. I think next time, I'd share a pot with someone and then get a side - that would be plenty to feed two people. The wine selection was good and not overpriced and we each had a glass of red wine over dinner. They have fans on at all times during the summer, and it actually got quite chilly in there surprisingly, so I would take a cardigan with you if you tend to get cold.
Upstate really has the best selection and quality of seafood I've found so far- the scallop ceviche was outstanding and the crab cakes and oysters were on par. The service was great, but the seating was a bit cramped.
Loved it. Great good, great small environment for conversations and amazing service. The bartender worked with us on trying a different wines before deciding on a bottle. The food was all cooked perfectly and wasn't too expensive (for New York). Definitely worth the trip.
Upstate is absolutely THE best oyster happy hour you will find in the city.  Six oysters and a craft beer for $12?  Can't beat that, especially considering they have east and west coast options included.  The oysters from B.C. were fantastic and I was happy to get a dozen.  We even got some Shigokus on the side which are my fav.   As for food, Upstate gets really creative with the different fresh fish options.  Squid salad was really good like other yelpers say, I especially like the char from the grill, but you have to eat it hot.  Not as good after it sits around so I recommend you order that early as an app.  The charcuterie was good, like any other good place.  The trout in brown butter was cooked perfectly.  Mmm.  The uni spread dish was a bit underwhelming, but that may be because I was uni-ed out from the previous night.  But the mussels are really as delicious as the reviews say.  You WILL ask for extra bread to soak up the broth because it is that tasty.  I personally thought the clam fettucine was the best but that's because I don't like too much sauce and appreciated that the noodles were not soaked in sauce. The whiskey cake is awesome.  And it came out with a cute little candle for my BF's birthday.  Actually, if you care at all about service, the guys at Upstate are fantastic.  Nathan was our guy and we loved him.  Really helpful and honest with food and drink recommendations and overall such a nice guy.  Shane was also stellar with helping us get a table on a Saturday.   Overall, great place to check out for dinner and/or happy hour 7 days of the week!  Piece of advice- wait around for the table.  Turnaround was surprisingly quick.
I really liked the food, beer and experience here. We had the oysters happy hour. I tried the blueberry beer and another one. They were both equally awesome. The oysters were a bit grimy and fishy. I've had better ones but I guess it might not be the season for them anymore? We also had the seafood bouillabase which was delicious but it was basically a mussle and clam bouillebase with only one scallop and one shrimp and a few little pieces of fish in it.. Still tasty though. We spoke to our waiter about this, especially because we were sharing our dish and they were nice enough to bring us another piece of scallop to share. So the little hiccup was resolved. We went on a saturday rainy evening around 7 just in time to catch the happy hour and were seated right away. Overall a good experience.
Fresh oysters, vibrant atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing entrées. Went there to take advantage of their happy hour oyster special and ended up staying for dinner. Food was delicious.
omg why didn't I try this place earlier?! We got there on Sunday just before 6pm, the wait was about 40 mins. But we made it in time for happy hour (5-7pm)- and it was the best! Oysters were soooo fresh and good. I could have a dozen more. We also ordered salmon and mussels, they both were yumm! Our waiter was friendly and everything went smooth. My friend didn't like it, but I personally loved the whiskey cake that they gave us for free at the end. We had great, great time, will definitely have to come back here. Dear oyster fans out there, Even if you aren't in the neighborhood, it's worth to travel to east village to try their oysters. Come early to avoid a long wait. and to take advantage of happy hour!
Nice atmosphere, Staff is really nice, fast and helpful Reasonably priced. Food is ok, not outstanding but good. Four stars becasue the drinks were actually pretty good (Otherwise for the food would go to three stars)
I love this place, especially in the summer when they open the front up for all to see how you snagged one of the tables.   Fantastic deal: $12 for 6 oysters of your choice + a beer.  Perfectly lubricates you for some of the freshest seafood in town.  The oyster list is phenomenal. Don't forget their charcuterie platter. Generous portions, wonderful sliced meats and they make their own MUSTARD.  Who does that? If you want to play it safe, get their linguine with clam sauce.  It is absolutely delicious.  Thickened slightly with bread crumbs the sauce is clam-y and rich, not the oily salt water that you usually find at other places. Get anything with their seasoned rice. You know all those chef memoir books where they talk on and on about the armies of great soldiers back in the kitchen from all over South America?  Well they took their grandmother's rice recipe and churn it out along with whatever is fresh that day.  I happily had it with enormous grilled prawns last time I went. Everyone knows - no dessert.  But the whiskey cake is buttery and moist. It makes for a great ending.  By the end of the night you'll have consumed enough beer, wine and salt anyway to have any appetite for anything too sugary anyway. Loses one star because they should let large groups (not enormous - 6-8 tops) make a reservation if they leave a credit card. It's totally selfish but I really want to host a dinner here.
My boyfriend and I checked into our hotel in the LES and were ravenous for some food. We checked Yelp and saw "oysters and beer" and were sold. The place is TINY- we walked in and it was pretty packed. A group of 5-6ish in front of us got turned away, but the host graciously let us know that we could get beer at the bar while we waited. I loved the small but varied beer selection. Same with the menu. It makes me feel better that a restaurant is dedicated to producing 10 top notch dishes instead of 20+ mediocre ones. Curation is great. We ordered PEI oysters (great suggestion from the waitress since I like smaller oysters), salmon tartare, ceviche, crab cake, scallops and of course the clam fettuccine. Everything was SO good. Fettuccine was the star of the show! Whiskey cake to end the night was great. The wait staff was fantastic throughout the whole night, from the host to our waitress who graciously let us switch to a larger table when one of my good friends serendipitously walked through the front door. I will definitely be back, as this is one of my favorite places in NYC so far. Can't really beat a combo of delicious seafood, beer, great waitstaff and a cozy tiny restaurant!
Celebrated my fiance's 31st here.  Knowing they didn't take reservizzies, we stopped in earlier than we wanted to eat dinner to put our name in.  We were told 30-45 min, and I gave the host my digits.  He knew my area code to be from upstate NY, and turns out we are from the same town! we wandered to the Bourgeois Pig for a cocktail.  No sooner did we order our drinks than we get a text to say our table would be ready shortly, and to come back for our seats.  I texted back saying we just ordered, can we have 30 min?  He said no problemo, he'll text again.   Well, he didn't text us back, so we just wandered back to the restaurant anyway.  There was a table available, and we were seated immediately. We ordered a lot of food, because it all looked so great.  Crab cakes were legit -- full of fresh lumpy crab.  The kale/octopus salad was amazing; octopus cooked perfectly and the kale dressed with a perfect vinagrette.   We tried some oysters, too, and I couldn't tell you which ones.  I'm not a huge oyster person, but the west coast (read: less salty) were pretty good.   The scallops were done perfectly, too: nice and sweet.  The mussels were also quite nice, and we kept getting bread for dipping in the beer-broth.   At the end of the meal, the owner bought us a round of drinks after bonding over our being from the same hometown.  It looks like many people were regulars, or that he befriended a lot of his customers.  That's how you do business.  I love upstate!!
Excellent variety of beer with almost daily changes of the craft beers.
Came here for happy hour as a pre-dinner "snack" so we just got the oyster special, 6 oysters and a beer for $12. I got here at 6:00pm on a Saturday night and nabbed the last table in the restaurant. After I sat down, everyone was put on a waiting list for at least 45 minutes. The service was friendly and attentive. The restaurant is very small and can only accommodate a small number of parties at once, including seating at the bar. My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed the oysters although I found some shards of oyster shells, which was quite unpleasant. They had a pretty good selection of the east coast oysters and a good list of craft beer. I will be sure to come back for some real dinner next time! Love that they offer happy hour every single night. Oh, and they give you complimentary whiskey cake when you get your bill. I LOVED IT! Never had anything like it before!
Boyfriend and I managed to squeeze in Upstate right before their happy hour ended. We've been eyeing this place for a while because of their fantastic happy hour deal ($12 for 6 oysters and craft beer...doesn't get much better than that!) We are both big oyster fans and this place blew our socks off! The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive and the raw oysters (and clams!) were fresh, briny, and delicious. My boyfriend is a huge fan of raw clams. The first time I tried one (at the Mermaid Inn) it must not have been very fresh because it tasted very fishy (and I mean like actual fish, but also suspicious too I suppose...) and I was left wondering why he likes them so much. Well Upstate set me straight because their rosy pink littleneck clams are absolutely delicious. We also tried their beer steamed clams/mussels which they will give you a mix of if you cannot make up your mind about which one you want. It was also very good and they thoughtfully give you toasted baguette so you can sop up every delicious last drop. Their whiskey cake dessert is tasty too but it's the oysters and clams that keep drawing us back. Good variety of West Coast and East Coast oysters at an affordable price, even without happy hour. I am from Seattle so I was pretty impressed at the variety of oysters on the menu that I have never heard of. We have been back here another couple times since and it has never disappointed.
Delicious, back in NYC and had to have Blue Points and Upstate delivered.  Nice HH  deal (6) w/ beer for $12.  Had the linguine w/ clams, soooo good and garlic-y....and the clams were so plump! Soft shell crap was great too....they just need to crank up the AC on hot summer days!!
I stopped being a brat and went back, now Upstate is one of my favorite places :) They have a great wine selection. The Scallops and Mushrooms Risotto is really good but the Fettuccine with Clams is to die for! Sometimes the wait is a little ridiculous but it's worth it.
I can't believe it took me this long to finally swing by, despite living in the area for nearly a year now. They have a fantastic happy hour which runs 5-7pm each day which many of you probably already know. You should arrive by 5:15pm to get a two-seater else there will be a wait. Bringing groups larger than 4 look to be incredibly difficult. The first thing I noticed was how friendly the staff was with all of their customers. Many of the visitors seemed to be regulars who knew the owners here on a first name basis. Great sign for any business. The happy hour oysters are off of a more limited selection but there is good range of west and east coast varieties ranging from the creamier to brinier. Was a huge fan of the Fanny Bay and the Blue Points. Beer menu is simple and full of good local craft beers. Had the mocha stout and it did not disappoint. How can you not like a beer made with chocolate and coffee? Rich and foamy. We also shared a fettuccine dish which came with a number of clams and was cooked in what I believe was a very rich garlic/olive oil/parmesan cheese mixture. Clams tasted great and the pasta was al dente. I thought it was almost too rich and having a lighter/acidic balance would help the dish but it was still very good. At the end, we got a little slice of their whisky cake--it is best described as a pound-cake infused with lots of whisky. The alcoholic flavor really comes through, and I enjoyed each bite. Overall, a neighborhood gem which seems poised to make its presence known for a while.
The oysters here are amazing! We ordered cured meats, scallops, and shrimp for dinner. They were doing a special  old summer menu but we did t really like the dishes that much. Scallops were rubbery and off. If I come back, it would definitely be during happy hour an only get oysters. We tried several different oysters here but the Hands down favorite was the wellfleet. It was creamy and yummy I could have ate a dozen myself.  3 stars for the food, 5 for the oysters, avg out to 4.
Hole in the wall place but great prices! Happy hour special 5-7pm  12 dollars for 6 oysters and a beer.  The oysters options are East coast and West coast oysters and the one's that are bolded in black are part of their happy hour special. But there are so many options like 20 choices and at all decent prices. Overall I really enjoyed the Long Island oysters the best- they were gigantic- like the size of my hand-and meaty and scrumptious. The craft beer is on a rotational basis I believe, and my friends and I all got different beers and they were all equally delicious. My favorite is the stout- I love me some good tasting stout. We were all pretty stuffed from the oysters but I had to order the mussels that is steamed in some type of beer. Again a huge portion and the mussels were quit tasty. I kept seeing pictures of their infamous whiskey cake on yelp, but when I arrived I didn't find it on the menu. One of my friend stated "it's rumored that the whiskey cake is given for free". We were all wondering if it was really true. Atlas we  finally got the check, on top was a few slices of their FREE whiskey cake.  Yes it really is true, they give free cake!! This was  the highlight of the meal, and I'm not only saying it because it was free, but because it was a moist and light pound cake that was spiked with whiskey. It was amazing. can't wait to come back to try their other seafood items and to get some free cake again ;)
A fabulous little spot around the corner from my apartment, which serves up some super fresh oysters! They have a huge selection of oysters, which you select almost sushi style from a paper list.  The fettuccine with clams is spectacular and worthy of the praises laid on it.  I usually have a glass of vino, but my friends indulge in their craft beers.  Their complimentary whiskey cake is a perfect way to cap a great meal!
Awesome food and great staff. Happy hour is one of my favorite in the city. Real ale selection changes weekly, nice wines by the glass.
Everything about the experience was top-notch. The three of us shared a bunch of amazing, plump, fresh oysters. The crab cakes were amazing but the little arugula salad with honey/habanero dressing they came with almost stole the show. The squid in the squid salad was so flavorful with a perfect char. My friends had the fettuccine which they loved, but I had the fish of the day with sriracha butter, broccoli, cauliflower, and potatoes and it was pretty much a perfect dish. The staff is friendly and eager to tell you about their offerings. Don't miss it.
Excellent hidden gem in East Village.  Food is tasty.  Beer and wine choices are top notch.  Most importantly, servers are friendly, knowledgeable, and make the experience even better.  Would highly recommend trying the staples on your first visit, the clam linguine and scallops/shrimp dish.
Amazing. Perfect for a summer night in the city with the simple seafood menu.
24 oysters piled up, a small ramequin of cocktail sauce, and 2 lemons not the greatest presentation for a $65 plate. Now let's talk about the ceviche. 5 small chunks of scallops served on a plate with chopped red peppers is not a ceviche! Then we ordered the cheese and charcuterie platter. Again small lil portion of dry charcuterie and tasteless cheese. After $200 spent on a high top, I wake up this morning food poisoned! Never again!
Upstate definitely met my needs for some fresh oysters.  We went there on a Wednesday night and was surprised to see how packed it was.  We put our name down with 30 minutes expected wait and got a phone call that our table was ready in 30 minutes.  Pretty impressive with their estimates. Food:  They had variety of oysters from both Westcoast and Eastcoast.  We decided to sample different oysters and ordered 4 different kinds.  They were all so fresh!  Like other oyster places, they were served on a bed of ice along with vinegar, horse radish, and cocktail sauce.   We also ordered the whole large shrimps and it was grilled to perfection!  Seafood bouillabaisse was also flavorful and had fresh ingredients. Drinks:  Great selection.  I only looked at the draft beer menu and it was very selective (but impressive list).  While it wasn't a long list, it covered different types of beer to meet your needs.   Decor:  It has nice and thick wooden tables and open brick walls.  Loved the overall environment in the place.  Not a great place for a large group!  I would say 6 = max. Service: Again, very impressive with their estimated wait.  Our waitress was very friendly and efficient with her service.  I think they were slightly caught offguard how busy it was on a Wednesday night, but she made sure we had everything we needed. I would definitely go there, especially if I can make it to their happy hour!
Yes. This place is wonderful. Nice, friendly staff. They know everything about the oysters they have on the menu. (as they should) And they have whiskey cake at the end. I am happy to live so close.
Yummmyyy!!! Upstate happened to be open after a wonderful show at the upright citizens brigade and was the perfect spot for dinner. We sat in the middle of the restaurant at the high table deemed "the lucky table" whatever that means?!   The restaurant wasn't too crowded and noisy which was great because it was after 9pm on a weeknight.  Our waiter was lovely and very straightforward with his recommendations... Squid salad is a must! We ordered the scallops and ceviche and split everything.  Each dish was really enjoyable.  I think my favorite was actually the sea bass ceviche-super fresh seafood and great flavors.  The squid salad was also great, kale salad added a bit of sweetness to the grilled flavors.  The sea scallops were very good.  Overall wonderful experience and I would love to go back!
Extremely fresh and delicious sea food. Try clams during happy hour, as well as beer. Crab cake is amazing!
Love this spot!  Food is fresh, cooked to perfection and the menu changes often which is always good.  Friendly staff.  Went with some friends, had a very good time!  But also good for a date, a casual time, whatever you'd like it to be.  Will be back!
Be warned! Guaranteed wait - but well worth it :) not to mention - they put you on a waiting list and let you know when the table is ready via text!!! (1) The Crab Cakes were incredible. The outside was nice and crispy while the meat was moist and sweet. Blew my mind. (2) Clam Linguine is as amazing as everyone proclaimed. If you love garlic - you will love this dish. Buttery, minced garlic with claims. What's there not to love? (3) Scallop mushroom risotto. My experience with this will be biased since I found a piece of hair in it. However, the scallop was cooked to perfection - buttery and smooth. The risotto was well... :( The waitress immediately removed the plate and offered another entree at no cost to us!! Accidents happen, so not to dwell! (4) Replacement was with a fish entree. The skin was crispy and the meat was a little more dense than I expected - however it was due to the type of fish. I cleaned the plate. I will come back here, over and over and over again - despite what happened! That is just how DELICIOUS the food is.
When we went, they had three oysters on the happy hour menu: East coast Village Bay PEI and Blue Points Long Island, and West coast Chef Creek Baynes Sound. Happy hour is a great deal: $12 for a craft beer and 6 oysters (of the ones they pick out for happy hour). At 6pm on a weekday, they were already filling up. Off the regular menu that day (everything $2-3), we also ordered some Vancouver Evening Coves, California Kumamotos, and BC Kusshis. Our favorite is the Kusshi; it gives a nice balance of buttery and briny. If I weren't going to Luzzo's for pizza afterward, I would've gotten the delicious-sounding fettuccine with clams, scallop risotto, and whiskey cake. I'll be back.
Ambiance 3.5 Service 4.5 Food 4 The threes of us sat at the bar and received wonderful service from the owner. He was so patient with my annoying wife who wasn't sure what sort of oysters she wanted.  Ultimately she tried 8 different types of oysters...their selection was quite expansive with about 20 different types. Additionally, the local beer selection was satisfying.  You can tell the owner takes pride in his restaurant and craft...he is proud of his sourcing abilities and his upstate roots.  The wood used in the restaurant are reclaimed from a barn he owns or owned and the beers also reflect his hometown roots. The cold cuts were a nice surprise as they are usually boring but his plate was full of flavor and kick.  Remember, this is mainly an oyster and beer place with a few seasonal grilled or seared non-oyster seafood items. Great local place with friendly and charming service.
The best casual seafood + beer experience in NYC, hands down. Very groovy and outdoor ambiance made even better by its unique, high quality offerings: A simple, catch-of-the-day style menu that is equally creative as well-executed. I appreciate how they have no in house freezers, meaning their seafood is top notch fresh (and you can absolutely taste the difference). Recommendations: -Scallops over risotto -Fish stew -Fried fish of the day (tasted like the luxury version of fish fillet, and I mean that in the most delicious way possible. the Brussels sprouts underneath were well done also!) A neat craft beer selection that just isn't found elsewhere -A friendly staff member provided a sample of a rare brew. Just fantastic, and I'm sure it's indicative of all the flavors on tap at Upstate. I sure plan on ordering a glass myself next time. Oh, and I can attest that their whiskey pound cake is delicious. Very nice house compliment to wrap up the meal. Great prices and service at this hole in a wall too. Shout out to Nathan and Shane for serving us...great experience and I hope to revisit soon.
My girl and i dined there twice. We come back for good food and for a friendly service, not too intrusive, just right. And of course i have to mention the food! The fresh oysters special is a must-have, together with the cured salmon board. Both are to die for! We prefer sitting at the bar, plenty of space and a fast service. Thank you!
I came here a little after happy hour (okay, 45 minutes), so instead of the oyster happy hour special, I got the fettuccine with clams and a Brooklyn Soriachi ale. The pasta dish was circled on top by ten or so clams, with diced garlic in them. The fettuccine sat in garlic-y, crumb shell crust which was delectable. I sat at the bar, and the bartender was especially friendly and quite attentive. I'll be back here next seafood hankerin'.
Came back a few weeks after my first visit-- still very much delicious despite the limited selection. Keep in mind that you need to wait quite a bit. My wait times have varied from 1-2 hours.
I needed to update my comments on Upstate after a recent experience with some out of town friends: Came back a third or fourth time for happy hour.  We came at 6pm, put our names/phone number in and were told a 40 minute wait.  Went down the street to DBA for a drink and then came back shortly before 7 (when happy hour ended) to see if we couldn't squeeze in.  The intent was for a pre-dinner appetizer as we were jonesing for the completely adequate and affordable Indian next store.  We asked the host if we could still get in for happy hour (otherwise we were going to just go to dinner) and he said since we had been waiting, they would be happy to serve us.  This was an awesome attention to customer service - they didn't have to do this.  We ended up only ordering three of the specials for the four of us and they still gave us whiskey cake at the end. I have never had this level of service in NYC, or really anywhere else - these guys (and gals) are quality people who obviously take great pride in their service and product.  I cannot stress enough how wholesomely good this place is.
Great seafood place and great food for the prices. Our waiter was particularly helpful with oyster recommendations based on our taste preferences, and the lobster bake was tasty. Also the complimentary cake at the end was a yummy way to end a great meal! Not a big restaurant but great for a meal with a friend or two with a warm atmosphere.
Oysters were great, I think we had 5 different types of oysters. The scallop special was very salty, crab cakes were pretty fishy.
I only came here for drinks. Beers were ok. Typical bar. A little fratty though.
This place is amazing!! My first time there they made me feel like I was a loyal customer of 20 years! I was skeptical about oysters until I went there! Love the lobster bake! this place is officially my date night spot with my girlfriend!!!!!
So I've been coming back several times and I must admit every time I have returned the food and service has been great. Waiter/ bar staff: friendly, attentive, and pleasant.   Oysters: I'm very happy with the selection they have, always very good.  Sometimes they have oysters you haven't heard of so that's interesting! Beer/ wine selection: all pair very well with the food.  They compliment the taste and not over power flavor. Food: from the fettuccine to the fish, consistently good flavor. Timing also on point! Wish it could accommodate more people so I didn't have to wait but I suppose if they got any larger it won't be the same. Thank you upstate for being my favorite seafood restaurant!
This place was awesome! I totally coming here. :)
I missed the happy hour, but decided to have the expensive ass oysters anyway. took yelpers' advice and just ordered every oyster from New England/east coast. came here with a friend. He decided to drown hot sauce on all the oysters so by the time we got to the end, all I tasted was hot sauce. I don't know what we had ordered, Salmon carpaccio or something. it was ok. I do however appreciate the free beer you get while you wait for your seat. this place is TINY!!! but cute. I'm guessing it was the owner that offered us a free drink. he was super adorable. definitely knows his beer and his oysters. all the oysters were extremely fresh and very good although a few were really really good. I couldn't tell you which ones though, there were just too many oysters on our plate. you're just gonna have to try them all! lol. and that's not me trying to get you to try them all, I'm just being honest, I can't remember which is which. sorry! there was like 30 oysters! don't act like you're not planning on trying them all eventually anyway. live a little, it's worth it.
Well I'm Disappointed! I don't know what all the hype is about?? We sure weren't blown away by the food here. Sorry... I read on a review - "Upstate is the best restaurant in NYC". To that all I can say is bullshit. I know your city can do better then this. It was a real kick In the teeth... Maybe it was that we had high expectations for this place and were so excited about it. ORDERED DOZEN OYSTER (happy hour with 2 beers) - Oysters were fresh but unfortunately not shucked the best. Had pieces of shell and grit through them. Won't be rushing back for more from here. CURED SALMON - Was presented well and tasted ok. Little oily. Not really a challenging or mind blowing snack. It was basically smoked salmon add some oil and capers. CHEESE BOARD - Good selection of cheeses. Ran out of toast/bread but the waiter got us some more without us having to ask which was good. *service was good here* SCALLOP SPECIAL - Scallops tasted fresh and cooked great. Risotto let this dish down. Was claggy and tasted quite bland. PRICE - All up I think it was $80. Quite expensive for a meal that was more like a snack. Not really pushing any culinary boundaries with any of these dishes.   Can tick this one off the list... The service saved this from loosing more stars.
Really cool little Oyster place. Happy Hour is amazing 5-7pm. It cannot be beat $12 bucks get you 6 oysters and a craft beer! Thats basically a buck an oyster. Gotta say that the New England Oysters are where its at thou, sorry NY and West Coast. Great atmosphere and the smells from the pasta dishes were hard to say no to.
When we arrived at 8 pm there was an hour wait but we went around the corner to have drinks at the Lion and the Toucan while we waited.  They texted us when a table was ready.  The owner and staff are funny and super friendly.  The west coast oysters WERE amazing.  No frozen oysters -- all of the ones the waiter recommended were extremely rich, clean, and succulent.  They gave great service... offering us a rich chocolately beer to taste that went great with the cheese plate we ordered.  I ordered a champagne (the owner's wife's favorite on the menu).  Will definitely be going back to try the pastas and other dishes... !!!!
Absolutely phenomenal. The experience is very cozy, warm, and local. I am a big fan of seafood and places like Aqua Grill are great but don't have the relaxed feel that Upstate provides. I had a half dozen oysters. All very delicious. Followed by the fettuccine clam dish. Very simple clean fresh flavors. Doesn't over reach but by no means is it boring or unsophisticated. Service was fantastic and the ambiance/vibe was perfect. Couldn't have asked for a better experience.
So good! Freshest oysters in the EV plus the service is so friendly (I had a few beers but I wanted to hug them when I left). I was so happy eating dinner here and I can't wait to go back. Also split the cioppino which was equally delicious and the broth was drinkable.
its small bar type hole in the wall kind of restaurant, customer service is excellent.  i wouldnt recommend the west coast oysters, they didnt taste very fresh! the main entrees were good size proportions, not overly huge, and very good, the shrimps and scallops specials were excellent!
Not impressed especially given the hype. Went with a few friends for an early dinner on a weekday. Fortunately no wait! Unfortunately the food was mediocre. Scallop ceviche was bland. I got the beer steamed mussels and did not think they were anything special. I've had much better mussels in MANY places. The beers were fine, but for the price, not a great meal.
Upstate is a modern- rustic decorated Oyster Bar and Craft Beer restaurant.  The interior has lots of wood panels and the tables have what look like large tree trunks split and sanded into tabletops.  Some of the chairs and tables are high up and some are regular.  They have small tables and some that can fit four when placed together.  There is a bar in the back area.  The place is pretty narrow in the back and the restaurant is pretty small in size.  They have a very small menu and all are seafood items.  For the happy hour special from 5pm-7pm, they have 6 raw oysters with a beer. Menu had only a few items.  I had the ciopinno, seafood stew for $18 and sis had the fettucine with clams for $15.  Besides what we ordered they had swordfish with polenta and vegetables and beer steamed mussels or clams.  The orders came in round silver pans that also double as lids.  So when placed together they resemble silver globes with handles.  The ciopinno was a tomato based broth with a medley of seafood.  They had a scallop, clams, mussels, fish meat and shrimp with heads.  The seafood was exceptionally fresh.  They also give you toasted slices of bread to sop up all the goodness. The broth was tomato-ey, spicy, and there were very soft, cooked onions in the broth.  The flavors are delicious and the food good.  The fettucine had a lot of garlic in it and it was very tasty.  Pasta was cooked perfectly, not overcooked.  They also give you a very, very thin sliver of whiskey cake for free.  The whiskey cake is a real hit!  They should sell it in bigger slices.  It reminds me of those rum cakes that you get from the Caribbean and Florida.  Moist, it wasn't overly sweet and tasted like a rich bundt-pound cake infused with whiskey. Waitress was very attentative, almost hovering in the beginning.  She had a brisk, no-nonsense demeanor and did ask how everything was and took away any crowded lids used as garbage and refilled the water all in a timely fashion.  The host by the door was friendly.  They don't except reservations, so if you want to beat the crowd and the noise, come early.
The happy hour is unbeatable. $12 for 6 oysters and a beer. The menu however is a little limited to seafood... Nice service but the table a little too small and the chair is a little too hard...
The reputation of Upstate on Yelp is pretty remarkable and the only thing that can top its reputation is their incredible happy hour. Oysters here are normally $2.70 per, but $12 for 6 oysters and a pint of beer? Take my money please. I tried one of each oyster that was available during happy hour. I'm by no means an oyster connoisseur and to be honest, I don't remember the name of each variety I tasted.  However, I do know that they were among the freshest I've ever had - as if they from the ocean straight to your table (yeah, that good). You can absolutely tell that they were not frozen. There is also a good variety of local NY craft beers on tap that I would not be able to get at any standard LA bar. If I ever come back, I'll definitely have to try their infamous whiskey cake. When I think of the East Village in New York, this charming little restaurant accurately fits the bill. From quality to service, everything was on point and simply delightful. Tip: 5-7pm daily happy hour (even on weekends)! Restaurant fills up quick due to its smaller size, so be sure to get here early.
This place knocked my socks off. The oyster and beer happy hour special was phenomenal. The craft beer was awesome. The crab cakes were a flavor explosion. The lobster bake was amazing...which included some of the best potatoes and corn that I have ever tasted. Now for the whiskey cake...what a wonderful way to end a meal...what a wonderfully buttery, whiskey-ey, super tasty way to end a meal. And the service...THE SERVICE...let's just say that our server was top-notch....definitely some of the best service I have ever experienced in my life. You must dine here! If you don't want to wait for a table, get there closer to 5p.
This is my new favorite restaurant.  Huge selection of oysters and a cheese plate to die for.  Best of all happy hour from 5 to 7pm (half a dozen oysters and a beer for $12).
Hands down the best clams fettuccine I have ever had..  Oysters are also awesome..  Come 5 to 7 pm..  Happy hour 6 oysters plus a beer for 12 bucks..  If you are not a beer fan like me.. 4 dollar upgrade for wine.. Come on a weekday..  Weekends are crazy packed 1.5 hour wait... Plus the restaurant is small!!! This is a whole in the wall..  But the food is awesome.. Come if you are a seafood lover like me I do not recommend the uni..  Small portions for the price..  Salmon tartar is a little fishy too..  Overall the oysters and clams fettuccine is definitely worth the trip.. Love yours truly, Foodie lover
I love a good oyster happy hour and was not disappointed when we visited Upstate.  They have a very extensive selection, with a smaller selection for the happy hour special.   We ended up ordering a few each of all 4 of the oyster listed on happy hour and decided on our favorites and then order a few more rounds of the ones we liked best.  This was such a great experience to get to sample oysters from different areas.  Also pairing it with the craft beer was great! In addition to the oysters and beer we also had the crab cakes and fettuccine with clams, both of which were phenomenal and I highly recommend.  At a first glance i found the crab cake portion to be too small for the price, however after one bite I forgot all about it!  Honestly one of the better crab cakes I've ever  had.  Also, I would say normally the fettuccine with clams is not something that would normally appeal to me or that I would order but i'm SOOO glad we did, I was fighting for the last fork full! Highly highly recommend it, but suggest you get there early as it's a smaller space and fills up quickly.  I personally can't wait to go back.
Yelp, please make an exception and increase your star rating to 10 for this one! My hubby and I have been here 1/2 dozen times. Many dozens of oysters later, I'm still in love. Since the beginning, we've been treated like VIP and the owner continues to outdo himself every time we go back.   We were cheating on Upstate and went to the overrated Butter (by famed Alex Guarnaschelli), where we found the apps to be literally inedible. We immediately cancelled our entrees and ran over to our trusty Upstate where there was an hour long wait. The evening was almost ruined had it not been for the staff there.    You want take out? We've never done that but SURE! Oh, and here is a complimentary glass of wine, the same one you got the last time you were here (cuz of course the owner remembers and brings it to you himself). He's either just THAT nice  or I looked THAT miserable. Either way, I toss back the wine, got my take out, and was home before I turned into a pumpkin.
Just around the corner from Curry Row is this cozy & chill little neighborhood place with grand ambitions. The staff is pleasant and professional. The menu is solid. They sure know their oysters here. And so can you if you take advantage of their $12 for 6 oysters and a beer (or soda) happy hour special. They select about 6 different oysters to be included in the offer. You get to choose any combination of those highlighted on the list. They even include some west coasts varieties! Did I mention the slice of delicious whiskey cake that you might be offered if you are a nice person? I'm looking forward to having a proper dinner here some evening. These photos that people have uploaded are making me hungry!
I'll start out by saying, yes, go here.  enjoy yourself. go. had never had oysters before tonight.  I know, it's strange that I haven't had oysters before now, because I honestly love everything about food, but the opportunity never arose.  So when an old friend suggested this place, I was up to finally loose my oyster virginity.   Since i didn't know east from west, I turned to the server to guide me through my experience.  My incredibly handsome waiter's name was Eric and he was just a doll.  He was the least bit pretentious--in fact--the entire restaurant was completely laid back while still being a classy joint.  Their wine line is beyond words (I suggest the white verdejo) and the experience was a delight from beginning to end. By the end of the night, we had also tried the crab cakes the and cheese plate.  The crab cakes were perfect: they melted in my mouth but had the perfectly balance between ingredients and fried-ness.  The cheese plate was fantastic as well! I wish I had gotten a bit more direction on it, but to be honest, it really didn't matter much to me.  That tiny little detail is me seriously nit-picking.   The place made me smile.
I love the happy hour! The happy hour gets you a half -dozen oysters and beer from 5pm -7pm EVERYDAY. I came here with my boyfriend on Saturday around 6. It was crowded when we came here. I would recommend to come here early!! We ordered oysters, beers (the beer menu is very unique! I got the wandering star that has a tint of lemongrass and citrus which was very refreshing!) and beer steamed mussels. They were all great! The oysters were cleaned thoroughly and fresh. And the mussels were so goooood! They give you toasted bread to dip in the beer steamed mussel broth and it was amazing.
Good selection, fresh produce, good beers. Oysters were great and competitively priced. They are on ly a wine and beer place so too bad for you martini drinkers. Happy hour from open to 7pm. The cooked menu is limited and like to see more variety like fish or shrimp etc... Also like the temp of the oysters to be colder but overall a close second to Balthazar.
BEST seafood in NYC- and I've had my fair share!!! I can't describe how good the oysters were. The linguini with clams is the best I've ever had (besides the ones I've had in Italy, but this is comparable) The staff was so nice, great happy hour deals and the complimentary rum cake at the end is a nice touch! I want everyone I know to go here!
Impressive seafood restaurant with interesting craft beers on tap and excellent service.
First off I say this is a 4-4.5 Star! The place is a great place for dinner, good beers, and AMAZING oysters and seafood. The bar and staff are Very knowledgable on their oysters, where they come from and the type. Their pasta (Clams) is on point according to my boyfriend. All I have to say is it's a little salty for my taste, but the oysters made up for it. Their selection was amazing! Like I said, it is a little busy, so if you're looking for quiet this isn't the place, but if you're looking for good dinner night, this is a place to think about! The food comes out on time, fast service. A place you can easily find yourself coming back to.
While in high school, I would vehemently deny that Westchester (where my family relocated to, from the Bronx) was upstate.  All of these B&Ters will speak about this part of New York with disdain and as though it's some faraway land, or far worse, New Jersey.  But if it's the restaurant we're talking about, I'd be glad to be considered part of the Upstate crowd. It was Matteo R.'s review and the opportunity to be in the presence of Suanne L. that brought me to Upstate.  The tiny restaurant was quite crowded around dinner time on Friday, so I waited at the bar until a table was available.  While waiting, I observed the small craft beer list, a majority of which featured beers from all over New York State.  I ordered a blueberry summer ale, a refreshing pick for an oppressively hot summer day.  The barkeep was a little bit curt, but perhaps it was because the restaurant (bar included) was so busy. A few minutes later, when we were seated at a table, Suanne and I got to the business of ordering oysters.  The oyster selection at Upstate changes regularly, based on availability.  Both of us prefer West Coast oysters to East Coast oysters, but because Suanne is much more of a connoisseur than I am, I deferred to her selections.  She did a fantastic job of selecting creamy and clean-flavored oysters. For the main course, we shared the bouillabaisse and the soft-shelled crab.  The bouillabaisse featured a generous helping of clams, mussels, salmon, and scallops.  But the broth - wow - I'm so glad there was such a generous serving of bread to sop up all of that flavorful broth.  The soft shell crabs didn't impress me the same way that the bouillabaisse did, but it was still a good dish to share. For dessert, we were brought the infamous whiskey cake.  It was very rich (just the way I like it!), almost like a pound cake consistency, with a softer and more whiskey laden (i.e., the good part) center. When in the East Village on the quest for good beer and eats in a mellow environment, Upstate will be my go-to spot.
looking for a differant place for a great Happy Hour? here it is! Oysters, great craft beer! I had 6 oysters for 12 bucks and a few pints of Newburg Paper Box Pale Ale, Perfect combo. Love this place!
There is literally not a negative thing that I can say about this place. Even the 90min wait wasn't a downside, because Upstate handles it in the best way possible. The hostess took our number so our group could go to a nearby bar (where we enjoyed happy hour) and the she shot us a text when our table was ready. Amongst our table we started with the crabcakes and the tuna tartar, then for entrees moved on to the fettuccine with clams, scallops of the day, and the fish of the day. I don't particularly care for fettuccine or clams...yet somehow I thoroughly enjoyed the dish. I will be back to try the Happy Hour for sure!
Cannot express how awesome this place is!!! Food is amazing. The place is so local feeling. I love it!!  We sat at the bar and would recommend to others to sit there. Chatted with the owner and the bartender throughout the whole dinner. They are so funny and such genuine people. I would go here again and again and again and will recommend this place to anyone who wants some local seafood! We will go back for the oyster happy hour soon!!
Hands down one of the best places I've eaten at in the city. Staff was really down to earth and friendly. We had to wait a bit longer than expected after we were called for our table but my friends and I were given free beer tastings during the extra wait. The food was to die for. The oyster recommendations given were great. Puts other oyster bars to shame. My favorites were the east coast selection. The salmon tartar was so flavorful. It was an explosion in my mouth. Only thing I don't recommend is the bottled cider w/ ice always a bad idea to water it down. It gets super crowded here so I recommend mentally preparing for the wait, but its totally worth it!
I have booked marked this place while back and never had the chance to go until last night.  There is no reservation so you have to go and wait to be called if full.  We gave our number and waited at the bar next to the restaurant.  When we were called we were seated at the bar and was informed we would be seated at the table.  While waiting they gave us free beer testers.  They give you two.  Maple one is so yummy!  We were bit hungry so we just decided to order from the bar.  We got dozen of Kumamoto oysters and half dozen of little neck clams as a start.  It was so fresh and clean!  ;)  After we had egg and uni dish.  It came with bread and OMG!  I didn't even know I started eating and realized the plate was empty.  If you like Uni, it's definitely a must try.  Following that delicious plate we had tuna and salmon tar tar.  I have had tuna and salmon tar tar everywhere.  I can't say it was the best seasoning.  It was definitely fresh.  Needed more garlic or onion or something.  So little on the blend for my taste.  As final we had the best tasting scallops I ever tasted.  It was huge, tender, perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned.  This is the best scallops I tasted ever!  I will be returning very soon to try out the rest of the menu.  Can't wait!!  Nom nom nom nom nom!
Amazing sea food, heaven for oyster lovers. outstanding service, great atmosphere and a special variety of beers. We really enjoyed!
Came here on a Monday night with 2 friends. I was surprised to see how small and packed the place was. We were pretty quickly seated at the bar. We all started with some beers- if you showed even one iota of indecision as to what beer you wanted the bartender/waitress was eager to pour a sample for you to taste. That said, the beers were terrific. We started with about 15 oysters from their extensive oyster list which is split up by east and west coast. They were delicious and as fresh as can be. For appetizers we had red snapper ceviche and a salmon dish. They were both scrumptious. I felt like gorging myself on carbs so I went with the fettuccine with clams- even with my sizable appetite there was plenty for my friends to munch on. It was a filling and delicious dish I like to call a seafood lovers comfort food (why does fettuccine NEVER come out this way at home?!). At the end of it all we all received a piece of whiskey cake and christmas beer- both were great but the cake is flippin' unreal! All in all- an awesome and cozy place with delicious and fresh food and beer! ?Bring an appetite and some good friends!
One of our new favorite places in the East Village! We loved everything we had, including the crab cakes, salmon/tuna tartare, scallop ceviche, variety of oysters, clam pasta, and hake. The craft beers were also very good (though a little expensive), and the complimentary whiskey cake at the end of the meal was seriously boozy and sweet. Our only complaint was the service - our waiter was pretty all over us regardless of the significant amount of food we ordered. Take-out from Upstate is in our future, I am sure.
Great beer Get the linguine and clams! ...and some oysters
Delicious food, intimate atmosphere and incredibly attentive and nice service. Definitely coming back.
We were totally amazed at the staff. This is a very difficult room to work for the staff, since the place is tiny and there just is not much space for them to move around. But we got better, more attentive service than you might get at a white tablecloth hotel dining room. The staff were just total pros. They could move so smoothly in impossibly tight quarters, it was just impressive to watch. We can hardly remember the last time service was so good. We had no reservation and walked in at 6.30 pm, proceeded to get a lovely two-top and a great waiter. You might not necessarily be so lucky, since the place is tiny and well-liked (for very good reason). The food was equally great, and very reasonable prices. We don't drink and don't eat oysters, so were not candidates for their happy hour offerings. Yet we felt we had totally wonderful fish and scallops courses and an awesome squid salad. There's no dessert menu, but we got a free slice of lovely pound cake at the end. This restaurant is your best choice if you're going to see a show at the Theater for The New City, which is about two blocks north. What a totally lovely place! You couldn't ask for a better restaurant; wish it were closer to us (where most places seem to have a steep "location surcharge"). The only thing we couldn't figure out was the name Upstate. No, we didn't feel we were in the Adirondacks, Borscht Belt, or anything else particularly upstate.
This place nails all the basics for a great pub--friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive staff; delicious food (especially the mussels and oysters); great and varied selection of beers that changes; good atmosphere. The oyster/beer happy hour is a great deal too.
The east village restaurant smorgasbord feels complete now that I have now tasted one of the best raw bars in manhattan.  I only hope this place remains undiscovered.  OFFICIALLY the best new seafood restaurant in ev.
I visited yesterday evening for the first time with a friend.  The place is small, cute, and welcoming.  The people working there are super friendly.   We got two rounds of their happy hour - a beer plus 6 oysters for $12.  I loved the tall glasses the beer was served in.  The oysters were DELICIOUS - completely fresh and fantastic.  They also had a bunch of really interesting beers - I normally hate IPAs and they had one I loved.  The whiskey cake, as previous reviewers mentioned, is divine.  Love this place!
Absolutely fantastic service, food, and beer. Combine that with the reasonable prices and no wonder the place was packed! We had delicious fresh oysters and perfectly cooked crab cakes. What really stood out, though, was just how friendly, attentive, and fun the staff was. We'll be back!
My new neighborhood bar for an upstate, NY beer, a great cheese/charcuterie plate and an ever changing seafood selection.  The owner grew-up about 10 minutes from me (incidentally) and of course he has the welcoming, laid back attitude as most people from the Syracuse / Utica area.  It can get busy during the weekend but it's worth getting a nice table along 1st ave and enjoying the great vibe.  And all the wood came from an old barn upstate.  The place looks great.
Saved this place for my 100th review.  But I actually jumped on the Upstate bandwagon quite early and have not gotten off for awhile now. You could probably say I'm driving the bandwagon now. Yeah, I drank the kool-aid, I jumped off the bridge, just like everyone else. In my experience, definitely one of the best seafood places in Manhattan. Seriously can't say enough good things about this place. Fresh oysters galore, delicious soft shell crabs and scallops, and a good number of craft beers, what more can you ask for? Given that there are no freezers, you know it's gotta be fresh. The happy hour deal is pretty good (6 oysters and a beer for $12) and it's uncanny how well cleaned and high quality the oysters are. Did I mention the seafood is good? Fettuccine with clams was unreal. The pasta had the right chew and al dente texture, and there was a good portion of clams to go with that delicious garlicky sauce. Haven't had the beer-steamed mussels/clams yet, but I will. Oh, I will. The service is always great and the prices are very reasonable for an oyster bar. Actually, the prices are just reasonable in general. I just wish that the place was a little less crowded, but it is what it is. Glad that this place is getting the attention it deserves. Dat whiskey cake doe. Velvety, moist texture with that hint of whiskey. Hoho yeah. Unbeatable. So yeah, you should try this place.
Great restaurant! First off, they don't take reservations, which is okay because we knew that before getting there. We got there a little early to put our names down. They take your number down and text/call you when the table is ready, which is great because you can walk 1-2 block radius while waiting. We had ordered the squid salad, the lobster salad, 3 selections of oysters, the fettuccine with clams and the charcuterie plate. The oysters were fresh and tasty! Everything was very good but I really enjoyed the squid salad. Absolutely delicious! My party and I were here for a while, chit chatting and such. The place is small so you would think they would want you in and out, but no, the staff were so awesome! They were attentive and they even brought us each a glass of white wine to taste! AWESOME! I'd definitely come back and I'd definitely recommend.
My experience at Upstate was food-orgasmic.  I cannot say a negative thing about this place.  The food, beverage, service, and atmosphere were all impeccable.  I cannot wait to go back! I will make this quick...We arrived late in the evening and had to wait, which we expected because yelp reviews do mention it is a small (very small) place.  Brick walls and dim lighting make it very cozy.  As for the service, I have never had better service HANDS DOWN!  Personable, friendly, and very knowledgable.  Nothing fake or brown-nosing about it.  Just honest kindness.  Since we started a tab at the bar while we waited they got our name and continued to use it throughout our dining experience.  At one point, I flipped a fork onto my new shirt and got cocktail sauce on it and right before my eyes appeared a glass of club soda and a fresh napkin to clean it off.  We took suggestions from our server as what type of oysters to order and he picked a flawless dozen for us...so good we ordered about a dozen more.  The beers were refreshing and excellent...had a variety to choose from and to pair with items from the menu.  At the end the whiskey cake was just right.  Bartender gave us two glasses of the milk stout, which was a match made in heaven with the cake.  I can't wait to go back and try the squid salad...and visit them during their happy hour (5-7, I think?)
Legitimately delicious. I keep dreaming about their salmon tartar... Perfectly made and extremely tasty. When I go to a seafood place, I expect the raw eats to have that fresh-out-of-the-water taste and none of this food disappointed. I went during happy hour with my boyfriend and we enjoyed a mixture of oysters to start and paired them with craft beers. I will say that the seafood takes precedence over the beers, although their selections for libations were good and not often featured at many other bars. They had many different kinds of oysters to choose from, and all were cleaned incredibly well and tasted great. What really took the cake were the 'entrees'. I will admit that these were small, and so we shared 2 selections off of the menu--the salmon tartar and the clams. Like the oysters, both were fresh and had really great subtle notes (herbs, butter sauce) that stood out when eating. Overall, the place is very small and although we wish that there had been more room to spread out the atmosphere and cozy ambience added to the meal. We waited an hour or so for our table, and it was well worth it! I highly recommend for date night (or just when you're craving super fresh seafood-y goodness...). The whiskey cake served at the end was a great finish to a great meal. I'm sure I will be back!
Phenomenal value.  The team that runs this place really has a winner in their hands and I hope they hold the course with excellent food at a reasonable price.   I've tried most the dishes and all have been well executed.  The staff treats everyone very well and even offers up an occasional beer or wine tasting, which is a nice touch.   Go, eat, enjoy.
Food was delicious and the atmosphere is great. Staff was very knowledgeable about which oysters we should try and I loved the selection of beers. I went with a friend and we shared half a dozen oysters and each got a main dish. When I go again, I think I will just stick to oysters and beer. They even give out a complimentary slice of cake at the end which was delicious. The place definitely gets crowded; we went on a Tues night and luckily grabbed a table before there was a wait. Would definitely go back again!
One of my favorite spots in the city. Reasonably priced with awesome service. They have a wide selection of oysters and craft beers. The pasta with clams and breadcrumbs was delicious and I am not usually one to mix fish and cheese. The complimentary rum cake tops off the experience nicely!
this is HANDS DOWN my favorite place in NYC. their happy hour deal is amazing... 6 oysters & a beer for $12 - you just can't beat that. did i mention their craft beer menu is always changing? its $4 more for a glass of wine with the happy hour which is fine with me, i just love a glass of chilled white wine while i eat some oysters. the service here is phenomenal. every server knows every oyster and their qualities. i tend to like really briny west coasters, and they always recommend the best ones for my taste. i am OBSESSED with the fettuccine & clams. seriously, i dream about this dish. i fantasize about the dish. i would come here every single day if i could. oh, and the whiskey cake, forget it. it's the perfect end to a perfect meal. upstate, don't change a damn thing :)
We had raw oysters, a bouillabaisse, and scallops. The oysters were really fresh, the scallops were not overcooked, and the bouillabaisse broth was fabulous!  I would definitely come again!
idk what the hype is about this place.  I was more a fan of the beer selection than the actual food.  The oysters were ok but the mussels i ordered were delicious. They do come with bread but our server kept forgetting to bring us out extra bread when she would offer more.   Place is expensive for a hole in the wall but then again its NYC prices... i am happy we got a free beer at the end of the night from this place though.
I feel the need to immediately review Upstate, as it was Yelp that led me to this fine establishment in the first place.  A disclaimer as I get going on this review:  I am still tipsy off of the amazing beers, and high from the fresh out of the sea oysters. I knew I would like Upstate from the moment that I walked in.  In the mood for some good oysters, seafood, and a few good craft beers, I was led here.  When I walked through the doors off of 1st Ave, I felt as though I walked into a cozy restaurant somewhere up in New England.  The ambience, the service, and the food and beer all made me feel as though I was far away from New York City...and that is exactly the escape I was looking for on this idle Tuesday evening.   This was one of the most refreshing, authentic experiences I had in a long time.  The oysters were perfect-all fresh enough to distinguish the nuances that is characteristic of their respective regions, and beers that served as the perfect compliment.   If you are in the mood for a chill night that takes you away from the hustle and bustle of New York, come here.  The food, beers, oysters, and general good feel of this place will certainly bring me back in the near future.  Thanks Shane & co.
This place may just be my NYC oyster mecca (during happy hour, that is.)  $12 gets you half a dozen high quality oyster and a craft beer to wash those slippery suckers down.  They let you choose from almost all the oysters they offer, instead of forcing blue points upon you, which in my eyes, makes the oyster happy hour here truly unique.  Great place.
Small place with a casual bistro type vibe. Loved the fettucine with clam sauce. The portion was jut right and the heavier fettucine held up the super garlicky sauce well. Die, vampires, die! The clams were tender and cooked perfectly. The Ciopplino was a pleasant surprise, a large portion of shrimp, clams, scallops, mussels and one giant scallop in an amazing tomato broth that had a slight kick. Served with toast to mop up the sauce, it was another winner and my preference over the fettucine. The whiskey cake was lovely and the small slivers made for a nice sweet taste after dinner without making us full. But darn, that was good whiskey cake. I don't mind too full! We came early so we had no wait. Our waiter was efficient but brusque and  I thought slightly overbearing. I had barely sat down and settled in when she asked if I wanted wine and something to start, and came back as soon as my party arrived. Then she popped up again before we both sat for any time and asked about appetizers. During our dinner, however, she didn't seem to notice we needed more water but was a little hyper when it came to clearing our table, before we really ended our meal and could relax. We had our dinner in a little over an hour, at off peak, weren't lingering and had no intent to, and really didn't needed to be "rushed" because we weren't hungry enough to do drinks and appetizers. But all in all, a nice place with good, fresh seafood.
Really good experience here. Loved the honey squid salad! The scallops were actually cooked wonderfully. Atmosphere was very friendly and servers were helpful. Highly recommend during the happy hour beer and 6 oysters for $12!
If you're craving oysters and you're near by in the east village, stop here. They have a really great selection and the prices are reasonable. I haven't tried anything else here but oysters and some beer but service was attentive and oysters came out quick. Very laid back and casual atmosphere. Would definitely come back!
Got there at 5pm on the nose yesterday, my son and his girlfriend and I got the last table available.     The servers were excellent....attentive, informative and friendly. We received a sample of the craft beers so we could choose which we would like. Son and gf chose the Hell or High watermelon.  I am not a fan of beer but I tried it and thought that it was pretty good.  Server helped me choose a white wine that went perfectly with the oysters. We also tried the crab cakes, cheese plate, and the charcuterie board.  It was the perfect meal to end a perfect day.. Thank you Upstate
Love that they did not over clean the oysters, which can lose its natural taste and flavor. Most places tend to over clean but this place does it perfectly- just like in Europe. Loved the different types of oysters, little necks, scallops with risotto, and whiskey cake. I was tempted to ask if I could buy the entire cake but did not want to sound like a snob. Everything was delicious. One of the server had strange body odor which made eating a little distracting. But that's a different story. He was working hard so it's not his fault. It happens. Especially in the summer time.
This is my favorite oyster bar, and as such it deserves 5 stars for sure. Have been twice in the past 2 weeks, both times amazing. A large selection of exceptionally fresh oysters, very good beer as well. The vongole pasta was a little dry and needed more sauce. The place is small, so be ready to squeeze in, but the waiters are very nice and accommodating.
Came back for another outstanding meal here. We re-ordered the idaho brook trout and scallops again... couldn't help ourselves! The trout was over buttered this time around-- it was literally dripping in butter, so that's a downer, but ignoring the butter the fish was fantastic. And I know how perfectly it was made last time. The scallops were perfect. We also tried the crabcakes. I think I have a new favorite appetizer! Portions are small, you only get two small crabcakes. But the breading and everything was perfect. The fettucine with clams is delightful. The clams are big, meaty clams, and the pasta was much lighter than I expected. Yum. Came here on a Thurs night around 7pm and only had to wait about 15 minutes.
This restaurant is awesome.  My fiance and I came at around 6:30 on a Saturday night and had only about a 15 minute wait.  We were able to make the happy hour special which goes until 7 PM.  The oysters were so fresh and the craft beers were great too.  What really blew me away was the lobster bake - one of the best dishes I've tried since moving to the city last summer!  The whiskey cake was the perfect way to end our meal. BTW - Dara is the best waitress ever!!  We will definitely be back.
This is one of my favorite places to go in the city.  Atmosphere is great to just grab a beer and some oysters or have a nice dinner.  Growing up on Cape Cod I can appreciate a quality oyster and Upstate always has a huge selection from places all over North America.  The scallops were cooked perfectly which is very important for all you scallop lovers out there. Chris behind the bar was fun and entertaining to hang out with and Upstate has now become out local hangout.  Have seen a few actors eating there when we go which always adds a little excitement.
Nothing better to start off than this: five stars, great service, easy and nice atmosphere, delicious food all for an appropriate price. Upstate is a great place for fresh seafood and excellent culinary skill without being bougie. I went with a group of five on a Wednesday night and the place was full of patrons, beer, and seafood. The space: it's in the heart of the east village so space is always an issue, however this restaurant didn't feel cramped even though it was filled with people. It had dimmed lighting but we were still able to read the menu without difficulty. My recommendation would be to sit next to the front facing window if you have a group or at the bar if it's just two. The space had a lot of darker woods and simple metal chairs, think craft beer meets east village. The service: our waitress was awesome, had great recommendations up front and was happy to take the time to explain to us first timers how things worked and what was worth sharing. She joked with us, was patient and had a great attitude. And our drinks came out quick and our food came out without delay or difficulty. Definitely no quarrels here. The food: they're famous for their fresh daily and changing oysters. In general they break the group into east coast ($2.50/each) v west coast ($2.75/each) oysters that are tastefully and textually easy to differentiate. We obviously tried some from each camp and were very happily satisfied. I just wish I ordered more of them :/ also worth noting $1 during happy hours. Soft shell crab ($19.00): soft yet crunchy with a salty overtone and a breadcrumb like textured finish. They were delicious and a must have the next time I come back. Muscle and oysters in a beer broth ($15.00). It's one pound of either muscles or oysters, our waitress hooked us up with a half pound of each. Definitely great to share and simply delicious. Please do yourself a favor and soak your bread in the sauce during and afterwards (that's what's it's made for). Crab cakes ($13.00): what a crab cake should taste like. Warm, salty, crabby, with a ton of bread crumbs but not too carby either.   They were thick with a crunchy yet soft texture. Note - only two come in a single order so... you should order at least two plates. Scallops with a mushroom risotto underbelly ($18.00): to die for. Get it. I don't even want to spoil it's perfection with any words. Beer ($6.00): we tried around five different styles and all were great and crafty. I recommend the Belgium white IPA, Lil Heaven, Captain Lawrence, and Bels Porter.  All were cold and delicious. They also serve wine by the glass and by the bottle! Five starts for all the reasons above. Highly recommended and I am coming back.
Great service and great food. I had the clams pasta and it was amazing!!! The happy hour special is definitely worth it -- they have a great selection of micro-brews and oysters. I'm not a beer drinker at all but decided to go with the deal and I was not disappointed. The oysters were delicious and the beers are all unique and are very very far from bud lite. The waiters are knowledgeable and friendly. I waited an hour and it was worth it. Definitely going to go there every time I'm in NYC.
Love this place. Had a great meal at the bar. The owner spent time going through the differences between all the oysters. Great vibe. They also have an amazing happy hour. Can't say enough about how much I enjoyed it.
Tiny little joint that packs a punch. They have a full list of different types of oysters. On Happy Hour, you get half a dozen of oysters and a craft beer for $12. This is a great deal considering regular prices are $2.70/oyster and $6/beer. They oysters were so fresh and the fact that I could sample so many without a minimum order means I pigged out big time. Had a total of 5 happy hour specials. On top of that, their weekly scallop special is phenomenal. Their steamed clams are amazing too. Note: I love their raw clams. If you like the oysters, give the clams a go at only $1.50/pc. You won't regret it.
Oysters, oysters, and more oysters. Atmosphere is warm, if not a little cramped. Service is nice. Beer menu is very comprehensive, and the whiskey cake is a nice touch at the end.
I am rarely at a loss for words.  My son brought us to his favorite restaurant for fresh oysters (a favorite of mine).  The Happy Hour 6 raw oysters and a craft beer for $12.  OMG!  Subtle flavors, so delicious!  With a craft beer that was so good!  My husband had the stout-smokey with a hint of coffee flavor.  Then sliced raw salmon on toasts, smoked salmon and the best crab cakes I've ever had.  We never even got to the entrees.  Or the squash soup.  And now I am returning to Atlanta, and there's nothing like this in Atlanta.  Sigh!
The experience is amazing. Great seafood a'd great beer. They have no deserts so you concentration is 100% on what the sea has to offer.
Came here because my BF and I were craving seafood. I read awesome Yelp reviews and love east village so suggested we come here. We were not disappointed! We ordered the bruchetta app - totally awesome. I then ordered the scallops and mushroom risotto (a dish i like to make at home) - equally delish. The best part is that it wasn't an overwhelming meal. It was just right. The downside is that this place doesn't have dessert, but they do give you complimentary whiskey pound cake slices, which is an original and nice touch. If you're an oyster fan - you'll also like this place. We just happen to not like oysters. Anyway, def recommend!
love this spot, service was fantastic - happy hour oysters are BOMB! - get there early and eat to your hearts content!!!
As good as it gets.  Best service i've ever had in New York.  Matty and Chris have been my servers every time I've been and have been great.  Food is fresh and delicious.  The owner is there all the time and helps make that place what it is.  Favorites are the crab cakes and the clam entree.  Reasonably priced and delicious.
Went here last night for dinner with a new friend at 7. We got the last available table for 2! Fantastic to see a place bustling like that even on a Monday night. I adore seafood, but I'm not a well-educated oyster connoiseur, so I picked this after reading the reviews for the non-oyster menu items. The scallop special was delicious, the crab cakes were really great-- less dense than I expected, which was a very pleasant surprise because I was skeptically awaiting  a typical slab of crab cake, but this was light and flavourful with a good crumbly exterior-- and the drinks on the menu were also a great selection. I'm usually a red wine diehard, but I opted for a while because, well, seafood, and the white I picked-- can't remember exactly which one, but it was described as having peachy tones-- had none of the more cloying characteristics I usually dislike about some white wines. Very clean. Docked a star because we felt that the portion sizes were small-- we're petite people, but with pretty big appetites!-- and were left wondering "wait, we're done?" but it was quality over quantity, which is preferable to large quantities of awful quality. The whiskey cake is absolutely nothing to overlook, either-- my friend found it a bit overly whiskey'd but I adored it. Service was great, food was great-- I'd love to return, though for food volume, I'd probably have to order more food than I usually expect to in one sitting, which means I'll probably have to visit a bit more sparingly for my wallet's sake.
Excellent service and food, and drink! Sit at the bar.
You MUST eat and drink here! Everything we ordered was NOM - a bunch of west coast oysters, crab cakes, salmon, mussels and a mermaid pilsner to wash it all down. We got lucky and sat at the bar while the owner was there. He really made the experience worthwhile. He was incredibly personable and extremely knowledgeable. He checked in frequently and made sure we were happy eaters and drinkers. He let us sample a bunch of craft beers and wine and  even threw in a complimentary oyster and whiskey cake! So generous! The only regret we had was not asking the owner for his recommendations on oysters. Next time!!
Amazing service, superb food.
Great service, great food and great value.
Went here for dinner last night - restaurant seemed a bit small and they didn't take reservations - but that being said we got a nice "high" table at the side which didn't seem as cramped as the bar area.  The seafood was excellent - very fresh and the waiter was very receptive to any specific  requests.  The Squid Salad was very fresh and I especially liked the Salmon Tartar (both appetizers).  Great spot to go to share a few plates and enjoy a few glasses of wine.  The menu did seem a bit small in general so would be curious how often they change the items - all in all though, great time there!
Came here on a Sunday night with my girlfiend. We met the manager at the door who was nice and so was the rest of the staff. Gave our name and waited 15-20 minutes. Restaurant is cozy small and they have a bar that was full that night. Food was great! We had the fetuccini with clams and scallops with risotto. Both were very flavorful and not skimpy at all. Prices were good for NY too. We received complimentary whiskey cake! I would come back to try other items on their menu.
Great little place! The food was excellent, portions on the smaller side, but very very good and prepared with precision and care. The service is friendly, and the owner is passionate about oysters and his restaurant. No  hassle on a weeknight to walk in and sit down.
Awesome bar, great happy hour, fantastic oysters. The beers were actually not as plentiful as I had expected (and the selection at the time did not particularly impress, but that was more of a palate issue). But they ARE all from New York breweries! There were pale ales and lighter beers, though maybe those are the ones you want with mollusks. And I imagine they rotate the brews, and you will always find something you like. Once we sat down at one of the high tables (it's a small place and they maximize the space, especially along the exposed brick wall), a waitress/waiter duo kept us fed and quenched. SO got a glass of wine and I did the HH deal + beer: my 6 oysters were from all over (I wish I could remember), but were some of the freshest and most delicious shellfish I've ever had. We also got a cheese plate, with an exquisite assortment of cheeses (mmm, ricotta, and a semi-hard one I can't recall, were flipping delicious). All in all, a great experience. I'd like to return when I have more time.
One of my favorite restaurants during my trip. Really delicious food and friendly staff. The space is cozy but a bit too small. One of the waitresses kept ramming into our elbows as we sat at one of the taller tables. But i would definitely come here again!
Why can't we give 1/2 stars . I would give upstate 3 1/2 stars. Got there early on a Wednesday night and was told of the happy hour, 6 oysters and a beer, 12 bucks, can't beat it.  Oysters were excellent, east coast west coast we had the waitress pick. Great selection of tap beers. Service was outstanding, very friendly. After oysters we both had pasta with clams. The pasta was good, the clams were plentiful and plumb but the dish was a little bland. It has the making for a great dish but they need to bring out more flavor. I added a good portion of grated cheese but still found the dish bland. Will definitely go back for the beer, oysters and people.  If they get the pasta right it's 4 1/2 stars.
Does this place need another 5 star review??? SURE, why not?! We arrived for their small but great and ever rotating selection of local brews. The beer is what we initially came for, but we were in for an unexpected surprise. Discovered through a very happy accident, Upstate has an oyster happy hour that lasts from 5pm-7pm daily INCLUDING weekends. Everyday, Upstate's happy hour features different oysters eligible for their happy hour special from their extensive oyster list (no freezers here so oysters are delivered fresh and kept fresh). Because of that, each happy hour can be a different happy hour unless you don't want it to be! Their oysters were almost as fresh as you can be besides collecting oysters on a tideland and shucking them yourself. HH special includes 6 oysters and 1 beer for $12. It's not your run-of-the-mill $1 oyster hour but the freshness, variety, and sheer passion for oysters is well worth the extra money. Along with our mollusks and brews, we ordered the FETTUCCINE WITH CLAMS and BEER STEAMED CLAMS (which is steamed in your beer of choice). The FETTUCCINE WITH CLAMS was remarkable. I'm not too sure if it was the butter that intoxicated me into a state of bliss, but whatever it was, it's a must for seafood loving pasta-philes. The BEER STEAMED CLAMS was also a perfect marriage of two of my favorite things: beer and mollusks. We picked a local IPA as the beer to wed the clams. I recommend picking a light-bodied IPA, pilsner, or a light-bodied lager they have on tap; but if you're ever unsure, the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Our feast concluded with the WHISKEY CAKE. Absolutely incredible. There aren't enough cliches in the world to describe this dessert. Reminiscent of its long lost brother--the rum cake-- the luscious, rich poundcake-like texture melds harmoniously with a mild sweetness and a smokey, whiskey aftertaste. I will join the staff just to get the recipe. Also, like the website states: "The Wife's whiskey cake is not for sale, you have to earn it." Last words: If you're a fan of beer and oysters, go. I implore you to go. After our visit to Upstate, we lived (accidentally) happily ever after and hope you will, too.
Absolutely superb. The place oozes with relaxation and has a great hipster vibe that blends seamlessly with the East Village personality. The original wood bar and decor make you feel comfortable and are reminiscent of the woods of upstate NYC.   The music put you at ease and made it easy to converse while adding to the ambiance. As for food I couldn't have been more impressed. Everything was fresh and I mean fresh, you could tell that all the seafood had been living mere hours before they made there way into my belly. The shining stars were certainly the  oysters of which the selection was impressive ranging from east to west coast. All shucked to perfection. The management was personable and the service excellent, especially charming was the owner, a dead ringer for Seth Green. Would go there again and again.
Had a lovely Sunday evening taking advantage of their amazing happy hour special - 6 oysters and 1 beer for 12$!! My partner and I tried all four types of oysters included in the deal: Hammersley Inlet, Malpeque,Manhasset and I think the last was Wellfleet but I'm not sure.  They were all delicious, as was the beer (Ommegang Scythe & Sickle) and we left happy and full. Also the service was great, and all in all a wonderful way to spend a chill Sunday evening in the East Village.
This place is pretty cool, especially with their oyster happy hour special (1 craft beer + half dozen oysters for $12). When my friend and I came here for dinner the other night, we didn't have the happy hour special.  It was a simple dinner so we each ordered our own entree and called it a day. Crack down: -Scallops risotto:  Seasoned extremely well and scallops were a very good size.  However, the risotto was under cooked and the scallops weren't fresh (you know when you have a bit of a slimy taste when you bite into a scallop). -Fettuccine with clam:  My friend ordered this dish and I must say that it was definitely better than the scallop risotto.  Pasta was drenched in a thick, creamy white sauce in which each flavor had the essence of clam. Portions seemed a bit too small for me in the beginning, but after you finish eating your own dish, you'd realize that while it doesn't give you the satisfied feeling of eating your money's worth, it also doesn't fill you up so much that you walk around in a daze of food itis. Might be going back for the happy hour special.
Been here a few times. The food is good and the place looks great from the outside. But when you go inside it's just too cramped and they run the door like they are some exclusive restaurant. The runners bump into everything. The waitstaff is friendly however. Unfortunately the high prices plus the atmosphere knock this down.   If it's just oysters you want, especially for HH- there are about a dozen other places in the EV or LES that have a special... and more space.
Really a treat; wonderful staff, wonderful oysters, and overall a wonderful place.
WOW... What a jewel!!!  Got there 5 min before opening and good thing, within 10 min. This tiny gem was packed. Oysters were delish and the Happy Hour oysters were as good as my favorites. Our server Nathan made our experience even better by being patient and helpful in selections of oysters. I had heard how rude the servers were so I was prepared, but Nathan was calm and pleasant.  Thank you.
And the winner is...Upstate! A friend, who happens to be a relative of the people who run this place, recommended/pretty much insisted I try it out. I'm glad I listened because this was the best meal I've had in NYC in years. I grew up here on the UWS and lived on the LES in the early 80's but I haven't had over-the-top dining experiences until now. The right ratio/balance of cost to value is the trick most restaurants can't pull off - and NYC is expensive - high rent, lots of tourists (I am one of these now!) and steep competition for attention makes most dining experiences in NYC less than optimal IMHO. In other words I prefer NOT to pay a premium for every meal I have with the limited amount of time I have when visiting NYC - and I know just enough to ferret out the best quality at the most reasonable price when I'm willing to put the effort into it. I don't like getting jacked for less than great food. Upstate allayed all my fears about getting jacked. This is a top-quality experience from start to finish.  I had the Happy Hour special of 6 oysters & a craft beer and the scallops over risotto. The oysters were fresh, tasty and a wonderful variety was offered. I'm no oyster pro, but even within the 6 ordered, I could taste and perceive the different sweet textures from one to the next. The organic beer I ordered was just the right bitter compliment to the sweet oysters. I debated on a 2nd order of the same/similar, but figuring I may not make it back this trip, I went for another dish - scallops over risotto. I don't know the perfect texture of perfectly cooked risotto - but this risotto was a little crunchy - kind of like al dente pasta. The texture was a little creamy and the taste was a little spicy...YUM! The scallops, I'm pretty confident, were cooked absolutely perfectly! Beautifully caramelized on the outside with just a bit of brown crispiness...the inside was lusciously sweet - not overcooked as many cooks inevitably succumb with such a delicate fresh morsel. All this great experience for about $40 including tip; that's a great deal as far as I'm concerned! As I sit here with my last few days and meals in NYC in question I think I need to rethink my priorities. I'm going to figure out a way to make it back before I go home.
Dang good! Delicious, fresh and refreshing oysters and the entrees. Cool space. Unpretentious seafood is the best descriptor (@Juan) Sit at the bar, Chris is great!! Only reason it didn't get five is b/c I wanted a stoudt and they didn't have one this night. Will definitely be coming back!
I kissed a girl on the corner of 1st avenue and 6th street.  Across the street from where Upstate would appear just a few years later. Shortly after Upstate opened, a friend asked the owners if they could host a New Year's Eve Party at the restaurant.  Upstate agreed, and several dozen (probably more) of us packed into the restaurant to celebrate.  It was my first time there.  I met the owners that night and they met the girl I first kissed across the way, she was now my girlfriend.   We returned together on many occasions over the next few years.   Each time, we were welcomed by the owners and treated to a lovely meal often topped off with some of Upstate's much revered whiskey cake. Fast forward some.  The girlfriend and I had just eaten dinner at another place a little further downtown and we were on our way to the E. Village for some dessert.  We passed the corner where we first kissed.  I got to one knee and asked her to marry me.  She said yes.   A decision was made -- we walked across the street to Upstate to celebrate as a few family members and close friends gathered to celebrate with us.  Upstate was getting ready to close for the night, but the owner recognized us and let us in. I told him the good news, and he quickly congratulated us and even sent everyone a round of wine to toast our engagement.   Plenty of people have lauded the food and drink at Upstate, and that praise is earned. What should also be recognized is that the owners of this restaurant understand that the people it serves are not just customers but also its neighbors.
We went for the oyster happy hour. (6 oysters that you choose from a list with a beer for $12) It was great. Best advice that I can give: Go right when they open. We got there at 5pm and literally by 5:30 the place was full. Our table was right by the door and we kept hearing them turn people away. They took some names at first but then they just sent people elsewhere. This place is small but super cute. The oysters were delicious and with the beer special it's really great. I definitely want to go back and try their food.
I give Upstate five stars for the overall experience. It's rare to find underrated restaurants that offer great food and service in East Village, so I was impressed. We were asked if we were ok with seating at the bar with no wait, so we volunteered and  were seated right away. We thought it actually worked out better because we were able to watch the chef cook (he tasted everything to make sure food was seasoned right, which I thought was fabulous) and appreciate our food more. We asked for recommendations on beer and red wine and our bartender brought out 3-4 samples for us to try for each. Skip wine as the selection's ok or make sure to taste a sample before ordering a glass. We had soba noodles with clams and the shrimp fettuccine. Skip the soba noodles; it's mediocre. However, I loved the fettuccine so much that I complimented the chef as he was walking out of the restaurant for the day. Our bartender gave us complimentary champaign and thin slices of pound cake in the end, which was a plus. I will be back for the happy hour oyster deals.
The food here is excellent, and when we went, had a most diverse and interesting selection of fresh oysters. I'd be giving this place five stars were it not for that AWFUL HOSTESS at the door on May 23, Friday night. I watched her berate guest after guest, calling one guest ridiculous for asking for a table for 5, and then rudely demand that each any person entering wait outside (the request it self was reasonable as there wasn't much room in the doorway--the way she asked was downright nasty). It was a rainy night, not many waiting parties on her list that I could see, and she proceeded to speak to each guest like there was a long line out the door and she was venus on the half shell.  I can't imagine how annoying it would have been in the front of the restaurant listening to this banshee yell at new guests while trying to enjoy a deliciously prepared meal. Oy. Anyways, my point is, the oysters here are great.
Came to Upstate for a birthday dinner not knowing anything about the place other than the YELP reviews. It was phenomenal.  Started with oysters as am appetizer. Each recommendation from Matty our waiter was spectacular. We ordered scallops, swordfish and clam fettuccini. Each was better than the last. Cooked to perfection. If you have a friend who is a bit squeamish about seafood. This is the place to introduce them to seafood. Our meal, the atmosphere and the service could not have been better!!
When I asked the server what from the restaurant was from Upstate, he searched the room and responded, "the wood that the tables are made from." Not the tables, mind you; just the wood. This is a mediocre seafood restaurant named after a part of the state without a coast line.
Upstate is the best restaurant in NYC. I have been living here for 10 years and have been all over, this is not my first rodeo. If you like seafood then you have finally found your holy grail for a place you can come to all the time because it also won't kill your wallet.  I went here with two other friends and we ordered seven items on the menu, oysters and beer. The experience was a 10/10. Food: Everything on the Menu was good, I mean it. Deep Diver Scallops were large and the best I've ever eaten. Crab Cakes had plenty of crab and not over breaded. Both fish dishes were amazing although the Trout is like crack, its sliced thin with breading and was almost like a crunchy pancake. The mussels took a back seat to our experience, but they were fresh and large. Squid Salad and Tuna Carpaccio were both good as well but the first three items i just mentioned should be a no brainier to order. Oysters: A little expensive, but they were clean, fresh and absolutely delicious. Service: Amazing. There was a wait, but the host was very nice and kept an eye on us to make sure we got a table as soon as one opened for us. Waitress was extremely helpful and nice. The staff there feels a little like Williamsburg hipsters but i really liked the edgy approach because its laid back and makes you feel comfortable. Beer: I'm not a huge beer drinker, but that watermelon beer was not to heavy and absolutely delicious.
Upstate is a cozy seafood bar restaurant that opened during the summer in East Village. What sets this place apart from others is the lack of refrigeration in the premises. Crazy? Yes, crazy fresh.  Seafood is delivered each morning. At times you will see more oyster selection, at times you don't. I'm okay with that though - quality over quantity. I came here with 2 friends who have also been looking forward to checking out this place. We had oysters all from the other coast. It was a good variation of perfectly shucked meaty, briny, clean bivalves which were some of the freshest I've had.  I also ordered the bouillabaisse which had an abundance of mussels, clams, scallops, salmon and prawns. It was served with bread to sop up the heavenly broth. I was definitely pleased with this dish - perfectly cooked and seasoned.  A touch more and it would've been too briny. The owner, Shane*, who is there everyday ended our meal with a sample their whiskey cake. It was moist, not too dense and sweet with a hint of whiskey. Definitely worth ordering next time. And come back we did! Our second visit 2 days after was to take advantage of the lobster special (forgot for what occasion). It was $25 for lobster bisque, lobster roll and a beer. The lobster bisque was the highlight of this meal. Sadly the lobster roll was not that exciting. The bread used for the samich were buns and the meat to bread ratio was not to our liking (all 4 of us). Not the best but not bad. They say try everything at least once right?   In addition to good quality of ingredients and delicious dishes, the atmosphere and service at Upstate are friendly and welcoming. There is no doubt in my mind my friends and I will return again and again. *Left my cc here and wasn't able to pick up until a week after. Shawn was very kind to securely hold on to it (no funky transaction when I checked online =P) Such a great host/owner.  Thank  you!
A lovely new restaurant in the east village with a warm staff, fresh food, and casual ambience. The prices are reasonable and the beer and wine are local. Found this place by accident, but we will certainly be back!
Went here last night with my Husband for the first time. The place is super tiny, I thought it would be bigger and more of a beer hall in my head, but it had this warm and cozy vibe that was perfect. My Husband got a table right away- mostly because it was a Monday night at 7. The place filled up really quickly he said however. A few things that bothered me, 1) They say they don't accommodate parties over 4, meanwhile a party of 6 was half seated- half seated meaning 2 girls sat down at 7, one came at 7:45 and the other 3 still hadn't come an hour and so later and we left at that point. If I was waiting for a table and a paying customer I'd leave and go elsewhere. Meanwhile I was 5 minutes behind my husband and they asked him when I'd be arriving and to not sit yet, but then changed their mind. 2) I thought the beer list would be bigger- oh well still a good selection. 3) They need to offer flights or something for the beers they do have on tap. The good things, 1) The food was so good, like really good! Even though they have a small menu it's a good one. We shared everything, we got some oysters (a must) they were nicely cleaned and with good sides. We then shared the crab cakes, which were perfect you could actually taste the crab meat and pan fried very well. The only thing about the crab cakes is they came with a very spicy salad which went well with the crab cake however my Husband didn't like it, so just a warning. We also had the Steamed Clams. They give you enough for two people to share with bread for dipping in the broth-so good. I wish they had asked us what beer we want our clams in oh well. 2) Whiskey cake- yum!! They give this to you once the bill is paid as a thank you. What a great idea and good ending to the meal, just the right amount. 3) The service was really nice and friendly, they didn't rush you and didn't bug you either. Overall I'd come back here and try the scallops or the fettuccine both I heard were really good.
My boyfriend and I had a date night last night, wishing to participate in their happy hour deal which ends at 7:00pm - 1/2 dozen oysters and a pint of beer for $12. After reading reviews about how busy this place can get, even on a Tuesday evening, we left work earlier in order to try to make it. We got here a bit before 6:30pm and waited a good half an hour for seats. After a serious miscommunication between the staff and continuous shuffling of seats, we were finally seated at a two top at a couple minutes after 7:00pm. The very second we sat down, we asked the waitress right away if we can still do the happy hour deal.. And very quickly denied. Devastated as we were, we tried to wipe the disappointed expressions off our face and order from their menu. We started off with a glass of wine, a pint of beer and a dozen oysters - 6 different kinds from both the east and west coast. It was a pretty good start of the meal, we extremely enjoyed the VA and BC oysters they offered. As we waited for our entrees - the fish tacos and scallops with mushroom risotto, we realized that our intimate party of two now turned three. We spotted a ROACH climbing across the wall.. Peeking in and out of the crevices. My appetite was now ruined and my experience at Upstate quickly plummeted downhill. Our entrees arrived and all I tasted was bland food. We pointed out the roach to the owner and he killed it with a piece of paper and proceeded to give us two complimentary HALF filled glasses of beer. Gee, thanks for trying to make it up to us by giving us something that cost you next to nothing. As we unhappily headed our merry way home, I could still hear my palette whining about how unsatisfied they were. We tried extremely hard to like Upstate, but at the end of the night.. I just can't convince myself hard enough to give it any more than 2 stars at most.
You guys will get five stars from me the next time I visit, I already know it. I dropped in on a random night with my girlfriend, and our first thought was like darn! this place is small, the wait must suck. Boy were we wrong. The sweet waitress/hostess? jotted down my number and guaranteed me a seat in 10 minutes, but I didn't believe her and decided to go grab some coffee first. About five minutes later, midway through our coffee, I received a text that my table was ready. Service was attentive from the moment we walked back in and was seated. We were offered a complimentary sample of beer as well. Althought we misesd their HH special, we still opted for some oysters and boy am I glad we did. They were spot on! The hama hamas that night were my absolute favorite. I had the jumbo shrimp for my entree, full of flavor, just a tad salty. My girlfriend had the clam linguine? entree and that was her only complaint of the night. The linguine was a bit on the hard side and she barely touched it, but guess what? Upstate put it on the house without us even asking! That was such a kind gesture and it wasn't even necessary, so thank you guys! And that rum cake.. yup.
The vibe at Upstate is excellent. Laid back, delicious food, friendly service, my perfect type of place. Happy hour is from 5 to 7pm. 6 oysters, plus a large beer (out of their great selection) for $12 is an awesome deal. The non-oyster selection is pretty great as well. Loved the crab cake. The place gets filled up quickly round 6:30/7 but still comfortable and cozy for a delicious meal.
Food was amazing, I really enjoyed the clam pasta dish. It was a lot of food that I was not able to finish my meal. Def would go back if I am in the area.
Absolutely love this spot. Super friendly staff and the food is always spot-on! The oyster deal is what keeps me coming in but had the squid salad the other night-amazing! A great local spot I'm happy to support!
Had a wonderful meal here this evening! I went with two friends around 6:30pm. The wait was estimated to be 1/2 hr but we were seated at 6:45 -- yay! Made happy hour. We each had half a dozen oysters and a beer to start. Can't say that I've been to many oyster bars but wow! Upstate has definitely set the standard. These were so plump, so fresh! We also ordered --- crab cakes, scallop special over risotto, fettuccine with clams and the mussels. Once again, everything tasted so FRESH! The clams and mussels were soo plump and delicious..and there were so many of them! The fettuccine was so simple but so yummy. Perfectly cheesy without tasting too heavy. The crab cakes were pretty good, although they were definitely shredded more finely than I'm used to. It came with a little side salad tossed in a delicious tangy sweet dressing. The scallops were amazing. Gigantic. Seared and Seasoned perfectly and paired well with the creamy risotto! The complimentary whiskey cake was a nice little end of meal treat. Strong whiskey flavor. Yum. Service was excellent, too. Will definitely come back!
Upstate is one of my happy places. The food is fantastic, the service is fantastic, the beer is fantastic, and you can still wear your favorite jeans. The oysters are super fresh and change all the time depending on whats obtainable, so you never know what you're in store for. The beers change quite frequently as well so the happy hour deal of half a dozen oysters and a big pint of beer will never be exactly the same. They're also very generous with their tastes; so feel free to ask to try different beers to find the one you want to have. Now, even though I could easily fill up on beers and oysters and be perfectly happy, Upstate has some very tasty food that isn't oysters at all, including one of the very best pasta dishes Ive ever had, which is the fettucine with clams. I dream about this pasta when Im sad, or having a very bad day, or just when Im hungry.  You know when you get baked clams and the bread crumbs taste fab, all buttery and garlicky, but the clams are tasteless and overcooked? Well this is a baked clam stuffing on fettucine, with beautifully steamed whole clams on top. It's so simple but so, so good. The other dishes change all the time, so who knows what you're in store for, but Ive never had anything disappointing - the seafood here, from fish to shrimp, are all prepared in a way that highlights the natural taste. The staff all are super knowledgeable and friendly, which adds to the cozy welcoming atmosphere. And when they give you that little sliver of delicious whiskey cake at the end you really feel like they want you to come back.
Paid a visit to Upstate last night on a quiet Christmas Eve Eve.  Overall, had a great time.  Service was prompt and spot on.  Great selection of craft beers...quite a few I haven't seen before.  Several tastes were brought out without hesitation.  Sadly all of the West Coast oysters were gone, but we enjoyed an assortment of East Coasts.  Scallop ceviche special was phenomenal.  Creamy, delicious sliced scallops with a nice crunchy topping of cucumber (i think).   Shrimp Caesar salad was solid...with 2 ginormous shrimp on top.  Linguine with clam sauce was excellent and loaded with garlic and very plump littlenecks.   Upstate will definitely become a regular spot for me...I look forward to returning!
Look no further for seafood in the city. I ordered the scallops risotto. The scallops were soft and fresh-tasting, and the risotto was well-textured, and cooked to perfection. The entire course was delicious. After our main course, we were brought small slices of pound cake courtesy of the house. I have the biggest sweet tooth and have to finish my meals with dessert, so it was perfect. They won't accept reservations, and I would wager that waits are upwards of an hour during peak dinner hours. However, they really work hard to get you seated at a table asap, and never rush folks during their meals. I would bring any seafood lover to Upstate for a divine dining experience.
Dear Upstate. I love you. I love all gajillion types of your oysters and I love that you know your oysters... really really well. I appreciate that there is never a popped belly, a bit of grit or a teeth wrenching piece of shell in the bunch. I love your teeny tiny menu and the fact that you do just a few things really well. Daily scallop? Pasta with clams? House-cured salmon? And a downright respectable charcuterie plate. And everyone is so darn-pinch-your-cheeks nice in that cool sorta way. What? You made all of your furniture by yourself? Swoon. Well, you'll probably be seeing me in one of those homemade stools eating whiskey cake on a fairly regular basis. Your friend, Courtney
Found this place one Saturday afternoon and they had an oyster and beer special going with 1/2 doz oysters and a beer for like $12.  A small place but food and atmosphere was great.   I could have stayed here for hours.
Cool place in the EV for oysters, various seafood dishes and craft beers. Upstate offers a great happy hour special every day of the week, including a vast selection of east and west coast oysters with a draft beer. I appreciate that they allow you to choose from various oysters, instead of just Blue Points like most other places. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming as well, everyone from the bartenders, to the servers, to the owner himself. The other seafood "small plates" served here aren't too shabby either, especially the seared calamari salad blackboard special that turned out to be a generous plate of perfectly cooked calamari with arugula and greens, all dressed in this savory soy vinaigrette. While the beers on draft are constantly rotating, they always have a few seasonal specials by some great breweries like Victory and 21st Amendment. Oh and can't forget the whisky cake, which are complimentary!
As I stand waiting for a table outside Upstate, I feel compelled to draft my review.  The boyfriend and I have visited a couple weeks ago for the first time and enjoyed it! So much so that we are now bringing along & introducing two friends to the spot we like to call our "go-to-for-oysters". There's an amazing menu for east & west coast oysters as well as beer.  I'm a huge fan of the oysters & whiskey cake (can you pls sell me a loaf of this yumminess?!) and I'm excited to try the main dishes! Edit: Okay so I'm finally getting a chance to finish my review!  The oysters (all 32 of them) were fresh and delicious!  We also had ordered the sausage platter, fettucini w/ clams, and the seafood bouillabaisse.  The fettucini & bouillabaisse dishes were cooked perfectly and had to have been thee MOST satisfying dishes we've had in awhile.  We even finished all the broth from the bouillabaisse since it was so tasty. Well done Upstate!  We'll definitely be back for more! *Oh and instead of the 4 stars I was originally gave, this visit earned it its 5th star* :)
I would prefer you not go here, because then I'm more assured of finding a seat. But...you probably will because you read this far in the reviews and know the people working there to be super friendly and knowledgeable, the oysters scrumptious, fresh, and fairly priced (for the admittedly insane Oyster Economy), and the beer potent and delicious. All true. If it had a patio I might never leave.
Had been wanting to try this place for a while, biked over from the West Village last night (Saturday night( and arrived at 7 in hopes of putting my name down (for a party of 3), going home for a shower, and coming back later.  There was a bouncer figure, waiting in the vestibule to bear the bad news, that they were not taking any more names at that time, as there were about 20 names on the list and they weren't sure they'd be able to accommodate any more, they didn't want to give a time and be off, it'd be at least two hours, etc. Meanwhile I could see that inside there were at least two empty two-tops and I thought to myself... good shot that if I'm persistent, we can make this happen. So, I nicely begged, and told him that I'd understand if it didn't work out, but to please just consider putting our name down.  He was nice, and did.  I went home to shower, moving as quickly as possible, the rest of my party arrived before 8, I told them the story, and by 8, they were seated at the bar!  I rushed over with wet hair and was ecstatic!  All that to say-- stick around and be a little persistent... and there's a shot! Now to the dining experience-- great oyster menu, $2.75-3/each.  I'm not an expert but the rest of my party seemed to know oysters well and loved them as much, if not more, than I did. Then the food-- we shared scallops, calamari salad, and crab cakes.  The food was all good, though, the grilled calamari was a bit grill tasting/overdone for my liking... resulted in a chewy texture with a slight char flavor.  Scallops were served with three, large sized scallops on top of a mushroom risotto. The risotto didn't stand out in any way.  The crab cake was my favorite.  Served with two large crab cakes, light, fluffy, and flavorful, if I returned, this would be my go-to dish.  This wasn't a lot of food for three people, but for the price, and yes-- these are indeed appetizers (except for the scallops), this was a great deal. The servers are knowledgeable and helpful in guiding you through the oyster menu, the ambiance is great, and the beer selection rocks. I had an old chub and that alone was worth 4/5 stars. I didn't pay attention to the other drinks that my friends were getting, but everyone enjoyed all of the drinks (this is a beer and wine establishment only).
such an awesome quant spot. amazing food, amazing beers!
Such a hidden treasure! Great beers on tap, friendly service, and delicious oysters. No freezer, so everything is super fresh! New favorite NYC restaurant.
This place is such a gem. I haven't been here in some time but when I lived in the east village this was mine and my husbands go to spot. The selection of oysters changes daily, and there is always a new beer to try. The owner is a great guy and always very helpful with beer/oyster recommendations. My husband and I hate ordering the same thing when we go out but we both love the fettuccine and clams so much that we order our own so we don't have to share. Love the ambiance, they have great happy hour specials and the complimentary whiskey cake is the perfect ending to what is always a great meal. One of my favorite places in NYC.
I'm not a very uppity person.  I don't have champagne dreams or caviar wishes, nor do I ever want to.  If I ever yelp review a restaurant in the Hamptons, I would like for you to find me and shoot me.  The things that bring joy to my life are very simple.  Friends.  Beer.  Good food.  Soulful music.  Upstate combines all of these in one amazing place. First, they take pride in their beer.  If you ever read their blog or talk to the owner, you get the sense that they take their beer seriously.  The beers on tap are are local and the selection changes on a weekly basis.  Second, the food is fantastic.  The oysters are all fresh, and a large portion of them are local.  Try the linguini with clams.  It sounds boring, but good food often stems from simplicity.  The linguini with clams is hearty, filling, and fantastic.  Third, the atmosphere is wonderful.  It's very small and intimate.  Great music plays in the background.  This is a very ideal place for a long dinner with a small group of good friends. The prices are absolutely reasonable and it's the best service I've ever come across.  The dessert is a complimentary whiskey cake, and it's a perfect way to end the meal.  If you like seafood and good beer, stop what you're doing and go right now.
Try this place! This has to be one of my favorite places for dinner in NYC. Yes, it is small and getting here before 630pm would be wise in order to get a table. The happy hour (from 5pm to 7pm) is also a great deal: $12 for 6 oysters and a beer. The selection of beers is great and unique as well. Favorite entrees: the fettuccine and beer steamed clams! Very personalized service. Highly recommended!
TOP 5 NYC EXPERIENCES FOR ME!! THE FOOD WAS THAT GOOD!!!! Yea, we waited two hours on a Saturday night but it was soo worth it. I'd go back in a heart beat. The clams were a  little chewy but that was the only issue. The scallops were in this white wine sauce - omg, like a dream! The oysters were absolutely on point and the crab cakes - oh mannn perfectly seared on the outside and not soggy at all. The charcuterie plate was interesting and perfect for four, it came out first. And at the end, the whiskey cake was awesome, I've never had anything like it, so moist, to die for! Absolutely delicious, I can't even tell you how worth it that 2 hour wait was. THE BEST PART: 4 small plates, two rounds of drinks for four turned out to be $40 per person. I love this place!!!!!
I am a huge oyster junkie and when I checked out the website and other Yelp reviews for this place, I was super excited to visit Upstate, especially because I have been looking for a go-to affordable oyster and raw bar joint in NYC for a while. Upstate is absolutely adorable, from the chalkboard menus of the day's specials to the cozy dining area and intimate bar space.  The service was better than any other place I've been to in New York. Our server greeted us like an old friend and immediately told us about a $12 special that included a beer of our choice and a half-dozen mermaid selects, exclusive to Upstate via a connection of the owner to a person who farms them.  Although I wasn't that impressed with the oysters themselves - they were pretty flat in taste and were inconsistently shucked (about half of them unfortunately had grit in them and didn't seem properly shucked - 2 of them were mangled and the shells were broken). However, I was soon won back over when another server offered me a taste of a delicious German pilsner they had just tapped. It was light, cold and nutty - a perfect pairing for my remaining oysters.   We also ordered the bouillabaisse, which came as one big heaping bowl of seafood swimming in a delightful broth that can only be sopped up by crispy toast.  I have to say my shrimp, although massive, arrived overcooked and I was a little disappointed by the tiny size of the mussels in the bowl. But the broth was absolutely scrumptious and I soaked up every last bit of it with the bread.  My dining partner ordered the scallop of the day, which was seared in brown butter and came on top of risotto.  Although the scallops were perfectly cooked, I was sorely disappointed in the risotto. It was not the creamy, slightly al dente risotto you'd expect. Instead it more closely resembled brown rice, as it was loosely scattered on the plate, lacked the tender bite of a good risotto, and didn't have the consistency of a good risotto that can stand on its own two feet. It was a let-down, to say the least. But yes. Two words. Whiskey cake - the perfect end to a really great meal. I just hope Upstate can sort out some of the hiccups so I have a reason to keep going back!
This is the first place I've been to in a while which I loved straight across the board.  One of our friends was craving oysters so we tried this place for the first time.  There was a 10 minute wait but they were able to get us seats at the bar while we waited.  They have an extensive beer selection and a whole menu of different oysters from both East & West Coast.  We don't really have knowledge of the difference between oysters from different regions so we placed our trust in the hands of our waiter and bartender.  They brought over a selection of 3 oysters for each of us which we all liked except one from BC that tasted a tad bit on the fishy side.  Otherwise though, food was all amazing.  After sharing some oysters, we also shared a octopus salad (yum!). 10 minutes later they quickly moved us over to a cozy table.  The guys tried some more oysters (which they raved about) then we had a family style dinner with seafood bouillabaisse (salmon, mussels, oysters, shrimp & scallop), beer steamed mussels (unanimously our favorite dish of the night), fettuccine with clams (great al dente texture..although a TINY bit on the dry side but nothing to complain about really), crab claws (a pain to crack through but soooo worth the trouble!  the sauce that comes with it is amazing too).  They gave us some complimentary whiskey soaked cake to finish our meal. For 16 oysters, 1 octopus salad, 3 entrees, 1 order of crab claws and a whole slew of beers, it came out to $150 + tip.  Totally worth it in our book and we will DEFINITELY be back!  Our waiter gave great suggestions for beers and oysters and the lady at the bar (possibly the owner?) was so nice. Nexttime I definitely want to try the Lazy Man's Lobster with corn and potatoes.. We will be back soon, thanks for a great dinner!
Went on a Tuesday for happy hour around 5:20pm. Happy hour is 5-7.  The wait was about 30-40 min. It's 6 oysters and a craft beer for $12. I got a glass of wine instead; which is $16. It was pretty worth it. I tried all the happy hour oysters and they were great! You can choose from 4 different oysters. I enjoyed the west coast oyster (only 1 west coast oyster during happy hour) the most. It was small, but thick and not as fishy. It was enjoyable! Don't expect to get full off of happy hour. I would recommend getting other entrees as well.
Great beer, great oysters. Long wait - I usually go there, put my name down, and grab a drink nearby until they text you that your table is ready.
Obsessed with this place. My new favorite East Village spot! I've been trying to go all summer, but every time I walk by it's spilling out busy. Still crowded but we scored three perfect spots at the bar. The bartender Chris/Kris (sp?) was awesome. We each got the sweet HH deal of 6 oysters and a beer, then shared the mussels, salmon tartar and crab cakes. Everything was so great and the atmosphere is fabulous. Will definitely be going back! Thank you for joining the neighborhood!
Hi, Upstate has the best oyster happy hour special. I also love the fettucini with clams. The seafood is great here. It's best to get there early for the specials and it's easier to get a seat.
What do get when you have an extensive oyster selection, amazing seafood, a casual ambiance, attentive staff, and rave reviews? Upstate. My husband and I got here at 4:50pm and quickly realized that it was the right time because we didn't have to wait. About 10 minutes after we were seated, any party of two was being quoted crazy wait times, ranging from an hour to 3 hours. We didn't think the food could be that good, boy were we wrong! We started with 3 rounds of the happy hour oysters, followed by the grilled squid salad and finished with the crab cakes. It was the perfect progression for us. Even though the portions are not huge, I left full and satisfied. The oysters were great, I only take a little lemon on mine. It was even better because we both had drinks with it. The squid salad is scrumptious. We didn't think the squid had enough of a char on it initially, but it was very tasty and surprisingly filling. A must try. However, the crab cakes are amazing! The habenero honey dressing on the arugula that was paired with crab cakes sounds okay but tastes, OUTTA THIS WORLD! My only very small critique is that I which it was perhaps a teeny tiny bit crispier, but overall they are a must try. I have to mention how attentive and caring the staff seemed. They were just phenomenal. Overall, this was one of the best meals I've had because everything was perfect. The complimentary whiskey cake is not to shabby since I would pay money to try it. That's how good it was. A light, sweet yet cleansing way to end the meal.
The food here was very good. There was a bit of a wait which they actually over estimated. We sat in way less time then they stated. We were surprised when the host told us well theres a bit of a wait if you want to come back another day. We waited and had a drink at a nearby bar. The selection of oysters is phenomenal.  I was very impressed to see chenin blanc on their wine menu. Will keep going back. We also had the cheese plate which at the time had smoked ricotta which is one of our favorite things. This is a place that had so many of the things we loved.
Visited this place after a year and a half and I was glad to see that the experience is still prime! We had salmon tartare, crab cakes and beer steamed mussels. As last time, the service was great and the vibe was relaxed. Definitely look forward to coming back here in the near future. Bottom line : fresh seafood and a great experience at good prices. What's not to like?
I came here for happy hour where you get a beer and 6 oysters for $12. I have to say, during the 22 years of my life, I have never tasted oysters as good as the ones I had here. They are perfectly shucked and there is no fishy taste or odor to them. I also ended up ordering a few entrées as well. I had the risotto with scallops which was delicious. The kale with squid salad was also very good, especially the dressing. And the garlic clam pasta dish was pretty good, although a little on the salty side for my taste. I would definitely come back here and oh yeah, the service here is really great. I mean really, nothing bad to say about this place.
I came here with my sisters for a girls' night. Thankfully, there wasn't a wait time and so we had 10 or so minutes left for the happy hour deal (6 oysters and a beer)! We also ordered the scallops with risotto and their famous fettucini with clams that everyone on yelp raves about. Everything was delicious, the service was great and the place is cute and cozy. I had such a great time and hope to return soon!
My fiancé and I went back for the second time today and we were not disappointed.  It was as good as we remembered.  Absolutely superfresh seafood.  They don't have a freezer- 'nuff said.   We enjoyed 6 assorted oysters ($2.5/2.75 per piece), the house special fettuccine with clams ($15?), the diver scallop special ($18) and the scallop ceviche with an amazingly silken basil/arugula/tofu sauce ($11).  The oysters were expertly cleaned, and we were hungry, so were very happy the dishes were coursed quickly.  All were truly excellent- tasty and fresh, and by the looks at other tables, the food was great all-around.  The meal ended with their complimentary fab whiskey cake and half-glasses of a lovely rose muscato.   The best thing for me was that the service matched the food- our waitress was super nice, as was the hostess (we ended up waiting for a table only 25 min, half her original quoted time) and the awesome owner chatted us up again.  He thought he remembered us and while I don't think he did (it was almost a year we last visited), he made us feel special and appreciated.  All of the people who work there make you feel welcome and "at home" (sans all of the ubiquitous snotty Manhattan nonsense where as a patron, you are made to feel as though you must accommodate the restaurant, rather than the other way around...). We can't wait to go back again for their happy hour ($12 half-dozen oysters and a beer) and, just because it's that great.
You know what I'm gonna do here? I'm gonna tell you why I love Upstate, and I shall couch that review in an ill-informed diatribe about small business. Just to get it out of the way, Upstate is wonderful, delicious, and special, and that is because it is run by a sincerely devoted owner and a whipsmart professional manager. You know that failing restaurant down the street? Where the owner sits in a chair all day, nervously looking out the window? And when you come in, he fumblingly tries to make your visit as pleasant as possible, but everyone just feels sad and lonely afterwards? That isn't Upstate. Shane, the owner, tends his bar with ease and knowledge. When I saw his oyster shucker getting in the weeds, he quietly went over and helped crack a few. He then sliced up some raw diver scallop, put some spicy as hell oil and garlic atop, and gave it to anyone who was still waiting for their order. No fanfare, no "I know how awesome I am" BS that you'd get anywhere else, just a silent delivery of a free plate. The literal bar is made from north NY white pine (I think?) and the walls are covered in what seems to be wood from a barn. There are always upstate NY beers on tap, the lines are nice and clean, and you can get an IPA in a honkin' big wineglass. It is warm and wooden and kind. The oysters are shockingly cold and fresh. Sure, that's just nature, but Upstate leaves them alone and gets them to you cold, none of the liquor spilt. Humility. That's what I'm getting at here. Every day I'm astounded by some of the bars in this town, and their utter lack of humility. It's all back slapping and knowing winks, picking up an empty plate and saying, "Hmm, I guess you liked it, huh? Huh??" while serving the same thing as everyone else and just waiting for the money to pour in. And Upstate is a surprising break from that model. If you're with someone special and you're walking by, and it's not too crowded, just go in and spend $40 and see what I mean.
OK I moved back to LA cuz I hate NY and the only thing I miss about it is UPSTATE oysters ! GO FOR HAPPY HOUR !!! hands down best oysters/selection I tried in the states ! I don't drink so...didn't try any of the beers but it looks like they would have a lot of choice..but hey, fish quality and knowledge of the servers..OH BOY ! the guy behind the bar was joking about being the owner, maybe he was, maybe he wasn't..such a cool dude ! and explained the difference between East and West coast oysters and other stuff about fish and I really enjoyed the treatment.I was there with my fiancee for our anniversary and couldn't have picked a best hole in the wall (not a fan of big places) anyway..go cuz it's the s***t PERIOD
oysters are my jam and upstates HH didn't disappoint. Their HH includes several choices for $1 oysters paired with a variety of craft brews. On the day I went, they had shigokus on the menu (my fave!!!), so I upstate already ha. A piece of my heart. Hahah. Cool vibe. Attentive servers. yummy oysters. Sold! PS Be especially nice to your server and they'll reward you with delicious slivers of the secret recipe whiskey cake. It's not on the menu so don't even try to order it
The Happy Hour special is awesome. It was $12 for a craft beer and 6 oysters from 5-7 pm ($3 more for wine). What makes this a great deal is their selection of oysters. It was the first time I actually ordered oysters and not pick up a random one at a buffet. WOW! I was never a fan because the few I tried were bland and limp. But after trying Fanny Bays I'm a convert. These mollusks were absolutely delicious and offer so much flavor and texture. Trying the different types of oysters was like discovering a new beach with each slurp. I literally tasted the waters of the many different homes these little creamy morsels came from. It was enlightening. After that ordeal the entrees were just OK. We were really looking forward to the Fettuccine with Clams but it was a bit of a letdown. The clams on top were great but the pasta sauce was very starchy instead of the usual oily garlicky mess we're used to. Fish Special was Halibut nice portion but the sauce was much too sour and the fish a little overcooked. The accompanying broccoli and potato hash were great though. When we got there at 5:30, it was empty but quickly got packed by 6:30 on a weeknight.
The seafood here is simply incredible, and the staff couldn't have been more professional and pleasant!!!!! We will be back for sure.
Service amazing. Crab cakes phenomenal. Honey I everything. Great oysters paired with beer
We loved our experience here. I give it 4 instead of 5 stars because we are not big fans of cold oysters, but the happy hour deal is good value if you like beer and cold oysters! The server really made the experience for us, so friendly w good recommendations, but nonintrusive as well. The ambience is small with raw brick walls, feels very 'New York', can be dressy or casual. They have a small menu that changes seasonally, but the fish and summer squash that I had was delicious, and the calamari very good as well. My husband lived the Halibut. It feels like a healthy meal where the real flavour of the food is emphasized rather than relying on sauces and salt. Seafood that is very well done and good value too!
Went there last night for dinner with the wife and friends of ours ...we got there around seven and it was packed, the guy at the door said 40 minutes and he would text us when a table becomes available ...So we headed down the block for a drink at Amor y Amargo which is another review ,well we just got our drinks and got a text a table was available which was great cause it was only 10 minutes later ..so safe to say we downed our drinks and headed back to the restaurant ...we had the crab cakes ,the squid and octopus salad,the sea bass ceviche  and the east to west coast oysters..think we were hungry...all four apps were outstanding...the east to west coast oysters was a great adventure indeed..tasting the different flavors was great....the squid and octopus salad was wonderful with a great smokey grill taste on them...sea bass ceviche  and crab cakes outstanding as well....we ordered the mussels ,scallops and the seafood stew....all three were great we were all in each other's plate.....it's been a while since we ate out and everything was fabulous ...great IPA brew....and our waitress was great always attentive to our needs....we will be back for more and more....thanks
Four stars alone for the happy hour special. We stayed for dinner and I got the cioppino. It was pretty big and fresh - and the shrimp were huge - but overall I felt like it tasted mediocre. My dinnermates felt the same way. Obviously, don't bother taking someone who doesn't like seafood here.
This place is off the hook literally.  It is so delicious. Small place but packs big flavors. The fresh oysters and craft beers were great.  The fettuccine with class and Chopino were tasty.  I have nothing bad to say. Service was great and overall a great experience.
My mom and I could write a book about all the time we have spent together eating oysters.  In fact last weekend we ate oysters for dinner both Saturday and Sunday in NYC. Sunday's location not only blew away Saturday's, but it blew away the majority of the places we have been. On Sunday we went to Upstate and I'm already trying to figure out when I can get back there. We sat at the bar and ordered half a dozen oysters 3 from east coast 3 from the west. Out waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful when it came to recommendations and he introduced us to the tatamagouche (pei) which were so fantastic we had to order another half dozen of those alone. We then had the squid salad. I'm salivating as i write this!!!!! Let me preface by saying that squid is pretty much my go-to dish so I eat it weekly and would say I have a very good idea of what makes a good squid salad and this it. Cooked literally to perfection, it had perfect consistency- I could've eaten 2 more orders but as we later found out we had the last one. Boy, did i feel bad for the guys next to us who tried to order it after. For Dinner we split the fettuccine with clams at the recommendation of our kick ass bartender/ server.  Not something I typically order but this guy clearly knew his stuff so we went for it. Good decision- my eyes were rolling into the back of my head and we shamelessly licked the plate clean.  It was again, perfection. I was drinking wine that evening but The craft beer selection (on tap) was pretty substantial and seemed like it would well accompany their food selection. Kudos to the owner, our server and the small but expert staff they have at upstate. I almost don't want to admit how good it is because I don't want to share my stool at the bar!
Awesome little restaurant I usually just pass on the daily. It's a small menu but it's perfect. Great service, Sam was our server and she was extremely knowledgable about the oysters and gave us great suggestions about how to eat each dish to get the optimal flavors from each bite. The oysters were delicious. The flavors in the Uni dish got a little lost. Scallops were beautifully cooked on delicious risotto with mushrooms. Then the fettuccine with clams was the highlight of the meal. Pasta with seafood cooked right.   Would absolutely go back. Need to try the octopus dish and the crab cakes looked awesome too.
Cool oyster and beer spot. $12 during happy hour gets you a half dozen oysters (most of the oyster menu is available), as well as one of their rotating craft beers. My friend and I split a dozen oysters and two entrees: beer steamed clams and bouillabaisse. Clams were tasty but i preferred the latter, which included shrimp, mussels, scallops, clams, and the catch of the day - a delicious salmon. By the time I finished it, the broth was a bit cold but I can't really fault them for that. Good flavor and they give you a hell of a lot of bread to mop it up. Our waitress was great. I've never met an oyster I didn't like, so I employed her to help choose what oysters we should try. She took over and brought 8 East Coast and 4 West Coast oysters, and I enjoyed all six types. Furthermore, after making the observation that I was not drunk enough to leave the restaurant, she brought out 2 complimentary glasses of porter and one glass to share (we had 3 cocktail bars to get to...) of 9.4% Lagunitas. As mentioned in the reviews, complimentary whiskey cake is a good way to finish. Regardless of the aforementioned freebies, I'd come back to this place without question. This is a good, small place to enjoy oysters and beer but I suggest you try it all. I'll definitely be back when I'm in town and I'm sure my NYC resident friend will be back sooner. Give it a shot!
YUM! Everything is delicious and interesting but not fussy. A bit on the pricey side but worth it. The beers aren't particularly expensive though so thats good! Good for a nice night out where everyone is willing to spend a little money to treat themselves and to really take the time to savor each dish. We ordered a lot of stuff, but I especially recommend the crab cakes - nice and crispy on the outside and sweet and juicy on the inside! - the fettuccini with garlic and clams, and the cured salmon platter(comes with capers and baguette slices). Oysters are fresh here too - my favorite was the kumamoto. Small but lots of flavor! Everyone is really nice here too and you get a small complimentary slice of whiskey cake at the end.
When I'm craving some delicious seafood, this is my first choice! Love the ambiance, small, dim lit, comfortable, and not pretentious! Food is delicious, flavorful, fresh and totally hits the spot! Love the selection of beers! And the complimentary cake is delightful!
Fresh oysters and seafood. Simple and on point. Will definitely come back, it gets crowded easily though, come with patience.
If you love a really great micro-brew, and seafood, this is the place to be. This is the best spot for fresh raw oysters. The owner gets fresh picks every single morning, and nothing is ever frozen here - it's all fresh. Beer selection changes often based on availability as well as seasonality, and they're happy to give you a sample first so you find what you like.  They also have a wonderful small selection of red and white wines as well, about 6 varieties of each. Ultimately, the owner carefully chooses each of the beers and wines they carry, keeping in mind that what they server must pair well with seafood - especially with oysters. Stay long enough to talk to the owner or their waitstaff about music and traveling, and you may find yourself rosy-cheeked and delightfully buzzed after an hour or so. Everyone who works there is good company. Staff is incredibly attentive and informative about the catches of the day, as they aim to please and not to disappoint. The place is cozy, and good for very small groups - 2 to 4 people. On the weekends it gets crowded, but for good reason! Be patient! Grab a beer while you wait, if you like. It's not fancy spot, but the ambiance is nice with rustic natural wood tables and candles lit around the place. The food is simple, humble and straight to the point. It's like honest home-cooking. Nothing is overdone in a way that overpowers the natural flavors of the seafood. They make an excellent bouillabaisse, coupled with slices of fresh bread to dip it in. Their fish specials are always great, too. Definitely get the whiskey cake at the end of your meal - they don't mention it on the menu but it's excellent.
Awesome beer selection and the mussels were solid; the linguini was pretty meh. Loved that the place itself is small and cozy.
This place is just beyond amazing the food here is exceptional. The service second to none. To start we order oyster and am not a big fan of oysters but they were great. For the moan dish I order risotto with mushrooms and scallions. Again I'm not a picky eater but I'm not a big fan of mushrooms unless on a pizza but this dish was out of this world. Everything was perfect. And again the service deserves 10 out of 10. Really glad I found this place.
My boyfriend and I came here a week ago and we loved it so much we went back last night. Usually the highlight of a great restaurant is the food (obviously), but in this case, the best thing about the restaurant  is the people who work here. Don't get me wrong, the food here is WONDERFUL, but I truly feel that I've never experienced service that is so sincerely friendly and casually accommodating as I have here (well, except maybe at Del Posto/Eleven Madison Park but at those places it doesn't count since you are REALLY paying for it, plus I guess neither are all that casual/sincere). I love that the owners are out on the floor making sure everyone is happy, and I REALLY LOVED that our waiter brought me a complementary glass of Zinfandel last night "just because he thought I might like it." The oysters are SO fresh and they have a great selection of wines and local beers that they rotate regularly. Ive had the bouillabaisse both times and he had the fettuccine with clams (soooooo good) the first time and the shrimp over penne last night (not as good as the fettuccine but still delish). I really appreciate how they keep the food and menu simple to highlight the quality and maintain the integrity of the fish itself. You can tell these people really know and love their seafood. In terms of atmosphere, the place is cozy, homey, and intimate. It is laid-back and casual but still has a sophisticated feel. I never really pay attention to the music in restaurants but did notice that I loved the music they were playing. No reservations but it doesn't seem to be very crowded and it's never been a problem. In fact, I feel like this place is in need of some more word-of-mouth hype, it really deserves it!
#1 restaurant in NYC? No, definitely not. The food didn't blow me out of the water, but it was very solid and the service was great. We arrived at 6:30 on a Tuesday night and had a 45 minute wait. The grilled calamari and kale salad was tasty, but could have been a bit warmer, and completely raw kale isn't my favorite - it could have used a good massage (am I right, kale lovers!?) I didn't really like the pasta with clams at all - kind of gelatinous and garlic that was perhaps a little burnt. The uni appetizer was also good, but it was also difficult to eat considering the egg yolk it came with.  Beer steamed mussels/clams were great. The complementary whiskey cake at the end of our meal was one of my favorite parts. So while it sadly didn't live up to the hype for me personally, I would definitely come back when the menu changes, or for their happy hour which looks awesome.
Such wonderful things surround you, What more is you lookin' for? Under the sea, Under the sea!! In the mood for oysters?! Come here for Happy Hour! They have 6 select oysters and a draught beer for $12 from 5-7pm every day!! It was a bit crowded, but luckily there was one table for the 4 of us around 6:00pm and we didn't have to wait. There were several patrons later lining up out the door. We tried 6 of the select oysters that they had on special. Every day they select a few and star them on the sheet. Normally, each oyster would range about $2.75, but it was basically only $1.00 during Happy Hour. We enjoyed the East Coast more than the West Coast. The east were larger and less salty, but try all the sauces - they had a vinaigrette, ginger, and some sort of ketchup type sauce. The beer was also very special and good. I ordered the hoppy Ithaca beer, which was very refreshing and went well with the oysters. The waiter was nice, but was a little rushed and pushy because we sat there talking and enjoyed our complimentary whiskey cake at the end while there was a long line out the door. The food menu didn't seem like it had much, and it was a bit pricey... so, I would only come here for the happy hour special! The bill came out to $15-16 a person since we each got the special. If you want to taste a whiff of ocean, try the oysters here! :)
Glad I came back a second time! For starters, we had oysters and the squid salad. The owner recommended three types of oysters that provided a good variety of tastes and textures. The squid salad rocked! The squid was grilled just right, and the saltiness of the squid was balanced off very nicely by the accompanying kale. For mains we had the clams with fettuccine and the fish special, which was a hake. There were only 8 clams in the fettuccine, but they were large and some of the juiciest, tastiest clams I've had in a pasta dish. The hake was flaky and very well-prepared, and came with some very nicely grilled greens.
This is the best oyster place in the city! We went to Upstate as a recommendation of a co worker and then saw a good friend's yelp review... I know both are too picky, so I gotta give it a try! We got there early enough for happy hour, and was an amazing deal! $12 dlls for half dozen of oysters + craft beer. We ordered 5 of those (we were two)... oysters were deliciously fresh, and even when they narrow down to 3 options of oysters for Happy Hour, trust me, the deal is worth it! We also had a couple of side dishes, and the linguini with clams is one of the best seafood pasta dishes I've ever had!  Go there early, the place is tiny and fills up quick. They change the menu every day to ensure you get the freshest seafood. Luv it! Hidden treasure in the East Village!
Just ate here last night! It was a random find but thank goodness I did! Got here around 6:30 PM knowing it was pretty tiny and there would be 5 of us at 7PM. I was kind of surprised at how many people were already there on a Tuesday night. The bar was full and there were about 8 tables total and 60% of them occupied. I think everyone was there for the happy hour which is a pretty good deal btw at $12 for any 6 oysters + beer (unfortunately ends at 7 though). There's a large selection of oysters from both the East Coast and West Coast that is curated every single day by the owner(?! i think it was the owner...) As they say on the site, there is also not a single freezer so everything is fresh fresh fresh. Also if you don't know anything about oysters (like me), they told us that the oysters are ordered on the list with the top oysters being the ones that go down the easiest and they get progressively more briney as you go down the list. Beer selection also changes frequently with a good variety of craft beers at around $6-7 each. Menu only has about 5 entrees total, but it's about the quality not the quantity. We got Ceviche to share, fettuccine with clams, squid salad, and a few oysters each. Everything was great but the scallops with mushroom risotto (one of the specials) stole the show. Scallops were perfectly seared and the risotto was the perfect consistency and very flavorful. Hopefully the special is still there by the time I go back!  Oysters were also extremely fresh, will have to make sure I'm back again for the HH as well. Service all around was awesome. At the end they gave us complimentary whiskey pound cake. Just added to how accommodating they were and the place just felt really "local". I don't live in the EV, but I'd be here a whole lot more if I did. Better to come here with just one other person or a small group. Cheers!
My boyfriend and I went to Upstate last night for my birthday dinner. And can I say....BEST BIRTHDAY EVER! When we arrived, all the tables were full and there was a group of 3 waiting ahead of us. We were offered seats at the end of the bar, near the kitchen. At first I was iffy about sitting so close to the kitchen and being stuck at the bar all night, but we decided to sit and see how long it would take for us to get a table. Lucky us, we arrived just in the nick of time for happy hour -- 6 oysters and craft beer for $12. We started with 2 beers and 12 oysters, of which we had no idea how to order. But no worries! The staff at Upstate is patient, friendly and knowledgeable. We settled on a half east / half west selection, then sat and watched our oysters get shucked. I started to really love our position at the bar -- the kitchen is clean, organized, and absolutely mesmerizing to watch. It was like a choreographed dance! Very smoothly done and every dish was prepared carefully. Our oysters were delicious and fresh, and our server checked in with us a few times to see how we were doing and if we had any questions. After our oysters, we both ordered the clams and fettuccine (I told my boyfriend that I wouldn't share with him so he decided to get his own), and watching the chef prepare our meals was like waiting to open a present on Christmas. The clams were HUGE but tender and perfectly cooked, and the fettuccine was al dante and deliciously seasoned. A perfect balance of all the ingredients, and a portion that wasn't overwhelming but still enough to stuff me to the brim. At this point, the owner came over and asked how our meal was going. He brought us over 2 flights of beer to sample, which my boyfriend and I loved. And since the keg from my first beer was tapped, I ordered one of the beers we sampled. Again, incredibly knowledgeable and great staff -- I had no idea what the name of the beer was, but simply saying "light but a little creamy" got me the exact beer I was looking for. After our meals, our server brought us each a flight of their stout to taste, since according to her, we'd tried everything else! It was a perfect compliment to the whiskey cake that I had been looking forward to. Once, I got up to use the restroom, so my boyfriend had to shuffle over for me. The owner came over and asked if we were leaving...and then seemed genuinely excited that we weren't giving up our seats just yet! All in all, my experience at Upstate was amazing. Dim lights but it's not too dark, enjoyable music but you don't have to shout, and a small space but not cramped at all. Everyone on staff is friendly and has a great sense of humor, and the food is fantastic. I couldn't have asked for a better meal!
Upstate's way is how oysters should always be ordered from the raw bar: like a sushi or dimsum a la carte menu, with a golf pencil on a paper slip. This format maximized our oyster enjoyment since we had a visual to remember which oysters we ordered and where each variety was from. We ordered a dozen east and west--wonderfully shucked. It was nice to have horseradish on the side, a PNW familiarity, in addition to the cocktail sauce and mignonette that you'd find at other raw bars in the city. The other seafood was quite good as well, as is the draught beer selection. We were not as impressed with the overly tart ceviche as we were with the generous portion of squid, sauteed over kale salad, with a citrus/honey dressing. We were seated at a high table against the wall, which made the space feel roomier, since we were a head above the other tables. We were able to comfortably hold a conversation; the patrons and music were not so loud on a Saturday night that we had to walk away before a table was available (as at the 4 other E.Village establishments we tried before returning to Upstate). Steve, the general manager, came and checked on us, and the service was on point throughout. Our servers were knowledgeable about each brew and the oyster offerings, as well as questions like "Is the fennel overpowering in this dish" and whether they used the bulb or frond. They don't take reservations, but you can leave your cell # and they'll text you after the estimated wait time with an update, and to check whether you will be returning for your table. This freed us up to wander around the neighborhood (and stumble upon a new ice cream shop) rather than shivering in line. There's also a McDonald's across the street, for this purpose. Would love to return for their daily 5-7pm oyster happy hour. 6 oysters and a brew for $12! And for a weeknight dine.
My favorite Oyster place in the city.  They don't take reservations so sometimes it's a bit of a wait, but just head to a bar nearby, the wait is worth it!
Pretty much a bad experience overall. The oysters were served in a pie plate and when we asked for salt for the mussels, the waitress brought them to the wrong table and didn't realize it until 10 minutes later when we asked about it again. In addition, the 2nd entree we ordered (the mussels being one) never came. All in all, with drinks, the meal of a few oysters, a few mussels and a few drinks cost us $60 and we weren't even close to satisfied when we left.
Had a fantastic experience at Upstate last night. Got there around 6:45 (Thursday night) with my friend and had no wait, which was a very pleasant surprise. We were seated at the bar and were immediately engaged in conversation with the staff behind the bar about the happy hour special ($12 for 6 oysters and a beer). With four oysters available for the happy hour (3 east coast, 1 west coast), we ordered 3 of each along with two delicious craft beers (Bell's Amber Ale was great) they encouraged us to try before making our final decision. Oysters were all very different, and obviously carefully curated against each other - ridiculously fresh and delicious. We then moved on to the salmon tartare, which was one of, if not the best, salmon tartare I've had. They mentioned the salmon is from one of the best organic salmon fjords in the world, and it definitely tasted as such. For our mains we shared the fish special of the day (a lightly crusted pollock over vegetables) and the fettuccine with clams. Both were incredible, and the portions, especially for the price, were very good. Typically in seafood pastas the fish isn't a highlight, but there were 12 clams in the fettuccine - completely fresh and no fishy taste, which I often find in clams. At the end of the meal, we were given the complementary whiskey cake which was a perfect topper on the meal. Throughout, we were never rushed, but rather encouraged to chat with the staff and other patrons across the bar. We were not given the bill until we asked for it ($45 including tip per person for more food than we needed), and overall we had a lovely experience. This will definitely be a repeat trip, and very soon. Thank you Upstate for such a memorable meal!
i've rarely been inclined to offer a 5-star rating before. upstate inspired me - the waitstaff, the food, the prices, the perfect beer selection. we were in the city at the end of june, visited upstate on a saturday night, sat at the bar and were fortunate enough to find shane (owner) behind the bar offering suggestions and beer/food pairings. he and his staff are the perfect balance of efficient, attentive and respectful of space. took advantage of the generous oyster/drink happy hour - the oysters were the freshest i've ever had and i am still dreaming about beer-steamed clams and scallop risotto. the whiskey cake was the perfect final touch. and i thought i loved the city before.
Amazing sea food, and the oysters where all top notch!!! Not to mention when I walked in I noticed some F.X. Matt Brewery paraphernalia, which resides in the city where I was raised. The owner Shane is a wonderful man as well, cannot wait to go back!!
Small spot but great food and drinks!  I've been here many times with my buddy Paul, when we sit at the bar, you get extra taken care of by the staff.  Great happy hour, half dozen oyster (east and west coast to choose from) and a craft beer from 5-7pm. The food is always good, risotto, fettuccine and more. And at the end of your meal, you always get the house whiskey cake. Shane is sometimes around and always making sure everyone is happy.
The only thing I can possibly complain about is that my dinner companions couldn't keep their paws off of my fettuccine with clams. Can't wait to come back and order this again!
Having only 5 stars as the highest rating isn't fair to Upstate! If you're looking for seafood, save yourself the time and stop searching yelp right now. 4 of us visited Upstate about 2 months ago and I certainly haven't forgotten this gem. Everything about this place was excellent. We arrived a little after it opened and only had a 5 minute wait, but by the time we left the wait was quite a bit longer so I definitely recommend getting there early since the seating is limited. Very casual and intimate atmosphere. We all had a different dish (bouillabaisse, fettuccine with clams, seared tuna special, and the scallop special)  and all of them were money (kudos to the chef)! I forget what everyone had to drink (I had a pilsner), but every beer seemed to pair just right with everything that night. The restaurant was clean. Waitstaff was super friendly and informative. Free whiskey cake at the end of dinner scored bonus points from all of us. Met the husband owner, who was very unassuming and friendly, and he let my mom take home the fish spoon she used for free because she loved it so much (hopefully his wife doesn't read this and get mad at him). Lastly, it's unbelievably affordable; 4 meals with a couple of beers and a generous tip for around $100.
I believe in quality over quantity.  I believe that if a person puts their thought and creativity into something, it is glutenous to ask for too much of it and actually detracts from the beauty of the finite experience. I've been to Upstate  several times for happy hour and for dinner. For happy hour it's a great deal. Cheap beer. Cheap oysters. The cool part is that there are oysters from both coasts, you mark down your choice of six out of 12 or 18 choices and the staff lines them up in the order you chose them.  This allows you to learn the ins and outs of each oyster as you "suck it down".  Learning the individual flavors and textures that nature has so eloquently bestowed upon us. This one is nutty, that one is salty, this one is rich, and that one is creamy.   When it comes to eating mollusks, I consider myself to be an expert.  I take my time with each oyster to stimulate a bond between the taste buds and the mind. Upstate helps foster this relationship between mouth and shell and I appreciate them for it.
To sum it up. Great service, great food, tiny portion. Great service: I came with a group of 4, all parties are not present. The restaurant is packed. But the owner was kind enough to give us a table anyways. Great food: Great selection of oyster. Crab cakes was delicious. Everything we ordered were amazing. Tiny Portion: spent a lot of money to get full.
This place was fantastic! Went there solely based on Yelp so felt I should give back. Went there on a Saturday night around 9:30. Place was pretty busy and they said it would be about a half hour. 10 minutes later we were seated after ordering a beer. Great beer choices by the way. Ordered some oyster apps which were very good. Then had the special soft shelled crabs which was great! At the end of the meal they bring you some whiskey cake on the house. Small piece but very tasty. Will definitely go back. Only down side was the small bar area where if you don't have a seat then you're always in the staff's way as they move in and out of the kitchen. However if there's no room there then they will text you when your table is ready so you can wait elsewhere.
Upstate Pro/Cons: +Really friendly bartender +Wide craft beer selection +Happy hour deal: 6 oysters and a beer for $12 -Doesn't take reservations and tiny space so usually a wait on weekend nights.  The bar area is really narrow so they actually suggested we go to Toucan and the Lion for a drink while we wait.  Love that!
Super friendly service. And ridiculously good looking servers. Might come back just to get another glimpse at them...hehe. Oysters were great. I had our server choose a dozen off the non happy hour ones and it was a great mix between east & west coast, thanks! There was a little sand in one of the dozen, but that's ok, forgivable. Scallops were OK. Very big, plump, and fresh. I didn't care too much for the risotto though. Did not add or subtract from the scallops. Best part of the meal is definitely the whiskey cake. Very moist and flavorful. Wish I can take a whole loaf home :(
love this place.... great food, great service.  cant wait to go back.
After 2 years of frequenting this place I figured its time I update my review. I fell in love with Upstate on my first visit and like any true love my fondness for it only grew as I got to know it better. I've brought many friends here and have gushed about it to countless more whenever the subject of oysters would come up. And yes, while I've checked out other oyster bars (I am a foodie after all) nothing has compared to Upstate this far. Don't get me wrong, I've gone to trendy/upscale oyster bars like John Dory since I discovered Upstate but if you consider the quality, price point, and hospitality of the place then Upstate takes the top spot in my book. The folks here are so warm and friendly that I feel just as comfortable coming here with friends or solo. Yup, whenever I'm craving for some good oysters I'd stop by for a quick happy hour, sit at the bar, chat with the guys a bit, and just happily savor my dozen oysters and whatever local beer they have that day. Speaking of food, yes I have tried other things here aside from their oysters. The house cured gravlax and the daily preparation of scallops are always excellent. Recently, my favorite is the grilled squid salad and the sea urchin small plate. The squid is served with kale tossed in a ponzu vinaigrette and drizzled with honey. The salty sweet combination is amazing! Well I think I'll wrap this up.. Writing this just made me wanna go back tonight. It's been a few weeks.. Well Shane and everyone in your staff, keep up the great work!
As someone who is crazy about seafood, Im completely infatuated with Upstate. I have been here a number of times but I was waiting to write a review until ive tried a good amount on their menu. It's a really cozy place. I think its the perfect size bar/ restaurant. I love the way the place is designed, the wood bar is incredible. It has a modern feel to it but also a homey-ness that makes you wanna just relax and enjoy. Now to the good stuff... the food!!!!! unbelievable!!! the squid salad ive tried, and it is great. squid was cooked perfectly. nice and tender, not rubbery at all and it had that nice charred grill taste to it. One of my favorites was their fish tacos. It was a special that day. Im always in search for good fish tacos and this one hit the spot. I love that the fish was not breaded. the sauce was glorious. and the ratio of fish to slaw was perfect. The oysters were the best ive had so far in the city. Ive tried oysters from Employees Only and Ed's Lobster Bar and other random places but my god the oysters here are so good and so fresh! They truly melt in your mouth. Their boulliabaise though, is truly mouthwatering. I could probably eat ten pots of that dish in one sitting. So much seafood in it. Giant shrimp, scallops, clams, tender white fish. Perfectly seasoned and the best part of it is the soup. Sweet jesus it is so good my mouth is watering right now. They only serve beer and wine and they have some seriously great beer. I love the mother's milk. It's a bit creamy and has kind of a caramel aftertaste. and of course the whiskey cake is really good. I also love that the owner is there everyday meeting his customers and working so hard to give people the best experience possible. If you are here, say hi to him, he is the dashing guy inthe red hat ;-) and his beautiful wife who bakes the whiskey cake. what a team! I recommend this place to everyone! You should go. Now!
Great ambiance, good food, highly recommend.
Snagged the last two seats at the bar on a Sunday night. Didn't try the gourmet beers, though that seemed to be the thing to do here as they were giving generous tastings to the folks who were drinking beer around us.  but the food was great and the bartender was very attentive. the complimentary slices of delicious whiskey cake to finish the meal was the perfect touch. Definitely going to look for a recipe! would also like to go back for the happy hour at some point.
Wow. This place is amazing. We got here on a Saturday night and it was a 30-minute wait. The staff was happy to take my number and text me when the table was available. We ordered the house-cured salmon, fettuccine with clams, and glasses of Baba Black Sheep beer. Everything we ordered was excellent and down to earth. My favorite was the beer (which was black beer with toffee flavor, very interesting), and the fettuccine (not the traditional Italian flavor but it tasted REALLY good). They gave us a few slides of the Whiskey cake at the end of the meal, which we didn't order, but was a perfect complement to the meal. That literally put a smile to my face. Overall, the place was appropriately casual and exactly what I wanted for a Saturday night - a feel-good and carefree food experience. Not to mention the price was affordable as well - $20 for each of us. I will be back to try the oysters and other dishes. Can't wait.
Great selection of oysters, and good brews.  Great happy hour deal.  Rest of the food we ordered was just ok though (bouillabaise was pretty bland, grilled squid was too sweet strangely).  Service was friendly, attentive, yet not overly so.  Overall a good place.
Really loved the food specially the Salmon tartar. The beer selection was amazing. The waiters are so friendly and professional and happy to help you always. The hostess needs to go home!!!!!
Great afterwork / date place! Intimate setting with a big open front for a nice summer day. Great special on oysters and beer - perfect for someone wanting to try oysters but not go crazy or feel intimidated. The staff was very helpful. I'll try to get back here!
This place is great. You should eat there.
I don't have a single negative word to say about Upstate. It was a fantastic dining experience from start to finish. My friend and I shared three dishes - the red snapper cerviche, the squid salad and the crab cakes. Each dish was our favourite until we tasted the next! So flavoursome and everything was cooked to perfection. All of this was washed down well with a glass of white wine the waiter recommended. Due to another reservation at a bar nearby, we had to leave quite promptly. The waiter was a champion, quickly bringing us a complementary slice of whisky cake (delicious!) whilst he processed the bill. We were sad to walk out the door and I only wish my time in New York allowed me to return. I would highly recommend Upstate - service I couldn't fault, complementary dessert as well as some of the yummiest seafood I'd had in a long time!
I sell oysters and seafood for a living and still I come here on my days off. Enough said.
I can't even begin to say how good this place is. A friend introduced me to the joint 5 weeks ago and I have eaten here every Saturday since. The beer selection is great, and  almost every food item on the menu is exceptional. I especially like the squid salad and clam fettuccini. There is a guy at the door who takes your name down for a table and he seems awesome in terms of how he treats every guess. Highly recommended!
Wow what a hidden local east village gem. I went to upstate last night on a Tuesday evening and had the most delicious seafood and red wine. Sat at the bar with a friend and was treated so well by all the staff. The variety of oysters was insane, so fat and delicious, and also got to taste a few of the red wines before ordering the Cabernet Sauvignon. My friend and I shared the crab cakes (my favorite!), the grilled squid and kale salad and the scallops with mushroom risotto. Servings are a decent size and such great value too. Oh and a taste of the whiskey cake compliments of the chef at the end topped off a great night. Can't wait to visit again!
This place hits the nail on the head. Delicious, well selected, fresh seafood, cool exposed brick wall atmosphere, packed always but deservingly so. Get a dozen oysters, the grilled calamari and kale salad, and something off their creative wine list. Its consistently good. Yum.
We came here during happy hour and we were not disappointed. The oysters were fresh and the beer and wine selection is amazing, and the dinner dishes are fantastic. Everything we tried here was great. I highly recommend the clam linguine! Make sure you make reservations though this place gets filled up fast.
I came here because I really wanted seafood. I saw (old) pictures on Yelp and thought you get 12 oysters for $12 and was so excited. But my waiter informed me that the current HH is actually 6 oysters plus one beer for $12. Not bad either. If you don't try the HH, a single oyster is either priced at $2.5 or $3. Can't remember. And a single glass of beer is $6. I got the pumpkin flavored beer and it was so good! Highly recommend. Definitely try its HH here if you get a chance. Happy hour is from 5pm to 7pm daily. Arrive early! There was no seating after 5:30pm-ish when I was here on a weekend evening. I ordered the big stew thing ($18) where I got a mix of seafood such as prawns and clams, etc. When I got the bowl, I was so excited because I was craving prawns! But then I kept stirring around and only saw one single prawn in the whole bowl, I was a bit disappointed. I wish they could have more prawns. But I totally understand the restaurant supply really depends on the catch of the day. Still, it would have been nice to see more prawns in the dish. The bowl was definitely overwhelmingly mussels. More diversity, please! The interior could have been decorated a bit more. I think they could definitely use the wall space and put up more pictures or decorations, maybe? The wait staff are good in general. They all seem nice. My server was not super friendly but I think it was because she was really busy. I would recommend its happy hour if you are in the neighborhood. The diversity of oysters they offer here is amazing and must-try!
This restaurant does not use a fridge. How awesome is that?! They go fresh all the way, to happy mouths and tummies like mine. They boast an impressive list of oysters and their beer selection pays much love to local/upstate breweries. The entree list is short and solid. Whiskey pound cake is a perfect ending to a meal there. The owner is super nice and tends to check regularly on customers for feedback.
I don't even know how many times this makes, but my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves AS ALWAYS at Upstate. Ian, the host, was so nice and helped us get a table as soon as possible. Shane was so hospitable and welcoming as always. He remembered that I came in last time with my mom while we were in the city...THREE Months ago. We are not New Yorkers, but we feel like regulars here. Food was fantastic as always, our waitress was great and we enjoyed chatting with the bartender for some after dinner beers (Steve??? I can't remember his name....argh!). My advice: Go there. Then go there again.
It was the day we all dread, birthdays. As another year passes we realize we're not getting any younger, therefore we have an excuse to splurge and eat what we love despite nutritional facts. My gf chose this restaurant based on Yelp ratings and my favorite cuisine, yup you guessed it, seafood. You know it's going to be an awesome night when you pull into a parking spot right in front of the restaurant. From the front it looks like a ordinary LES seafood restaurant, the interior is design with modern rustic feels making it comfortable sucking up oysters. We were greeted with fantastic service and seated immediately. Raw Bar Fanny Bay - The flavor is salty, but sweet firm flesh with a creamy finish Clams - fresh, salty, & clean. We had 2 more different west coast oysters but don't remember the names of them. All their oysters were cleaned very well, didn't have a grain of sand in them. I'm never going to see oysters ($1 Blue Points) the same again. To Share/Appetizer Salami & Prosciutto Platter - It a strange dish to order, however prosciutto is always too good to pass. The presentation was nice and was served on an official "rock platter board", looked nice and was great to snack on. Entrées Fettuccine with clams - I'm a huge fan of clams but dislike cheese with passion, but with all the rave reviews about this dish I decided to give it a try. The clams were very succulent and the pasta was cooked al dente. The only downside to the dish for a non cheese lover is that the dish was drowned in cheese, but nevertheless delicious. Scallops - scallops were seared perfectly capturing all the natural scallop flavors. It was seasoned well and was paired perfectly with the garnish. Overall I had a great experience. Service was great, food was superb, I will definitely be back.
We found our new favorite restaurant in the city! It was a friday night, we didn't have anything planned, and wasn't craving any cuisines in particular, so yelp to the rescue. Upstate popped up when we did a search for scallops. Its pictures looked mouth watering, and the beer selection is a plus. So we headed over and found 2 empty seats at the bar. I like its beer selection, it has just enough choices, and doesn't take at least half an hour to read. We haven't heard of some of the beer, so our bartender introduced us to all of them and gave us a taste on 2-3 we were interested in before we decided on which one to have. oh, wait, so this is where I left off from my previous review. So anyways, we ended up at upstate again before I finished my review. One, it was because the food was way too delicious and fresh, it's almost addicting; Two, I do kind of want to keep this little gem to myself. It was a friday night, again, we invited 1 of our good friend here for dinner, so it was a table of 3, but somehow we became a table of 6. (darn it, we shouldn't have posted any pictures on facebook, nor check in on foursquare) For such a cozy place like upstate, a group of 6 definitely will have a long wait, so we were told it will be around 2 hours. We asked, what if we get rid of 3 people? Then the wait will be around 1 hour (don't worry, we didn't make any one "disappear") Shane, the owner, told us to pay his good friend's bar for a visit while we wait, and it's just right around the corner. So we went, we drank, we waited. Then all of the sudden Shane showed up and told us that our table's ready. How thoughtful of him! Again, all the food were fresh, tasty, and the portions were just perfect! I still don't want to finish my review, but it is a bit over due. So go! But don't bring your friends and hog up the tables like we did!
Best deal in town, great food, great price and overall experience.
Do get there 10-15 minutes before 5:00 p.m. to get a spot. (tables goes fast!) Do get there between 5:00-7:00 p.m. for a sweet $12 happy hour deal (6 oysters, 1 beer)! Do get the charcuterie plate. Do get the cheeseboard. Do try the fettuccine with clams. It was f**king mind blowing deliciousness! Don't pass this place up. You'll regret it.
Great place for oysters from all over the country. Oysters are fresh and perfectly shucked. Service is speedy. Happy hour is a great bargain at $12 for a draft beer and 6 oysters. Food is pretty good as well.
LOOOOVVVVEE!  The service was excellent and they were so helpful when we bothered them with the menu.  And the oysters!  I was hesitant when I first saw this place but quickly fell in love. Great serviceand great food.
If you like oysters, you need to drop what you're doing and head upstate. The happy hour is pretty awesome - just show up before 7PM any day (yes that includes weekends). Your $ goes a long way when $12 buys you 6 oysters on top of a craft beer. Unlike other happy hours, you have a selection of oysters to pick from (not just blue points), with knowledgable and friendly bar tenders and waiters to be your guide. The same can be said for the limited, but well crafted (pun intended) craft beer selection on tap. The oyster menu in contrast is far from limited - while not available for happy hour, their selection includes features from as far as New Zealand (I had a delicious Coromandel which was more than worth the $3 i dished out for it). Suffice to say that in spite of heading over there expecting to get a single round, we stayed for several. Upstate is really where its at.
My friends brought me to Upstate for my Birthday dinner and I had an amazing time. The service was great and the food was superb! The icing on the cake was the complimentary whiskey cake and the taste of wine to go along with it. The atmosphere is intimate and the noise level's just right. The manager walked around to each table introducing himself and giving you a bit of a background about the restaurant and the whiskey cake. How could I forget, I sampled some of the best oysters. They were fresh and full of flavor, my mouth's watering at the thought of it. If you're looking for a nice cozy place then Upstate's your spot. I'll definitely be going again and again and again!
Nice people, good food, great beer and very fair prices. Worth the wait for a table. Eat whatever your server recommends. Don't miss the kale and squid salad. It's pretty wonderful.
Great fresh seafood and craft beer! Excellent service. Came here for dinner with a friend and loved our meal (crab cakes, scallops...etc.). It's a small restaurant and very popular, so come early or expect to wait. We came on a Friday night around 7pm and waited for about an hour and a half for a table for two. Thankfully, we found a cute wine bar just a couple blocks away and hung out there until the hostess texted us that our table was ready. Due to the small space, this place is best for groups of 2. You could probably also come as a group of 4 without the wait being too crazy. If you're group is 4+, then you're prob better off coming on a quiet night or getting there really early. Definitely will be back!
Outstanding selection of fresh Oysters.  Wait staff & cooked food are very good.  I would give Upstate a 4-1/2 star rating if there was one.  The food & staff are no nonsense & straight forward, but playful.  Love the quaint, woody atmosphere. Chris our server was helpful & informative about the entire selection of Oysters & cooked menu.  Upstate is topping my list for Oysters.  The only negative, street parking.
this place is wonderful. such an amazing find. great atmostphere. great beer selection.  but the scallop special (with brown rice risotto) is to die for.
So yummy. So fresh! I came here on Sunday night with my mom and two other friends. Called ahead for the reservation but they don't take any reservation. My friend arrived earlier and put us on waiting list. It was an hour wait! We ordered oyster, cheese, shrimp, mussel, scallops and clam fettuccine.  Everything was so delicious!  Love this restaurant! For sure will come again probably during not busy weekday lunch time to avoid the wait :)
Great service, and delicious food!  What's not to love? Loved the oysters (love that they have West Coast oysters; I got to try one out, compliments of the waiter!).  The scallop special, and the pasta with clams, not to mention dessert, was delicious. My fiance and I agreed that this is the kind of service that every restuarant should have.
This place is okay if you're standing on the street and you're like "I'm in the mood for some oysters." And your friend goes "Oh, look over there. They sell oysters."  Score.  (There are better places to eat oysters, and seafood in general. Plus the ambiance is whatevs)
Great food, nice vibe. My wife and I went to Upstate on a Tues night around 7:30. There was a 60-90 minute wait. They have a small bar area but not much room for waiting so we walked around the neighborhood. It ended up being right at 90 minutes. It's a very small restaurant, maybe holds 35 people. It's a very cosy and comfortable restaurant, noisy in a good way. They have a small but interesting craft beer and wine selection. I had a very good Saison and my wife had a glass of wine. We had a variety of oysters for appetizer, which were fresh and excellent. My wife ordered the fettuccine with clams, which was very good with a large number of clams in the half shell. I had the scallop special, which was 4 large pan-seared scallops on a bed of squash and mushrooms. It was excellent. The service was friendly and efficient. The total bill as about $75, which was reasonable for the good quality. We'll definitely go back to Upstate next time we're in NYC.
great cornell wines, oysters, great service from older waitress
I can't stand places that have gotten so popular that they don't care anymore about customer service! Tried to call to check about bringing a stroller for my wife's 35th birthday dinner but no one answered. I just got a voicemail with some canned message that hung up on me. So I studied the deceptive pictures online which made it look big enough to accommodate a fairly small stroller. We showed up, wife went in, and explained that we were two adults with stroller - upon which the unsightly woman host said there was over an hour wait. We conferred outside and decided we'd put our name down and wait the hour. I go back and the same hostess changes her to response to "I don't have room for the stroller," and flat out turns us away.  As I looked around and saw empty tables that Sunday night and no line of people outside, I realized that she had originally lied to my (pregnant) wife.  How rude and unsophisticated--not to mention inhospitable!
Food is amazing.  I wish it wasn't always so crowded - that's the only downside.
Love this place, great food and great service! Seafood dishes are very flavorful!
Great happy hour. Awesome selection of east and west coast oysters. Got a seat at the bar right away but there were even two spots open at tables. Really friendly staff and bartender. I appreciated him asking at 6:58 if we wanted to place another order before HH ended. Definitely a good spot.
Upstate opened recently and has become well known for their Happy Hour special. I went to give the oysters and other menu items a whirl. I like trying out restaurants with several people and so I brought my PIC and two buddies. We ordered numerous happy hour specials, the crab cakes, scallops and the linguine with clams. The oysters available for happy hour were GREAT. Totally fresh, nicely shucked and introduced well by the server. We got 50 or something oysters. No joke. We ate them all. It was a bivalve massacre. On the way to the loo, I noticed why the oysters were so good. Upstate encases all of their oysters by type in crushed ice. Normally, restaurants have the oysters on top of their ice before serving them. The extra bit of cold helped tremendously. The crab cakes were okay. The crab meat was chopped a little to fine for my taste. However, I have never been much of a crab caker so take it for what it's worth. The scallops were excellent. They were like little sea marshmallows. Fluffy and browned on the outside, they were a wise addition. I looked forward to the linguine and clams dish. I found the dish average. The clams were succulent and the brine was perfect, however it was the flavor of the pasta that lacked "pop." It was okay to try once, but I won't be ordering it again. The service here is great. There is limited seating, but the host is very accommodating. We had a few late additions and instead of giving us a hard time, the host graciously waited until the table next to us was done and pushed two tables together for our larger-than-expected party. By the time we left, I was stuffed from consuming various sea creatures and drunk from all the craft beer. Twas' a good experience.
LOVE IT. I want so badly to be a regular here. Everyone who works here is just awesome, and I want to be their best friend. I'm not really sure how much more in depth I can go into this review other than stating that, the OYSTERS = AWESOME. SERVICE = SUPER FRIENDLY AND AWESOME. WHISKEY CAKE = COMES WITH YOUR CHECK AND OF COURSE, AWESOME. My one additional recommendation is to come earlier in the night, because certain kinds of oysters will sell out by the end of the night. I realize I should probably expand my vocabulary to other descriptive words other than awesome... but really. This place is awesome. .
Great little seafood place! I visited after reading other reviews and was not disappointed! We arrived early on a saturday (5pm) and the place was pretty empty, but by about 6pm every table was full. We got the happy hour special which was a great deal with super fresh oysters. Rather than getting an appetizer and an entree after, I chose to go with two entrees - the steamed clams (AMAZING) and the fettuccine with clams (also good). While the portions were on the small side (the steam clams were much more of an appetizer portion than an entree portion), at less than $20 each item, it was still worth every penny. Great place overall, can't wait to go back.
$12 = 6 oysters and a craft beer happy hour. Coming here is great way to start the evening. I would aim for mainly East Coast Oysters because I found them to be more fresh tasting and less "fishy". Their cocktail is really good too. I think any beer would good here because they really put into thought what beer they choose to have on tap that week. I promise that within their plethora of beer, there's a brew that will win your heart. This place is near perfection, I just wish they had a happy hour special that didn't include beer/wine. This little girl can only drink so much.
This place was so good, I had to make a Yelp account just to review it. Now, I've heard about this place before and wanted to bring my date here. At first, it was disappointing that the wait was about 45 minutes and place looked very small, clustered with a lot of people jammed table to table. But my date and I ended up waiting since we been wanting to come and try it out because the menu sounded really good and the happy hour was a plus and we really didn't want to go anywhere else. So we put our name and number and hanged out at another bar. When we got our text, we went and got seated next to the door, no biggie since it wasn't that cold outside. The waitress told us happy hour (6 oysters, 1 beer for $12) was still going since it was only 6:40-ish and explained to us/recommended us couple of beers that was on the menu. So we ordered total 12 oysters and 2 beers along with the rest of our plates. The beers came right away, but the oysters took slightly longer. When it came, wow, you can taste just how fresh the oysters were, only disappointment was that we should've gotten more. The three plates that we got was the following- Charcuterie plate, the House-cured Salmon and Scallops with risotto Now, usually my date and I talk about everything- where ever we are. So its usual that there's food around and we eat and chat, its our thing. This did not happen when our plates came- we did not talk as much, not that we couldnt, but because the food was so good, we both just wanted to savor each bite of the dishes we ordered, and we both gave each other that look of "WOW, this is amazing!". The meats on the Charcuterie plate- incredible, mixing and stacking them and when biting into them, it was so flavorful that I had to tone my taste-buds down with a sip of my beer just to get ready for the next bite. The House-cured Salmon wasn't something new, I've seen something similar to it, but when you put that special side sauce (I forgot the exact name), it keeps you wanting more and more. The Scallops with risotto, this dish was so simple, yet it filled your mouth with so much scrumptiousness that it made me appreciated all the ingredients that went with it ( the risotto had brown rice, mushrooms and squash and pan seared scallops on top).  I took each spoonful bite with a portion of the scallop (that I cut into four) and savor every bite. All I have to say was, not only does the food taste amazing, my experience as well as my date experience was treasured by this place. Definitely coming back.
truly excellent. as you must know by now if you've read any of the other reviews, Upstate has a terrific happy hour.  my bff and fellow shellfish lover took me here for a belated birthday celebration, and he stressed the importance of our getting there absolutely no later than 6pm because of how crowded it gets.  he also instructed me to try to grab seats at the bar if i got there before him, because the last time he was there, he sat at the bar and enjoyed being able to get recommendations from the bartender. so i left work a little early, arrived at 5:50pm, and there were only two seats remaining at the bar, which i immediately took.  the bartender gave me menus and, upon my inquiring about wine alternatives to beer (i'm not a beer drinker) i was pleased to find out that i could get wine instead of beer for just $3 extra ($15 for the 6 oysters + wine, rather than $12 for the 6 oysters + beer.  still a great deal.)  he also immediately gave me two suggestions on which wine i should order to pair well with the oysters.  once my friend arrived, we asked the bartender to simply give us a selection of oysters of his choosing, so he gave us 2 east coast varieties and 2 west coast varieties, 3 of each.  they were all delicious, incredibly fresh and each with very distinctive flavors, and his wine recommendation was also terrific.  we proceeded to have another round of oysters (letting him choose the selection again), followed by the fettuccine with clams -- absolutely delicious -- and then the shrimp heads, which were also really, really tasty.  we ended full and content, and the whiskey cake was a perfect sweet bite to finish off the meal. i will definitely be looking to make a return visit, even if it means i have to leave work early again.
HAPPY HOUR If you cutie search "seafood", "oyster happy hour", this is your top hits. This amazing little restaurant lives up to its rep in East Village. $12 for 6 oysters and a craft beer. They have a serious collection of craft beer for a little place. Compared to Mermaid Oyster Bar (West Village) whose HH has only 1 chef's choice oyster per coast, Upstate's HH has more choices. Compared to Fish, Upstate's HH is 5-7 PM, while Fish has its HH deal all day, but it only offers Blue Point oysters for their deal. I appreciate more choices and a nice beer. Upstate is a winner. REGULAR MENU Their menu changes frequently! Scallops Risotto, Lobster Bake are among my faves. The rice served under scallops is aromatic and juicy, while the scallops are fresh and perfectly cooked. Their recipes are ingenious. They do NOT take reservation. If you arrive between 6-7PM, you can be sure there is a wait. I waited 20 min first time. Tables are good for two persons to 4. My fave waiter there is Matty. He is a cool guy, explains menu very well, and offers good recommendation if you ask. No dessert menu, but guess what! A slice of whiskey cake at end of your lovely meal - complimentary :) I love Upstate has great seafood, wonderful service AND it's ever changing. Their menu is always slightly different than before, every time I visit. Keeps me excited for next time, and shows Upstate team is working hard to keep things fresh and interesting. Cheers!
I've been dining here for the last two years and I'm ashamed.  I'm ashamed for not writing a review for this fabulous spot in the East Village.  One of the owners, Shane, is everything a person could hope for in a bi-valve connoisseur.  Shane knows how to source the perfect texture and deep cupped oyster.  Although there are more East Coast than West Coast varieties, Shane often features the Shigoku on his oyster menu - a must have for those that like a clean meaty oyster with a light brine.  The oyster menu is separated into coast and starts with an oyster with less brine and ends with an oyster that's off the hook delicious (I love brine).  Besides the quality of oysters, the most important part of being served this delicacy is the delivery.  The shucker must cut the oyster from the bottom shell and check that the oyster does not contain any debris and shell bits.  I have never been served an oyster from upstate that contained any shell bits.   If raw is not your thing, the prepared food is extraordinarily affordable in terms quality for price.  I recommend everything on the menu and it features a spin on clams, scallops, and fish.  Most often, the dish comes with a veggie and carb to accompany the seafood.  The flagship dishes are the steamed clams (with or without noodle) and  scallops.  If you're a sea urchin lover, please visit January - February, the best time for consuming Uni. If seafood is not your thing, Upstate features a super delicious charcuterie plate. The plate comes with cured meats including warm sliced sausage, bread, pickled onions, and mustard.  The plate is large enough to be a meal and the perfect accompaniment to any of their craft brews. I don't like waiting for delicious food, so if you would like to try this restaurant, I recommend leaving work early to get to the restaurant at 5PM and bring no more than 3 other people.  If you can dine later in the evening, your best chance for a table is at 9PM.  Don't forget, rain and snow are the best times to patron restaurants that do not normally take reservations. I hope you enjoy this place as much as I do!
$12 for half a dozen oysters (of your choosing) and craft beer for happy hour special. amazing. i am in love. as long as i can get there before 7pm.
This place is well worth another visit.   The meal started off with our wonderful, charismatic server helping us decide on which beers to order by giving us tastes of the ones we were interested in.  After choosing the beverage we went right into the oysters, telling her how many we wanted and our flavor preferences, she chose the ones she thought we'd enjoy the most and they were delightful. We then ordered the cured salmon, which was so good we ordered a second round.  We had a cheese plate, with lovely fresh cheese or varying types and a charcuterie plate. When the bill came we were surprised it wasn't more expensive.  For the price, along with the superb service, delicious food and tasty beer, we will be going back for another meal soon.
Tiny little place that packs a big punch. Great selection of  oysters and beer. Crab cakes fresh made from  lump crabmeat were moist and the habanero honey glaze was delish.  Service was great.  Our new favorite spot.
Went here with my friend from out of town, she wanted a good seafood place and I found Upstate on yelp actually. It was beyond 5 stars. Not only was the seafood incredibly fresh and great tasting, the service was beyond anything I would ever expect. First off, we got a table by the door (this place is small), and I asked the waitress if we could get a different table because it was cold outside and we had on skirts/tights, she was very understanding and moved us to a farther in table as soon as she could (keep in mind it was crowded on a Sat. night), after she takes our orders the bartender comes over and hands us 2 complimentary glasses of red wine because we had to wait to change seats. We thank him and smile. We get our food, everything is AMAZING. Scallops are my favorite! Clam pasta is great too. For dessert they bring us some funky beer that was like nothing I've ever tasted (I dont drink a lot of beer so I dont know how to describe it), again complimentary!!! I dont know if they always do that but it was great. Also they gave us a cute little piece of cake that was a nice end to the perfect meal. Best meal I've had in months and the best service I've ever experienced in NYC dining.
This was an amazing experience. Started with some east and west oyster recommendations from Chris (Kris?) which were superb. Then tried the swordfish ceviche, cured salmon, and kale an squid salad. Holy cow was I pleased! Out of these three, the ceviche was my favorite- mild coconut, tangy lime and a little chili made it absolutely perfect. I could eat about six! The cured salmon was silky and nicely paired with brown mustard, onions and capers, while the kale was topped with a sweet, soy-like dressing and tender grilled squid. For my entree, I had the seared halibut with a lemon butter sauce, asparagus, Brussels sprouts, and fingerling potatoes. You might think that after all those starters I'd run out of room, but I polished it off immediately. Impeccable preparation and presentation. While I love to see a good dessert menu, I was really pleasantly surprised to see that everyone gets a slice of their moist whiskey cake for dessert. Never would have chosen it, but it was a great cap to a fabulous meal.
This place is a small, local style seafood place with great prices and great service. They have an extensive selection of local oysters from long island and had over twenty different kinds. They have a simple but excellent menu. It is not overly complicated yet everything was delicious, the skate, clam pasta, and mussel clam steamed. They waiter gave us a sample of shiraz. It was great. The mermaid pilser was the best pilsner ive ever had and i dont even like beer. Free whiskey pound cake..all this only came out to $50 per person. I will def go back and highly recommend this place.
It pains me to write a "meh" review for Upstate. I really hope it was just an off-night for them. My friend and I arrived around 7:30pm on a Tuesday night for dinner. The place was packed which is always a good sign. They told us it would be a 30 min wait and would text us when our table was ready. The text never came so when we went back to check on our table in 50 mins the bartender apologized and gave us 2 beers to sample while they cleaned up a table that was leaving. Our waitress was super nice, she gave her recommendations and we ordered: - Kumamoto Oysters/Little Necks to start - Salmon Tartare - Ceviche - Scallop Rissotto - Beer steamed mussels The food was good maybe ok. My dislike was the rissotto was not friendly, I know that sounds silly but it was more than al dente, there was bite to it. This was a bit firmer than undercooked rice which was really disappointing. I also learned that I don't like mussels in beer, steamed in wine is definitely better! The beer flavor was overwhelming and not pleasant to dipping bread, might as well have been drinking the beer at tap. But maybe it's meant to be that bold and strong, I just know that it took away from the mussels. Whenever the sauce overpowers seafood I tend to wonder if they are trying to hide the not so fresh seafood perhaps? The rest of the dishes were good, I just had higher expectations. I will say service I would give them a 4 stars, that's a lot coming from me because I usually could care less about the service and ambience and really just want to highlight the food but sadly the food could not hold it's own. Maybe I'll give it another try another time.
I divide the world into two camps; there are people that love oysters and then there are philistines.  For the intelligent people that I call my peers, I offer for your review Upstate, one of the finest oyster-themed restaurant in town.  Shane and his crew of passionate employees have created something special in the East Village.  The familial atmosphere attracts a strong local crowd while it's reputation for providing some of the finest food and an awesome craft beer selection draws foodies from all over. I've been going to Upstate for a few months and every time I go, whoever is working the restaurant or bar remembers my name.  The staff are all well-versed with the ever changing list of oysters and beers and will even recommend items that are "off menu."  Dope! In addition to a quality oyster selection, they have a seafood menu that is also worth exploring!  No one-trick pony here!  The menu will shift on occasion to accommodate what is fresh/seasonal, which I appreciate.     The venue is small, but lends itself to a cozy night out with the significant other.  The atmosphere is casual and unpretentious.  The staff is knowledgeable and gregarious.  As I mentioned before, there are a lot of regulars, so if it's your first time, don't be surprised if you find yourself a new friend in either the staff or any of your neighbors at the bar.  And nothing beats the complimentary whiskey cake given after your meal.  A perfect cap to the meal. I'm almost a little hesitant to write this review as I don't want the Pearl of the East Village (see what I just did there?) to get too popular, but if I could, I would give this place six stars.  Keep up the good work Upstate!
I love seafood. There; I said it. I love it so much that when I saw a note in NY Mag's Grub Street about Upstate, I made a mental note. Luckily, I have a friend who also saw that NY Mag piece and it was a date. First try: Sunday for brunch. Oops, they were closed. Second time: midweek happy hour + dinner. Spot on. Arrived a few minutes late to meet my friend, and was greeted by the cheese plate and cold beer that she ordered. Great start. Next up: I ordered a dozen oysters to split. Six of one PEI variety and 6 west coast that I didn't recognize - but was not disappointed. Both types of oysters were fresh, plump, and briny (west coast more than east coast). We decided that we were still hungry and were both debating between the linguine with clams and mussels. We ordered one of each and it was a perfect pairing. Linguine was a bit heavy but delish. Mussels were exactly as expected. I wanted to sop up the broth in the bottom of the bowl. Piece de resistance (horrible spelling I'm sure): we received a slice each of the owner's wife's special Whiskey Cake, gratis. Holy crap - they need to keep that on the menu permanently. Kim was our server and she was wonderful - told us about how the restaurant staff was pulled together from a group of former coworkers, and about what was happening in the neighborhood. I can't wait to come back for more. (And hopefully there will be brunch soon!)
Excellent service. Fine food. Highly recommended.
Maybe my expectations were too high.. The wait wasn't too long and the hostess/server was super nice. The oysters were good but it was only served with cocktail sauce, no mignonette. The beers were great, I especially like my summer ale that had a hint of dried flowers. As for the food, the octopus salad was just okay. Nothing mind blowing. The clam pasta was garlic city. Maybe even garlic country, and it was good but very one dimensional. My boyfriend got the fish and that was decent as well. Atmosphere is cute and the service was great, just didn't think the food was as awesome as everyone claimed.
A few years ago, I had a fantasy of taking a vacation in the wintertime on Nantucket Island. I was going to take a copy of Moby Dick, a fisherman's sweater, go for long walks and eat a lot of clam chowder... Anyway, I was reminded of that vacation idea when I ordered the bouilabasse here. This would have been the perfect meal for a cold winter evening -- nourishing, restorative and very tasty. At any rate, it was still an excellent meal for a warm-ish fall evening, when I was here. It had all the fish suspects you want to see in bouilabasse: clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp, a piece of salmon. The shrimps were huge! Monsters! They made me think of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. They were that big. And everything was fresh. It might have been a little too salty, but I wouldn't turn it down next time, for that reason. The beer selection was varied, free samples were offered and my server was very gracious and attentive. The menu is small (linguine with clams, I think, a squid salad...) but everything was tempting. It's great to visit new restaurants (this one just opened in July). The staff go out-of-their-way to be friendly and helpful when a place is new. Hopefully, they'll keep this up as they go along and not get jaded. They have a respectable selection of raw oysters (both East and West Coast); I didn't try them this time, but they would be a good excuse to stop by again, soon.
Fantastic place! Fresh oyster with special brewed beer. Sea food of superb quality and at a reasonable price.
FRESH & delicious seafood! And REALLY nice host (gentleman with glasses) who stands by the door! I didn't get his name, but man, he was the NICEST host I've ever encountered at a NYC restaurant. Whatever you do, KEEP HIM! The entire is seafood-oriented, so if you're not down with seafood, I wouldn't recommend this place. My friends and I waited for over an hour to get a table for four, but it was worth it. We also missed the happy hour specials, but I'd love to come back for it soon. I ordered the halibut and it was crisp and flavorful, very impressed. The server gave us a complimentary slice of their famous whiskey cake.. it was delicious and much appreciated!
Oysters for happy hour? Yes, please! And unlike other restaurants, this happy hour is 7 days/week. All the oysters were so fresh, and the west coast ones were especially meaty. I had the agave wheat beer; light and sweet, perfect for me! Also had the seared scallop special - a bit on the small side, but very good nonetheless. Bonus points for the complimentary, and utterly delicious, whiskey cake at the end! Just one gripe: this place should decide if it's going to be a rowdy bar with loads of people standing around drinking, or a sit-down restaurant with great seafood. Maybe I just came on an off-night - there were drinkers and their butts hovering over people trying to enjoy their meals, and one guy screaming "F---ing oysters! F---ing oysters!"
I went here few months ago.  The service was really good and they have a nice selection of beers.  Me and my girlfriend tried different oysters from the east and the west coast and they were all fantastic.  If you're an oyster lover this is the place I would recommend.
Decor: 4/5 -Come during happy hours and you won't have a problem getting a table Service: 4/5 -very friendly and prompt service Food: 4/5 -6 oysters and a beer for $12 -Rocky Nook, MA and Ram Island, CT were the best. Better than the West coast: Hammerclay Inlet Hood Canal & Calm Cove, British Columbia. -The east coast were clean, crisp and brimy without the fishy aftertaste -The west coast were more creamy but left a fishy aftertaste -Excelsior Sauvignon Blanc from South Africa was definitely fresh and delicate. Not as light and crisp as I had expected
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) Very friendly staff, and accommodating (we came at peak time 6:00 PM on a Saturday, and they had a 1 hour and a half wait...so the host offered to put our names down and text us if anything freed up sooner; in 40 min we were seated and we killed the time with a few drinks a pub down the street) 2) Some of the dishes were delicious and absolute knock-outs! i.e. Squid salad, Scallops and Avocado Salmon Tar Tar 3) Cozy enviroment, and very fresh lobsters (with a lot of variety) Cons: 1) It's a hit or miss...half of the dishes were either too salty, lacked flavor and too heavy with butter or cheese...while others were very light, refreshing and appetizing 2) We were a table of 4 and ended up having a 2 and a half hour meal....not because we ate slowly (in fact every dish that arrived we finished in 3-5 minutes..no joke) but because they took their jolly time bringing the food...I think they attempted to bring some dishes together (which ended up cold...and nothing is as rank as a cold "baked" lobster or luke-warm scallop) and other times they just randomly brought dishes that were made....poor execution to say the least 3) The place is so cramped and small...definitely no fun sitting next to or even across the door during the winter when every 15 minutes someone is opening it to let 30 F drafts blow in 4) Also a bit pricey I'd say more like a 2.5 $'s...especially if you opt for the oysters or lobster ...sadly I had to dock 2 stars because of the 50/50 chance of either great dishes or absolutely terrible dishes, and the poor execution of dishes in terms of service Order of the Night: 16 Oysters, Squid salad, Salmon Tar Tar, Clam Fetuccini, Scallops, Baked Lobster, + complimentary whiskey-soaked pound cake
I love this place. The oysters are fresh, often local and always interesting (last night we tried wild oysters from Long Island), and the staff is warm and friendly. We have been here several times and always feel completely welcome, with individual attention. The entrees are delicious too--we had steamed clams that were juicy and tender--and the beers matched well with the food. The whisky cake is a nice touch at the end to counterbalance the seafood.
Solid seafood place. Upstate's been on my list for a while, but it's pretty close to Caracas, which usually wins the dinner pick. We decided to check out Upstate last week for dinner on a weeknight. No wait at the bar -- we ordered the fettuccine and the bouillabaisse. Fettuccine is VERY garlicky, but it's a good dish with hearty portions and a generous helping of clams. I liked the bouillabaisse more. It's lighter than other versions I've had in the city. So light you don't even need the side of bread they give you. Lots of clams, scallops, and fish. I made the mistake of ASKING for the special whiskey cake. Apparently, it's on a "don't ask and you shall receive" basis. But they gave some to us anyway. Two thin slices of the best and only whiskey cake I've ever had. I'd come back for it alone. Verdict: Will probably still pick Caracas over Upstate, but Upstate's a good option to have.
Simply put, this place is the best. Upstate is, hands down, the go-to place for me and my girlfriend for seafood. The food and service are each outstanding, and you couldn't find a more attentive staff that sincerely wants its customers to enjoy their dining experience. We tend to visit on weekend evenings when there's a wait, but we pass the time by going around the corner to a nearby watering hole. The last couple of times, we just grabbed a drink at the bar where seats opened up quickly and we decided to dine there. That's fun too because you can chat with the owner, the friendly staff and, if lucky, enjoy a beer tasting of what's new on tap. The seasonal selection of craft beers has something for every beer lover and the Pinotage is a fantastic red wine selection.   We've visited so many times that I think we've had everything on the menu. For starters, the oysters can't be missed. There are plenty to choose from on either coast, but we order the sweeter, west coast oysters. For apps, we love the salmon tartar, the scallops, and squid salad. We haven't tried the cheese or charcuterie plates, but will do so in the near future. Upstate was recently identified by Village Voice as one of NYC's 10 best oyster bars but I think they need to be recognized as one of the best seafood establishments as well. The fish special, seafood bouillabaisse, fettuccine with clams, lobster bake and shrimp special have all been amazing. To wrap things up, the free slices of whiskey cake is the icing on top. The owner's wife bakes it and it's wonderful beyond words. I'd offer to eat the crumbs from the cake stand if it were socially acceptable. Time and time again, Upstate serves consistently wonderful food and we've never been disappointed. All at an amazing value! See you soon, Upstate!
Loved Upstate. I met a friend her tonight for drinks, oysters and appetizers. Our waitress was super accommodating and friendly. She had great suggestions about wine, as well as their oyster/beer special. We wanted to catch up, and definitely didn't feel rushed though there was a crowd of people waiting at the door. Will definitely be back for more oysters and to try the other items on the menu. It's so nice to feel like you are going out, and getting beyond what you pay for. Loved it!
Very nice place; happy with every part of our meal and the service.  The clams and oysters were first rate.  The octopus was done almost perfectly.  Recommended.
My, do these guys know how to take care of their patrons...let me break down the stars for you: 1 - beer samplers while waiting (quite a while) for a table 2 - Sly Fox Christmas ale, you complete me 3 -  fresh & delicious oysters 4 - THE perfect bowl of fettuccine w/ clams (80% garlic?) Could this place get any better? YUP! 5 - "earning" that whiskey cake and 2 glasses of champagne A reservation system would be nice, but I wouldn't mind binging on that xmas ale at the bar anytime. Oh yea, and brownie points for the music selection...see you soon, Upstate.
Great seafood and good staff. Great selection of oysters. Compared to other seafood places the price of food is cheap
Happy hour 5-7: half dozen oysters and a craft beer $12 Came here just for their happy hour for a little snack before dinner. They have three different types of oysters for their happy hour menu and each were delicious! In addition, they have awesome craft beers on the list as well as gluten-free beers and ciders! A must try!
Best seafood in NYC. Small place...so think skinny and tuck your elbows! Scallops are number 2 on my list, you gotta try clam fettuccine first!
amazing oyster selection. scallops were divine. only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because I personally wasn't a huge fan of their beer list.
This place is great! It is a no reservation place so it will take a good few minutes to seat, But it was worth it! The atmosphere and coziness of it make it perfect for couples. The beer selection was awesome starting with the Scotch Ale! And the oyster selection was perfect!
Great fresh seafood and beer, friendly staff and owner!
Excellent Food! Excellent Time! My buddy comes about once a week and now has the owner's phone number.  I had to see for myself, and it did not disappoint. The oysters were fantastic, the swordfish ceviche was well done, and the fettuccine with clams was out of this world.  Top it off with a craft beer and some free whiskey pound cake (despite my mother's is still the best, very impressive), and you've got yourself truly a meal to remember. Just go!!!
Okay, I confess that I'm not very knowledgeable about upstate New York other than that it exists. However, if this restaurant is any indication of what they do up there for food, I've got to start paying more attention to our kin up north. We stopped in this past Saturday and waited about 35 minutes for a table (head on over to the Coal Yard across the street for a cheap beer during your wait). Once we were seated, we got down to business, ordering a selection of 5 different east and west coast oysters (all recommendations of the waiter since we had no idea what to choose), house-cured salmon, the cheese plate, and craft beers. I went for the Worker's Comp Saison, my boyfriend had an IPA, and my friend tried some incredible, smoky concoction that tasted somewhat like bacon. All brews were wonderful, and paired well with the incredible, fresh, delicious oysters. I was also in love with the salmon plate (so fresh) and the whiskey cake brought out for free at the end, which we totally weren't expecting. The only dish that didn't totally blow us away was the cheese plate. The cheeses were mostly mild, and, while they were tasty, we were all hoping for something a little sharper. Still, I'm totally into Upstate.
i came in Mid December. i wanted oysters so i yelped some spots and choose this one due to the location. once i arrived i was like "wow this place is small" but the hostess was friendly and told us there is a 5-10 minute wait only. and told us to give down our number then she will text us to come back. (we went to the dunkin donut to grab coffee) thinking it will be more then 10 minutes. but nope we were wrong! she text-ed us and we got our two stool seated table on the right side. it was very cozy and the staffs were super nice, especially our waiter. they were giving out on the house shots!! it was a nice touch to give things out to the customers. he also helped us randomly ordered us half of dozen of oysters that he recommended because there was just so many to choose from (he didn't choose the most expensive ones) 4 out of the 6 where my taste. but all 6 were good. (we passed the happy hour special so it was the menu price per oyster) We ordered 2 appetizers, crab cake and salmon tartare that came with bread. the salmon was fresh and Delicious! Last was our entrees. my friend ordered a shrimp with rice. and her shrimp were JUMBO fresh and juicy. the rice on the other hand weren't all that. i ordered a Fettuccine With Clams. my clams were good. i ate them all but sadly my fettuccine was on the hard side. i believe that they didn't cook it long enough. When the waiter came back and saw that i didn't eat the fettuccine he asked if i wanted to take it to go, i commented "no it's okay, they were too hard" next thing you know he put my order on the house! I didn't think companies still do that because i didn't ask for it.  Customer Service and their Seafood is very good here which is why i have gave them a 5 star review. i will be coming back here for their seafood!
After writing this review, it occurred to me it was a night of "threes". The three of us that dined here frequently eat at places around the city together & this was definitely a crowd favorite. We started with wine (white) & a trio of appetizers- salmon tartar, squid, & crab cakes- everything was delicious. We then ordered 3 entrees- bouillabaisse, lobster bake, & fettuccine clams- again, everything was divine. I am usually not one for hash, in fact, I hate corn & potatoes, but this time it was SO PERFECTLY seasoned, I found myself going back for a few helpings. The bouillabaisse broth was light & flavorful & the fettuccine added a saltiness to the meal that perfectly complemented all the flavors. And then, and then, the whiskey cake. We thought we could purchase this delicacy & ate every bite without a thought. Did I mention we drank three bottles of different white wine throughout the night? And then were treated with a flute of blueberry bubbly? Yea, this place is totally worth the 5 stars.
Ahhh! The oysters were delicious and made me love oysters when I'd previously been so-so on them (we got 4 different kinds, 2 each from each coast, kumamoto, chesapeake bay, and not sure about the others since we just left it to the kind selections of the chef/waiters). Service was super friendly, and the food surprisingly really good. Crabcakes were not Maryland-style and bursting with lump crab, but definitely one of the best interpretations I've had (never had curiously sweet ones before, but it works!), the seared scallops were amazing, and the fettucine with clams even more so. I found that my beer-steamed mussels were a little flavorless, and the broth probably could have used a little more butter or garlic or some sort of seasoning, but the mussels were fresh and sweet-tasting, and grit-free. They text you about the wait times once you put your name down, which is awesome, and the beers are great too. And the whiskey cake, om nom nom. If only the slices were a little bit thicker, since ours were paper thin, but hey, complimentary cake, can't say no to that! Probably one of my favorite places in New York that I've found so far, relatively chill, good food, good drinks, and a good price.
After about an hour wait on Saturday evening for dinner, with a date that who was not in the mood for seafood, I was anxious about the experience to come.  Luckily, I had a good feeling about Upstate that came to fruition.  After my first hoppy IPA and kale, squid salad I was sold but it was even better when my date was blown away his tuna tartare.  The whiskey cake was just a plus on top of everything else. I'm defiantly coming back for the oyster happy hour!
once again, I find myself (with 5 others) at this hidden gem...well, I don't think it's no longer hidden according to my friends, photos, and Facebook! for some reason, each time I return, I multiply!  the owner, Shane welcomes us back, like if I were just there yesterday. I was in search for the 21st Amendment Draft, instead - Shane hits me up with this awesome beer sampler! he got us hooked on the new flavors he brought in! my new favorite is the Maple Port, next to the Dark Coffee Beer. I'm starting to think, I have my dedicated table of 6 in the corner by the bar (by the bar....which is bad! in a good way!!) we were seated, person by person, only because I roll in with a colony...(thanks Shane!) as we settled in, Shane surprised us with a complimentary cheese plate, while still waiting for our other 3 guests... when the 6 were a total, mayhem on the menu it was! we all studied the menu well, as Shane knew the variety of oysters I wanted. all he needed to know, was "how many?" when the diverse set of oysters arrived at the table, my friends were enlightened by the different flavors each on represented.. then came the food.... as the waitresses served each guest their plate, there was nothing but, "ooooh"s and "ahhhh"s... everyone simply took their time and enjoyed a well complimented dinner/drinks, in a small yet cozy atmosphere... an hour has passed, as I wondered the neighbourhood for desserts at Veniero's... as we walked back to the car, someone called out my name... it turns out to be an old friend. ironically, he asked me, "where's Upstate? I got hungry looking at your pictures on Facebook!!" I walked him in to Upstate, and the bartender looks at me funny. I told her I was hungry again!!
Biggest friggin oysters I have ever seen. Of the 4 options on today's happy hour, two of them (both Long Island) were about the size of my palm. Also had the pasta with clams, lots of garlic, lots of flavor. First time, will be back. Wait was about a half hour at 6 PM on a weekday. Its small.
The scallop dish was excellent. The oysters were fresh, and the owner (who was bar tending) was able to explain each oyster option to us. Very interesting! Great beers, as well. Can't say enough good things about this place. I'll be returning as much as possible!
Great happy hour special every night between 5 and 7pm. Half dozen of any oysters and any beer on their menu for $12. Highly recommend this place!
I must first start by apologizing to the owner(s), my stomach, those friends who I dine with, and even my wallet.  Each of these have been missing out.  The owner(s) have been missing out on my patronage as a neighbor. Though, I will say they arent hurting for patronage (nor should they this place is great).  My stomach deserves this place. The squid salad was fresh, light and utterly divine.  The crab cakes, flaky and delicious.  I want to further apologize to my friends for coming to visit me down in the East Village, forever asking me for the "new hot spots" and I dont take them here...I've pretty much been lying to them all, without even knowing it.  Sorry friends.  I will make it up to you all.  Finally, the wallet must understand that I didnt know amazing food would be this affordable and worth it.   Everyone else is right. This place, is right on.
Best seafood I've had in the city. The staff was incredible, dropping of beer samples to try with both dinner and dessert. And the happy hour oyster special shouldn't be missed.
Food, Alcohol Selection, and Service is Very Good.  I will be back
Awesome place! Great vibe, great beer and great food. Had the crab cakes  which were served with micro greens tossed in habanero honey loved the flavor combo! And a crab cake with more crab than cake is always a winner. They don't take reservations but they do have a wait list so call ahead to see what the wait is like. (Sorry to the hostess I got sassy with) great spot I would definitely recommend
This is my second time at upstate. Came with a friend and I have to say that it was once again a very great experience. Oysters were so delicious, fresh, tasty. YUM. The clam chowder was very very good. The ZA wine was very good. Music and atmoshpere are just so perfect. On top of this and what makes this place one of my favorite restaurant in this city is it has an absolutely amazing/perfect/outstanding/incredible service ( with Joseph Leonard in the WV, one of the best I've had in NY) Our waitress was just all of the above, She knew everything about the oysters, she was nice, smiling, funny, extremely professional. Like the waitress you dream of having every time you go for dinner. When I move to the East village, you will become my dinning room !!! :)
New favorite place! We came across Upstate after being turned away by ridiculous waits at Mermaid Inn, and I'm so glad we did. The seafood was fresh and delicious, they had a great selection of craft beers (plus you can choose the beer your mussels are steamed in), and gave us free amazing whiskey cake at the end of the meal. Lovely ambience that was transporting, really. And the service was friendly and excellent. Will be back soon!
Beautiful authentic seafood restaurant, I really enjoyed the stay. Came here with my boyfriend for a whole new experience. When we arrived, we sat on the table for two and ate like there were four of us. First of all, the staff was really kind and nice, I kinda expected that since the place itself was breathing positive. The waiter approached us with a smile and instantly gave us a reason to be happy, I just know we were in good hands. He recommended the oysters, as the happy hour thing was on. We ordered the oysters for the happy hour, and split the trout. It was so delicious, we wanted to order some more. x) Ordered another portion of the oysters, this time the oysters and beer, and I simply couldn't believe how GOOD we ate. They prepare their food so nicely and you can see they treat their ingredients with love. The atmosphere is really cool, it's cozy and nice. Couldn't ask for more there, honestly. The stay was just amazing and I'm sure we'll visit again. Thank you, Upstate, for this wonderful experience. :)
Friendly staff. Affordable drinks and oysters. What's not to like?
Love this little hidden gem!  I have been twice for dinner and can safely say I am a fan.  This place is very, very small so it is good to go on off times b/c the seating is limited.  I can not rave enough about the staff who have been some of the nicest people I have ever met in my 17 years in NYC.  The oysters are good and the waitstaff make great recommendations based upon your preferences.  They offer wine and Craftsmen beers that have been good (only complaint is the beer could be a bit colder).   They have a limited menu - I ordered their main dishes of the day which change.  The first time was a lobster salad that was out of this world delicious - refreshing, tasty - perfect balance between lobster and vegetables.   The second time I had seared scallops which were perfectly cooked and tasty and also a delicous soft shell crab dish that was well-seasoned, fresh and delightful.  It is priced right and will definitely be back.
Portions are on the smaller side but for someone watching their weight this was great because the quality of the food was just amazing. Went here twice and I always look forward to the whiskey cake at the end of the meal, which is delicious.
Aboundant choics of beers and oysters. Resonable price but long line of waiting. Go earlier to beat the crowd. Fabu memories in last summer.
Why aren't you there already?  You're wasting your time reading when you could be eating and drinking in one of my favorite restaurants in the entire city.  I do not say that lightly. FOOD: Oysters are super duper fresh, and they change on a daily basis.  They do a very good shucking job and offer the usual accompanying condiments.  They are also able to tell you pretty much anything you want to know about the oysters (e.g., flavor, texture), and the way you order them is by marking off items on a little slip of paper with the names of the oysters on them.  They will let you keep the paper if you want, which I often do, so I can remember which ones I've tried!  I love that.  They also have some cooked seafood, which is very, very good.  I've tried nearly everything they have and was never disappointed.  Once they had a shrimp special that was shockingly good--literally the best shrimp I've ever had.  I believe this magic moment occurred not only because they are great seafood preparers (simple, unpretentious recipes that show off the fish's natural flavors), but because their fish is so fresh.  I think they get them from a nearby farmer's market every day... not sure anything is ever frozen, which is always a great start, especially for fish.  If you're extra nice to them they will sometimes give you whiskey cake (for free).  Trust me.  You want this cake, and you can't order it. DRINK: I've had a few wines here, always delighted.  Especially their riesling by the glass.  Their draft beers are always fantastic, so you should always ask what they have.  It seems to rotate fairly often. AMBIANCE:  Laid back, dimly lit, friendly.  Sometimes a little loud because they are so awesome and people are quickly learning about this place, so it's becoming popular.  But this hasn't changed the exceptional service one iota.  They are friendly and quick. If you're a seafood person, you really have to check out Upstate.  Go!
Deeeeelicious seafood! Worth the long wait that often gathers during happy hour and dinner times. They have a wide variety of oysters that come in fresh every day, and have a great hh deal. Fresh clam linguini was great, with al dente pasta and a light sauce, and it was chock full of fresh juicy clams! Friend got the bouillabaisse and I was a little wary per reviews that they weren't exactly generous with seafood, but we had no problem with that! She was still picking through her seafood after I had finished my pasta! Great place, get there early if you can!
I am in LOVE with this place!!! What other restaurant has such an amazing happy hour ($12 for 6 oysters of your choice and a craft beer) even on weekends!?! I can never make the 5-7 during the week so it's perfect that it's offered every night. THANK YOU UPSTATE! The oysters were very fresh, and there's a nice selection of east and west coast. I usually stick to east coast. The fettuccine with clams is to die for! This dish had the perfect blend of white wine, garlic, butter, breadcrumbs, and parmesan cheese over the noodles. The litteneck clams were plump and sweet. Just when you think things couldn't possibly be more perfect, there's a complimentary whiskey cake to end the night. Can't wait to relive this lazy Sunday evening again and again!
It's all good!  Four of us met at Upstate last Sunday night, they don't take reservations, but just after 7 pm with a few minutes wait we managed to nab a table and commence an evening of pure seafood bliss.  Service was excellent from the moment we reached the door, not having to wait an hour while an empty table was being reset or cleared helped.   Starting with some West and  East coast oysters we all discovered our preference for the latter, the waitress recommended several of her faves which we all agreed were at the top of our list too.  I had the sword fish main knowing it's not one of my favorite fishes to consume because of it's heavier texture but found my meal to be extremely tasty and satisfying, I probably wouldn't get the swordfish again but that's just personal preference and nothing to do with the meal I had, which was delicious regardless of fish choice. My friends were pleased with the beer selection and I stuck to wine.  My hubby had the seafood stew which he loved (not quite as good as Aquagrill he confessed) but definitely up there and very close.  Upstate has a small menu but everything on it's well cooked and maintained at a high level of consistency.  I'd like to return to sample more oysters and try something else off their menu.   I don't think you can go wrong  with this place if you enjoy seafood.
WOW. I think this is probably my favorite restaurant in all of NYC. I have now been twice and literally cannot think of one bad thing to say about this place. The oysters are outrageously good and everyone who works at the restaurant is incredibly knowledgeable about them. I don't know enough about oysters to decide for myself and both times I've been the waiter has been able to pick out a great variety for us to try. I've also had the fettuccine with clams that everyone raves about and even though I'm allergic to clams I can't get enough. It's not full of liquid like pasta with clam sauce usually is and it makes it so much better. I asked Shane (the owner) about it and he says it's because the clams are wild as opposed to being farm raised. The uni dish (uni, raw egg, butternut squash puree, salmon roe, pickled (i think) onions...not sure if there is anything else) is the most innovative and different thing I've ever eaten maybe. I've only recently become a fan of uni at all but this dish made me a total believer. It is an absolute must get. Squid salad with kale was awesome. The beers are amazing and changing all the time. Everyone who works there is also amazing. The last time I was there was 14-15 months ago and Shane remembered us and where we sat the last time. The food alone would make us repeat customers, but the staff is also A+!
Just made it towards the end of HH on a Saturday night... pretty busy but found a table for two right away.   First time here and I have got to say we are definitely fans and will definitely be going back. I always love a simple menu, fresh seafood and some yummy craft beer! Ordered 12 oysters that were on the HH menu and some extra kumamotos, crab cakes, salmon tartar and the clam linguine with some obtoberfest brews to wash it all down. Dinner was perfect ~ perfect portions, helpful service and warm and cozy atmosphere. Will be back!!  Thanks for the grub :]
This is a great place with great staff, food and beer. Love their fettuccine with clams although I rather have it cooked just right instead of al dente. Whiskey cake is delicious. Service is impeccable, they really know how to take care of their customers. As we sat by the bar waiting for seats, they offered us sampler beers to try. I definitely recommend this place and will be coming back!
This is a great place, small but great! I actually hate oysters on the half shell but this place has changed my mind for sure especially because they are super fresh! The bartenders are always friendly and keep you going with good conversation. They have a great selection on wines and their own craft beers. I think the best part is the Whiskey Cake, oh the whiskey cake!!
DELICIOUS! This was hands down one of the greatest dining experiences I've had in New York in some time. And I've been going to a lot of "fancy/must go" places lately, so that's saying something. The space is small, but definitely intimate and not cramped. Decor is subtle, lighting is perfect, and it's just the right noise level since there didn't seem to be a table in the place larger than a 4-top. The food was absolutely delicious. My date and I both lover oysters, but found ourselves a little overwhelmed when presented with the laundry list of oyster choices for the evening. But we were silly to fret, as our server kindly and excitedly helped us choose a small smorgasbord of shell fish that varied in taste, texture, origin, and size. What a fantastic experience! After splitting those, I ordered the beer steamed mussels for an entree, and my date ordered the fettuccine with clams. The mussels were SO meaty and perfectly seasoned. Only ONE remained closed on the bottom of the endless pot (which I devoured anyway since they were so delicious). I didn't try the fettuccine, but my date did make me smell it (yes, smell it) because it was one of the incredible-smelling entrees he'd ever received. Yes, it was really that good. Garlic, clams, parmesan...food orgasm. Only minus that must be mentioned is it did take a while for the food to come out. But it was so good once we got it, we quickly forgot the wait. The beer selection was also fantastic. We sampled 3 different kinds between the two of us and were not once disappointed. That alone would be enough to make this a stand-out spot for me, which is why I was absolutely blown away by the service. From the second we walked in to the second we left, we were referred to by name as though we were regulars and our server had known us for years. The laid back, familiar style of service at Upstate made me feel more than welcome. In my eight years dining out in this city, I have never experienced anything else quite like it.
I'm one of those yelpers who always reads, but never writes reviews. Upstate is so amazing I had to write something. I was in NYC for work and found this place because it's one of the only spots in the East Village w/ 4.5 stars, and it's so deserved. The whole premise of Craft Beer & Oysters speakers to my heart, and from the first sip of beer I was not let down. I didn't know any of the brews on tap ( being from the West Coast), but there wasn't one I wouldn't try again. Pair it up with a random selection of oysters (chooses by the owner) and we were in heaven w/o even getting to the 2nd course (scallop ceviche). From there we moved on to the scallop ceviche. Some of the group thought it was a little too spicy, but I just don't think their palate was refined enough to appreciate it. I had the scallop risotto for my meal, and it was such an amazing meal my mouth is still watering thinking about it. After all that was done they brought us some of the complimentary whiskey cake (and a few barley wines on the house). At that point I knew I was in love. I am coming back to NYC  for non-work just based o this experience alone.
I was gunning to catch the final minutes of Upstate's 5 to 7 pm happy hour special on oysters but I had no idea that it got so crowded on a Wednesday evening! So definitely plan ahead. The hostess took my number and texted me when a table opened up, and I headed there straight away. She was very helpful and friendly the entire time, giving us fantastic recommendations. I had a sampling of both East and West Coast oysters, and they were some of the very best oysters I've ever had. I also tried their crabcakes, which are a little on the expensive side for the size but had the crunchiest and most golden brown crust. I also tried their clam linguine, which was tasty but I found it less appealing than the fresh, briny oysters themselves. And oh, complimentary whiskey cake at the end! Here's a place where the owners clearly pride themselves on their food and their hospitality. I'm definitely coming back.
The fettuccine with clams truly was awesome. It lives up to the hype. Service was both impeccable and friendly(Nathan, door guy, bar guy :-) The homemade whiskey cake was a nice touch to finish with. We did start with the oyster special, and they were fresh and very good. The place is small but cozy. Be prepared for a little bit of a wait, but it's worth it!
Wow!!! Yummmmmmny! Casual delicious food! Lovely staff and great beer menu.
This tiny little seafood spot is a gem amongst the Indian BYOBs of 1st Avenue! They don't take reservations and the spot fills up quickly after work, so be prepared to wait awhile if you don't get there early. My friend and I came here to catch up over drinks and mussels after work one night. I got the pot of mussels and she got some sort of mixed seafood pot with prawns, mussels and scallops. Both portion sizes were huge and neither of us were able to finish the whole pot. I think next time, I'd share a pot with someone and then get a side - that would be plenty to feed two people. The wine selection was good and not overpriced and we each had a glass of red wine over dinner. They have fans on at all times during the summer, and it actually got quite chilly in there surprisingly, so I would take a cardigan with you if you tend to get cold.
omg. lovely. every single item rocked my palate. simple and yet.... the genius lies in the simplicity.. right? House-Cured Salmon, Salmon Tartar, Fettuccine With Clams, Squid Salad - all shared and consumed in one breath! their beers were incredible too, I had the pumpkin ale, my friends other types.. which they also loved.  definitely definitely will be back!
Went last night for some late-night oysters and beer.  The beer-"Peak Organic Summer Session"--was cold, refreshing, and relatively cheap.  Being an novice to oyster eating, I asked the waitress for recommendations, which she gladly provided.  The oysters were delicious and, again, not too expensive.  I can't wait to go back for a full meal.
i was so excited to finally try upstate! i came here on a monday at 530 to make their happy hour special. The oysters here were delicious. The two that i tried were both east coast oysters but i can't remember the name. I just asked the waiter to suggest the tinier ones that didn't taste too seafoody. For the entree i ordered the clam linguini which was the perfect amount of everything. My boyfriend ordered the fish which came with roasted corn and tomatoes which was good. I wish the portion for that was a little bigger.
this place is great. the seafood was incredibly fresh. i highly recommend the squid and kale salad. so unique and delicious. the house cured salmon was melt in your mouth status...so fatty just the way i like it. the linguine with clams was ridiculously heavy and creamy but so freakin satisfying. the fish was a little dry but the roasted vegetables under it was so good. and the whiskey cake was a great way to finish off the meal. awesome service too
The food here is top notch.  Small plates of primarily seafood cooked to perfection with great flavors.  The beer here is also top notch and thoughtfully selected.  Owners and servers are very friendly and I can't rave enough about this place.  Go.
After eluding me for a few years, I finally made my way here on a Thursday night only to be met with an 1hr+ wait, but luckily we were able to snag a seat at the bar due to the random town in upstate NY connections.   Great selection of oysters, good craft beers that you'll have trouble finding anywhere else, and an owner who works the bar, what else do you need?  Oh yeah, reasonable prices too...definitely make a trip here to fulfill your seafood cravings without hurting the wallet.
this might be an odd review. First, I'm allergic to seafood, so most of the items are off limits for me. But I have to say I am glad my friends brought me here. The wine selection was great. The cheese board was amazing and the whisky cake was to die for... it would have gotten 5 stars if i could actually sample all the wares. Also, the staff is very friendly and helped us find an extra stool when a last minute friend joined us at the bar.
Very torn. On the one hand the Upstate deserves highest praise for the comfortably-priced,  incredibly fresh oysters, beautifully presented entrees and intriguing craft beers and free (!!!!!) taste of a perfect dessert, all served with wit and a sense of friendship. On the other hand as much as the restaurant may compel such admiration, it really isn't very big and if too many people find out about Upstate and love it too, there probably won't be enough space for me when I return.
So glad a friend recommend Upstate. A hidden gem in the east village that I didn't know could exist. Although very small (why I subtracted a star) this restaurant packs one powerful punch. The food here is delicious including the laundry list of oysters they offer. Ranging from both coast and some internationally - our waitress was kind enough to go over every one. My girlfriend just started eating oysters so we only tried 2 off the list, but they were both fresh and tasty. For entree, I ordered the scallops over mushroom risotto. She had mussels in a white wine sauce. The scallops were on point and for $18 they give you four. The mussels were in a clay pot and there had to be over 20! The white wine reduction was so good we asked our waitress to bring over a second plate bread for more dipping. They did not have a dessert menu but were nice enough to bring over pound cake after the meal. Like I said this place is a GEM. You will be hard pressed to find another seafood restaurant in the city that is offering this fresh of food at this reasonable of a price. Instantly one of my favorites. And although I hate to take a star away, I just know there are going to be many times that I want to visit but no seats available.
Their fettuccine with clams is THE BEST pasta ever! And of course the oysters & beer selection is excellent, it's constantly updating, and the staff is very helpful. Finally, love the complimentary whiskey cakes!
We've been here several times and have always been very happy.  The beers are great, the oysters are fresh and the staff is knowledgeable. It's definitely a popular spot so I think the time to go is early. We like to stop in for an oyster special at the beginning of a night out or on the way home from work.  If you do end up waiting it will be worth it though.
Hard to beat impressive fresh oyster selection with happy hour everyday, paired with delicious craft beer selection.  I had the sled dog which went great with the seafood.  We planned a birthday dinner and the whiskey cake did not disappoint.  The service was top notch and everything we ordered was tasty.  I was especially fond of the seafood fish stew, the broth was begging for bread so we indulged 3 plates of bread worth ;)  the cod fish appetizer didn't seem like an appetizer and was perfectly cooked.  I was really excited about the clam pasta, however the pasta wasn't al dente enough for me, but the clams were amazing.  Will definitely come back for the oyster happy hour.
Real small place but good things come in small packages.  If you're craving seafood look no further.  I had the special (Mane Stake with capers, brussel sprouts, broccoli and potatoes) EXCELLENT.  They don't serve liquor but they had a nice selection of beer and wine.
Every owner of a restaurant should come to Upstate to take lessons from Shane, the wonderful and oh so cute owner of Upstate.  There was quite the wait this past Friday evening, but Shane assured us that he would give us a call as soon as our table was ready.  He even left the restaurant and escorted us to a local bar with great cocktails, so our wait wouldn't be too brutal.  When we were seated a lovely waitress came by and talked us through the great selection of beer of they carry.  I tried the Unita Hop Notch--which was delicious.  We decided to go oyster crazy instead of trying the entrees (which we'll definitely return to try) we ordered a variety of 36--some meaty, some briny, some with more character, some mainstream.  We thoroughly enjoyed all of them and were even able to try a few wild oysters, Shane brought by.  We also sampled the ceviche with peppers and peppercorns and finally finished with the perfect sized dessert--whiskey chocolate cake.  It was the perfect ending to a perfect meal.  The inside of chocolate cake was just a tiny bit gooey--just the way I like it.  Can't wait to return and try the soft shell crab.  Thank you Shane and co. for a great meal and great evening.
It was delicious, the staff was very pleasant, friendly, and generous. 5 stars would have been given, but the pasta was a little too garlicky. Which is usually great, but I woke up with the garlic taste- which wasn't the most pleasant. Otherwise, can't wait to go back.
I went to Upstate for the first time & loved it.   Scallop ceviche (special) - 5 stars Squid salad - 4 stars Fettucine with clams - 4.5 stars I can't vouch for the oysters, but my friend who ordered 6 with a beer (a Happy Hour special) ordered 6 more almost immediately. I also thought the service was 5 star.  The staff were friendly I also got a lesson on oysters.  At the end of dinner, two small servings of pound cake were sent to the table.  Who doesn't love dessert that's not optional? Note: The space is small (maybe 24 seats & space at the bar) & reservations are not accepted, so I wouldn't recommend dropping by on a Thursday - Saturday without a backup plan.
The oyster happy hour is a tremendous bargain: six bivalves (choice from east and west cost) and a draft beer of your choice for 12 smackers.  This alone is reason to go.  We sampled three kinds of west cost oysters.  Kushis were delicious and perfectly fresh.  The other two were okay but slightly mushy.  Shucking was not quite perfect - encountered shell pieces in a couple of oysters.  But at this price it's almost acceptable.  The other dish we tried, mussels steamed in bear, was mediocre: oversteamed (to the point of toughness) and no seasoning.  The mussels cried for some garlic and a touch of butter and salt.  The famous whiskey cake was delicious if minuscule.   We would return, if in the neighborhood,  just for the oyster bargain. But we'd have to think hard -or be very hungry- to brave another cooked dish, even though they looked good on other guests' plates.  Nice, casual atmosphere and friendly service.
Excellent date night spot if the line works out. My wife and I slid in here on a Friday and enjoyed a multi-course seafood bonanza. Everything was exceedingly delicious. Wine and beer recommendations kept us switching it up the whole way through and thankfully didn't run up the tap unnecessarily. The line & the wait goes a long way to initial impressions and I've been on both sides of that problem. There's really not anything you can do except go early or when you're only marginally hungry. We lucked out to be seated immediately on a night that two tables of 6 or 8 were waiting interminably and their numbers must have scared off others before us.
Arrived right in time for happy hour on a Sunday evening... 6 oysters and a craft beer all for just $12! Enjoyed several bivalves from both the East & West Coasts.  All so FRESH & CLEAN!  Before choosing the best brew to go with our oysters, Dara let us sample nearly every beer on tap, so we had the right choice for our taste buds.  All the staff was exquisite and extremely friendly...  Next time I'm back in NYC, I'll definitely be back to experience UPSTATE!
tiny place specializing in oysters (as i do). usual restaurant prices for oysters, extensive selection and interesting other dishes of seafood. complementary whiskey cake to finish is a nice touch. they are presented for the oyster connoisseur (in order, with descriptions, so you can identify and rate each that you're eating). heard they have a happy hour will definitely have to come back.
We ate there last night (7/26) and we started with the Beer and Oyster Special; the oysters were so great that i ordered a second. Next we split three appetizers; the house smoked salmon, sea urchin and the cheese plate. Hard to say which one was best. Next we ordered the Fettuccini and Clams and the Scallops Special.  The clams and the sauce were the best i've had. The Scallops were perfect melt in your mouth. What a find!
I think I found my new favorite place! came for oysters and beers, happy hour is amazing, great selection of east and west coast oysters, 6 of any oysters and a pint of draft beer ( great selection of beers, highly rec the apricot wheat beer) for $12. bartender let me sample the beer before choosing, which was super nice. oysters were delicious, plus they carry duxbury!! will definitely be returning for dinner, sat near kitchen and saw the amazing food that was being made. some delicious looking things did I see! super nice and attentive staff, great happy hr, delicious fresh seafood. what more can u ask for?!
great service, beer selection and seafood.
Awesome happy hour oyster and craft beer from 5-7pm daily!! Variety of east and west coast oysters, for happy hour, the choices are limited, I love blue point and evening coves!  we also got to sample couple of seasonal oysters from east coast which was really fresh and delicious!  the service was attentive, friendly and efficient but not over bearing.  the owner of the place was being very friendly too, he checks on every table to make sure everything's fine! If you go during happy hour, the restaurant and bar fills up quickly so better go early to score a nice seat.  It's a small place w a bar in the back, good selection of beers.  we were given a complimentary whiskey cake to end our happy hour, it was yummilicious, moist like rum cake but less sweeter.  I didn't get to try out the food but would definitely return to sample.
There's nothing better than having incredibly fresh and tasty seafood all while receiving spectacular friendly service.  The mussels in beer sauce were delicous. The scallops and risotto was savory and decadent. The fettuccine and clams were amazing and the whisky pound cake was the perfect closure to the night.. Steve the new manager is the perfect addition to this damn near perfect place for great dining! WE'LL BE BACK!
if you haven't been here yet, go. immediately. they serve a wonderful variety of oysters, local beers, and although the menu is small, absolutely everything on it is delicious. my personal fav is the seafood bouillabaisse but honestly, everything is worth trying. the happy hour is a great deal but what i personally love is that it's in a reasonable price point aside from that. the only entree on the menu over $20 is a $22 lobster bake. where else in the city can you find that kind of pricing?!
I came here during happy hour and took advantage of the $12 for 6 oysters and a beer special. The oysters were so good that I took advantage of it 5 times with our group :) 3 fresh kumamoto's from the West Coast, then 3 unknown (or un-remembered) oysters from the East Coast. Our group of 6 had no wait at 5pm, something surprising from the reviews we have heard. We were seated near the front of the restaurant where the open windows provided a decent breeze on this hot NY afternoon. I was not able to see the rest of Upstate, but it looked like the decor was no-nonsense minimal with exposed brick and solid wood tables. Aside from the oysters, we also had the ceviche. Not as tasty as the oysters, but made well and fresh. I will go back for happy hour again.
I've been to Upstate 5 or 6 times now, and have to say it's absolutely fantastic.  The oysters of course are amazing, and they have a nice selection from both coasts, although I'm more partial to East as I like them smaller and brinier. The Fettuccine w/ clams is what I had the first few times, and it's great, but don't sleep on the scallop and fish specials!  My girlfriend and I had them last night and it was so so so good.  Scallops over a bed of brown rice risotto (so much buttery deliciousness, really hit the spot), and seared Tuna over a bed of sauteed vegetables (huge piece of fish, and so fresh).  For $18 each, an amazing deal. Also got the soft shell crab special.  Amazing start to the meal, and served with a tasty corn/tomato salsa.  Tasted like the ocean, but in a good way.   Plus an always amazing selection of tristate craft beers, and if you sit at the bar, you might even get a few free tastes ;)   Capped the meal off with the always delicious whiskey cake.  It's places like Upstate that make the East Village one of the dopest neighborhoods in the world.  You should really check it out.
seafood.  everything i had was delicious.  good place for oysters.  great selection of wine by the glass.
Loved it, fresh seafood with an awesome happy hour (6 oysters and beer for $12), how can you go wrong. My only complaint was that unless you get there 15 min prior to opening (you will see the line already forming out the door), you are guaranteed to be waiting at least 45 minutes. They don't take reservations and just for humor I showed up around 6:30 on Friday to inquire about getting a table for 3 and was told it would be about 3 hours. So, get there early or put in for a table and bounce around the east village as I am sure you can find something to do. As for ordering, fettuccini and clams was on point, as was the squid salad and diver scallops. That said, I imagine everything on the menu is fantastic.
This place is really good.  Pretty small but really enjoyable if you take a seat at the bar.  They always have amazing oysters.  I've ever been but the happy hour specials are really good as well (they have a great beer selection). The food and service in general is solid.  I've never had a bad meal.  The last time I was here our server let us sample a red wine they were thinking of adding to the wine list.  I thought it was way too full-bodied for seafood but the free glass of wine was a nice touch.   This place would also be a great date place as there are many two-person tables.  Enjoy!
i came here with a friend to check out the happy hour special, and honestly, it's such a great deal! 6 oysters and a craft beer (tried 4 of them and they were all so good) for $12 in a world where a standard latte will cost you $6 is, in my modest opinion, amazing. i will admit, i am no oyster connoisseur and have only recently started eating them, but these are definitely fresh as i am very sensitive to fishiness-- and my friend and i had no problems downing a dozen oysters each. by the way, i wish i had asked our waitress for her name! she was sooo very sweet and helpful without being corny and over-friendly (does that make sense?) the whiskey cake, dont know if it's worth aaalllll the hype, but it really is veryyyy tasty and a great way to end the meal. anyway, the point is, go! next time i will definitely have to try some of the entrees, everything looked and sounded delicious. went on a weekday at 5:30pm and the place was practically empty but started to fill up pretty quickly. go early if you can, make a lame excuse and duck out of work early to get there before it gets busy!
My mom was really in the mood for oysters so I looked on yelp to find a great oyster place and I came across Upstate. We went straight there after looking at the photos and the reviews. When we got there we were told that there was a forty minute wait, but we decided that it was worth it. They texted us to come in and we were told that we caught the happy hour. So were 1 1/2 dozens of 4 different types of oysters and the were all so fresh and tasty. Then for an entree we both got the two daily specials. I had the pollock over veggies and my mother enjoyed the diver scallops over shaved squash and zucchini and mushrooms. The meal was ended with some complementary cake. The service was great and the tiny restaurant was really beautiful inside.
This place has never disappointed us since the week it first opened. The oysters are fresh, the house cured salmon is awesome and the squid salad is a real treat. Come in early enough and take advantage of the happy hour special (6 oysters and a beer for $12). You can easily do two rounds of the special in a heartbeat before you move on to the other items on the menu. Just as great is closing the night with the whiskey cake. As they say, you cannot purchase the whiskey cake, you have to earn it!
This was the best recommendation from ex- girlfriends ever!  Finally made it!   Dear Upstate, Thank you for being the best.  Your staff are fun, helpful, and all out the perfect people to run your establishment.  Your beer is excellent.  The varieties you carry are all favorites.  The beer menu made me very happy.  Drinking the beer made me even happier.  Your oyster are of the highest quality and the ones from the west coast sure are tasty.  Your whiskey cake was sublime.  That is the only the second time I have used that word on yelp.  It was so moist and had such a nice flavor to it.  Thank you. Where do you go when your in paradise?  A little place called Upstate. Sincerely, Your number #1 fan.
Happy Hour tip: there is a line of people waiting at exactly 5pm to get in. West coast oysters were my fav.
My friend and I happened upon here while walking through the East Village last night, and while what initially lured us in was not the highlight (the oysters here were quite disappointing), we enjoyed the rest of our meal. It was happy hour, so we decided to take advantage of the $12 special of a half-dozen oysters and a pint of beer, and my beer of choice was the watermelon. Light and with a notable aroma of watermelon, this beer proved an ideal companion for the meal that was about to ensue. We started out with a share of the squid salad and, served on slate and steaming hot, it was delicious! We then continued with a share of the wild halibut, that was cooked to perfection. And I don't want to forget to mention the complimentary slices of pound cake and dark ale that was served as dessert, as these added a nice touch to an already good meal.
Best oysters I've ever had in NYC. Love the selection and freshness. Just wish it were cheaper and that it wasn't so packed all the time. Staff was friendly and attentive.
Our beer-loving friends came to visit from North Dakota and requested great seafood.  Found Upstate on yelp and we had a great time and really enjoyed everything!  The place was packed, but our wait was short (and we were able to window-shop, etc. as they text you when your table is ready).  We enjoyed the craft beers, the charcuterie plate, awesome Long Island oysters (blue whale--if I remember the name correctly--were the best!!), the fettuccine with clams, the grilled scallops with mushrooms and zucchini, and the whiskey cake.  Service was on point, friendly and attentive.  An awesome dinner and we will definitely be back.  Our friends from ND absolutely loved everything. My fiancée said if we lived on the LES he would be there every day!
This place is very good.  I would recommend the oysters to start.  The wait staff is very knowledgeable about them and they are definitely fresh.  The ambiance is nice as well.  The portions are not overwhelming and there will be room for dessert. The owner/manager was also nice and let us do some wine tasting.  He introduced us to a California Zinfandel of which we are now huge fans.  I am not telling people on yelp what it is because it is difficult to find in the city and, honestly, I'm going to horde it.
Loved the oysters. Loved the service. All of the food was perfection. Salmon tartare...divine. Scallops reminded me why I love scallops (had mine on perfectly done kale vs the risotto). Fish stew was bowl lick-able. Go.
Get the oyster's happy hour special! 6 oysters and a beer. Their oysters are served fresh daily. And their dipping sauces were legit,, love the mignonette. Dare I say this, WEST COAST OYSTERS ARE BETTER THAN EAST COAST. Just my preference, but try one of each blindly, just for fun. Happy shucking!
Just fantastic. Maybe an overly glowing impression since i'm coming from the depressing DC food scene but this place was grand. Atmosphere, service, but above all fantastic food. The oysters were incredibly fresh and perfectly shucked - zero residue. Plus the waiter knowledgeably and accurately walked is through the options. Beers were great - as were the wines. Music was great but not intrusive - ditto in the wait staff. Mains were great too - though think my scallops served with variety of squash were slightly better than the fish. We were there on a Saturday so pretty busy but still the wait wasn't more than 10 minutes. Will absolutely go back next time i'm in NY
Best selection of west coast oysters that I've found in the city. Also a nice craft beer selection on draught to wash them down with.
Amazing!! Went here with a friend for dinner and it's a cute little place. Be sure to get there before 7 to get the half dozen oyster and any craft beer for $12 Appetizer: We got the grilled squid over kale which was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of seasoning so that the natural squid taste wasn't overpowered.  We also had an assortment of oysters.  My fave was the British Colombia, it had a buttery texture.  Everything was so FRESH Entree: I had the linguine with clam ..AMAZING!! There was a good amount of clams and the flavor was garlicy with cheese and cream with al dente pasta My friend had the scallop with mushroom risotto.  The scallop was perfectly cooked and crispy on the outside and the risotto was delish Overall, I had an awesome experience and will def go back!
The oyster selection is amazing. And if you don't know much about oysters the staff will bring you up to speed!  The cioppino is loaded with tons of fresh seafood!  So good. The clam fettucini is awesome. Perfectly cooked pasta with garlicky wild clams.
Lived in east village for 4 years and rarely write reviews but felt necessary for this spectacular experience. Went on a Thursday night with a date to this intimate dining spot (~10 tables) and waited 10min for a seat at the bar.  We were hesitant to sit at the bar but so thankful we did after the extremely attentive and engaging service.  The bartenders (I expect one was the owner as he commented on purchasing ingredients earlier that day) made sure we tried every wine, oyster, or other appetizer we were curious about before committing to it.  Haven't had that type of no-frills service, well, ever! Oysters were great.  I'm usually partial to East coast and they turned out to be very delicious, more so than the creamier West coast (in my opinion). We also tried the sea urchin salad.  I'm not a huge fan of fishy tasting things but this wasn't bad.  My date was a sea urchin fan and she loved it. I ordered the market fish of the day, which was Maine skate fish with brussel sprouts, broccoli, and red potatoes.  In a word, perfection.  Perfectly cooked with just the right amount of moisture and the brussel sprouts were delicious. My date ordered the fettuccine with clams which also turned out to be delicious. Finally, to top it all off the bartender gave us a complementary slice of this bourbon pound cake (I believe) which was heaven on earth. Overall, highly recommend the food, service, and you must not be afraid to sit at the bar!  Truly a fun dining experience.  I'll definitely be back.
4.5 Stars I just realized as of last Friday I've been here more times than any other bar or restaurant in the city.  Just wanted to reaffirm my previous rating. Decided to grab oysters with Nell L., who was visiting town (from Upstate), my gf (who refers to this as 'our little oyster place' and were later joined by Lama B. It was a packed house on Friday, but we were seated quickly, even though all of our party had not yet arrived. We ordred 4 oyster specials, but I was hungry (and craving whiskey cake) so I ordered the fish of the day, which was yummy.  Then came the whiskey cake..mmm.  I devoured that cake like a great white shark would a baby seal.  Everyone else did the same because there wasn't any left on the table by the time I finished mine.
Came here for my bday with a few friends. The menu is quite small but the food was decent. One of our friends had to stand cause they were limited with seats. They surprised us with a plate of salmon over corn appetizer. We had clams w/pasta, scallop zucchini and tuna/salmon appetizers. Then ended it with some whiskey bread. Really nice place for a date. Waiters are friendly!
I don't eat oysters, but my wife does and she loves it here.  I've enjoyed a number of other dishes though and really do love this place as they use quality, local ingredients, and everything is prepared fresh. OK, so the oysters aren't terribly local, especially the west coast ones, but they are all incredibly fresh - but everything else pretty much is local, such as the Day Boat Cod they had one night.  Even the cheese comes from NJ. As I said, I don't eat the oysters but that's what most people come here for, and the empty platters and happy faces indicated something was right with their choices. The varieties seem to change every day based on what comes in fresh, and they give you a nice little cheat-sheet so you know what you're eating.  Still not interested in trying those things any time soon, but if I did, it would probably be here...   I'd talk about the awesome beer selection, but I can't sample any of it sadly...  I was still impressed with the list of the 8 or so they had on tap, a lot of which I've never even heard of, which is shocking to me considering my past expertise in that field.  With my recently-discovered allergy though, I'm just craving some draft sorghum beer... maybe next time??  The wines (even by the glass) are equally amazing and different.  They'll help you pair the right wine to your dish, and it always seems to be just right.   The first time we came, we were the only people there and chatted with the owner, but the next time it was PACKED and could barely get a seat.  If that continues, they're gonna need some more waitstaff because this is probably my new favorite place to eat in the East Village and I'm not always completely patient.   The vibe, however, is perfect and intimate, albeit a bit too dark for comfort (I do like when I can actually SEE my food before it goes in my mouth) - also, the varnished countertops are beautiful but useless as they are not quite flat and are as slick as an ice hockey rink, but the owner said he was going to be fixing that ASAP.  In the meantime, hold on to your drinks!! Overall, an awesome addition to the East Village, and hopefully part of a growing trend of fresh, locally-sourced and delicious food!
Came here on a date and sat at the bar. The service was excellent, the staff being helpful without being intrusive. We shared a delicious bottles of Sauv Blanc and the Salmon Tartare which was so delicious I've dreamt about it. Ok not really, but I think about it every night before I go to sleep and every morning when I wake up. We also shared clams and a cheese plate, both also awesome but seriously...get the salmon tartare
I am a little hesitant to write this review... as I simply want to keep this place to myself. Ambiance: - Small, cozy restaurant.   This place is fantastic.  The menu is limited, but what they lack in quantity, they more than make up for in quality. Great line up of NY craft brews. Wide selection of oysters, the staff is very knowledgeable. They hand picked a mixed 2 dozens, all spot on to my taste. The cherry on top of this wonderful meal was the owner stopping by and chatting about our meal and the menu, followed with a complimentary piece of whiskey cake. So to surmise, this place is awesome, but you should leave it just for me!
WOW. This place is just WOW.  We came here early Sat evening and it was surprisingly not packed at all. They have $12 happy hour that comes with 6 oysters and a beer. The oysters were sweet and fresh and slurp-worth. The Spanish mackerel over a bed of greens was cooked nicely, not dry. The fettucine with clams was just so delish! I loved it. I thought the portions were just right. I would definitely come back for more fresh seafood.
Upstate is a bit over-hyped for what it is, but still a solid choice at a good price for seafood. BEER Amazing. OYSTERS +Fresher than most options in Manhattan, but I just moved back from Boston - and it really can't compete with the good oyster bars up there (go to Island Creek Oyster Bar or B&G Oysters - you won't regret it ;). We tried oysters both on and off the 'happy hour list,' and recommend that you stick with the East Coast over West Coast (some of which were just on the brink of turning). In all, we ordered 20 oysters for the table and got a nice sampling of their oyster offering. -Not expertly shucked: there were a handful of oysters that had pieces of shells inside, some of them were still attached to the shell, and many of them had lost all their brine (usually my favorite part!). ENTREES Like meny Yelpers mentioned, it's a hit or miss. My favorites were the clam fettuccine (so cheesy, clams were plump, abundant and sand-free), and the grilled squid over a kale salad (squid perfectly smoky and tender, and the kale was delicious). Some misses were the bouillabaisse (the seafood was solid, but the broth was bad, like really really diluted soup). SERVICE Overall okay, but lacked effort: I requested some hot water, but our server immediately told us 'no' without checking with the kitchen first (which, after I asked our server to ask, said yes no problem). I also snuck our server my credit card wanting to pay for dinner, and he came back in the middle of the meal for me to sign rather than waiting till the end - a bit awkward. They also rushed our ordering, as they asked for our order twice while we all were settling in and looking at our menus. WHISKEY CAKE Also amazing. Would probably go back for the fettuccine and the East Coast oysters + beer.
Lived up to the hype for me even after an hour and a half wait. Food was incredible. Oysters were EXTREMELY fresh and delicious, waitress was quick to give out recommendations suited to our tastes. Split the charcuterie, crab cakes, and muscles as apps. All were delicious nice for splitting, although only two crab cakes. For an entree I had the scallops which lived up to their reputation. Every scallop was perfectly seared and juicy. The brown rice risotto paired perfectly. Would definitely revisit this place for happy hour or dinner again. Highly recommended for foodies and seafood lovers alike. I left this place with a full belly and prices were reasonable. If you don't mind the wait you should visit Upstate ;)
This place was incredible. Adorable spot and ambiance. The hostess will take down your cell number and text you when your table is ready so you can wonder around while you are waiting. The oysters were amazingly good as were the mussels. Everything was so good and the waitstaff was wonderful with recommendations and pairings. Very friendly. I really can't say enough. I cannot wait to go back!
My boyfriend and I came here for an early dinner last Friday because I was in the mood for scallops and he wanted oysters. According to Yelp, this was the highest recommended place so we decided to try it. We arrived a few minutes before 6pm, which was perfect because as 6pm rolled around, the entire place was packed. It is a small restaurant with 3 high tables (seats 2) and a few longer tables for bigger parties and a bar in the back with about half a dozen bar stools. We didn't know it ahead of time but they had a HH special before 7pm where you get 6 oysters and a beer for $12. The selection of oysters was limited for the HH special but we enjoyed the ones we tried (a mix of East and West Coast). My favorite dish of the night was the grilled calamari appetizer with kale. It was cooked perfectly and paired with an excellent vinaigrette with a slight sweet taste. For entrees, we got the fettuccine with clams and scallops with risotto. Both dishes were good, but the portion size was slightly on the smaller side. All in all, great dinner, and definitely come early if you don't want a long wait.
I came here for the Oyster HH. For $12 you get 6 oysters and a glass of beer. The waitress at our table was extremely helpful and regularly checked up on us. No complaints!
Even when their popularity seems to be relying mainly on their oyster+beer happy hour (6 oysters out of the daily list+1 beer for $12, from 5 to 7pm), that shouldn't be the only reason. The inviting ambiance. Casual and intimate. Good for a date but as good to meet your friends on a random evening. It really can not be overlook at Upstate. Loved the exposed brick walls and the lighting. The food presentation is over gray slate pieces. Don't ask me why, I just love it in that way. I really love too how friendly those guys are. Your party need to be complete to be seated but they will write down your name and reserve a table on the spot. We were attended exceptionally. From our demand for oyster and beer pairing recommendation to having water continuously on the table and even someone to check how we were doing on a regular basis. The oysters?? well. Never been a fan of them, I have to say, but even so, I really enjoyed the couple that I got. Definitely, fresh. My friends, with a much more educated oyster palate than mine, are becoming frequent patrons in here. Figure who I am picturing with the same tendency on a near future. Will they got me to like oysters at the end? I dunno. But if that implies to enjoy again their fantastic scallops over a bed of mushroom risotto. So flavorful and comforting on a cold night like this days. I definitely overlook the slightly overcook scallops and rice, because the flavor made it up for both. Similarly, their squid salad with kale and citrus, ponzu and honey sauce was fantastic. We all loved their citric tone, very delicate but that made the salad to stand out from a regular seafood salad. The squid was slightly overcook as well and absent of crispy edges, but the grill and seasoning was fantastic and once again made it up for the misses. One more. Steamed clams. You gotta try this. The aroma reminds me to my mum's: onion and wine cooking slowly for a wonderful broth. I dunno. I am not an oyster person, but I have really like Upstate very much. Definitely, coming back.
Love it. Just one of those places that totally clicks with me. Went with a few lady friends and sampled all the seafood options - between us we had the scallops, lobster bake (yum!) and seafood pasta. All were awesome - the scallops isn't a ton of food but the giant bowl of pasta def made up for it. Onto the little things - waiters were super freaking nice, knew the wine, made good recs and brought the bottles to the table to give us all hefty tastes before we made our call. Ended the night with the free whiskey cake (guess we earned it) and big glasses of wine on the house. Oh, I'll be back.
Upstate is a craft beer and oyster bar in the East Village. They offer happy hour everyday from 5-7. For 12 bucks, you get your choice of a craft beer and a 1/2 dozen oysters. A great deal that I have yet to see anywhere else in the city. Upstate has 8 craft beers that are featured weekly from local breweries. The oysters are fresh and oh so delicious, with your choice of any 6 with options from East and West coast. (West coast oysters are way better.) Upstate is a tiny and quaint spot on 1st Ave and 6th (next door to Panna II), great for a pre-dinner drink, or post-work happy hour. The waitstaff is friendly, happy to serve you and provided us with some fun facts about oysters. We only took advantage of the happy hour, but their full dinner menu looked enticing with options ranging from Beer Steamed Mussels (your choice of beer) and creative seafood dishes and pastas. They also have a cheese and Charcuterie plate, as well as a daily Ceviche special. Finish your meal with complimentary whiskey cake made by the owner's wife, which "is not for sale, you have to earn it"... Only thing to note: This place gets packed... so try to head there earlier to beat the rush!
This was a fantastic restaurant. I would recommend it to all my friends and colleagues.
All of the good reviews are warranted.  Is it worth a 2 hour wait?  No, because nothing really exists that's worth that long of a wait time.  But if you can get here early, you can enjoy super fresh oysters, amazing linguine with clams, and whiskey cake on the house. My only complaint is that there's no dessert menu!  Yes, the cake is complimentary at the end, but sometimes you want something more to finish up such a great meal.  Hope they add this in the near future, and will definitely earn that final star.
Pro: Unbelievable seafood, especially grilled scallops!! Con: Restaurant is quite small, without reservation... I'd say a 1.5hr avg wait on weekends
I love beers and I love oysters. This place is like a wet dream come true for me! This is basically a friendly neighborhood bar that serves amazing oysters and carefully selected craft beers. Exposed bricks and reclaimed barn wood from upstate welcome you inside to a warm and welcoming setting. Even more welcoming is the $12 beer+6 oysters[1] deal offered daily 5-7pm. Oysters and beers rotate on a regular basis: you will always find new oysters depending on the daily availability, and once a cask of beer is finished it's replaced by a different one. It's like having an amazing lover that always manages to surprise you in bed with something new and exciting you never tried before. If you are a bit of a beer geek and/or oyster connoisseur, you will definitely like this place a lot. The absence of a freezer means that oysters are delivered here super-fresh every day. If you are curious, and have been looking for a place where you can ask questions about beer/oysters without people around looking at you in contempt, you will definitely like this place a lot. The atmosphere is very welcoming and laid back; and even though people working here are extremely knowledgeable about both oysters and beer, they are not snobs: they are enthusiastic, attitude-free, and ready to give great suggestions. A win-win situation! During a recent visit I had the opportunity to try Saranac IPA (hoppy with a low bitterness and crisp finish), Southampton Abbot 12 (a Quadrupel, Belgian-style dark ale with a hint of sweetness on the palate), and Peak Organic King Crimson American Ale (this was my favorite: deep, rich red color; with malt, coffee and caramel tones). Among the 20 or so different oysters on offer, I definitely liked a lot Seawansecott (VA; firm texture and briny finish), Beacon Point (BC; wonderfully creamy, similar to Hamma Hamma), and Malaspina (BC; mild and creamy, with a sweet finish). The main courses are a great deal, being priced $15-18. They're also a bit of a hit-or-miss. Whole prawns over fettuccine were just ok. The prawns were good, but the pasta was flat: I could only taste tomato and cream in the sauce, and even just a sprinkle of parsley would have added a bit of a kick to the dish. The bouillabaisse was much better. Just like the whiskey cake. Stick to beer and oysters, however, and you will never be disappointed. --------------------------- [1] ANY oyster on the extensive menu, that includes Kumamoto.
still good! quick tip - for those of you with the less voluptuous booty (as myself) the bar stools at the very end will be a bit uncomfortable for you
Absolute gem of a place. Only downside is the size. But the service was outstanding. From the hostess squeezing us in late on a Friday night, to Shane, the owner, buying us a beer for our patience in finally making it. The food was amazing! Seared scallops and crab cakes are a must. And the beer selection is unique and fantastic. Can't wait to come back.
Okay, I went back for more oysters and this time they did not disappoint.  Everything I chose was soooooo good!  I believe Susan was our waitress and she just went ahead and chose all the oysters for me.  I have to say she was really great.  The beer was just as nice and I got a nice buzz.
Don't believe anyone who doesn't rave about this place. It is amazing. They specialize in fresh seafood and have a very small, but delicious and completely reasonably priced menu. I'm new to oysters and they have the biggest selection. The waitress recommended several types and was right on with the description. Those suckers are scrumptuous! Their fish special changes frequently if not daily and they pride themsevles on not frying anything or having a freezer. Fresh fresh fresh, perfectly seasoned seafood.
Been here 3-4 times now.  Love it.  Oyster happy hour is great, and though they have limited the selection it is still impressive.  Too be sure, the rest of the food is good too: soft shell crabs have been very nice--with a delicous corn salad--and I am blanking on some other stuff right now but it has all been good.  Beers are typically very good and interesting.  Service has been great and the place is very charming.
Really delicious oysters and friendly staff. The space is cozy but a bit too small. One of the waitresses kept ramming into our elbows as we sat at one of the taller tables. But i would definitely come here again!
Just aiiight for me.  I've read so many great things about Upstate that it's been on my list for some time. Beer and oysters, what's not to love, right?  Well, if you come here, and what we sampled is representative of the offerings, I would definitely stick to beer and oysters and beer and oysters only.  The entrees, etc. were off the mark.  There are happy hour specials that make the oysters more reasonably priced, so that would be a good place to start.  Our waitress was very nice and helpful, and comped us with a couple of oysters, but this was a one and done for me.
My date wanted to hit it up.  I'm always game for dope spots. Beeeeerzzzzz Oystahzzzzzz Happy hour prices...6 oysters + beer...$12.   I'm still druuuuunk.  I'm late for work, uggggggghhhhhh.
I've never been a huge oyster person, but I've gotten more and more 'oyster-curious' as time has gone by. Last weekend, my fiancee and I decided to trek down to this cozy abode down in East Village. Even though we showed up during relative prime time on Saturday, we were able to sneak in and claim one of the couple of tables that wasn't taken. I was already a bit lit up from earlier in the day to make an accurate judgment, but it's always my duty to check out the craft beer selection. Looked good overall, and the Left Hand seasonal was quite delicious and not too overpowering - a good thing for me in my state. The servers were very good - explained the menu clearly, quick at bringing out the drinks and the food - very good overall. The food itself here is pretty solid. Much like a sushi restaurant, you can order individual oysters as to your liking. We chose all of the daily specials (bolded on the menu), and they were all delicious. I think I'm more of a Left Coast oyster person (they're a little sweeter and have less of a briny aftertaste than those from the East Coast), but all of them were top-notch, and the sauces served were also very good (although the cucumber was a bit of a miss - no real noticeable palate-changers there). The salmon tartare was decent, but I've definitely had better cuts of fish elsewhere. It was decently flavored, but the way the tartare was prepared made the fish come off as a bit too chewy. The fettuccine with clams was delicious, though - pasta was very light, no heavy pasta sauce (just a sprinkling of olive oil and a light covering of parmesan), and fresh clams. Makes for a very good main dish without being as heavy as a more Italian version of the dish would be. Upstate is what is says it is - a craft beer and oyster shop. I'd probably come back just to sample as many oysters as I could. The selection is very fresh, and the beers on tap work really well. I do wish there were some other sauces to sample with the oysters, though, and the appetizer we did have was not up to snuff compared to other tartares. All said, though, I'm a fan - and I'd definitely come back for another round!
"Sure. I will risk mercury poisoning for for a little oyster action." "You had me at mercury poisoning." Seriously, everyone with a computer and internet connection, this isnt Mermaid Bar. It's not like that. If you told me that you got sick from an Upstate oyster I would tell you that the universe obviously hates you and that you deserved and it and have a nice time in hell because that's where you're headed. I'm here at least once a week. Still my favorite restaurant, and not just because I have an apartment right around the corner. The owner is maybe one of the nicest, most genuine owners I have had the priv to meet. The rest of the staff? Same thing. If I die, this place will be my heaven. PS- Gets loud sometimes. Not a good "quiet date" place Thursday or Friday or Saturday.
HH from 5-7 pm includes 6 oysters and a craft beer for $12.00.  We stopped in for a quick snack before heading to our next location.  Arrived close to 6:30 on a Tuesday expecting to find the line out the door, but luckily we were seated right away! Oysters were good, could have been schucked a little better - I had quite a few pieces of sand and rock in the 3 oysters i had. Craft beer was excellent, service was quick and friendly. Will return in the future.
Had an amazing experience! Arrived at 445 opened the door, well the greeting was not the nicest, but I am a Chef so I get it. Open is open and closed is closed.... Ok so we sat first only to watch the whole police fill up in 8 minutes flat. This is a wonderful sign! Happy hour special 6 oysters and a beer for 12 dollars. Everything was so fresh and delicious! You can tell there was no re shucking going on here. Fresh, clean, juicy, and plump Oysters. Had a few apps also that were just as good as the oysters, and the Clam Pasta although a little greasy I couldn't stop eating it. All in All Really great spot kudos to you guys for doing a great job!!!!
So yummy. So fresh !! I came here on Sunday night with my mom and two other friends. Called ahead for the reservation but they don't take any reservation. My friend arrived earlier and put us on waiting list. It was 1 and half hour wait !! We ordered oyster, cheese, shrimp,mussel , scallops and clam fettuccine.  Everything is so delicious!!!!!!!!  Love this restaurant ! For sure will come again probably during not busy weekday lunch time to avoid the wait :)
Our server was excellent, so knowledgeable about all the different kinds of flavors in oysters from different locations. It was educational and so delicious! A perfect night.
Bit surprised with all the great reviews.  I thought this place would put me into food coma for weeks.   We went and had the an oyster sampling.  We had almost every oyster they had available.  I wasn't particularly a fan of most of them, but I don't know much about a good oyster since I rarely eat them.   Their entrees were okay.  Not bad but not great.
Amazing place. Food is fresh. I just sat near the bar. The owner is right there and helps you to select your beer and the food. I have never liked scallops. But man they were delicious!!
One great thing about holiday weekends in New York: all the New Yorkers leave. This gives you the opportunity to hit up some places that you might not normally be able to do otherwise. We were in the neighborhood yesterday and managed to score a table just in time to take advantage of the fabulous happy hour deal here. 6 oysters + a draught beer for $12. We tried each of the four happy hour oysters, I got a Troegs DreamWeaver Wheat, he got the Brooklyn Fiat Lux. Didn't try anything else on the menu - it would be nice to have more small-plate options instead of full-on entrees, but nevertheless, we thought this place was fantastic.
We had such an amazing time last night At Upstate! The hostess knew that we were celebrating a special occasion and she made sure to squeeze us in. She was so sweet! The min we got in, the bartender gave us a complimentary mini bottle of prosecco for our celebration. The attentiveness and great customer service already won us over. Luckily, the food was also delicious. We had the uni, fish special, and scallop special. Everything tasted fresh and flavorful. At the end of dinner, they gave us free whisky cake. Overall, great experience. I can't wait to go back and get some oysters!
Can't say enough good things.  My friend took me here for my birthday.  We split the squid salad, I got the fetticine with clams, he got the Bouilabaise (I tasted it, it was amazing, they even included lobster and HUGE shrimp). Everything was super fresh- and for a Monday that's hard. The beer list is really well curated, something for everyone. We were too full for dessert, and my friend was convinced he had carbon monoxide poisoning (not from the restaurant)  so we ran out fast, but I will definitely be back for the oysters. Great service, ambiance and value.
After reading all the 4 and 5 star reviews I was really excited to try this place. We went on a Wednesday night and the place was packed (good sign), but TINY. There were four of us so we  had some drinks at the bar to pass the time. The watermelon wheat beer was VERY good. When we finally sat down ONE HOUR later we ordered a variety of oysters (yummy), the shrimp and beans dish, scallops dish and fettucine with clams dish. All the dishes were well made with the portions being on the small(er) side, but i can't say anything really blew my mind (I tried a little from each dish). The service was great once we finally sat down. I would definitely go back for the oysters and some drinks but probably not the entrees. Tip-  2 people max if you're going at night. Don't come with a larger group otherwise you may never eat.
I must admit, I am sucker for anything seafood so my taste is biased. What can go wrong with an oyster happy hour?! This lovely space gets packed quick and they don't take reservations, so count on waiting around a bit for a seat. The bartender was lovely with his recommendations that really nailed it. The crab cakes were REAL crab cakes! I felt like I was back on the coast of Maine. The scallops, and trout with brown butter were delicious - perfectly seasoned and cooked. I had the Hake special, and while lovely, lacked a certain something for me.  It was just a tad on the dry side and lacked some seasoning. But overall, the service is quick and friendly and the food is great.  I will definitely be back to... pretty much try everything on their menu.
Upstate is a pretty audacious restaurant that dedicates itself solely to Poseidon's creation (seafood) which is a pretty bold move in my book! I came here on a Thursday night and immediately, I was drawn to their happy hour special. Their oysters were unbelievably fresh, sweet and delicious and only cost $12 for 6 oysters plus a craft beer! Everything about this place was delicious, including their Seafood bouillabaisse ($16), which was slow cooked in a saffron broth with house fish and shellfish. Their Organic salmon tartar ($12) was also tasty, as it was mixed with soy, cilantro, garlic, linger, lime and arugula and served with toasts on the side. Lastly, their Red Snapper ceviche ($12) is also something to note about, as it was lightly dressed with coulis that made my fish taste extra sweet and flora. By all mean, this restaurant is not big but it definitely feels cozy, hip and vibrant! With a very relaxing atmosphere, this restaurant would be a great place for you to go to with friends, who enjoys really good beer and refreshing seafood that is light to the taste but very satisfying to the belly!
Fantastic spot for oyster and beer lovers.  The staff here is just awesome, and not annoyingly cloyingly trying too hard, just plain awesome.  Treating everyone like a VIP makes a difference, really. The oysters glisten! Glisten! And the beers are heady as can be.  High quality seafood offerings and a totally reasonable prices.  Very laid-back with a true "upstate" feel - they nailed the vibe.  Cute bar and a handful of tables in the front.   If you can make it in before 7pm, the $12 special is unbelievable - you have your choice of 6 oysters and a beer.  And you may even get a slice of whiskey chocolate cake on the house.. yum!
It's a very wait long but it's well worth it. It was easier to get a table for four than two, which was a bit strange. Our waitress was amazing. She took time to explain each type of oyster and why we would like it. I find that waiters are normally pretentious when they do this but she was so warm and nice about it. All the oysters were delicious. We stuck with mostly east coast oysters because I don't like the after taste of the west coast oysters. The happy hour deal is well worth it. Other things we had: clams with fettuccine (ordered it twice bc it was so good), scallop special (wished there were more scallops), mussels (prefer flex mussels), and crab cakes (would not recommend). If you can get a table, I would definitely recommend visiting!
Mushroom truffle risotto, I still dream of that. Upstate was a 90 minute wait (ended up being 50 minutes) but now having tried it I would wait even longer. The salmon tartar was also fresh and amazing. perfectly smoked. Iwill definitely be going back to try the rest...
Small spot with a lot of charm!!! Bartenders were super friendly and informative about their oysters and beer. I learned I am a West Coast oyster lover! As we ate at the bar we were chosen to sample a few beers for their new selections. I will definitely come back to try their food menu as all plates around us looked appetizing. Happy Hour is from 5-7 everyday. 6 select oysters and any beer for $12. They even threw in a few freebees as we were quizzative regarding types of oysters.
So glad we were able to stop by dinner finally.  We didn't make it for happy hour oysters but that is okay.  They didn't have a table available (no reservations) but luckily there were two seats available at the bar.   We sat at the end of the bar - which got us the closest view to the oyster shucking station and the kitchen.  It was awesome watching the chef in action.   We ordered the following: Appetizers: 1/2 dozen oysters - different varieties Beer steamed wild caught clams Uni with salmon roe and raw egg Entrees: Cioppino Diver scallops with zucchini and mushrooms We were pleased with everything we'd ordered.  The oysters were super chilled and fresh.  The steamed clams were super plump.  Love love the cioppino - normally not a fan because the broth generally tends to be on the blander side but not Upstate's version.  Nicely seasoned tomato based broth giving enough flavor without overpowering the seafood.  Couldn't stop dipping the toasted bread in the broth. The diver scallops - 4 huge pieces nicely seared - only wished it was served with risotto (as seen in other Yelp photos).   Excellent seafood quality, flavor and with most dishes under $20 - this place is rocks like no other! The bartender (Shane) was awesome - checking on us frequently.
LOVE this place!! Especially because I'm from Upstate NY =D There was a 10min wait on a Friday night around 9PM. You can put down your name and number and they will text you when your table is 5mins away. We ordered all East Coast oysters because the bf thought they would be fresher - but judging by the quality of this place, I bet everything would be super fresh. They give you a piece of paper with the list of oysters on them and you order them by writing how many of which oysters you want. They are in order of least mildest to most flavorful. The oysters were plump, fresh, and we could taste the difference as we made our way around our oyster platter. We also split a seafood bouillabaisse. Ugh, such a great decision. The broth was TDF and the mussels, clams, shrimp, fish, and scallops were big and flavorful. How is seafood SOOO good? I don't understand it!! They also have a great beer selection - perfect on a summer day. A gulp of beer and a slurp of oyster. What more can you ask for? Oh yeah, free whiskey cake!
This place is really quite amazing. Everything about it just works. Their beers are awesome and constantly changing/refreshed. Oysters are amazing and there is great variety. Their happy hour is totally worth it - $12 for any craft beer + 6 oysters of your choice. It's a great way to sample many choices and deepen your palate maturity. Lastly, their fettuccine with clams are probably the best I have ever had in my life. Since we first discovered this place, I have been back frequently and this is always a winner. The shrimp special is good when they offer it, but still pales in comparison to the clams. I think it is because they put fried garlic in there, but it just has an amazing taste. Bon appetite!
Yum yum yum. Happy hour is the best! If you're trying to go on a weekend, it'll be filled right at 5. Expect to wait. Otherwise, you can probably get in on it still around 6 on a weekday. Staff is super friendly and attentive. And their other dishes are extremely tasty as well!
Brought my boyfriend to Upstate and he was absolutely impressed with the food. We also waited for an hour and it is really worth the hour wait. Not having a full bar was a thumb down for my boyfriend but I was more annoyed with how our waiter was rushing us through the drink and entrée selection. Regardless, the food was amazing and we are going back for more seafood and beer :)
Great place for happy hour - raw oyster and craft beer pairing 5-7. The seared scallop over mushroom risotto is succulent and leaves you wishing you had more. Squid grilled to perfection. Can't wait to come back.
Absolutely without a doubt the best oysters I've ever had in my life. This place is very small so expect a wait. My friend and I arrived at about 5:30pm on a Thursday night and got the last available table before a wait started. The service was very good. They offer a happy hour of 1/2 dozen oysters and a beer for $12.You can change it to a glass of wine but that up's it a couple dollars, which I didn't like. They do not have a full bar yet but they have a pretty impressive beer selection. As for the menu I would say this is more like a tapas place. You will leave hungry unless you order many dishes. It will add up quickly. If I was in the area and looking for a pre-dinner oyster appetizer and a beer, I would probably be back.
Stopped in here randomly last nite walking home.  They were having their sort of soft launch opening.  The owner and his friends, plus a couple of kiwi girls were enjoying drinks and chatting.   It didn't occur to me at first the name had drawn me in here, and when we got to talking, it turns out all of us - except the kiwis - were in fact from upstate!  Me from Albany, and a couple of the others from Syracuse, and around there.   Enjoyed the chatting, and enjoyed the black as night bitter ale I had.  Will be sure to come back again, once they have operations up to 100%
This place is fantastic. It is small and cozy with a lively atmosphere. If I lived in NYC, this would be a regular spot for me. The owner, Shane, goes above and beyond great customer service. He is a true gentlemen and super funny as well. He offered my friend and I complimentary glasses of wine (Zinfandel) because he thought we'd enjoy it and we did! We ordered oysters (super delicious and fresh), the fettuccine with clams (executed to perfection.. fresh clams with garlic and white wine) but the best dish of the night was the brown rice risotto with seared scallops. The scallops were perfectly cooked which I just couldn't stop eating.     At the end of the meal they give complimentary whiskey pound cake!
We had so much fun here. So many varieties of oysters (they compare "West Coast" versus "East Coast" varieties and they are extremely, extremely, extremely knowledgable); so many different types of beers--we had a selection of oysters, charcuterie plate and the fish of the day. IT was incredible.  Oysters are all selected from the same markets so it astounds me when you can pack so much different flavor into the Oyster--fruity or savory or sweet in these varieties. In addition the staff is incredibly friendly--we had so much fun with the wait staff and they are very knowledgable about the menu. We are 100% coming back!
Love it. Great oysters and beers. Loved the kale squid salad and the skate as well.  Definitely don't miss out on the whiskey soaked cake either... Really good service as well! Yes, it's a long wait, but it's well handled and if you plan ahead for that and go grab a cocktail at Booker and Dax or Death & Company first, it all works out.
Tuesdays used to be unmemorable. In my opinion, happy hours were made solely to make the worst day of the week tolerable. WELL. My weeks have officially been made SO much better since I discovered Upstate. One of my best friends lives really close to this place, so she's been having a hankering to try it out for a long time. My bad day gave her a perfect incentive to finally try this place out: "Jess, let me take you out for Oyster Happy Hour!" I've never had oysters, so I imagined myself dying at the bar after my first time having them (I was having that unlucky of a day, so I wasn't thinking straight). Fortunately our waitress was super helpful in giving me the rundown on the diverse offerings they had for their Happy Hour. She mentioned to try some of the oysters sans cocktail sauce or horseradish to really appreciate the true taste of the oysters. I'm a sucker for things that taste like the ocean, so I automatically fell in love within one slurp. That thought repeated in my mind with every single tasting. The watermelon summer ale I ordered only made my time there even better. Obviously I'll be coming back (hopefully once a week, depending on how my bank accounts are faring). I'm desperate to try every single oyster on the menu.
Came here on a Wednesday night with some friends and had to wait 45 minutes before getting seated.  This place is small so expect a wait.  They'll text you when your table is ready so hang out at a nearby bar while you wait! What we got: Happy Hour Beer & Oyster Special ($12 between 5-7pm) - great deal and you get to try out four different types of east coast oysters! Crab cakes - DELICIOUS Fettuccine with Clams - good Hake Fish Special - very good Mussels - good but wish there was more bread! Whisky Cake - good but the whiskey soaked part was too alcohol-y for me; can't really complain though because it was FREE! Service: Pretty decent service if a little on the slow side. Completely understandable though because this place is packed.
Finally made it to Upstate, and everyone was right- it lives up to the hype. Until 7PM you can get six oysters and a beer for $12, which is a great deal. This restaurant is really small. I would say it sits about twenty people, and then another five at the bar. Keep this in mind when traveling in groups, because Upstate wasn't too pleased when they heard a table of 7 wanted to sit for a birthday. Other than that remark, the staff was very friendly and accommodating- a waiter even went in the back to check an ingredient for me, which was a gesture much appreciated. Our waitress seemed to give good recommendations because the entire party was satisfied with the food. I ordered the linguine and clams, and wow....this is probably the best place I have ever had this dish. The clams were very moist and garlicky, and the pasta was perfectly seasoned with what tasted to be breadcrumbs, olive oil, and some oregano. I highly recommend this, especially for $15. I also tried the crab-cake, which was equally delicious with panko breadcrumbs. At the end, they brought out the whiskey cake with a candle in it for our group, which was cute. Overall, this place is great...definitely come here after work for a drink and some seafood.
My favorite restaurant in NYC. Great food, amazing service, reasonably priced. LOVE this place!
This place is very "branded" upstate in every way (seating, server attires, etc). We had oyster happy hour (oysters and beer) and steamed mussels. I do prefer Flex Mussels for mussels, but will be back to try something else. The cake that comes with the bill was strong! No reservation, Sunday 6pm, 25 minute wait -- not bad at all.
This place is pretty popular and small with a bit of a wait. I waited about 30 minutes on a weekday at 6 PM. I had the crab cakes, scallop with risotto, daily fish special, and whiskey cake. Everything was so delicious. You get 2 pieces of crab cake. The scallop with risotto had 4 decent size scallops. The fish was a decent size piece. Portions are just right and not too small. This is a seafood place and very affordable. Although the menu is quite limited but the food is good. They give you free whiskey cake at the end with a hint of whiskey flavor.
Very much enjoyed the dining experience--service was friendly, wine was good:) Could expand on the white wine selection as this is indeed an oyster bar (though I would personally come more for the scallops than the oysters). Food was blandly seasoned; the only grace saving element was the thorough use of minced garlic w/ the beer and savignon blanc in the broth of the seafood stew--same goes with the fettucini--needed lots of salt and pepper. Some dishes were missing that kick that could easily be saved w/ a dash of lemon juice. Scallops were very tender and pan seared excellently and the risotto that came with it had a lot of mushroom which is very good! Gave 4 stars for the wonderful and cozy atmosphere--very friendly and warm:)!
Not sure why this place is so hyped up. It's a good restaurant, solid for oysters and beer, and runs efficiently, but definitely not amazing. Go early and out your name down and they'll text you when your table will be ready within ten minutes. Just answer and start heading over. We put our name down a little before 6pm and got seated about an hour and a half later, so we missed the happy hour. I think the experience would be better with the hh deal. Otherwise, it's $2.50-$3.00 per oyster. The crab cakes, and scallops were good. But it definitely was not the best quality. The hake fish special and the clam fettuccine were both below par and I didn't enjoy either. The fettuccine was bland, and the fish was just a piece of pan fried fish, nothing special. Our server was pleasant and helpful. The whole restaurant is very small. I would come back for the hh special, but the rest of the food was just very average.
I liked this place! We started off with the tartar (really awesome flavors in there! Ate it all, left little for my date). We also shared the crab cakes, which I found to be flavorful as well.  I had the Fettuccine with Clams - started off delicious! Ended off a tad bit salty. Next time, I'll try something different. At the end of the meal, they're nice enough to give you a slice or two of whiskey cake, on the house. AND .... I just have to say, what's cooler then a restaurant manager who responds to Yelp reviews left by customers? Free whiskey cake, that's what's cooler.
I heard about this place through Thrillist and I'm glad I did. It's a great spot for happy hour oysters. My spot used to be Fish with their red, white and blue special, but now I've found a better place. This place gives you an option of different oysters to choose from and different craft beer as well. All this for only $12. The only thing is that you have to get here early because the place is small and fills up quick. I plan on going back because I bet the seafood is as fresh and tasty as their oysters.
The GOOD: - great parmesan with mussels -good craft pumpkin beer -tasty whisky cake -great happy hour special on oysters The BAD: -the place is TINY, seats under 30 -My 68 year old aunt and I got hit 3-4 times in an hour by the waiters and customers walking. Another customer with a "large booty" almost knocked out drinks to the ground because there was no space to walk. The walkway between tables and chairs makes it uncomfortable when there are a ton of people trying to walk by you. OVERALL: The food is good, but uncomfortable ambiance when getting hit by the waiters/customers due to small location.
Food is fresh as well as great service.
Don't really do yelp reviews anymore but after having my third great meal here last night I figured what the hell. As someone who cooks at a restaurant for a living, I often find it exhausting or uncomfortable to go out to eat at other restaurants. I love the simplicity of Upstate's menu along with their consistent and flawless execution. The oysters are always super fresh and the fish of the day is always perfectly cooked. My wife has an obsession with the linguine and clams and has ordered it all three times we've gone. Definitely don't miss the grilled calamari and kale salad. Service is great and the whiskey cake finishes the meal perfectly. Thanks for another great night.
This place is for someone who loooooves oysters... like my sister. Me, on the other hand, can't eat oysters like I used to because of a oyster-food-poisoning incident. Tragic. So, while my sisters slurped down oysters, I was chomping down on the various cheeses, salmon/tuna tar tar and our main entree, which was a fish, cooked with the most amazing tasting butter ever. Top that with some pumpkin craft beer and man... it was great.
I love seafood. I love places that serve bouillabaisse and this place was great. Came here with two friends on a Friday night after having this place on my list of places to go for forever. Place was packed which wasn't too surprising as it was a 4.5 star yelp rated 2 $ sign restaurant. Our wait was estimated to be an hour but it was more ~30 minutes which was nice. we started off with the South Bay, Hama Hama and Kumamoto Oysters. The latter two were from the west coast and the South Bay was from the New England area. I liked the Kumamoto oyster the best but I'm not really an oyster expert so take it for what it's worth. We also had a crab cakes appetizer which was only decent in my opinion. I've had better crab cakes at places such as Devon's in Chicago. For the main dish I got the Bouillabaisse (go figure) and my friends got the Lobster Bake and  the Seared scallops over risotto. Needless to say we devoured all our food. The lobster bake was served as a 1.25 lb lobster split in two and baked with crumbs some breading. It was pretty good as my roommate wolfed it down immediately after sharing a bite with me. The scallop over risotto was also delicious. As for my dish, I like the bouillabaise they serve here. The broth was slightly lighter than most other places. Usually it's a nice deep reddish color but this one was a lighter red/slightly yellower kind of broth. Don't think the color really matters but it was a nice light but flavorful broth. There were a lot of mussels, clams, 3 really big scallops and a couple pieces of shrimp and fish. I really liked the generous portions of scallops and clams. They were real yummy. The beers here are freaking awesome. We got the Saranac Pale Ale, the Troegs Java Head Stout the 21st Amendment Sneak Attack and the Sea Dog Bluepaw Blueberry Ale. The Troegs was delicious and had a decent punch to it alcohol wise. The Blueberry ale actually had a very distinct taste of blueberries which was surprising! So I'm not quite sure what you have to do to "earn" the whisky cake, but we got the last slices of the night. The cake wasn't anything too fancy looking but it was yummy! I'd say it's like a pound cake spiked with a lot of whisky, which is my favorite spirit so I enjoyed the dessert quite a bit. Would come back!
I went to Upstate with my girlfriend on the chilly evening of 1/19/14. The interior of the place is small, warm and cozy. I really liked the friendly service that we were shown. We had the squid salad for starters, which was nice. BE AWARE: The majority of the dishes at this place revolve around clams, so if you don't like clams, this isn't the place for you. I had fettucine with clams and my girlfriend had some scallops. Both were yummy and moderately priced. Good place for couples, drop on by if you're a clam fan and are in the area.
Upstate! This restaurant is so easy to miss, as it's squeezed in between a hookah lounge and cafe, but thankfully there is a small cute carved wooden sign in the front indicating that I have, indeed, arrived upstate. This place is immensely popular and it sucks how there's always a wait, but that's because of a) their happy hour special, and b) their incredibly tiny dining area. The max capacity, I would estimate, to be around 30 people. A friendly man in a plaid shirt came up and greeted me and at first I thought that was strange until, I realized he was the host. My bad. So yeah, just a heads up, the guy in the front leaning against the door is the host. I was seated within 10 mins at the bar, which was tight, but you manage when you want $1 oysters. We ordered: 1/2 a dozen oysters with beer for $12. Honestly there were like about 7 different types of East Coast oysters and 2 West Coast oysters but to be honest, they all tasted the same to me: slimy and yummy (call me a oyster non-connoisseur). The beer I ordered was a Southhampton ale, which was very light and sweet- perfect for a non-beer lover like me (I know I'm in the wrong place, but you suck it up when you have a beer-loving boyfriend). Scallop ceviche. To be honest, the most disappointing dish of the night. It wasn't bad but I love scallops and I love ceviche, but those two together were not harmonious. The pickled tomatoes were too acidic and detracted from the taste of the raw scallops. Grilled squid salad. Love love love the touch of honey. All the flavors complemented each other so well! Highly recommend this dish. Fish special of the day, which happened to be pollack served with greens and sriracha butter. The sriracha butter should be reason enough to order this dish. The sauce was not even spicy but a really savory creamy butter that I literally piled onto my fish. Mmmm. I felt bad because I asked for at least three extra sides of the sauce. Complimentary whiskey cake- very enjoyable, especially since it was free after our meal. You can def taste the liquer incorporated into the cake. Even though everything on the menu, sans the happy hour items, were quite pricey for the portion, this meal was still very necessary. Don't expect to go to Upstate having a hearty meal, but to have more of a tapa/tasting experience. Will definitely be back to steal the sriracha butter recipe and just about everything else. (just kidding)
It's really hard to find a restaurant you love for freshly prepared seafood. Especially when it comes to oysters. My husband and I had a hankering for these suckers, and I had been curious about Upstate for a while. Went on a Friday night at around 9 PM. It was packed with a line! But they took us in with a table by the window after a 10 min wait. Our waiter was so pleasantly charming and easy-mannered. Charm goes a long way, y'know? The food could have been average, and I still would have felt like I had a great time. Upstate has a GREAT selection of oysters to choose from, and our waiter patiently went through the list with his descriptions and recommendations. My favorite oyster is a small West Coast breed called "kushi" and I was thrilled they had it that night! We got about 6 kinds.. all of them came out at perfectly cool temperature, fresh and clean-tasting, no broken bits, with no unpleasant texture or taste afterward. Now, maybe we were just lucky that night, maybe we just looked extra cute, but our waiter brought out a complimentary plate of kushis! And when we asked for the check, he surprised us with a slice of cake. Enough said. Just come to this place. I haven't tried any of their hot plates yet, but will surely be back for the great service and oysters. Not to mention, I think they have a happy hour special of a craft beer + 1/2 dozen oysters for like 12 bucks or so? Take advantage!
Do yourself a favor and GO HERE. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting for being so chic. The selection of beer and wine is outstanding and is constantly changing with an emphasis on quality (a big reason why I can't wait to go back to try their oysters). Best of all, the bartenders are the greatest guys around. Friendly and funny, they will make you feel at home. Thrilled a place like this found its way into the neighborhood. Good possibility we will become regulars here.
I'm in the minority but I don't understand why this place is so popular? A few of my friends swear by this place for oysters and the such so one night my bf and I put our names down for a table. It was around an hour's wait, the place was completely packed (I think it was a Thursday) but we had drinks at a bar in the area. We ordered: a variety of oysters, crab cakes, the sea urchin and the clam fettucine. Oysters were okay, but they weren't the freshest I've had. Even though we got a variety the flavours were all very similar and subdued. Crabcakes were pretty good. Sea urchin was not good at all! I love uni but this one had a bitter taste, it was just extremely not fresh. I didn't like the pairing it came with either. Lastly, the clam fettucine. It looked great arriving on the table but the fettucine was slightly overcooked - not al dente, the clams were a bit on the dry side and worst of all the entire dish itself was bland. Honestly I feel that they were probably too busy and I went on a bad day, but seeing that there wasn't much else on the menu that I wanted to get, I probably wouldn't come back as the wait is so long. If the oysters alone were fantastic I'd be back for sure!
Ok, so im not a big "reviewer" but this lil joint deserves some good words put in! What i really loved about this place was definitely the $12 happy hr running from 5 to 7 EVERYDAY with a pint of beer of ur choice. U get to choose 6 oysters from a list of like 20 different ones and me and my bf chose 4 different kinds of 3. It was my first time EVER to actually get a chance to taste 4 different kinds in one sitting and it just blew my mind off that each kind tasted quite different from each other. Amazing experience!!! I got to find out that I liked the PEI ones, esp. Beau Soleil! Anyways, the main courses were amazing too. I had the clam pasta, ceviche, and a meat platter and finished the meal with comp whisky pound cake. They were just ALL awesome! I just felt like you cannot really go wrong with this place. Oh, my waitress was super attentive as well. I am definitely coming back for the oysters and try other main courses. GREAT deal, GREAT food, GREAT service and easy on the pocket. Pros: happy hr deal, great good/service, easy on the pocket Cons: small space
I've been coming to Upstate for a little over two years and every time I come, it never disappoints. But before I get to the awesomeness there are two things that you need to be aware of which I think if you get over; you will have a great time. You need to be prepared to wait but it's LES near St. Marks. Just put your name down and they will text you. If you're hungry and getting restless in waiting I'd say stop by Luke's Lobster and grab a quick snack with whoever you're going with (Sorry Shane for advertising another food place). Large groups are tough given the footprint of the restaurant however if you call and let them know ahead of time they'll do their best to accommodate. I'll start with the Oysters. Probably the best selection you can get in all of Manhattan without paying over 3 dollars an oyster. I would say as comprehensive as Aquagrill. Texture, tastes and quality is top tier. The half-dozen and beer for $12 is bang for your buck. Yes people need to stop telling me about the $8 dollar special at other places because it's apples to oranges. I'll pay $4 more any day and pass up the Bluepoint and PBR special. I've pretty much tried everything on the menu but i'll talk about my favorites. To start or to share I would say the crab cakes and salmon tartar is the best. Crab cakes come with a little arugula and honey.  This creates a taste that blends well as it creates a a great bitter sweet taste. I'm a tartar fan so I'll say it's seasoned well and is definitely sushi grade salmon. Followed by the octo salad and whatever they have ceviche. I'm okay with these two but not my favorite. Entrees that I usually if not always get the linguine with clams, scallops with seasonal vegetables and the fish special. The linguine is definitely more on the garlic side but I love it. Scallops are always nicely grilled on the outside on high heat and still soft in the middle. Tough to comment on the fish because it changes seasonally but I would say it's always flaky, never overcooked and fresh. To top it off is a slice of homemade cake whiskey cake. Can't beat that. I usually top off the night with a glass of Rose (which I always get made fun of for but it's a great way to finish the night after 2-3 beers). I love this place and will be going here as long as its around.
Huge fan of Upstate. They are a small place with great food, great service and the perfect ambiance for a date. The bartender was knowledgeable about the beer and they have oyster happy hour (a beer and 6 oysters for 12$!). I got the meat plate and the happy hour oysters as an app, and the linguine with clams as my entree. My gf was celebrating her bday there and the server brought the cake out for her right after we were done with the meal. It was great, thanks Matty! Really enjoyed my time here, I will definitely be back!
Outstanding. There's quite a wait for a table, but the food is well worth it, and a better bet than a table might be sitting at the bar where Shane will let you taste any of the great beers he has on tap. Don't miss this place.
Went last week, just ok, the happy hour deal is a good deal, waited 40 mins and was still able to order one round.  The mussels had sand in it and the rest of the food wasn't very flavorful.  Oysters were good, but I've definitely had better at aquagrill, mermaid, and grand central amongst others.  Staff were hit or miss, some really friendly ones and some with attitude.
We went there as two newbie oyster enthusiasts and one skeptic and got luckily seated at the last available table. I think even the skeptic is delighted with the oysters. Their beer menu is small but quite varied and of good quality. As Europeans not very accustomed to US brews, we did not have hard time to find favorites. To sum it up, the happy hour deal is amazing. We also tried three dishes with scallions, clams and fish. All were really flavorful and decently priced given the location.
I am living in Italy but Fettucini with Clams which i tried here was the best i have ever eaten. Impossible to forget. It was saturday evening and we couldn't find a place to eat in NY obviously, we sat down here at 11.30pm but it was totally worth it!
A mixed bag. Some of their dishes are very good and their fresh oysters are decent too but they haven't quite figured out a theme for their food, making their different dishes a little hard to really understand. Also, there are a few things on the menu that weren't to my liking. Overall a decent dining experience and reasonably cheap.
Was looking forward to grabbing oysters all weekend and finally scored their happy hour tonight. Cannot beat their oyster beer special. Delicious oysters, great beer, and top notch service! What more could you ask for?!?!
I gained some oyster knowledge after coming to this place. With there menu showcasing a variety of different oysters to choose from from different regions. I think I chose about 9 different types of oysters. The craft beer here goes very well with the oysters, and we just so happened to make it for the last part of happy hour which is a deal on oysters and craft beer. I had the pasta dish following the oysters while my gf had the scallop salad entree. A true regional feel with the seafood here that I've never experienced anywhere else. The menu is somewhat limited, however, but if you get lucky and catch a good special you are in for real treat.
This place can rock any oyster any day of the week! Fresh everything! Steve and Chris were terrific! And since moving to Miami, we will be back every time we get back home for a brew andsome happy hour oysters along with the wife's whiskey cake!
Of all the meals I had in NYC, this one is easily my favorite. It was only helped my our amazing server. Extremely knowledgeable, witty and attentive, we were first introduced after I was looking quizzically at a glass trying to assess whether it was dirty or there were just permanent marks on it from being stacked. When they took down my number to call when our table would be ready, I knew I wouldn't finish the drink I would next order. Every time we do this, our wait is well shorter than anticipated and I'm either chugging or abandoning a drink. Every.single.time. First world problems, I guess. Per usual, I was about three sips in when the host spotted me on the patio of the bar next door and waved us in. Upstate is a small and narrow space; simple and woody, comfortable with sophisticated dishes. We were seated at a high top along the wall, across from the bar. It gave us a nice view of the entire operation. We started out with the cheese plate, which came with honey, homemade pickles and other accouterments. The pickles were fantastic with just a little spicy zing to finish them off. The bread they serve with it was also amazing. For my main, I got the Hake with sriracha butter; I was torn between that and the fettucine with clams. While both sounded amazing, the hake was not something that I could easily get elsewhere. The fish was moist and delicious, served over a bed of veggies. The flaky hake was the perfect canvas for the sriracha butter's saltiness and spiciness. The dish may appear on the small side, but it is deceptively filling. The manfriend got the scallop special, also served with veggies. We traded bites and his was equally fantastic. When we settled our tab our server brought whiskey cake for dessert; they don't have a dessert menu, it was just something they had whipped up that evening. Normally, I detest anything with whiskey - I'm nearly certain it's the barrel aging - but this cake was fabulous. The flavor of whiskey was subtle and the cake delicately airy. If you enjoy seafood, I implore you to try this place. It is fantastic!
This is a great place. Hope to come back soon
Why Come Here? Fantastic, roatating selection of microbrews and oysters, casual setting Upstate is an example of a simple concept executed perfectly. The focus, as the name implies, is on a rotating selection of craft beers and oysters. In fact, they don't even have a freezer which means the oysters selection often changes daily. The beers also change frequently among unusual varieties of brews that will give even the most seasoned connessieurs something new to try each time. Throw in the casual setting and friendly service and I could easily come here once or twice a week. However, it would be a shame to miss out on the full menu which also varies depending what's fresh from the sea. While I found everything to be enjoyable, if the house cured salmon is on the menu it's an absolute must order (review below).  My non-oyster picks are below and I'll add any new dishes I try to my DishEnvy page. House Cured Salmon:  This is the best cured salmon I've had outside of Norway - it literally melts in your mouth and doesn't let the smoke and salt overpower the fish. Get it! Calamari Salad:  This dish has a strong char flavor even though the calamari don't look like they've been grilled. The kale also holds up nicely to the squid.
Feeling like some oysters? No need to go far...just go Upstate! Lol. Upstate Restaurant that is by East Village. This small restaurant has some of the most variety of oysters I've seen thus far in the city. Their specialty is seafood so they also have crab cakes, steamed clams, tuna tartare, etc. My friend and I got oysters, the tuna and salmon tartare, steamed clams, steamed mussels, and some spiked pound cake (complimentary).. There was nothing that we had we didn't like. The oysters were juicy, fresh, and sweet!!!...We ordered 10 pieces of oysters then reordered 6 more of the ones we liked the most. I suggest you do this if you are not familiar with oysters and don't want to over order. Quite honestly I liked most of the oysters :) They also offer a long list of draft beer. I wasn't feeling well so we passed. I will definitely go back and try some when I am feeling better. The service was effective but don't expect five star service. But it didn't bother me much. I got my water refilled frequently and table was cleared between courses, but the server was just not that friendly. Oh well... Definitely will be back and will be a regular for sure..
wow. WHAT?!  4.5 stars? get the f*#@$^#$ out of here.  3 stars at best.   this is NOT the best seafood restaurant in NYC.... I've had plenty of bouillabaisse in my lifetime and this just didn't compare.  it didn't even fully satiate my appetite! also was a little under the influence, so everything should taste good right?!  yeah, no. seafood was not as fresh as i'd like...and broth was not as buttery as I had hoped.  therefore, I blame the dish on poor execution.   i would come back here to try the oysters....and maybe give this place another chance. we shall see...
The rating on yelp might be a bit overrated. Our company had the signature salad, long island oysters, the fettucine. I would give it 3.5 stars for the food, 5 stars for the service, and 4.5 for the price. Overall it was a good environment, nice for a lovely walk. But just go to boston or other restaurants nearby for the oysters and clams. More expensive there, but the taste is just perfect. Still had a good time though.
I had the pleasure of eating at Upstate, service was great.. Good energy from the time I entered until the time I left. I enjoyed and understood why they're known for their oysters.  I thought they were fresh.  I don't usually add just squeezed lemon and viola I was in heaven.  I tried the whiskey cake which I never had and that too was very good, not too sweet but you can definitely tell there is kick to it. If it's not broke, don't try to fix it.  a+ on service..
Excellent oysters (insane selection), amazing beer, small, cozy, friendly, fantastic. This is my perfect place.
Sit at the bar. The bartenders are friendly and let you taste-before-you-select the handful of crafts beers on tap. Oyster selection is great, and the atmosphere is cozy. Look to have one of the homemade desserts at the end of your meal.
