There's not much more I can say about this lobster place except that's amazing.  I recently placed an order from Luke's for some coworkers, since i work near there.  And now I'm likes even more at the job than before.  I only wish the rolls were bigger. Will still go here in winter for chowder and bisque too. Carry on excellent work.
Both the lobster roll and the clam chowder portions are -tiny-. The clam chowder wasn't nearly as good as what can be had elsewhere. Overpriced.
SO GOOOOOOD AND FRESH!!! Get the combo (feeds only 1) and eat in this order:crab, shrimp, lobster. You'll be happiest. I can't get over how tasty. Buttery buns. Fresh fish.
Delicious!  Had the lobster roll (with the drinks and chip combo) and new england clam chowder and it did not disappoint.  Total came out to about $27 so not the cheapest, but I did feel pretty full about halfway through the roll and chowder so I'm guessing the roll itself would've filled me up (I can eat a decent amount for my size - one of my male co-workers once told me I ate a lot). Yes the lobster roll looks teeny tiny when it comes out, but there is actually a lot of lobster in there.  I had at least 2 fat lobster claws in mine.
Lobster roll was delicious but I'm not sure it's worth $20 for a roll... this is something you can easily make yourself. They have a variety of different lobster rolls-- maine style and new England style... Maine style is refreshing, but I love the buttery hotness of the new England style roll as well. I would recommend going w/a friend and getting one of each to try.
Really good lobster and crazy good blueberry soda. Slightly overly buttery lobster rolls though and kinda pricy for the amount you get. Still, the flavor is great, could be better with some different sauces but still tasty nonetheless.
My boyfriend suggested going to Luke's Lobster. We went on a weekend, a bit past lunch period and it wasn't exactly crowded, but there are not a lot of seating options. If you have a large group, I suggest not eating here. I would say they can seat 14 people, 8 stools along the wall and one separate table for 6. The choices were also just okay. I liked that we had a "Maine soda"  options. But being able to really only have a shrimp roll, a crab roll, and a lobster roll was pretty disappointing since they were half-rolls and fairly small. Oh, and cold seafood. I mean I liked them, and as only the 2nd time I've ever had a lobster roll (the first one I tried was at Wild Edibles and I liked theirs better), it's possible that they are well above average. The seafood was indeed cooked well. The roll was decent. But because of the portion and lack of variety, it was just boring.
Went  to Luke's for lunch with a friend.  Since it was our first time, we decided to get the sampler aka the Taste of Maine which lets you try their three rolls: shrimp, crab, and lobster.  Crab is my favorite!  You also get one of their locally bottled sodas, chips, and a pickle (or there's another option with beer instead of soda). It got rather crowded not long after we sat down but luckily we beat the rush and managed to sit for a while.  The rolls are generously stuffed and relatively fresh (though my friend and I agreed that the crab tasted the freshest).  You can also taste the mayo, lemon butter, and spices that they put onto each roll which really gives it an extra kick! It's definitely a nice treat and I would definitely plan to come back to this place.  Bonus points that they also encourage recycling, though more and more places do nowadays.
Had the lobster roll and it was fantastic! The only thing keeping me from rating it 5 stars is the size of the place. It's pretty small in terms of it's seating capacity so get there early to grab a seat or plan on take-out. Either way, it's a cool little place with friendly staff and phenomenal lobster rolls!
This is luxury dive dining! The lobster rolls are excellent (my mouth waters as I type) the shrimp and crab rolls are good as well. There are also soups and seasonal options such as clam chowder, lobster bisque, spicy crab soup, lobster grilled cheese and lobster mac & cheese; YUMWOW!!! This would be a great 1st date spot you get a bang for your buck$ and even if you aren't compatible your taste buds have been tantilized ( except if you have seafood allergies, so sad).
Starting a gastronomy crawl in financial district I walked smack dab by chance into to this lobster roll establishment that I had heard about and dreamed of from then on. I've had my share of cape cod roles and indeed many exist and some great ones out on the cape (lobster boy/girl). Yet when I am land lubbing Luke's is my new choice. Yes you will drop some coin for one in this tightly packed friendly shop, but I bet 6 ingredients can make you forget how much you spent: generous helping of perfectly steamed sweet lobster, butter, tarragon powder, salt, pepper, on a delicately outer toasted bun. What else do you need? Certainly not mayo. Note: I am taking a guess on those ingredients.
ELW = expensive & long wait. No excuse for a $20 lobster roll.
My favorite lobster roll in the world.
Luke's Lobster is very pricey for the amount of food you get...but when you think about what kind of food you're actually getting, it makes sense. I got the Taste of Maine, which gave me a half roll each of crab, shrimp, and lobster (along with chips and a soda). Now don't go expecting 3 half rolls to be a sizable meal. Each half roll is slightly smaller than a fist and I definitely was not full after eating everything. That being said though,  the rolls are delicious and absolutely overflowing with seafood. Seriously, the only thing that is going into each roll is pure, fresh meat from the sea. Each bite I took was a mouthful of buttery shrimp/crab/lobster goodness. The rolls themselves are buttery and soft as well, and the mayo and spices they add contribute a nice aftertaste to the meat. Personally, I thought that the shrimp and crab rolls had more flavor than the signature lobster roll, but that could just be me. The store itself is quite small with very limited seating, so I wouldn't bring a whole group of friends to try this place. I love the selection of handmade sodas they have! Try the blueberry soda! All in all, Luke's Lobster is a great place to treat yourself to quick and fresh seafood...but I really wouldn't recommend coming here every day due to the price.
WOW, had the lobster roll and crab roll, nothing but meat on a bun! -1 star only because there was a bit too much butter, I had butter after taste for the rest of the day. I'll ask for butter on the side next time.
Where do I begin? I'm finally back from my extended vacation, days before Hurricane Sandy my adventure began quick!!  After 6 months from bookmarking Luke's, I finally made it! Luke's has several locations listed in NYC and I happen to show up at their financial district area. Upon walking in, I hear "Hypnotize" by Notorious B.I.G? feeling my own swag, the local eatery felt like I was at Fisherman's Warf. Starring at the menu, I gaze on the lobster, crab, shrimp sammiches... What to eat? of course lobster duh?? LOL Friendly staff greet me and I place my order. Can I get the lobster with chips & a water? and I would like the clam chowder. My order took about 10mins, and the results left me at DAM MA, this was good! Chunks of fresh lobster piled my roll with their secret spices. The chowder was oooohhh ooooohhh delicious. Definitely worth waiting for.
Why the lobster roll at Luke's Lobster tastes so good: Butter. Butter. Butter. They take a humble white roll, butter it up, grill it to perfection, stuff it with the freshest, sustainably caught Maine lobster claws, drizzle more butter and put a teeny bit of mayo. It is DAMN good.  But do you see how tiny it is? (or maybe I just have a big head??) that roll is $15.  Definitely worth a splurge for lunch every now and then for you Financial District people, but I wouldn't make it a habit, or your doctor AND your bank account will be mad at you.
Thank you Luke for plopping down this Lobster Heaven so close to my home.  I kinda hate you too, because now whenever I am feeling lazy and don't know what to eat for a given meal my mind immediately dances over to the idea of a rich juicy buttery LOBSTA ROLL.... oh man oh man why!?? Then I either say damnit, I dont need to spend $20 bucks on lunch right now, or... I cave in.  Im proud to say I have still tried to keep "going to Luke's" a special treat. Reserved for splendid weather where I take my SKOONER boat to the waters edge and bask in the sunlight and say, THIS is the good life.   One especially chilly day this spring when the weather dipped low in the 30s I was craving a hearty, savory soup.  It happened to be a Sunday so both the Original Soupman and Hale & Hearty were shuttered in this off peak ghost town twilight zone we call FiDI weekends.   Cue tumbleweed of CA$H blowing by...... howling wind sound effect and some maniacal banker sobbing up in his corporate office.  Off in the distance the chanting of some OWS drum circle contingent can still be heard. Needless to say I was having the most frustrating time coming upon any decent soup within a 15 block radius.   Then that happy angel Lobster that is always on my shoulder cleared his throat and said... what about Lukes?  I bet they have some kinda awesome chowdas down there and YOU KNOW it will be quality... A buttery tear of joy fell down my cheek as I near sprinted to Lukes.  There I not only found their menu mainstay - New England Clam Chowder simmering away in a warm cauldron but also their - Soup of the Day, Lobster Bisque!   It was like music to my ears,  I said I would take both.  Since clearly we were in some sort of soup depression at the moment and I needed to stock up.  The soups are pricey like liquid gold 7 for the chowder, 9 for the bisque.  But oh are they worth it!  One of the best Lobster Bisques I have had in NYC, hands down with GIANT hunks of lobster claw meat (like the kind you get in their rolls).  I will always look to Luke's now for my quality soup on a cold winters day.   SO THANKFUL LUKE HAS COME TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD!!!
Luke's Lobster is the closest you can get to Maine in the Big Apple!  They've got it all, lobster, crab, shrimp, chowdah, you name it they've got it.  To be perfectly honest, the geef and I had been looking forward to coming to Lukes from the moment that we booked our flight to NYC.  One because we LOVE lobster rolls, and two because there was just so much hype around this joint that we couldn't help but get out panties in a bunch (in case you were wondering I wear panties on Wednesdays and Fridays). Since we had just eaten, we decided to go for the taste of Maine, and share, so that we could get a little bit of everything. We figured that if we fell in love with something that we could get a little seafood action to go. Great idea btw (thanks geef) as we were able to sample the shrimp roll, the crab roll, and lobster roll as well a couple Jonah crab claws, a bag of chips and delicious all natural bottled lemonade.  So after having tried each roll my favorite, surprisingly enough, was the shrimp.  But don't take that the wrong way because I enjoyed it all.   Now what truly separates their rolls from others, other than the freshness of their catch, is the way that they grill their bread. Each roll was grilled to perfection, and was nice and buttery just the way God intended, a perfect balance of crunch and pillowy white bread softness! Overall I would say that this place kicks ass and should not be missed.  They have multiple locations throughout Manhattan so finding one should be pretty easy.  My only request is to have a mayo style option for each roll, and while I like that each rolls was simply seasoned (with salt pepper and lemon) to truly bring forth the seafoody flavors, I sometimes prefer a heavier mixture with mayo, celery, and a few herbs and spices.
Luke's Lobster.  Financial District edition. So much butter... yet so delish... Lots of fresh lobster chunks... Wholesome goodness... There are some benches across the street for those that want to sit outside on a nice day.
Holy macaroni. Did you know this was here? You probably didn't know. I'll bet you didn't know. Well, now you know. It's big. It's tasty. It's cheap. THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID. *ahem ahem* The location is a generous size, given the lilliputian proportions of the other Manhattan locations. There's counter seating for around 12-15 people. The fishing gear and related sea accoutrements decorate the bright and airy inside. They were playing a karaoke-able mix of 80s/90s ("Take On Me") and modern ("The Sweet Escape") music. I overheard the lobster makers chit chatting about T.S. Eliot. The lobster roll is what you've come to expect from Luke's: a medium size with lots of lobster piled on and a minimal amount of "extras" (i.e., mayo, butter, spices).  The lobster *smacks lips*...dat lobster dere shore do shiiiiine. At $16 for the roll solo or $18 for the lobster schooner (pronounced "skooner"), which includes the lobster roll, a soda, chips and a pickle, the pricing is better than most lobster rolls in the city. Or at least, lobster rolls that are actually edible (there's a distinction, trust me). They also have crab rolls and shrimp rolls (and their respective schooners) for lower prices. Note that there is an express window from which ONLY lobster rolls and lobster schooners are available. They also have a frequent buyer card (a.k.a. the "lobsta mobsta" card) that they can stamp for every lobster roll you purchase, and after 10 stamps, you get a free lobster roll. I am a fan. I will definitely be back.
Sometimes, size does matter. The lobster was fresh and tasty, but did not make up for the overpriced and undersized sandwich. Definitely did not live up to the lobster roll experience of Portland, ME.
To be honest I was not too impressed with the roll despite how much Hype I've heard and the great reviews here. I got the lobster roll and I wasn't overly impressed. Perhaps it was because I came close to closing so everything was getting wrapped up... In any case I will come back at some point since I'm in the area a lot and try the crab roll (looked good when my friend got it) and try the lobster roll again since I love lobster and am willing to dish out another 17 for a roll. but for now...3 stars
On the hunt for a good lobster roll and since I have never had one from Luke's Lobster before, I was really excited to hear about their latest location opening up in my neighborhood in the Financial District.  We do have an Ed's Lobster Kiosk in Battery Park City, however, I was not a fan.  I have heard very good things about Luke's, so on opening day, we decided to venture here for lunch. I expected long lines during the lunch peak and they were, but there were two lines. One was the Express line that you can ONLY order lobster rolls from and nothing else. This line was almost half way down the street.  The other line went inside the restaurant which is the line you can order everything else and it was surprisingly shorter but to my surprise, it took a lot longer because when we got our food and were leaving, the other line had completely disappeared.   Anyway, what a cute little space. Not a lot of room to sit,only one table and the rest was those high chairs you can sit on but that was very scare too. This is definitely a takeout spot.  Line moved slowly, there was only one cashier but quite a few people working the line in the back.  I thought the cashier was slow.  There was no rhythm to his getting people in and out, so this made for a very slow go.  If you are in a hurry to get back to your office, this would not be the place to go unless you are just going for a lobster roll and nothing else where you can go in the much faster Express line.  I was happy to finally get our food. We got the Schooner combo which consisted of a lobster roll with dill pickle, Vickie's chips and a Maine Root soda for $17.   I found their rolls to be one of the simplest I've had.  Just a toasted bun, not too toasted or buttered and lots of lobster meat with a tad of spices (tasted like Old Bay to me) and very little if any mayonnaise and that's it.  Very very simple.  I thought it was good and they did not skimp on the meat at all. I was glad they also didn't overpower the lobster with mayonnaise or butter or anything.  It was a little hard to eat, because as you can see from my photo, the lobster was overflowing, but definitely yummy.  I would say there is nothing super duper spectacular about it, though.  My bun could have been toasted a bit more, but Luke's is pretty decent and certainly better than Ed's.  I'm glad they decided to open up a location in FiDi.  Good lunch options, while there are a lot of places to eat here, are scarce and Luke's a welcomed addition. 3.5  stars
Expensive?  Yes. Small?  Yes. Delicious?  Abso-freakin-lutely! I'm from California, so I'm no expert on lobster rolls.  All I can tell you is that I enjoyed every single bite of my mine at Luke's Lobster right down to the last crumb and morsel.   The roll is perfectly toasted, sweet and buttery.  It's packed with large chunks of super flavorful, fresh, perfectly seasoned lobster.  To die for! At $15 a pop, lobster rolls are not cheap.  Considering their size, they are probably better suited as snacks.  But I think they are worth it.  Crab Rolls are cheaper at $12, but aren't nearly as good.  You just can't beat the big meaty chunks of lobster. Also tried the clam chowder was just okay.  Could have used more clams and was a tad on the salty side.
SO excited for this Luke's Lobster location in FiDi.  It seems the lunch option expansion in this neighborhood continues to grow, and in the right direction with quality places like Luke's, adding to the infamy of downtown Manhattan, and not just for Wall Street (good or bad), but for amazing, new places to eat!  (Step aside Midtown, it's time to share the spotlight)...   This is the first and only Luke's I've been to, and from what I've experienced, it's clear they know how to work a winning formula.  This location has got a lot of the seaside-harbor, New England charm to it with its smart decor of nautical props and objects, to its lobster patterned fabric chairs (I loved this touch), all within a tightly compact space.  There are some tables and chairs to eat inside, but the heat from the kitchen that stifles up the place should seriously change your mind from enjoying your meal indoors.  On a nice day, it's better to eat outside in a public atrium or park that you might find nearby. I'm not used to paying $15 (lobster roll only) or $17 (lobster roll, soda, chips and a pickle) for lunch, but for a meaty and delicious lobster roll from Luke's, it is worth the occasional splurge!  My sandwich was incredible.  The split-top bun was lightly grilled and buttery without being greasy, and the lobster meat was served Maine style with huge morsels of chilled, fresh and tender lobster with a touch of mayo, lemon butter and Luke's special seasoning blend.  Barely much seasoning on it, but all the while amazing in texture and flavor, it truly was a delicately simple, yet unforgettably perfect sandwich.   Their menu does offer a trio of seafood staples, from the namesake lobster roll, to either a shrimp roll, or even a crab roll.  I'm excited to come back and try these  other options that I haven't had.  They also carry New England Clam Chowder and a "soup of the day" that you can pair along with a half roll.  For those looking for something sweet to end your meal, you have the option of either a classic or blueberry whoopie pie.  I went with the classic, and it was pretty substantial (heavy and decadent) and a bit on the sweet side, but enjoyable nonetheless. 4 stars instead of 5 since they only offer one style of lobster roll (Maine), whereas it may have been a great idea to also provide Connecticut style rolls for those who enjoy that version (warm lobster with butter).  I myself will always love the Maine style version, but it's nice to have a choice like they do at Brooklyn's Red Hook Lobster Pound.
Just as good as other locations, with toasted, buttery rolls overflowing with large chunks of lobster (claw meat, hooray). They had the same chip and drink selection as others (salt & pepper or jalapeño? blueberry or sarsaparilla?) and really quick, friendly service. The express window will definitely come in handy if you want to avoid the out-the-door waits. Seating is limited but can be done if you're willing to wait for it. Otherwise, there are plenty of benches across the street, a few of which are in the shade. My friend from Maine approved of everything inside of Luke's except for the lobster-and-mayo induced stain on her skirt (which comes naturally when the rolls are this full of deliciousness). No more stalking the truck's twitter feed waiting for them to appear in the FiDi. Also, Luke's offers a frequent buyer punch card; buy 10 lobster rolls, get 1 free. I'm well on my way thanks to this location.
It pains me that I'm sitting in my Philly apartment writing a review on Luke's right now. Because I should be in New York, eating Luke's. Right now. Boyfriend and I ordered A Taste of Maine, a combo that comes with three half-sandwiches (one each of lobster, crab, and shrimp), two claws, a bag of chips (we went with Miss Vickie's sea salt and cracked pepper), and a drink (Maine Root root beer - it's fantastic). The combo is $22, pre-tax. A little steep considering the portion size, but well worth it. I LOVE that you can order sandwiches sans mayo. I requested that the crab and shrimp sandwiches not be made with mayo, and Luke's happily obliged. Everything tasted phenomenal.
$15 for a classic Maine-style lobster roll: tender lobster meat tossed in a barely-there mayo, all on a buttered and grilled bun. Simple. Delicious. This is the real thing. Thank you for coming to the Financial District!
Why did anyone not tell me that Luke's Lobster opened up less than a block away from my home over two months ago.   Thanks to yelp I discovered a gem in FiDI! The closest LL has always been in east village and for some reason I never get a chance to go.  So I was met with two very friendly staff members and ordered the Lobster Schooner ($18).  I was flying solo since the husband was away so I grabbed a chair and dug right in.   The first bite is always the one that tells you if it was worth the $.  And YES YES YES! it was.  THe thing about Luke's Lobster that I love is that it's never too mayonesey (yes I made the word up) and it's full of large chunks of Lobster on a simple buttery roll.  Delicious. I dropped a piece of lobster on the table I was eating on (not even the tray) and I shamefully picked it up and put it in my mouth without thinking twice.  THAT GOOD! I even texted my friend and planned my next trip to Luke's.  YUM YUM YUM!
This is the second Luke's I've visited, and to find out that this is a brisk 5 minute walk from my job really made my day. They still make a really tasty roll, but it almost goes without saying: when you over produce something, you sacrifice a little quality. Lunchtime in the district is INSANE. Everything has a line, from the McDonald's and Wendy's, to the local pizzeria, to the food carts. A popular place like Luke's definitely gets busy. I came shortly after noon, so the express window (which only allows the ordering of lobster rolls) was empty. It was pretty busy inside, though, and I think that in anticipation of the impending madness of financial district lunch rush, they rushed my rolls out to me. My wait for the rolls was significantly shorter than when I went to the East Village location, but I think it showed in the roll. Don't get me wrong, it was still delicious and I devoured two of them in one sitting. However, one of my rolls was almost untoasted. The bread was soft and too springy, like a hot dog bun. The one they got right was perfect, though. Come on out to this location, but expect a wait if you're going at a more usual lunch time, and be warned that consistency may falter when it gets busy. Don't worry, I still love you.
I like this location better than the East Village one due to the one difference: it doesn't smell like fish. Taste of Maine! Just a little taste.
About 2 years ago, I got a craving for a lobster roll...and it never went away. At the time I was way over on the West Coast, not good for the craving. But now...now I'm here, here with Luke's Lobster. The first time I had Luke's I shared a Noah's Ark with a buddy - 2 half crab rolls, 2 half shrimp rolls, 2 bags of chips, 2 drinks for $38 - basically we got to try a bit of everything for about $25 pp (w. tax + tip). We had spent a long day walking the city and ate the rolls in this order: - shrimp roll - crab roll - lobster roll Unlike some other reviewers I loved the shrimp roll, it was sweet, bright and so noticeably fresh. The crab roll, however, was bland - in that the crab wasn't sweet or particularly flavorful - maybe I just am used to the delicious dungeness and king crabs we get on the West. The lobster though...the lobstah...oh the lobstah - buttery, sweet, slightly salted and complimented by the lightly toasted bread, swipe of mayo, celery, squeeze of lemon and their "secret spices". Perfect. Of course being lobster and all - it's not a treat I can have everyday (and the roll isn't that big) - but when that craving rears its head, I'll definitely be heading to Luke's.
The latest Luke's Lobster, in FiDi, is a short block away from the south end of the restaurant row area of Stone Street. I tried this particular location two days ago for the first time and their lobster roll was mighty good!  I've been to a few places in Maine, and agree that Luke's is better than most.  However, their rolls have been hit (excellent) or miss (just okay) lately for me.  It probably depends on the particular quality of the shipment they receive.
I just had my first lobster roll from Luke's Lobster and was blown away.  I can't say enough about it.  Simply prepared, a HUGE amount of lobster, not overly seasoned, small simple toasted bun, and no filler.  It's straight-up lobster meat.  Not lobster salad. The place is really cute.  There are a ton of people working there.  I was just there at peak lunch period.  And despite the place being busy, they called me right up to the counter, and I had my order bagged and ready to go literally within two minutes of signing the credit card receipt. Great value, too.  $17.00 for the lobster roll, a bottle of root beer, and a bag of chips.  I am thinking about going back to get another one right now.  As gluttonous as that makes me, I really don't care.   If you haven't already gone and you live in the neighborhood, do it now.  Even if you don't live in the neighborhood! If you are interested in eating there, there is sufficient seating.
Had the lobster and shrimp rolls.  Delicious.  Not very large but packed with lobster and shrimp.  Very filling.  Great selection of unique soda's.  Loved it
$15 for a small, overly mayoed lobster roll? No thank you. It was full of lobster, but the taste was over powered by the spread. I just wanted a pick me up during our time touring through Manhattan, but I was left feeling nasty for the rest of the day. I will not be recommending to friends visiting NY.
Lobster, mayo, lemon butter,  toasted bun. Do you know how good this combination is?! No? Go to Luke's! I was angry at myself for ordering the Schooner Combo (lobster roll, drink, and chips) before reading the rest of the menu on the chalkboard. I guess I was just too excited to think that there would be something more amazing than the lobster roll. But there is. The "A Taste of Maine" consists of three half-rolls (lobster, crab, and shrimp), two crab claws, chips, and a drink. After the first bite of the lobster roll, I was no longer angry. The huge chunks of lobster were cooked just right. The seasonings did not overpower the taste of lobster. All this sat on top of a lightly toasted bun that I would just eat by itself. Oh and Luke's was right outside of the hotel I was staying at for the weekend. Breakfast of champions.
BEST lobster roll i've had in ages. So delicious and the lobsters were really fresh! Tried the crab and shrimp rolls as well but I still like the lobster roll best. The lobsters given were generous and the sauce in the roll was just perfect. The people there were really nice as well!
Luke's Lobster had been on my list of places to try for a while now, but unfortunately I never got the chance to. When they opened one up in FiDi, I knew it was kismet! My home girl and I decided to come here early one day for lunch in hopes to beat the lunch rush and that we did. There were only 2 or 3 people on line with us. The location isn't that big but they do have seating. They have counters lining 2 of their walls with stools and there's one regular table to the right as soon as you come in. They also have an Express Window which is great if you're in a rush, but it's only for Lobster Rolls. The place is decorated with fishing fare. I ordered a Schooner Combo which consists of a Roll (Lobster $17, Crab $12, Shrimp $10), Maine Root Soda, Miss Vickie's Chips, and a Pickle. You're better off getting the combo since the rolls are only $2 less. I got the Lobster Roll. The buttery toasted Roll had a swipe of Mayo, a sprinkle of Lemon Butter, and a dash of their secret spices (if you don't want any one of these, you need to tell them). The large pieces of fresh chilled Lobster were falling out of the roll. It was DELICIOUS! I got the Mandarin Orange Soda and the Simply Sea Salt chips to complete my combo. I am ecstatic that FiDi now has its own Luke's Lobster that I will be indulging in every now and then!
I've tried many Texan versions of lobster rolls, so I have some wacky reference.  This is by far the best lobster roll I've tasted.  They made it quickly and I was able to order and finish it off with a beer in under 20 minutes!  Both satisfying and sad at the same time...I wish I  got more.
It was a pleasant surprise to find that Luke's Lobster's FiDi branch opened up while running an errand on a Saturday afternoon.  I faced a dilemma - having just eaten lunch I didn't know if eating a whole lobster roll and spoil my dinner.  Then again you only live once so I decided to be daring. Well, lay your fears aside, it took about 2 minutes to finish the lobster roll and it didn't spoil my dinner.  The lobster roll is, like Natasha L said, a simply seasoned serving of lobster chunks on a _small_ hot dog bun. The seasoning was decent and the lobster fresh - I just think $15 is a bit much to be charging for what you get. Not the best I've had but not the worst. The quest for the perfect lobster roll continues...
A small cozy place. A peaceful harbor to rest. No complicated menu. No flamboyant decoration. Everything here is easy and simple. Even the taste of lobster, crab, and shrimp roll are as pure as the ocean. And a simple cup of hot apple cider easily lit up ur winter and make u smile like a child.
First off this place is tuck away on south william street, that I didn't notice it until a coworker pointed it out to me. The service was fast and easy. I had the Noah Ark and Iust say It was delicious. The crab, lobster and shrimp it was delicious that couldn't choose which one I liked better. The price is high for lunch (Noah Ark $38) but you're definitely getting what you paid for. This has become my favorite spot whenever im in the mood for a quick seafood meal.
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find a prince.  The same goes for lobster rolls - you have to eat plenty of duds (full of filler like celery/mayo) before you find the real deal.   Luke's Lobster is the real deal.  The place is small (seating for about 12) and has a cool nautical theme (lobster traps, boat fenders). I went with the Schooner Combo for $17 (Lobster Roll, Mandarin Root Soda, Salt & Vinegar Miss Vickie's Chips, & a pickle).  The buttery toasted roll was loaded with lobster meat and I tried to take smaller bites (to prolong the experience).  I wish I ordered two (they are small) because I'm feenin' like Jodeci for more.
When some friends and I needed a place to eat in the Financial District, I didn't expect to find anything interesting to have, until we discovered while searching on someone's smartphone that Luke's has a branch in the area. This location is, like most, fairly small with limited seating mostly counter style against the wall and a few tables.  Some nautical-themed decor but relatively barebones compared to the display in their East Village location.  Primarily built for take-out.  Luckily, if the weather's nice, there is a small public plaza right across the street to take your goodies.  We dined indoors, as it was still early and the place empty.  Counter staff were friendly. Food similar to the East Village locale.  Although I keep saying I'll have their lobster roll, I always end up ordering their "Taste of Maine" half-sized sampler with their excellent, nearly naked lobster roll, shrimp roll, and crab roll.  Not a big portion; if you have a big appetite, you may want to order more, which gets pricey.  But strictly in terms of the food, Luke's makes excellent seafood rolls.  Maine Root beer to go with the rolls. Red Hook Lobster Pound still my favorite lobster roll in the city, but Luke's is a close second.  If I'm in the area, this branch offers a great, if somewhat expensive meal.  And although I'm not sure how long this will last, they actually offer weekend hours, not expected when the primary business you'd think they do here is the Monday to Friday work crowd.
I ordered a lobster roll for lunch.  It was pretty awesome.  The lobster was sweet and fresh and absolutely delicious.   I was not over mayo'd like so many lobster rolls.  It was perfect.  I cant wait to go back and try their crab and shrimp rolls too. Just be aware that they are a little pricey.  $15 for a lobster roll.  But, its LOBSTER.  You get what you pay for.  If it was cheaper I might be a little skeptical of the quality.  This roll was high quality. Definitely try this one!
Luke's is easily the best lobster roll I've ever had. I'm from the West Coast so I may not be an expert, but I can definitely tell good lobster when I eat it. I stopped by for lunch and ordered the lobster roll combo meal. The roll was perfectly crisped, sweet and buttery. The lobster meat was plentiful, flavorful, and fresh.  I loved pretty much everything - no complaints whatsoever. Prices are decent for lobster.  I definitely plan on returning.
I hate to be one of the few nay-sayers, but I have to admit that I was slightly underwhelmed by my hyped up visit to Luke's Lobster.  It was much anticipated, given all of the positive yelp feedback, but there was just something left to be desired. I shared the Taste of Maine ($22) with one other person, which was actually perfect.  Half a lobster, shrimp, and crab roll, two crab claws, a bag of chips and a drink is PLENTY for two people.  I can't even imagine eating a full roll.  The rolls are overflowing with shellfish; you definitely get your money's worth.  For me, the disappointment lays in the fact that a) the seafood was over-seasoned to the point that you could hardly enjoy the taste of the seafood; and, b) that the seafood was ice-cold.  Pardon my ignorance, but I was expecting my rolls to be warmed. The employees are really friendly and the space is cute and welcoming.  Unfortunately, Luke's just didn't do it for me.  It's not something that I would seek out in the future.
The best lobster rolls in New York City!
Luke's is good. But you know when Luke's is exceptionally good? It's when you've acted as a punching bag all morning at work and you need a break. Cue in the lobster roll combo and you shall see rainbows and unicorns. I don't know about you, but I am all for treating my tummy to quality food when life is crazy. Good food grounds me, na means? P.S. I originally took off 1 star because $20 is more than I will ever spend on lunch but $20 sounds just about right when we're talking about a late night dinner at the office...on the company's tab. So I'm tacking on that extra star for all the Corporate America Employees (Slaves) out there! I feel for ya!
Barely a 4, but since the customer service is so awesome I wont give it a 3. My girlfriend and I have been to Eds Lobster Bar a few times, and we are in love. I can eat it forever. She works in the area so I said lets go for it... We got the noahs Ark.. 2 halfs of Shimp, Lobster and Crab. They come with a pickle, paired with a soda and chips. The pickle... Regular as hell... The chip selection is great and so are the Maine Root Sodas. Now the food... We started with the shimp roll, and it was very good.. I am happy they got that right. Then on to the crab roll... TERRIBLE... Bland, boring... Not even the Sriracha could save it. My girlfriend gave hers to me, and of course I ate it... It did cost 41$$ ... And for the main event, the Lobster Roll. It was in between amazing and great. The bread was crunchy, which I love, the meat was sweet and tender, however the seasoning bored me. In conclusion... Eds has my heart... But good job Lukes.
I am not sure if they stopped giving out pickles or perhaps it's just this location sans pickles, but I want to say I am in love with their Shrimp and Corn Chowda!!!! They have a lot more soup options here than their East Village location. Their Haddock Chowda was pretty tasty too, but I prefer my Haddock as an entree rather than a small feature in my soup. I really enjoyed my Shrimp and Corn Chowda - my first time having this sort of combination and it's well worth the trip. Of course, I also got the amazing lobster roll with empress claws!
SO DELICIOUS!!!! I ordered all three rolls: lobster, crab, and shrimp! Just couldn't resist. It only it was much closer to me, I would be all over it every chance I get! The buttery bread and chilled lobster is just right. The shrimp has a littler taste, more crispy given there's more celery. The crab is super sweet. I still like the lobster roll as my favorite. They also have different drinks available that is unique to their shop. I cannot wait to return! The place is very small, so it might be hard to find seating if it is crowded. I went on a weekday's afternoon, so there was a moderate amount of people coming in and out.
**Update** Andrew, the manager of the FiDi location read my review and offered lunch on the house.   Thank you Andrew for the awesome customer service!
Pretty damn good. Like a tourist I got lost looking for this place and when I finally found it was surprised that there was NO ONE inside. The workers were very friendly and helped me order my two lobster rolls. (Yes, I needed help with the order). The lobster roll had huge chunks of lobster, not smothered in nasty mayo and on top a nice cripsy bun. It was simple yet delicious and walking distance from my hotel. AMAZEBALLS
I convinced my coworker for her and I to have lunch here. I was excited about trying it. We got the Noah's Ark combo and my beverage of choice was mandarin orange soda. The rolls-shrimp, lobster and crab were delicious. And the soda was excellent. I am definitely looking forward to eating here again.
Upon hearing that it was my first time at Luke's Lobster, the guys behind the counter suggested I order the "maiden voyage" -- basically their own made up thing, which is just a lobster roll, clam chowder, chips and soda. Best lobster roll I've had (though I wish it was bigger for that price)! The clam chowder was also pretty good. Pretty much what everyone else has been saying. Also, I overheard the guys saying that they read yelp reviews during their off time to see if anyone mentioned them. Well, I think you two are doing a great job! ;)
Travel to Maine in Financial District NY. Loved the places' decor. A small place but so cute. Went in on a saturday morning and was not full so we got great seating ONE -6 seater shared high table. I am a big fan of lobster but had never tried a lobster roll since all the ones I would see were basically a bunch of mayo with hints of lobster in an enormous roll. However, I am now officially a lover of lobster rolls. Small rolls but with so much fresh lobster. Shrimp rolls also great. Will defnintely be coming back. These guys did it right.
One of my favorite places for lobster rolls. Been there many times over the years. Also good potato chips. Haven't tried much else there.
My cousin and our boyfriends have been craving lobster rolls for a while and we came across this place while searching on Yelp. It's a cute little place in the financial district. We tried the lobster roll with chips and beer that cost $20. Because this was a stop on our food trip, I shared the lobster roll with my boyfriend, which was definitely not enough! The lobster tasted so fresh and the butter sauce complimented it. There was also a wide selection of beers and sodas of which the employees offered great suggestions. There are only a couple tables and a long bench by the wall. I would definitely go back here again!
There is always something going on that attracts me to this location. I love lobster rolls. These are pretty legit and for $17 you get a bag of chips and a soda or water bottle. I always tell them to lay off the butter bc otherwise its a little too fatty for me. Ask for the Luke Lobster Discount Card. After a certain number you get, you will receive one free!
Loved loved loved it!  So yummy!  I see someone say alot of mayo?  I actually enjoyed this cause there is not alot of mayo.  The calories in the lobster roll will probably kill any diet, but the lack of mayo makes me feel better about induging in this. The lobster rolls are small, but they are jammed with flavor.  I mean, by far one of the best I've had.  For $17 (or something like that), you can a lobster roll, a pickle, chips and a soda. The crab rolls are my favorite though.  One day when I have alot of calories to spare I will grab a taste of maine.
I tried 40 bucks lobster rolls in boston at a highly yelped place...then I come to Luke's in NY. I am so impressed. The best lobster rolls I've ever had! The staff is extremely friendly too! They let me charge my phone!
I love Luke's Lobster!  Lobster Rolls are awesome, especially when it's hot out! I love Luke's because their rolls barely have mayo on their rolls and they're super fresh. The lobster bisque and clam chowder are also great picks.   A meal at Luke's is definitely not cheap, but I highly recommend this place for those of you who have not tried lobster rolls yet.
Luke's Lobster is a small yet awesome casual restaurant a block from Stone Street. They have lobster rolls, clam chowder, Maine beers, and that is about it. The decor make you feel as if you have been transported to Maine. As someone who grew up in New England and spent summers in Cape Cod, Nantucket, and Maine I must say that I am uber impressed. I don't ever recall having a lobster roll as good as this.
I love Luke's lobster rolls. The lobster is as fresh as it gets without actually being on the shores of Maine. Perfect light lunch with the lobster roll, chips and soda for $20. If you are hungrier, I'd go with the 1/2 lobster, 1/2 crab, 1/2 shrimp roll combo.
I and a couple of friends visited Luke's Lobster last Sunday while on a short tour of the FInancial District. We were delighted by the whole experience! The lobster roll is simply delicious. A perfectly toasted, slightly buttered bun is filled with delicious and fresh Maine lobster meat, with the right amount of mayo, spices, and butter. If you get the meal deal, you receive a bag of chips (salt & vinegar are perfect for the roll!), a pickle and a Maine soda! All too tasty to be true! Not cheap (at 18 usd plus tax) but totally worth it!
Let me just say, I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I'm so glad i finally made it out here. The staff were very nice & friendly! It felt cozy & spacious at the same time... and it was nice and cool too --- and another plus is the 80s music they were playing! SAWEEEEET!!! :D I ordered the Lobster Schooner: lobster roll, pickle, chips, and Maine root soda (i got the Mandarin Orange flavor... SOOOO YUM!!!) --- i could've easily had 2 of the lobster rolls.... but it's ok... they were quite generous with the CHUNKS of lobster they put in the roll. It was SO GOOD :) MmMMMmmm.... i'd be here everyday if it didn't put a hole in my pocket! LOL i'll definitely come back.
Noah' Ark for two please! A taste of crab, lobster and shrimp, oh what a joy. Lets go buffet style, plus get a two drinks, and two bags of chips. If you just want to get one, then choose lobster, just as their name state. This place is very boutique, but the seats and the atmosphere makes it very cozy, and somehow make me feel very western, which I like.
I have always been terrified of lobster rolls (or any seafood rolls for that matter) because it is often drenched in a pool of mayo -- so much that they might as well be called mayo rolls with lobster essence. However, a new light has emerged. Luke's Lobster rolls are absolutely amazing and truly showcase what real quality lobster meat is all about. Even a health-conscious person can enjoy these lobster rolls without the mayo and butter (ask to go easy on the butter), and they taste fabulous with just the right smattering of herbs on top. Also, as a person who generally avoids soda, I gave their Maine soda a go (also Fair Trade Certified), and even that was delicious (tried the Mandarin Orange). Thank you, Luke's, for changing my perception of what lobster rolls should be.
Probably the best tasting lobster roll I've ever had.  Regular sized bun piled high--very generous.  Nothing but big hunks of lobster, light mayo, buttered roll.  Spice and additional butter unless you request without.  Same with shrimp roll.  Great selection of sodas & beer.
For most places in new york, "lobster roll" seems to be syonymous with "soggy bread drenched in butter." At Luke's Lobster, they do the lobster roll right- along with the other seafood options they offer. I started with the clam chowder, which was thick, creamy, and delicious, and then tried each of their rolls and the crab legs with their taste of maine sampler. The rolls were simple- toasted buns packed with fresh seafood that is not drowning in butter, mayo, or seasoning. Basically, they let the taste of the crab/lobster/shrimp really shine- and with seafood this fresh, that's really all you need. Fair warning- upon first receiving your roll, you might think "that's it?!" Don't let their size fool you, they are packed with seafood, and with a side of chips, are just enough to fill you up without leaving you feeling heavy the rest of the night.
i love luke's lobster. we split the noah's ark -- with the lobster, shrimp, crab roll and crab claws.  the pairing of the maine root soda to the sea salt and vinegar chips and rolls is perfect! whoever came up with that idea should get an award. also the perfect meal for a rainy day.
The lobster rolls here are incredibly fresh and melt in your mouth. The roll isn't huge, but you can definitely taste the quality!
Excellente!  Lobster roll: 16.00. Be forewarned it will not fill you up. It doesn't matter though, it's that dang good! I wanted another immediately.
1st lobster roll to ever pass my lips, and it was at Luke's Lobster.  All I gotta say is AMAZING!   We were there on a Sunday so it was pretty quiet in the FiDi, inside the restaurant is clean, small and really chill, they were playing some mellow jazz music which added to the ambiance.  I ordered my $15 lobster roll without any modifications - I wanted it as pure as possible, oy was it good! Basically you get what looks like a hot dog bun but split on the side, it's toasted and buttered, then stuffed with cold lobster tossed in some type of mayo based dressing and sprinkled with seasoning salt.  Just to give you some background, I'm not a huge fan of lobster, I generally prefer crab or shrimp, but I just couldn't pass up the opportunity to have the real deal, and although this was my first (nothing to compare it to) and we weren't in Maine, it seemed to me to be the REAL DEAL!  The lobster meat was sweet and fresh as can be, the bun was soft yet buttery crisp on the outside, the dressing was creamy - there was just enough to complement the lobster meat, and the seasoning salt added the perfect amount of zip.  I can't imagine what a lobster roll in Maine would taste like if one in NY is so delicious. Neither S.B. or the BB had any complaints, all three of us shared one, which was my only regret.  They aren't chintzy with the lobster meat, but it just wasn't enough for the 3 of us to share.  It was my bad for only ordering one thinking I wouldn't like it.  Next time I would try one of each, lobster, crab and shrimp. Yum!
I was in the mood for seafood and was near Wall Street so I decided to stop by here. The Taste of Maine was really good (lobster roll, clam roll, and shrimp roll). I also had the clam chowder and this was ok, nothing special. It did warm me up on a cold day outside.
TBH, i've never had a Lobster Roll before my trip to Luke's Lobster.  i'm trying to figure out why i'm willing to give this a 5 star rating.Perhaps it was the situation or perhaps it the lobster roll was actually super awesome.  I'm going to say it was because the roll was SUPER AWESOME!!! So my friends and I just spent the whole morning out in the sun (95+ and Humid) waiting in line and going to Liberty Island.  So on our way back to lower manhattan we were discussing lunch and the first thing that popped up on YELP was LUKE'S LOBSTER.  I've been wanting Luke's Lobster since my last trip to NYC but just couldn't squeeze it in.  My friends love lobster just as much as i do so it was no brainer.  We walked over (a little bit less than a mile) from the ferry and ordered our lobster goodness. I got the Lobster Roll with Chips and Beer (got a Lobster Ale).  I didn't know what to expect, so when i got it i was surprised by the somewhat small size of it, but the ratio of lobster to bread was crazy huge.  My first bite was AMAZING!  I had no idea the lobster would be chilled and on such a hot day it was oh so perfect.  The buttered toast paired well with the chilled lobster as it gave it that lovely buttered lobster taste along with the perfect texture of the toasted bread and succulent lobster.  Each bite was just heavenly and hit the spot.  All my friends agreed that lobster roll was one of the most impressive things we ate on our trip.   It is a little bit on the expensive side, but a nice cold beer, a bag of miss vickie's and a Luke's Lobster roll made a perfect lunch to just kickback on after a draining morning.
Got the Taste of Maine here. Delicious!!! My favorite was the lobster and crab roll. The shrimp was just whatever. Tastes even better with some sriracha hot sauce! Yummmm!
Closed for remodeling. Wish i would have known so i wouldn't have wasted my time. Disappointed for sure.
Lobster Roll!  Lobster Roll! Lobster Roll! Lobster Roll! Lobster Roll! Lobster Roll!
Very nice and cozy place run by nice and kind people. Soup and rolls are amazing!! With kids, order the grilled cheese with chips :) New England Chowder GOOD Corn and shrimp soup Good Lobster Roll V GOOD
Best lobster roll I have had since my trip to Acadia National Park. BIG chunks of lobster, nice owners and great location. I would definitively recommend it.
What I got: 1/2 Lobster Roll (no mayo) What I thought: I am a lobster purist and all I need is a bit (or a lot) of butter and salt with my lobster to make me happy. Luke's Lobster in the Financial District is exactly that. Since I wasn't starving, I opted for the 1/2 lobster roll and requested it with no mayo. They kindly obliged and served it to me within a minute. The lobster was perfectly cooked, firm but not overdone and chewy. The butter and spices complimented the flavor of the lobster nicely and the buttery top loading hot dog bun was the final touch to create the perfect snack. The only thing that could have made it even better was if the lobster was served warm (a la Red Hook Lobster Pound), but since the butter was warm, it helped to warm the lobster slightly. Overall, I would definitely come here again, and order the same (a full one if I am more hungry). Just looking at a pic alone makes me crave another!
I came to Luke's Lobster last Thursday with my coworker for lunch. I've been meaning to try Luke's Lobster since I work in the area, but never had the courage to since it's a bit expensive. It is $15 for a lobster roll and about $17 for the lobster roll meal that comes with chips and a drink. And that's before taxes. It is a small little place with 2-3 guys working there. All of them are very nice and funny and helpful when we asked questions. I just got a lobster roll. And to my surprise it was kind of small for the price. It's about the size of a hot dog bun. I must say though, the bun/bread is pretty good. Not sure what kind of bread it is. And there is a good amount of lobster in the lobster roll with a bit of mayo. However, it is not as good as the lobster roll I had when I was in Boston. That was the first time I had a lobster roll and it felt amazing. When you get the lobster roll to go, it comes in a little small white box that holds the lobster roll together nicely so it doesn't fall apart, which is convenient. It tasted pretty good. I would come back here again when I feel like splurging for lunch...LOL!
Although very small. They do put a healthy amount of lobster meat into the bun.   I had very high expectations coming here. maybe too high and i was a little disappointed. Things its good for.  A nice tasty little lunch. chances are you wont leave full off of 20 dollars.  But they do have some pretty great beer. Main micro brews.  + lobster roll = mini vacation for your mouth. I didn't like the thin coating of mayo on the lobster meat giving off a gelatinous like appearance was somewhat unattractive.  Looked like it was pre brushed on and it had started to dry out because i could almost peel it off. (I am not one to hate on mayo)   other ingredient are fresh chunks of lobster meat.  including whole claws.  I see the lukes lobster truck delivering to the store every morning. I must come back here and when i do i will order it with no mayo.. just fresh tasty delicious lobster meat.
This is truly the best lobster roll I've had. Better than anywhere in New England. They use only meat from the claws, with the perfect amount of seasoning not to mask the flavor. The bread is very fresh and toasted just right. While the sandwich looks small on first site, it's definitely sufficiently filling.
Wow, I've only had a few lobster rolls in my day. I'm not a fan of mayo & celery, which was in the others. But having a mother from the Land o' Lakes, I love my butter, and with large chunks of lobster with just a little butter in the roll, and not much else, these are tasty, tasty, tasty! Wish I had had time to try the soup. Took much longer than I expected to make a couple sammies, but no loss of stars for the high quality. Claw your way to this place & treat yourself to delectable goodness!
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) Extremely quick service 2) Polite staff 3) Awesome specially-brewed sodas from Maine 4) Whatever bread they used for the rolls was amaazing! Soft, warm with a teeny bit of crunch but just enough to hold all the ingredients together. Cons: 1) Pricey and didn't live up to expectations ($17 for one lobster roll...is not worth it) 2)The flavors were bland...I expected some delicious, rich flavor, but really it's just simple lobster, crab or shrimp with a bit of some spice on roll...No rich flavors or anything...granted the aim may have been to let the seafood speak for itself...but to me it tasted like damp lobster on bread 3) Spent $30+ for the Noah's Ark ...left feeling hungry and (i'm not fat...i'm less than 5 ft 2" and I could eat another order of that...call me out for gluttony but still not enough and for the price hmph) 4) Again I wish there was more to the lobster mix, like maybe some secret ingredients, mayo mix, spices, celery I dunno...Not just boiled lobster salt and pepper and bread Ordered: Noah's Ark: small sub lobster, small sub crab, small sub shrimp, with soda and chips
First off, i take it it's a bit unfair for me to rate this place right after i took a trip to Portland, Maine, right? This place often comes up whenever talks of best lobster roll in the city debate arises. The lobster did not taste as fresh as the lobsters I had in Portland (i know.... very unfair), but the buttery bun makes up for everything else... i have to say that the lobster rolls are around the same price in Maine, except for the fact that it's TWICE as large. I had Red Hook a few weeks best and could've sworn it was slightly better (although i was starving all day and wolfed it down fairly quickly so whether i actually tasted the lobster was up for debate) Hopefully i can give a fairer comparison once the nostalgia of fresh off the boat Maine lobster has died down.
I don't know why it's been so long for me to review this place. Luke's is questionably one of the best lobster rolls in the city.  Well that is if you like this style of lobster rolls - lacking mayonaise and doused with bay seasoning and celery. I thought the shrimp roll was kinda weak.  Their crab roll was good though.   yeah not much else to say- but GO NOW AND EAT
My boyfriend & I stopped here after visiting the 9-11 Memorial. Took us a while to get here by foot, but finally found it! Such cute nautical ambiance, which I really loved. We shared the Taste of Maine sampler. My favorite, of course, was the lobster roll. Next time I would just get the lobster roll alone. Delicious flavor & a good portion of lobster on a buttery bun. The blueberry soda was also good.
This little joint serves up a few lobster and crab sandwiches in the spirit of good ol' Maine cooking.  Add a bag of chips and a pickle spear to make it a meal.  Very good quality although if the sandwiches were a bit bigger I wouldn't mind (and I'd be willing to pay-up for it as well).
My coworkers and I are SO GLAD this place opened up downtown! Love their lobster rolls. It's a bit steep for lunch ($15 for the roll, $17 for the comb including chips, drink and a pickle) but absolutely fantastic. I used to think $15 was a lot for a lobster roll, but when you see the quantity of meat and consider how much lobster is per pound, it's a pretty good deal. They serve high quality, fresh, large lobster pieces on a toasted hot dog bun. You can also alter the healthy factor by specifying whether you'd like butter, mayo and/or spices. Another perk -- Maine root soda!! Fantastic stuff. I especially love the ginger soda, but be beware if you're not an absolute ginger fan... it's powerful stuff. There's only 1 larger table that seats 6, so try to come before noon if you're trying to snag it on a weekday. All the other seats are bar style along the opposite wall and window area.
A veritable lobsterfest for your mouth.  Luke's lobster roll is a lotto lobster, some lightly toasted buttered roll (aka fancy hot dog bun) and a dash of mayo.  No celery, no filler, no nothin' else.  Dunno how much of a lobster is in that roll, but somewhere in the deep blue yonder crawls a crustacean without a claw and most of its tail.  Take a bite and you taste mostly lobster and a little roll.  Chomp on a chip or pickle to mix in some salty flavor. Get the schooner which includes the lobster roll, chips, pickle and a genuine Maine root soda.  Eat in or take out.  At $19.60 including tax for the schooner it's not exactly daily lunch fare but on a nice day go sit on a shady bench across the street and you can almost hear the seagulls
BEST lobster roll in NYC simply because I'm not a big fan of mayo and their secret ingredient is incredibly satisfying. The mayo-lobster at Pearl's Oyster Bar is pre-made, but here I can request no mayo. The secret ingredient is so much better than mayo. For those who think this lobster roll is too "bland," you haven't discovered the red claws next to every napkin box. For $1.50 more, you can get a combo that includes a bag of Miss Vickie's chips and Maine Root Soda. I thank this establishment for introducing me to this soda brand; I have been obsessed with it ever since. The best flavors are mandarin orange and blueberry. Since the service is so quick, there's always seating space. The staff is very friendly and the decorations are fun. This place is just so chill. I've also had the shrimp roll and Taste of Maine here and it's really good as well. But why settle when you can have full Luke's Lobster rolls? :)
To say that lunch options are pretty atrocious in FiDi is an understatement, you HAVE to go near Stone St. area to find anything good and I am happy its been getting better recently. Luckily this is right near by. Love Luke's and I'm so happy they're here. Soups, rolls, everything is always on point. Yes it's pricey, but it's lobster and they're not cheap. I could do with slightly less cartilage meat at times, but whatever, I eat it.
If you've never had a Lobster roll, this is definitely a good place to start. It probably isn't the best i've ever had, but its top two in NYC. Anything with that much butter on the roll must be good. Be warned that its slightly pricey for a sandwhich... but it has a lot of fresh lobster so its justified... you are also in NYC so get used to these prices.
I agree with the masses, Luke's Lobster is the best in NYC.  I just had a Red Hook Lobster pound roll and it left me wanting Luke's. Yes lobster is pricey but it comes with the territory!  Small seating area but quick turnover and a kitsch interior makes you want to eat in.
4.5. We wanted to try EVERYTHING so.. we basically did. Ordered a lobster roll, crab roll, clam chowder and the seafood chowder. lobster roll - good, big pieces of lobster on a nicely butter toasted bread. personally i think it could use a hit of lemon. but overall, i thoroughly enjoyed it and it's one of the best lobster rolls i've had. crab roll - same type of bread as the lobster roll stuffed with shredded crab meat. While it was refreshing (limited mayo), i think i prefer the lobster roll instead but my friends loved this more. clam chowder - not too heavy/creamy so it was good. seafood chowder - reminded me of a mix between new england clam chowder and manhattan clam chowder. it had shrimp, lobster, potatoes, etc. it was very very good and not too heavy. shockingly, siracha hot sauce kicks it up a bit which made it taste even better.
I've had the lobster roll several times so basing my review on that. One word to describe it: FANTASTIC! I've had lobster rolls at other establishments and they were either loaded with mayo and/or lacked lobster--the main ingredient in a lobster roll. At Luke's--it's just perfect--right seasoning, lots of lobster and not sopping with mayonnaise. People are friendly, food is great--what's not to love? This location is quite small so not accommodating to eat inside as it is mainly takeaway.
OMG!  You know it's good when I start my review with an O-M-G! I was craving an amazing lobster roll after my not-so-amazing one in Montauk. I discovered Luke's Lobster after a friend checked in on Yelp. I saw the nearly 5-star rating on Yelp! and wanted to check it out. Let me tell you, LL earns every one of those five stars. You've got to get the lobster roll!!!  A generous serving of lobster chunks served on a toasty yet fluffy buttered roll. The lobster isn't overly mayo'd up and is nearly in its raw form. The roll is the perfect companion to the lobster.  At $15 (plus tax) the price is reasonable. Their lobster roll was so orgasmically delicious that I made the trek from midtown to Luke's downtown two days in a row!! If you're in NYC, you've got to make a stop (or two or three) to Luke's for their lobster roll!  I will definitely be back on my next visit to the the city.
i've found a lot of "highly-reviewed" restaurants on yelp to be overrated but luke's does not disappoint. if you're a fan of fresh seafood in between two crispy, butter-infused buns, you will undoubtedly be a fan of this AMAZING spot. my mouth is watering as i write this...
I visited couple times now. I have not seen any tails. Just craws. But it is still good. I know now to order lobster roll only.
Seriously the best lobster roll I've ever tasted. The ambiance is great, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the food is just amazing. Love it!
It doesn't get much better than this! FRESH lobster meat seasoned with butter and a tad of mayo on a delicious toasted bun? Yes please! The NE clam chowder is also amazing - creamy (not watery) and quality clams. Staff is very friendly and atmosphere makes you feel like you are on vacation in Maine during the summer.   A "must" if you live/work in FiDi!  Parallel to Stone Street.
The fillings of the rolls were not overly sauced, which I very much enjoyed. We got the Noah's Ark special, consisting of: - a shrimp roll: I thought the flavoring worked the best with the texture of the mini-shrimps. - a crab roll: my boyfriend's favorite, since it was the least messy to eat. - a lobster roll: this was one of nearly-infinitely-many appetizing ways to enjoy lobster, but I think the quality of the lobster used could have been better chosen. - 2 bags of chips: of course we went with Miss Vickie's chips (Jalapeno; Sea Salt). - 2 sodas: we got a ginger brew and a blueberry soda, yuuuum! - 4 crab claws: a little too frozen, and the least enjoyable part of the meal. A delightful feast for the price ($40ish) and the chips were great takeaways! (Living in Tanzania for the past 3 months has replaced the phrase "to go" with "takeaway" in my brain.)
This place never fails me. Great, friendly service. Fresh lobster stuffed to the brim on a perfectly warm buttered and toasted bun with a little smack of that special powder stuff they put on top. Paired well with Cape Cod chips and an ice cold Maine Root soda (may I recommend the blueberry soda?) On our most recent trip, my brother and I shared the Noah's Ark. Half a lobster roll, half a shrimp roll, half a crab roll, bag of chips and soda per person - the Noah's Ark is for two peeps. My favorite is the lobster followed by the shrimp and then the crab coming in third. Crab was the only one that was "okay" and not "SOOO AMAZING" We even had a whoopie pie and you would think it wouldn't be that great - nope, it was equally good. Get one while its cold! It was my brother's first time and he seriously won't shutup about it. And to top it off, they have a loyalty card! Whoot whoot. I like businesses who treat their loyal customers well also known as ME.
Small but seatings available. I got the combination option (lobster, crab and shrimp rolls w/ chips and soda) and all of them were delicious, lobster being the winner! They have happy hour for beer ($4 from 4-7) and they have allagash and some ipa selections. I heard this location is way less crowded than the other luke's and is only a couple of blocks from my house so I will def frequent this place :)
my favorite lobster roll in the city!
An essential while dining in NYC, this casual restaurant is nothing short of providing simple but fantastic food and service. For first timers, go for the Taste of Maine. My personal favorite is the Lobster Roll. It's a little pricey but its quality meat.
Delicious Lobster Roll, lobster Grilled cheese, clam chowder, and Root beer. Only drawback is that it can be pricy for a quick lunch, for a vacation spot... it's worth it.
The roll is actually pretty small. We had a two person combo sharing by three... we regret immediately as it is only able to fill two though all of us have a very tiny appetite. The roll tastes good though, looks pretty fresh. Soda is fancy here, though tastes just like normal Fanta and Sprite haha. Enjoyed it!
I had a half roll with full soup plus chips and drink for $18. LOBSTER ROLL: Heavily buttered roll really hits the spot, but that was the only redeeming factor. I wasn't a fan of the lobster quality. I couldn't really taste the lobster. For a $18 lunch, I wasn't a real big fan of the bag of chips as a side. SHRIMP CHOWDER: This is basically a New England style clam chowder with shrimp. There was plenty of shrimp, that was great. But I didn't think the chowder was very flavorful. It was creamy and thick, but no kick. COMING BACK? I won't initiate another visit. Maybe only return to accompany someone. RECOMMEND A TOURIST? Not really noteworthy place to take someone or recommend.
This was our first lobster roll experience.....SIMPLY AMAZING. The size of it was a little underwhelming when we first got it, but the taste was exceptional. The toasted and buttery bread delicately cradled the nest of the lobster meat. This was definitely one of the highlights of our trip. We each had one and ended up ordering another to split and came out delightfully full. They had these nice Maine sodas available too that were good. It is a bit pricey for a sandwich but we dont have much of a comparison with other places for the going cost of a Lobster Roll. All in all, definitely worth it...was thinking of trying the crab and the shrimp roll too but the lobster was too good to pass up. Lobster Schooner (comes with chips, soda, and pickle) - $18 Lobster Roll - $16 Water - $1
The food is DELICIOUS! The staff that works here is amazing and customer focused. I had been to the upper east location before - this was our first stop at the FiDi location. Couple of blocks away from where we live (just to far to get delivery). The people at the bar were friendly, cheerful and making sure all people waiting for their food and enjoying it, had a great interaction with them. In the conversation, it became apparent that we had to do a 10 minute walk back home before we could attach our rolls. The great guy making our order proposed to put sauce on the side and explained us how it would improve our experience. Love that kind of attitude and passion for quality. We indeed had the best! Great rolls, fresh warm bread, fresh lobster, crab and shrimps. The choice of drinks and chips is excellent. I think we have our new default food for whenever we need something good and fast. My loyalty card will be filled up fast!
Yummmmmmmmm.  If you work downtown and like lobster this place must make its way into your rotation. The line moves pretty fast. It's expensive but oh so delicious!  I recommend the "Taste of Maine", blueberry soda and the grilled cheese!
I had Luke's Lobster bookmarked as a recommendation from one of my fellow Yelpers.  You walk into this establishment and it feel very much like you were transported to Maine.  I ordered the lobster roll and loved it!!  I find lobster rolls to be hit or miss, and even with the misses you pay an arm and a leg.  At Luke's, for a lobster roll you pay $15, which I think is a fair price.  They season their lobster with butter, mayo and spices.  Then it's piled high on a warm, toasted, chewy bun.   The staff is super nice.  We were given recommendations and felt very welcomed to dine-in.  One of the employees even showed me to a outlet to plug my charger into. (This is how I am able to write this review right now.  I have battery.). If you want a quick bite and are able to splurge a little, I highly recommend Luke's Lobster. Overall, I had a fantastic experience at Luke's Lobster.  Five stars!
Awesome tasting food!  Both the lobster roll and the crab roll were fabulous!  It's is definitely pricey considering how small the sandwich is.  I could easily eat two or possibly even three if I was really hungry.
Went there a few days ago and really liked it. Small amount but good food. Really liked the place, what a punch. Def recommend this place!!!!
I'm not a huge fan of lobsters but for some reason that day I wanted a lobster roll and I was lucky that I was in the area. After reading other reviews, I strolled in and I was impressed by the freshness of the lobster. The quality really shined and the bun complimented the lobster well. I also loved the pairing with the ginger ale. It's a small place but I love that there's just a line and there's no waiting service. The staff was super nice!
The lobster roll itself was very tasty (on the small side and expensive). But, we got the taste of maine, and the other two sandwiches (crab and shrimp) were not that great.  the drink selection is pretty cool (not the standard coke or diet coke).  Review would have been four stars just based on the lobster roll. Just FYI - this joint is tiny!  Plan on NOT getting a table and getting your food to go.
Very happy that if I feel the urge to treat myself, I can have lobster roll anytime for lunch!!  This is just blocks from my office, and I've been wanting to try the UES location forever, but now I don't have to! Yes, $15 for lunch might be slightly pricey, but honestly a lobster roll even up in New England is gonna be like $12.  So a $15 roll in NYC in my opinion isn't terrible at all.  It looks small, but actually I found that there was a lot of meat.  Just a small amount of mayo and a sprinkle of delicious spices on top without overpowering the lobster itself.  It was really tasty!  The roll was buttered and toasted.  mmmm...  I do wish the roll had more buttah though! I had had Ed's lobster roll just a few days before, and I think personally Luke's was better.  If you're more of a lobster purist, you'll like Luke's better too.  Ed's had more mayo mix, which I thought I would like more, but it surprisingly didn't have much flavor.  The roll was better buttered and toasted though. So overall, I definitely will be back for more lobster roll, and also to taste the crab and shrimp rolls as well.  The express window serving only lobster rolls is convenient and helps things move along during peak times nicely. This could be dangerous!
I tried all 3 rolls. They are really good and fresh. The buns are soft, buttery, and warm. Pairs perfectly with the cold seafood. Service was great and fast. There was seating inside the place but I sat outside.
Treat yourself to an ohhhhh-so-delicious lobster roll!  Especially on a nice day- you can take out and eat on a bench across the street.  These lobster rolls are perfect and addicting!   Lots of fresh lobster meat, savory buttery yet crispy bread, and most importantly- light on the mayo.   Two words to describe my lunch at Luke's: perfection. addiction.
This place is ridiculously good!  A little on the pricey side for such a casual restaurant, but you get what you pay for.  Every time I walk in here, the staff is super friendly and the food is always fresh.  Since you're probably going to spend around $15-20, I would suggest getting the Taste of Maine, where you get to try all three rolls (lobster, shrimp, and crab). It's not something I would order every day, but it's definitely worth the splurge once in a while.
Awesomeness, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE great people making great and simple food
I guess now that I've reviewed some of the Lobster Roll competition, it's time I write this review for Luke's.... As I've said before, I lived in New England for many years and I've had some pretty amazing lobster and lobster rolls. Maybe I'm a tough critic because of that, but I wasn't blown away by Luke's. It's decent in my opinion, but not worthy  of the tremendous amount of hype it gets.  Their lobster roll is puny for one, and while the bun is nice, crisp and buttery, I found the lobster inside to be not that flavorful. The only real flavor I could distinguish was the delicious buttery bun and the seasoning they put on top. A couple times while eating there I even had the thought that what I was eating had been frozen for a while and thawed.   There's also the issue of consistency and maybe that's the problem. One roll I had here was much better than the others, but still I feel like overall it's just ok.
I have eaten here twice and the first time I had the crab sandwich and I just had the lobster sandwich now. They were both good but I remember the first time being better. I also just had the New England clam chowder and it was pretty good... I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.
Try the combo. Love their lobster roll! So yummy. The best roll in NYC. Definitely worth a try.
This was heaven! We got the Noah's Ark, 1 half lobster roll, 1 half shrimp roll and 1 half crab roll chips and a drink for two people. The lobster was the best of course, crab was pretty close though! Shrimp was ok, the nature of shrimp makes it so it doesn't absorb the mayo and spices as well as crab and lobster. Bread is wonderful - buttery and toasted to perfection. Yum, yum.
Yum, yum and yum!! And healthy/organic yum!!  Small space and New York style seating, nice and close.  My husband and I split a lobster roll as a small snack. I had the gluten free bread and he had the regular bread.  My gluten free bread was very good.  The lobster was innncredible!!! We added the siracha to our rolls because it was on the table, great addition!!  Organic beers and sodas and kettle chips.  Great place!  Can't wait to eat here again!
Liked the sandwich but I think Ed's lobster makes a better job than these guys.
Love their lobster roll; the crispy, buttery bread and fresh lobster meat make their rolls the next best thing to the ones I've had in Maine and Boston. So far, definitely the best I've had in NYC. Unfortunately, I had to knock a star off for the steep price and tiny portion. The size of their lobster roll is really like half a roll and for $15 a roll, it would take 2 orders to fill me up, even with the combo for chips and drink. So, it can definitely get pricey for everyday lunch, but I'll definitely be back every now and then if in the area.
Stopped by in the afternoon to catch a late lunch.  There was only one other person there which was nice as I expected a line due to the ratings.  I got the combo with the shrimp, crab and lobster.  They were all pretty good, but not outstanding.  I've had much better rolls in the Cape/Maine.  Unfortunately the portion sizes were very small and I certainly expected more for the price.  However, the lobster was solid and they didn't overdo it with the mayo which is nice.  Check it out if you're in the area.
So glad Yelp led me to this place! Ever since vacationing in Maine, I've been kind of obsessed with lobster rolls. I strolled into this place at a perfect time...5 pm. Why so perfect?? Well, first they have a happy hour where all their craft beers are $3. Can't beat that. Second, the place was pretty empty so I was able to quietly enjoy my roll and beer, and I did not wait in line. :) Now the roll. It was a little smaller than I expected, but it was packed full of big lobster chunks. The lobster did have a sauce, seasoning, and some butter, but everything was light and perfectly balanced. The lobster peices were completely intact, not overly beaten by mixing, and it had a nice texture to it---plump, al dente-ish, juicy, etc. I don't know a ton about lobster, but it tasted super fresh to me. I LOVED the powder seasoning over the top of the roll. I thought the price was a little spendy ($15 for lobster roll only), but since it was fresh, excellently prepared, and delicious, I can get with that price! If you go at happy hour, you can get a roll, beer, and chips for the same price as a soda combo ($18). That's a meal deal to me! Oh yes, and the staff were super friendly.
Fresh, light and delicious.  The rolls are buttery and soft.  The meat/seafood is not bathed in a mayo/creamy sauce which is nice.  However a single roll will likely not fill you up, but so delicious. Tried the taste of Maine, and on separate occasion, the crab roll (my fav).  Staff are laid back and reasonably friendly.  Would recommend and will definitely be back.
Ok, so here's the story with Luke's Lobster. Nothing I've had here is BAD. It's just a very weak and drastically overpriced version of New England seafood. Everything is tiny and the flavor is good but not great. A shrimp roll that is a few tiny shrimp on a small hot dog bun...some lobster on a hot dog bun...unless you are so desperate for these items that you just can't bear to wait until you're elsewhere in the country (maybe 2-3 hours northeast...), there's really no reason to come here.
Came here for lunch the other day, wasn't that busy. I tried the Noah's ark with my friends, and we both agreed that the lobster roll (half) tasted the best, followed by the crab, with shrimp being the least memorable. I was a bit surprised though that all the meats were cold, somehow I had come go expect the meat to be warm and it would have been much more yummier. I loved the blueberry soda from Maine so much that I had to buy another one for to go! Staff taking orders there was all friendly, so that's another plus.
I was thinking of giving this a 4.5 star rating because of the high prices of the rolls, but the lobster was so fresh and seasoned so perfectly. And they were not skimping on the amount of meat in the roll, the same goes for the clam chowder! If I lived in NY and was worried about pinching pennies and wanted to come back regularly, they have a loyalty program to help offset the costs. Great idea! Worth every penny and great enough to come back again and again.
I'd been hearing rave reviews about Luke's for months and finally on one my last days at my old job, rounded up my coworkers to go here.  We were not disappointed. If you're going to spend around $20 or more on lunch,  this is the place to do it.  Like everyone says, the lobster is so fresh and the rolls are not weighed down in a bunch of other crap like too much butter or mayo.  Just pure, fresh Maine lobster.  To me, the rolls were just the right size, not too big of a sandwich that leaves you overly full. I got the lobster roll (comes with soda chips & pickle) for $17 but one of my coworkers got the "Taste of Maine" for $22.  For just $5 more, that has 3 half rolls of (shrimp, lobster, crab) and 2 crab claws, so that seems like a better deal. I expected a long line and a hassle here since this place seems to be so popular, but at 12:30 on a week day in the financial district, the line was quick and service was excellent.  (Can't speak for the other locations.) I knocked off a star for the lack of seating (trade-off for an authentic, small "lobster shanty" ambiance) Check out my review of Luke's for GoodLifeReport.com: goodlifereport.com/dinin… (Also includes a list of all the Manhattan locations)
I was REALLY looking forward to eating a great lobster roll.   I REALLY wanted to go to Red Hook Lobster Pound but I was TOO far away.   The roll was smaller than I expected. I had to take it to go because my husband and son didn't want to eat here.  *sorry* They got burgers and fries in the pub area. We joined them there. I gave my husband a bite...he said it was good. Me...I was wishing for some hot sauce to go with my roll. That would have made it better.
I've eaten lobster rolls along the whole of the New England coast from Camden, ME down to Greenwich, CT, and have to say that Luke's is one of the best I have ever had.  This was quite a great surprise considering it's not in Boston, Providence or Portland, but in NYC!  It's got the correct top-loader roll, toasted on the outside, loaded with big chunks of tender claw and knuckle meat, held together with just the right amount of mayo, has a little drawn butter drizzled over the top, and sprinkled lightly with celery powder.  Perfection in a bun!   They have great Maine micro-brews and sodas, as well as very solid NE clam chowda.   I went there two days in a row and can't wait to go back. UPDATE:  I continue to frequent Luke's at several of their locations including the UWS, Village, FiDi and in the Plaza food court, which are all great.  I've brought several coworkers and friends there and now they're hooked, too.   One guy with me, a Boston native down for a meeting, rolled his eyes at me when I told him I'd take him out for the best lobster roll he's ever eaten...I felt justified after his first bite because he was in complete agreement.  Now, he hits Luke's every time he's in the City and has even brought his Boston wife there, too!
Hands down best rolls in the city. I'm not sure what else you really need to know about Luke's.
Luke's Lobster - let me tell you what to expect.  Buttery, toasty, sweet loveliness.  The lobster roll is delightful - a perfectly buttered little toasty bun that houses the treasure of the sea, also known as the lobster.  Sweet, divine lobster meat.  And here, in the middle of the financial district, you can get away from it all, get away from the frenetic pace of life in the megalopolis, and settle down in a cute little lobster roll shack that evokes a seaside town in Maine, and bite into a piece of heaven.  Of course, the lobster roll is an unadulterated, absolute delight.  But the shrimp roll is a real surprise.  It too is just marvelous - and a good bargain.  The crab roll - well, it doesn't measure up to its compadres.   Two thumbs held up pretty high, above shoulder level, while bouncing excitedly.  Hail to Luke's.
After getting the permit, me and friend are looking for a place for some refreshment and soda, which leads us to the super lovely place that is a little bit hard to find, and yet definitely worth the trip... Environment: small, yet adorable with little decor. Super suitable for chatting with friends with some light snack. Being small also means getting crowded in lunch time. So try getting there before 12. Food: Superbbbbbbb!! I have shrimp roll with fries and beer. The bread is perfectly delicately deliciously (I would like to use every adv to describe how yummy these stuff can be u know?!) baked, with some butter on it making it sweet and smell heavenly good. Also the root beer is a surprise for me. However, I thought the fries would be made freshly and yet it turns out it is just a plaint bag of junk food -- so subtract one star. All in all, I love the place, and definitely it's worth a second try: thinking I may lay my fingers on the set meal next time. The serving size is a little bit small for me, but I still want to try it. Just give it a shot if you happens to be near by.
i personally think the lobster roll is delicious. My girlfriend wasn't in love with it because she expected the lobster to be hot. After thinking about it it prob would be great hot as well, but either way its original it's fresh and it's delicious prob my favorite walking food ever.
Love Luke's Lobster.  Yes, the lobster rolls are small (about 5 inches) but so fresh, lightly dressed and just incredibly delicious.  Pricey so minus 1/2 a star... I absolutely cannot get enough of the blueberry soda!  Tiny place so it gets pretty packed.  This location gives a bit more lobster than the one in the food court at The Plaza.  Staff are pleasant and efficient. I always make sure I have my loyalty card ready to be stamped!
Great food! We got the the trio sampler, lobster, shrimp and crab.  I love how they  toast the bread to prevent the sandwich from getting soggy.
These sandwiches were amazing! Great quality seafood in deliciously buttery toasted rolls! Also love the craft beers available. Get the Taste of Maine and try the crab, lobster, and shrimp sandwiches (1/2 sizes). This location is a bit tiny with two long picnic tables of seating, but it has a fun vibe with good service!
Cozy little dining room that transport you to a lobster shack in main with a hip feel. All the meal options come with choice of beer or soda. I had the taste of Maine which was a half of each roll. The half size is comparable to one of a slider but it is a good sample platter for first timers. After trying the three, I decided that I prefer either the lobster or the crab. Each roll is buttered and toasted while the meat is cold but juicy and tasty. The crab roll was soft and flavorful while the lobster roll provided the same experience with a more substantial texture.
I'm pretty obsessed with lobster in general, and Luke's Lobster really hits the spot whenever I have a craving in Manhattan. The interior of the fidi location is tiny, with a few long tables and a nautical-themed chalkboard with the menu. Definitely a take-and-go kind of joint, which is fine - grab a roll and eat it by the waterfront. I had always thought of lobster rolls as gross, mayo-y piles of imitation crab-like lobster scraps plopped onto a stale roll. Luke's Lobster is as far away from this as possible - you get nice, plump pieces of lobster, with some mayo, lemon, butter and a mix of spices, on a delicious, buttery toasted bun. For $15, you get a pretty small bun so don't expect to really make a meal out of one roll; add $3 and you get a combo with soda (they have some pretty cool indie sodas), a quarter slice of pickle and a bag of the Cape Cod chips. They have a special called the Noah's Ark, which comes with half of each of their shrimp, crab, and lobster rolls. I'm personally not a fan - with half a roll, I always feel like I get less than half of the stuffing. I'm also not very partial to the shrimp or crab rolls that they serve here - the shrimp is really meh and the crab tastes kind of weird. For me, definitely 100% lobster roll all the way. Love the lobster rolls at Luke's Lobster - super efficient staff means the line moves quickly, so there's no reason not to check this joint out. Even better, they have customer loyalty stamp cards, so every 10 rolls you get one for free.
You will never go wrong with the lobster roll!! & happy hour 4-7 even on weekends!!
Fantastic as usual. Get the blueberry soda. Clam chowder is good, but I've had s lot better. Probably the most solid lobster roll in Manhattan.
I will be returning for the crab roll. Ten or eleven more of them.  Moist, tender, buttery, no filler-- just perfect.   As for the lobster roll-- So far, Luke's is the best I've had in NYC.  Nice and simple, just the right amount of mayo and seasoning.  Still, I had to dock two stars for value and quality of the lobster meat-- TOO, TOO MANY RUBBERY BITS.   Tiny. The lobster roll is tiny-- it is probably half the size of what you would get in Connecticut or Maine, for twice the price.  In other words, you're paying (at least) 4 times as much.  Okay, when you factor in the gas, tolls, and time it would take to get you to New England, maybe fair is fair.   Quality of meat.  Luke's uses only lobster claw and knuckle meat.  Claw and knuckle meat is so tender and delicious-- it's arguably better and definitely less chewy than tail meat.  But it also costs much less than the tail. Given the huge markup already, there is no reason why Luke's should be including the red rubbery bits of the claw.  Chop them off.  I wouldn't even care if the meat portion was smaller.  Those rubbery bits don't visually fool me into thinking I'm getting more.  They take away from the taste, and they are just a nuisance.
Delicious! Just go and take a mix of all with a beer  and vinegar chips. We came from France and we wanted to eat there and sincerely it worthed it!
Great food.  Lobster was succulent and cooked perfectly!
Incredimazing. Lobsterlicious. Scintilobsterating. Seriously. Must eat grub. Skip the shrimp and crab rolls. Double down on the lobster roll. The Maine craft beers and soft drinks are excellent as well.
For $17 including a lobster roll, pickle, soda and chips, it is not exactly cheap. But it is worth every penny since they literally put a whole lobster in it. Since we are first-timers we had the 'Noah's Ark' to share; $38 for 2 halves of lobster, crab and shrimp rolls each, 2 sodas, 2 pickles and 2 chips. The rolls were tasteful, with chunky, fresh, chilled seafood on a buttery bun, and the seasoning pepper on top matches it really well. I personally like the crab roll best. The roll is a bit small but since we had 3 halves we felt pretty full, and in the end left a pack of chips as snacks later. They don't serve the common soda brands, instead they carry another brand which I have never heard of before. My husband had the blueberry soda which tasted really weird. All in all - it's a must try!
We just moved to Williamsburg last week and this Sunday we went around to see what we have landed into, First let me tell u Williamsburg is amazing. We came across this Beer garden called the Crown Victoria and they where having a Lobster Boil so we checked it out and i had the best Lobster Roll it was served in a hot dog roll perfect amount of lobster very tasty. I heard Luke's is going to be there as a guest food on a regular basis.
Absolutely love Luke Lobster.  The lobster meat is succulent and sweet, it's not overly buttery or mayoed, which is a common mistake.  Lobster is still expensive but if you are looking for a great lobster roll, this is the best in the city.
Maybe I am extremely biased because I went to Neptune's Oyster in Boston and thought that was the most amazing lobster roll I have ever had in my life. I brought my roommate here for her bday lunch and got the lobster, crab and shrimp roll. Taste of maine, was it. I really was not that impressed.............I have heard so many good things about this place but it was just ok to me. I guess if I had to pick the crab one was the best. My friend did order the lobster grilled chese which was surprisingly good! I would recommend that as an option for those dying to come here. Anyways, there are much better places for seafood and lobster...Luke's is just an easy option for those who want to be closer to the other northeast cities. Worth giving it a go.
Delicious lobster roll! Perfect balance of tastes and a very light, fluffy texture. The lobster just melts on your tongue... So far, I have not had better lobster rolls.
Got the lobster roll combo here last year, and ordered delivery of the Taste of Maine. Nice staff and yummy seafood. Perhaps the best part is the bread itself. A little crispy at the surface but soft and chewy overall!
Great sandwiches! No fillers, all fresh seafood!
Came here for lunch, and it was amazing.  I ordered the combo (half lobster, half shrimp, half crab sandwiches, pickle, chips, and a soda).  Food was delicious.  I would have given them 5 stars but it's a little on the pricey side.  I would definitely go back though!
SO GOOD
The bread is soooooooo good. I have to admit the lobster roll is great, but the price that you're paying for this sandwich that doesn't fill your stomach completely would probably be the only downfall.
Natasha and I went here on opening day to welcome the expansion of Luke's Lobster to the Financial District.  It is so great to see new places popping up in the neighborhood offering food that actually tastes good.  Why settle for burnt paninis and bad burritos?  Now you can have a fresh lobster roll for lunch, direct from Maine! I am of course long familiar with Luke's Lobster ever since they opened up their first store in an impossibly small location in the East Village.  I quickly liked them -- a lot!  I consider them along with Red Hook Lobster Pound to be the two best places in the city for a lobster roll, hands down.  Clearly with such a high regard for their food, my expectations were pretty high for this new addition.  Unfortunately, this new location of Luke's was not quite as good.  I am hoping that I can just chalk this up to opening day jitters though.  Don't get me wrong, I still had a great lobster roll; I just know that I could have had an even better one at the original Luke's.   To be specific, I ordered the New England clam chowder ($7) as well as the "Lobster Schooner" combo ($17) which included a lobster roll, a pickle, Maine Root soda, and Miss Vickie's chips.  The chowder was fantastic!  It was very creamy and smelled wonderful.  I did not detect any sand at all, and was happy to really taste the clam in the soup.  It was silky smooth and tasted great.  Fantastic start!  The lobster roll arrived overflowing with lobster, so much so that I unforgivably dropped a big chunk of it on the ground as I was trying to eat it.  Heartbreaking to be sure!  The lobster was chilled and sufficiently peppered with Old Bay seasoning.  Rather than a hint of mayonnaise, I really couldn't detect any at all.  This made for a slightly drier than usual roll, detracting from the overall taste.  The bun was well executed though with great notes of butter and nice texture.  It was very enjoyable, but the balance overall was slightly askew.  Probably a minor quibble really, and who am I to complain much after that amazing clam chowder? Definitely recommend for lunch.  Here is to hoping they iron out the kinks, and become as good as the original Luke's (if not better)!   3.75 stars
So. Freakin. Good. I ordered the Taste of Maine. 1/2 a lobster roll, 1/2 a shrimp roll, 1/2 a crab roll, 2 claws, a pickle, a bag of chips, and a soda- for $23. With the pickle and the chips it's almost a filling lunch, and truth be told yes, it's pricey and the portions are not the biggest. But did I mention how perfect it is? It's exactly what I think of when I close my eyes and imagine a lobster roll, the seafood is so fresh. The shrimp roll was also tasty, and even though I'm not crazy about crab that roll was good too. I enjoyed them all but the lobster roll just blows them out of the water. And the blueberry soda is nice too. The service was also friendly, I was greeted by a really nice server. They were also playing decent music: Alanis Morissette, Greenday...and Three Doors Down (the last one is excusable because hey, at least it's not Ke$ha, amiright?). So why only 4 stars instead of 5? They forgot my claws :( I only found out once I was 4 subway stops away, so turning around was not possible. I know mistakes happen, but for the price and the portions of what I'm ordering I really want my full moneys worth. I'll definitely be back but I'll be checking my takeout container before I leave the premises!
Tasty but at $15 a roll you would think so. A perfect snack when you include chips, pickle and a beer for $8 combo deal.
This place has some serious lobster, I traveled across the country by car, checked out a lot if places across the way, this was the best. It's right near the bull on Wall Street. Their pickles are really good to! If you like lobster eat here, if you like seafood the crab roll was super good also. My girl and I are huge fans!
I must confess, I'm always excited to get a lobster roll that is good and Luke's has a reputation to make them simple but good. And so when I saw a FiDi location, I was sold. On my way back to the office, I picked up a Lobster Schooner which is a $15 Lobster roll plus chips and soda for $17 (or after tip, $18.50). And like all the other reviewers so far, the lobster roll is lightly buttered, well seasoned and small. But it's lobster! I'm also a fan of the shrimp roll (which I didn't get this time) but for $8 (or in a combo for $10), I might make this place my "light lunch" spots.
I love Luke's that is all. I've gone in the winter and they served hot apple cider that was mind-blowing. Last week; my coworker and I were feeling fancy on our non pay week and I was craving some lobster. He's a MD boy so he knows fish and never been to Luke's. The fact its 2 blocks from my office is clutch on the 1 hour lunch break we get. I paid for just the standard $14 Lobster Roll no other bells and whistles.  Just to be clear they are not skimpy with their lobster its the best pieces for what you pay for the claws and shredded tails. You can get other combos such as crab and lobster etc. I think he paid $16 for his with a drink and strolled our way down to Battery Park to relax and make fun of tourists. I guess karma came around and said stop by punishing me when the claw fell off the bun when I took a bite.
Minus one star for being too pricey but their stuff is good and so is their service, always friendly!  I treat myself once a month.  I prefer getting the lobster and crab rolls only, no chips, no soda.  I wish they gave some discount for 2 rolls, like $25 instead of 28.
These rolls are like crack.  I can just eat them forever.  The rolls themselves are small, but they pack in the lobster, you'll get a blast of lobster chewyness and flavor with every bite.  The only gripe I have is how expensive everything is (I come here when I want to indulge myself).  I usually get the taste of Maine, but if I crave lobster, i'll just get a lobster roll.  You really can't go wrong, the bottled soda choices are pretty awesome also.  -1 because it costs a arm in a leg for the small portion, and -1 for customer service (the girl at the counter was rude and had her head down while taking my order... lol wth right?)
Order for delivery from here from time to time, never fails, food is great. I could eat 5 of the lobster rolls at one sitting.  Delivery has always been spot on with time as well. I recommend them to people in the office and the neighborhood.
This place is by far the best lobster roll I ever had. Not just in NYC, but probably best ever. This location in fidi is a branch from the original location in east village, but the taste is the same! Most people come here for lunch on weekdays so sometimes they can have a mini line. The lobster is sweet and full of texture. (Not dry or soggy) and mixed in a blend of garlic-y butter-y  marinade. It's all served together on a warm toasted bun. Yes its more expensive than your average lunch and maybe it won't get you 100% full, but its worth every penny!!! Eat that with a Maine famous blueberry beer, and you are set! It's a must try! I've heard now they began hh for 50% off beers. Lastly, don't forget to stamp your customer reward card for every roll purchased. You get one free after 10 stamps! It doesn't get better than that
Good thing I don't work in the area on top of living in the area or I'd be here 24/7 with my cholesterol rising. DELICIOUS.  Favorite is still the lobster, then the crab, then the shrimp (which I can really live without ever ordering again). Prices are steep but the lobster and crab meat are plentiful and worth it.  The Schooner (pronounced Skooner) comes with roll of your choice, a bag of chips and a soda (mandarin orange is my soda of choice). Came here numerous times for dinner and it's never too packed because you are in and out of there in a jiffy.  Service is friendly and fast.   I also love they have Sriracha on the table for you to use now.
3 words.... OH  MY  GAH Crab roll was awesome.... Lobster rolls were awesome.. Shrimp roll was good.
One of my favorite places to get New England Clam chowder
I grew up in NH & vacation in Maine every year -  currently live in the southeast... I was afraid this visit to the NYC spot would disappoint as my 1st lobster roll of the season. It did not! Perfectly buttered and lots of large chunks. It was enough for me, though maybe small for some. I liked that it wasn't  covered in mayo and let the lobster and butter shine! A fantastic lobster roll!! I also got the New England chowder- not my favorite. Needed some heat, pepper and more clams. But not the worst. The only knock down from 5 stars.  Finish off with a yummy pickle, cap cod chips and Maine soda = happy Eater. Great relaxed seaside decor in the middle of financial district. Friendly staff.
Well worth every penny.  Lobster roll and seafood chowder brightened my dark evening of working late.  Lobster was fresh and not too buttery.  And they toast the roll, so you know they care.
Have signed up Yelp for almost one year and for this time I cannot keep silent anymore... THIS IS AWESOME TO A CRYING LEVEL.
I got a lobster roll meal. It wasn't bad, and the place is rather cute, but it's pricey for what you're getting. If you're going to be in the area, I'd recommend stone street instead
Decent lobster roll. Not a lot of flavor. Still, I want to like this place, but can't get over the staff's hipster attitude. You'll feel like you're in Williamsburg. Smile. Say hello. You don't have to be pissed off at the world! I say skip it and go to Stone Street.
Wow. Quick, delicious and priced just right. For a family of 3-4 try the Noah's Ark. In the area, drop I'm for great lobster, shrimp and crab sandwiches.
ALMOST a five star. If you know, it was maybe twice as big. The $16 price tag is a little steep given the size (my tiny Asian friend and I both decided it was a snack rather than dinner), but the seasoning, the deliciously toasted bread, and the huge pieces of lobster still made it worth it. See other reviews for long, eloquent descriptions of just how great the sandwich was. I'm off to find more food.
DONT COME HERE ITS CLOSED This location is closed im assuming because of sandy.
If you've been to one Luke's Lobster you've really been to them all (the goal of a scalable business, yeah?). Their buttery, crustacean-y comfort food gems are about as good as you can get in the city and their toned down demeanor always makes you feel as though you're in an old school New England beachside eatery. Until you walk outside and are immediately reminded you're in New York City, of course. This particular location is great after the 9-5ers have zipped home to to their sprawling estates in NJ, LI, and Connecticut because it's basically vacant in the early evening. Other Luke's locations can be tough to score a quick bite, but this one is great in the after hours. I've never been during the lunch rush, however I imagine something like this happening youtube.com/watch?v=DwAO…
The food is topnotch. It is a takeout place that's charging restaurant prices. $17 for a small lobster roll+soda and $10 for a medium lobster bisque are overpriced. But since the food quality is so excellent I still go whenever I can.
Spending extra time in the Financial District after working with a client. Walked a few blocks to check out this place. Unfortunately, it was closed for a private event. My client caught wind my disappointment and luckily - they deliver. This was one of my top 3 meals. Ever. I had the Taste of Maine which includes the trio of rolls and a side of massive crab claw. Each bite was HEAVEN. Soft, buttery, delicious, and pure. No filler. Healthy servings of quality seafood nestled in clouds of bun. I will absolutely be making this a must-have every time I visit NY.
Very good, We tried the Noah's Ark which includes lobster, shrimp, and crab sampler. Next time I would have just gotten the lobster it is that good. It is simple and clean. Lots of Lobster on a toasted butter roll with celery salt and a little mayo. It was perfect and highly recommended.
Oh, love this place! Stumbled upon it during a walk around the city, and decided to have a lobster roll for lunch. Their staff as SO friendly an nice, love them! Gave us complimentary chips, how nice. Also, their organic IPA is super good. We tried all of their rolls (lobster, crab and shrimp), but the best one was definitely the lobster one. Rolls are not too big and their are so fresh. No extra fishy smell/taste in any of their rolls.
We've only tried the East Village and FiDi locations, both are great.  Tried everything on the menu but our faves are the lobster and shrimp rolls.  A lil pricey for what it is.
I highly recommend splitting the taste of Maine with someone -- go big or go home.  You get 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 shrimp roll, 1/2 crab roll, 1 bag of chips, 1 soda & 2 crab claws + a pickle. There's a ton of butter on the toasted bread and in all the seafood too -- so don't get this on a day you're on a "diet." You really can't go wrong ordering here - everything is delicious! They have all these specialty drinks -- the ginger soda was delicious and had quite the kick.
I just love this place.  If I could eat a lobster roll for lunch here everyday I would.  Delish and super awesome staff ( Delish for the roll not the staff lol )
Let me start by saying that I can't believe it took me 25 years to try my first lobster roll. Maybe it's because they aren't as popular in California as they are on the east coast or perhaps my palette wasn't refined enough back then to think that I should try it. Anyway, lobster rolls are amazing. I particularly love Luke's because 1) they taste fresh 2) they have just the right amount of butter - enough to bring out the flavor but not so much that it masks the taste of the lobster itself and 3) super friendly service, both inside the little restaurant and via delivery. Like with many other seafood dishes I wish there was a little more food, especially for the money, but coupled with a personal bag of chips I tend to be satisfied. Highly recommend this for a quick lunch or a delivery option.
I am so glad Luke's Lobster reopened after Hurricane Sandy damage!  I love the lobster rolls here-- very buttery and delicious, with a quarter of a good pickle, soda and chips.  They should also make a lobster salad.  That would be divine.
I was about to go to a dinner in about two hours, but the husband and I were a little hungry, so we decided to "split" a lobster roll. OMG are these rolls SO small. After we split the first one, we went back up to the cashier to order another one. Oh the shame. So, one star off for the ridiculously small size. I had gone to Pearl Oyster house in W. village and was spoiled by the size of their lobster roll....albeit Pearl's is obviously more expensive. Regardless, these buttery lobster rolls are AMAZING! Yummy perfection, really hit the lobster spot. Buttery goodness, with I think a touch of mayo, all on a perfectly toasted buttery bun. The lobster is cold, I wasn't prepared for that but it didn't matter because it was delicious.
Most important point.  The sandwich was excellent.  The only reason I'm stopping at 4 stars and not moving on to a 5th is because of the amount of food you get for the price.  The sandwich is delicious but small.  $18+ for a sandwich chips and a drink is a lot when you have to consider ordering a 2nd .  When you sit back and estimate the cost of the lobster on the sandwich it doesn't seem so bad. Bottom line; worth a visit.
Yes it is expensive. It's lobster. What are you expecting? I have cravings for the bread here...perfectly buttery, seasoned, and toasted. The lobster and crab rolls are delicious. If you're still hungry, round out your meal with chips, pickle, and soda
Fresh lobster lightly seasoned on a buttered piece of bread?!?!  If you don't like this combo/freshness you need to really evaluate your taste buds!
I lived in Maine for several years, and appreciate a good high-quality lobster roll.  Luke's is definitely up there! -1 star for the portions though.  You will NOT be full after one lobster roll, and the side of slaw I ordered came in a tiny cup. Also, be prepared to wait during the weekday lunch time rush (approx 12-1:30pm).
The food here are just great. Every bun are full of Lobster/Crab. Shrimp ones are so so. Buns are soft and buttery.
Very good food and friendly service. A bit pricey for lunch, but then this is wall street area. the portions are small.
Wooh! These guys are like a shining beacon of deliciousness compared to the relatively blah options in the FiDi. Also, their lobster rolls somehow taste more robust and the bread crispy-soft-buttery, much more so than my UWS homebase Luke's Lobster location. Love them. I go every week and grab myself 2 lobster rolls and a set of delicious crab claws. It's my anchor, my shield, my respite from shitty days at the office.
This was a very different meal for us and they are definitely Winning in our book!!!! The lobster roll was amazing. Very costly for such a small roll but it was worth the try. I'm sure whenever we are back in Ny we will visit Luke again
Very yummy! Went here for my first lunch back in New York after being gone for 3 months and it was a very good welcome back! I got the Taste of Maine and my favorite was the crab and lobster rolls. The rolls had a garlicky taste to them which made it all the more delectable. A little pricey and a very small space, but definitely worth the trip.
They really stuffed they lobster buns! And the bun remains buttery and crispy even though we didn't start eating right away. Good stuff Only thing was that it's served cold, and I prefer my lobster rolls hot
Had the crab roll for lunch and I thought it was absolutely delicious. The bun that they use is perfectly soft and the crab is seasoned well. Also had their Maine cola which had an interesting aftertaste.
While im not usually a fan of taking $20 lunches, I might have to make a few more exceptions.   I got the lobster roll combo with a drink pickle and chips.   They were friendly and effecient.  One of the best lobster rolls I have ever had.  Keep uo the good work.  Cheers.
i went here for their hurricane irene special.  i've always wanted to try it, but it was always out of the way for me.   we got 3 lobster rolls and 1 crab roll and also the ginger root soda. the lobster roll was the cold version, not the CT style.   it was a bit rich for me and i felt queasy afterwards.  i think it was too much grease and oil.   it was still good though.   the crab roll was meh.  n othing special so don't bother. the ginger root soda had a really strong ginger taste.  it was spicy.  i didn't like it at all.   i personally prefer the lobster rolls from red hook lobster pound and in the CT style.  the warmth of the lobster is much better on my stomach.
I yelped myself to this place when I was in the Financial District last week. What a great find! As per the suggestion of fellow Yelpers, I had the Taste of  Maine (the trio of 1/2 Lobster,  1/2 Crab & 1/2 Shrimp rolls) additionally it came with chips and more importantly 2 small crab claws accompanied of course by the Blue Berry Root Beer. The whole meal was an excellent experience - everything was extremely fresh and tasty. Of the three rolls (which by the way are minuscule - 2" each) my favorites were the Lobster and then the Crab, the Shrimp while not bad was just OK for me. The service is good and fast, the location is small and probably gets crowded for lunch. Overall a great place for a quick bite.
There's nothing I can say that hasn't been said before.  Straightforward, delicious, no nonsense lobster rolls.
One of the best lobster rolls I've ever tasted.  Not drenched in mayo.  Perfectly seasoned and superb bun.
Best lobster roll ever at this location too!  Problem is the cost.  Sure all the Wall Streeters can go here... But I recommend they have 2 hours a week with an affordable lobster roll special for the ones on Wall Street who don't make the bucks.  For a little less, I'd consider it a 5 star roll then.
Did the taste of Maine. Love lobster rolls. I think it's great that they don't put too much mayo. I love CT style lobster rolls with butter. The only complaint is the actual rolls were super greasy.
Though it was a tad difficult to find (the Financial District is my Bermuda Triangle), once I got to this downtown outpost of Luke's Lobster, I was in heaven. I love how consistent the lobster rolls are at each location...and how laid back and friendly the staff is! I went on a Friday night and it was not crowded at all, even though Stone Street, just a stone's throw away, was hopping. There is only one high table, and a few bar stool seats along an L-shaped wall, so I think "to go" is encouraged during the lunchtime rush. But I was able to grab a seat and enjoy my lobster roll, pickle, Cape Cod kettle chips, and Maine root beer in peace after a long week at work. I will be back...often!
Delicious lobster roll, friendly staff, clean and comfortable seating area. Only downside is the price - lobster roll was $15 - but it's lobster and excellent.
Seriously how can you go wrong with lobster, a buttery roll, crispy chips and a soda - that's right, you can't. Simple, honest and with a New York price tag LOL. All is right with the world.
Their rolls are small and expensive, but tasty. I can't decide which is my favorite, maybe the crab. They have a nice selection of chips and sodas too.
I didn't even think I was a lobster person, but Luke's has converted me!  Luke's serves a serious lobster roll, and I can understand why they win every lobster roll competition they enter.  Their decor and marketing is really well done, and I can see why they have such dedicated fans.  Eating one makes me want to go see the coasts of Maine, especially if everything tastes like Luke's!
Good good good. Going Luke's lobster with my friends at food fall plaza, better than usual
So my husband and I love lobster and I found out about Luke's Lobster while searching on Yelp.  So when we planned our trip down to the Financial District (we were staying around Madison Square Garden) so I could go to Century 21 and my husband could go to J&R (yeah, I know girls loving designer clothes and boys loving electronics, we are just perpetuating stereotypes) we had to include a stop at Luke's Lobster for lunch. We ordered the "Noah's Ark" which is 2 half Lobster Rolls, 2 half Shrimp rolls, 2 half Crab rolls, 2 pickles, 2 bags of chips and 2 bottles of soda ($38).  The portions were tiny and overall it was expensive for what we got.  However, the lobster roll was delicious.  Large chunks of lobster claw mixed with mayo and spices on a buttered hot dog bun.  Yum!  The crab roll on the other hand was terrible.  What the heck was the crab mixed with?  Either chopped up pieces of gelatin or maybe lard or something else, I have no idea, but it was little yellow cubes of fattiness that ruined the crab roll.  The crab roll was also mixed with mayo and spices.  I would never order the crab roll again, not even if I was hungry and someone else was paying for it.  The shrimp roll was acceptable.  Not delicious, but not terrible like the crab roll.  Shrimp were slightly larger than small, but I wouldn't call "medium."  It was mixed with spices and mayo.  We had the BBQ and Salt and Vinegar chips (they were Cape Cod brand) and the Blueberry and Root Beer soda (from Maine).   The place is small only seating for a few, so if you want a seat, you have to go during off-peak hours. We also picked up a S'well water bottle for only $20.  It had the Luke's Lobster logo on it and came in pink, pastel green or pastel blue.  We got the green one.  I have yet to try it out, but if it lives up to its claim of no condensation on the outside despite being cold on the inside, I will be a happy camper.           The lobster roll was great, but I'm not sure if I would return because the lobster roll on its own is $15 ($17 with chips and a soda).  Quite pricey I think, as we were still hungry after our lunch.
It is what it is! Not a fancy place but if you want a quick bite and are willing to spend a little cash go for it! A fantastic lobster roll...one of the best! Try it.
Went there few hours before it closed for Hurricane Sandy.... There was a discount (couple bucks off) for lobster roll!! Lobster rolls were very tasty even we ate them after few hours when we are stuck in hotel.... Do not really recommend the crab roll, it doesn't taste as good as the lobster roll.  Shrimp roll was OK, but still, lobster roll was the best!
As with other Luke's locations extra points for interior design and that real Maine vibe. I finally had a chance to get Noah's arc combo at this location and it was everything I had hoped for Two halfs Lobster Rolls, Two Halfs Shrimp Rolls and Twos half Crab Roll, 2 chips, 2 Sodas and 2 claws for 40 bucks) I love Luke's because there are no gimmicks or extras here just the lobster and you. On all the rolls here the mayo is not overwhelming, the bread is perfectly buttered and toasted, and they let the lobster/crab/shrimp do the rest of the talking without all those other unneeded ingredients some other places add. The shrimp roll was so much better then I expected it would be, very flavorful The crab roll is a close 1st with the lobster roll, very flavorful and good amount of crab.
Very good food, high quality ingredients.  We came here after shopping at Century 21.  The service was fast and friendly, I would recommend this place.  The bread on the lobster roll was high quality and the lobster was from the claw, the lobster grilled cheese was very good.
I went to Luke's this past Friday for dinner and it was DELICIOUS! I ordered the lobster roll; the bread was perfectly cripsy and the lobster was cold and fresh! Unfortunately, it didn't fill me up so I actually had to get dinner again! The prices are a bit on the expensive side but I guess that goes for all lobster rolls! This is definitely a place to try if you are ever around the area.
I came here for lunch today, absolutely perfect lobster roll (even if it is a little bit small, thats how its rightfully done). Loads of lobster meat with some spices, butter, and a little bit of mayo to match up with the seasoning. Paired with chips and a blueberry soda, just under $20. A little pricey for lunch every day but definitely hit the spot.
Is there anything more perfect in this world than a quarter pound of lobster on a toasted buttered roll with a pickle from Luke's Lobster? The answer is no, no there's not. My stream of thought during my first visit to Luke's Lobster: - Am I in FiDi or Maine? - Real root beer?! - Cape Cod chips? Hell yes. - $18 Thursday lunch? Sure, I deserve this. - Do guys that work on lobster boats wear those hats? Don't know don't care want one. - This could be come a problem... for my wallet, waistline, self control... Needless to say, no regrets about the $18. Bring on the lobster. -
My friends and I were going through a post-happy hour munchie phase and were on the prowl for some raw oysters. Luckily, we stumbled upon Luke's Lobster instead! The Taste of Maine can hands down beat raw oysters any day (or well, most days!). With that order, you get the best of three worlds - shrimp, crab, and lobster - on a delicious and pleasantly surprising BUTTERY roll (I love toasted buttery bread! Who doesn't?!). Now I finally know what they mean by "I usually don't eat lobster rolls in NYC but when I do, it has to be at Luke's." Actually I totally just made that up, but seriously though, Luke's Lobster is bangin'.
Came here with a friend and we both enjoyed it. I think its super worth it to get the whole deal (chips & soda) I usually only get lobster rolls at vendors so it doesn't come with a deal with chips & soda so when this place offered- it was just a plus
My husband and I went to Luke's twice the last time we were in NY and we plan to go again on our next trip! This place is tiny with very little seating but there is a park across the street. The lobster rolls were amazing!! Full of big chunks of lobster, you definitely get your money's worth. We had the clam chowder too and it was alright but nothin I would specifically go there to order. The service is friendly and pretty quick, this place is a must on my list.
I work on Wall Street so this is very close for me. Not only is it very convenient but it was the best lobster roll I have ever had. It's not in a thick gross mayo sauce but instead coated lightly in a light butter and spice sauce. Really highlights the lobster well. Their sodas are also to die for and the inside of the restaurant is so cute and smells like the ocean! Must try. Expensive but completely worth it due to the quality.
15 bucks for a ton of tasty lobster, seasoned perfectly on toasted New England style hotdog bun?   By far the easiest rating I've done on Yelp.  Fine job, guys!
This was my first time at Luke's Lobster.  I had a lobster roll.  The service was so fast.  I waited less than 5 minutes.  The food was phenomenal.  The lobster was well-seasoned, buttery, and soft.  I cannot wait to come back and have another one!!!
I'd been meaning to try Luke's Lobster for a couple years. Finally got the chance to do so last month. Fought through heavy wind and rain to come here for an early dinner with my sister, but the Noah's Ark deal (two half lobster rolls, two half crab rolls, two half shrimp rolls, four jonah crab claws, two sodas, and two bags of chips) was already sold out! =[ We each just ended up getting the combo with a lobster roll, bag of chips, and a soda. YUM!!!! Fresh and meaty lobster chunks, coated with just a thin layer of mayonnaise, served on a fluffy roll. So delicious, but I was still hungry afterwards. The Noah's Ark combo is a much better deal ($41 for two people), if you can actually get it. Definitely worth trying, though I wouldn't eat here regularly...The lobster roll alone is $15, and right now I just don't have that kind of money for a rather small sandwich. I'll wait for a New England trip to pig out on lobster rolls. Definitely casual dining. You order at the counter, then you can sit down anywhere to eat. Clean, brightly lit restaurant. The guys behind the counter are really nice too - and cute!
So super yummy! I love getting the lobster roll with friends or ordering in the Noah's Ark for a delicious at home feast!
Glad I went here! not the best Lobster roll I have ever had but it was very very good.
Omg how delish!!!  Great super service and really fast. Now the lobster was even better. Great for tourists.
Really super delicious lobster roll here. I absolutely loved it. No filler, all lobster, no mayo. I asked for extra butter (shock) and they obliged. The roll is really super fresh and wonderful too. I loved the potato like roll. Soft and spongy and the perfect compliment to the juicy lobster. The sandwich is very small but it is packed with lobster in every inch. They lost one star because it was a bit expensive. The combo is $17 and I wish you got 2 lobster rolls for that. Lobster bisque was also very good but not worth $9. And their chocolate peanut butter whoopie pies were a nice dessert treat. Definitely worth a splurge every now and then but no way one can regularly go here for lunch and throw down over $30.
I love it. I.love.it. And the portion size is perfect for me! And- AND- I love the blueberry soda!
Lobster and crab are always great, but I wish I could get more for cheaper. I was still hungry when I left the place.
I love that the redid the inside and there's more seating. The place definitely has a cool, be achy vibe. Staff is super friendly and food comes out pretty quickly. The lobster roll is the best thing on the menu. It comes on a toasted buttery bun and I get it with no mayo and then a bag of chips and a birch beer. They have other flavors of soda. They also offer beer which I'll get on a Friday. This is heaven in a lunch.
The best tasting lobster I every had. -Type of Place: Sandwich place where they only make Lobster sandwiches -Taste: They focus on lobster and the result speaks for itself. It is perfection itself. -Price: Around $14 for each Lobster sandwich -Decor: Simple but nice If you are looking for a cheap sandwich, this isn't it, BUT if you want to quell your longing for lobster, I can't think of a better place.
I didn't think it it was all that special. Good enough if you have a craving. Too small of a place for me but food was decent and a good price.
Lobster roll= a-MAZ-ing.  The bread was so buttery but with the right amount of crunch.  The lobster were fresh and juicy and seasoned with the perfection flavoring.  Definitely get the combo that comes with their unique soda drinks because that really finishes off the lobster rolls well.  I would say you would only get 2/3 of the experience without the drink. They go so well together, I cannot stress that enough. Their chips also gives it a good crunch touchy since the roll doesnt have so much "crunch" themselves. But whatever you do, DO NOT TRY THE GINGER ALE. It does not taste that your seagrams ginger ale. It is literally tastes like actual ginger juices carbonated.  Unless you love ginger to the point where you can just pop one in you mouth and chew them raw, don't try it.
Lobster roll very fresh! A lil bit too pricey for the portion though. It's literally 6 bites for $26
So so good.  Like, 'crave weekly' good.  Very friendly staff.  I haven't bothered ordering anything else other than the lobster rolls and clam chowder because they are just that good.  I've been to the East Village and FiDi locations and prefer FiDi as they are nicer and the place seems a lot cleaner too.
I've had two lobster rolls in the last month from Luke's. One we took to Prospect Park with some chips and a pickle and an Allagash Stout, and the other we brought home to drink with some wine. So good. I'll eat anything with lobster but these were particularly good lobster rolls.
Ok, I'm officially hooked. When i first went into the venue I thought it had a peculiar smell. But that didnt deter me. I ordered the Noah's Ark (food for 2) which gives each person half a lobster, crab and shrimp roll, 2 empress claws, chips and a soda. I also ordered a NE clam chowder (yep I'm a chowder junky). Well, I heard the reviews but went in with low expectations. But man I was proved wrong! The chowder was outstanding, and the rolls were awesome. I left the place stuffed, but not too stuffed. Kudos!
Great place for a quick lunch, particulkarly nice for a lobster roll on a Friday afternoon when it seems like the rest of Manhattan is at the beach! Quick service; great food
noah's ark was shared between my friend and i. we each got a half roll of each (lobster, crab, and shrimp) and i got the ginger brew to drink and jalapeño chips to munch on. great combo to say the least! i will have to say though that i like the crab roll better than lobster, and shrimp last if i had to chose an order. just gotta love a buttered roll with fresh seafood, good eats!!
Don't like there. Just a fast food place.
I was sad when we had to move from UES to FiDi bc we were leaving the original LL location. We walked in when they were literally about to close, so we thought the quality wouldn't be as fresh. But it was Friday during lent, late, cold, and we just moved into the nabe. We got the Taste of Maine, like we always did in UES. This time we tried the blueberry soda and BBQ chips. We also got the clam chowda this time. Everything was soooooo good. Even the presentation was still perfect and generous portions, maybe even better than UES! Jorge said it was one of the best clam chowders he's had. They didn't rush us or anything. One odd thing I didn't remember from UES was bottles of siracha everywhere!?
Tucked away in a little shack overlooked by the Irish bars and sprawling skyscrapers of the Financial District, Luke's Lobster has some of the best lobster you will find outside of Maine. When you enter, you're transported into a small coastal village and the concrete around you disappears. Let's break down the Taste of Maine: - Half Lobster Roll: Pure bliss. I tend to overuse this term but I sincerely mean it this time. The lobster is fresh, meaty, and delicate. Packed with rich untainted flavor and topped with just the right amount of spices. They pack on a hefty amount too, so you get your money's worth. It was so good that we ended up getting a full lobster roll after. - Half Shrimp Roll: Nothing impressive, since you can get good shrimp almost anywhere these days. They are a decent size and are sprinkled with the same spices as the lobster. It adds a nice contrast to the experience. - Half Crab Roll: Mindblowing. Such delicate, juicy crab is hard to beat for that price. - Two Empress Claws: These came frozen for some reason. Even when they defrosted them (in a microwave O_O), they were still not too great. Avoid. - Soda, chips, pickle: Unnecessary additions if all you're looking for is the meat. The decision between getting a Taste of Maine and a full Lobster Roll can only be dictated by what you're looking to experience. In my opinion, the shrimp roll, empress claws, soda, chips and pickles can easily be skipped. For $5 more than the Taste of Maine, you can get the full Lobster and Crab Rolls. A much better way to go. Yes, you're paying more than a hot dog stand or Halal Guys, but lobster is pricey, people. Try going to your typical upscale restaurant and you'll get lower quality lobster for twice the price. If you want to splurge on a quick lunch, this is just the spot. Also, avoid their bathrooms. if you're trying to put toilet paper down as a seat cover, the AC will just blow it away. FYI.
OH MY GOD.  I love this place!  I had the Lobster Roll, chips, and the diet coke in a small glass bottle. It was like huge chunks of lobster stuffed in a buttered/toasted hot dog bun.  IF YOU ARE VISITING NEW YORK, YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE.  There are a few locations.  This review is for the one near Wall Street.  Also tried the clam chowder.  It was pretty good but I've had better.  AMAZING!  A little pricey but it was worth it.
This is the second Luke's Lobster that I have been to. This one is not too far from my work and I finally made it on Chinese New Year for lunch. ::Ambiance:: The decoration in this restaurant made me felt that I was in Boston or Maine. The seats are limited but my coworker and I got lucky to be seated. ::Food:: We shared the Noah's Ark - two half lobster rolls, two half crab rolls, two half shrimp rolls, four Empress claws with two sodas, two chips and two pickles. It was a pretty good deal ($44 + tax). I loved the lobster roll the most. ::Service:: The staff were very nice. I would like to go there again for more lobster rolls.
Yummy! Crispy, buttery roll full of lobster!  The roll itself is $15, but I got a blueberry flavored soda and a bag of chips for an additional $2... It's pricey, but worth it once in a while.
Luke's Lobster surpassed my lobster roll expectations. The lobster was so fresh and delicious and the bread was baked with just the right smith of cruse. Not the largest portions I've ever seen, but the quality of the seafood makes up for it. I recommend this place to anyone visiting the financial district craving a lobster roll!
Absolutely delicious! My friends and I got 2 lobster rolls, 2 chips, and 2 sodas. I've never heard of Maine Root soda, but both the Blueberry and Orange was delicious. I hadn't looked at any reviews on this place, but a few of my friends had suggested it so I went in with 6.5/10 expectation. It was absolutely delicious! The bun was warm, toasted, and buttery. The surprising part of my first bite was that the lobster was cold. My first thought was that I would've had the lobster warm, but it was pretty awesome cold too.The lobster was lightly seasoned yet extremely flavorful. I devoured the lobster roll within a matter of minutes and the pickle was a nice clean touch. Afterwards, I got a cup of warm apple cider ($2) and took it on the go. It was a nice way to wrap up the meal. I would definitely be willing to pay another $17 for a lobster roll the next time I'm back in the area. There is limited seating inside, but fortunately it wasn't packed when my friends and I got there. Also food came out fast!
When I worked in the area this was our preferred place to splurge on lunch. I have had several lobster rolls in New England and Luke's beats  them all. Really fresh lobster meat that you can really taste, not covered up with mayo and seasoning.
A good restaurant. The bread is tasty. but the lobster inside is a little cold. Making it not a good enough combination.
I really like their lobster roll and that's what their most famous for. it's a little pricey but anything with lobster is anyways.
I think I am developing an addiction to lobster rolls, if there is such a thing. I have been to the truck, to the UWS shack and was pleasantly surprised to find a shack a few minutes from my apartment. The Taste of Maine is the perfect dinner: half a shrimp roll, half a crab roll, and half a lobster roll with chips, a drink (GINGER BREW!!), and a few crab claws. The bread is toasted to perfection, the lobster is in nice huge chunks. The service is fast. Not a lot of seating but I just walked home to eat in peace anyway. I got my frequent diner card and am looking forward to filling it up.
Lobsta rolls are some of my favorite food, and Luke's does 'em right. But they are not cheap and surprisingly not that filling. You'll be satisfied with one roll--some might still be hungry--but for the amount you pay (~$15-20), you should be rubbing your belly happily stuffed. I understand lobster isn't cheap, and Luke's doesn't skimp on the meat either. Your roll will be fit to bursting with generous chunks of lobster. But at $15+ a roll, I don't see myself accumulating enough stamps on my Lobsta Mobsta card to get a free one any time soon. Bummer. Gluten free is an additional $2 (don't ask me why). And you can customize your roll i.e. less spices (why would you do that?) or no butter. Personally I think the roll is buttered enough that you don't need more on top of the lobster. You can also get half a lobster roll and half crab roll if you're indecisive. Quick, friendly service.
I have tried a few lobster rolls in the city. And i always go back to Luke's. They always have the perfect combination of mayo and seasoning without over powering the freshness of the lobster meat.  Which I think is how a lobster roll should taste like without mounds of mayo and other stuff they put in to mask the taste of lobster.
Loved it! Big, buttery chunks of Lobster, good crunchy pickle, salty chips and a craft beer for $17. Nice place to have a bit of a lunch splurge!
Oh man! I just stopped by and snagged myself a lobster roll with a bag of chips and a bottle of root beer here. The lobster is so succulent and fresh. The mayo and butter elevate the flavor without being overpowering. It's small and cramped espeically  during the lunch hour rush, but the staff works quickly and effeciently and are quite pleasant. Of course it's on the pricey side, so I can't make this a regular visit, but I do plan to stop by sometime to treat myself. Afterall, I have to fill up my card now, don't I?
Living on the Westside doesn't offer many good places for fresh lobster roll like the East Coast does.  So as soon as I knew I was going to head out to NY for my business trip, I made an effort to get out to Luke's Lobster. Sure glad I did. To steer far away from the busy Financial District crowd, I decided to go on a Sunday at 1pm EST when it was most quiet.  This was just a 2 minute walk from Double Tree Hotel where I was staying & Wall St subway stop (for those taking the subway). Being my first time there, their service was great. I appreciated that they gave recommendations.  I ended up ordering their $20 "Taste of Maine" (without their 2 mini bite-size claws for add'l $3) with the Blueberry drink & Mesquite Potato chips. My favorite was the Lobster followed by the Crab and Shrimp.  I suggest that you add some of their Siracha Chili Sauce for extra kick & flavor -- yum! I know some may wish the portion was a bit larger (especially for my hungry husband if he was there) but for me this combination of three 2.5 inch rolls jammed pack with seafood, chips and bottled carbonated drink was more than enough. When I visit NYC again, I will definitely head back here for my dose of fresh, tasty seafood.  FYI for those who are local, they have a loyalty frequent visitor card...
I LOVEEEEEEEEEEE Luke's lobster. from the buttery toasted bun to the fresh lobster and perfect seasoning - this is heaven.  I love the hint of celery salt and the small amount of mayo.
Great place for a lobster roll and clam chowder lunch.  The rolls are toasted with butter to perfection. The portion and quality justifies the price. also, being from San Francisco, $15-$20 financial district lunch seems about right... sadly
Wow, can't believe this is in FiDi! Come with a friend and share a Noah's Ark or grab a taste of Maine both are great cause you get to taste a bit from each. The seafood is just so friggn fresh it like the candy of the sea, ALL OF IT! Plus add in on of the specialty sodas and not to mention the super friendly staff and you got one helluva place.
I would give it 4 or 5 but I was kinda still hungry after. The lobster was delicious, I wish there were fries instead of chips to make it a real meal. I got the blueberry soda , I didn't like it but my "friend" said it was good and he would get it again. I would go again I would recommend it $25 Or $27 for 2 lobster rolls , 2 chips, 2 sodas
OMG. Nuff said. Hefty portions in each roll. We had the Noah's ark which is a lil of everything (crab, shrimp & lobster). It was all delish!! Little place, friendly staff ... Def check 'em out! Would rate 'em 10 if I could!
The Taste of Maine was good, but the portions were very small. I shared the dish with another person and we were both still very hungry afterwards. I think most people would be hungry just eating it by themselves. I liked the crab one the best. The shrimp roll was just average. I would definitely eat here again if I happen to be around the area, but there are definitely better lobster rolls in NYC.
Yum, yum, yum! Hello food coma! Loved every bite and would go back every day! Shared the Noah's Ark with a friend and was just the right amount of food.
Luke's Lobster is a delicious establishment and well priced.  The lobster rolls are not huge, but are well-priced.  GO!
Lobster roll was average, a little heavy of the buttery side but that wasn't a problem. I understand lobsters are expensive but at least throw in a little side to justify the $16 I'm about to drop on a sandwich.
Today I decided to take another trip to Luke's and try the Taste of Maine and I have to say I loved the crab roll. It was very fresh and they didn't skimp on the meat at all. Hand's down this is still my favorite place and the best part is they delivered.
Wow, did I just blow almost $25 on half a sandwich and soup? Yup, it has to one of those lobster roll places, in this case Luke's. At that price, I should've gotten a nice juicy steak, and to think lobster used to be a poor man's food. Although this wont be my regular lunch spot ($$$), it's definitely worth it to treat yourself once in awhile. The toasted roll is good enough to eat by itself. Generous lobster portions and seasoning was perfect...no heavy mayo like other places. I actually met Luke at a climbing gym; maybe I should've taken him up on his offer to hook me up a bit. Luke, why did you take away my Indian restaurant!?
This place is good but not worth the money they charge. The lobster roll I got was the size of a hot-dog. It isn't worth the $15 per roll to not be full afterwards. There are plenty of great places in the area that are way cheaper, just as good, and more filling. No one wants to go back to work hungry.
I am by no means a Lobster Roll connoisseur, but have heard rave reviews of this place and was having lunch with a friend who lives in Battery Park and I owed her lunch. What a treat! First off, the guys here are awesome, friendly, funny and nice! Then the lobster roll.. I have had Eds, Pearl, Mary's.. and they are good, but I am not a fan of mayo and too much of it, and Luke's is perfectly about the lobster itself. The chowder was tempting, but the lobster roll was what I came for. Don't miss it!! It's no frills and just about the lobster roll :)
Great place with awesome food. Like many places NYC, there's not much curb appeal, but the inside so much cooler. Quality lobster roll and fast friendly service. Bring anyone here for a good time.
Went here for lunch on a weekday with a friend who was paying.  I ordered the Lobster roll combo which came with chips and a soda.  The lobster was good, then bun was buttery and who doesn't love potato chips but I have to say the portion was soooooo small.  It was the size of a dirty water dog and for $17 and I'm still hungry.  Let's just say I'm glad I didn't pay.  I guess that's the price of lobster now days.
Unbelievable lobster rolls, I used to frequent Luke's at least once a week when I worked downtown on Water Street until Hurricane Sandy caused my office to relocate.  Love the fact that Luke's doesn't dilute the flavor of the lobster with gobs and gobs of mayo.   Staff is always friendly and attentive, hope to visit again soon.
Alleluia!  I have died and gone to lobster heaven.  Having just started working in the area, I heard a mention of this place and then after seeing the line, realized this place had potential to be legit.  The place is small with nautical charm and though there is a line, the staff and limited menu make it move quickly.  There are about 3 different rolls to choose from, though I went for the main event, the lobster roll.  It was made quickly and was pure deliciousness.  The bread was light toasted with plump chunks of lobsters, lightly held together with just a touch of mayo, butter and spices.  It didn't feel heavy and the lobster was highlighted in every bit.  No fries would be my only disappointment, however wash it down with one of their many unique sodas, such as real ginger or blueberry.  Don't forget to grab one of their frequent diner cards and aim for a free roll!
This place sucks, a hot dog bun with some lobster meat for $20, are you serious?! If you want a taste of Maine by eating lobster, go to a seafood restaurant it will cost you just as much.
OMG sooooo good.... Find myself day dreaming about it. My only wish is that they were bigger.. I ordered the classic Lobster roll....  It was still delish!... Simply amazing
Had these sent to my office for lunch an they were absolutely delicious.  They don't use the hot dog buns, but little bread.  There are absolutely no fillers.  100% lobster and toasty bread. Also not complete without the cape cod chips!   Also they have shrimp and crab rolls.  Lobster isn't their only specialty!  It's a bit expensive at about 15 a roll but it's delicious.
Before headed to New York, my goal was to get a lobster roll and I succeeded. Weirdly enough, when I went to Luke's Lobster, I enjoyed the crab roll much more than the lobster. The crab was so sweet! The reviews on here say it was either over dressed or bland but I guess I was lucky because it was none of those things when I got it. It might have been because it was crab season. The shrimp roll was just ok. I ordered the Taste of Maine and also had some chowder. Overall, it was a good experience. They luckily had one table enough to fit my party of five. The rolls were great on a buttery piece of toast. The chowder was a nice consistency and taste. The people I was traveling with didn't enjoy it as much as me but it didn't have to do with the quality of Luke's more so than that they were tried of their travels and ready to get back home (unlike me). I think they were also surprised at the high price for pretty small portions. Not sure if I'd come back if I had a limited time in NYC but if I did, I'd just get the lobster or crab roll.
I got $7 off from Seamless
Not impressed. Prefer Ed's lobster bar so much more. But the decor in the restaurant is pretty awesome.
I used to live in this street. Their rolls are excellent. The lobster and crab tastes always fresh. The only reason why I put only 4 stars instead of 5 is that the rolls are quite small and quite pricy (16$ for the lobster roll). Also, they have a tendency to put way to much melted butter on top. When you know it, you can ask for light butter, which is better and preserve more lobster flavor. The place itself is fine and close to all the pubs from Stone Street. It is always great to make a short break between two drinks and have a lobster roll at Luke's.
The lobster roll was good.
This place is great if you love seafood and have a small stomach, or have money laying around to be spent. I had the Lobster Roll ($15 just for the roll. Initially comes with a drink, chips and pickles for $18) and England Clam Chowder ($8). The Lobster Roll was delicious. It comes in a size as small as a kid/teen sized hot dog. For a more accurate description, take a slice of sandwich bread, and fold it vertically down the middle. This is what your lobster will be placed in. The bread is actually nice and hot from being seared in butter, and the lobster is cold on a small layer of mayo and topped with an aromatic spice powder. It was so good that I wanted more, but the price wasn't worth it for me. The England Clam Chowder was also good an creamy. The clam wasn't strong nor slight, it was just perfect. But $8 for about 8 ounces of chowder? It's a bit too pricey for me. Not filling. I paid about $25 for a meal that did not satisfy me, but man was it good. Not really a place that I'd go weekly, but definitely worth a try.
Delicious rolls! I had the Taste of Maine which offers a sample of lobster, crab and shrimp. I could not decide which one I enjoyed more so I ordered another sampler. Fresh ingredients at their best!
As a first-timer I recommend the $20 Taste of Maine (half lobster roll, half crab roll, half shrimp roll) with soda and chips. Note the Noah's Ark deal just doubles everything. It is pricey for lunch and there's a reason they are called rolls and not sandwiches. You won't get stuffed, but will be full. Still, the rolls are flavorful and worth it though if have to choose one I'd get the crab roll. This is like eating a crab salad without the celery or green pepper - just shredded crab meat and butter! The lobster roll was similar except it had celery and bay seasoning. The shrimp roll was on the bland side but I still finished it, yeah. The place is barely bigger than a deli but it is bright and inviting. Customer turnover is low so finding a seat is tough. However, definitely will try to return on the next trip.
Luke's Lobster was love at first bite. You are seriously missing out if you have not had it yet. Every roll is amazing. I consider myself very fortunate to live within walking distance from this Fidi location. We order the Noah's ark every time to make sure we get a bit of everything, it's so damn good. The simple garlic, butter and lemon seasoning is perfect and doesn't overwhelm the roll. Luke's is definitely a favorite and I will keep coming back again and again.
Taste of Maine and a clam chowder to share.  Both were fresh and flavorful.   The lobster roll was fantastic: fresh buttery melt in your mouth delicious.  The clam chowder had large chunks of clam.   The size was enough that I was satisfied but didn't gorge myself.  The price was what I expected for quality seafood.   The seating is small with only 14 chairs, but if it's nice you can take your food to go, cross the street and eat outside at the picnic tables.   I'll be coming back.
That lobster roll is delicious! Large chunks of REAL lobster. The bread is nice and light and toasted just enough to give it some crunch. The lobster was left alone so you cam really appreciate the taste. The crab roll was also very good. Actually I liked the crab roll better but that's my preference. It's not to say that the lobster was not good. The shrimp roll got lost between the lobster and the crab. It did not stand a chance.   The clam chowder is very good. You can actually taste the clams. The only downside - the servi gs are small. Delicious but small.
I really liked Luke's Lobster.  They don't try to do too much with their Lobster Roll but just keep it simple and let the lobster do the talking. The Lobster Roll --  bit.ly/18eRtdq If you're expecting a foot long sandwich, you're not going to get that here, but you will get a nicely stuffed brioche roll with a nice amount a lobster and butter.  Ohhhh yeah!  If you've read my take on Lobster Rolls before I'll state it again, they're not meant to scarf down right away because you really have to chew out the flavor from the lobster which can actually take quite a while.  It was really flavorful and made for a good lunch! One thing I do have to seriously note about this location is there's a serious safety issue with the staircase that leads downstairs.  I probably saw 2-3 people almost accidentally plunge down from leaning on the door which isn't locked down.  There is a warning sign posted for it so hopefully no one has gotten injured. It's a great spot for lunch if you're in the area and have a good lobster roll craving.
1st time having a lobster roll wow delicious amazing the lobster was really fresh had the taste of maine  it came with shrimp,crab and lobster roll a really tasty meal comes with chip and a soda for 20 bucks  will go again for sure next time im in new york
Book mark Luke Lobster for a long time.. but I always did not come here or lunch.. Reason 1) 1 lobster roll will not fill my tummy 2) and I have to pay 16 dollars Thanks for a seamless 5 dollars deal.. I finally get myself to try the lobster roll.. I can say that Luke Lobster is my FAVORITE LOBSTER ROLL in Manhattan.. by far the BEST.. lobster are fresh and delicious.. coat with butter but not overload.. some pepper... bread was toasted to the perfect "crunchiness".. warm and not salty.. just LOVE IT.. And they are pretty generous with their lobster.. HUGE CHUNK OF LOBSTER!!! Lobsters are expensive anyway so 16 dollars is actually average... As much as I love you Luke, I can't come here that often.. because one lobster roll will not fill my stomach.. I know some of you will ask me to order a meal.. but I am not a fan of chips and soda.. but I promise I will return!! :) I will always think of you!
I liked this.  Honestly, it was my first time having a lobster roll (not from this part of the country, obviously).  Got the $17 deal (lobster roll, pickle, chips - salt & vinegar, and a designer soda).  BF got the special with 3 half rolls (crab, shrimp, and lobster).  Lobster definitely won out.  The lobster chunks were big and nicely seasoned, and nice and cold. Nice atmosphere and nice workers behind the counter.  Would definitely go back when the craving strikes. Very short walk from Battery Park.
An oasis among the tall towers. I love Luke's Lobster and this location was a great way to feel like a big shot with a few bucks. This one is a bit larger than the East Village location, but expect the same quality and freshness as with their other locations. I prefer the sweet crab over the lobster in taste, but the lobster has got all the looks. Even if you aren't Gordon Gekko, you can have lunch like Gordon Gekko at Luke's Lobster.
One of Luke's better locations in terms of decor with a nautical theme. The food is still great and comes in satisfying portion.  This location has plenty of seating and relatively close to everything in the financial district.  One of my staple places to go to for lunch.  If you're visiting with a bunch of people, I recommend ordering the Noah's Ark which is a sampler of the lobster, crab and shrimp rolls.
Alright folks, if you need to get your seafood on, you need to go to Luke's. I discovered Luke's last year while visiting NYC for work. One of the best discoveries I have made yet to date in the city. My personal favorite is the crab roll. Copious amounts of wonderfully shredded crab, drizzled with butter, topped with a fantastic salty seasoning, all stuffed to overflowing in a toasted, buttery bun. Be still, my heart. The lobster and shrimp rolls are also fantastic. And the whoopie pies! Lawd hammercy! I'll be hitting up Luke's as often as possible when I visit NYC.
Funny, I'm actually allergic to lobster, so I went for the crab roll...it almost melted in my mouth. So good! The seasoning is just right, the very generous portion is perfect, and the bun? Outstanding. My aunt had the lobster and gave the signature nod of approval. Definitely a repeat!
Small hole in the wall shanty in the financial district, actually walked by twice trying to find it on my Google directional. The "Maine land" which features a lobster, shrimp and crab roll actually half rolls smothered in butter is actually quite good I really enjoyed all 3 but the lobster was the best of course. They also give you a premium selection of soda and Cape Cod chips. For about $21, felt it was a little on the heavy side and I probably could've used another half roll or two but was quite tasty and I enjoyed it and I would come back if I was in need of a quick bite on the go because food is served quickly.  They also have $8 small bowls of soup I didn't sample. Keep in mind there is next to no seating perhaps about 10 people can crowd in on the wall length table and the one side table that fits 6.
Folks, this place is just simply incredible. It looks small and unattractive from outside, but really warm and nicely decorated as you step in. Food are fresh melting in your mouth, especially those toasts are delicious. We got the Crab Roll, Lobster Roll, Taste of Maine and decided to have those things for the rest of the trip in NYC. Btw, the soda is awesome as well.
This place was worth the walk in the freezing cold. I walked over 1/2 mile from the Hilton, couldn't feel my fingers by the time I got there, hell I couldn't feel anything. A little sampling of the three rolls followed by 2 full rolls (one lobster and one crab). I want to reiterate what a prior reviewer called out... The pickle and chips are complete filler on the way to nom nom nommyville with the shellfish of your choice roll.
best lobster roll i have ever had.  i went here twice in one week it was so good.  warm and flavor-full.  each time i went it wasnt busy but i went at off-peak times.  the portion size is great, a little pricey but this is NYC after all.  You want to eat more than 1...and believe me next time I am trying the sampler (3 rolls).  I will eat all of them and be in seafood heaven.  Do yourself a favor and make a stop here, you will not regret it
This place just opened near my sister's apartment and even after brunch, it was great to go and try their lobster rolls. Going to school in Boston, I was skeptical that  a NY joint could rival the Oyster Bar in Faneuil Hall. But Luke's is definitely delicious and they get the bun right with just enough butter. I might say it's better than Oyster Bar although it's been awhile so hard to tell. If you like lobster, definitely go to this place. Delicious!!
OMG! I walked by Luke's Lobster several times on the way to get lunch elsewhere. Yesterday I finally went in. Someone in the world has finally gotten it right. Buttered bun, mayonnaise, lobster and a dash a secret seasoning. SIMPLICITY AT IT'S BEST. No fillers, no added textures, just the basic ingredients, combined with care. I've never had a lobster roll like it in my life (actually I did today as I returned for lunch again to try the "Taste or Maine" )
delicious
Absolutely fantastic!  I wanted to try a little bit of everything, so I went with the Taste of Maine.  I was there for early lunchtime, so I was able to duck in before it got really busy.  The shrimp roll was perfectly flavored and hit the spot.  The crab roll was more mayo-y, but also very fresh and tasted amazing.  The lobster roll I saved for last to build up the anticipation and it did not disappoint!  Big chunks of lobster falling off the roll...and now I want to go back already. The biggest disappointment was the Empress crab claws really; though they would have been good on their own, they really paled in comparison to the rest of the food on the platter.  I found myself wishing I'd order the Noah's Ark instead! If you're hungering for a lobster roll, look no further than Luke's Lobster!
Nice, small spot with friendly service. Lobster rolls are pricey and small but delicious. They use large chunks of lobster with some butter and seasoning. Yum! Shrimp roll is good but not as good as the lobster roll. Soups are also tasty. Loved the selection of bottled craft sofas and beers. Overall it was an expensive lunch but unique and tasty. I think we'll save it for those once in a while casual lunch splurges.
Truly a taste of Maine in NYC. I'm no expert in lobster rolls, but I have had my fair share in Maine and this roll beat most of them. The lobster was fresh and there was a ton of it! It seemed like every bite came with a full claw. The roll was perfectly toasted with just the right amount of butter and mayo (which means not much at all). Even the guys who were working there the day we went were not your typical NYC restaurant workers. They had a laid back Maine-ish demeanor, which only added to the experience. This will become a must stop during future visits to NYC.
I heard about Luke's Lobster through Slapfish on Instagram. Slapfish liked a photo (or maybe shared a photo) about Luke's Lobster being named the Best Lobster Roll by some food magazine. Luckily, I saw this prior to our vacation to DC/NY because I have been wanting a delicious east coast lobster roll SO BAD. Luke's definitely came through for me! This location was very clean (which was nice after walking in the filth of NY all day) and incredibly cute! It is decorated like a boat at sea, which obviously makes sense since it is a seafood restaurant. They have shrimp, crab & lobster rolls. They have combos to make your life easier and even offer combos on the rolls where you can try all three at once. Jesse and I both got the lobster roll combo, I got mine with a soda, chips & a pickle for $17 while Jesse got his with beer, chips & a pickle for $20. You can have just the roll for $15, but why when you can have a full meal for just a couple more bucks? Great deal! They have maine root soda and specialty beers. Much like the aforementioned Slapfish, Luke's Lobster places great emphasis on sustainability. On their website, you can read about maine lobstering and sustainable practices. They're passionate about their craft! The lobster roll was so perfect. It was on the small side, but still delicious. The roll was buttery and toasted with a swipe of mayo... the lobster was chilled and tasted PERFECT. They don't do a lot to the lobster, which I like. I love the taste of seafood, lobster especially. I like that Luke's keeps it simple! I would definitely stop here again!
Amazing Lobster Roll, well worth the $$,  It will definitely be on the list as a lunch 'treat' as my wife may kill me if I eat here every day!
Okay. For the price, serving, and quality, this place is really badass. The lobster is always fresh. Every single time I go. There's this sexy butter coating that blows my mind every time. I usually make a big deal about the bread when it comes to sandwiches or, in this case, rolls. The bread is perfectly toasted. I can't even keep my clothes on.
Best lobter roll. Anyone have a better recommendation let me know
Lobster rolls will never taste the same to me again. Most of the lobster rolls I have had in my life are adulterated with too much mayo and sauce and then served on a gross hot dog bun or some other carbohydrate not worthy of remembrance. Luke's Lobster on the other hand knows how to serve it up well! The bread is buttered up and toasted. The lobster is seasoned in a way to complement the lobster flavor, as opposed to dousing it. While the portion is small and the price a little high, I kind of expect that from any establishment serving seafood. Happy hour is from 4-7, with $4 beers! They serve Allagash beers by the bottle, as well as a few others I can't remember. Yum!
Food: 4.5 Stars Ambience: chill, cool, casual/local small spot What we ordered: Taste of Main- which included: Half lobster roll- 4.5-5 Stars half crab roll- 4.5 Stars half shrimp roll- 4.5 Stars For someone who doesn't like shrimp...the shrimp roll blowed me away. That's when you know a place is good- when they make something you don't like taste fenomenal.
Something about Luke's is just better than the rest. I'm not sure whether it's the quality of the lobster meat, how it's prepared or the delicious bun (that may have a brush of butter). All you need to know is that it's delicious. The one thing is I can't compare it to lobster rolls in Maine because I've never been. I've been to the East Village location numerous times and I didn't notice a difference at the Fidi location. My recommendation for first timers is to order the lobster roll. The consistency of the lobster is amazing and lobster just pairs better with the drawn butter. My tip is to ask for extra drawn butter, pour it all over your roll, let it soak in, and then proceed to pour more on. It's okay, you can just run it off later.
Great lobster place in Fidi!  My co-workers and I actually went there opening day and have returned many Fridays since.  We love all of the rolls and the Maine Root soda is awesome.   As for comments on the price - are you really looking for an inexpensive lobster roll??
This place is A-OK. Considering this is downtown Manhattan I think this is a really cute spot and good place to nosh on a lobsta roll in FiDi. For those you New Englanders you will likely be disappointed. I first noticed the cutesy Pottery Barn meets Marine Outlet-esque decor and was grateful it wasn't tacky like a Long John Silver's or a Captain D's. Bear in mind there are bird houses larger than this place. There's maybe 12 seats in the whole place, oh and don't fall down the stairs to the galley when you order. Those steps looked really steep. Your best bang for your buck is a combo, and although I don't drink much The Taste of Maine was my target with a tasty Allagash. Sadly to not get the drink (soda or beer) or chips (Kettle Chips), it's not great value, but I would prefer a healthy side option than potato chips. The Taste of Main was ok. It's enough for 1. A prior yelper said there was enough for two... maybe two toddlers but not two adults. Let me save everyone some hassle. Just get the lobster roll here. The shrimp roll was not very good. The crab roll was interesting. It didn't taste bad, but it didn't really taste fresh either. The crab meat was all shredded as opposed to lump meat which was kind of a turn off. The lobster roll was tasty and I appreciate that it wasn't dripping in butter or mayo or that the bread was really fried and greasy. I also tried the clam chowder which was very good. So I got the Taste of Maine (with a beer and chips) and a chowda (including the necessary oyster crackers) for $32 including tax. Can't say it's a great value, but some of it was really tasty. I plan to tell people about this place and I'm not opposed to coming by again, but stick with the lobster rolls and the chowder.
The rolls are always excellent, and the staff is great. The express line was not so express today.
Wow! One of the best Lobster Roll's I have had. Lobster was fresh and the roll was amazing. Wish it was bigger!
I must admit that I am a Pearl fan.  But this is really darn close, maybe even a tie in my book, for best lobster roll in NYC.  I don't like a roll that's too saucy and this is just right.  A little more simple than Pearl but still extremely tasty and well seasoned.  Not a long wait, so it's convenient to run in and grab lunch to go.
I'm a huge foodie but don't care to do reviews. I thought I would start today.   Size: Yes, it's not too big but for me it was perfect! Quality not quantity! Worth the buck?: YES! It was so good. I am from San Francisco and I've had many lobster rolls but non compare to this. Buy it!!!
I had the Lobster roll.  It was tasty and sufficient though a bit pricey for it to be all claw meat.  I've paid the same amount in Martha's Vineyard for all tale lobster rolls but since this is the FiDi area, I'm not surprised.  I would definitely go back!
Fantastic taste of the sea. The last time I took Lobster roll and it was so delicious! If you are in NYC you can't miss this stop,
Amazing.  Reminds me of sitting on a dock in Maine.
Great food!!!! We recommend the Noah Ark of you were going with couple of people. Noah ark is the taste of Maine x2 and you save couple bucks! You get 3 different kind of rolls~ crab roll, lobster roll and shrimp roll- chips and drinks! For your soda get "blueberry soda" the service is great! only downside is theres not enough seating. We walked across the street and there's a seating area outside that you can enjoy food and surrounding.
Superb! Lobster roll fo-sho! Great place to chill and have a beer! Great atmosphere!
One of my favorite lunch spots in the FiDi area. Their lobster rolls are the best. I've visited Maine and lived in Boston for 5 years so I know what really good, fresh seafood and lobster is about and this really is it. This place has the best lobster rolls outside of New England. The rolls are toasted with a little butter and a brush of mayo. The lobster is super fresh and has a little seasoning sprinkled on top. Pure perfection! It's a little pricey for a lunch, but  worth every penny! I've also recently tried their seasonal grilled cheese and lobster sandwich, which is really good, but I think I prefer the traditional lobster roll.
Overrated and overpriced.  Lobster role was OK, but only because of the bunch of butter and seasoning.  For $15, you can get a whole pizza that's tastier and a much better value.  The "restaurant," in fact, is more like a take-out pizza joint with a few high tables and shelves to eat on.  Don't bother going here.
Where is the lobster tail meat? Indeed Luke's lobster rolls have gotten more and more popular, started with the original east village location, then upper east, then FiDi...they kept expanding. Buns are toasted just right, mouth watering fresh sea food toppings and their spicy mayo sauce, who can resist? Here is my Question to all Luke's eater, when is the last time you found a piece of legit lobster tail meat on your bun? I've had Luke's for 3 years, it seems like every time, no matter how many rolls I order, there was never really a piece of tail meat. Do they just magically disappear some how? or do they never really use tail meat and sell all the tails to other restaurants? Don't be distracted and pay attention to your next Luke's lobster roll, and maybe upload a picture that show us a recognizable tail piece? The Chelsea market lobster place have rolls that come with legit pieces of tail meat, but the sauce isn't as refreshing as Luke's spicy mayo.
So I was visiting NYC for work and was staying at the Financial District area.  It was dinner time and I needed something good and different to eat.  I also didn't want to go somewhere far and within walking distance.  I looked up my trusty Yelp to find new places to eat around where I was staying at and luckily Luke's Lobster popped up and was only a few short steps from my hotel.  Once I entered he restaurant I fell in love with it.  Everything from decor and the staff were awesome.  I love the detailing of the decor and it really made me feel like I was at the harbor minus the ocean.  I ordered the Taste of Maine which was an awesome deal because I get to sample each of their rolls in one complete meal.  It also included two Jonah crab claws and a side of chips and soda.  There was so much rave about their Maine Root Soda so I had to try it out and you know what, I loved it!  I got the sarsaparilla one and it was so good that I could have chugged a gallon of it.  Anyone visiting or staying in that area should definitely stop by and grab a wonderful meal there.  I promise you that you won't regret it!  Ciao!
Best lobster roll & shrimp roll I've ever had! It is a bit pricy for the combos, but it's totally worth it. The rolls have so much flavor it's insane how delicious each bite has. Definitely one of my favorites downtown!
My mistake, Luke's just reopened last Thursday!  Good to know as I've been missing the place.  Thank you for the update Luke!
It was 90 degrees out. You could have gotten a generous serving of fruits from the fruit cart for $2.50 or a nice refreshing salad to cool off your day. But you were one sad lad who had zero self respect and went to Luke's Lobster for nine times the price and ten times the calories. I would have done the same. You take a piece of lightly toasted bread, smother it with butter, put a crap-tone of lobsters on it, mayo that thing, put some of their "secret spice" and you're good to go. Add two bucks to the fifteen and you can choose between their 5 flavors of kettle chips and a drink. I like their Lemonade. Add another dollar you can get beer instead. Its a work day but I'm not judging you bro. The sandwich itself looks small but it will fill you up. There are seatings available but the place is small and there's always a line for lunch. So its a gamble if you're planning to sit in. Or you can just take your date (who is probably your coworker... again, no judging) to Stone st. and utilize them public outside seating. Okay its not really public but don't ask don't tell ;) Approx 10-15 mins wait.
First timer at Luke's.  Ordered the schooner from the window out front. The person behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.  The order only took about 5 minutes and even though I was asked which chips and which drink I wanted when I paid, I was asked again when my order was given to me.   That part didn't make any sense to me.  Bill came out to $18 and change after tax.  Yikes!  The lobster roll is pretty small.  It's not really in a bun but rather on a piece of toasted bread.  There definitely was a lot of lobster in it and instead of putting the mayo mix on the lobster, they put it on the bun.  I felt like I would have preferred it more on the lobster itself.  If you're looking for pure lobster, then this is the place for you.  Also, there was a choice of root beer or blueberry soda.  I really don't like root beer and I don't like blueberries either but after speaking to the cashier, I decided to try the blueberry soda.  The blueberry soda is really awesome.  Might be back to try the soups another day and pick up another blueberry soda. :)
Hey, as far as lobster rolls go, this place needs to be bookmarked in your gps.  I wanted something different for lunch while in the area, so I gave this a shot on a pals recommendation. The cat was right; this place is delicious.
a little pricey but man do they give you a fat amount of lobster in that bread!  the choices of chips and speacialty sodas were really good, spent 18 on a lobster roll, specialty soda, chips, and a pickle.
I had heard about Luke's Lobster for a long time, but had never had a chance to try it out.  Now, that I have tried it, I have been about 5 or 6 times in the last month and a half - no joke! I have tried their lobster grilled cheese and their clam chowder.  I will say that I haven't tried the regular lobster roll because I am more of a CT lobster roll fan (warm with butter) rather than a ME lobster roll fan (chilled with mayo) and they only serve it Maine-style.  I know - for SHAME - I should stick with Maine! haha Anyway!  Their lobster grilled cheese is pretty darn good!  I was a little surprised the first time I had one because it is literally a white bread grilled cheese sandwich with lobster in the middle, but it tasted awesome, so I wasn't really worried about the presentation. Their claim chowder (New England, of course!) is TO DIE FOR!  So hearty and full of clam meat!  They also give you oyster crackers.  Definitely a meal in itself! They also have various Maine-made sodas including root beer, orange, blueberry, etc.  You can get a meal (add Cape Cod chips and a soda) for only $2, which is great. It is a bit expensive for lunch, but so worth it as the everything is delicious.  I may break down one day and try their Maine lobster roll just because.  For now, I'm happy with the lobster grilled cheese, chowdah and chips! :-)
After reading many positive reviews on Yelp about Luke's Lobster, my family and I put it on our list of places to eat while in NY for Spring Break.  Now that we are back in CA and have reviewed our best and worst experiences, Luke's Lobster scored #1 on everyone's list.  The Noah's Ark was the perfect way for us to each taste three amazing sandwiches without being too full to enjoy them.  The only drawback was the tiny dining area - our party of four had a difficult time finding seats together because the room only offers 1 table (with 6 chairs) and a bar around two walls that offer a total of 8 additional chairs.  Two customers had claimed the table for six and a second couple sat in the center of the wall of bar chairs, so my family and I had to move a chair from another part of the restaurant and sit crammed together in a place that was better suited for three at most.  Good thing the food was so delicious - after one bite we didn't mind being crammed together in a corner.
We came by recommendation and while on the hunt for something quick and tasty in the Financial District. We all got the combos with shrimp, lobster, and crab rolls with a side of chips and beer. Overall, all were good, decent quality, decent size, but nothing mind boggling. The shrimp felt like a cop-out because they were smaller shrimp (smaller than what I would serve guests if hosting a party). The lobster and crab were fresh but flavor-wise very standard. Also, with the lobster, some sandwiches had all tail pieces while others had all claw pieces - not really fair to their patrons! Overall, I thought it was a good meal but wouldn't "recommend" it as a hot spot, but rather a good option for another day's lunch. And I will say, now that I know there are locations all across the city, it's not as attractive :P
i tried their lobster roll, shrimp roll, crab roll, crab claws and clam chowder.  none of which inspires a retake.  the lobster rolls in Maine and Sam's Chowdermobile in California i have had outshine Luke's by far.
I love the simplicity of this place. You can get a lobster, crab, or shrimp roll. With or without Cape Cod chips, a pickle, and a soda, or beer. Can't decide? Try the Taste of Maine, which is a sampler portion of all three rolls. It can get very crowded during the lunch rush and evening, but if the weather is nice you can find a place outside in the area to devour your lobster roll. Or wait around a bit until someone leaves, because it doesn't take long to eat a meal here. Hell, you can consume your roll standing up. Oh, and everyone who works here is awesome.
coming from Boston, the lobster roll here was terrible. tiny portion size, overpriced, doesn't even taste flavorful, never getting a lobster roll from nyc again
I've been a fan of Luke's for awhile now and have always gone to the East Village location. Moving down to Fidi however has changed the location of my local Luke's and boy is it an improvement. Food quality is always great (at both locations). I get the Lobster Roll and New England Clam Chowder. Lobster rolls are brimming with meat and fresh. The bread is perfectly toasted, mayo is a great addition and the seasoning harmonious with these two elements. New England clam shower is creamy and chunky, full of clams and potatoes - yummy! This location also boosts an awesome staff and a lot more space than the one in the east village. You can actually find seats to sit down here and have lunch and the employees are always down for a chat. A definite go-to if you're down in Financial District and one of the places I make sure to take out-of-towners when they come to visit me. Make sure you get a punch card - it'll be worth your while :).
Wow!! You can't go wrong with anything you try.
I work in the area and have passed by this place many times while scouring for things to eat during my lunch hour. I'm not by all means a lobster roll connoisseur, but I was spoiled by the deliciousness of The Lobster Place in Chelsea and have been struck by random cravings for lobster rolls lately. So why not splurge once in a while for lunch, right? The restaurant is small and cozy, reminiscent of a New England lobster shack. I ordered a lobster roll, waited for about 5 minutes then went on my merry way to devour this $16 snack. To my utter disappointment, this snack did not live up the hype. The lobster was indeed fresh, but flavorless. It was also tinier than other lobster rolls I've had (or maybe I'm delusional). I expected bursts of butter or whatever it is that they put in lobster rolls, but I tasted nothing? I personally don't like the overly crisp buns, so that was an issue as well. Honestly if I had this lobster roll as my first time I wouldn't think lobster rolls are gifts from heaven. Maybe this is what typical lobster rolls are like in Maine? (Plain and boring?) but I'm not a fan. I knew I wasn't going to be full from one, but I at least expected satisfaction! Definitely not worth the expensive price.
Lobster roll was everything I hoped it would be, rich, creamy and delicious!!
Very high quality food in this quaint little hole in the wall. Lobster rolls are amazing   If you are looking for low prices steer clear, but what do you expect from a place that offers lobsters?  Offers all organic drinks (beer and sodas). I am still hungry but a great experience.
My wife, daughter and I had lunch at Luke's Lobster in the Financial District, today. We arrived at noon and just beat the lunch crowd. There's minimal seating, mostly narrow ledges with stools facing the wall, but we got the lone peninsula table that has face to face seating for six. The counter guys are friendly and helpful; they actually smile and laugh. $16.99 for a lobster roll, a pickle spear, a bag of gourmet potato chips and a soda? In Manhattan? Really, Eric (aka the counter guy)? The rolls are small, New England style hotdog rolls that are toasted and buttered. They're filled with minimally dressed cool to cold lobster, including claw meat, and sprinkled with just a tiny bit of what looked and smelled to me like finely ground thyme. These lobster rolls are about as perfect as lobster rolls can get. And when paired with a bag of Miss Vickie's Sea Salt and Malt Vinegar Premium Kettle Cooked Potato Chips and a Maine Root Rootbeer, they're heaven on a hot, sunny day. Did I mention that the lobster roll, pickle, chips and soda combo costs only $16.99? Wow!
lobster lover? seafood lover? shoot then you found yourself the spot to go to. ummm... lobster roll... mouth watering just looking at it. ordered: *noah's ark $44.00 perfect for sharing between 2 people. you each get half a lobster roll, half a crab roll, and half a shrimp roll each. you each also get 2 bottled drinks and 2 bags of chips. lobster and crab were my favorite. you can taste the freshness of the lobster, crab, and shrimp. it's pretty meaty. this place is pretty legit. portion size is small but it does fill you up. i would recommend this if you want to try just a little bit of everything. *clam chowder-not the best i've had but not the worst. it falls right in the middle. just the right amount of clams and potatoes. it does come piping hot. so be careful. the breakdown: you order. you pay. they call your order. you pick it up. you eat. you throw away your own trash so please clean up after yourself. overall, i'm a fan. i have had better lobster rolls flavor wise but i have to say that luke's lobster is the freshest i've ever tasted. they make everything while you wait. they do deliver. the staff are friendly and nice. luke's lobster emphasizes that their items tastes like it is from maine. i would recommend luke's because it's pretty legit and definitely is worth a try if you're a lobster roll fan like me. tips: *they have a stamp rewards card. *cash and credit card accepted. *they recycle bottles. *they have the scriacha hot sauce. *pretty easy to miss because it looks run down on the outside. *located in the financial district. *super short walking distance from the staten island ferry. *unique bottled sodas. *no restroom *indoor seating only. *they have many locations. *they have toothpicks if you need it. *prices are a bit high. *delivery is available.
My family and I were so glad to find Luke's Lobster on Yelp while visiting New York for the weekend! We all got lobster rolls - sandwich, chips, pickle and a beer for $20. It was worth it!
Should have paid more attention to the many reviews that mention the -tiny- portion sizes here. All the mention of moist lobster meat in crispy buns and drawn butter got me hungry and craving to check this out. Don't get me wrong - it's as good as it gets in the taste department. Lots of pure lobster meat (no tail though), just the right amount of seasoning / spices / mayo / butter, hot dog bun toasted to perfection. However, this is about the size of a small hot dog - all of $1 - from the food carts. I'm not a big eater, and avoid buffet places in general as I feel I lost out. believe me when I say I could eat 3 of these rolls without batting an eye. When I received my take-out order, the bag felt lighter than a 3 year old's lunch. And cost me 16 and change, roll only, with tax. So, lovely taste, nice place, premium food, but go big. If you are getting rolls only, get 2 and a soup, or get 3. Try the large platters. Figure spending at least $30 to get a filling lunch.
Hands down one of the best lobster rolls I have ever had. The reasoning being that it was big - overflowing with fresh lobster, delicious, and came out of a food truck so maybe my expectations were low to start. Regardless the roll was great. Of course it was pricey, but really good. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because I have only tried one thing from the food truck and have never been to one of the many locations they have. I'll definitely grab one the next time I see that truck and look forward to checking out an actual restaurant because if they can create such good food in a truck, I would think an establishment would be even better.
Not much to report here, only incredibly fresh hunks of lobster, placed on a crisp, toasted bun and served with a  generous portion of butter. This comes with a soda, bag of chips and a pickle for $17,which is certainly a splurge for lunch but totally worth it. I work with someone who is almost exclusively motivated by Luke Lobster Rolls. A job well done? A Luke's Lobster reward is justified. Fall short? Luke's Lobster will make it all better. The lobster can celebrate the arrival of a long weekend or commiserate the end of a holiday. It can usher in the arrival of nice weather - eat it to go at the nearby Elevated Acre - or take away the sting of downtown's windy winters - eat at the few tables inside the building. Also recommended: coming here after work where the soda can be swapped for a beer for only $3 more. Downtown dining offers much worse food for much higher prices. Perhaps the distinguishing or at least landlocked client would like a  roll and the meal can be charged back to the company. There are no bad deals if the end result is a Luke's Lobster roll!
yeah big fan of this - simple and delicious food - had a lobster and shrimp roll, great rootbeer and sriracha sauce - yummy, gotta try to control myself going back too often!
Luke's Lobster has pretty fresh seafood. This place isn't a typical restaurant with waiters. You go up to the counter, order your food and they give you a number. When your meal is ready, they call you up and you get it yourself. The sandwiches have good large chunks of lobster, crab and shrimp in it. My friend and I got the combo for two which included half a lobster, crab and shrimp sandwich, soda and chips for each person. It came out to be around $20 each. This sounds like a lot of food but the portions were not very big so I would say if you are very hungry, the combo may not be enough food. They had some very interesting choices for soda and I chose the ginger beer which was delish. We came on a Friday night and the place was not crowded but I can imagine if we came for lunch on a weekday it would be as there is limited seating.
If you want honest pure lobster, crab, or shrimp meat without much other ingredients, you would like their sandwiches. The sandwiches, however, are much smaller than you think though.  I've ordered Taste of Maine, which consists of half lobster, crab, and shrimp sandwiches.  The bread was delicious. The meats were not much seasoned. They tasted firm but not sweet.  Overall a good experience though.
The lobster roll was delicious. They gave plenty of lobster meat. It was a little pricey but lobster is expensive. They offer a good selection of beers. It's a small place and can be packed during lunchtime.
Best lobster Roll I have ever had!  Can't believe this exists west of the east end.
Although its a chain.  In New York City, it always hits the spot for lobster and seafood rolls.  They have a great selection of craft beers that pair welll with the food.  I also really like the chips they have.  It is pricy and the rolls are small but hey its fresh lobster.
Fantastic lobster roll.  Only downside is the price for  what is a relatively small sandwich.
Love the lobster roll here. It's a bit pricy, the portion of a small hotdog size = $15, but the food is just heavenly.
Today was my first experience eating at Luke's Lobster and I was blown away by the food.  It was phenomenal!  Me and hubbie had the Taste of Maine combo and loved it.  I loved the lobster roll and wouldn't have it any other way.  The butter and the fresh lobster was amazing.  My hubbie preferred the shrimp roll which was just as good.  Plus, the NE clam chowder was the best I've ever had!  Luke's will definitely be on my list of recos to friends!
Having a craving for a lobster roll, I came here for lunch. The restaurant has a few bar stools and counters if you want to eat in. I ordered the following: Lobster Roll- the roll was fluffy and buttery with a generous serving of lobster meat. Very flavorful. Seafood soup special- Big chunks of seafood with every bite. Delish Both came to about $20. It's a bit pricy and just barely filled this fatty up. Though it's worth it to splurge once in a while. My wallet and heart will thank me for not coming here everyday for lunch due to the price and the high fat content of the food.
I got the Schooner lobster roll combo and a bwl of the shrimp & corn chowder.  The guy behind the counter was cheerful and super helpful, the food was served promptly and was scrumpti-licious! I loved this restaurant, and will definitely be back next time I'm in the Big Apple.
This is my new found favorite lobster roll place. Taste way better than the SAMs chowder here in the Bay Area. I think like needs to open one up in the Bay Area. Love lobster!!!!!
This review is really about the lobster roll itself and not the restaurant, which is really more of  takeout joint.  The lobster roll is outstanding.  It is simple, but elegant.  NE style bun, toasted perfectly.  Not a lot of mayo, which is nice.  The lobster meat really shines.  Sweet, meaty, high quality seafood.  Near-perfect execution.  The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars was because it's a bit expensive for what it is.  But the quality of the food is stellar.
Got their lobster roll. I'm not a big fan of lobster, but I really enjoyed it! Yummy! They have some interesting sodas and beers too. The rolls are just the right portion too!
Lobster roll was amazing! It was a bit pricey but you don't regret it after one bite. Keep in mind that the roll wasn't really that big so you might want to order additional food. We tried the bisque and it wasn't that good. However, the amazing lobster roll made up for it.
Came here upon a Saturday evening around 6pm.  It was pretty empty with a few people eating, but not packed at all.  Bf and I have yet to try this place, despite us being very close to the Luke's Lobster in the East Village, but today was National Lobster Day, and I wanted to have lobster!   We both got their "Taste of Maine," which was their 3 sampler meal that included a sampler of the lobster roll, shrimp roll, and crab roll.  Out of all of the rolls I've tried, the lobster one was my favorite.  It had lots of lobster meat, and not a lot of mayo overpowering the lobster flavor.  The shrimp roll was very nice, with small sweet shrimps.  My least favorite was the crab roll.  The dill and mayo flavor was too overwhelming for me, though my bf said there wasn't that much on his (and that ended being his favorite).   The meal also comes with a drink and bag of chips.  Also, we were given one of restaurant stamp cards.  We were given 2 stamps for our 2 meals, plus our cashier gave us 1 extra stamp on the house just because it was National Lobster Day.  Everyday should be National Lobster Day! :)
for $18 i think your getting like half a lobster there. loved the bun that came with the lobster roll! the meal was great with the ginger soda + salt and vinegar chips
There are lobster rolls and then there is Luke's Lobster. Not only were these lobster's picked from the seas of heaven, but they were crafted, seasoned, and prepared by the hands of Greek gods who moved to New York. This was the BEST lobster roll I have ever had. I'm from Massachusetts and frequent the shores of Maine but this lobster roll was incredible. The atmosphere of the restaurant makes you feel like you are with Mark Wahlberg and George Clooney prior to them shipping off to the fight against the Perfect Storm. This was incredible. Paired up with the famous Cape Cod chips and fine Maine Ale's this place is the best! If you want an outstanding lunch or dinner you come here no questions asked. Only pass up on one of these restaurants if you enjoy missing a meal of a lifetime. The rolls are filled and packed. I had two because after one I was full and I needed to quench the need to be a glutton. I need this to make it's way to Boston. Even though I am sad to leave I now know I have a place to come when I need an amazing bite to eat.
I've been hearing about Luke's Lobster for some time now and never had a chance to try it. I finally went last week and it was fantastic! Walked in to a small place with about approximately seven stools for people to sit on and a small kitchen with four employees. I was expecting a menu so I can figure out what I want but there was a chalk board with items listed on there. I ordered the chowder and the famous lobster roll with chips and a soda. Lobster Roll - Decent sized roll with a LARGE amount of lobster meat in it. The seasoning was delicious. I wanted more but I know I wouldn't have been able to finish it since I was full from the first roll. Chowder - Came in a medium sized cup and also gave crackers along with it. The soup was decent but I would not order it again. Next time I would order 2 rolls instead of the soup. Soda: There was quite a few selections of sodas. Mexican Cola - Did not expect the flavor to be the way it was. It was a bit musky mixed with bitterness. Lemon-Lime - I ordered this in hopes that it would be similar to a sprite. It was pretty good, light and refreshing! Definitely better than the cola! Overall experience with Luke's, FOUR STARS! I would definitely go back whenever I have a chance for the delicious Lobster Rolls~
I've never been to Luke's Lobster but oh my goodness I'm coming back! I came here with a co-worker. If we knew that the food was going to be that good, we would've ordered the Noah's Ark and split it. We both ordered the lobster roll and we both enjoyed it. The roll itself is small but the lobster portions were generous and filling. As much as I like this place, I can't frequent it. It's still on the pricey side, not to mention the lobster roll itself is very rich. When my wallet permits, I'll make it a point to come here.
They have the best bread! Warm bread with delicious lobster, no one can resist! and the price is a steal. A lobster roll costs only 15 dollars! My friend recommended me this place, now I almost go there twice a week. Owners are pretty chill btw. Try crab rolls too, 12 dollars each.
Luke's is great. One thing that is awesome about Luke's is that they accommodate people who have food allergies. I have never really been able to enjoy a real lobster roll, crab roll, etc. before Luke's. I am allergic to mayo and mustard... And almost every lobster roll, crab cake, crab roll, shrimp roll, etc is made with either one or both of those condiments. And asking them to make it without those items is like asking them for their first born's liver and pancreas, or just elicits a resounding NO along with a stinkface. Luke's is ready for people like me.... They make absolutely awesomely scrumptious rolls that use seasoned clarified butter (I think) as the binding agent, instead of mayo! Seriously.... This is BIG news for people like me. Not to mention the seriously awesome rolls, but they also have great chowder as well. It's a rocking little joint, decked out like a Maine seafood shack, just south of Stone Street. The place is clean, Maine nautical themed, the workers are young, very friendly, and very accommodating... Nice joint. It's a little bit high priced for an everyday lunch joint, but you're getting lobster and crab bub... Didya think is was gonna be five bux? Highly recommend!
