We were just here earlier today for our anniversary date, we were at the main dining toom. I just have to give three stars and i will explain why. First, the three stars is actually for the attentive service, warm decor, very kind comp as the anniversary gift. If it weren't for the service I really don't think gramercy would get the three stars. Second, to me when you are dining out at a place like Gramercy Tavern- I would rather see a well executed dish than all other things. I think the food should be the center of everything, i would rather recieve an okay service but awesome food and not the other way around. First course: squid ink pasta with whatever it was- it was just okay there was nothing special. Ruby red shrimp-the shrimp was cooked perfectly but it was just bleh..it's coated in sesame and some peas puree. I was disappointed. Second course: sea bass with peanut curry sauce. I appreciate the freshness and a perfectly cooked bass but come on...the curry just killed the whole dish. Lamb was good but it could use a little bit more component-i have to say that i enjoyed the tatsoi and hen of the wood mushroom. Maybe it was just a fluke that I had to experienced, i hope it was since its coming from one michelin star restaurant, at least get the food right. I would probably be back to try the tavern menu, hopefully it's not as disappointing as the main dining room.
We celebrated our first anniversary at GT and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. From my strawberry basil cocktail to the excellent service to the seasonal and vegetarian tasting menus to the three desserts and dessert wines to the petit fours to the goodbye coffee cakes, we just had fun. The docked star is because we just weren't 100% impressed with every dish -- for example, the marinated cucumber was a little boring, and the nectarine cobbler/tapioca dish just tasted weird (maybe excess thyme?). Other than that, an all-around delicious 3 hours. Get a table in th corner so you can watch the whole restaurant.
I felt the urge to write a review on this place, because of the amazing experience I had here over the weekend. I'm from North Carolina, and was in the city visiting a good friend. He told me it was a MUST to have dinner at The Gramercy Tavern, and without a doubt, he was right. From the mesmerizing decor, to the outstanding service, the incredible food ... everything was absolute perfection. We normally prefer dining at the bar, and I love how this place is set up so patrons can be put on a 'wait list' at the bar versus standing around waiting to pounce on the next person that might be leaving. We enjoyed a drink while waiting for our seats, and I must say, it was an enjoyable wait! There's such a quaint, calming ambiance about the place ... Once seated, the service was outstanding. We 'split' The Meatball, the Mushroom Lasagna and the Pulled Pork Sandwich. [because he said I had to try all three!!] They brought each course to us on our own plates and you'd never know it was a split dish. The Meatball was the best I have ever had in my life. Ever. I felt I had died and gone to heaven! The other dishes were incredibly delicious as well, but that Meatball ... oh, I'll dream of it until I'm able to visit again and enjoy it once more. We split the Butterscotch Bread Pudding for dessert, it was outstanding. I just can't praise The Gramercy enough, it was a place I wanted to sit and spend my entire evening! This restaurant completely made my trip to NYC. Kudos to the chefs and bartenders, and everyone who makes this restaurant the place it is. I can't wait to return and enjoy the sights, sounds, and impeccable taste of Gramercy again. By far, the best dining experience of my life!
I've only really done cocktails here (many a time) and I love it every time. The concord crush is A-Mazing and one of my favorite drinks of all time. Simple and delicious. Please try it!
We did the $92 tasting menu in the dining room during the Easter long weekend. Let me first off just say that the service was SPECTACULAR. It was one of the most fantastic service experiences of my life, and for that, the visit is 3 stars. If I was rating this on the food? I don't know that I would give it beyond a 1.5 (if I could give half stars). Let me explain: The $92 price point gets you 3 courses: an app, a main and a dessert. Unless exquisite ingredients, or unusual or pricey elements are being served, you can not justify that cost. For example, the main course menu consisted of 4 fish dishes, a pork loin (and we all know pork loin is about $4) and a lamb dish. Not one red meat? Not a filet? A tenderloin? Seared scallops? Tuna steak? Anything interesting and remotely 'luxury'? I found it extremely odd, and cheap of the establishment, frankly. While the steak tartare I had for my appetizer was delicious, it was maybe 4 small bites of food, no more than a palm size in circumference and sitting only about half inch off the plate. At the time I wasn't too bummed about that knowing I had 2 more courses to go. I had flounder for my main course and it was cooked PERFECTLY. Moist, beautiful piece of meat. However, it sat in almost a soup amount of sauce that completely overpowered the delicateness of the fish and made it too heavy to eat. My boyfriend had the lamb and he said it was fine, but nothing to write home about. Dessert I had a chocolate dessert that was too dry and bland. My boyfriend had the selection of sorbets or gelatos that again were just 'ok'. We had a beautiful bottle of Amarone that the incredible waiter tried 3 bottles of before he was satisfied enough with it to serve it. (Do they have a wine storage issue that 2 out of 3 bottles were corked? Anyway, not my problem and they were fantastic about discovering the issue themselves so I wasn't "that" asshole that sent back 2 bottles of wine in a row). We were also given a complimentary glass of ice wine and a baked good to take with us when we left. Oh, and the cocktails off the special cocktails menu we had just prior to dinner were also fantastic. I can't rave enough about the service - and I am more than happy to pay extra for the experience of dining somewhere where the staff is so committed to rocking the shit out of their job. That being said, it didn't make up for the 'meh' culinary experience. Go to the Tavern, order a la carte, and enjoy the wonderful service for less than $400 for 2 people.
Slow service. Boring menu. Average food. Dull dining room.... I'm really struggling to understand the hype here. The two stars are solely for the burger which my meat obsessed husband said was one of the best he's had. Ever! Other than that "meh".
I have only been a couple of times and love it. I always eat steak here and the service is always been great
Couldn't get enough of the rum & cider, which added to the charm of a winter lunch with friends.   The christmas decorations and flowers were STUNNING, the environment warm and engaging without being too noisy.   Encore ...
Let me start by saying the staff of Gramercy Tavern is incredible!  The service is just simply awesome!  You are treated like royalty.  The attention to detail and class of service is impeccable.  We decided on the seasonal tasting menu and everything was delicious.  Smaller portions but the six courses add up to a filling meal at the end.  Great flavors, quality ingredients and perfect preparation made for a great dining experience.  They chose a great beer pairing with each course and for a very reasonable price.  They didn't throw in any beers that cost a fortune. The attention to detail in everything done at Gramercy is something to experience for sure.  A great example is when we could not decide on the tasting menu dessert or cheese and opted for the dessert they gave us the cheese on the house and said we needed to have both, awesome!! Ana our server was amazing. Let me say again, the staff was fantastic and the best service i have ever had.  All the little touches make Gramercy Tavern a must try.
Truly incredible dining experience.  We went for our fifth wedding anniversary celebration, and were so happy that we did.  Romantic, fun, sexy and superb service. Our meal started with complimentary glasses of champagne to welcome us to the restaurant and congratulate us on our anniversary.  Our waiter was incredibly attentive and friendly. We went with the tasting menut.  For appetizers, we had the Smoked Trout with Cipollini Purée and Pickled Onions.  Beef Tartare with Bulghur, Charred Red Onion and Pistachio.   The chef also sent out an appetizer of Tomato Spaghetti with Cherry Tomatoes, Shishito Peppers and Basil Pasture for us to try.  So delicious and very thoughtful!   For entrees:  Hubby had Raised Chicken & Sausage with Sugar Snap Peas, Carrots and Smoked Onion.  I had the Roasted Lamb with Summer Squash, Shishito Peppers and Toasted Sesame Seeds.   For dessert we went with just a couple of coffees.  They sent out a dessert of Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding Whipped Crème Fraiche and Chocolate Raspberry Ice Cream on the house.  With our dinner check, we received homemade coffee cakes to take with us for our morning coffee. All in all, it was an incredibly pleasurable experience.  We were happy that we picked Gramercy for our special occasion.  We were so well taken care of and it was a meal we won't soon forget.
I went on a decadent tour of a few nice restaurants including Per Se, Babbo, Sushi Yasuda, and Gramercy Tavern.  All in all, I felt that Gramercy Tavern was the best experience overall as it's reasonably priced, but it was also the tastiest to me. The other big part about Gramercy Tavern is the service can't be beat.  It's not stuffy, and they are quite accommodating.  I don't know if it's just me, but at some restaurants I feel like they can be a bit snobby cause I look young or something.  Or maybe they're mad cause of good genes? Anyhow, 3 of the 4 of us ordered the prix fixe, and they actually let us do that!  Other restaurants get super-strict that everyone must do it.  Plus they even offered a few extra dishes to the person who didn't go prix fixe. So service was excellent, but how was the food?  Amazing!  There were some nice raw fish dishes as well as cooked fish.  There was some veal and duck.  The dessert was some mousse-ish type thing that was amazing as well. I could eat that meal all over again.  I've only gone once so far, so it's hard to say whether it is consistent, but I intend to find out! Bottom line - if you like straightforward but amazing flavors and a less-formal friendly environment, come here!
Been dying to try GF for ages, as most people probably have. Decided to chance it last monday night for our first anniversary. Got all dolled up for the Tavern room (note: the scene was stylish, hip ny. Lots of model/fashion world/business types. You could wear a nice Theory dress or even a good pair of jeans with some great shoes. We chose to get fancier but people were stylishly, comfortably attired. Open to interpretation. Lots of gorgeous accessories, great haircuts, that kind of thing). Got there around 8, told it was an hour and a half wait. We said it was okay, it was our special night and this was how we wanted to celebrate. They said congrats, invited us to get a drink at the bar and wait. We were seated about 35 minutes later, and they checked on us the whole time. I need to say this: the room is stunning. Everyone should go and see what all the fuss is about, even just for a $12 cocktail (very good, by the way). It was just beautiful, not overdone. Spectacular. Saw the formal room through the open doors and it was more subtle and traditionally elegant (white linen, muted palate as opposed to the Tavern room's more rustic appeal). We started with 2 cocktails each. Can't really go wrong with any of them, but I loved the margarita interpretation and the orange champagne cocktail. I started with the duck mousse, with some perfectly chosen pickeled ginger on the side. My boyfriend had the foccacia special which was nothing special but good and warm. I chose the chicken for dinner, and he had the meatball. The meatball wins hands down. The chicken was better than anything you'll cook at home, and although I despise cooked carrots, the ones on my plate were to die for. His meatball though....well, I won't say much more, but it was amazing and well worth ordering. For dessert: german chocolate cake and chocolate pudding. My pudding had salted caramel crutons which I think were a bit too salty. I understand and appreciate the flavor profile they were going for, but it was a tad overdone, sadly. Special notes: waitress was supberb, just like I expected. It is worth it to say that I had exceedingly high expectations of GT and they were all met. My wine choice was made easy as my waitress allowed me to sample two at her suggestion and my choosing before deciding on one for my entree. She gave us a complimentary glass of sherry to go with our chocolate desserts for our anniversary. They wrote on the plates in chocolate. The chef came out and talked to us about our meals and our evening. Also, the tavern was completely affordable for this kind of atmosphere and food. You must try. Sorry for the long review. Go and visit! You won't regret it!
My job takes me all over the country and I'm fortunate enough to enjoy a week or two a month in NYC which means some really good dining experiences (at least for a Texas dude).   Albeit, I am ready for the city to thaw out... it does leave room for my favorite food season which is winter (it seems like most chefs are still churning out the warmth).   That being said, I hadn't ever grabbed at bite at Gramercy Tavern which seemed to be somewhat legendary with my local colleagues.  We luckily found a last minute table in the dining room. Damn if my colleagues weren't right.  The meal was simply - exceptional.  Our service was overly attentive although pleasant and very kept on the menu.  The group decided to nix the tasting menu and stick with the pre-set double course.  We had a good group... which I typically define as a group that tries everything so each person could grab bite. First Course: Beef Tartare, Pine Nuts, Capers and Pickled Mushrooms Lobster Pappardelle, Chorizo, Scallions and Mussels Smoked Trout, Cipollini Purée and Pickled Onions (highlight)* Mushroom Custard, Sunchokes, Trout Roe and Pickled Burdock Second Course: Black Bass, Sweet Potatoes, Bok Choy and Peanut Curry Sauce Roasted Lamb Loin, Sunchokes, Tatsoi and Hen of the Woods Mushrooms (highlight)* Smoked Arctic Char, Carrots, Lentils and Preserved Citrus Pork Loin & Deckle, Collard Greens, Black Lentils and Kohlrabi It was one of the best food experiences I have enjoyed in a long time and I will surely be back.
Echoing what everyone's already said, place has incredible service.  I mean, seriously.  I have never met waiters who are more on top of their game.  I think they all went to etiquette school.  It's unreal.   Food is fantastic if you're into the whole New American thing.  They go a little too heavy on the odd meats for my taste.  If I were into this genre of food, I'd probably be giving Gramercy Tavern 4 stars.  I'm just not into it, but that's just me. The service, though, is divine.  I can't say it enough.
Talking to friends this sounded like the type of restaurant I would fall in love with. Amazing service, great cocktails, a tavern like atmosphere and good use of seasonal/local ingredients. All of this proved to be dead on. I loved the cocktails, the service was the best I have had in Manhattan, the use of seasonal ingredients was impressive, and the atmosphere was just what I was hoping for. Sadly the food didn't quite live up. Let me first stress that the food was excellent but when comparing this restaurant to its peers it fell short. What I'm saying is it's hard to find much to complain about but it's easy to find a better meal in Manhattan for a similar price (refer to my Gotham Bar and Grill review). Chef Anthony Michael seems to excel with vegetables and fall short with the proteins. The guy really does amazing things with any vegetable that touches the plate but I found the meats to be lack luster for the most part. My biggest complaint is the texture of the meats...mushy is the best way to describe many of the proteins I tried.  Im not positive but maybe it's the result of an over reliance on suis vide. Overall this was a place I really enjoyed and can easily recommend to a friend. The atmosphere, service and bar really carry this place. Speaking of the bar, I hardly ever order cocktails unless it's a Manhattan with Rye whisky but this is a place definitely worth exploring the cocktail menu. Simply amazing cocktails and this is coming from a beer and wine guy. I haven't been to the tavern side of things but I have a sneaking suspension that it might be the best part of the place so hopefully you will see an update here soon.
Ok so I went here on a Sunday for a late brunch.   Only the Tavern section (front) was open and we were seated in nicely enough for me to look out the window at the renovations across the street and my girl got the better view of the restaurant.   I'm a Asian Jew who enjoys business development so this worked out for both of us.  They only offer a la carte during the day, FYI. I ordered the Marguez  sausage appetizer which was kindly split for both of us. Nice presentation.  I noticed just a slight synthetic taste which was probably coming from the casing...but was less noticeable once i smothered it in the sherry reduction and combined it w/ the chick peas.  Pretty good as it was the only thing that stood out from the appetizer section.     For drinks, I ordered the Orange Blossom.   It's pretty much champagne w/ orange bitters presented w/ an orange peel and sugar cube to keep it fizzing.  Not bad.   I think I got a slight head change since it was my first drink of the day.  $12 a pop for any signature cocktail. For the main course,  my girl ordered the pulled pork sandwich w/ fingerling potatoes instead of coleslaw ($18) and I had the Sea Bass ($22).    Nice presentation on both dishes but the standout was the Sea Bass.  HOT DAMN!! I've never tasted fish prepared this way.  Not the best filet of fish but It had some kind of curry sauce w/ 3 kinds of nuts sprinkled over the top while lying on a bed of spaghetti squash. Squash shredded like spaghetti!! WTF.. how creative and the texture was similar to enoki mushrooms.    I bit into it and almost ejaculated under the table.   The group of older ladies next to me must have heard my reaction b/c they ended up ordering the exact same thing we had at ours.   Now it wasn't the most filing of dishes but I did stuff three slices of their wheat bread before hand in anticipation of filling the void.   As I always do, I snuck in a couple bites of my girls sandwich and thought it wasn't bad.  Sauce was sloppy joe-esque but light enough to let the meat shine.  The fingerling potatoes, was their version of mashed potatoes that had a pearl like texture.  Not bad.  @ $2 more, my girl liked it  better than a sandwich at Cafe Habana in soho.  I thought so too. For desert we had the pumpkin whoopie pie which was cute, light and tasty and plate of cookies.  @ $ 9 a pop I thought the plate of cookies was  a rip off b/c it was exactly just that and the cookies sucked.   A $4 box of girl scout cookies taste way better. Tab came out to just over $100 w/ tip.   Service was nice and proper. Decor was classic, tasteful and not pretentiously overdone.  Nice oval tables that gave you a lot of surface area w/o being to far from your date and it had hooks on the side for purses which was  a clever idea. Overall not a bad experience, I may want to try their prefix dinner one of these days. ---damn this was one of the longest reviews i've done in a while.. I must be bored out of my mind.
Came back to try the tavern part of the restaurant, and definitely the same as my experience in the main dining room. Again, I was impressed by the hostess service. They were so friendly and helpful. Again, I was unimpressed by the actual wait staff. Not especially helpful, and a little frazzled. I guess the food is supposed to come out lukewarm. I do NOT like this. I know the plates have to look nice and be wiped down, but that doesn't mean that the food should not be hot! The choices were a bit limited. We had the sweetbreads and baked clams to start. Both were lukewarm. The clams were a mix of breaded scallop, clam and just kind of tasted like an oceany-mush. I really didn't like it, but that could just be my personal preference. The sweetbreads were good, but could have had more of a sear. The monkfish was very simple, a bit on the bland side. The pork chop was very good though, it was cooked well with a nice caramelization on the edges, although the meat near the bone was near raw. Overall, I won't be back. I could get better food elsewhere without the wait of the tavern and without the price of the dining room. I definitely don't hate this place, but the cons outweigh the pros.
Delicious, Authentically Italian, and cozy, this restaurant attached to the Gramercy Park Hotel is one not to miss.   Expect long waits for seating and service, however, as even on a weeknight, this venue draws quite a crowd..  Our wait person shared that had we come in two days earlier, we would have seen President Obama and the First Lady enjoying a "date night" here!
We were instantly greeted with a smile. So relieved because this was our first nice restaurant we were eating at in NYC. I had some preconceptions, but when I  saw the smile of the host, all preconceived assumptions went away. We did have to wait about 10 minutes before we were seated for our 10 pm reservations, but that was okay. We had their menu's to look over to keep us occupied. We were seated by the most friendliest waitress who started us off by giving us a card to which we found our our friends and siblings bought us a bottle of white wine there as a congratulatory gift for our wedding. So sweet! I ordered the smoked trout and smoked lobster upon recommendation of the waitress because heck I was on vacation and didn't want too much thinking. Boy, was her recommendation right on the spot! Loved the trout as it wasn't too smokey and it was very tender. The lobster was good especially with the broth it was in. Very creamy and buttery and oh so sinfully delicious. We shared a pineapple upside down cake and the chocolate bread pudding. Supposedly, the bread pudding is what most people order. It was good, but the pineapple upside down cake was even better! We loved the pineapple ice cream with the slices of fresh pineapple surrounding it and the cake was moist and just right in the sweetness department. Perhaps we enjoyed the pineapple cake much more as it was a bit of a palette cleanser for us. It was very refreshing to the taste buds. Our waitress was so kind enough to give us complimentary glasses of a dessert wine in celebration of our minimoon. It was unfortunate that I was so stuffed at this point that I couldn't enjoy it. I had but all of one sip of it. I know...what a waste, right? We were also given some chef's surprises of chocolate and peanut butter truffle, jellied candies and mini cookies. Oh yeah, we were given a couple of coffee cake muffins on our way out that we enjoyed on our way back home. They were still good and moist. Highly recommend this place. The service is impeccable and the food is great!
How shocking: Another five-star review of Gramercy Tavern. Not much I can say that hasn't been said, except this: Danny Meyers' restaurants, down to the Shake Shack, make you wonder how other restaurants struggle to achieve even the most basic level of attentive service when a place like Gramercy Tavern makes it look effortless. From the prompt call as soon as I was off the waitlist and onto the reservation list, to the maitre d' offering to hold our 8 p.m. table while a friend joined us for drinks at the bar, to the personable and extremely knowledgable sommelier (Kimberly, you were a big hit with my family!) and fabulous, attentive and friendly waiters, we were thrilled with every aspect of the meal. And on top of that, the food was faultless (don't miss the lamb pasta and bread pudding).
There is a reason why there are so many reviews. It's a beautiful restaurant decorated in autumn theme and the food is just as beautiful. Everything looked so good but couldn't say no to the burger. It is cooked perfectly and the juices dribble down you fingers. Don't be shy and just lick them clean. It's not the best burger but it is good. The duck of course was tender and just as juicy. The veggies complement the dish with just a bit if freshness and crisp. Definitely worth a visit.
I literally joined yelp just so I could review Gramercy Tavern.  I was looking for a nice place to go for my 25th birthday (other options I considered were Daniel, Boulud Sud, Aldea...you get the idea).  Gramercy Tavern seemed the least stuffy and pretentious, and the prix fixe menu looked amazing.  It ended up being the perfect choice.  I loved the decor and the atmosphere.  All of the waiters were attentive and helpful, doing everything short of following me into the bathroom to hand me a paper towel.   The drink menu was great (they even have a vintage beer list, which I've never seen).  I ordered a chilled peach and tomato soup with cucumber and shrimp, the chicken and sausage, and an almond brown butter cake.  I tried a fellow diner's steak tartare.  Everything was delicious, and the chicken was the tenderest I've had.  In between our courses, we got little tastes of other dishes.  On the way out, they gave us each a muffin, which was a great breakfast the next day.  I would highly recommend this place if you are looking to celebrate a special occasion, or even if you aren't.  The 2.5 hour meal was basically one big foodgasm.
This is just for the Tavern. So I love bread and I love butter, right? Gramercy Tavern has awesome bread while you wait, right? Well we went there for our anniversary on the 18th and I lovingly slathered soft butter all over a piece of bread. I sprinkled a pinch of sea salt they provided and then I began to devour this piece. Moments later I had that feeling. Y'know, the feeling you get when you're allergic to something and you get nauseated? The feeling of saliva rushing from the depths of your mouth to flush it clean of the offending item. The feeling I hadn't had since I ate a raw almond offered at a Hindu temple in high school.... yeah that one.  It hit me full force and nothing on the table could cure me of the feeling. And I still don't know what it was. I refused to experiment lest I get sick and not be able to eat anything. After I ran to the bathroom to rinse my mouth out with water I felt much better. Now onto the food. For starters I had the special which was lamb with corn, roasted baby peppers and these cute little tomatoes I forgot the name of. He had the paparadelle with lamb ragout which looked mouthwatering, but he said had too much swiss chard. I ate what he didn't. For the main course he had the hanger steak with fingerling potatoes, red Russian kale and bourbon sauce. Lots of kale, not too many potatoes. I ate the kale since he's not as fond of it as he thought. Now onto my main course... you're going to frown at me when you find out what I ordered because I let out a deep sigh once I saw it in front of me. I got... the meatball. It's just one huge meatball and I think I might have enjoyed the ones I got at the meatball place on the LES better. The potatoes were the best part. Actually, I started to frown before my food even came out because the couple to my right had someone order the meatball as well. Now, the woman got the kielbasa and that looked amazing. Her date looks just as disappointed as I was at the meatball and continued to do so as he ate. In fact, they swapped dishes because he was so upset at what was set before him. I'm going to chalk this up to my bad choice of entree and still keep my rating at 4 stars. I made up for it with dessert. He got the chocolate pudding with salted caramel brioche croûtons. I got the apricot bread pudding with sour cream ice cream and caramelized white chocolate. I also got one of the croûtons as garnish cause he's cute. I wasn't too enamored of the ice cream but the pudding and caramelized white chocolate combined with it to make something amazing happen in my mouth. It almost completely erased the memory of my nausea earlier.... until I crunched down on one too many hazelnuts.
I love love love the front room aka tavern room of Gramercy Tavern. I've eaten on both sides and I prefer the casual ambiance and creative menu of the tavern. Last night my husband and I returned for dinner; we were seated by open kitchen on the right side of the tavern room. It was fun to be able to watch the chefs prep the dished and to smell the wood burning oven. Everything we had was spectacular, and they accommodated our requests to split every dish and eat family style. We ordered a bunch of appetizers and just one main. -The bite size cheddar biscuit "snack" was a delicious way to start the meal -Baby beet salad with fresh herbs was beautifully plated and a flavor explosion -The shrimp on polenta was wood scented and had ramps hidden in the creamy polenta -The porchetta salad was good, not great. -The duck liver mouse was creamy goodness on perfectly toasted bread -The sweetbreads were lightly fried and a nice texture but the accompanying hen-of the-woods mushroom stole the show! it was amazing - the meatball was awesome, as usual I highly recommend the tavern as a dinner date destination.
4.5.  Been here twice, both for dinner with the tasting menu Getting in: - Made a reservation by calling - Seated within 5-10 minutes of our reservation time.  They have a bar which you can wait at Atmosphere: - Clean, nice, vibe with a rustic feeling - Upscale without being pretentious Service: - First time we went we had spectacular service that was sincere and friendly - Second time we had service that felt forced and awkward (which was sad b/c it was to celebrate my sister's new job); took off 0.5 points for this - bad service sticks with you Food: - Had the tasting menu each time, which were very similar - Warm lobster salad was perfectly prepared, nice and tender - Halibut was delicious and cooked exactly right.  The beet dashi really tied the dish together - Duck breast perfectly cooked, medium rare - leaning towards rare, and fat rendered and skin crispy.  Throw the cherries in there and it was a well executed dish - As a whole presentation was spectacular - Left full, but not busting at the seams Drinks: - Extensive wine list, truly impressive - We opted for a wine pairing with each course which worked nicely and allowed us to have some wines we would never have selected - The first time we went, the server (who was also a Somm) provided us with a great back story on the wines and why the pairing worked.  I always appreciate that sort of attention to detail Other: - Really professional, upscale experience - Felt you were getting good value for your money, this place is certainly not cheap - They give you a small coffee cake to take home with you - A special place for special occasions Great food.  Great place.  I'll be back.
It is not easy to go into detail about how extremely amazing dining at Gramercy Tavern is. The experience is like something you see in the movies or in a dream. The dining room has the seasonal tasting menu which was excellent and the beer pairing with each course was amazing thanks to the awesome staff. The staff here is beyond incredible. Very grateful for their greatness at what they do because they made the experience one to remember for life. I wish that I could explain how the entire operation functions, but I would be going on and on for a long time. My advice, just make a reservation in the dining room and see for yourself. I wish I could dine here every evening. Will be definitely be back. Thank you to the entire and awesome staff at Gramercy Tavern.
My family and I dined at this wonderful restaurant this past December.  While in New York with our 16 year old daughter it is always a challenge to get her to dine with us (she prefers the simpler meals; cheeseburgers, any pasta, french fries, and of course ice cream).  We made reservations for the 6 of us and hope for the best.   The best is what we received.  They allowed her to order a wonderful steak off the bar menu and even finished up with chocolate ice cream.  Now with our daughter satisfied on to the rest of us.  We started off with a wonderful champagne cocktail and then moved on to a nice bottle of Prosecco.   I started with Brussels Sprouts with Apples, it was amazing. I then moved on to the Arctic Char, it melted in my mouth.   If all this wasn't enough I ended the meal with the Toffee Fig Cake and a wonderful cup of coffee. Not only is Gramercy Tavern a delightful place to dine, the decor is homey and the staff is exceptional. A great place for two, a family, or a nice night out with friends.
This place is fantastic. In my book, a restaurant has to go above and beyond to earn 5 stars in NY and this place is it. The food, service & decor is exceptional. It's so good that it allowed my husband and I to forget about our flooded kitchen (not kidding) and enjoy a perfect night. We initially came to just have a beer, but were wooed by the free Bacon biscuits, endless free olive bread and friendly service. We shared a pre fixe dinner which was split for us when it was served! Could not have had a better night. Part 2: I wrote the above on my phone and it was saved in my account as the app doesn't let you upload reviews. We went here a 2nd time and were equally impressed! This place is fantastic!
We made a reservation a few weeks out for the dinner tasting menu.  I must say the service and quality of the food was superb.  I personally thought the décor was very elegant with the high ceiling.  We got there around 7:50 (20 minutes late) for our reservation and they still held the seat for us (granted we called ahead telling them we were stuck in traffic).  Surprisingly the food was very filling and we spent a good 2 hours there.  Would certainly try a different seasonal tasting menu in the near future. Appetizers: A shot of carrot mixed juice, Arctic Char, Lobster Salad. Entrée: Sea Scallops (tasted a bit Asian cooking style), Squid Ink Spaghetti (very flavorful); Roasted Duck Breast & Thigh (very juicy and not dry). Dessert:  Apricot Tapioca Pudding (was not too sweet but the tapioca was heavy). I couldn't finish the dessert and they offered to give us some cookies to-go along with 2 home baked muffins which were really good the next day.  Give it a try.
I have sat in both the Tavern and the dining room, and my verdict is: the tavern! No reservation required, great service and atmosphere, and of course excellent food.  Go for the wine pairing, it's worth it and their staff really knows how to create a unique dining experience for every table at the restaurant.
Date/Time:  Sunday - 9:15pm Occasion:  Birthday dinner I for me Party of:  Two Location:  Tavern:  Finally! A spacious restaurant with cute fall decor with a tavern style feel...(hence the name Gramercy Tavern).  Seating spaced out enough so that you're not bumping elbows with other tables. Ordered:  Country pate with pickled vegetables, Mussels in cilantro broth, Smoked pork shoulder with bacon broth, and Smoke kielbasa with spaetzle and beets Total incl gratuity: $90 I really wanted to try Gramercy Tavern on my last trip to NYC three years ago but didn't make it.  This trip, we finally made it on our last night.  We opted to eat in the tavern instead of the dining room - the menu had more variety.  The country pate was not very soft.  The presentation was gorgeous but I wasn't very fond of the flavor.  It was not as smooth and rich in flavor as I hoped.  I was, however, a fan of the pickled vegetables.  They were extra tart and crunchy.  I had a few nibbles of the boyfriends mussels.  Very fresh with the lovely flavor of cilantro.  A brilliant combination.   I chose the pork shoulder as my entree.  It was massive!  BF had to help finish off the rest.  The pork was incredibly supple and juicy.  Towards the end, because I was eating so slow, the pork became soggy and had an overwhelming flavor of broth.  So, my advice?  Eat fast.  I had a bite of the kielbasa.  Smoked and salty - just the way I like it.  Although if you're looking for value, I would not recommend the sausage.  One sausage for $19 seems a little steep and unfulfilling.     Overall, we enjoyed our experience at GT.  Service was very friendly!  Food was memorable.  Ambiance was lovely.  It's not a place that I've come home to rave about however I'm glad I can finally check it off my list of restaurant must-trys.
I came here for a very late lunch/very early dinner at the Tavern Room as part of a day pretending I'm a lady of leisure.  I arrived to a bustling room at what would be an off hour in most establishments and sat at the bar to enjoy a book and what would be a delicious solo meal.  The holiday decorations were lovely and contributed to the festive vibe in the room.   I started off with the Fall Classic cocktail, which I really enjoyed.  I'm a fan of dark liquor cocktails and this had the right blend of depth and tartness.  My appetizer was the fish croquette, which had great flavor and texture and sat on a bed of greens and perfectly cooked white beans.  My entree was the pork shoulder.  The meat was falling apart, the broth was flavorful, and the veggies were a good accompaniment for the meat.  They paired a red wine with the pork for me and though I don't remember what it was, it worked beautifully. I was too full for dessert, which I'm sure is a shame, but I have a suspicion I'll be back.
Why I decided to go to Gramercy Tavern: I absolutely believe in Yelp and its reviews.  I've been yelping for YEARS - 2007 to be specific.  So when I always see Gramercy Tavern appear on the top ten of all time NYC restaurants, I figured it must be hands down great and I must save it for a special occasion. My boyfriend turned 30 and I took him here this past Wednesday.  We were both very excited.  He got the $120 tasting menu and I picked the $102 vegetable tasting menu.  His remarks were simple: 2 out of the 5 dishes were good (lobster salad and duck breast).  Mine were as follows.... so brace yourself: yes, I'm a vegetarian but this tasting menu should be called "bland vegetables aka peas tasting menu" as I had a lot of peas and for paying $102, I cringed.  This was the worst decision as I did not think any of my options were hitting home - at least the shiitake lasagna was fine, but again, is this worth this hype? No way. The desserts just became abundant with special chocolates and a take home muffin for breakfast.  I just walked away dropped about $400 (including a bottle of wine that was $70) and felt really upset.  To be honest, I felt outraged that this is where I took him.  Mind you, the 2 stars is for service, but I just felt very taken advantage of by Danny Meyers and his hospitality group.   If food is that expensive, I wish it had taste and creativity.  I ate bland vegetables that could have cost me $10, let alone $102. Please avoid at all costs.
This place definitely gives five star service with five star food. I was impressed that what people have said about this place has been to the point. I attended a private dinner party recently and it was held in the back room of the restaurant.  Once I entered I noticed how perfectly dim the lights were and how cozy the place looked with so much fresh flowers.  The hostess quickly led us to the back room where it was elegantly decorated with beautiful flowers and the huge table was set for about fourteen people.  There were two main servers for our group who quickly took our cocktail orders and served them swiftly in between passing the hours derves. Wow I never thought I'd like duck liver pâté. It was creamy and delicious with a slight hunt of gaminess.  There were four other passed hour derves.  As far as the cocktails from the menu, the 'orange blossom' with sparkling wine, St. Germaine Elderflower cordial and orange bitters was superb and refreshing.  For the appetizer I had the beef tartare- oh my goodness was it delicious. It had sprinklings of spice and hazelnut where each bite was different.  The steak was cooked to my liking and was juicy and had a light char to it. For dessert I picked the bread pudding with the chocolate raspberry mousse.  The bread pudding was definitely the star, whereas the mousse I did not really care for since I'm not a raspberry kind of person.  Besides dessert little petite macarons, cookies, and chocolates were placed all along the table as well as coffee, espresso, and cappuccino. Wow what an amazing experience.  Side note: I was a little worried about the dress code so be sure to check the website or call if you're not sure.  My motto is its better to be overdressed than underdressed. Anyway I hope to have a chance to dine at The Gramercy Tavern again.
This place is amazing. Their food portions are perfect, decor amazing, desserts delicate and service personalized. The servers, busers and hostess greeted us by our names from the moment we told them the time  of our reservations. Everyone was extremely courteous and had perfect timing when it came to refilling drinks or inquiry about our meal. We ordered the preset courses for two- the meat was juicy, the soup to die for and the 18 yr scotch..wows I only had a sip because my head was already a bit dizzy from  the cocktails. Not sure what it was called but it was minty with a citrus punch that was recommended by the server. I found my name written in prefect cursive around the edges of my dessert plate in chocolate which was specially requested by my date earlier on in the day. Then we both got a surprise when the server brought out another dessert plate to celebrate the night with us with both of our names on the plates: ) The desserts were beautiful and the color blocking that occurred on the plate with the red orange sauces were WOW. Everything about this restaurant is phenomenal. I highly recommend it :) They also provided us with a cute little goodie brown back for us to take home for tomorrows breakfast/midnight snack. this place *thumbs up*
I am not sure what everyone is talking about.  Maybe it was an off night for the restaurant but I don't think the food was that great. This review is for the Tavern side as we could not get reservations for the dining room. I've been to plenty of great restaurants in San Francisco so I know what excellent food is. At Gramercy everything was kind of bland and not the most exciting of recipes.  To tell you the truth, I was so unimpressed I can't even remember what I ate.  I remember liking the atmosphere a lot and the service was fantastic both at the bar and at the Tavern, but other than that even the dessert was not memorable. Maybe we will try it again in the summer but the winter menu was not amazing. :-(
The service at Gramercy Tavern is impeccable. Our party of 6 had a 9:00 PM dining room reservation and we were immediately seated at a round table upon arriving . A couple of my friends arrived a few minutes early and had ordered drinks. I noticed the staff took the extra step of having someone arrive with a bar tray to bring their drinks to our table. Our server was very knowledgable in regards to wines (suggested some affordable ones) and I also learned about Freekah (made from green wheat, similar to bulgur). He was gracious and patient when we needed a few more minutes to order.   Because one member of our group doesn't eat seafood (what a jerk), we had to go with the prix fixe dinner. Before that we were given a shot of carrot and pepper juice as our amuse bouche. It was so good, I would have ordered it as a chilled soup. The current first course options were split half vegetable, half protein. Our entire group decided to go with the protein choices, specifically the smoked trout, the beef tartare, and the pork bolognese w/ tagliatelle. Everyone enjoyed their first course, I found the bolognese to be savory and satisfying. One friend couldn't stop talking about the smoked trout. The second course options this evening was split half fish, half other meats. Two of my friends really enjoyed the flounder and the black bass. The other two decided on the daily special which was sirloin. Although perfectly cooked, the three rounds were a little sparse. I decided to try the lamb dish and was impressed with my entree. My dish had a few pieces of tender lamb shoulder, a few ritz cracker sized rounds of loin, a mini lamb sausage and hen of the woods mushrooms plus greens. The loin was prepared in a manner where only a few millimeters of sear was found around the edges and the remainder was a perfect pink. Because there was very little fat in my dish, it did not taste gamy at all. My only wish is that the dish came with a little more of this delicious loin. For dessert, our server sold most of the table on the tavern warm chocolate cake. Apparently that is the dessert to order. I was the only one who tried the chocolate and devils food cake because I wanted to sample the rum and banana ice cream. Mine was okay, but the warm chocolate cake is better. Another example of great service came when our server brought a lemon pudding for the table because a friend had wanted the meyer lemon, poppy seed cake but it was already sold out. Our group liked the wine he suggested as well. Try the Von Schubert (Riesling) and the Trevallon 2008 ( Syrah/ Cab).
My favorite restaurants, have been going occasionally for years.  Just went last week after a few years was reminded of how good the food is!  Try the duck sandwich and butternut squash soup if you are in for lunch.
This place is so good, I've been back 3 times in 2 weeks...  I'm just going to rattle off all the things you need to tray, everything that blew my mind! Duck liver mousse - you don't even have to like pate and you'll love this.  Comes with toasted buttered baquettes.  A MUST DISH TO ORDER Seabass - Sherry sauce, sherry sauce, sherry sauce!!! Smoked Kielbasa - Possibly the best Kielbasa I've ever had.  Juicy and explodes with flavor. Meatball - served over pureed potatoes and carmelized red onions.  Tons of meaty flavor, if you like meat loaf this is a requirement. House cured Pastrami - I'm not sure if I can eat deli pastrami again.  This damn restaurant as ruined me... Chocolate pudding - I'm not a sweets person but I recommend this to finish off ever meal you eat here. Oh yeah, the atmosphere is warm and laid back.  Don't come here if you need to rush through your meal.  This is a dining experience to be savored.  The entire staff is top notch, bartenders, Maitre D, managers, & cooks deserve to be applauded.
I was pretty psyched up to come and check this place out.  I've heard amazing things like people waiting for 2 hours and proclaiming it was worth it.  Unfortunately, this was not my experience. We showed up early for dinner on a Friday night, around 7.  The wait was about 90 minutes before we were able to be sat and the vestibule area was consistently crowded while the bar area was rammed.  We had a drink at a total brobar down the street, No Idea, not bad if you're down with lots of high fives and backwards orange frayed hats, anyways, back to Gramercy. When we were sat, we were placed by the main walkway from the kitchen out to the prep kitchen, so there was a lot of foot traffic.  The atmosphere seemed good, so I just went with it.   The appetizer, shrimp on polenta, was perfect, delicious, but after that, the rest was downhill.  Dinner we had gotten pork shoulder, which was overly salty and basically not all that spectacular, and a sea bass, which was overcooked and under seasoned.   It was very disappointing to realize this amazing place that people can't stop talking about, can't even serve pork shoulder or sea bass properly.   The place is good, not great, overall I personally feel it's way overhyped, there are so many restaurants around the city that, in my mind, can offer a higher quality dining experience all around.   I won't be back
Came here with my bf on a Saturday night. We had squid ink spaghetti and roasted duck breast and both tasted great. Quality service and food. Great experience.
I dined in the casual tavern section; got there at opening on Saturday and there was no wait. Cocktails, duck mousse, and an off-the-menu burger were what I had and my companion had some vegetarian items (note my disregard to bother to remember what those were). Cocktails were delicious and strong, price-wise about $14 per person.  The duck mousse was like an airy, tasty foie gras, and my burger was solid. Cooked medium rare as requested and a very satisfying, good, thick burger. People comment about the "legendary" service.  We didn't try to put that to the test by making outlandish request; our server knew the menu, made recommendations, and made us feel welcome - which is perfect.
Last time I came to New York, I had the privilege of experiencing the tasting menu at Gramercy Tavern! It was one of the most memorable meals of my life! We were able to make a last minute reservation, and it was a terrific culinary adventure. We had the tasting menu with 5 courses, and 2 palate cleansers ( i think the technical term is entremet or intermezzo?? haha thanks rachel..) The service is by far the BEST I've ever encountered.  Between servings, the waiters walked around our table and laid the next set of silverware down in unison!!! They are highly knowledgeable about the food, and explained pretty much every ingredient that went into the dish.  I highly recommend this restaurant for anybody who gets the opportunity to try it. Here's a secret: If you don't like an item on the tasting menu, ask your waiter if you can switch it out for something on the regular menu. We switched out a beef dish for the melt in your mouth pork belly. MmMMmM it was worth it! Total bill was about $170 per person including two wines.
I love visiting New York City. Especially because there is so much delicious food to be had. And anybody who watches Top Chef knows who Tom Colicchio is (or as he is affectionately referred to in the blogosphere: Daddy Tom). As a food tourist and fan, I definitely wanted to try out one of the restaurants that he cofounded. Figured I'd be in for a pretty good treat. And boy was I! [edit] I've been informed DT is no longer involved in the restaurant, so the deliciousness that I had was all compliments to Chef Michael Anthony! the foursquare checkin netted me a tip list way too long to really get a good look at. One recommendation was to try the carrot soup. TAKE THE RECOMMENDATION! It was delicious. Did I mention it was delicious? The soup was light, with a nice hint of something zesty. Wakes up your taste buds and makes you eager to try more. For my entree, I ordered the braised lamb shoulder. Guhhh (drools) it was so tasty. I've never had meat that was braised quite as well as it was at Gramercy Tavern. The fava beans complimented it perfectly and it served as a wonderful addition to my stomach. And then the dessert. Ohhhh the dessert. It was a chocolate bread pudding that was almost souffle like in appearance, but still bread pudding in texture. It was also paired with a scoop of ice cream. I love hot and cold desserts. Especially done well. Of course the decor and whatnot was lovely (especially the massive bouquet of flowers everywhere) but really, you go to a restaurant for food. And service (which was also excellent). [edit] Thanks should rather go to Chef Anthony -- my apologies for my out-of-date information.
I feel exceptionally stupid for not coming here earlier. Don't make the same mistake. Is there a minimum character count? Just to be safe I'll add that this was seriously the best service I've ever seen in my life, and I'll reiterate once more: go here or regret it.
Great atmosphere as you walk in.  You greeted at the hostess stand and by the maitre d immediately.  We had reservations and were see to our table right away. * The room is beautiful and classy * Service was outstanding * The fresh bread with a white fish spread was delicious *  The jumbo shrimp from the raw bar were amazing. * Main courses didn't disappoint either *  We were meeting friends and had no time for desert.  However, on the way out the maitre d/manager invited us to have a free after dinner cocktail at the bar.  It was a very nice gesture and the perfect way to end the experience at the restaurant. High marks for food. Even higher marks for service and atmosphere.  Enjoy!
I have finally had my fourth dinner at Gramercy Tavern and can talk about it. Gramercy Tavern is a icon in New York so everyone must go at least once. The place is quite comfortable, nice bar and comfortable dining room. Every time I go it reminds me of the Four Seasons where the servers and staff are very proper and correct. Gramercy is identical. You won't find your neighborhood bartender here. The food is well executed and is always good; never a bad meal here. However the menu is Pre-Fixe which makes the experience more limited and you would not be able to eat here weekly unless you wanted to eat the same things. Keep mind the portions here are never large but adequate. Do not plan on a Morton Steakhouse dinner here. Great wine list, very good cocktails. Great for a special occasion, groups.
As with every Danny Meyer restaurant, service was pretty much perfect throughout the meal. The dinner was for my parents' anniversary and they were kind enough to offer complementary glasses of champagne to start the evening. We ended up getting the tasting menu and they were very flexible as we wanted to sub out one of the fish dishes. The server let us basically pick almost anything off of the regular menu to replace it with. The more memorable dishes were the soft shell crab, the open ravioli of beef and carrots (which we subbed in), and the rabbit dumplings. The soft shell crab was fried perfectly and really tasty. For some reason, there was a woman who kept complaining about it to the server (with ridiculous comments) and I give the server a lot of credit for putting up with that diner with patience and grace. This, among many other reasons, is why I wouldn't last one service as a server...The open ravioli was also quite tasty, albeit on the salty side. There were sheets of pasta underneath ridiculously tender and moist chunks of beef and carrots in a rich brown sauce. The rabbit dumplings were interesting, but not extraordinary. The filling of the dumplings was a mush, and the flavor of the rabbit disappeared in the broth. As for dessert, since the tasting menu options didn't really appeal to us, the server offered us anything on the regular menu. Desserts were good, but not spectacular enough to completely remember. While, in my opinion, the food lags behind Maialino and Eleven Madison Park, Gramercy Tavern makes up for this in service. While the tasting menu was decent, I think I'd prefer to order off the regular menu and just add on dishes for the table (including a reorder of the ravioli).
Perfection.  You can always expect to have exceptional food and service.  It has been a classic destination for us for several years.
Excellent place! Not terribly pricy and the food is spectacular. Great service presentation and ambiance. Overall a great place to eat!
Had an amazing dining experience there with my 5 colleagues. For the quality of food and service, the price is totally a bargain. Our waiter gave us the most honest and helpful recommendations, so don't hesitate to ask!  Although we ended up ordered 3/4 of the menu, the following dishes were our favorites of the night - Appetizers: Baby Beets, Calamari & Carrot Salad Entrees:  Mushroom Lasagna, Meatball, Seafood & Saffron-Fennel Chowder Dessert: Pear and fig tart, Butterscotch bread pudding   I'd go back  in a heart beat! Tasting menu next time...
I have not gone there for a few years now, but I recently went with some out of town guests, we didn't book the restaurant but just went to the bar area where you can order the full menu. The food and service were impeccable as always! And as always, they have beautiful floral displays. It's very comforting to just drop by and always get good service and good food!
I have been lucky enough to experience many tasting menus at fine dining restaurants.  Gramercy Tavern is definitely my favorite.  I went to Manhattan for a girls' weekend, and we were lucky to grab a dinner reservation. Even the foods I didn't think I would enjoy (hello, rare squab!) were outright amazing.  The service was impeccable, and the ambience of the restaurant was warm and intimate.
I am surprised that this 1-Michelin Star restaurant is able to maintain such a high level of service and quality of food with such a large capacity. I had the tasting menu, which was executed with few errors and conceived with balance, texture, and taste in mind. The soft shell crab salad was the most memorable dish for me, followed by the other meat dishes. The desserts were OK, although it was nice that they gave us a free muffin for breakfast the next day. Service was impeccable -- the staff were kind, available, and not bothersome at all. Overall, it was a positive experience.
After checking-in with the hostess, I was able to admire the interior space as I was led to our table.  Rustic wooden beams contrasted beautifully with the buttermilk-colored walls and arched passageways.  Understated chandeliers, wall sconces, hand-painted murals and antique artworks painted the space with casual elegance.   What a pleasant surprise to see that Julie had arrived first and was already seated at our table!  While waiting for Christine, the two of us got a chance to briefly catch up and order our first round of drinks.  After perusing the cocktail menu, there wasn't a chance in hell that I could say no to the "Jalisco Pear," composed of tequila, pear liqueur, and allspice dram. Christine joined us just moments later. When dining at Gramercy Tavern, you have one of two choices:  the $88 a-la-carte prix fixe (dinner), or the $116 seasonal tasting (dinner).  With the latter menu, guests are not able to select specific dishes, unlike the a-la-carte option.  My girlfriends and I opted for the seasonal tasting menu, because someone forgot to tell us that we're not ballers.   Moments after we placed our orders, a gentleman carrying a large basket of bread and a pair of tongs approached our table.  We had the choice of sliced sourdough or a whole wheat boule - or both, if you're anything like me.  Butter and sea salt accompanied. ~ First course:  Fluke Tartare~ Radish bits, orange segments, and bite-sized pieces of raw fluke came together "tartare-style" in this sexy presentation.  The dish was finished with dollops of black caviar. As stunning as it may have appeared, I found that the fluke tasted unpleasantly "fishy."  The verdict is out as to whether it was intentional, but the caviar only accentuated that strong flavor. Second course:  Clam Chowder~ A halved, pan-seared scallop - a single shrimp - and, what tasted like, a tempura-fried clam, appeared at the bottom of a shallow bowl.  Celery root soup was poured over the ingredients and topped with smoked trout roe. This dish would have been dynamite had it not been for the roe.  I did my best to push it aside but, ultimately, I was defeated. Third course:  Halibut~ A perfectly-cooked filet of halibut sat atop a surprisingly flavorful carrot broth and a vegetable melange, including cabbage and mushrooms. It was at this point in our seafood-heavy tasting that I finally enjoyed every aspect of the dish.  Bravo! Fourth course:  Duck Dumplings~ Three handmade dumplings were stuffed to the brim with salty, finely-shredded duck meat and surrounded by a rich broth (I'm guessing it was beef) that was studded with cooked turnips and black kale. All three of us loved this course, but found it to be a bit salty.  The duck meat reminded me of a ball of tightly packed, shredded brisket. Fifth course:  Roasted Sirloin and Flatiron~ A small medallion-cut of each, sirloin and flatiron, was prepared medium-rare and served alongside chestnuts, beets, and ripe pear. This was the course that I wanted to love most of the five savories.  It also happens to be one of the reasons that I voted for the pricier tasting menu.  Sadly, I was disappointed; the beef was incredibly hard to cut, tough, and chewy.  It also lacked in flavor but, luckily, we still had a dish of sea salt on the table from the bread service.     Dessert course's amuse bouche:  Deconstructed Goat's Milk Cheesecake~ A round, graham-cracker/shortbread disk separated a dollop of whipped, goat's milk-based cheesecake "filling" and a small scoop of Concord grape sorbet. Aside from the duck dumplings, this was my favorite "course," despite it being an amuse.  The pungency of the "filling" was perfectly cut by the sweetness of the sorbet.  The graham cracker disk added a delightful crunch and texture. Dessert/sixth course:  Coconut Mousse with Passion Fruit Ice Cream~ While this plate appears to be "busy," all of its components worked brilliantly together, both in flavor and texture.  In the center stood an ample scoop of passion fruit ice cream, which was surrounded by toasted coconut nibs.  A ring of fresh passion fruit puree came next, followed by fluffy coconut mousse.  The mousse was topped with crunchy meringue "puffs" that, from afar, looked like cotton balls.  Finally, another ring of passion fruit puree encircled the outer perimeter of the plate. To conclude~ I can easily see why Gramercy Tavern is a favorite among New Yorkers and tourists, alike.  The space is lovely, the service is smartly on-point, all of the ingredients are sourced from local farmers/producers, they've got a great beverage program, and the food is good.  However, people said that a meal here would change my life.  It didn't. I look forward to returning to the restaurant - only next time, I'll enjoy my meal in the more casual Tavern room.  I'm more of a "cheeseburger and fries" type of girl, anyways.
A group of 4 very hungry Asians came here for lunch without making any reservations. The place was busy but we were seated within just a few minutes :) I must say this place lives up to their reputation! Everything from the service, experience, to the food was excellent. If I go back to NYC again, I will definitely go back to Gramercy Tavern.
Gramercy was the one place that I had to go to on our NYC visit.  It did not disappoint.  Elegant and well designed space. Impeccable service.  My husband and I had the veg and meat tasting menus respectively. They were outstanding. So inventive and delicious- even ingredients I normally don't like won me over. Great cocktails and wine list.  Desert was the only let down- nor on par with quality of rest of meal. Definitely pricey ($400 for two) but worth it. Lives up to the hype, try it.
Good food, impeccable service, loved all the tiny things between courses. Pretty decor and good drinks too. Still, I am glad we had a gift certificate and (mostly) didn't spend our own money here because it is very, very expensive and there are a lot of similarly good dinners you can get a few blocks to the south and east.
Came here for lunch and ordered the spring tasting menu, which was perfection. All of the courses were really light (except for dessert) which was nice for lunch.  My favorites were probably the chilled asparagus soup or the soft shell crab, but everything was phenomenal and I would highly recommend it. Also, the dessert was to die for.  I ordered the rhubarb cake but a bunch of other desserts came out as well including a gigantic peanut butter macaroon type thing which was so rich and amazing that I couldn't take consecutive bites.  But it was so good. Great, not pretentious service.  Loved everything about the experience.  Compliments to the chef!
Went here at the recommendation of a friend while my g/f & I were on vacation in NYC.  We left this for our last stop of the trip and went on a tuesday night after we saw the play Wicked.  We didnt get there til 10pm (had reservations) and it was fully packed even at 10pm on a Tues.   We were seated right away and had some tasty bread & a complimentary "bite from the chef" which was very good.  We chose from the select your own style tasting menu vs the chefs tasting menu.  I must say just about everything we had was extremely delicious.  My g/f did get the carpachio starter & we both agreed it wasnt as good as the one we had at Craft a couple nights prior, but aside from that everything was very tasty.  I also loved the atmosphere here vs our experience at Craft.  This place has a good buzz/vibe, felt like good energy & so on.   We even got 2 complimentary desserts after our 2 ordered desserts, so we were feeling great about our experience.  Oh and the muffins they sent us home with were just the thing to snack on the next day on the plane. Would highly recommend and would go back again!
I sat at the bar in the tavern area and it was a fantastic meal. I waited probably about 45 minutes for a seat at the bar, party of 1 as a friend had cancelled on me. Oh well, I sipped on a nice Long Island white wine while waiting for a seat and chatting with people around me. The bar area is really quite busy, but the area is so cute. There are fresh flowers all around. I was starving and so I had a number of dishes and like a true member of the clean plate club, I finished all of them. I started with some oysters and the lamb ragu. I preferred the iced oysters to the roasted ones but it was all good. The lamb ragu in my opinion would be a bit small for a main. I then had the green garlic chowder which was 5 stars. Absolutely delicious. Nice pieces of fish, shrimp, mussels in a slightly thick herbal garlic broth. Just amazing. I could eat it everyday. I finished my meal with the strawberry pie, which again I could eat everyday. Service was fine, some of the dishes were a bit pricey for the portion. The drink menu was interesting unless you're familiar with your Brooklyn beers and LI wines. But it's always nice to try something new. Will definitely return.
I love the decor, peony flowers are every where and high ceiling. its a great place for a romantic date. I tried the seasonal tasting menu and loved every single bite. I had  Kale Brussels sprouts for appetizer and  Flounder with mushroom for entree, food each course was Amazing!!  they have awesome wine list. I had a really nice Chardonnay, love it. you get what you pay...totally worth it. I highly recommended it.
AMAZING food - i got the veggie 7 course - every dish was better than the last.
5 stars, DUH it is Michelin 1 star... Actually this is one of my best friends favorite restaurants so I finally decided it was time to try it. It was amazing. Excellent food, excellent wine and excellent atmosphere. Treat yo self!
Might as well jump on the bandwagon. I had high expectations coming in, and they were all met. Came here with a few friends for a treat yo' self lunch. Decided to get some hot chocolate with vanilla marshmallows, since it was quite cold outside. My friends were like "Seriously? You're gonna get hot chocolate instead of a cocktail?" But my friends were dumbfounded after they tried it. Never give in to peer pressure. Anyways, it was super rich and decadent, I probably should have saved it for the end, just as a dessert or something. And at about $5, that's definitely worth a taste if it's cold outside. Speaking of the prices, I came here fully expecting to pay up the wazoo for my meal, but I was pleasantly surprised that the lunch menus were very reasonable priced, even à la carte. I know the dinner menus are a bit more expensive, but with the quality of ingredients and cooking techniques, I can't really make an argument against the higher than average pricing. Service was very attentive and helpful, and you might expect an air of pretentiousness among the waitstaff at a place like Gramercy Tavern, but they were all very friendly and easygoing, yet still maintaining the air of professionalism. Also, one of the waiters was like a ninja with the water. We seriously did not know how he knew to fill our glasses just as we were about to run out. Pretty awesome. Onto the food. I ordered the lobster pappardelle as my first course and the duck breast with as my second course. The pappardelle was cooked a perfect al dente, with very large lobster chunks. The chorizo was pretty tender, but not mushy, and the bit of broth that it came in was so good, I reached for a spoon to scoop it up. The duck breast was also cooked quite well, and the skin was very crispy and delicious. The beans were a little less tender than I liked, but the flavors were phenomenal. The wild rice underneath was also delicious, since it had a bit more chew and texture than normal white rice grains. The portions looked pretty small, but in the end, I was so full that I did not order dessert. However, at the end of the meal, we were treated with some mini macarons, chocolates, and pistachio bark. Not too shabby. Pistachio bark was likely my favorite, simply because it was an interesting flavor and different from anything I had tasted before. I will have to try the tasting menus later on, and I'm very excited to do so. Just have to be on the lookout for an open reservation. Seems like the only times I can eat here with a reservation are at lunch and at 9:30pm. One of these days, it's gonna happen. So yeah, I recommend this place. Just like everyone else on Yelp minus the one or two haters.
Go here if you want a fancy but fun NY dinner experience. The food is truly divine (but be sure to read what's in each choice if you're particular about meats). You can't really go wrong here. Although it is of course very overpriced.
I was taken here by my now ex-bf for an anniversary and it was an exceptional place to go! I was very impressed by the food options as well as our server who seemed to be very knowledgeable, patient, helpful, courteous and very friendly! The food was superb. There was absolutely nothing that I can complain about. Even their bathrooms were pristine with hand towels and all. We had a 3 course meal and they surprised us with sweet treats in the end and also a take home coffee cake for breakfast the next morning - which was a lovely delight. I thoroughly recommend this place for service, food, ambiance and complete dining experience. One of my favorite restaurants now in the city. Too bad I don't know if I'd like to go back though, due to this fond memory with a past boyfriend. Lovely decor as well; very classy! 5 stars - and I rarely ever, if at all, give 5 stars!
Always perfection. Nothing sensational to add from the other reviewers because they are all on point with their reviews. This time I ordered the sea bass, sprinkled with pumpkin seeds, a light mango sauce with a hint of curry and walnuts over a bed of spaghetti squash. Absolutely perfection - as always! Classy with understated elegance. Food is always impeccable. Service outstanding!
Absolutely hands down one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had.  I went tonight to celebrate my graduation with a few friends and my mother. We were greeted with celebratory champagne and enjoyed some lovely amuse bouche before our dinner which gave our meal an extra special touch. The smoked trout was out of this world. There are no words for the melt in your mouth deliciousness that was this dish.  My pork belly entree was delicious.. The real winners, however,  came from the dessert... the peanut butter semifreddo paired with a Blanton's neat was a fantastic way to end the evening. More than anything though, the service was absolutely outstanding. It made my night -- and my friends were so delighted with each thoughtful touch that it made for one of the best meals I've ever had!
OK, place has 980 reviews, where do I start? Simply want to state the obvious, place is spectacular, food and service outstanding! Prepare to spend $200 per person, if you order tasting menu+drinks, but it quite an experience; btw make reservations few weeks in advance, a month in advance, if you need prime dining time
Gramercy Tavern has always been my favorite restaurant in the city - ever since my first visit in 2002.  I love that it offers an option for both fancy or comfort.  I've had lunch and dinner in the more casual tavern part of the restaurant as well as a few pre-fixes in the formal dining area and always left feeling happy and satisfied. For a weekday lunch, go for a burger or the soup and sandwich combo (both off the menu).  For something a little extra, do the seasonal tasting menu for $116. Just do it and you'll be glad you did.
With so many amazing places to dine in the city, this is not my first pick. To be clear - I know this is an institution, but there has always been something off with some part of the meal. I would not choose to eat here unless someone insisted. On the flip side, the staff is knowledgeable and the ambiance is warm and inviting. I would say to definitely try it, even if just to say you've been, and hopefully you will have better luck than my inconsistent experiences.
Gramercy blows Le Bernardin out of the water!  We were so much more impressed by this place over LB.  We had the chefs tasting menu. The food was to die for, some of the best we have ever had. The atmosphere was fantastic and comfortable. Not pretentious at all. Staff was fantastic. I have never had a hostess work so hard to seat us even though we didn't have a reservation.  Thank you for finding us a spot!  If you want creative, delicious, food full of amazing flavor this is the place to go.
Great meal, no doubt.  But I'd been told it was "as good as it gets," and frankly, it disappointed. You know the standard "this food is really great, but there's nothing special about it" meal you get at nice restaurants?  That's a good description of the food at Gramercy Tavern, though Gramercy's food may have been slightly better. Nothing much to say about the service or ambiance.
Incredible experience. We had the five course tasting meal and the whole process took about 2-3 hours. Everything was cooked to perfection and despite me eating at least 6 rolls, there was no judgment from the waiters, haha. Beautifully decorated, the service is impeccable, and the food, of course, is delicious. For lunch, there's also a burger that's off-menu which is apparently amazing!
Love almost every single dish during the whole meal! Went for regular lunch and ordered the $58 tasting menu. -The Arctic Char was so fresh and ramps added a little spicy kick to the dish. Very interesting combination. -Ruby Red Shrimp was seasoned very well.  A little under-cooked to my friend's taste, but totally fine with me. The only disappointment is that the fried okra was over-cooked. -Striped Bass was good. I don't like the texture of striped bass in general, but Gramercy Tavern managed to make it as delicious as possible. Not to mention the lobster sauce... Yum! -Pork lion & belly was under-performed by other dishes. The meat was tender but the sauce is a little too salty for me. However, the grilled oyster mushroom was very delicious~ The two dessert dishes we had was AMAZING! We had the raspberry sorbet with lemon  verbena granité. It was so refreshing, a perfect dessert for summer! The butter pecan ice cream with chocolate chips was good too, especially those little strawberry meringue~   Overall, we were very impressed and satisfied. I would totally come back for dinner and recommend Gramercy Tavern to anyone!
This is for a Lunch review. Service and food were stellar. I've rarely been to a restaurant that's truly lived up to it's hype. The food made me feel like I was a judge on Top Chef, (when you just want to reach into your TV to get a small taste of the amazing food creations). 5 course Lunch tasting menu ($58): Lobster salad, one of my favorites. It looks like a dessert, but tastes nothing like what it looks like.  The combined layers create an explosion of flavors in your mouth, with huge fresh chunks of lobster. Sea Scallops, GET IT! Although it only came with 1 scallop, you can really taste and appreciate each individual ingredient. The sauce was so good, I was tempted to lick the dish afterwards. Halibut. Fish was flaky, soft, and moist, but lacking in flavor. Roasted Pork Loins, melts in your mouth. Blood Orange dessert, I'm not much of a dessert person but this was pretty good. Not too sweet. Tastes like a bitter orange popsicle. Mushroom Custard salad (lunch first course): DEF get this, one of my favorites! The sauce is amazing, wished I could've licked the plate. Char (lunch second course): the best dish of the night! I don't usually like char because the fish usually comes overcooked, but this one just melts in your mouth. The glazed nuts on top and bedded spinach below compliments the fish nicely. Tip: Ask for the baguette flat bread instead of the rolls.
One of our all time favorite restaurants. The tasting menu changes seasonally. Perfect for any special occasion or business meetings!
I was living on pate, foie gras and liver this whole weekend.  This place has the best service ever...this really is a 5 star.  If you asked them to, they  would have hand fed you.  My 2nd course was duck breast and it had so much flavor and super juicy.  It was smokey, sweet, savory, tender....just yummmyyy. I also LOVE cheese and they had a huge cheeseboard...it was just plain fantastic.  Our waiter was great..i love it when you can have just have decent conversation with them....it makes the dinner so much more pleasant.  I really wanted a glass of wine, but i was soo exhausted.  NEXT TIME.
You simply don't get this service, quality or experience at 99.9% of the restaurants out there.  Definitely would be in the regular rotation if I lived in Manhattan and will be certain stop on all trips to NYC.
Underwhelming. For a 7-course Seasonal Tasting Menu at $120/person, I expected much more. None of the 7 courses stood out to me. The Halibut and Lobster Salad were both too creamy. The Shrimp dish was standard and bland. And I felt like I could have made a similar bolognese at home. Finally, I felt as if they were trying too hard with the dessert. Too many components made it taste somewhat random. The apple cider and hot chocolate drinks were both delicious, though! One great thing about GT is that you cannot beat the service here. The hostess, food runner, busyboy, and server were all super polished and friendly. I would not recommend the tasting menu, but might come back for drinks or a la carte.
Great vibe-- amazing food!
Executive Chef Michael Anthony's virtuousity is on full display at NYC's perrenial favorite restaurant.  Due to a scheduling mixup at another restaurant of Danny Meyer's Union Square Hospitality Group, our server started the evening with a nice gesture and poured complementary glasses of 2005 Domaine Carneros Vintage Brut sparkling wine for my party.  We then proceeded to culinary heaven with the Autumn Tasting Menu ($112): Olive Starter Citrus Cured Arctic Char with Lemon Confit Pumpkin Soup with Peekytoe Crab and Celery Root Smoked Trout with Cippollini Purée and Pickled Onion Vinaigrette Grilled Sturgeon with Brussel Sprouts and Chestnuts Rack of Veal with Rustabaga Crab Apple Purée and Wild Mushrooms Sherbert with Cranberry Purée and Ginger White Chocolate Macadamia Brittle Mousse with Kiwi Sorbet German Chocolate Cake with Milk Chocolate Coconut Ice Cream Tasting Dessert Candies A spectacular lineup, I was particularly fond of the the Pumpkin Soup with Peekytoe Crab and Celery Root and the Smoked Trout with Cippollini Purée and Pickled Onion Vinaigrette.  The Sherbert with Cranberry Purée and Ginger was quite refreshing with the subtle ginger.  The ambience and the magnificent murals that decorate the ceiling above the bar complete the rich culinary scene. $$$$
Pros: - Food: Yes, it is a restaurant review after all, and I have to tell you that the food is the best part - Hospitality Cons: (if I have really have to denounce) - Price: it is not like I can go there everyday, but still affordable for special occasions. - the long wait: it is a good strategy to start at the bar, nibbling. - The interior: not the most hip, but classic I guess. =) Overall, put me on your fan-list now!
This place has a ton of reviews, which probably goes to show how popular it is. Not a place I could afford myself, but was treated to a dinner by the boyfriend's parents. we ordered from the regular 3 course menu. I started with the french onion soup which was delicious and definitely lighter than expected, which was good. A couple of people at the table got the trout and loved it. My main course was the lamb and though supposedly cooked medium rare, it was more on the rare side. Even my boyfriend's mom, who is totally fine with medium rare meats, said the same. I couldn't finish one of the pieces due to this. But it was still quite delicious. We had a nice appertif to cleanse the palette before dessert that was a lime meringue with grapefruit. Since we all 6 got a choice of dessert, we had 2 of the chocolate, one of the coconut, one of the pear and one of the lemon, and then they brought out a complimentary small coconut cake for my boyfriend's brother for his birthday. All was delicious, my favorite being the coconut cake and the pear desserts. after THAT they brought out petite fours, which we couldn't even eat at that point and then they give you lovely muffins to take home which we had for breakfast the next morning. Very attentive, constantly refilled and taken care of, and our waitress was fantastic. Also, if you like champagne cocktails, have the Orange Blossom. It is delicious! If not for the undercooked lamb, I'd give this place 5 stars. Overall though it's quite an experience, just expect dinner to take a couple of hours!
I'm giving this place a great review on behalf of my roommate who went and does not have a Yelp account but she can not stop talking about how incredibly SWEET the whole staff was to her on her graduation. She went with her grandmother and mother, and the servers not only were kind enough to give her and her family a champage toast, but also wrote "congratulations" on her dessert and also gave her and her family some extra goodies for her to celebrate with her family that came all the way from Japan. I can not WAIT to try this place. It is one thing to give someone an extra glass of champagne, but quite another to put extra add ons throughout the meal and truly make one's customers feel welcome. And obviously the food was amazing. Thank you Gramercy Tavern.
One word: expensive. Seven words: great choice when someone else is paying. This is the place you take wealthy lady friends who like furs and richly textured woods. Ideally, through feigned interest in her newest YSL handbag and DVF print dress, you've managed to turn this classy gal into your classy sugar mama. Your reward: $11 root soup and a $24 arctic char. Enjoy!
One of the better dining experiences I've had -- period.  Great service, incredible food -- we had the 7 course tasting menu.  But the DESSERTS.  Oh hot diggety damn -- THE DESSERTS!  In the main dining room, the desserts are Great -- but in the Tavern side, they are a) more extensive, and b) EVEN BETTER.  Ask for the dessert menu from that side -- the Strawberry Pie, and the cheesecake with that smoky caramel glaze!!!!  It's enough to make a grown man shed a tear...  ENJOY.
I came to visit some friends - by way of Miami- so my expectations for dining in general are pretty low thanks to the Miami dining scene. I was blown away. Dining in NYC is always amazing, but they really take it to a higher level. We decided to do the tasting menu for dinner- I seriously still cannot figure out which course was my favorite. Since everyone has gushed on the food already- I'll gush on the service. Solomon took care of us, and was flawless. He explained every bite to precision, timed everything perfectly, and had great recommendations. This place is worth every penny.
I've been to Gramercy Tavern twice for lunch; each time the food was spot on, I didn't have to wait (sat at the bar once, at a table the second time), and the service was impeccable. The first time I came was with a coworker on Sunday morning. We grabbed two stools by the bar and each ordered an entree; I got the mushroom lasagna. It was so rich that even though it wasn't big, I couldn't finish it all; every bite had so much flavor, it felt like 3 or 4. I had to take the rest home. The second time I came, I ordered the seasonal burger. I've eaten a lot of burgers in my lifetime, but this was hands down the best burger I've ever put in my mouth. We also couldn't decide between the Kale and Cabbage Salad, versus the Barely Touched Vegetables. After getting lots of advice from the waitress, we settled on one--but she brought us both and said the other was on the house, because I really had to try the kale and cabbage! I was so touched, my friend and I wolfed down both and then left a very generous tip. Gramercy Tavern is the epitome of comfortable fine dining in NYC. I've definitely been to great restaurants in NYC, but a lot of them also feel stuffy. Gramercy Tavern feels extremely homey and comfortable, all without losing on quality and formality of presentation.
Gramercy Tavern, you have delighted me. Your customer service skills are impeccable. Your food is delicious. Your desserts are decadent. A round of applause for you.
Best restaurant in the city. No question. Best service and food I have ever had anywhere. Make dining room reservations early. Bar seating is first come first serve.
Had dinner here for the first time in a few years. Happy to say they have not slipped even a little bit, which explains why they are as crowded as ever. Even have a wait list for the bar, which is not particularly amusing if you want to have a drink while you wait for your table; and you will. The bar is now part of the Restuarant as most people are eating dinner at the bar. Better pre game if you want a cocktail and a place to sit.   Started with a simple kale and ancient grain salad. Healthy, I know,  but still tasty and obviously fresh. Then had the sea bass with a peanut curry sauce. Not spicy but added a really nice and unusual flavor to the fish. Excellent bottle of White Burgundy, not too badly marked up, an excellent chocolate thing, really good for dessert and good to go. A little poorer but well worth it.
I'll sum this up quickly so you can read other reviews: 1.  The cocktails are well made, and you can't go wrong with their 'Rickshaw.' 2.  The food is good and satisfying.  It's not super-memorable in terms of taste, however again, it's good. 3.  For a swanky place like this, the portion sizes are large.  So come hungry.  I was surprised, but it is 'Murica. 4.  Service was impeccable.  They really go out of their way to help and answer all your questions.  Wifey and I are gluten free and no problem with that.  Get the corn muffins whether you are gf or not. Mmmmm... Bon Appetite!
This was my third visit to Gramercy Tavern, my second to the Tavern room.  If I had to choose a restaurant in NYC that was my neighborhood restaurant/bar, this would be it.  (Too bad it isn't).  I know I will get a consistently good meal at GT and the service is friendly and professional in both the more casual front room and the formal dining room in the back.   The front Tavern room doesn't take reservations- it is first come, first serve- so get there early.  Better yet, get there early and take a seat at the bar, either to eat dinner or wait for your table.  My favorite cocktail is the Orange Blossom (sparkling wine, St. Germain, orange bitters).  They also have a great, refreshing, non-alcoholic Negroni, which I tried on my most recent visit.  But I wasn't prepared for the almost unnatural color- fluorescent hot pink!  I have to admit, I felt a bit like I had flashed back to 4th grade, drinking a Shirley Temple, but a very grown up one.   On to the food....  I think my favorite dish is the lamb pappardelle.  I've had both an appetizer and an entree portion.  I prefer the smaller portion: this is a very rich dish, best in a limited quantity.  This visit I tried the sea bass with capers and pine nuts over swiss chard.  Good flavor combination and well cooked, but I think I find much of the food at Gramercy Tavern a pinch too salty.  I know a lot of that is personal preference but it seems to mask some of the other ingredients in the dishes (but not enough to make me stop eating it).   Service and cocktails would earn 5 stars from me.  Food earns 3.75-4 stars.  For out-of-town visitors, it would probably be my first recommendation for where to eat in the city.
I am unsure as to whether a word exists for this but the Gramercy Tavern is beyond exquisite. Taste, innovative entrees and mains, high quality ingredients, presentation, attention to detail nothing was missed. Yes it is expensive but in the several years I have been in New York  this was the best meal I've had. Seriously. Culinary wisdom and talent in its highest form. Its many accolades are not over-hyped - NYC's most popular restaurant by Zagat 6 times, a michelin star and #15 in the top restaurants in the world to name a few. Don't miss the shitake mushroom lasagna with Swiss Chard and to drink the Orange Blossom (this drink is my favourite in New York). Gramercy Tavern I salute you  your food and service raise the bar for any high end restaurant in New York.
Gramercy will give you what u want! Enjoy and enjoy the food and service^^ Great dinner menu! Nice job Gramercy Tavren! After coming to this place for so many times, I just feel that Gramercy is my to go dinner by myself restaurant:) man! I feel like going to the restaurant again now when I am writing this:) One more thing! People! Please do not follow or believe those reviews on yelp who are saying "oh this or that restaurant did not meet  their expectation." I am sick and tired of People who says that! those people who only go to those great restaurant once or twice and never go back. F your expectations! Remember, u are here to enjoy the food and service, so I am telling u, just enjoy, and go easy with your expectations. This is the only way for u to enjoy your moment with food. U r not here to fill up your expectations^^ Again, Gramercy will give you what u want! Enjoy and enjoy, just enjoy the food and service^^
The decor is lovely. All the food is very good. Service is very professional. A very polished, well-run restaurant. There's a vegetarian tasting menu too! I wish I had more to say. I guess I could go through every dish and tell you how good it was, or talk about the professional service (very attentive, by the way). But everyone else has already said it.  The one thing that made it a four-star instead of a five-star experience for me is that the whole thing just seems like it wasn't meant for me. All the people wearing button-up shirts with shorts, spending what to most would be a lot of money for lunch, just kind of made me feel a little funny. Don't get me wrong, the restaurant is great. Just maybe not the place for me.
So it might have been the recent freedom from our medical boards that made this place even better, but I doubt it. We sat in the tavern area.  Got there at 6 and sat down right away.  They said that after 6:30 the bar tables fill up and it becomes a 45 minute wait (on an average day). Everything that was put on our table was worthy of 5 stars. We started with the Pate and it was lovely.  Rich in flavor yet smooth and creamy.  Enough to share that is for sure. For my entree I got the pork shoulder.  Amazing flavors that worked so well together and the broth that is was it ... out of this world. Long story short, great place and prices that won't kill your pocket.  Worth a shot.
Very average.
Service was incredible. From the moment I made my reservation for two for my boyfriend's birthday dinner we were treated very well. The ambience of the restaurant is great. Our server Steven was very attentive at the right times. We chose the 3 course pre fixe menu. Our favorite dish was the red snapper with curry sauce but honestly the five star review is more about the service. Our server helped us choose great wine pairings which made the meal spectacular however most of the dishes weren't outstanding. For dessert they wrote a personalized message with a candle. It was a wonderful experience and would recommend to friends. If we go back we will try the tasting menu.
I randomly yelped this place while just grabbing a bite to eat with a friend from China during fashion week. I was fooled by the word Tavern in the name. I was thinking cheers type of pub or bar but did not think it turn out to be a pretty high class place. I was thinking bar food. I should of realize something when there was 4 $s. :) It did however had a huge menu of wine & spirit which I could not take advantage since I was driving. Service was impeccable. Friendly and fast staff that works together and was very quick. Food was very high class and on the mid to high end. Menu was decent but too slim (few items) for me. It seems to change pretty quickly. I end up picking a vegetable appetizer called barely touched vegetable and a few raw oyster as my meal course. It was actually pretty good. It came with three dipping sauce. I loved the lemon ricotta. The other two were ok. Oyster was excellent but on the smaller size. Came with two sauces. I end up with the standard cocktail sauce. My friend had the mackerel and she enjoy it very much. For dessert, I got green tea and romano cheese. It was good! Came with walnut bread. She got the strawberry pie with ginger ice cream. The place is well decorated. Has a bar area with many table for two. There are other bigger areas but I think those are for reservation or bigger party. Most people had business causal here. Overall, I had a great experience there but wasn't expecting it to be such high class place and price. It would be a great place to take a date.
I had a fantastic time at the prix fix main room. Spent a lot of money and I felt like I was a high roller for a good 2 hours.
A really exceptional dining experience.  Gramercy Tavern knows both food and good service.   I had the $88 tasting menu and it was out of this world.  The squash bisque was to die for. Finish dinner off with a glass of Scotch and the macaroons they bring you at the end of the meal = perfection.
I can't sing my praises loudly enough about this place. We just left dinner two hours after closing time and just received the best service I've ever had in my life. Food and wine were both experimental and expensive but incredible. Our waiter Alvaro was wonderful! All of his recommendations were great. We received many complementary treats because it was our anniversary-- AND they called a cab for us without us even asking! Amazing! If you're looking for a wonderful, royal treatment this is the place. I love NY!
The service lives up to the hype.  It's not snobby at all, Solomon was the the friendliest server I've ever met.  A friend asked how the brussel sprouts were done in a dish, and before you know it a free plate of brussel sprouts on the side came out. That's service. The food is exceptional and the menu changes every season. Every dish is executed to perfection, you won't be disappointed.  Get the smoked trout and the artic char.  My husband also got extra petit fours upon request. Yes, they packed it to go for him too. That's service.
My boyfriend took me here for lunch when we were in NYC. He saw  this place on yelp and really wanted to go . We first go there they seated us right away and took out orders . I got the Chicken Carrots and Green Beans , and my boyfriend got the Pulled Pork Sandwich Cole Slaw and Pickled Swiss Chard . Oh My!!! The chicken was the best chicken i have ever had . It was juicy and cooked to perfection . Everything was seasoned right and my boyfriend liked his too . I would defiantly come here again and bring the parents when they go to NYC .
Really really good. Had the tasting menu. Loved every plate. Paired perfectly with recomended wine. Really hard to beat GT. Also appreciate the fact that it is not over the top gastonromic/FOAMy, just nice dishes done well.
Amazing seasonal tasting menu and friendly service. The tasting menu was reasonably priced ($120 for six courses) and well balanced: Lobster Salad with Spinach and Sesame; Ruby Red Shrimp with Polenta and Salsa Verde; Halibut with Cauliflower and American Caviar; Pork Bolognese; Duck with Turnips and Wheat Berries; and Blood Orange Buttermilk Panna Cotta. All of the savory dishes were outstanding! We also tried the almond cake with rhubarb and the chocolate cardamom cake, both were good but not outstanding. Cocktails were good, too. I will definitely return the next time I'm back in NYC.
There are very few places in the city of this caliber. I was late to pick up my date by almost an hour, but when I took her here, all was forgiven. LOL.
Probably one of the best restaurants in NYC....HANDS DOWN. I went for my 30th birthday and it couldn't have been a better experience or meal. Obviously, you have to pay for that type of experience...but it's worth it. amazing staff and incredible food.
Wonderful dinner at the Tavern. We walked in just before 5pm on a Sunday and could easily get a table for 2. The ambiance is incredible with great big flower arrangements and plants. We were given some bread to start which was hearty, but fairly unremarkable. We had a mushroom and calamari salad which had a soy flavorings with hazelnuts. Very rich flavors without being at all heavy. I then had the wonderful arctic char with pole beans and hazelnuts. It was cooked a perfect medium-rare with a delicious crisp skin. Smoky deliciousness. The black sea bass was served with a delightful brussels sprout leaves and bacon. Truly delectable. I also loved the the ramp-pesto aioli. So amazing with great lemon flavor! Our server, Anne, was so nice and helpful. We were given some cookies to take with us. A truly great dining experience.
WOW! The restaurant looks great and they have delicious menu, yum yum..I really like the cocktails here. I had the vegetable tasting menu, and it was a consistently outstanding series of distinctively flavored dishes made with the best seasonal vegetables. Our party of 3 spent 4 hours over dinner and the ambience, attentive yet unobtrusive service and fabulous food made for one of the best meals I've had in NY. If you're looking for a wonderful, royal treatment this is the place. I love NY!
Service was wonderful.  The food was even better.  We had the seasonal tasting menu.  The roasted duck breast and thigh was probably the best dish.  They send you home with a delicious coffee cake.
Had my graduation dinner here a couple months back. It was probably the best decision I made in my four years of college. THIS is what service is.  Not to mention the amazing food that completely blew my mind.  The servers knew how to make you feel special, so I could pretend I was more grown up than 21. Honestly, I'd go back just for the stand out service alone.  For the price, their set menu is so worth it. The food is fresh, and beautifully presented - it's the complete overall experience.  The tasting menu was brilliantly executed, and every flavor came through in each bite.  They also surprised me with a "Congratulations" dessert. Needless to say, I was stuffed by the time we were finished. I wasn't looking for a menu that would take 5 hours to get through, and Gramercy Tavern was the perfect mix of classy with a laid back ease.  I hope when I grow up, I can say I'm the same mix.
The entire experience was fantastic from start to finish, we had a lovely couples table, our waiters were attentive without being intrusive, and the food and wine was exquisite. We had the 7 course tasting menu plus the cheese board and a bottle of Burgundy Chardonnay. Every course was beautifully presented and tasted better than it looked.
I just came back from a Mother's Day dinner at Gramercy Tavern.  The service, food, and ambiance was still excellent.  Now that I've been to a few other restaurants on my 'bucket list,' I've moved my rating down to a 4 because the overall experience wasn't as good as it gets.    Don't get me wrong... dinner was still amazing.   I'm knocking them down on star because of where we were seated.  We were seated all the way in the back, in the second room of the formal Dining Room. The space as rather dim and didn't have the same interior decor as the main Dining Room.  I don't understand why restaurants have multiple rooms where one room is clearly much better appointed while the other is there to handle overflow.  You're still paying the same price for a lower quality experience.   Be sure to specify the main room when you make a reservation. *   *   *   *   * AMUSE BOUCHE Puff pastry on top of ricotta cheese - Yummy FIRST COURSE Smoked Trout - Highly recommend!  This was one of my favorite dishes of the night; it's exactly as it's described.  The trout was smoked well and it was balanced with a fruit spread (on the side). Ramp Custard - They take the green part of the ramp (sort of like garlic and onion but lighter and sweeter in flavor) and mix it into the custard mix, which gives it a greenish color.  They top off the custard with three tiny shiitake mushrooms. SECOND COURSE Lamb - My mother liked this course, but wished she had ordered it medium (rather than medium rare like the chef recommends).  She often goes to a Mediterranean restaurant by her house, and is used to having her lamb more well done.  The sausage was too gamey.  She cleaned up the entire dish, including all the potatoes.   Red Snapper - The fish was rather rich in flavor, almost buttery.  It was very soft and came apart very easily.   PALATE CLEANSER Hmm, can't remember what this was called.  I believe it was panna cotta with burned grapefruit(?) on top.  It wasn't very sweet, smooth in texture, and a nice way to switch to dessert. DESSERT Almond Rhubarb Butter Cake - DELICIOUS!  My other favorite dish of the night - the cake was hot and just tasted amazing.  Almond slices were baked into the top, while there was bits of rhubarb in the middle.   Lime Meringue Tart - The base was a thin slice of pastry while the the middle lime meringue had very sharp flavors.  On top was some sort of burnt frosting that my mom said it looked like a crown (very artful).
Have been here several times and have to say, it never disappoints. The atmosphere is comfy & cozy. The service is perfect. The food, no matter what I order, is always phenomenal. One of my 10 top restaurants in New York!
Best meal I've ever had! Many people have recommended this place to me and to be honest I didn't think it was going to be as good as all the hype. I was wrong. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. It's very pricey but worth every penny. We came here for my best friends birthday and she's a vegetarian and we were told this place is great for vegetarians and she wasn't disappointed.  It was very crowded and still the service was phenomenal. I will definitely be returning.
Service: The waitress here was attentive and knowledgable.  A few of us in our party had questions and she was able to answer them (and even offered to go confirm something with the kitchen).  I think we had at least 3 members of the staff clearing our table of 5 - I was pleasantly surprised at how attentive they were.  They made sure we had plenty of bread and water. Food: I started with the celery root soup.  I personally don't like celery but I love the rich flavor celery root provides.  It was a hearty soup with small chunks of celery root.  It came with a fried oyster which complemented the soup very well.  I also liked the texture it added to my appetizer. I had the hanger steak as my entree.  It was tender and flavorful.  I felt it was a little on the salty side but still enjoyable. For dessert, we asked our waitress for a recommendation.  We ended up going with the chocolate raspberry cake, cheese plate, and sorbet (she had recommended the peanut butter custard).  To our surprise, she brought out one of the peanut butter custards compliments of hte chef.  I sorta felt like she wanted to prove to us how great it is cause we ended up not taking her recommendation at first.  To be honest, it was the best dessert of the three we ordered. Overall, it was a fantastic meal.  I'd love to go back and try some more of their appetizers!
The service, ambiance is great- its between 3.5 and 4 stars.   The food is good, but not worth $92/person.  I am not sure what all of the hype is about.  The small in-between snacks and bites were cool but still not enough to justify the price.  Portions were extremely small. Typical NYC over-hyped, over-priced restaurant.
Fantastic overall; attentive staff, great drinks, lovely wine suggestions, the pork n lamb entrees are Devine. Dessert was great but DO NOT skip the cookie tray- stellar
My sister and I went here for lunch and while the food was wonderful, the service was not good. She never checked in with us and was very hard to find whenever we needed anything, from drinks, to plate clearing, to getting the check. She ended up forgetting our drinks and brought them out at the end of dessert. I think the problem with the lunch in general was an overly full house as the courses took too long to come out, and they assigned too many tables to our server. I would not come here again for lunch.
Walked in, seated within 20 minutes in the Tavern (not the main room).   Service: Very good. Attentive but not intrusive. Cocktails: Ruby Rye- Great mix of bitter and sweet. FYI to insecure XY's, tinted an emasculating shade of pink and served in a martini glass.   Appetizers: Bacon and cheese biscuits- Bite-sized, cheesy, bacony. Delicious. Pastrami and cauliflower - Moist, not overly salty, marbled to perfection. Cauliflower not particularly memorable.  Porchetta salad- Crisp greens, delicious pork, balanced with a little acid in the dressing. Entrees: Sea bass with spaghetti squash- sauce a little overwhelming, probably a great piece of fish but a little hard to appreciate. Still a great dish. Mushroom lasagna- cooked perfectly, mushrooms really aromatic. Dessert: Bread pudding- I've had better. Lemon sauce a little strong. Caramel ice cream was a better, more subtle companion.
My friends and I decided to go on a Monday and taste the menu and wines. Everything was stellar. Service was outstanding, bread and chives, butter, pours, fish, lobster, sweets , saltys, everything was delicious. Had a tasting menu before, never as memorable as such. The staff was friendly and our server Andrew, I believe, was fantastic. Also the manager on floor was a doll. She talked to us about wine, recommendations, and treated us very well. Service, food, booze.. Five stars.
Wifey was in town. OF course I had to bring her somewhere decent!! We both opt for their 8 course tasting menu. Here is the catch. My wifey opts for the vegetarian version when I settle for the one with with meats. Sorry. I cannot eat a meal without meat and deem it as a meal. Sounds so horrible. Yet... I have to say I was not completely blown away yet it was pretty good! The decor was classy and cozy and unpretentious. Every dish I had was pretty yet, I feel as though no one dish has stellar flavors which stood out. The only memorable dish was the duck: it reminds me of a hybrid New American/French fushion but did not cut it because the piece they served me was just too chewy and fatty. But it was the only dish that had the most flavor. The other dishes consisted of a lot of greens. Not bad. Light on the tummy. I think the best part about this place is that there are amazing desserts. My favorite was this vanilla ice cream which had slabs of hazelnut toffee chunks in it. I like literally died. went to heaven. and came. back again. Haha. They also give you a cupcake to bring home. Mine was a pumpkin spice one which i devour happily in the morning for breakfast. Spent overall $350 for two people. I never mind the pricetag but wished the place blew me more considering its rankings and ratings on Yelp. Eleven Madison Park next! :)
I had the tasting menu and was in for a treat. Although the individual portion sizes are small, I lost count when plate after plate appeared with succulent morsels filled my stomach until I could no longer fit anything else in. One of the beat meals I've ever had, a true gem in NYC.
Ok. Great spot. Service was amazing. The sweetbreads were beautifully prepared. The oysters were incredible. We had a half dozen and could have eaten 3 dozen. The perfect size, not too briney and the perfect amount of chew. My girl had the chicken which had a beautiful crispy skin and the vegetables were complimentary although the navy beens were a -touch- raw. You could taste a little of the undercooked starch and the texture was just short of crunchy. I had the pulled pork sandwhich which was absolutely amazing. The most savory, deep flavor in the pork with a perfect amount of moisture without dilluting the concentration of flavor. The cole slaw was mediocre but the pickled jalapeno on the side was very spicy and delicious!! Dessert was solid. The German chocolate cake was dense and had the perfect depth of chocolate. My banana cream custard was awesome. The 2 best desserts on the menu. We had trouble deciding so the waitress comped us the strawberry rhubard bread pudding. To be honest the bread pudding tasted more of cranberry than strawberry rhubarb but it was pretty moist and the crumble was decent. Did I mention the service was perfect? The bread was solid too. Definately will be back...probably on this same trip!
This review is for a Tavern dining experience, since we didn't have time to do the full tasting menu. It's a gorgeous space, with clearly a lot of attention to the details of decor. The bartender was friendly, attentive and helpful. She suggested the Orange Blossom which was nice. $14 nice, I don't know, but otherwise nice. My favorite item ordered was probably the duck liver mousse with the pickled vegetables and grilled bread appetizer--every bite was perfect and the bitterness of the vegetables and crunch of the bread was a great contrast to the rich mousse. It was actually more enjoyable than my entree, the arctic char (dry) with lentils, parsnips and and brussel sprouts (all just average). Dessert was rather forgettable too...I think it was a crumble. I'll have to update this if I ever come back for the full tasting menu. I think it might be a more representative picture of why this place is so highly rated.
Service and atmosphere are amazing. The food is prepared by world class chefs but I was never impressed taste-wise with any of the dishes. I've been to Gramercy at least 3 times and yeah, I rate it A-OK.
The best service in New York City, bar none. Anyone with a working credit card is welcome here and the tasting menus are sublime.  Vegetable only tasting menus for the veggie-lovers, too. Make sure you have the cheese plate and ask to match it with one of their delicious ciders. A great place to go for the New York experience without the New York attitude.
We finally made it to the infamous Gramercy Tavern yesterday (with my husband)! We didn't have a reservation but decided to walk-in for a friday lunch, hoping to get a spot in the bar area or the tavern part. We were happily surprised to learn that we could be seated right away in the main dining room! There was the autumn tasting menu available which looked very good as we watched those items delivered to the next table. But we opted to go a la carte. As first course, we had the Calamari&Carrot Salad and Smoked Trout. Both were very delicious but I absolutely loved my Smoked Trout better. For second courses, we had the Braised Lamb Shoulder and Roasted Hanger Steak, and this time I liked the tenderness of the lamb better, though my steak definitely had the best flavors going for it. In the end, we shared the Peanut Butter Semifreddo Chocolate Macaroon as dessert and accompanied it with espresso. I adored and savored every piece of that dessert, and it was just enough. Of course, we did expect the food to be all this good since everybody unanimously agrees on it. But experiencing that impeccable service was very refreshing. It was exactly as some other yelpers mentioned, that you mostlty don't even have to raise a brow to get the service you need. It was a great experience and we'll definitely return to try more of their amazing food!!
I went alone on my birthday last Friday for a celebratory luncheon.  I made reservations at the Gramercy Dining Room by accident, and they quickly moved me over to the tavern.  The service was impeccable.  I ordered a glass of rose champagne, and the waiter brought out the bread which was delicious and soft butter with a side of sea salt.  I ordered the burger - which was heavenly! I would say my new favorite burger in NYC without a doubt.  For dessert I couldn't decide between the cookies or the peanut butter mousse - they not only brought me a candle and "Happy Birthday" written on the plate but had packed up the cookies for me to go! The staff was so wonderful!  What a wonderful way to start off my birthday!  Thank-you Gramercy Tavern - you guys rock!
My wife and I came here for dinner to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary, and boy, it really lived up to our expectation. The restaurant knew we were celebrating so they served us complimentary Champagne as we sat down, which was a lovely touch!  We ate in the dining room  and ordered the seasonal tasting menu, which required the participation of the entire table.  Out of the six-course dinner, our favorite dish of the night was the Ricotta Tortellini: we loved the morel mushrooms and the al dente pasta, and the sauce was amazing.  We loved all our other dishes as well (marinated scallops, lobster salad, smoked sturgeon, and roasted duck breast).  We liked the dessert but it wasn't mind blowing like the other dishes.  Service was fantastic.  The servers were very aware and attentive without being overbearing. Overall, it was one of the best dinners we've had in NYC.  We are definitely looking forward to returning to the restaurant to try the food on the tavern side, which is more casual and has a different menu.
I had one of the most enjoyable and indulgent dining experiences at the Gramercy Tavern.  We truly celebrated in style here!  This place is all about service, and about really enjoying your company and your meal.  The waiters do not rush you at all, which is almost difficult to get used to in a city that's so rush-rush-rush all the time.  We started the evening off with incredible cocktails before ordering a bottle of wine to go with our meals.  We each had a different and delicious appetizer.  Everyone seemed to love their main course, and I especially loved the tasty salt-baked sea bass that I ordered.  I'm not used to three hour dinners, but somehow the hours just flew by as we ate and talked and celebrated.  This was a very romantic old-New York kind of restaurant, and I had a lovely time.
Spent NYE here. Wow. Great room, service to the max, great winelist, cool cocktails. Oh yeah, the food is off the hook. My wife and I ate the NYE tasting menu. Too many highlights to list them all: Pheasant foie gras Scallops and sea urchin Flounder with lobster sauce (full of lobster) Quail Beef short ribs(cuttem with a fork) 2 cocktails 2 bottles 2 New Year's tasting menus $550 plus tip and worth every freakin' penny. If that gives you sticker shock, go for lunch, and eat in the bar. You could spend a lot more on a meal in NYC, you don't need to.
Decor: 3.5/5 -Large and spacious, divided into the Tavern and Dining area -The ambiance got slightly warm throughout the night which may have affected my dining experience Service: 2/5 -6 courses taking 3 hours is a bit too much, especially when the seat cushion are extremely uncomfortable (which affected my dining experience) -The two drink suggestions by our server were both fails. Food: 1.5/5 -We opted for the seasonal tasting menu @ $116 each. Tonight may have been a fluke or something but I only enjoyed 2 of the 6 dishes and that was the warm lobster salad, the pre-dessert (doesn't count) and the butter pecan ice cream. -Peconic Bay Scallops were almost tasteless in a dark pink sauce that was sour -Warm Lobster Salad was decent. The lobster was definitely not frozen but this dish wasn't special. -Smoked Sturgeon...I honestly can't remember what this tasted like which means it wasn't impressive x: -Roasted Duck Breast came with four slices. The duck was heavy and tender which made me cut off the fat to prevent myself from feeling sick -Butter Pecan Ice Cream was amusingly the best part of the night.
It seems inconsequential to add yet another 5-star rating to Gramercy Tavern, but this establishment is so good it merits repeated accolades. I had the vegetable tasting menu, and it was a consistently outstanding series of distinctively flavored dishes made with the best seasonal vegetables. Our party of 3 spent 4 hours over dinner and the ambience, attentive yet unobtrusive service and fabulous food made for one of the best meals I've had in NY. The little treats they send you off with add to the general atmosphere of warmth and courtesy.
Excellent place for dinner.  We ate in the 'front' of the house for a less complicated meal, a bit less pricey.  While we had reservations the wait was long so they offered us a seat at the bar -the drinks were unique and good and since they lost our  part of our order they ended up giving us a free desert and an offer for a future discount.  So the service was not great but once the problem was recognized they worked to correct it.
Sunday night 9:30 reservation. Had Autum Tasting menu (7 course). Atomsphere is really cozy elegant and casual at same time. Waitress had a chip on her shoulder just beneath her neutral attitude which was a bit unpleasant. Food was tasty. Nice techniques, flavor combinations. Plates werent wiped clean, presentation lacked love and attention to detail and recieved burnt cauliflower on my fish dish. Piedmontese beef dish was tough, chewy and literally only 2 thin sliced on plate, i understand tasting menus mean smaller portions but 2 slices??? SKIMPED!  Duck dumplings were delicious and the lobster was quite pleasant. Deserts were so so , concord grape sorbet and goat cheese cake, deconstructed apple pie. Overall its over priced, portions for big tasting menu are too small, and felt like the restaurant is on auto pilot. Nothing cutting edge or pushing the envelope as far as service and food goes, would be a great place at half the cost. I would go back but only to the bar, not the dinning room but that probably wont happen either.
For many years now, I've been coming to Gramercy Tavern on or a few days removed from my birthday.  The menu is always different, the food and service is always amazing, and I am always treated like a princess.  And no one ever comments on my gluttony. Thank you, Gramercy Tavern, for being the most fantastic restaurant ever.
Great food and service. Also love the dining room. Came here for my bday with my hubs. We both really liked it. However, we ordered pizza when we got home. It's SO expensive and the portions are teeny weeny. It tasted amazing but who cares when you are still so hungry? We did the 6 course tasting. It's kind of a joke how small the portions are. Can't understand the hype.
My fiance and I ate in the bar room, which is a great alternative if you don't have a reservation for the dining room or if you want to spend less.  I'll start backwards by saying the dessert is fannntastic!  I had the strawberry pie and amaretto sherbert... finished it in a minute because it was so good.  Something less sweet but still as delectable was my fiance's apricot bread pudding.  For apps we ordered the really well marinated ruby red shrimp and the fish croquette.  For entrees we had the lamb special and hanger steak... both cooked perfectly.  My 3 courses were part of the special $35 offer... a great deal for excellent food.
The tavern tasting menu was great! The oysters were the best that I ever tried, though the steak was a bit chewy. I had pinot noir juice mocktail and it was also great. (I usually drink wine but since I had to work I had to give it up). Will go back with my husband next time!
I didn't know that they serve a special menu at the tavern with such a reasonable price.. I came here with my girl friend for my birthday celebration.. Thanks to her.. She waited 2 hours and surprised me by bringing me to gramercy tavern... Appetizer: - oysters - I swear that you can't get oysters that are as fresh as the ones here.. it's not too special.. but it was sooooo fresh that I might just finish a dozen of it by myself.. :p - DUCK LIVER MOUSSE - my friend told me I gotta try this.. in my mind.. "DUCK LIVER??? Errr.. whatever.. I will just try it once.. if i don't like it.. I will not eat it again.." the way I was thought to eat it was to spread it on a bread, with a few sour pickle (I think so).. OMG.. till today.. I am still craving for the duck liver mousse.. if yelp allowed me to give 10 stars.. I will.. we ran out of bread and I just dip it with the bread that the waiter brought me before they served the meal... we even asked for more bread.. I think I ate most of it.. Entree: - crispy duck - It reminds me of french food.. I always order duck confit when I was in a french restaurant.. maybe I am Asian and I always like the duck skin to be crispy and the meat to be soft and tender. just like how gramercy tavern has it.. I took a few bites of my friend's portion.. and I think I went back again and ask for more.. :p - pork chop - before I put in my order.. I was like.. err pork chop?? just some grill pork?? but well.. I guess I had too little faith.. Their pork chop was really different.. it was as huge as a "filet mignon".. I was bloated at the end of my meal.. the pork meat was so lean when I ate it... Mmmm... It has barley and apples with it.. which make it sweet, just like sweet honey and bbq sauce.. but not too sweet.. Desserts: - apple pie - apple pie wasn't that special.. but it was still good.. it's just like another apple pie you would get.. - chocolate pudding - I am bias because I love chocolate.. they even topped it with caramel pop corn.. DOUBLE FAVORITE.. so i definitely prefer chocolate pudding.. They have huge selection of wine.. I really enjoyed my time here.. I SWEAR I WILL BE BACK.. I just don't know when.. if I am feeling rich some time in the future.. I will go for their dining menu.. :D SERVICE.. EXCELLENT.. yea.. you will expect it even though you are sitting in the tavern.. they treated every customer just as right.. I remembered our bread was way to burnt.. they replaced it and even got us more.. FAVORITE RESTAURANT NOW!!
Came here for lunch. The Crowd: A uniquely New York mixture of business attire people, old cute wealthy folks drinking at lunch, and a bunch of tourists (mostly Asians) taking pics of their food and gushing about how this is Blair's (Gossip Girl) favorite place. Definitely fun for people watching. The Ambience: Great, a downtown spot that feels really uptown. Very "old money NYC." Outstanding service, especially considering we looked at least half a century younger than their average clientele. (I'm not even kidding.) The food: Wasn't entirely impressed with the special, some Italian spaghetti-type thing with beef, which was way too salty. It started out good, flavorful, but toward the end it was hard to finish. Still, this remains on my list of places to visit when I'm back in town/have some cash to throw around.
Dinner for two in the dining room, Tuesday night, 7 pm. Along with Blue Hill at Stone Barns, and Masa, this is one of the the best meals I have ever had. Wife and I arrived about 15 minutes early, so we had to wait a bit, but it could not have been five minutes before we were set. Sat in the back - Tiffany Y is right, the place is quite big. Nonetheless, there were beautiful flowers everywhere - nicer than La Grenouille, which is famous for its flowers. We were welcomed by our server, who wished us a happy anniversary (celebrating five years), and offered a glass of sparking wine on the house. Nice touch. But here's the kicker - he had two bottles, one of which was non-alcoholic (a nice cider). Someone noticed that my wife was pregnant, and acted accordingly - a -very- nice touch. We opted for the prix fixe over the tasting menus, so that we could try different dishes. The meal started with a delightful cheese puff amuse. I started with a steak special, that featured sliced heart, and ramps (first of the season!) Man, it tasted like the ramps jumped out of the ground and into my mouth, which sounds horrible, but I assure you it was the opposite of horrible. The heart tasted somewhat like a thicker-cut bresaola (always under-represented in charcuterie, but I digress). Wife had the ruby-red shrimp to begin, which were also delicious (but I'm glad I got the special). To drink, I chose the Goodfellow (those who scowl at Scotch whisky cocktails are missing out on life). I enjoyed it enough that our server offered me the recipe from the barkeep. No, you can't have it. Sorry. For mains, my wife had the lamb, done which seemed like three ways (I think some Merguez sausage snuck in there - always welcome). I had the striped bass - if only I could have struck up the courage to take a photo - it was gorgeous in its beet broth. It really did pain me a little (not too much) to disturb what was clearly artwork. All food was delectable, but not the best I have ever had - damn close, but not tunnel-vision-inducing, mind-boggling taste. Like I said above, -one- of the best meals I have ever had, not -the- best. To finish, I had the bread pudding, and my wife had the carrot cake. Both were very good, but not the highlight of the meal. My Blue Bottle (!) cortado (!!) -was- a highlight. (Blue Bottle!!!) Well. Look, obviously Gramercy Tavern doesn't need yet another gushing review, but I had to. I liken it to my students - some approach me for a college recommendation, something nice to say. But some - some are so special, that -I- approach -them- to offer a letter. Gramercy Tavern, this is my letter.
The place, service, drink list (champagne + wine) and atmosphere are all top top tier. Five stars is for experience and how enjoyable a place it is to visit. The food was good, but of the 7 tasting courses we didn't finish a couple (one was quite salty, one had a heavy sauce). I've had better food in the city (it was still good), but the overall experience made it excellent.
Not much I can say about this place that hasn't already been said. Girlfriend and I opted for the tasting menu. The warm lobster salad was just amazing. The anise hit just the right note. The other dishes were all face-meltingly delicious. The servers and waiters are all extremely friendly. There was no air of pretentiousness. The desserts were amazing. I had the peanut butter semi fredo and the gf had bread pudding. Both were amazing. There was also petit-fours to follow. By this time, I was just being a glutton and my gf had long since passed the point of nauseating fullness. The bill for 2 tasting menus without drinks came out to $300 with tax and tip. Definitely not cheap by any means, but for a fine dining establishment in NYC, I hear it's considered a bargain. Will definitely be back in the future.
It should first be noted that as a customer, I will rarely let poor service get in the way of enjoying my meal. I'm an easy guy to please, but at the same time, I also realize that many people look to be pampered like kings and queens when they go out to eat. Well, after dining at Gramercy Tavern, I sure felt like one of those aforementioned majestic figures. The service was stellar. Our server James(I think) was very kind and gracious. Took his time to explain everything thoroughly without having to falter. Very friendly, and never made us feel rushed. At the end of the meal, I asked him to surprise me with the desert, and he brought out something that was so completely unique that it wasn't even on the menu! The food was to die for. When the quality of your meal is this high, you don't even  allow yourself to gorge. You savor each bite. And before you know it, you've had a completely satisfying meal without having to stuff yourself full.   I'm not even going to attempt to describe how amazing everything was. Go out and find out for yourself!
upon arriving in nyc at 10:30 am, we checked into our hotel and walked to meet our friend for lunch in front of her office.  she works around madison square park, and we were looking for somewhere to eat.  since we were only in nyc for one day, we had to choose wisely.   we decided on gramercy tavern, even tho we had no reservation.  we called as we walked over, and we were able to get a table in the tavern.  the restaurant is GORGEOUS w/ fresh flowers everywhere.  i got the green garlic chowder w/ seafood, and it was delicious.  the chowder was not a chowder in the sense that there was no cream at all, but it came out a gorgeous bright green color, since it was just pureed veggies.   since the hubby is veg, and there were essentially no veg items on the menu, we asked the server what they could do.  she presented many options, including making the porchetta sandwich that was on the menu a veg sandwich.  hubby was happy w/ the choice.   for dessert, 4 of us shared the ricotta cheesecake and the chocolate pudding w/ salted caramel, which was fabulous.   nice place to come for a power lunch or to do some people-watching!
I had the pleasure of dining here with my boyfriend several weeks ago. We decided on the seasonal tasting menu with wine pairings and it was a truly phenomenal meal! The warm lobster salad was one of the greatest salads we've ever eaten! The wines we drank were excellent, predominantly old world. Being from California I have a very new world palate, so it was really fun trying something new (and delicious). Our server, Anna, was wonderful. She answered all of our (many) questions and had serious knowledge of all the menus. She gave us perfect service from start to finish!
Food and service is incredible, a new favorite! I will recommend this to everyone who wants an incredible experience with a great wine list, delicious food and top notch service. The cheese list is impeccable and they even served a birthday cake although they weren't asked to do so. I'll definitely come back and bring my loved ones!
Everything here is just fantastic! Food, dessert, cocktails...all perfectly executed. Service is amazing, and decor is just great! This place is always so packed and make sure to call a month ahead for reservations. I love coming here for after dinner for drinks and dessert...the maitre-d is always very accommodating.
Dined here for Eat Drink Local week, where a prix-fixe five course tasting menu was offered in the front tavern room.  Chefs had to prepare the courses using ingredients from the tri-state area, and I really enjoyed it.  My only complaint was that the fish plate (porgy with summer squash and fava beans) was too salty, but other dishes (spinach tart with goat cheese, cheesecake with local strawberries and balsamic) were delicious.  Service was very good, though empty plates did stay on the table a long time so bussing was pretty slow--which normally I couldn't care less about but since this is GT I was thinking they'd be more on top of their game for that.  But overall it was a very enjoyable dinner, and appreciate that they participated in the Eat Drink Local event to show how many lovely dishes could be made with local ingredients.
This review is only for the tavern. I came solo and enjoyed a lovely time at the bar. Not much of a drinker, so I did not try a cocktail, but all the drinks I saw prepared looked good.  The first bartender was a bit inattentive (i later found out her shift was ending when I came).  I ordered the crispy duck with spring veggies. Oh holy duck leg. I'm not even sure how it was prepared, but it was crispy as described and well seasoned. The veggies were so fresh and the dill was a nice surprise. I definitely want to come back for dinner in the restaurant.  I was here on a Saturday night, mostly couples. Classy crowd.
Jeff C and I were in New York for vacation, and I wanted to treat him to a nice dinner for his birthday. I had another restaurant in mind, but was unable to get a last minute reservation. SO happy about that because we never would have ended up at Gramercy Tavern! We've been to stuffy, snooty Michelin restaurants before, but this place was definitely different.. and in such a wonderful way! The ambience was HOMEY & COMFORTABLE, yet ELEGANT at the same time. We ordered the seasonal tasting menu. Every course was as beautiful as it was delicious. The service was absolutely perfect. I'd say I've had one of the best dining experiences in my life here at Gramercy Tavern. I highly recommend! If I lived on the East coast, I would return again and again.
After much review, we chose Gramercy Tavern as our one special dinner while we were visiting New York last week. We were sorely disappointed. For that amount of money, I expected the meal to be outstanding, and it was not. We have dined in many fine restaurants and we have never had an experience like this, where the food for the most part seemed uninspired. Some courses were good, most were just okay, like the squid ink spaghetti. Our experience was surprising since there are so many great reviews about this restaurant. Not sure if it was an off night, but for over $300, I don't think we will take our chance on this place again.
What a wonderful experience. Gramercy you never fail to please when I visit. It is rare that I ever see any place so highly focused on creating great experiences for their patrons.  That's why I'll be back every time I visit NYC. Wife and I were running late stuck on wrong side of Lincoln tunnel. Not only did they hold our table on extremely busy night for 2 hrs but at least four people stopped by our table to ask about our ordeal. The service was impeccable and everyone from hostess to our waiter were extremely friendly.
Gramercy Tavern is hands-down one of the top 5 dining experiences I've had. I'm 40. And I eat a lot of food. Impeccable tasting menu and service. You will not be disappointed.
Absolute best dining experience of my life! I reserved a table to celebrate my anniversary and they were so wonderful. We were a bit early and we were asked to wait at the bar area, we were given delicious drinks and then taken to our table. Everyone seems to know who you are, making the night extra special, we were given complimentary champagne to start our meal with. The meal was absolutely fantastic, I started with the trout and my husband with the lobster pappardelle, then continued with the chicken and sausage dish and the flounder, all of which were perfect. My favorite part, the gorgeous desserts. We ordered the delicious chocolate banana slice and the cookie plate which came accompanied with a complimentary coconut cream cake with a beautiful "happy anniversary" written on it. The service, food, decor, all on point, completely perfect, the night could not have been any better! (AND we found free parking right across the street)
Always among the top NYC restaurants. The seasonal tasting menu was very satisfying. Food served promptly, never felt rushed. My only complaint is that the servers had very thick South American accents and it was difficult to comprehend most of them.
Excellent meal on all fronts. 3 courses for 86 dollars. For the first course, we had lamb pappardelle which was really tasty with a light buttery cream sauce and maine crab with a zesty lemon sauce. Our second course was a rack of pork with a caulflower sauce which was perfectly tender and a crispy duck dish that was uniquely flavorful and organic. We had a nice bottle of pinot nior from Caifornia (my fave!) that was berry sweet and complimented the meal nicely. For dessert, a delightfully warm chocolate bread pudding and cheesecake that put us over the top. Service was superb, knowledgeable staff and all around great experience. A classic establishment and worth the dime.
The Gramercy Tavern is a highly-touted dining destination in the Flatiron section of lower Manhattan. And with good reason. The country interior design is exquisite. The front of the restaurant hosts a bustling bar and grilled food scene. Make a reservation for the full course prix fixe dinner (reservations are accepted only 30 days prior to your dining date and reserving on the first date reservations are accepted is a must), and you will find yourself in a quiet, charming dining room at the rear of the restaurant. The wait staff is impeccably groomed, professional and provided excellent, attentive service. We had questions about our wine choice, and our server's suggestions were quite helpful. On the menu you will see a 3-course dinner and you can choose from a selection of appetizers, entrees, and desserts ($92) or a chef's seasonal tasting menu ($120) or vegetarian tasting menu ($102). And here's where the prix fixe conundrum come in. It has been our experience that prix fixe dinners often fall short compared to ordering a la carte when value is an important consideration. We had a wonderful evening at the Gramercy Tavern. Our appetizers, my lovely companion's roasted lamb, and the desserts were tasty and eye-appealing. My sea bass was cooked to perfection, but the heavy peanut curry sauce overwhelmed the delicate fish and infused both the fish and the bok Choy with an overly salty taste. We were pleased with the overall dining experience, but for many such a costly dinner should be memorable. For us the ambience, service, and the occasion made this a memorable dinner in the city. The food was excellent, but I can't say all our dishes were memorable. We would go back and try the front end bar and grill menu. Our dinner did not change our less than positive view about the value of prix fixe.
3 and a half stars. service and bartenders - 5 stars all around. we wanted to absolutely love this place because of it's reputation but the food was just OK. every dish we ordered somehow had corn in it, even though there was really no need for corn (calamari and corn?). the person i was with ordered the sea bass thinking it was a full sea bass served on top of a pool of "miso soup". our mistake for seeing soup and not thinking the obvious, but since it's august i didn't think a soup would be on the menu. it was a legit bowl of soup with chunks of sea bass in it.. and corn! i got the cavatelli pasta that had a great sauce to it but wasnt amazing. i would come back for drinks
Family brunch. Sleepy baby and hungry 7 year old made me question this selection. The hamburger special was just perfect.  Asked for pasta wih butter for baby, and got  it. I loved the mushroom lasagna!!!
My taste buds and tummy are happy. Excellent service, Excellent food, EXCELLENT pastry chef. A 4.5 overall. 4 for food, 5 for overall experience.
This place is great and has a very nice ambiance.  The food is awesome and the drinks are incredible.  They use really fresh ingredients and provide excellent service.  The decor is incredible.  I stop in every time I am in New York.
I had the tasting menu EVERTHING was delicious !!!!!! It was worth it nice place great service A+++ Spicy Pear cocktail was yummy!!
A classic old New York restaurant (with "new" New York prices).  Because of its reputation, my expectations for Gramercy Tavern were high. I suppose that on some level they were met but most of this I can attribute to the sensation I had of being there and because of the lovely rustic yet classical decor that surrounded me. The bathrooms are wonderful. The food is definitely good but why is it so hard to get a reservation here? Let's imagine that Gramercy Tavern were a new restaurant. It would face some tough competition. My point is that the allure of this place comes primarily from its history. Nice spot but nothing to wait hours over. Maybe go for lunch.
One of the highlights of my latest trip to New York was the wonderful Gramercy Tavern. We started with the mussels. lobster salad, country pate and 1/2 dozen fresh oysters. The mussels were wonderful in a delicious sauce, the lobster salad was well balanced and complex in flavour. Country pate was sublime, and the oysters were exceptional. For the main course we had the special Duck Confit with fettuccine and braised lamb, both were perfectly prepared and complimented by wonderful sauces. I don't normally bother with desert except on special occasions. This happened to be one of those times, and we asked the waitress to bring whatever was recommended. I ended up with the Chocolate Bread Pudding, which was the best I have ever tasted in the U.S. Well balanced, melt in your mouth heaven. If I have one last desert before I die, this is it!
This place is the tits plain and simple.  Go there for the Seasonal Tasting Menu.  Eat.  Blow your Mind.  See the bill.  Have a heart attack.  Pay the bill.  Save up and come up back on special occasions. The bar menu is recommended as well and doesn't provide quite the same kick to the groin when the bill arrives.   Boom boom shake the room.
I ate in the bar area with my dad and my girlfriend, both of whom have eaten in the main dining room.  The bar area was quite lovely.  They had a beautifully rustic table filled with striking white flowers.  The art on the wall was understated but wonderfully colorful without distracting from the beauty of the dining area. My dish was a tad rich, I had butternut squash lasagna.  My girlfriend had, what she would say was, the best fish she's ever had.  She had the monk fish which was dusted with curry.  My dad had pasta with lamb which he enjoyed very much.  For dessert my dad had the brioche sundae and my girlfriend and I shared the peanut butter and chocolate sundae with Rice Krispies which was quite interesting indeed. The service at this restaurant was fantastic.  The waiters were very attentive.  Sometimes that isn't the case when you eat in the bar vs. the dining room.  The prices were surprisingly reasonable.  I don't feel the need to to go back to eat in the dining room, but I'll absolutely be back to the bar!
Dinner June 2014. Beautiful building - great atmosphere for conversational dinners. The fresh flower arrangements are so beautiful. We enjoyed the dinner tasting menu in the dining room. Not only should you be prepared to spend a lot of money, but time too. I would have preferred for the waiters to see that we were anxious for the next course and to up the pace a little. By the end of the dinner I wasn't even sure if I was satiated or just ready to get out of the restaurant...
I was SO excited to go to Gramercy Tavern for a friend's birthday but was deeply dismayed at my meal. I have been told that this place is far and away the best restaurant in New York City. I have to disagree respectfully. Don't get me wrong, the decor and ambiance of this place is just lovely. You walk in and immediately see bouquets of fresh flowers everywhere. The paintings and decorations in the main dining area make you feel like you are in someone's elegant home.  It is intimate but also bustling, which is a difficult balance to strike.  The service was superb, friendly, and accommodating... the waiters knew everything about their dishes and were happy to share their expertise with us. That being said, the quality of food simply did not align with the service and atmosphere.  Everything was oversalted. Even the bread.  When you pay this much for a meal (especially with so many cheap places to eat in the city), you expect excellence.  I had the tasting menu and only liked one of my appetizers. Everything else was too salty to bear.  In fact, some of it was so salty, I couldn't taste any of the other flavors. This was a true disappointment. It's possible I went on an off day, but with a reputation like theirs, that really shouldn't happen.
I first went to Gramercy Tavern back in 2004 and remember that it was a great experience. From the food to the service, it was all excellent. I went back two weeks ago and it was still great food and service. My friends and I ordered the prefix menu and it started with a coconut-based soup with shrimps and mussels. It was a light version of tom yam soup and very refreshing with the shrimps cooked to perfection as it melts in your mouth. The second course was smoked sweetbreads where I cannot find the words to describe. The main course was grilled lamb shoulder steak, seasoned and cooked perfectly. The dessert was a chocolate layered cake with sour cream ice cream. All for $90!!!
It was a wonderful evening in this restaurant. We took the seasonal menue with the 7 courses. Every plate was really tasty and flavorfull. The service was really great too and the place was nice.
A solid 1 for the arrogant and clueless bar staff and a 5 for the food. I've been to Gramercy Tavern several times, all of them meeting friends and eating at the bar and on every occasion not only myself but my friends have all commented on the arrogance and unfriendly nature of the bar staff.  I've found McDonalds counter help more excited to see a customer. On my last encounter two female guests sitting next to me at the bar asked where else they could go in the area as they were also put off by the unfriendly nature of the bartender. Now lets go to the positive. The food is wonderful. Always something new and unique with a nice wine selection. The atmosphere (other than the arrogance of the staff) is pleasant, although it can get a little loud when it's crowded. Let me net this out for you. There are many other places in NYC where the food is comparable and the staff actually makes you feel welcome, so those would be my first choice. If you happen to find yourself at Gramercy Tavern, no-doubt you will find the food delightful but you won't be wowed by the staff so be forewarned.
I don't know what happened to Gramercy.  I've been a bunch of times, each one more spectacular than the next.  However, my visit on Wednesday was not a bad meal, per se, but if all I wanted was a decent meal, there are many places in Manhattan that do that for under $84pp. First of all, we would have loved the tasting menu, but we had a vegetarian in the group and 4 of the 5 dishes on the vegetable menu had meat.  Not just chicken stock, but lardo, razor clams, etc. etc.  We know they will make substitutions, but substituting 4 of 5 dishes is extreme.  Further, it seems that Gramcery has embraced the recession - the whole menu, which now costs $112 was utterly not worth it in terms of what was served.   We ordered off the regular menu and everyone was pleased well enough, but nobody wowed, as we usually are.  The flat iron steak tasted like pot roast.  The duck breast was crusted with some random crunchy things that destroyed the texture of duck breast.  The food seemed scaled back on quality, but upped way high to foodie land.  Leave the weird foodie stuff to wd-50 and its ilk.  That's not why people go to Gramercy. But the most disappointing part was the lackluster service.  The reason Gramercy was my favorite restaurant is because going there is a pure experience.  We felt rushed to order, the menu was not explained well, the options were not presented well, our waiter forgot stuff, the cheeses are not longer presented tableside and our waiter royally screwed up our plate (had no idea what was on it after he told us he would make a selection of 5).  The fish entree was served cold and we couldn't find our waiter to warm it up.  We eventually flagged down a different waiter who, it seems, just popped the whole thing in the microwave, partially picked apart and all.  And finally, the signature coffee cakes were practically thrown at us and not explained.  In the past, we have been given a small spiel that wrapped up the evening.  It looked like this waiter couldn't wait to get out. It's a disappointment.  Gramercy has effectively lost it's billing as our special splurge restaurant.  We'll give it another try in the future, but our experience left us with a bitter taste.
I always order a veggie plate (not on menu) and it's always seasonal, fresh and outstanding!
If there was ever a restaurant that defines New York City Dining- GT has to be it, or at least in the conversation. Not going to bore you with a detailed review- I would just be telling you something everyone else have said before - it is in every sense of the word- a great dining restaurant. The food is executed well- the service is impeccable and the overall ambiance is warm- if there is a complaint- well- it is pricey. Have eaten here several times and it has changed from Colicchio to Schaefer and of course Michael Anthony-but it never disappointed.
Four years waiting for this? Really? I can't believe the grade of overrateness the Gramercy Tavern has. Where to begin? My husband told me about this place long time ago, and I tried to make a reservation since 2010. Never got it, until yesterday. He ate there with a friend ten years ago, and they left the place before desert because everything was disaster.       The menu is so boring. This is supposed to be one of the top ten most popular places to dine in New York City.   The waiter was a disaster, he didn't make appealing any of the menu. We both ordered the steak tartare, it was a tiny plate that just came from the refrigerator, with garlic and salty The taste was bad and dry. The entree was a roasted lamb, it was worse han then appetizer. The bad taste of the lamb remained in my mouth until the next morning. Even the wine wash good, but it was the best of the dinner,    The dessert was boring, ice cream and a whatever cake. The funniest was at the end when the waiter asked us if we wanted to take out the last little scoop of ice cream that remained from the dessert. Are you serious? It was a joke, and a bad one.  The waiter was like a dummy, cold and scripted. The service was very slow.     Overall, the Grammercy  Tavern became very famous and popular and they live from that. Everything is dated here. It is for senior appeal. The main salon was full of grannies. You will save time looking for other new places like Le Philosophe o Lafayette in Soho, that is much better.   This is a clear proof that a lot of the upscale dinning in New York is overrated and at the end is not worth it.
Very good food.  I would give this place 4.5 stars for several reasons: , 1.  No wait for a seat at the bar, didn't have reservations, my buddy and I were just walking on 20th and voila! there it was.  Seating immediately. 2.  Friendly staff.  Seriously these guys were smiling right when we walked in the door.  Wow, talk about a smile assault.  Refreshing. 3.  3 course prix fix, $35.  Yes, you read that right.  I had the gnocchi to start, the pork chop (tender, moist, perfect), and for dessert the strawberry pie.  Did I mention $35? 4.  A couple of glasses of bubbly, for us each and the meal was pretty much close to perfect.   I'll be there for dinner another night, can't wait for the "sit down" meal. The meal was on point and yes, I'll be back.
Great food.  Best service I've ever experienced.  Got in for lunch on my anniversary and did the tasting menu.  Highly reccomend!!
I really wanted to give the place five stars but the michelin star aside, there is such a hype about the venue that i had very huge expectations even before i stepped in. Though the tavern is a unique place. has a rustic decorative style and the figures over the bar are such nice and colorful. Also there are the matchboxes in the entrance which is maybe not a unique idea but gives the place an idea of self. The menu is more than okay, cause all the ingredients are fresh and the combinations are creative. There is no such thing that you can say as a `unique` signature dish but they do not pretend as if they have such an offer unlike other michelin locations such as Bouley - which i will be dishing about in short, i know you are impatient to hear me moan about them. Tavern has off the menu items, and i knew that even before i started ordering. Though the waitstaff are very nice and courteous and mine did not become bored of telling me every detail about every special daily dish they had with all the ingredients and where they come from. twice. That was a plus side. The off-the-menu burger is delicious but very big. I wanted to try many other things but could not. The deserts are also very nice and creative, also light. They just crumble and melt in your ice such as the chocolate layer thing. Ice creams are also a plus side of the menu. The dining room has a squid ink pasta dish which is light and great. I love it. If you are a fan of fish, but still do not want to compose your meal entirely from the seafood section -which you are obliged to in many locations, marea included - this is the spot you can get for yourself. Location is also a plus of Tavern. Airy and spacious. Even the dark and country-inspired tavern furniture do not make you become engrossed in between the wooden tables and chairs etc. Give it a try, you won't regret it. Edit: I have given 4 stars to GT unfairly. After serious contemplation of couple other places that share the same level of recognition, i have to admit that i have to upgrade my miserly 4 star judgement to something that is accurate. After all this is my favorite restaurant.
Came here with my mom after a disappointing dinner at Craftbar for an after dinner drink and dessert. We walked in with no reservation at about 9:30 on a Saturday night. We asked if we could sit in the bar and they said sure but they happened to have an open table. We said we just wanted a drink and dessert but they said no problem at all. Our waitress was great. I wish I could remember her name. Her and I decided by the end of the night that we were kindred spirits as everything she suggested was exactly what I would have wanted. It was snowing and I was craving a hot cider which she convinced me to get with Calvados which I'd never heard of as I'm not much of a drinker but she explained to me it was like a brandy and I was sold. My mom ordered a glass of Cab. For our desserts I was between the chocolate pudding and the sticky toffee cake. She sold me on the pudding because of the salty sweet component of hte toffee popcorn. My mom ordered the pecan tart with I think it was a pumpkin ice cream. The apple cider hit the spot. It was warm and slightly spicy and so so delicious and not at all too sweet. I had to pace myself and not gulp it down because it was just so good. My chocolate pudding was also delicious with the toffee popcorn and whipped cream. My mom really enjoyed her pecan tart as well but I will say, it was pretty tiny. Overall, the food and drinks were good but the service was what made our experience so worth it. I'll definitely be back soon for a full on meal, and if its cold and snowing, you can bet I'll be ordering another one of those apple ciders
happy birthday to me! the place is modern farmhouse chic. It feels fancy but not pretentious. (how can that actually be true?) I love the colorful food mural in the tavern and the service was amazing. Perfectly indetectably attentive. They must have an amazing training program. highlights: (we order drinks at the bar. the BF gets ready to pay) barman: And will you be dining with us tonite? us: yes. barman: 9:30? you must be mr. w---. We'll transfer your tab over. us: (stunned by good service) yes. (!) I LOVED our waiter, who swooped in and apologized when we refilled our own wine. and I felt special when they swooped out of the way when we were walking to the table, restroom, anywhere! we did the 3 course dinner: amuse bouche: a lil stick with some veggies slices artfully folded. FIRST Smoked Trout w/Cippollini Purée and Pickled Onions - melt away. is this fish? Ruby Red Shrimp w/Black Kale, Polenta and Salsa Verde - somehow not raw, but amazing. wait! they're not overcooked! SECOND Sea Bass w/Spaghetti Squash, Walnuts and Sherry Sauce Venison loin - does not seem to be listed online right now, but was amazing, too. palate cleanser: mandarin jelly, mascarpone, meringue - so teeny and yummy DESSERT Sorbets: Blood Orange, Mango Mint and Coconut - came w/ some mini cookies. Blood Orange cheese cake with pistacios and phyllo - not on the menu right now.
Experty prepared lunch.  Exceptional customer service.  Kudos to Gramercy Tavern. Tip: For a date, book in advance and reserve a table in the dining room where you'll have more room and a quieter dining experience.
Highlight: Five stars, not necessarily for the food which is delicious but, for the experience. My man told me to pick a restaurant and he'd take me out for a little date night action. I dropped Gramercy Tavern. We got a 5:30 reservation! Totally fine, we wanted to check out a movie after so it worked out. (Five stars for Silver Linings Playbook as well). From the minute we entered the door, the level of service was exquisite. One almost forgets when it's been awhile without fine dining how nice it is to be promptly attended to. We start off with a few drinks and take a gander at the menu. Now the menu: you have a choice between a three course meal for $80ish or a seven course tasting at $110ish. We weren't trying to stuff ourselves to the gills so we thought the three course would be plenty. It was. I'm not going to give a complete breakdown of my meal except the highlights: the smoked trout app - get it. It literally tastes like butter that melts in your mouth; it was my favorite part of the meal. My man's sea bass was also a delight while my lamb entree though was extremely good and i found to be quite big, could not compare to the fish entree. I also ordered the special app of the evening, duck dumplings, which I did not enjoy though my man did. I just personally found the duck very overpowering and that's not my favorite flavor. They were cooked perfectly though with the skin being slight charred. The dessert was decadent. We did find that the peanut butter semi freddo was the winner in the dessert field and they do keep the sugar flowing with free petit fours and coffee cake as a take home for the next morning (what a nice touch). Ultimately, I thought to myself, for $88, a 3 course meal with extra bites here and there is a really good deal. If I went out to a local spot in Jersey City and ordered an app, entree and dessert we are hitting up $50-60 and that is without the amazing service (no bread plate or water glass went empty), the high quality of food (even if I ultimately found the meal itself 4 star worthy) and being able to check in on your Yelp app to the Gramercy Tavern. The experience is amazing and I think the price tag is worth it. So, get that special someone, head to GT, order any of the fish items and sit back and be served.
If I can think of one grievance against Gramercy Tavern, it would be that throughout the dinner, my date was fawning more over the restaurant than over me. And despite my (unwarranted) large ego and jealousy to match a particular god of the Old Testament, I have forgiven my date for such a grave offense. Because, all jokes aside, Gramercy Tavern not only matched our high expectations, it exceeded them in its perfect execution and flawless delivery of all aspects of the dining experience. As with Jean Georges and Nougatine, Gramercy Tavern offers two dining experiences-- the tavern and the dining room. Each has its own space, unique decor, individualized menu, and a different price tag. Closer to the entrance of the restaurant and encompassing the bar, the tavern is the more casual side of the restaurant. Decorated with colorful contemporary paintings of fruits and vegetables, the tavern is charmingly lively and fun. Although the date and I only stayed at the tavern for drinks, I actually much more enjoyed the atmosphere here than in the dining room. The cocktails that we had at the bar were absolutely superb. I ordered the Orange Blossom (sparkling wine, elderflower, orange bitters) and the date got Peach Basil Fizz (bourbon, peaches, basil, soda), but ended up switching drinks with the date partly because I ended up enjoying his drink more and partly because I kept teasing him of how masculine he looked with a champagne flute. For both drinks, they were subtle and delicious. The date also later got the Tradewind (rum, cucumber, ginger, lime) which was spicy and refreshing. With dimmer lights and a quieter crowd, the dining room is the elegant and intimate counterweight to the lively and casual tavern. The charming grace of the dining room is derived from its subtlety. Unlike the other famed colonial themed restaurant, One if By Land Two if By Sea, Gramercy Tavern doesn't capitalize on the antique decorations to a point of garishness. Rather, the restaurant decor is a tasteful balance of modern and colonial that serves as a visual representation of the restaurant's culinary philosophy. Simply stated, the dinner was absolutely amazing. Since both the date and I preferred the larger selection of options form the dinner menu than the tasting menus, we ended up getting the $82 dinner menus rather than the season tasting menu or the vegetarian tasting menu. For the first course, I ordered the veal cappelletti, and the date ordered the black tagliatelle. For the main course, I ordered the smoked lobster while my companion got the rack of pork and braised belly. With all the dishes, I was floored by how meticulously thought out and exquisitely prepared everything was. Though gracefully subtle, the flavors were by no means lacking. Each ingredient played off another so well to bring out the most in its flavor and texture. As for my veal cappelletti, the veal was so tender, I'd describe it as being soft as velvet. The pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was light and really brought out the flavors of the veal. The lobster entree was, without any competition, the best lobster I've ever had. Tack on any appetizing adjective applicable to a crustacean dish, because the lobster here really was perfect. And the desserts! *swoon* I ordered the Grand Marnier Mascarpone Cheesecake (Gentlemen, let's get serious. Mascarpone cheesecake is a fail proof dessert on it's own, but if you add Grand Marnier into the mix, the end result is what I'd call [if I may be so lewd] the panty-dropper of sweets. Learn to make it.) while my date got the chocolate bread pudding. The cheesecake was phenomenal (soft, sweet, flavorful), and I really loved the brittle with which it came (crispy, crunchy, lasting caramelized sugar taste that reminds me of the white grandmother I imagined having). The only thing not orgasmic was the lemon-raspberry sorbet, which was just fine. I've never been a big fan of bread pudding so I didn't steal my date's food as I've been shamelessly doing all night (all in the name of research, I swear!), but the ice cream that came along was absolutely divine. Throughout the night, the service was impeccable. The servers were not only polite, knowledgeable, helpful, but they were also very well versed in the art of short polite conversations armed with rapid wit. Of course, not everything was perfect. The upholstery looks like those of a dentist from the 1990s. And I also found an eyelash in my dessert. But since I did get another dish with apologies, and since the ordeal was handled with commendable courtesy, I can't find much else to complain. Gramercy Tavern absolutely delivered. And seriously speaking, I can't be mad at my date. I mean, shoot, I'm fawning more over Gramercy Tavern than over him. Hell, I'm so in love with this place, if I ever make those silly "5 people I'm allowed to sleep with" list, I'm adding Gramercy Tavern onto the it. Right after Eric Bana.
My absolute favorite restaurant in New York. The food here is to die for. OMG that cheese cart.... I don't even know what to say is better? The Service, the decor or the food? All are perfect.The first time I dined here many years ago, they sent me a thank you letter. A thank you letter!? Who does that? The second time I ate there - they said welcome back. That kind of service will keep me coming back. But then there's the food. oh the delicious food. You may have to be rolled out of here and go on a liquid diet for a week to lose the weight, but it is SO worth it. Reservations are hard to come by - so book way ahead of time, but they also do a wait list for cancellations etc and often I've called the day before and gotten a great reservation that way.The bar is a great place as well to stop by and try the wonderful food. Definitely a must go to place in the city.
I love Gramercy Tavern. I took my mother here for her birthday a few months ago in the back dining room and the service was just impeccable. The waiters were extremely helpful with selecting wines with the tasting menu and when it came time for dessert, without having asked the plate read Happy Birthday Elizabeth. I hadn't even told my waiter her name, he'd just been so attentive that he remembered it when my group was talking at the table. I went here again with my mother for lunch this past Sunday and I have to say, another great time. Though I didn't totally love my lasagna, everything else was superb. When we were leaving the restaurant it began to rain a good deal so the staff offered us complimentary umbrellas - and they weren't the rinky dink $3 variety you pick up off the street. This restaurant really goes above and beyond to create a great atmosphere. I highly reccomend!!!
3 1/2 We had the tasting lunch menu on a Tuesday in August.  The service was excellent, the restaurant was attractive and the tables aren't too close, noise was fine. We were easily able to make some menu switches because of dietary restrictions. Food: what's with the mediocre bread?  The sourdough was slightly better than the rolls but neither were worth eating.   The highlight of the meal was an excellent lobster salad.  The other courses were good except for the desert -- a peach, tapioca pudding with something that tasted like granola heavily sprinkled on top. Price seemed reasonable.
How do you impress a girl on a first date? The Gramercy Tavern. Now all other first dates will lack. Sorry boys. We went through the entire wine list glass by glass... tasting and swirling and discussing the beautiful Alsacian white. The bartenders were top-notch, albeit a bit smug, but I suppose I would be snug if I had that sort of bartending job, too. The food was divine. The carrot and calamari salad was delicately tossed with an intriguing meyer lemon vinaigrette which smelled acidic with notes of wasabi. The corn soup was a rich, heavenly blend of sweet corn, cream and oyster mushrooms topped with smoky bacon shavings. This soup was so good I just want to bathe in it. That good. For our second course, we had the fontina stuffed meatball over a potato puree which was great. I wouldn't say it is the best meatball I have ever had, but I think that is due in part to the recent New York City meatball craze of 2006-2007. The pork chop was stunning. This was one of the most flavorful pieces of meat I have eaten this year. Plump and fork-tender, smoky, succulent and without a doubt meaty, this was plated on a warm zucchini and served with crisp haricot vert. It was perfection. Ugh. I am disgusted with how good this dish is. Men, have you been taking notes? Are you properly equipped with $250 and a lot of good jokes? Spare me of designer bags. I will forgo all the nice clothes in the world for a fantastic night of drinking and eating such glorious food. So the question remains: Will I go out on a second date with him? Well, that unfortunately depends less on the food and more on the chemistry.
Rarely does a place like this live up to the hype, but Gramercy Tavern was as good as advertised.  The food was outstanding, the drinks were smooth, and the service was impeccable.  Hats off to Gramercy Tavern for making my wife's birthday so enjoyable! My wife and I ate in the main dining room, where they only have three set menus.  I went with the pappardelle as an appetizer.  It was delicious with a plentiful amount of noodles with beef in the sauce.  I also had the duck as an entree, and it was AWESOME.  I got it medium rare, so I recommend it the same way because it was so tender and flavorful.   My wife had the pollock as an entree.  Cooked perfectly without a fishy taste and the lobster on the side was excellent! And, the fall classic is a fantastic drink.  Smooth with a nice cider taste.  I highly recommend it if you like apple cider.
Went for lunch. We came exactly at 12:00 and sat in the Tavern section. The table we were sitting at in this section was a bit on the uncomfortable side - to eat at; but it was all secondary when the food arrived. The desert was amazing too. The service was very good as well. Good place to take your parents when they come into town...
At $88 for dinner, Gramercy Tavern ranks amongst the more affordable of the event restaurants in NYC.   Both the tavern room and the dining room are elegant and beautiful, but maintains a casual touch reflecting its location, which is lacking in comparison to GT's stodgier counterparts uptown.  This balance is reflected again in the service, which is on point to a T, but not overbearing nor judge-y nor catering only to the gray-haired contingent. Service is on point, great recommendations and knowledgeable.  Food is stellar and bursting with New American freshness.  Only slight negative would be that its not as creative or fusiony as other places, but GT does what id does with gusto. Really exemplifies the Woohoo!  As good as it gets! rating.
I had an excellent dinner here with the veal sweetbreads, roasted and braised lamb, and apple tarte tatin.  I loved the bites of my friends' smoked trout, butternut squash custard, and bread pudding too.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. We came here during our weekend trip and chose this as our one "fancy" dinner out.  Other top-rated restaurants in the city were charging exorbitant amounts for tasting menus, so it was nice to find a place that offered dinner for ~$100 (still ridiculous, but relatively inexpensive). Service had a few hiccups at first but smoothed out after we finally ordered. The restaurant is classy and romantic but not intimidating (we noted that it looked like what Cheesecake Factory strives to be).  Most people were in cocktail attire but we also saw a couple of diners who felt comfortable enough to walk in with T-shirts and jeans. Overall a very solid pick for a NYC visit or any special occasion.
Okay, so I've eaten in both the regular dining room and the tavern.  The dining room dinner I had there during the winter was so good and I remember the food and service were at least 4 stars. I came back again the other night, this time in the tavern, and I ordered a la carte because the prix fixe options didn't look too appealing.  The food was rather disappointing.  I had the mussels, red beans, and chorizo in cilantro broth to start with, and then the arctic char, quinoa, asparagus, and candied tomatoes.  Both were just okay - neither memorable nor outstanding. The ambiance was laidback and comfortable which was appreciated, but at times a few people were getting rowdy and I almost felt like fresh meat at a frat party.  While trying to enjoy my meal alone, this douchebag sidles up next to me and starts hitting on me so shamelessly you'd think I had ordered "Drunk married lawyer" as my main course.  Instead of coming to my rescue and telling the guy to back off, two of the staff just stood and chuckled to themselves, only apologizing to me when he had already left.  Thanks. So overall, the restaurant gets a 3 because the dining room is 4/5 but the tavern experience was only a 2.
The smoked trout!!!! Awesome! Such an inviting establishment. You feel welcome from entrance to exit. Enjoy!
We had the fixed course dinner and it was nice, but have to say, underwhelming. Space is gorgeous; it's a lovely setting, but food doesn't quite match. Not to say it was bad, just not particularly memorable. Next...
I'm so lucky to have people like Heather H in my life who continue to introduce me to some of the best restaurants around.  She's been raving about Gramercy Tavern for some years now, and I had the pleasure of joining her for a Restaurant Week lunch date last Friday.  And Gramercy lived up to the hype in spades. One of my dining pet-peeves is restaurants that try way too hard. Perhaps the reason I liked Gramercy Tavern so much is that it makes everything seem effortless.  It also has the distinction of successfully combining elements of old school upscale dining (synchronous food arrival, swarms of busboys swapping plates and silverware, etc.) with a friendly relaxed feel.  I feel like you'd be just as comfortable here in a suit as you would in jeans and flip-flops.  That's a hard balance to strike. Finally, the food is just excellent.  Classic yet innovative, balanced portions, and very well executed.  I started with a calamari and carrot salad, fresh light and yummy and had the sirloin for my main dish - the highlight of which was the three buttery ravioli underneath.  Dessert deserves a special mention as the most delectable, rich, and ridiculously good bread pudding I have ever had. This is a great meal for an expense account or a place to take your parents if you're not eating here during Restaurant Week (but thank god we were!  All that for $40? Yes please). But still, it's nice when the legendary places live up to expectations.  Well done.
this was a dining experience. i've been told by many good friends/foodies that gramercy is their favorite place to dine in the city. we came here for a 4 hr long 7 course tasting menu. wow was that fun!!! our waiter was amazingly attentive and explained each course to us in detail. the bread guy came around often enough and our water glasses were never empty. on top of it all, i was the only 1 of our party of 4 who didn't order a drink ( i was coming down with a cold) but was given a mocktail that was entirely delicious made of sparkling cider and orange peel i think so that i can toast with my friends. um hello?!??!? each course was obviously decadent. everything cooked medium to medium rare. we were given a complimentary palette cleanser between the appetizer and main course and topped off with a plate of mini macaroons and a a few other sweets i forgot the name of. i wouldn't take my kids here but i saw a surprising amount of children dining at tables. it was a very expensive meal but a truly enjoyable one. would recommend for birthdays, anniversaries, and all major celebration of life milestones/accomplishments.
To this day Gramercy Tavern remains my favorite restaurant in the city.   The tavern side is much more my style, and if a bad dish exists on their menu, I haven't found it yet.  Don't be afraid to order out of your comfort zone at times, you will most often be rewarded for your intrepid nature.   The service staff is warm and attentive, and the sommelier seems to have a flare for the obscure.  I was looking for  at a glass of vermouth after dinner one night and her eyes just seemed to light up at the challenge of finding something that isn't often ordered.  She tasted me on some amazing options until I settled on the Punt e Mes.  She even gave my wife some shopping options for finding the creme de violet that she loves.   This place is as close to perfect as a restaurant can get.
Not worth $92/person. Took my boyfriend here for his birthday. We had kale salad, smoked trout, lamb 2 ways, and black bass. Kale salad was way too sour / tasted like they just poured lemon juice all over it (and soaked some maraschino cherries in vinegar and tossed it with some slivered almonds), and my black bass with 4 pieces of fingerling potatoes was inedible because it was way too salty. Exchanged it for flounder which then was bland and on a bed of some mushy vegetables. Yes the fish was moist but this was definitely not Michelin-star worthy food. Smoked trout was OK, tasted fine, missing textural element (everything was so mushy) and lamb was nothing to write home about. Service? Just because they bring you new utensils for every course and get water refills, that doesn't mean that's superb service. That's basic. We couldn't flag down a server when we needed them and after waiting about 15 minutes for a birthday cake that didn't come (that I specifically requested ahead of time and even called about, twice), gave up and asked it to go-- the server came back with a COAT CHECK TAG saying We "can go pick it up on our way out". I've never had anyone give me a coat check tag for my food that I'm getting to-go. Received a mumbling apology from some manager and got some cookies & muffin (probably from another bakery) to go as well. Eh. There are way too many good places in NYC for me to come back here.
I'll find an excuse to celebrate anything.  So when I was accepted to a graduate school AND received a nice little stipend, it was only my natural inclination to apply those savings in education to more important things, say, going out and eating.  Which is why I found myself at Gramercy Tavern. Because I arrived a few minutes early, I thought I would get a drink at the bar.  Scratch that.  Not only was the bar crowded, but the bartender chose to serve others before me.  I'm sorry I don't look like your typical Macallan single malt drinker.  Thankfully, this unattentive service was just a fluke because the service was phenomenal for dinner itself. After a diligent review of the very comprehensive wine list, we ordered a bottle of 2006 Ferrando Carema.  Our waiter decanted the wine for us and after a few minutes, we were able to enjoy the juicy flavor of strawberry and cherry, with hints of vanilla.  We both remarked on the legs for this particular wine; they were very pronounced.  It was a good red to pair with fish. In order to sample as much of the menu as possible, we opted for the Spring Tasting Menu.  Because we happened to be eating on a Friday and my parents are fairly traditional, we asked our waiter if we could substitute two of the meat-based courses with fish or seafood.  Our waiter, Alvaro, was more than obliging and let us select anything we wanted from the second course section of the three course menu.  He even offered his two preferences, which turned out to be spot-on, especially with the wine we were drinking. The amuse for the evening was an olive tapenade encapsuled in deep-fried dough.  Mmm.  If this was an indicator of the rest of the meal, I was in for a real treat.  (Spoiler: treat is an understatement.) Fluke with Radish and Citrus - The fluke was prepared tartar style.  Delicate and sweet, it paired very well but was not overpowered with the acidity of the citrus or sharp flavor of the radish. Carrot Soup - The yogurt made this soup very creamy and smooth.  In addition to the carrot-based broth, there were paper-thin slices of carrots in the soup as well.  After a winter of eating squash-based creamy soups, this was a refreshing change. Smoked Trout - The trout was prepared with cippollini purée and pickled onion vinaigrette. I loved the contrast of flavors - sweet puree, tangy onions, and tender lightly smoked fish (it still had many notes of freshness).  Not only did it taste good, but the use and arrangement of color and shapes on the plate made this course visually appealing! Sea Bass - This was one of my favorites of the evening.  The sea bass was served on a bed of crunchy Swiss chard and topped with pine nuts and capers.  The mild fish just melted in my mouth and the pine nuts and Swiss chard gave the course a crisp crunch. Arctic Char - The fish was served on a bed of leeks and sunchokes and topped with hazelnuts.  Hazelnuts were the perfect touch for how rich and oily the fish was and really allowed the flavor of the fish to stand on its own. Cheese Plate - We received three pungent cheeses from the Hudson Valley, almonds and honey, as well as a variety of bread and crackers.  Delicious! Apple Pastry - Not only was this flaky pastry absolutely delightful, but this is where the service really stood out.  All of the servers who had attended to our table throughout the evening (even the bread guy!) came over to wish me well and to congratulate me.  Because this was an occassion to warrant celebration, we were brought glasses of muscatel on the house. Petit fours - The dark chocolate peanut butter bonbon was amazing.  We also had chewy and chocolatey macarons, tangy lemon tarts, and a beautiful white chocolate filled with cassis. Time for caffeine! Whenever at a restaurant, I enquire about French press coffee as it is always such a treat (and makes an Americano seem like brown water).  The waiter smiled and told me that he had not one, but FIVE varieties of French press coffee for me to choose from.  I opted for a Brazilian blend that was spiced with cinnamon, orange, and cardamom.  It was not only aromatic, but incredibly tasty.  If Gramercy Tavern would allow me to chill at the bar in the afternoon with my Kindle or my business management textbook, I would be a happy girl.  Hey, I can dream. When the cheque arrived, our waiter also brought us muffins for our breakfast the next day.  As we left the restaurant, I was showered with another wave of kind words and congratulations. Although Gramercy Tavern did not strike me as the restaurant where I would be relishing in all sorts of amazingly prepared seafood, it was.   4.5 stars, rounded to 5 for the warm and outstanding service, which truly differentiated Gramercy Tavern from other 1-star Michelin establishments.
I've been wanting to go to Gramercy Tavern for the past couple of years ever since I moved to New York, but never actually made it there. I finally made it when my wife just took me there for my birthday! And it lived up to my expectations fully! We were seated in a wonderful area of the restaurant towards the back corner of the main dining room. The waitress we had was both extremely friendly and very knowledgeable about both the food menu and the drink menu and how to pair them together. We ordered the Open Ravioli with Meat and I wasn't really sure what to expect, but it was amazingly tasty - I could've had seconds of it! We also got the Corn Pudding to start which also was good, but not as good. For entrees, it was the halibut which was cooked so perfectly, it was silky smooth, and the lamb which was very good as well. My favorite dessert we had was the Peanut Butter Semifreddo. Everything this night couldn't have been better and if you haven't been to Gramercy Tavern yet, you should definitely give it a try at least once. I'm sure I'll be back there a second time soon!
After living in Gramercy  for two years I was about to move back to the west coast and had to try GT before I left.  I was highly skeptical of the hype and could not imagine just how good this restaurant could be.  However, it definitely lived up to its reputation and exceeded expectations.   After debating whether we should all order different items from the menu, we decided to order the tasting menu and i'm so glad we did.  I would definitely recommend doing this, as although it limits your choices, the portions and flavor variety you get do not disappoint.  It is the best way to really test the chef's ability. Had the vegetable tasting menu and it was one of the best meals I have ever eaten.  Each dish had a unique combination of flavors and the pacing of the meal was delightful.  Very attentive staff. The only thing i didn't love was the restaurant atmosphere.  It was noisy and cluttered, but would go back if I got the chance.
3.5 really.  Exactly what I was expecting.  The tasting course was playful and delicious (except the dessert-it tasted gritty and not at the level of other dishes).  The environment is country cozy...sorta dated.  Service was not memorable.  Recommended for nice night out with the parents....especially if they are paying :P
And for my 100th review... let me present to you GRAMERCY TAVERN! One of the best all around dining experiences I've had in NYC!! FFF, T and I came here on a snowy Saturday evening and it was the definition of perfection. Those two had actually already been here once without me, can you believe it??!! I couldn't either, needless to say I was beyond excited to finally experience Gramercy Tavern for myself. As others have mentioned the service is top notch, I mean these guys really have it down. The could teach the course to all other area restaurants. The Tavern Menu is one of the best deals in the city, hands down. You still get exquisite food for a price that is really reasonable. Plus, the Tavern itself has such a great feel to it. It's warm and classy, friendly and upscale all at the same time. Their cocktail list is really on point and I highly, highly recommend the Fall Classic with Bourbon, Cider, Calvados, Thyme and Lemon. This is a drink you will find yourself craving weeks if not months later, and perfect for any chilly evening. The wine list is also great, and amazingly reasonable. Also, they sell a "taste" of wine ie: half glass. Let me explain to you how perfect this is, say you are going to share a nice bottle of Pinot to accompany your meal but you're like me and can't fathom the idea of not starting with the oysters. Now you're thinking well a crisp white would be better with the oysters now wouldn't it.... well Gramercy Tavern has the solution already figured out for you: half glass! Damn, these guys have thought of everything... The food... oh the food! When FFF are together it's a sharefest of food. I know what you're thinking... we're not mean to T, we'd share with her too but she's allergic to shellfish and I prefer my dinners not ending with a trip to the E.R.!! So anyway we split some oysters, pate, the seafood tagliatelle off the tasting menu (umm yea they don't even flinch at substitutions and special requests at GT). T had the sweetbreads and even though I'm not really a fan she said they were fantastic. I had the flounder which was amazing and done over spaghetti squash and a lovely sherry sauce, it was really just divine. FFF had the smoked pork shoulder, which I got a couple of bites of and was also amazing but a bit rich. For dessert we did the chocolate pudding and the banana creme tart, which reminded us of a banana pudding. Both were equally fabulous. The entire bill-  cocktails, wine, all that food (yea we went a tad overboard) and dessert came to about $100 per person - AND WE ATE LIKE KINGS! Thank you Gramercy Tavern for joining my Top 5!
So glad I experienced this restaurant.  Really nice, proper, delicious way to dine.  I was nervous it would feel uptight and we would feel unwanted but that was never the case.  It was such a wonderful meal.  Can't wait to return for the less formal front room when the menu changes up.   Tip:  The back dining room does not open until 5:30 so if you arrive early, you will not be seated and have to wait.
Superb in every way, and one of my favorite restaurants. Extraordinary ambience; quiet, friendly service; and top notch food. Also an exceptional and decently priced wine list. If there is any drawback it's that there seems to be some recycling between seasonal tasting menus. Really they should begin anew each season. But this is only an issue for those who want to return.
We opted for dining in the vibrant tavern area with a much more casual setting as opposed to the dining room.  Different menus for both -- more inexpensive tasting menu in the tavern -- but it's also first come first served so you can expect to wait. Tasting Menu ($48) - fluke tartare - duck consommé with buckwheat dumplings and root vegetables - grilled and braised flat iron steak with sunchoke, quinoa and hazelnuts - lemon icebox pie with chocolate hazelnut crumbs I enjoyed all of the food thoroughly.  Because we weren't too crazy about the lemon icebox pie upon reading the description, we asked if we could opt out and choose a dessert from the a la carte menu which they happily let us do.  We ended up selecting the sticky toffee cake and pumpkin whoopie pies which were both delicious.  Despite our reservations on the lemon icebox pie our server gave one to us anyway, gratis, because he thought it was a great dessert and that we really should try it.  He was right, it was very good. Good food and friendly, topnotch service.
Excellent meal. You can apply the tavern rather than the dining room knowning that was pretty enjoyable. Would turn back again and that is saying something considering we head over to NYC only a few days every 3-5 yrs.
went here for drinks a few days ago and this place was great.  I had the mezcal drink Smokey and spicy and my husband was drinking rose, he had all three they offered.  had a few bites at the bar and everything was amazing.  ill be back soon.
What a tasting treat! Traditional, not stuffy. Name matches its style.
GT is a longtime family favorite, and a decade later you still need to book exactly 28 days in advance to secure a dinner reservation. Chef Anthony has maintained if not surpassed the success of former diva Tom Colicchio. To me, GT epitomizes what Danny Meyer is all about. The man is a genius. We always opt for the seasonal tasting menu, and sometimes ask the sommelier for help pairing wines. Service here is better than most restaurants I've dined at globally. Friendly, efficient, knowledgable about each dish and each movement is perfectly timed. You won't see a napkin go unfolded when a patron leaves the table to go to the restroom. The staff somehow manages to appear when needed, and seemingly disappear when they're not. Other restaurants should study this model of service excellence. So how about the food? I've yet to have a course I didn't enjoy in ten years. Not a single course. Favorites like the Smoked Trout with Cipollini Purée and Pickled Onions never grow old. Chef Anthony had a gift for using seasonal ingredients and showcasing them in such a manner that delights the eyes and the palate. Course after course wows and commands silence, as we savor every morsel. Then there's the cheese. Oh my, the cheese! When requesting the cheese cart be brought to the table so we could insert a cheese course prior to the sweet desserts, I was told that the cart was no longer. Say wha?!?! In true GT fashion, they placed the cheese case on a piece of rolling furniture to turn my frown upside down. Mission accomplished! GT isn't just a special occasion destination. The quaint tavern room up front is the ideal place to grab one of the best burgers in the city. The dining room (which technically is broken into several spaces) is intimate and lovely for a romantic date night or a family meal. I've witnessed no less than 4 engagements at GT, and so far they're 4 for 4! GT remains at the top of NY's fine dining restaurants for good reason.
How do you celebrate a belated b-day for 2 special friends who love to wine and dine and be accommodated to the fullest by the wait staff? ....you take them to Gramercy Tavern!  :) After a month's long wait...we finally made it to our reservation on a Thurs evening @ 9pm! I can tell you that this was seriously the LENGTHIEST dinner out I've EVER had! And it was MAGNIFICENT! @_@ I loved everything and I had high expectations, I mean it is a legendary place afterall! It exceeded every expectation I had and I couldn't get enough of that rustic warm elegant Autumn decor! The ambiance they created just wrapped me in its arms and gave me a hug when I walked through the front door! ...and trust me, I NEEDED IT! #_#.. The waitress with her cute haircut and her red framed glasses was the BEST! We ordered 3 Autumn tasting menus and 1 three course menu...well not just that we basically substituted every other item on the tasting menu among all of us and she greeted us with a smile!  ...I can say that I've tasted about 15 different dishes and my portion just consisted of 5 courses...with 2 amuse bouches...MMMmmmm! She was also knowledgeable with the winelist and the pairings, I was very impressed....We decided on a Rioja, which was splendid! She even went through the trouble to pour me a glass of Voignier that she originally recommended to go beautifully with the mackerel, which automatically gave her a thumbs up! Savory highlights: the lamb parpadelle (fresh, flavorful and juicy), the smoked trout (butter!), the lobster soup with a portion of lobster and a shaving of pancetta on top (delicate and rich), the mackerel with a little shaving of foie gras (I didn't know a little bit of foie could go such a long way), and the duck (so well prepared -tender, juicy and flavorful, I cannot not love it). Dessert highlights: OMG! so we ordered 4 and 5 showed up...each uniquely presented and I just almost died and went to heaven...actually I really did fall semi-asleep right before due to lack of sleep (3hrs) and high stress!  ...you can't blame me....by this time it was already midnight on a weekday with 4 glasses of wine in my body! ....with that said...dessert woke me up!  ^_^ I remembered the peanut butter one, the bread pudding, the chocolate cake with MINT icecream, the goat cheese cheesecake with a berry ice cream (too much like goat cheese to me...too savory and heavy), and the ginger cake! I literally almost felt my belt buckle click...but then there was more! ...the petit fours were so wonderfully Autumn :) There were macaroons with pumpkin in the middle, pumpkin truffles (OMG I would be happy if I ate that along all night!) and the passionfruit tarte (the perfect balance of tangyiness and sweetnes!)...OK please drag me out of here! OK after the bill was paid and everything settle, it wasn't over yet! We all received a little muffin to take home @_^ I just can't take it anymore, YOU HAD ME AT HELLO ! :)...and now I never wanted to say goodbye....It was already 1am in the morning, I could've just made myself comfortable and slept there all night!
One of those 'great NY dining experiences'....especially since I was on an expense account. Dined in the tavern part of the restaurant and service was still impeccable and thorough. Also, at the next table was John C. Reilly (before Step Brothers...when I had more respect for him as an actor) so I did not feel so bad not getting into the dining room. Actually, the tavern area was quite lively but still pleasant and I was glad to get a table there last minute. Started with the calamari and carrot salad which was a combo I never imagined trying but was quite delightful an refreshing. The carrots lended a sweetness which melded well with the sea-saltyness of the calamari. For entree I enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich and sorbet assortment for dessert. Still, when I am reminiscing on this experience, I often get things confused with an equally delicious meal I had at Union Square Cafe. Hhhmmm.....are these establishments somehow related?
Went into Gramercy last fall with my friends parents, there were five of us. Three of us got the tasting menu and two of us got the vegetarian tasting menu. Gramercy was one of those restaurants that I had been waiting and waiting to dine at in NYC. I had heard so much of the kielbasa there and the rest of the food (though I must say.. didn't actually try the kielbasa because we were doing the tasting). I'm not bashing Gramercy at all. The food was great. However, I do have to say that it wasn't what I expected, and it didn't exactly blow my socks off.  I do have to say that I enjoyed the vegetarian tasting more from the bites I did try, though one dish with sunchoke and lobster was out of this world. I do remember the duck-dumplings to be extremely random and very ehhhh. The last savory course- the steak was amazing. But you can't really go wrong with a sous-vid steak IMO. Anyways, loved it. I feel like I would have enjoyed the tavern more than the tasting menu though. I'd give it another shot.
Went for the first time over the weekend after wanting to try it for years, and I was not disappointed. Truly a wonderful meal with interesting twists on each dish that elevate beyond just being delicious. I had the carrot soup and chicken entree. My husband had the mushroom custard and black bass entree. Everything was beautifully prepared. Service was good, friendly, but lacking in dish descriptions, which would have been nice as a reminder of all of the ingredients. The muffins to go for breakfast was a nice touch.
An unintimidating restaurant with unbelievable everything, this "tavern" had a warm and inviting feel. I had the rabbit. (Sorry to those of you freaking out about my eating Thumper.) The rabbit was amaaaazing. It was so soft and juicy. It wasn't tough at all, and I could just picture a fat, fluffy bunny who did nothing but sit there and eat carrot after carrot. I'm sorry, Thumper. For dessert, I had the apricot tart, and it was reeeally awesome. It was beautifully presented and tasted even more wonderful. My tummy says thankee to Thumper & Co.
I got the Tasting Menu....$112 pp and a bottle of wine from the hamptons...I'm a San Franciscan and maybe i have different tastebuds compared to a New Yorker but my rating is based on the food. Service was great, ambiance was nice....I liked the fact that ppl actually dressed up to the nines---unlike in San Francisco...where no matter what you will always see someone in jeans and a fleece sweater--while next to them is someone dressed in a tux---but hey--That's what makes SF SF :) OK here is the breakdown: (I took a picture of each item--I have no shame) 1) Amuse Bouche---ehhh Dry 2) Tuna tartare deal ---very very good melts in your mouth good :) 3) Chilled Corn soup (hmmm---not good, flavors were creative but to difficult to manuever) 4) Trout--(definitly melt sin your mouth like seabass but taste like trout--Its made with pickled pureed onions with vinegar giving it that distinct taste and great combination) 5) the Pork (that was not good at all---it was dry, hard and I did not even eat half) 6) the dessert (it's ok nothing special 7) gramercy tavern bread pastry to go--cute conecpt but bread was dry and I ended up giving it to the housekeeping in the hotel) Overall Experience....3 Stars :)
I am not sure what else I can say except that on my last visit to New York I ate here three times!  We would think of other places to dine and then resort to....well,  let's go to Gramercy Tavern  This is the kind of place I almost don't want to yelp because I would like to continue being able to find a table!  The food is delicious.  The service amazing.  The duck is crispy and wonderful.  What really draws me to yelp this place though,  are the desserts.  I don't even really crave most desserts,  but Gramercy Tavern has probably the best,  most flavorful,  interesting desserts I have ever had.  Some dessert chefs create unique flavors that just don't work.  Other dessert chefs create beautiful, architectural pieces with no flavor.  At Gramercy Park  the beautiful, unusual combinations are fabulous!
Top notch. Food, service, decor all top drawer. Crucially, it's not pretentious either. Big fan. Get the lamb.
Finally went here a month ago. Initially, I was going to rate this place as three stars, due to the horrible service from the first hostess and the uberlong wait at the bar; we arrived a 1/2 hour early specifically to have a cocktail and 'absorb our surroundings' aka look around and ogle other people's meals/breasts. But they didn't tell us the bar was first come, first served...leaving us to stand  around like drooling idiots, waiting to be seated. And by the time we finally sat at the bar, it took another 20 minutes for 1 of the 3 barbacks to even acknowledge us, let alone take our order. Now, as a grad student who had pinched her pennies for a month in order to treat her boy to a 'fancy date', I was like a cartoon character; steam was rising our of my ears, my eyebrows were twitching, and I was 5 secs way from going Wile E. Cayote, until... "Your table is ready." God bless our waiter. I forgot his name, but this man was AMAZING! He let us peruse the menu while we ate our 5-cheese plate and drank our cocktails from the bar (backwards, I know...cheese is supposed to be dessert, but damnit, if I'm paying, I'll eat WHATEVER, WHENEVER, ya dig?) We went with the tasting menu...and left in a food induced stupor. From the first amuse-bouche, to accommidating our wine budget and tastes, to actually gaining our trust enough to order our desserts and complimenting wines for us, I was floored. I can't even remember all of the delish things we ate, however I will say that for a girl who doesn't dig fish, I must had 3 different types from the tasting menu, and damn near licked the plate clean after each one. In my mind, any fxck-ups committed by the hostess or bartenders was simply dismissed Now this is how restaurant service should be. For 2 tasting menus, a nice bottle of red, 2 cocktails, 2 glasses of dessert wine (yes, we were drunk by the time we left) and a 5-cheese plate (with tip) - $530. But it was worth every lil red cent.
I remember coming here years ago and always just loving the vibe in the bar area.  I recently started going back on a regular basis over the holidays and it confirmed why this will always be a NY'ers favorite.  The drinks are always made perfect in the cozy bar area.  I love a good southern comfort old fashion and in living in the days of fruity martinis it was nice to have my favorite made to my liking!  The menu never let's you down.  The kielbasa, Lamb Pappardelle was in a hearty gravy that made a cold night feel so much better,  the lobster was juicy.  You really cannot go wrong on the menu and be daring go for the tasting menu, experience it all.  Definitely top it off with the warm chocolate bread pudding. The service will keep you coming back for more.
Great Burger...
What's to say about GT? I know for a fact I will return again and again. The level of service, the quality of the food and the overall feeling of satisfaction I had dining here are what will keep me coming back. Tom C. from top chef got this show on the road in the 90's and Michael Anthony keeps it sparkling. There are many ways to dine at G Tavern, You can sit 3 places. Bar, Tavern or formal dining room. You can order A La Carte or Tasting; you can have lunch or dinner. I am confident all of these options would be enjoyable and I intend to hit them all. This place it top in NY for me and I feel it will be around for years and years to come. This is how a restaurant should be run; this is how the food should taste.   Here is a cool article about behind the scenes at Gramercy. Makes you appreciate the restaurant a little more. businessinsider.com/gram…
Work, family, and romance plummeted and trisected at a single point of deep despair - one amendable, I hoped, through a mild splurge at the festive and famous Gramercy Tavern. GT, as it turned out, is a bit crunchy. There's a vegetarian tasting menu for $98. I'll also deign to label it "family friendly" - it's big, patchworky, unpretentious and full of chatter and cheer on the interior. It's the type of establishment where the waitstaff and fellow patrons would happily chorus in for a birthday song, and merrily applaud and toast an engagement - functionally suitable, I concluded, for all occasions, provided that the diner is an extrovert. That's not to say that the meal was inelegant - just that elegance isn't GT's schtick. We opted for the 5-course, $116, non-vegetarian autumn tasting menu, which opened with a fluke tartare topped with a colorful trout roe - a warmly-hued dish, at the expense of a little excess fishiness. The secondary Nantucket Bay scallops (those really small ones) and tertiary smoked trout, each served with a vegetable puree, were both commendably rendered, and together the high points of the savory dishes. The low point was, disappointingly, the menu item I'd most looked forward to sampling: fettuccine with a (too-gamy) rabbit and (overpoweringly bitter) brussels. The ensuing venison was a palatable, if not outstanding peace offering. I will note that the dessert - I chose chocolate bread pudding - and the cocktails - I chose more than I was sober enough to recall later - were excellent, and the service was cheerful and warm. I left feeling much better.
Amazing service, superb american cuisine, top notch wine list... but worn/rusty setting, meh looking guests in casually looking attire make for a very unlikely repeat visit. There are better integrated upscale places to spend $200/person No regrets though, worth to check out once
As good as it gets! The food is phenomenal, presentation is great and the service is top notch. You can tell much investment is put into the customer having an unforgettable dining experience. Def worth the splurge.
Did the three course tasting menu in the dining room.  Wanted to try the 7 course but the server recommended not to mix the two style of tasting menus at the table.  Had the beef tar tar and rabbit.  The beef tar tar had more of a nutty flavor then the beef itself which was disappointing (if your thinking it will be a french style beef tar tar you will get the same reaction as me).   The rabbit still had great flavor and came out very well but it had some small surprising bones.  The food was overall good and not great.  Service was spectacular.  Need to try it again before I can give I can give it more stars honestly.   Notes:  Did taste other foods at the table, recommend the custard ap, veal entree and rhubarb dessert.
The vegetable tasting menu ($98) is five courses, more if you count the amuse bouche & the various desserts of nugget-sized bites, but those bites add up to a major food coma. The drawn-out pauses between courses, the ballet-like fluidity of plates being cleared and new ones being delivered to your table, waitstaff announcing artfully the ingredients you're about to savor...it's all part of the multi-hundred dollar dining experience. My favorite parts of the meal were the main course of fettucini w/ shiitake mushrooms & the pineapple upside down dessert. I enjoyed the first course, apple cubes w/ mint & a buttermilk horseradish sauce; it was refreshing & light, which prepared my palate for more intense flavors. I loved the second course--radish, beet & quinoa salad but thought courses three (a broccoli one) & four (a fingerling potato one) were a bit heavy, one-noted, & kind of unsatisfactory, given that everything else was excellent. We were given pastries in a delicate cellophane bag to take home. A classic new york staple. Do it once & write about it (like I'm doing.)
It was a celebratory occasion and Gramercy Tavern certainly helped us celebrate. Upon arrival, we notified the host of our 9pm reservations and we promptly received a Congratulations. Not to mention that once we got to our seats, they treated us to a celebratory champagne toast. Love it! Now before I re-live my delicious Gramercy Tavern dinner, I want to say that I highly recommend this place. The portions were perfect, the ambiance was lively and the service was attentive without feeling intrusive. First course! It wasn't on the menu but I ordered the scallops special. They were so good, they literally melted in my mouth. If your server offers you the scallops special, order it! You won't regret it. As for my boyfriend, I'll be honest. My scallops were so good that I don't even remember what he got! Okay, just kidding. He got the Warm Maine Crab with Egg Crêpe and Carrots. While the crab was good, he probably wouldn't order it again. He should've ordered the scallops special. On to the second course! I had the Spanish Mackerel with Foie Gras, Savoy Cabbage, Mussels and Sunchokes. It was moist, nicely prepared and very tasty. He had the Venison Loin and Sausage with Potato Pancake and Bourbon Sauce. He was very pleased. I enjoyed the flavor of the sausage more than the venison. With an affinity for potatoes, I thought his potato pancake was the best 'gourmet' hash brown I've ever had. Amazing. On to dessert! I had the deliciously Slow Roasted Apples with Pecan Crumble and Vanilla Ice Cream. The warm, the cold, the crispy and creamy. It was delightful. He had the Butterscotch Sundae with Pear Sorbet and Chocolate Chip Meringues. I had a few bites and while it was very good (thankfully I got my bites before he finished it), I liked the Slow Roasted Apples better. With three courses under our more-than-satisfied belts, Gramercy Tavern continued to impress. Our dinner was topped off with a complimentary, celebratory Pineapple Upside Down Cake with Frozen Yogurt that read "Congratulations" in chocolate. Awesome! Thank you Gramercy Tavern for a superb meal!
Ok, now I have Restaurant Zoe in Seattle and the Gramercy Tavern in New York. The best two dining experiences of my life. My wife and I did the tasting menu and loved EVERYthing. The duck was as good as anything I've ever had. I could go on and on, by that's been done already in prior reviews. The service was a beautiful thing to behold. It was like a sophisticated, well choreographed dance. Plates, knives and spoons would appear, be dirtied, disappear with such fluidity and with minimal disruption that I thought I was in the middle of a play. Robert was the head waiter (he was awesome), but there must have been 4 others assigned to our table. Top notch, for sure. Kind people intent on making your experience world class. If you go to NY, do yourself a favor and go to Gramercy Tavern
Gramercy Tavern is one of my top spots to dine at in Manhattan. Excellent value!! When I went to Gramercy Tavern, we ended up eating in the tavern because we could not get reservations in the restaurant. It ended up working out because I enjoyed the casual and laid back ambiance of the tavern much better than the restaurant. It's the best of both worlds...amazing food in a relaxing pub-like setting. If you are dining in the tavern, you MUST check out the 4 course tasting menu. I mean it's only $48...what a great deal for a Michelin Star restaurant in NYC. Even if you decide not to do the tasting, the prices are extremely reasonable. And the journey begins... First course: Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Goat Cheese, Pecans and Pickled Onions Second course: Chicken Sausage with Beans, Butternut Squash and Ramps Third course: Cobia, Mushrooms, Ramps and Potato Dumplings Fourth course: Chocolate Layer Cake Sour Cream Ice Cream I really enjoyed all of my meals. The food was fresh and well prepared. The dessert was the only part of my meal which was okay. The chocolate cake was nothing special. I wonder how the other desserts. Overall, I was really impressed with the value of this place. If you decide to dine here, I highly recommend the tavern because the prices in the restaurant are about double what you pay in the tavern...and the chef is the same. You are basically paying the extra bucks for better service and a formal dining room. Who needs that? I don't think I will visit Gramercy Tavern again soon only because there are a billion other restaurants in NYC that are also on my list. However if I lived in Manhattan, this would definitely be a repeat spot. I will certainly be back here at some point!
If Gramercy Tavern could be compared to a man, he would be the strong, warm, and dependable one.  Other restaurants may try to dazzle you with interesting flavor combinations or through the use of intricate platework, but Gramercy Tavern does not seek to blind you with its radiance, but to envelop you in its warmth. It marries the rustic with the elegant, the simple with the divine, and through this, manages to be one of the most unassumingly wonderful restaurants in the city. We went on a day when it was pouring rain/ice/slush outside. My feet were thoroughly soaked by the time we got there and I probably looked like a downright mess. But from the moment we checked our coats in, we were whisked away to the dining room, and the miserable weather outside was left behind. In the enclave of our corner table, we had one of the most wonderful dining experiences of our life. I do like to make a distinction between a "meal" and an "experience"... some restaurants serve up great food and that's just what it is... a great meal. An experience is one that wholly transforms the way you view dining out, whether it stems from the perfect service, the exquisite food, or the atmosphere. Gramercy Tavern is an experience. This has perhaps been one of the most difficult reviews for me to write because it is difficult to explain exactly what made the meal so wonderful. How was the service different? I suppose I was impressed by how absolutely genuine my waitress was. She wasn't prim and proper in the sense that usually characterizes wait staff at many other expensive restaurants. She was pleasant, friendly, warm, inviting, professional, knowledgeable... my definition for a comfortable and relaxed meal. Our meal lasted 2 blissful hours, but never once did we feel rushed by the waitstaff, even though as we left, we saw hoards of people waiting for tables. Was the food *that* spectacular? Well no, it didn't exactly wow me the way some other fine dining restaurants might -- no foams or gelees in sight. But the slow braised shoulder of lamb and the lamb pappardelle tasted of succulent, moist love and the chocolate bread pudding was warm and divine. The only dishes that missed the perfect mark was perhaps the Calamari and Carrot Salad (the lemon vinaigrette was a bit too subdued and lacked the brightness it needed to impart on the dish) and the Chocolate Pecan Tart which was heavy and not very interesting. Perhaps due in part to the winter flavors of the menu, most of the menu provided a welcome respite from the cold bitter weather outside... a warm hug with every bite. Wait -- did I mention that this absolutely divine experience was had at only $24.07 a person? On top of that, they give you a $24.07 gift certificate each to come back for lunch OR dinner in the next 2 months. Yeah... it was Restaurant Week. Interestingly, they don't seem to serve the regular lunch menu during RW and only hand you the RW menu upon seating... I hate it when restaurants don't give you the RW menu unless you ask, trying to shame you for being cheap and poor. They also had a selection of 4 wines by the bottle for only $24.07 each... what a deal!!! I was so happy with my experience I felt like I had conned the restaurant by paying so little... so I demanded my boyfriend add more to the tip and I practically threw money at the coat check girl as I left. Oops.
This place is great. I can't say it was the best meal I ever had, but it was really great. And the cheese selection (a perfect dessert, of course) was incredible. I had a chilled watermelon and peach soup, with lobster that was delicious.  Really amazing.  I also ordered a fish, can't remember what type, but it was very tasty. My only real complaint is that I was a bit surprised with how they did not listen to my food allergy.  I normally do not make a big deal that I don't eat gluten, because I know how to order around it. However, when I realized they were serving an amuse bouche that I did not select - I felt it was important to tell them I do not eat gluten, as I assumed the night would be filled with them bringing out unordered items.  I figured this would avoid them bringing me items that contained gluten. However, they continually served me items in between meals (that I had not ordered) that contained gluten. There were 3 things they brought me that all contained gluten, including the muffin at the end of the meal for you to take home. Other than that, the place was really very good. Not sure I need to go out of my way to go back for a meal. But, I'd definitely go back for a delicious cheese plate!
This place is a great please to go. I had dinner with my friends and family. I LOVE IT! Excellent experience and food.
A friend booked Gramercy Tavern in advanced however I didn't know what to expect from the restaurant. There was a dress code so we made sure that we did some shopping beforehand to ensure that we could all get in. The service was amazing from the first step into the door to the last out. Our waitress was really polite and explained all the dishes on the menu and made excellent recommendations. When it came to dessert time we took 3 out of the 4 recommendations she gave us as we simply couldn't fit a 4th dessert in but she was kind enough to give us the 4th as she didn't want us to miss out on her favourites. High recommend this restaurant but also do recommend booking in advance.
My, my, my. I can't believe I didn't review this glorious establishment before. But after my mom and grandma returned from New York City with a Gramercy Tavern tasting menu under their belts, I had to relay my experience. Danny Meyer, how I miss the joy of having you in my life. The enchanting Sara Y. and I made reservations here in late September for a last-hurrah dinner before I left NYC for good, a celebration of my departure from a job at a hip-hop magazine and return to the real world. I walked in, sweaty and lugging a huge box of old office supplies, the plug from my desk lamp dragging behind me like Linus' blankie. With all appropriate politesse, they offered to put my "things" in the coat check, and I sat down to gape at the Tavern dining room for a few. Now, I don't really know what "haute barnyard" means, but I suppose this is the height of it. The height of haute. Heh. Oh, French. We walked past Gramercy's gorgeous open kitchen -- I can always get behind a restaurant willing to bare its most private parts to its patrons -- and I also seem to remember a glorious selection of cheeses laid out on a marble slab on our way to the table. I wasn't into that back then, though. Alors, pas de fromage. We were seated in the main dining room, which feels more like a hunting lodge than a restaurant, and constantly fawned over by server after server. The bread tong-er, the water filler, the sommelier...the butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker. The staff seemed to know the perfect times to whisk by our table; lulls in conversation were always filled with a little banter from our server, a polite nod from a silent passing busboy. Sara and I both ordered the vegetable tasting menu with wine pairings. Brilliant. The pinnacle of the meal: Corn chowder poured tableside over a lump of the most gorgeous lobster I've ever seen. I don't even LIKE lobster. The wine pairings were explained to us in detail as they arrived at the table, and each complemented our food perfectly. The Danny Meyer experience always ends with a little package of breakfast goodies brought to the table, something sweet to wake up to. I never eat them (wtf?) but it's such a delightful gesture, I always have to mention it. The crushingly sad lack of Danny Meyer in my life now that I live in Chicago is part of the reason I bother missing New York at all. Gramercy Tavern, come to Chicago and visit me.
My boyfriend brought me here for our 2.5 year anniversary. He made an excellent choice - I loved everything about Gramercy Tavern! For appetizers, we had super duper fresh oysters ($3 each). For entrées, he had flounder (tender) and I had seafood tomato soup. I wish there was more substance in the soup, but it was good nonetheless. Service was beyond any expectations I had. They also have an extensive drink/wine list and delicious desserts. I was just too full to eat dessert. Super romantic at this upscale and classy restaurant. Guys, bring your girls here!!!
Place is not worth all the hype.
Menu selection in the bar area allows a fantastic array of choices, and with a great cocktail list and wine list, you can really tailor a fantastic casual meal with the same great service experienced in the main dining room. The BEST upscale casual in the city.
Dinner at the Gramercy Tavern is totally worth trekking downtown in the middle of a blustery Noreaster... On a snowy evening, where under normal circumstances, I would prefer to stay in like most New Yorkers, I made my way to meet an old friend for a nice, relaxing holiday meal (plus a lovely bottle of red wine) at one of the city's top restaurants.   Here's what the two of us shared: Duck Liver Mousse Swiss Chard Stems, Baby Turnips and Toasted Bread 12.00 Calamari & Carrot Salad Toasted Pine Nuts and Preserved Lemon Vinaigrette 12.00 Striped Bass, Delicata Squash, Asian Pears and Hazelnuts (shown in prix fixe menu but offered as a separate entree) Hanger Steak Flat Iron Chili with White Beans (shown in prix fixe menu but offered as a separate entree) Maple Pecan Tart with Mulled Cranberries and Pumpkin Spice Ice Cream [talk about service... without being prompted, dessert was plated on two separate plates] ...and a bottle of the Cahors (Malbec), Clos Triguedina, 2005, Gascony, France -- wonderful, medium-bodied, smooth [hardly any tannins] While everything was wonderful, the evening's high notes were the duck liver mousse, calamari salad and the hanger steak (which was really light). It came out to roughly $95 per person, including tip. Hands down, one of the best dining experiences I've had this year -- worth the splurge... The restaurant is gorgeous, and the service was beyond excellent. Despite it being busy, we were not rushed through our meal and were surprised that we had spent nearly three hours luxuriating. LASTLY... What most folks may not know is that after 5:30, there's a $35 prix fixe menu offered. Rumor also has it that during lunch, if you sit at the bar, you can request a $15 soup/sandwich special that's not listed on the menu.
Gramercy Tavern is perfection! I took my mom there for her birthday dinner and we each did the tasting menu. My mom, a fairly picky eater when it comes to different meats and raw fish, to my surprise loved everything we were served as did I! Every bite was delicious and they did not rush us at all. On top of the tasting dessert courses, for my mom's birthday they also brought a dessert specially presented to her. I could not have asked for a better dining experience, especially for my mom who so well deserved it!
We went to Gramercy Tavern for my Birthday on February 2nd. I was very excited being that this place is one of the restaurants on my culinary bucket list. I am sure there isn't much that i can say about Gramercy Tavern that hasn't been said already. The staff was friendly even as we were taken to our table. Smiles from everyone on the way to our seats. We opted for the tasting menu rather than the 3 course pre fixe. The tasting menu just sounded WAY BETTER.  First, we had the amuse bouche. It was like a small soft warm popover. Very yummie. We began with a very mild and refreshing scallop dish with pickled mushrooms in a cilantro broth.Great way to begin  the meal. Next we had the warm lobster salad which was excellent! Soft buttery lobster just melted in your mouth. This was our favorite up to this point. Next we had the halibut. My lady wasn't too impressed by this dish, but i certainly appreciated the simplicity of the dish. It was perfectly executed. After the halibut, we had the sweet potato agnolotti. WOW!!! This was nothing short of perfection. My girl's favorite of the night. Perfectly cooked pasta with a great creamy filling and a wonderful sauce to compliment it. Then came the duck. My favorite of the night. It was cooked to PERFECTION!!! The skin was crispy and salty (in the best way possible.) Then we had desserts. For my b-day they gave me the peanut butter semifreddo with chocolate macaroon and hot fudge. It was SO good. I think for my girl it even rivaled the agnolotti. They even gave us some muffins to go which we enjoyed in bed the next morning. They were also very good. The food alone would receive at least 4-4.5 stars, but our waiter, David's, excellent service pushed Gramercy Tavern to 5 stars. It's incredible what a difference a good waiter can add to the experience. He was friendly, attentive, informative, all without breathing down our necks every 5 seconds. This place was awesome. Simple as that. Go and ENJOY!!!
I mulled this decision for some time. It's a tough one. I can only give Gramercy 4 stars vs 5 because of my drink pour at the end of the evening. It's my only complaint, but I think it warrants dinging them a star. My bourbon pour measured only about 3/4 of a finger (and it wasn't a wide glass). Like my Dad always says, two fingers is a drink. It's a little cheap to measure pours when you're forking over $15+ for one beverage (let alone what you pay for the meal!). This trend of measuring pours is getting out of control. Everything else was exceptional - the food, the service, ambiance, etc. Treat yourself to the tasting menu. Top notch. I'm looking forward to returning as soon as i can refill the piggy bank...but I'm sticking with wine next time.
This review is for the bar - which does not take reservations. Yelp did not let me down on this one - went on a Saturday night and was definitely not disappointed!  Arrived at six and was told there was a 1.5 hour wait for the bar, which was fine with us because we wanted to have a couple drinks at the bar.  We posted up at the window and ordered a few drinks - the bartenders were very nice and attentive.  The drinks - wonderful!   Exactly 1.5 hours later a nice man came over, took our drinks and escorted us to our table - this was the only blip in service - he put all of our drinks in front of one person and two of us had the same drink at that point - so we weren't sure whose was whose - if you can't keep track of drinks I'd rather just carry it myself.   So - we finished up "our" drinks and ordered some wine from the wonderful waitress - she recommended a wonderful gruner veltliner which we all loved and they kept chilled for us.  I really think the highlight of the meal was the wonderful service - our waitress was truly lovely and brought our apps and meals at a nice pace - not rushing us at all.  The food was wonderful - I think a favorite was the octopus and the scallops - also the rhubarb dessert!  yummmm.  We didn't leave until around 11 after a wonderfully relaxed meal.   The bar is beautiful with fresh flowers everywhere and I definitely would go back :)
I have been here at a rate of probably once a year since 2005, maybe slightly more, and have had an exceptional experience almost every time.  The one thing you get at Gramercy Tavern more than anywhere else is a luxurious yet comfortable experience, mainly due to the service, but also, if you are a beverage fan, because of the expansive drink program, which evokes to me an experience of opulence that is tough to match.  Also, all of this can be had at very reasonable prices in the front room.
Came here on a visit in January.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the world.  Impeccable beyond description.  Although 4 people @ $850 , splurging once in awhile is fine by me .... ohhhh, the cocktails, the ambiance, the food.. don't even know where to start..Sheer genius...
Talk about getting lucky - I randomly looked on OpenTable for reservation spots for nearby dinner spots, and there was one available the day after Christmas (on a Thursday) at 8 PM. Pretty sure that doesn't happen often...so I snapped it up quickly, and my fiancee and I had dinner for the first time in 2.5 years in the dining room. The setup of Gramercy Tavern makes it feel very cozy, particularly the bar and the tavern room, which is a bustling of activity. Even the main dining room - unless you're sitting as far inside the restaurant as you can go - still has a decent amount of volume, so it feels a bit more casual than your typical upscale restaurant. This filters down a little bit to service, unfortunately, where most of the waiters will take your plates and refill your water in a bit of a brusque fashion. The gentleman who took our main order was a genial enough fellow, and his knowledge of the beer selection was quite solid - considering that (I would assume) most people don't ask about the beers on the wine list. We did the tasting menu again, and if I do have one small criticism (which was the case with the summer tasting we did a couple years back as well), it's that the kitchen very much determines what the base flavor of the dishes will be, and it becomes a bit of a running theme throughout. I don't mind it a huge amount - but I'm a fan of variety. We started out with king crab paired with kale and uni. The crab was very fresh, and it works well with the uni - but you're given such a tiny piece...they really should give a bit more sea urchin, as it pairs really well. Next was the poached lobster, which was phenomenally executed. Paired again with another winter veggie (cauliflower), the succulence of the lobster is really impressive and is probably one of the best lobster dishes I have had to date. The highlight of the meal, though, had to be the next dish - the smoked char covered in chopped hazelnuts and served with quinoa was so well-prepared. The light smokiness of the char (which was cooked perfectly - not too firm, but not overly flaky either) really works well with the firm nuttiness of the hazelnuts...definitely my favorite dish of the meal. From there, we had a celery root ravioli - a very wintery ravioli that worked well with the shiitake mushrooms. Next was the duck breast, which was exquisitely prepared - not overcooked, but not too chewy (which often is the problem, IMO), with the nice natural smokiness of the meat present. The farro adds a bit of crunch to the dish and changes up the texture as well. At this point, we were offered the choice of substituting in a cheese plate for dessert, but we went ahead with the menu choice because the layered dessert featuring quince was really well-done. You start with panna cotta on the bottom, a layer of quince jam, then tapioca (small ones, not the big ones in bubble tea), followed by a sliced fruit (perhaps pear), and topped off with pomengrante-flavored ice and candied pistachios. It's immaculately prepared, and every bite is absolutely delicious, yet filled with all sorts of different textures of sweetness. We also got a hot chocolate on the side (basically like drinking the best kind of chocolate, just in warm liquid form), and you get a few more bites of pastries at the end on the house. Oh - and a cinnamon coffee muffin to feast on the next morning (excellent as well). For your buck ($120 for the tasting menu), I think Gramercy Tavern has to be one of the best values for upscale dining in the city. Although it's only got 1 Michelin star, it definitely could go for more. I'd like to come back more frequently...perhaps I'll get lucky with reservations again. But nonetheless, a very well-executed dinner on all fronts.
4.5 stars I've been here for lunch many times and have never had anything less than an awesome meal.   I've tried a lot of items on the lunch menu but some standouts include the Foie Gras, Pulled Pork Sandwich, and Smoked Kielbasa.  I've gotten the soup and sandwich deal a few times and each time both the soup and the sandwich have been amazing.  It's incredible how consistently good the food is here.   Also, the service is almost as good if not as good as the Michelin 3-star restaurants I've been to.
My husband purchased a gift card for a special romantic dinner for the two of us for Gramercy Tavern. We were immediately greeted at the door and proceeded to head back towards the dining room. The decor wasn't modern but wasn't old fashioned. It's not my personal style but I understand why people oOo and aAaH over this place. I do remember the seats being a bit uncomfortable. We both opted for the dinner tasting menu. My husband isn't always crazy about his veggies but I will eat veggies over meat any day! The marinated cucumber seemed a bit watered down (or maybe there wasn't enough seasoning) but you could tell that the ingredients were fresh. The zucchini soup was refreshing and light. The smoked trout was flakey and moist and I personally loved the onions. Steak was way way too salty that I was drinking water after every bite. We are not the type to complain (don't want any "surprises" in our dish when it comes back to us...even at such an upscale place like this) so we just ate it but definitely wasn't the best steak we've ever had. Their pasty chef did an amazing job on both desserts. They were a bit on the smaller side than the other dishes but they were rich enough and still gave us that sweet tooth filler we all need at the end of a good meal. I just didn't feel comfortable while having dinner. I felt like eyes were on us like we didn't "belong" there. The server didn't do anything to us particularly but seemed like he wasn't very friendly either. Maybe I was expecting more since it is "Gramercy Tavern" but I just didn't have the feeling of going back. Was it still an amazing romantic special dinner for my husband and I...yes. We enjoyed the experience and can check this place off our bucket list but probably would never go back.
After having a great experience in the Tavern, I was surprised that the dining room didn't meet my expectations.  The food was pretty much 5 star, but the service was lacking.  Our waitress abandoned us in the middle of our six course dinner, which I wouldn't have minded except the replacements couldn't speak English well so I couldn't hear or understand the explanation of my dishes...For almost $200 pp, I expect more.  I had the six course tasting menu.  The lobster salad, was not an actual salad, but instead, more like a pudding.  It was very good.  The ruby red shrimp was delicious.  The halibut was good, though I enjoyed the char from the tavern much better.  Pork Bolognese was delicious.  I substituted the duck for a sirloin special dish.  The meat was horrible - It was so tough that I couldn't cut a piece off. I ate the two gnocchis that came with the sirloin, and left the remainder of the dish uneaten.  The blood orange dessert was decent, though I'd much prefer one of their chocolate desserts, and was sad that I didn't have any dessert choice.  I'll run back for the tavern, but not sure if I'll ever return to the dining room.
Officially one of the best birthday dinners I've ever had. I got the tasting menu offered in the Tavern Room and it was delectable. Amuse Bouche - Roasted oysters on the half shell w/ house made spicy ketchup 5/5 Course 1 - Shrimp & Mussels with Carrots, Quinoa and Coconut Broth. Shrimp were the stars, cooked perfectly and bursting with flavor 5/5 Course 2 - homemade chicken sausage with winter beans, butternut squash, and kale. The sausage was outrageously good, but the beans were a little too tough for my liking :-( 4/5 Course 3 - Grilled flatiron steak with fingerling potatoes, mushrooms, on some sort of polenta. The steak was cooked perfectly and the polenta was so creamy. There were also these thin little caramelized onions that I LOVED. 5/5 Course 4 - Chocolate layer cake with sour cream ice cream . Nothing special about the cake - but the ice cream was great! Sort of tasted like creamy vanilla yogurt. 4/5 I also got the beer tasting. Loved every beer and totally worth it for the price. I'd love to eat in the dining room as well, but just couldn't beat the price for this kind of tasting menu - under 50 bucks. I also really liked the atmosphere of the tavern room, despite the slow-ish service.
I was very impatient to check out Gramercy Tavern after hearing so much about it and reading all the rave reviews on Yelp. So my bf and I went on a Sunday night around 9, and managed to get a table right away without making a reservation. We sat in the tavern: there is also a dining room in the back, which looks somewhat nicer/quieter and also has a different, supposedly better, but also more expensive menu. Our waitress was very friendly and did a great job at telling us about the various specials and at recommending items on the menu. We started with 6 oysters on the half shell: they were quite delicious, though I was surprised to see that the only sauce offered was cocktail sauce (don't take me wrong, cocktail sauce is great with shrimp, but IMO it's a little too overpowering with raw oysters). We also shared the calamari salad, which was also delicious, though I was a little surprised as I expected the calamari to be fried (again don't take me wrong: I love squid in all its forms... I just somehow always expect it to be fried when it's called calamari). For our entrees, we got the bacon wrapped trout, which came with lentils. It was great, but small... I expected a whole trout, but it only amounted to three little pieces. The thin bacon wrap however tasted great (but then again, when doesn't bacon taste great?!), as did the side of lentil, which had a very unusual but delicious sauce. We also got one of the specials: seared Nantucket scallops which came with potatoes and greens (very similar to baby spinach, although I think it was something else). Not to forget, we finished our meal with the creme caramel, which was once again delicious. We also got our share of drinks: Williams Pear sours (which come with a slice of dried preserved pear... just delicious), a good glass of Australian shiraz (I forget the name of it), and with our dessert a pear brandy. They have a pretty amazing selection... we'd probably have ordered a bottle if we hadn't been on a budget. So: delicious food (but not cheap by any means, especially if you get drinks), great service, and very nice atmosphere (great place for a nice romantic date!). But: the portions are on the smaller side, which I suppose is often the case at a restaurant of this standing. 4-1/2 stars.
Went here for lunch one afternoon this summer with very high expectactions. Had heard about Gramercy Tavern for years and it was always on the list of places I wanted to try but just couldn't find the time to get there. The atmosphere is really great. Well decorated, comfortable, and lots to keep you interested. I found the menu very limited (we were there for lunch). I settled on a sea bass entree and frankly, I it was just ok. The sides were uninspired, the fish had little taste and wasted well seasonsed.   Maybe it is a case of my expectations being too high, but it just fell flat. I may try again because of the excellent reputation - but not a first choice.
great
I think everything that needs to be said about this place is covered in the reviews. My experience is every bit awesome as everyone says it is as per reviews. We went with the seasonal tasting menu in November. The service was fantastic, very friendly and accommodating. Everything we had on the tasting menu melded together perfectly. Everything tasted very fresh and organic. Must reserve 1-2 months in advance. Goodluck
Excellent, excellent, excellent. Went here for dinner on a Friday night, without reservations, and were seated (in the tavern) within the hour. (Tip: go to Flute next door for a glass of champagne if you need to kill time) I was thoroughly impressed. The food was delicious - the "purple potatoes" were divine, the chicken was very good (not the best I've ever had), and the cheese plate was extraordinary. The drink was perfect (some sort of vodka concotion) - smooth and silky. The waiter was omnipresent - always there when we needed him yet not hovering, and very knowledgeable. When the cheese plate was brought out, we got a thorough description of each cheese. There's nothing better than a well-educated, astute staff. If I lived in NY, I would be planning my next meal here, but it will have to be saved for the occasional cross-coastal jaunt. Excellent value for the price.
Gramercy Tavern is certainly within the top 2 or 3 restaurant experiences I've had. First time, went for a late afternoon lunch with an old college friend and we lucked into a table in the main dining room without a wait! We spent the next 3 hours sampling the seasonal menu, drinking a run of Austrian wines (we consider ourselves experts, because we both lived there; yeah, I know I'm not really, but the sommelier judiciously didn't point that out), and for some unknown reason trying 5 or 6 eau de vie varieties. Service seemed psychic; it was that amazing experience of knowing when we needed something, never lingering, but also offering every assistance with wine, cheese, liquor, and especially the food. Yes, we were pretty much incapable of walking straight by the end, but it was over three hours, in our feeble defense. The food was all taken from a fall harvest menu (we ordered specials), but I am certain that everything available would have reached the same exquisite level. I vaguely remember a roasted vegetable platter and delectable pork (thanks to the Gruener Veltliner, I'm sure), but I vividly remember the cheese sampler at the end of the meal with a small bottle of amazing port. Every detail of the meal was amazing. I've since returned twice: once in the bar and once with a reservation in the main dining room. Both times met the high expectations. What a beautiful, vibrant, exciting place. I always want to go back...every meal...every time.
Service was unmatched, the people are great and food matches the atmosphere. I recommend this place for all occasions. Be open and not shy to ask questions. A lot of people have never experience great dining. They're very knowledgeable on food pairing.
Loved the atmosphere of this place! A lovely place to go for an intimate setting or a well-sized group. I gave them forewarning that I wanted to go there that evening to celebrate something and was pleasantly surprised with a small cake on the house with "Congratulations" written on it in chocolate. In terms of the meal itself, the beef tartare was fantastic and something I would definitely go back for. The striped bass I had was great, but not the best I've ever had. Great experience overall.
I've been waiting to go here for a while, so when I could do it on the company dime, I jumped. Service was impeccable.  I wish I remembered our server's name to mention her, specifically, because she was fantastic - beyond knowledgeable about the Wagyu beef that was in the burger special of the day and the preparation of the duck leg.  She was also quick to make confident recommendations, which I always appreciate in a server. An amuse bouche of sweet potato custard with walnut oil was fun, but didn't blow me away.  Tasty little bite, though, which is what it's designed to be. The arctic char was perfectly cooked - moist with a crackly, crispy skin - and delicious paired with pinto beans and sweet potato.   The roasted banana tart topped with a fluffy, mild chocolate mousse and silky roasted peanut ice cream was one of the best desserts that I've ever had. The duck liver mousse was divine - try it with the pickled daikon.  It was delicious enough that I only felt marginally guilty about eating it.
This review is for Gramercy Tavern in August 2011. We had the tasting here. High points: artic char crudo with amazing cippolini onion puree. It was amazing and brought me back to my childhood. Low points: weird and pretty much nasty rabbit dumplings. The actual two slices of rabbit were great but the dumplings were gross. I don't say this often but the texture was truly terrible. Another weird point was the tenderloin dish which came with tiny cubes of stewed meat. After my boyfriend said it was like cat food, I couldn't eat another bite. It really did remind me of something you would feed a cat. At the end, you're given petit fours and a muffin for the next day. The desserts were really good; I especially like this sweet seltzer and sorbet they gave you as the pre-dessert. I was completely stuffed at the end. I would say save you money and do a tasting somewhere else. The tasting here is 125 dollars and I wish I had gone to EMP instead for the price. Service, however was great.
I grew up in a restaurant in France and I love food. Check my review of gramercy Tavern on my blog:  l-homme.us/lhomme/thegra…
Great, but did not change my life. Was super excited about finally going to gramercy tavern, but was somewhat disappointed bc of all the rave reviews. We had the full veggie and seasonal meals, which was an insane amount of courses - by the end I was almost tired and hoping it would stop! Not to say that the food wasn't very good. The atmosphere is great - it's a large place but its very classy and pleasant.
Just an all-around pristine dining experience. After several days of pizzas, burgers and fries in NY, I was clamoring for something a bit more refined. How about food served on white dishes placed on white tablecloth, accompanied by shiny silverware, and a glass of wine to go along with it? Gramercy Tavern was the perfect selection. I almost booked a table online for the pricier dining room, but thanks to Yelp, I knew to directly head to the bar and tavern area at the front without requiring any reservations. Plus, I didn't think we were up for a gargantuan tasting menu. The atmosphere and ambiance was more casual, although we definitely stood out as one of the more younger-looking patrons in the crowd. All of the appetizers looked good, but we settled on the house cured pastrami with pickled cauliflower, and the calamari and carrot salad. Thinly sliced, the pastrami packed an walloping punch. Whatever curing salt, brine, or spices that they used for the pastrami, you could definitely taste every bit of it. The calamari just about melted in my mouth, and nicely complimented the lemon vinaigrette. For the entrees, the food was simple, classic, and elegant, but with a sophisticated touch. More often than not, chefs these days get all crazy by using too many ingredients with fancy purees, drizzles, and flavored foam. My sister ordered the meatball, with fontina, potato puree, and red wine onions. I had a taste, it was a delicious. My wife had the halibut. Again, delicious. I wanted to take a huge bite, but my wife knew better. She carefully gave me a small sample, and closely guarded her plate. I had the sea bass with marinated cucumbers and yogurt sauce. Tender, flaky, as perfectly cooked a fish as I have tasted. The cucumbers were thinly sliced and served as the foundation at the bottom of the sea bass, along with the white yogurt sauce. Together, the flavors were clean and vibrant. I wanted to order another filet. For dessert, the chocolate pudding with salted caramel and brioche croutons really stood out. It wasn't too sweet, and I found myself reaching for the crispy texture of the croutons to offset the saltiness of the caramel. We also shared the strawberry pie with ginger ice cream. I'm not the biggest fan of ginger, but the subtle flavor just worked well with the tartness of the fresh strawberries. As expected, service throughout the meal was flawless. There was something about our waitress, as she just exuded the most confident and pleasant vibe ever. The rest of the waiting staff was also on point, like they were mind readers in changing plates and refilling waters. After dining here, you can't help but wonder, why can't every restaurant have service like this. Absolutely 5 stars, a fantastic dinner to cap off our NY trip.
First time here was last year for my husband's birthday, and we had a good but unremarkable dinner in the formal dining room. Save your money and eat in the Tavern, because the $38 prix fixe was such a memorable meal. We went for a friend's farewell so between 6 of us, we tasted most everything the Tavern had to offer. Appetizers - I had the open beef ravioli and switched halfway through with hubby's fish croquettes. Open ravioli is an amazing deconstructed dish, and the beef reminded me of a short rib ragu, very yummy. The croquettes were a perfect summer appetizer, alongside a fresh and bright salad. Entrees- I ordered the hangar steak and again shared hubby's ham with polenta. They delivered a perfect medium cook for me - I often seem to end up with medium rare when I order medium, and I loved the steak, although the fingerling potatoes felt a little undercooked. HOWEVER, I could not stay away from hubby's ham and polenta. I could have smeared that polenta all over my face it was so good, and the ham was just like my Dad's Boxing Day ham, so I was pretty much in heaven with that dish. Desserts - We ate them all, and they were all amazing. Strawberry pie? Woah. Peach pie? Delicious, but could have been a little sweeter. Perfect with the sweet cream ice cream. Berry crisp? Like a dessert punch in the face.   I mean, this restaurant isn't doing anything wrong, so how can I not give them five stars?
Tasting menu was delicious.  Service impeccable.  I loved all of the little touches, including the muffin for my breakfast the following morning.
I've only ever dined in the "pub" section for lunch so I (sadly) cannot comment on the entire GT ambiance/ tasting menu experience, but the food here is A+. My dad works nearby and has dubbed this place his go-to lunch spot. How nice. One afternoon I had the pleasure of joining him- obviously my best lunch break ever. I found the sea bass to be a tad salty, but nevertheless it was cooked to perfection and the vegetables were a nice accompaniment. The wine didn't hurt matters either. Regarding the "pub" area, this atmosphere is more relaxed but the food served is the same great quality. Gramercy Tavern is an ideal lunch spot if you have a client that needs impressing. The space is open with high ceilings and is brightly lit with pleasant music playing softly in the background allowing for casual conversations to be had. The staff bend over backwards to accommodate your every need. I look forward to returning for dinner and trying their famed tasting menu!
Superb. It's not too fancy, it's just fabulous. Everything is great on the menu and the bartenders are both knowledgeable and friendly. I'd recommend the kielbasa. The specialty drink list can be a little sweet at times, but is always yummy.
I'm sure there's not much more praise I can add that hasn't already been written about this place, but since I went for the first time last week and this is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants right now I feel I must. Gramercy Tavern has a whimsical, cozy feel that is so inviting and instantly made me feel cheerful when I walked in.  My favorite retail store of all time is Anthropologie, and I felt like the Gramercy Tavern had a similarly enchanting environment that makes you want to spends hours and hours there :) Walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by how large the restaurant was.  The front area was a little more boisterous than the more formal dining area when you walk toward the back, offering a nice choice of surroundings depending on who you're going with.  There seemed to be so many tables as we walked through to be seated, but with the subtle walls/curtains/decor blocking off different areas of the restaurant the setting was still quite intimate when we sat down. When our waiter came to explain the specials and answer any questions we had on the menu, our mouths all watered just listening to him describe the dishes with precision - especially the Nantucket diver scallop appetizer (which I ended up ordering and was so delicious).  Two ladies at the table ordered venison, both saying that's something they would never normally order - they both LOVED their meals :)  I had the duck breast which was breathtaking.  The complimentary amuse-bouche at the beginning of our meal was appreciated and delighted the table.  One of the women at the table ordered the lamb pappardelle appetizer and fish entree, and the waiter recommended them to be switched for a better progression - they were very accommodating.  The desserts were so heavenly, I was pleasantly surprised by how much I loved the chocolate bread pudding!   Throughout the meal, every bite each of us took was shortly followed by an "oh my God", "MMM", or "this is amazing."  I can't wait to go back!!
I have never used this word to describe something, but Gramercy Tavern is...sublime.  The atmosphere is casual but upscale, service is flawless (waiters are just personable enough but not annoying) and the food - WOW.  My Ginger Tonic, mushroom lasagna and German chocolate cake were all absolutely, wonderfuly perfect.  LOVED the decor too, especially all the fresh greens and flowers.  Gramercy Tavern really is a must-do when in NYC, and for those who live in NYC and can experience this little piece of heaven anytime they want...  Well, I. Am. Jealous.
The cheese-filled kielbasa was excellent. I also tried my guest's Arctic char and it was equally good, but very different. The kielbasa was heavy and the char was very delicate and light. Both were flavorful. The shortbreads were an excellent appetizer and the peanut butter dessert was good enough.
Gramercy Tavern is a classic. It's been in business for almost 20 years and is run by the same folks who do great food ranging from $5 meals at Shake Shack to $500 meals at Eleven Madison Park. It's elegant yet rustic, and while not the most romantic, it is an institution and is good for business meals, out-of-town visitors or visiting parents. We dined in the formal dining room, which isn't formal in the way that women need pearl necklaces and white gloves and men need jackets and white hair. Rather, it's formal in that the menus are sprinkled with words like "Caviar", "Lobster" and "Verjus". (Verj-what?) The menus are also not a la carte, so you choose between a 3-course pre-fixe or a 6-course tasting menu. The dish that blew our socks off was the first: marinated scallops with grapes and verjus: lightly acidic; gentle yet flavorful; and extremely silky. It was kinda ridiculous. The other dish that made us say "wow" was the Piedmontese Beef -- steak sliced French-style. So good. The service was great as to be expected, but they weren't at all pretentious which isn't always to be expected. They were simply professional. And friendly. So friendly in fact that they gave me a free dessert. I'd asked if I could substitute my tasting menu dessert for their chocolate bread pudding. Rather than substitute it, they brought me both desserts. How nice is that?
This place was so wonderful, I don't even know where to begin. My boyfriend surprised me with a dinner here for our one-year anniversary as a couple, and the whole experience was perfect, from the moment we entered.  When we gave our name to the hostess, she pulled up our reservation on the computer, looked up, and said, "Happy Anniversary!" with a smile, in the most genuine way.   After leading us to our table in the dining room, our waiter arrived with two complementary glasses of Proseco, and again wished us a happy anniversary with a smile.  I'm kicking myself for not remembering his name, but he was charming, attentive, and incredibly helpful with the menu.  He described each dish perfectly, and gave us his personal favorites and recommendations.   Of course, he didn't steer us wrong-- my boyfriend's scallops were amazing, and my lamb was fantastic as an appetizer.  The amuse bouche was adorable (aren't they always?), flavorful, and inventive. Our entrees were equally wonderful-- he had the venison, I had the sea bass.  Both were perfectly portioned, cooked, and flavored.   For dessert, I ordered the peanut butter semifreddo and my guy had the butterscotch sundae.  Both were heavenly.  Amazing.  Delicate, intricate. Just perfect, and perfectly portioned.  So imagine our surprise when they also brought out a complimentary order of the pineapple upside down cake (which was the third option that we had considered with the waiter when ordering).  Not only was it fantastic, but they had carefully and beautifully scrolled "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate across the plate as an added touch. It was as perfect as a meal can be, really.  We shut the restaurant down, but not once did our waiter try to rush us.  Throughout the meal, he was helpful, attentive without being hovering, and knowledgeable.  Oh, and just before we left, he came out with two small pre-packaged coffee cakes for us to enjoy the next morning!  As if we hadn't eaten enough already.   I realize that none of this was special treatment; I could tell that they do that for anybody.  But I have to believe at at a place with service and cuisine that outstanding, each customer probably leaves feeling as though they were somehow special. We've already decided:  whether we're living in NY or not, Gramercy Tavern will be our anniversary tradition.
I have come to Gramercy Tavern a couple of times now for both lunch and dinner.  It is always a stellar meal.  On my recent trip, I came here for a business lunch and everything went as smooth as silk.  Starting off with a salad composed of ribbons of calamari and julienned carrots, toasted pine nuts provide some crunch and the kit and caboodle is tossed with a lemon vinaigrette.  Next is parsnip soup with brussel sprouts and Bay scallops.  This is a delight--perfectly cooked scallops bathing in a light yet whipped like creamy ganache soup that just hints at tangy.  For my main, the black bass with white sweet potato and caviar.  Wonderful dish, the fish is cooked superbly and the caviar adds a delicate hair-trigger of saltiness to create a nice, refined balance.  For dessert, chocolate pecan tart with vanilla bean bourbon ice cream.  A great ending, good tart, but even better ice cream--high quality vanilla that preserves the taste of real vanilla beans and a boozy bourbon that emerges with every lick. No wine this time since it was a work lunch.  But, the wine list is classic.  Lots of choices, too, among less expensive bottles that are quite good. I love the decor--understated elegance with wonderful artwork to add a touch of chic and liveliness.  The brilliant murals overseeing the bar are particularly lovely.  If you have a chance, check out the Cezannes.  As for the service, it is first-rate--professional, gracious, and warmly attentive.  I cannot count how many times they have given my party complimentary cookies with coffee and cappuccino.  We did not get any on my last trip, though.  It's okay.  We're in a recession and my clients had 'Corporation' practically tattooed on their foreheads.
Seriously? I love my bf even more for picking this place. What an amazing experience.   The ambiance was fabulous, warm and cozy (even though the space is large) Food was incredible.  Split the cauliflower app and then we both had a fish dish.  I thought I had died and gone to heaven. CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK.
The smoked trout appetizer was so good I almost fell out of my chair.  And then after I finished eating it, I was angry it was all gone and wanted to throw the empty plate on the floor.  It may sound dramatic, but judge me AFTER you try the smoked trout.  Incredibly tender, the perfect amount of smokiness, not too salty, melts in your mouth... with tangy little pickled onions for balance. I got the roasted chicken for my entree-- it was sous vide(d?) before it was thrown into the oven, so it was extra juicy and flavorful.  A tad salty for my taste, but probably ideal for most. The lamb papperdelle was very good (the sauce is amazing and perfect for soaking bread), but the shrimp salad appetizer was not my favorite.  A little too shrimpy and paled in comparison to the other dishes we had. A special shout-out to our server whose wine pairing suggestions were right on the money. We didn't go for the prix fixe this time, but it's on my to-do for next time.  Now I just have to find something to celebrate...
Do not waste your money. This place is so over-hyped it's hard to know where to begin. The tasting menu had no connection between the courses, lacked creativity and left us feeling stuffed and nauseous. I love brussel sprouts-  but they were in more than half the courses. No course was particularly memorable or incredibly delicious and while the service was attentive - too much so - it was so stuffy that it felt cold. I like to feel like my waiter is a human being! I have heard the a la carte menu is better, but we didn't try it so I can't speak from experience. There is much better food out there in NY for much less money.
Gramercy Tavern was without a doubt one of, if not the, best meals I've had in New York City -  and that's considering I've only eaten in the Tavern, I imagine the dining room is even more "next level". A group of friends and myself started with the roasted oyster, raw oyster, pork dumplings, and fluke tartare. The pork dumplings were forgettable, honestly. The raw oyster and fluke were fantastic, very well balanced starters. The roasted oysters though, were exquisite. I cannot think of a better $3 bite of food I've had in my life. For mains we had the pork chop, arctic char, braised lamb and cavateli, and cobia. Everything was perfectly seasoned, cooked to perfect doneness, and all of the plated components improved the central protein. The standout for me was the cobia. It was far and away one of the best fish dishes I've ever had. For desert we split the apple crumble and ice cream sundae. Forewarning, the apple crumble is enough for 3-4 people, not 2. Both were really good, but the crumble could've used more ice cream - it's huge and only had 2 little scoops. The meal came out to about $50 a person before tip. The value for your money is excellent compared to so many mediocre over-priced restaurants in NYC. The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous, and very warm and welcoming. I will definitely be returning here the next time I'm in New York City.
Ah-mazing. Do not mistake the tavern menu for being of any less quality than the dining room. It was one of the most complete and enjoyable meals I've had. The tasting menu at the time was themed around celebrating and pairings with craft beer. I opted for the a la carte menu, but they did accomodate my request to order the soup appetizer from the craft beer tasting menu. Let's recount my most memorable meal in NYC: Shrimp & mussels with carrots, quinoa and coconut broth - the depth of flavor was extraordinary. The broth was so creamy and blended so well with the seafood offering. Duck liver mousse, pickled vegetables and grilled bread - the duck liver had the perfect texture and flavor. I couldn't get enough of it on the grilled bread, and when I ran out of that, I spread it on the table side bread. Cobia, mushrooms, ramps and potato dumplings - the fish was cooked perfectly and the mushrooms gave it a pleasant earthy, yet salty contrast. The potato dumplings were perfectly light and airy. Arctic char, sunchokes, yellow eyed peas and lobster sauce - beautifully large flakes. This is how you cook fish. Everything on every plate was perfectly balanced. The 4 course tavern menu offering for $48 is more than reasonable. On top of that, service was great. Gramercy Tavern is a must visit for any foodie. I wouldn't hesitate to come back to try the dining room menu the next time I'm in New York.
Gramercy Tavern is nothing short of amazing. I've been there twice, once during Restaurant Week (in the Tavern Bar) and once in the main dining room. They really don't pull any stops with RW and put foward their best menu. The waiter was attentive, friendly, and quick-witted -- all good things to have in a server. He walked through the entire menu with us, and helped us pick out an amazing meal. You have to try their in-house aged pastrami. I know -- what's so great about pastrami right? I thought the same thing, until I had it and now I can't stop thinking about it. Damnit pastrami, get out of my daydreams -- that's usually reserved only for Charlize Theron. This place is what I would think of where Nick Carraway and Gatsby would have dinner -- comfortable yet posh, delicious yet cool. Definitely on my top 3 list of restaurants ever.
We had a delicious meal at GT a few weeks ago. We took friends there to celebrate their wedding anniversary, and we were given free champagne to celebrate at the beginning of the meal,  and we got a special dessert with a message was written (in chocolate) wishing the couple a happy aniversary. These were really nice touches. My only criticism of the experience is that the services wasn't particularly attentive. When you are spending over $1,000 on dinner, you dont want to have to wait for long periods of time to order or for the check to be brought to you AND you shouldnt  have to ask for water refills.
I've dined here several times now, and every time we come we have a great experience. Food is always presented impeccably, service is good, and we have a special evening out. We did eat in the lounge area once however, and the food did not impress us, so save this for a nice occasion, and dine in the restaurant instead.
5.0 for food 4.5 for experience I put 4 stars because it definitely wasn't "Woohoo! As good as it gets!", Yelp. Had reservations for 5:30 this past Saturday night.  My bf and I were running late so I called while stuck in traffic in the Lincoln Tunnel saying that we would be 15 minutes late. Generally when I do this with restaurants (traffic from Jersey in the city is unpredictable no matter what time of day), they usually get a little impatient and reply with "we'll do our best when you get here." Luckily it wasn't the case here and they were appreciative of the call. So we stroll in at 5:46, check in our coats and were immediately seated. Our initial server was really pleasant. Very informative with beer and wine options, and told us straight from the get-go how the duck and scallops were going to be cooked. So we ordered the SEASONAL TASTING MENU. Everything was delicious. We had very very mild Goat's cheese cream puff for the amuse bouche. A scallop and cabbage salad as the first course, lobster, thumbelina carrot and sweet potato dish, which I particularly LOVED, for the second. A poached halibut for third and and sweet potato ravioli and pine nuts for forth. The sweet potato ravioli was just perfect. Our last savory dish was the duck breast. Prior to our chocolate coconut and butter pecan ice cream dish, we were also given a dessert amuse bouche, or palate cleanser that tasted just like a creamsicle! Dinner ended with petit fours that consisted of chocolate truffles, toffee chocolate bark, mini macarons and cinnamon chocolate cookies. Overall I was completely satisfied with all the dishes. What I love about Gramercy is that the flavors aren't so crazy in concept. It truly was a "seasonal" tasting in choice of vegetables. My 0.5 deduction goes to the following: 1 The serve who over poured my boyfriend's glass of water, having to blot the table cloth. 2. The gentlemen who brought out the dessert amuse bouche while my boyfriend was in the bathroom (don't they usually set dishes down when everyone is seated at the table?) 3. The fact that they didn't follow up with us when we we clearly were not touching our petit fours for 15 minutes... 4. The vibe. We were fortunate enough to sit in a nice corner of the area, however, the table across way has like 8 people, all probably in their late 20's early 30's a little louder than what I would have liked. I walked by one of the ladies on my way to the bathroom and she clearly needed help walking straight. Yikes girlfriend, your club dress doesn't belong here...
Had the 5-course lunch here and was thoroughly impressed. First of all - not something you'd usually associate with a restaurant of this caliber - but very reasonable prices! $55 5-course tasting menu that doesn't skimp on the portions and actually gets you full, now that's quite a find already. Not to mention the drink menu lets you get by with $8 beers and $10 glasses of wine, no need to splurge on that $200 bottle if you don't want to! The food, of course, as has been said countless times here, is spectacular. Sable fish was some of the most tender fish I've ever had, pork chop was great, and even the squid salad to start was very interesting and unique. You definitely have to try this 'New American' cuisine, I'd say it's easily on par to the best French you'll ever eat (if you're into that), if not better. Service was perfect, atmosphere very comfortable, 5 stars all around for this gem.
We got a seat with no hassle at 6:15PM on a Saturday night in the tavern area.  It was a bit loud, but as to be expected.  Beautiful decorations and flowers.  Food was excellent.  My husband thought his burger was a bit overcooked and dry, although he ordered it medium rare.  The sommelier paired wines wonderfully with our meal, and our waitress was sweet and friendly.  They are extremely generous, and offered one or two "extras" - I ordered the tasting menu, and they brought an extra appetizer for each person in our party of three.  Also, one person ordered coffee, and they brought coffee for everyone in our party if we desired.  (all without charging extra).   Will definitely return next time I am in NYC.
Hands down the best meal I have ever eaten in Manhattan.  Not only is the food magnificent the service was the best service I've ever had ANYWHERE! It is a pricey restaurant but worth it.
We chose the Gramercy Tavern to celebrate our one year anniversary. The occasion also happened to mark my first ever visit to New York City (and the United States, for that matter). Fortunately, the Gramercy Tavern was the perfect venue to toast both of these events. The restaurant has a clean, classic New York style but also manages to feel homely and intimate. The food compliments the ambiance perfectly: comforting dishes cooked and presented with elegance and refinement. My entrée, a succulent cut of roast lamb, was elevated by the incredibly flavorful mushrooms, parsnips and greens that surrounded the meat. My girlfriend's halibut, meanwhile, was dressed with the most beautiful, bright peanut sauce. The service was friendly and attentive, and a complementary anniversary cake crowned a wonderful evening. I was taken by the confidence the restaurant placed in simple American cuisine and fresh, uncomplicated ingredients: the only French in sight was on the label of our Cabernet Sauvignon. We'll defiantly be passing by again on our next visit.
I anticipate some things from a restaurant of this reputation and found all of them to have been fulfilled when I had my dinner. First, Gramercy Tavern is a power place to see and be seen. Sit at the bar or in the dining room but this place is all business: the staff, the artwork, the space itself, and of course the diners. I had dinner reservations for two: the perfect romantic spot. The noise level is high enough to keep you conversation private without yelling. I always gravitate toward the tasting menu and since it is a requirement for the table my date selected the same. The tasting was tiered with flavor and intensity moving upward. The choices for the tasting were conservative with finesse. The seasoning and degree of doneness were fine. And of course the plating and presentation were beautiful. It is my habit not to critique a chef's choices. I think if you are a diner then you should accept and enjoy the chef's construction, especially for a tasting. Now if you choose a la carte, then more conservative styles are best; this is only my opinion. The chef and staff created a wonderful tasting that night: the desserts a welcome finale. The staff and overall dining experience were wonderful and I must add it was elegant without being stuffy. I relaxed during my meal and felt welcome to ask questions and be curious about flavor or ingredients. Gramercy Tavern was a good value for my dollar. A great business or romantic dinner spot. I have been told it is always busy, so reservations are recommended. The staff friendly but professional and I had a great memorable meal.
My favorite restaurant in ALL of New York!  Always great service and great food.  I still remember an awesome dessert of corn and popcorn ice cream.  It gets crowded so best to make reservations unless you want to take your chance eating in the bar.
Wow!! This was the best overpriced meal I've ever had!!!! Seriously though, the food, meal, service, and ambiance could not get better. Although our post-meal calculations revealed that both the appetizer and the main course in the prix-fixe menu cost roughly $30-40 each, I can't complain one bit! (Also, because I didn't pay for the meal, it was a birthday treat :-) We started out with cocktails - the Fig 75 and the Ruby Red. Both were very good, though not as sweet as fruit flavored cocktails usually are. Luckily, I was able to hide my not-so-elegant upbringing because there were no Domino's sugar packets on the table for me to dunk into my cocktail. Before the first course was brought out, we enjoyed an amuse bouchee of house cured mortadella with pistacchios, topped with some sort of pickled garlic. DELICIOUS. My eyes rolled back. For first courses, we chose Lamb Pappardelle, and a poached lobster with melted leeks (not on the menu). God, were they SOO good.  The lobster was juicy and flavorful, and the lamb was thoroughly tender, and the pappardelle perfectly cooked. Too bad it was such a nice restaurant, or else I would have indulged in sopping up the gravy from my pappardelle a little bit more :-) For the main course, I had the Braised Flatiron and Seared Sirloin with celery root, and my boyfriend had the rack of lamb. Good God....both were so good. The sirloin was perfectly seared, and the flatiron could not be any more tender - my knife literally sank through it. Beauuutiful. Pre-dessert amuse bouchee: concord grape something over panna cotta. Quite refreshing. Dessert: Peanut butter semifreddo with chocolate macaroons and the pecan pie with bourbon vanilla ice cream. Again.....no complaints, only contented sighs of happiness :-) We could not have chosen a better restaurant to celebrate my birthday. I cannot wait to go back. Extra info - service was excellent, and our server was a great gal. She put up with my indecisiveness, and had a great sense of humor. The one detraction was that I didn't really enjoy her wine recommendation very much, and in fact did not have more than a glass from the entire bottle. Too bad, because it was a bit expensive. It just didn't go with the meal. Also, this is a dress-up place. They call to remind you that casual business attire is requested, and indeed, though I did see a couple of jeans, nearly every man was wearing a blazer.  But don't complain - suck up and put on a pair of trousers so you can enjoy this dining experience.
Exceptional food! Exceptional service! Very small portions! Given their price point, you shouldn't leave hungry.  That being said, you won't get a more delicious meal or more attentive service.  There are very few places producing food on their level. Appetizers, entrees and dessert, they don't miss a beat.  Even their cocktails are done to perfection. Just don't skip lunch the day you're going here for dinner.
Food was great, the tasting menu right now is wonderful. Only thing I would have changed would be that the waiter would have had a better knowledge of wines and cocktails.
I love this place and try to celebrate important occasions with my family here. The menu and flavors are always exquisite. The service is impeccable, precise and flawless. I am glad that they have kept their high standards throughout all their years.
The Gramercy Tavern is one of the currently very popular Danny Meyer restaurants. It was personally highly recommended to us, and the reviews are favorable wherever one looks. However, in our humble opinion, based solely on the food, ambience, and service, it is overpriced. The interior is pleasantly and tastefully decorated and lighted. The food is picturesquely presented and tastes quite good. The wine was OK. The wait staff is young and attentive, but not without a certain air of self-importance. However, this is not, for example, the Pool Room at the Four Seasons, but the tab for four of us at dinner, with only moderate alcoholic beverage service, approached $600.00!
If you've tried tasting menus at 1, 2 and 3 Michelin star restaurants before, you will be very disappointed here. If it is your first tasting menu experience, you will love all the "extras" that you are not expecting such as the amuse, the dessert cookies, and the petit fours. You will likely not call home about the food itself, but at the quantity of good you are getting.
Another flattering review of Gramercy Tavern praising its charms. After a disappointing visit to Eleven Madison Park last year for a special occasion, I was reluctant to turn to a Meyer restaurant for my wedding dinner. But I have always been intrigued by the very positive reviews GT especially with regards to its service and decided to chance it. GT is a lovely place to dine- from the moment you enter you are graciously welcomed and the staff are all very cordial and warm. The decor was both formal and elegant but not too stuffy. Some little things that made our night special: - we are addressed 5 minutes after being seated as opposed to 20 min at EMP -complimentary glasses of sparkling wine poured for the dinner guests to start -congratulations written in chocolate on our dessert plates and of course-the complimentary muffins given at the end of the dinner. Our waiter was professional, friendly and charming and offered some good thoughts regarding the dishes. Our water glasses were constantly refilled, guests were guided to the washroom and one was never left wanting for anything. I think I have blathered on about the service long enough-the food was delicious as well and good sized portions. I had the smoked trout which was a light starter not too heavy and the remaining guests had the lamb paperdelle which tasted super yummy, nice lamby taste was paired off nicely against the swiss chard. I'm going back again just to get this dish it's a savory bowl of goodness! I had the roast loin of pork for my main a very tender cut of piggy with some braised piggy belly for crunchy texture. Dessert was coconut tapoica with mango and coconut sorbet a refreshing sweet ending. My better half had the peanut semifredo chocolate macaroon a must for reese pieces lovers-this is a fancier version! As if getting married in New York couldn't be anymore special our dinner at GT was memorable, warm and sweet. I will be back!
I came here with my mom during a trip to NY after college graduation in June 2007. Because I'm writing this review one year after my actual meal, I can only sum up my experience with abstract descriptions left in my memory -- tasting menu, great flavors, interesting and tasty dishes, excellent customer service, comfy interior, Michael Chiklis at the next table. The cool thing is the night my mom and I ate here was the day Frank Bruni's 3-star review of Gramercy Tavern was published. It was awesome to see the whole kitchen staff partying and having fun. The owner, Danny Myer, even came by our table to say "hello" and ask about our meal. He later sent a card back to California thanking my mom and I for dining at Gramercy Tavern and congratulating me on graduating. Talk about customer service and a great memory! Now that I live in New York, I can't wait to return.
Where'd you get those clothes? At the...toilet......store? Come here for a late lunch & TRY to tell me we're still in a recession. Gramercy Tavern lives up to its name, boasting a 'hood-epitomizing spot with a we-please-all Tavernous feel to it (along with Minetta, another upscale Tavern named for the area in which it's situated). Upon entering, you're met with a wood-burning fragrance providing an enchanting but not offensive or intrusive complement to a phenomenal culinary adventure. Minus the awkward & imposing adjacent orderers, everyone dining @ GT was in good spirits, and for good reason. GT is a beautiful Space, and I was seated early and situated quickly. Here we go... A remarkably pleasant and extraordinary experience all around...unfortunately met with no vegetarian tasting menu for lunch, I remembered I did have a $20 OT check and took advantage with an extra course..or three. Save Some Cash And Your Palate, But Arrive With A Semi-satiated Appetite, As The Portions Are Far From Enormous, But Certainly Satisfying Beyond Belief.. Up front I'll say that the only Detractor from the entire experience Was the consistently inconsistent service, namely The Lag Between Commonly non-lagging Things (check, Courses, Etc.). Overall, though, very Friendly, on point, & Efficient, with well-dressed staff & Beautiful Restrooms As Expected. Great Olive Bread Upon Selection, Excellent Butter And Sea Salt To Taste...triple Amuse Bouche was an incontestable Sign Of Unbelievable Things To Come. The trio of Guys quickly Noticed the Repletion Of Water And Gracefully Sped Over (not at the same time, of course), Though The Bread Was Never Re-offered :(..wait---Scratch That..they returned With Sourdough to Hold Me Over...and then, even The Plain Roll, Of Which I Admittedly Had Very Low Expectations, Wowed. An Already Remarkably Fast Eater, I Struggled To Pace Myself, But It Wasn't Hard To Savor The Perfect Warm Maine Crab. The Sea Bass was rich But Subdued; Overall Delicious At Every Level, Literally & Figuratively. Stuck with the Cherry Brown Butter Cake pending the Anticipation of some BGICT action Quelling My Other Lusts, my status as a Recovering Chocoholic Also Coming Into Play. In many ways, it was initially reminiscent of a template lower-class Dessert, albeit @ a $12 Level in terms of quality & Taste. The Trio Of Dessert Amuse Bouches made for An Epic Finale. While I'd come back for the vegetable tasting menu for dinner in a heartbeat, I am not worthy.
I dropped in a few weeks ago for lunch, having a few hours to kill before meeting up with my girlfriend. Gramercy Tavern opens at noon and as I drove by shortly before noon, in my search for parking, the masses had already begun congregating out front. My journey here today had one purpose - to try the secret, off menu hamburger. I finally found parking and hoofed it back to the restaurant. The tavern room was bustling, but they had plenty of open seats, both in the tavern, at the bar and in the dining room. I told the hostess I didn't have a reservation, but could they take one - yes, of course they could. She also explained they had a few different dining rooms and menus, but I said the tavern room was fine. After talking to the hostess and making sure the burger was available, I sat at the bar. Now, for those of you who don't know about their burger... heck, even I didn't until someone told me, it is an off menu item. I don't know if it's a secret mixture of Pat LaFrieda meat, but whatever it is, it's ground daily in house. The buns are made fresh as well and only a certain amount of patties and buns are made each day. So, when the patties and buns are out, the burger is no longer served. This could be at 1pm or it could be at 5pm. I've heard only 20 burgers are available each day, but who really knows. If they don't sell out at lunch, then they'll be available for dinner as well. Moving on, when I sat at the bar, the bartender was very nice and friendly. She handed me food and drink menus. She went over the daily specials, which included the burger, which I ordered, medium rare. I opted to stick with water and while I waited for my meal, I was brought a nice hearty piece of bread with a good sized chunk of butter. Soft and delicious bread with a good crust and creamy butter. Yum... The burger arrived shortly thereafter and looked like heaven. It was simply prepared, with cheese on top and lettuce and onions on the side. The plate also came with purple potato chips, which were some of the best potato chips I've ever had. The burger was also served with three condiment sauces, which came on the side. At the time, each sauce was explained and which I tasted each, I didn't put any on the burger and can't remember what each sauce was. When I finally bit into the burger, it was immensely satisfying, with each bite being better than the last. On the inside, it was perfectly cooked to medium rare and was hot, red, juicy and delicious. In fact, after seeing my burger, the guy sitting next to me ordered the same thing. I took a look at the dessert menu, but took my check instead. At $18, the burger is absolutely worth it. In fact, it's better than some of the other gourmet burgers served around the city. I'd take the burger at Gramercy Tavern over the burger at Minetta Tavern, 21 Club and Five Napkin Burger any day.
I skipped four meals--two before, two after--as part of my Gramercy experience. When you're going to Gramercy with Heather H, you do NOT eff around. Of course we sat at a center table, so that we get to see the little silverware dance they do. I'm having trouble remembering all the food we ate because it was so mind-blowingly awesome that my mind is trying to PROTECT itself from getting blown again simply by recalling the experience. Though I thoroughly enjoyed the venison, I think my favorite might have been the squab. I mean some people in our group were singing "I don't want no squab" beforehand because they were afraid of pigeons or whatever, but they tried it anyway and were totally impressed. Let's talk about the dessert situation. We each got six full desserts, and did a timed switcheroo tasting. But before that started, we had the pear sorbet madness. I really liked the peanut butter semifreddo, but my fav was this thing with this red sorbet, help me out here, I don't remember exactly what it was but it was TRANSCENDENT. To Michael Anthony: Normally I don't trust people with two first names, but my hat goes off to you sir for a truly amazing experience. To Heather H: (on knees, arms raised) I am not worthy! I am not worthy! I'm dumb! I suck!
The prix fixe menu at the bar included an appetizer of raw snapper, a small sandwich of softshell crab, flatiron steak and a banana cream tart for dessert.  With a beverage and tip it came to $75. I really wanted to be blown away, and it was very, very good.  But elements were weak like the softshell crab sandwich, which was indistinguishable from good fried bar food.  It was even slightly oily.   Elements were very good, including the raw snapper opener in citrus marinade and a few pickled  vegetables.  The salted cashew ice cream was also fantastic. But the rest was just average.  Service at the  bar was great, and for four courses and a beverage, $75 total isn't that bad.   I'd try the dining room next.
Gramercy Tavern wants to make me an alcoholic. I'm serious. I usually go here with my boss friend and he gets the vip treatment here, so I have a drink in my hand within 5 minutes of walking in. The have a really stellar beer list, and always make great recommendations. And I don't know if I love or hate the bartenders, but they are extremely heavy handed. We drink patron shots with orange slices when we go out (we as in my super cool boss buys them for me) and this place pours at least 2-3 shots in a single serving. This is the reason I get so wasted on a tuesday night at 9 o'clock. Oh, and the bartenders don't mind constantly giving us orange slices for our shots, which some people think is really weird. As for the food, I've never had a full meal here, which I might have to revise so I don't leave completely full of alcohol, but what I have had (cheese plates, oysters, and desserts) has always been superb.
I was raised on a steady diet of kung-fu movies.  The lead character, say Bruce Lee, would be gunning for revenge, for example, for his Master having been killed unfairly.  He would go through several rounds of fights before getting to the kingpin in the rival hierarchy: Round                                               Result --------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------------- 1)     o          o          o            o            With a few nifty forearm movements,   --|--      --|--      --|--        --|--          and some fancy footwork, Bruce Lee     /\          /\           /\            /\            makes short work of these amateurs 2)           o          o          o                    A small number of skilled fighters.         --|--      --|--      --|--                  Again, no match for Bruce, who adds         ../\..      ../\..       ../\..                  freaky sounds to scare them away! 3)                 o            o                         A couple of advanced Shaolins who              '--|--'       '--|--'                      force Bruce Lee to resort to nunchaku               ../\..        ../\..                       skills to demolish the opposition 4)                  ,,,                       o                                The mastermind.  Often Bruce would                    '--|--'                              have to summon extreme Jeet Kune                     ../\..                              Do techniques to overcome the leader As I entered the portals of Gramercy Tavern each of the four times I dined here, I was expecting a 'Round 4' opponent.  And each time I would encounter a Round 3 or even a Round 2 on steroids (good wine).  Not that I am Bruce Lee.  But I am disappointed. A Zagat favorite, and clearly one of the best options in the Union Square and Flatiron area, I have been here on two business lunches, and two dinners, including one for a friend's birthday.  And there will doubtless be more visits to follow in my natural course of living in New York. The tavern is a great option if you are looking for a lighter meal.  The main dining room has a warm Tudor style feel, that only serves to raise the level of expection from the food and service.  Full marks to Danny Meyer for designing a very "New York" menu, complemented by an excellent selection of wines--take it from a wine expert and colleague, who was once my dining company.  Now here are items that I would gladly endorse: the arugula and squash salad, the mushroom risotto (the best risotto I have ever eaten), and the steamed veggie plate (love the asparagus).  My discerning companions loved the grouper and halibut.  Five stars for the wine selection and dessert options.  The Apricot Pistachio Frangipani Tart--a masterpiece that combines great texture with taste.  Or the Chocolate Coconut Tart.  Delightful combination. But when you add it all up, you are still looking at a 3.5 to 4 star rating at this price.  You would expect a ringleader, of the caliber of Daniel or Per Se.  Tsk, tsk.  I have seen better values for money.  Bruce Lee is ready for a superior fighter.
*********************** 755 *************************       Gramercy Tavern is one of Danny Meyer's hot spot. He is the CEO of Union Square Group which owned Union Square Cafe (a Michelin Starred), formerly co-owned Eleven Madison Park (3 Michelin Starred, Shake Shark, and many more. He's with chef Michael Anthony is the chef-partner at New York City's Gramercy Tavern. He received the James Beard Award for Best Chef NYC in May and have worked at many finest restos in the France and Japan. I heard so much about this chef from my friends who also chefs, have recommended me to come here. I finally did with all my friends. They live in NYC, so this is 1 of their regular spots.       The place is simply beautiful, during the fall season, baby pumpkins, other squash, fresh and gigantic flowers were through out the restaurant. Later to find out, The flowers design was inspired by visions of 17th century taverns nestled in the countryside, these all-natural beauties are the work of Roberta Bendavid, Gramercy Tavern's in-house floral designer who has been with us since opening day. She's been decorated the resto for the last 15 years, she and her staff came in every morning to do the flowers, WOW!        Gramercy Tavern is a big resto, with 3 separate dining rooms, a bar in the first room, and an open kitchen on the way to the last dining room.         We came at the last sitting, a big group of us, and the hostess was still honored our RSVP. Our server was professional, attentive, and food came out smoothly. Everything tasted fantastic, I'm glad I finally got to come here, this is probably going to be 1 of my FAV 1 Michelin Starred restos in NYC.         I waited 8 months before Yelping this because I'm that behind of my reviews, but I also wanted to come back again before I review it. Later to find out this executive chef went through an open heart surgery while signing his book at Eleven Madison Park, it got me at hello. He's an active part of the local community, giving tours to students from nearby elementary schools, trying to start a greenhouse project a local high school, and arranging visits to local farms for his staff, teaching them first-hand how and where the food they serve each day is grown. He's very health conscious, and his food always comes with vegetable first. He reminded me what chef Grant Achatz of Alinea in Chicago went through.         I have so much admired for his food, and now for his passion in food, and his giving back to community. Chef Michael Anthony is such an inspirational to us all, who gives back and give more.         I volunteer weekly at Red Cross and other nonprofit organizations, people always say they are too busy and don't have time. I make time for what I truly believe in. With that said, Gramercy Tavern is a must TRY resto when you are in Manhattan. Remember they are always book and busy, but the food and the wine list are WORTH to try out. 1 of the cheaper Michelin Starred in NYC, believe me on this! Overall: 5 stars For value: 5 stars For Food: 5 stars For Service: 5 stars For ambiance: 5 stars Location: Flatiron
I'm going to start with WOW!  What a meal we had at Grammercy Tavern.  This restaurant lived up to all the hype.  I was so excited to done here that I was afraid it wouldn't live up.  A poor dish or poor service could have thrown us all off, but I will be the first to say that we had neither. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful inside.  The Tavern area has the feel of a trendy Manhattan bar and the formal dining room is inviting with dark exposed wood beams.  The servers were extremely attentive but not to the point of obnoxious. We went for the seasonal tasting menu.  All 6 courses were insane and the right amount of food.  We were neither or hungry or way to full when we left, perfect. 1.  A ceviche of Red Snapper 2. Smoked Hake Salad 3. Soft shell crab in mustard vinegarette 4. Roasted Squab 5. Braised Sirloin and Flatiron 6. Carrot Cake w/ homemade ice cream. I had been waiting to try this Danny Meyer spot for sometime since I do not live in New York and would put it up there with any of the restaurants I have been to.  Thanks for living up to expectations.
Very very good.  I went here for a lite dinner and ended up staying for about four hours.  They were so accommodating, another friend joined us (since we were there for so long)   and they had no problem setting up another place setting.  They didn't kick us out and kept the champagne flowing!
And we're back.  I must have visited on an off-day last time for lunch (which saddened me greatly that one of my absolute favorite restaurants was no more), but your incredible mushroom calamari dish (So good I bashfully ordered a second round), your amazing grilled oysters, delicious seafood chowder, incredible roasted duck, and my-oh-my that luscious chocolate pudding, last night has shown me that once again, you are one of my top favorites, of all time. This was the first time I ate at the "Tavern" part of the restaurant, and I have to say I enjoy it a bit more than sitting in the dining room - warm cozy ambiance, and I feel more relaxed to order seconds (yes... I CAN eat) of the dishes that really wowed.  Our waitress Jessica was fantastic and incredibly attentive, and really made the difference between a dinner out on a Friday night and a dinner worth remembering and raving out.  Thank you - I will be back, and this time, it won't be long.
Talk about a power lunch scene.  I think I was the only gentleman in the entire dining room who wasn't wearing a shirt and tie (this includes the waitstaff). I was expecting to have a decent lunch followed by a stiff price gouging as the hype surrounding this place seemed almost insurmountable.  After all, this was THE legendary Gramercy Tavern!  A New York institution! The exterior was austere and not nearly as daunting as I'd imagined.  Interior was clean, business-like, and functional but surprisingly warm and inviting. Menu is no-nonsense.  Fresh ingredients, familiar items, but with just enough of a twist to raise your eyebrows. Wifey ordered a lemon risotto that literally knocked my socks off.  I was stunned by how good it was.  Moved on to a pappardelle with beef ragu that moved me to tears.  I hadn't been this emotional since George Lucas killed the Star Wars franchise. Service was professional but never intrusive, and prices were reasonable considering the quality of ingredients. Folks, Gramercy Tavern is one place that lives up to the hype.
My review is for the tavern menu. Two of us casually walked in on a Tuesday evening, and unfortunately could not score seats to the main event. Next time (assuming I'm still gainfully employed)... Despite the drastic differences in price, I think there is some overlap between the dining room menu and the tavern menu. Two of us ate for $100 combined, and were very pleased with the quality of the food and service.They have a three course option for $38 that is a steal. Specific comments. The duck mousse is extremely rich, decadent and... plentiful. I made the mistake of eating the entire appetizer by myself, and easily lost 7-9 years of my life. We also ordered the sunchoke and duck salad, and were surprised by how much duck they actually give you. The red snapper with leeks was delightful. I'm not a huge fan of heirloom beans, but was actually inhaling them towards the tail end of the meal. All in all, don't be intimidated by priciness - the tavern menu is less expensive, but still a nice treat.
Chill spot for great food. Pricey. My dad & I went for lunch. $100. Great service & drinks. Also, gluten free friendly. Awesome location.
The night before we had dinner at a 3 Michelin star restaurant, and we actually enjoyed our meal at Gramercy Tavern even more. The food was prepared beautifully -- no pomp and circumstance just exquisitely cooked dishes. The atmosphere is elegant and the service attentive and polished. I would say the highlight of the meal for me was the lamb. It was tender and the flavor of the wild mushrooms really stood out in the dish. For dessert we had the assorted ice creams and cookie tray and they were awesome. This is a great place to come for a special occasion, or if you just feel like spoiling yourself with a first-rate meal.
There is a good reason Gramercy Tavern consistently gets amazing ratings.  Its amazing.  Its comfortable, the staff is friendly and quick, and the food is creative without being weird, and more importantly-- delicious.   But the real excitement on this trip to Gramercy Tavern came from the desserts.  My god-- corn ice cream with blueberries, carmel corn and black pepper whipped cream may sound odd, but it was outstanding as were the cookies and the german chocolate cake with german chocolate cake ice cream on the side.   Oh-- skip the scallops if they're on the menu. They were good but there are much better things to choose from.
Carefully orchestrated wait service, impeccable food, welcoming ambiance, can not wait to go back! We were fortunate to get a reservation for a Saturday night on such notice, many thanks go out to party who cancelled at 8:30 this weekend!! If not for you folks, I might not have experienced the best meal of my life! I had the creamiest polenta shrimp appetizer, delicious rabbit dumplings,  succulent duck breast entree, pork loin/pork belly, and THE BEST LEMON PUDDING CAKE DESSERT EVER!!! Good thing I don't live in NYC, I'd be broke and overweight in no time.
clearly everything was delicious. service was very elegant and on point. i had the warm lobster salad. was that a little bit of carrot puree drizzled on it? I couldn't get past the 3 pieces of lobster on the plate...3...3...3...i'm starvingggggg....3...t h r e e .... moving forward, lobster bisque, beef tartare, cavetelli with ricotta/tomato sauce all so tasty. I had the chicken entree served with bacon, sausage, potatoes and caramelized onions. Oh it was delicious, but I had to get past that minor detail of the chicken. It is a rare moment when I have to actually ask the waiter what's up with the texture of this chicken? OHhhhhh,,,they sous vide it...and it's so pink. and soft. is it squishy? that liver texture was weird, I still enjoyed it, but for a moment I wondered if I would be one of those people who orders their chicken well done at a restaurant. french girl inner conflict. all five desserts were so so impressive. def order the cookie plate.
Ah, this is where it all began. My love affair with food, I mean. Had my very first fine dining experience when I was 12 with my family.. and since i'm a big girl now, you know that a resto that's been around that long has it going on. 1 star docked because it wasn't as good as I recall. But times change, and menus change. And I say to try GT's seasonal tasting menu. I took bf here for his birthday Sunday night (Giant game night, so there were an unusually low ratio of peeps dining..thankfully for us, a coveted 8:30 resto opened from our prior 6:30.. which was booked more than a month in advance, FYI) Let's start with the decor. It's beautiful! Like you just stepped out of the city and got a whiff of the country air...with fresh flowers, produce, lots of rustic wood. The walls are adorned with paintings of historical American stuff. But, "tavern" should be more like "cottage" since it's not "tavern-pub" like at all.  There is a lot of space in the dining room- it's a big resto. Starters: bread- bet plain and sourdough. Plain was crusty and standard and sourdough was nicely sour (they give you alot). Amuse- a goat cheese puff (dry) The winter tasting menu is $116 pp. (The regular 3 course are $88 and full sized). The courses (all beautifully presented) were as follows (AND were the right portions, despite your eyes initially deceiving you.. trust me, we were SO full) 1. Fluke Tartare with radish and american caviar- This is one of my fav dishes of the night.  With lots of cirtrus flavor, the tartare was extremely fresh, and chilled, that it popped in your mouth. Nothing fishy about this-- my bf , who doesn't like fish much, enjoyed it. You get small heapings of radish and caviar (esp the latter) but its' salty enough to know it's there. 2. Clam Chowder- Not your original bisque. It's not thick so dieters, be happy. You'll taste more celery (delish) in the base. The fried oysters are amazing (perfectly done and still crispy, despite being in soup!) and the razor clams are fresh and not fishy. The shrimp was cooked to perfection-- soft, but not overdone. Lastly, the TROUT roe pops in your mouth, and adds a salty kick- making for a fun culinary experience (note that the food is a bit salty, but the waiters are very good about re filling your water) 3. Halibut- steamed--a unique way of having this fish. The carrot/cabbage soup base seeps into the fish for some serious carrot-esque flavor. The cabbage is crunchy, a good play on texture. The calamari is small tiny and steamed also (well not fried). While we recognized the artistry in this dish, it was our least fav. 4.Duck dumplings- Not my fav way to have kale (it's a bit soggy), but excellent dumplings. The wrapper is so thin and light and managed to carefully balance the heavy, dense meat inside. There was a LOT of very flavorful duck in here 5.  Despite the site menu saying next was venison, it was in fact, it's sirloin.  I did not have this bc I don't eat red meat. Instead, the waiter asked if I'd like the sea bass from the regular menu. I had asked if I could have the pork loin and belly (which I originally opted for because of the belly- so my bf could try. I don't eat pork, normally).  I told him pork, but somehow he forgot and brought me sea bass. Now, I LOVED the sea bass. So I didn't mind, and in hindsight, I really don't like pork. But... that was an example of poor service, so I was a bit surprised. Our waiter was sweet, and even offered to bring me something else if I didn't like the sea bass, but I'm not sure how knowledgable he was. (seemed to have to think hard about each dish, and was kind of the person that was like "everything's good"...yes I know.. but I want some detailed recs, man). In any case, the sea bass (which was FULL portion, as it was from the reg menu) was awesome. Perfectly fresh and cooked. But even better was the SAUCE. A candied walnut-apple-mango sauce which was so perfectly buttery, and sweet... I honestly will say that I cannot even describe it in words. You need to go and try it for yourself. The fish was plated on top of spaghetti squash, which I love. It was perfectly baked and strung.. not too soggy. I finished this but couldn't finish the whole fish.   Bf had the sirloin, which he said wasn't the best. It was in a wine reduction and came with a sweet potato. 6. Tasting dessert- we had a sampling of the graham cracker goat cheesecake with a concord grape sorbet- AWESOME. and true to ALL subtle flavors. Then, pistachio ice cream with salted caramel/ peanut butter crumble (very good- me),  and passion fruit with American meringue (bf- very sour and good. They put a candle in his dessert with Happy Bday writing per my request up front) Misc: petit fours, peppermint chocolate, small choc pies, hazelnut macaroons (dry), and gingerbread/pumpkin truffles-eh, but what you do expect for free. We got a take home apple oatmeal muffin which was kinda like coffee cake- this was VERY good (we had it the next day)
Still one of the best In the Big Apple The prix fixe menu selection are great ! Not economical at all but very well prepared and executed
Had a nice evening here not too long ago with the parents and fiance........a consistent performer always in the upper echelon of restaurants in NYC.  Showed up for our reservation around 9 and were seated within 5 minutes. Everyone decided to go with the Spring Tasting Menu (6 courses).....have a look at their website for the menu.  From start to finish one of the better tasting menus I have tried which gave a fair range of flavors while leaving you in that nice state of satisfied when completed. Have your waiter/ress recommend a nice cocktail from the list or beer on tap as there is a nice selection if you want to venture away from the wine. Guys can get away with jeans in the dining room if you are wearing a decent pair with a collared shirt.  You won't be out of place if it's dress up night and your date wants you in a suit either. Ladies here def bring their A game as many were dressed to impress.....and many did that night.....I have the bruises on my legs from kicks under the table from my fiance to prove it (Don't laugh....I don't bruise easily). ***Wheelchair accessible - ramp up to entrance***
DISAPPOINTING!!! Go to Del Posto, Per Se, Le Bernardin, or just save your money. If you enjoy tiny portions of bland food, this is your place. Best part by far was the dessert. Wine list was decent. I would go for dessert that is it. Entire party was disappointed by the food, appeared creative on the menu until the food actually came. Appearance was greater than the Taste. Had to go out to dinner AGAIN after the tasting menu (and I am not a big eater!) Would NOT go back. Money was not a concern, but I feel as if I got half of what I paid for.
Wow. The lunch I had at Gramercy Tavern yesterday was one of the best meals I've had in a very long time. Everything here is top class, from the friendly and attentive service to the delicious eats and the classy, understated decor. But it's really all about the food, right? I started with the calamari and carrot salad. The calamari was finely sliced, as were the carrots, and the combination of flavors was amazing. My date started with the sweetbreads, which she thankfully let me taste. Also divine. For my main course I opted for the meatball, which was sliced in half and slathered in melted cheese. It was perfectly spiced and served over the most excellent pureed potatoes I've ever had. Combining the potatoes and meatball with the red wine onions was a stroke of genius on the chef's part. The portion size was just right, as I cleaned my plate and was left feeling full. But not too full for dessert, of course! The strawberry pie was spectacular, and it was paired with sour cream ice cream. I'd never had sour cream ice cream before, but hot damn was it great. The strawberries were fresh, the graham cracker crust was perfectly crumbly, and my date's peach and blueberry tart was almost as good. Gramercy Tavern is not inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for here. If I could afford to go back everyday I would. Maybe when that promotion comes through...
I am surprised I have not reviewed Gramercy Tavern yet, as this place is in my top five favorite places to eat! The decor, service and food are all top notch.  Very welcoming, informative and kind servers.  I have tried many of the selections...pork, beef, seafood, foie gras (mmm), amazing salads and delicious desserts. Oh, and the wine! I was there recent;y for my birthday and had a butternut squash soup with lobster and Brussels sprouts which was one of the most delicious soups I have ever eaten...it was a surprising combination of ingredients, but they came together perfectly. Worth the splurge!
The reputation at this place precedes itself and the place is completely worthy of such high praise. I ate in the more casual part of the restaurant but the waitstaff there made us feel as if we were the most important, fancy guests in the whole place. I went with three best friends and our waitress was knowledgeable about the fish dishes and had no problem asking the chef for the best red wine in our price range. We had apps, main course and dessert and each bite was better than the one before it. Highly recommend this place!
Came here for my graduation dinner with my parents and my boyfriend. We did the regular dinner menu and everything was absolutely delicious. I won't go into the specific items because between us we had four different first courses and four different second courses. Each and every one was amazing. The only reason I give 4 rather than 5 stars is that I felt the service came with a bit of an attitude and an arrogance that I have not experienced at other restaurants of this caliber. I felt this from more than one staff member. That is why I'm not sure I'll ever dine here again. On the one hand I would love to experience the food again, but why would I opt for GT over other places with equally amazing food AND proven impeccable service? I really want to like it so I may give it one more chance in case it was just a fluke experience. More likely, we will end up down the street at Craft instead.
My boyfriend and I have celebrated many occasions at Danny Meyer establishments because of the good food and amazing service that never disappoints. We both opted for the seasonal tasting menu, a bit pricey at $116/person. In the future, we will just order a la carte for more variety between the two of us since each diner gets the same tasting menu. Just to note, I noticed some other diners who ordered a la carte and the portion sizes are huge! We started with a scallop ceviche with caviar and then moved onto a warm lobster salad, both some of the best dishes I've had in recent memory. That was followed by a few courses that weren't as memorable... Then my favorite course - the duck breast. Any place that does duck right, I will love for life :) For our dessert course, our waiter said he didn't want to restrict us to the tasting menu dessert and offered us the full dessert menu to chose from, so we both got to have something different. I always look forward to the end of these tasting menus because I love tasting the different petit fours but theirs were a bit disappointing :( An expensive meal but worth it if you're celebrating an occasion! Do make your reservations a few weeks in advance. We were stuck with the senior citizen reservation... dinner at 5:30. But even at 5:30, the place was packed. One gripe... later that evening my boyfriend told me that he left a note in his OpenTable reservation that we were celebrating my birthday but they did not do anything to honor the occasion! Not that we're digging for freebies but other places would write Happy Birthday on the dessert, at a minimum.
Don't get me started.  Don't even get me started.  (Name that quote.) Have been to GT a few times now, but only to the bar area, which is more my style.  Much more casual, but with the great service, good drinks, and perfect food you'd expect from an institution like this.   While I was upset to see that the filet had disappeared from the bar menu, the meatball that replaced it is inexplicably delicious.  Cheese wrapped in meat served over potato deliciousness is hard not to like.   Eat here immediately.
We had a fabulous dinner at Gramercy Tavern on a recent visit to New York. We decided to go for the seasonal tasting menu which i believe was 7 courses. It sounds like a ton of food, but each course was very small and we didn't end up feeling stuffed at all. It actually ended up being more like 10 courses though because we had an amuse and even a dessert amuse, then they brought us little pre-wrapped coffee cakes for breakfast the next morning! I can't even begin to remember what all of the courses were  so I'm just going to hit on some of the highlights. We had a seafood chowder that was out of this world. The shrimp in it were cooked rare and they were the most delicious shrimp I have ever had. The fluke tartare also just melted in your mouth. Our amuse dessert was an individual pineapple upside down cake that was to die for. I don't even like pineapple upside down cake and I ate every crumb! The service was top notch which is to be expected at a place like this. We had to laugh at the fact that we got all new place settings for every course, even after the amuse which was a finger food. Every plate and piece of silver ware was whisked away and replaced between courses. My only 'complaint', if i could even call it that was that it was advertised as being a great spot for a romantic dinner, which we were looking forward to. i would have to disagree with that though, the tables are very close together and we could hear every word of conversation at the tables on each side of us. Other than that, this was a top notch dining experience!
Nice restaurant, great service, attentive wait staff. We ordered the seven course tasting menu. After our perfect dining experience at Annisa the night before, we were a little disappointed that the food at Gramercy Tavern did not live up to its hype. Most of the dishes were good, but not amazing. The duck was great, however. And the desserts were very amazing. Chocolate Pecan Coconut Cake with Butter Pecan Ice Cream: Wow!
We have been to Gramercy Tavern 218 several times. We love it!!! The food is incredible, the service great. I also love the atmosphere.
We have been to Gramercy several times. Each time the menu and food were really inventive not the usual. Many of the upscale restaurants now serve practically the same thing especially for dessert. Gramercy is one of the few places that is still inventive.
Hubby and I got taken out by a sales lady for an awesome dinner here. The menu is always changing, but everything (appetizers, entree, desserts, cocktails, wine, dessert wine, etc) we had was impeccably presented and happily consumed. Thrilled that I got to come here NOT during restaurant week, haha. Hope I get to come again!
Must say the Seabass was well cooked and the lime meringue tart was excellent.  I would recommend this place as a nice second or third date as the atmosphere is very inviting, beverages are on par, and the food is quite delicious.
Love, love, love Gramercy Tavern! I've wanted to eat here for as long as I can remember... but my first experience in the tavern was well worth the wait. I absolutely have to thank the bf for bringing me as a surprise. The tavern menu (served both during lunch and dinner) is priced surprisingly well, with most apps in the $10-18 range and entrees around $18-26 if I remember correctly. Vast wine and cocktail list, and an amazing seasonal dessert menu by pastry chef Nancy Olsen. The fish croquette and spinach salad with an oyster sauce I tried was savory and perfectly balanced. The fresh fish croquettes were beautifully fried and very very light and subtle in flavor - complimented by the robust oyster sauce. I especially loved the pickled daikon and carrot slaw with a little bit of spice that sat underneath, which added lovely tang and acid. The smoked pork shoulder with a large cornbread crouton, salsify and bacon broth was hearty and delicious as well. I just loved how inherently homey all of the dishes on the tavern menu are, only with more modern flavor combinations and techniques. What really put my meal over the top, warranting 5 stars on here though, was the amazing service. Not only was our waiter perfectly friendly and attentive, but he even went as far as providing two plates for our ricotta cheesecake dessert when we mentioned that we would split it - so that the bf and I each got our own scoop of black currant sorbet and chocolate cookie crumbs. So with that, one order of dessert basically turned into two sizably-portioned desserts! The cheesecake itself was absolutely delightful as well, light and impossibly creamy. I cannot wait to come back for dinner in the dining room. Will surely update after that!
Oh how you disappointed me Gramercy Tavern!! Went here on New Years Eve for my birthday.  Got seated next to a group of 4 people who were totally wasted (at 7:30 pm).  They were dropping their chairs, taking pictures with flashes and constantly going in and out of the restaurant to smoke.  So much for atmosphere! Decided to do the 3 course tasting.  Started with a squash soup, which was OK.  Not a whole lot of flavor.  Next I ordered a carrot/barley dish, which the server said was like a risotto.  It came out as a plate of sauteed carrots!  Seriously - carrots as my main dish?  The waitress replaced this with a pasta, which was just OK.  Desserts were the best, but at this point I was too disappointed to enjoy them. And in case my review didn't turn you off from going there - check this quote out from an article in the NYTimes:  Both Le Cirque and Gramercy Tavern were found to have flies and "conditions conducive to attracting vermin," and inspectors also found roaches at Gramercy Tavern.
As you might have noticed, I'm something of a burger fanatic. I'll go to the nicest restaurants in all the land, hear the mouthwatering specials and read the menu items, and STILL get the burger. That's just what's up. So this is precisely what I did at Gramercy Tavern. Duck toast appetizer, wonderful cheddar burger for my entree, cookie plate for dessert, and a couple cocktaiils to wash it all down. This is the way life is meant to be lived. The duck toast was a bit gamy for my tastes, but I mean, it's duck...I'm not sure what else I could have reasonably expected. The burger was fantastic, even without fries, which are another of my Achilles heels. The cocktails were also wonderful...I had the mezcaliente (mezcal, tequila, cucumber) and some bourbon-based drink that also hit the spot quite nicely. Throughout the meal, service was top-notch (though the waiter did refer to a macaron as a macaroon, which is one of my little pet peeves). I left Gramercy stuffed and with an only-partially-cocktail-induced grin on my face, which is all I can ask for in a Saturday lunch date.
Gramercy Tavern has been on my List for years, but for some reason I never made my way over.  It was always the standard spot that I overlooked in lieu of the hot new chefs and their restaurants.  But oh my.  To think of all the trendy meals I could have replaced with a solid meal at Gramercy Tavern. I went on a Thursday at eight, and my group of four was quoted a 1:15 wait time.  It was really more along the lines of 45 minutes before we were ushered into the friendly, warm, bar room.  Admittedly, nothing on the menu really leapt out at me, but I settled on the heirloom tomato appetizer (special for the day) and the pork chop.  The menu descriptions are minimalist and say very little about how the food is cooked, but our waiter (who was really friendly and descriptive, albeit really slow) informed us nicely that all entrees are cooked on the grill.  Good stuff. I also got to sample the calamari salad, chilled zucchini squash, arctic char, and mushroom lasagna.  EVERYTHING was phenomenal (well, besides the char, and only because it was mayonnaisey and I'm not a fan of mayo).  The heirloom tomatoes were accompanied by cherries, cucumbers, gooseberries, and the most delicate croutons you've ever tasted.  The juices were so good I found myself cleaning my plate with a spoon.  The pork chop was hearty, meaty, flavorful, yet ever so tender.  It was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of fat.  It arrived swimming in a turnip and spinach broth that was so tasty I would have drank that too, had they provided me the proper silverware.  My friend's mushroom lasagna was fantastic.  Everything was fantastic.  I was so happy with my choices that I didn't envy anyone, but had I chosen something else (besides the mayo char) I would have been just as happy. For dessert, we shared the peach cobbler for two (angels sang when I bit into this) and the bacon chocolate tart. All in, the meal came out to $50 a person with no wine or drinks.  We were provided bread throughout the meal and were nicely full (yet not satiated) when we finally left almost 2.5 hours after we sat down. Next time I'd like to try the formal dining room and order from the prixe fixe menu.  Or I wouldn't mind just dropping in the bar room again.  As long as I find myself back here, I'm sure I'll be elated.
To be honest, it is tough for me to offer enough praise for Gramercy Tavern. While not the best food of my life, it was close, and in terms of overall experience it was certainly the most impressive.   After a tragic/unexpected death in the family, my sister, mother, and I opted to get away to NYC and on short notice managed to get a number of great reservations including a table for three in the peak of lunch hour at Gramercy.  Having heard rumor of the wonderful setting, great food, and all-star service I'll admit we had high expectionations....forunately GT filled them all and added a few extra. Arriving just on time, walking from the Chelsea Galleries, we were sat immediately and our wonderful server Emily poured water while the bread man delivered the best olive rolls ever (and some pretty solid sour dough and white rolls as well.)  As my mother wanted the steak and my sister and I wanted the tasting menu, this was accomidated without question.  While we waited for the first course we browsed the beautiful hard wood interior, elderly and well established diners, and flow of the restaurant.  There is a reason the place is booked full each day. Approximately 10 minutes after seating the first course of the tasting arrived in the form of a Calamari & Carrot Salad with Toasted Pine Nuts and Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette.  While I'm generally not a lemon fan, the dressing was superb and the calamari was flawlessly prepared.  Creamy and rich pine nuts and crispy carrot sticks contrasted sharply with the dressing and squid creating an inspiring oral medley that made even my mother, a non-fish eater, say "mmm."  As good as the salad was, each of the following dishes bested it by miles. Course two (along with new plates and silverware) consisted of a Scallop Minestrone with Asparagus and Green Garlic that can be simply described as perfection.  Crisp yet cooked asparagus, perfect snap peas, and a green garlic broth provided the perfect compliment to the barely-cooked yet perfectly tender scallop and the entire dish was consumed in a slow "wowed" fashion as each bite brought out subtle nuances of the salty scallop against the amazingly textured background. Course three...lets just say that this may be my favorite fish dish I have ever experienced, even better than the butter poached skate from EMP the day before.  Hot Smoked Sturgeon with Leeks, Potatoes and American Paddlefish Roe arrived as three small yet perfectly poached steaks served over a soft and buttery bed of potatoes and leeks with crispy cooked potatos along side and perhaps 1/2 oz of roe spread throughout the dish.  Having never experienced Sturgeon in all my years of fish consumption, I was pleased by the trout-like texture and amazed by the hearty beef-like flavor.  Like the Minestrone, each component came across in its own wonderful way and made me want to stand up and pronounce chef Anthony my new hero.  Like the Minestrone, this dish was so amazing that extra bread was requested to soak up every drop from the plate. During course three and four my mother was served her dish of Roasted Sirloin with Short Rib Ravioli, Snap Peas, Spring Onions and Green Garlic.  While I do not consume beef, I was told by my mother that this was one of the best pieces of beef she'd ever consumed and that the Ravioli was as good of quality as that at Babbo (if this is true, it is an AMAZING compliment.)  As the portion was quite large, the dish easily lasted mom through both our mains and she was quite contented and full after the main and dessert. Course four of the tasting consisted of Rack of Pork & Braised Belly with Baby Turnips and Adirondack Blue Potatoes.  Having recently been turned back on to pork by chef Chang's dishes at MomoFuku, my sister loved this dish a great deal aside from the Belly which she believed to be too fatty.  Myself?  Lets just say that the Pork at Gramercy is every bit as good as the best pork I've ever tasted and far less 'ham' in texture than that at Babbo (I'm not sure which I prefer, honestly.)  The Belly was unique in its incredible level of fattiness, but when paired with the crispy turnip and Blue Potatoes it was a great combination of salt/sweet/crisp/fat.  While not as good as the Sturgeon, still a stellar main that I'd highly recommend. For dessert we were given the option of the tasting menu dessert or one of Nancy Olson's other options.  Looking at the menu and seeing "cookie plate" I knew what my sister would be ordering and glancing further down the words "Chocolate Bread Pudding" instantly grabbed my eye.  For mom's selection it was the Rhubarb Meringue Tart with Vanilla Bean Buttermilk Ice Cream. Continued here:  chowhound.com/topics/535…
There really isn't much to complain about this place. For such a high profile restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised that our servers were down to earth with personality- not the cookie-cutter 5-star dining servers who may say and do all the right things, but because they have to. Very refreshing. And the food was really great too! We did the summer tasting menu which started out with a gaspachio that was really tasty. It moved on to other dishes which currently escape me. I'd definitely come back here because it was such a pleasant experience. High-end food, comfortable atmosphere, great non-stuffy service.
This place has beautiful decor and excellent service. I had the burger which was pretty good. If I came back I would try something else.
I hadn't been to GT in some time when I arrived on Sat afternoon after a good workout at the gym.  A friend & I had been trying to get an open table for at least 3 consecutive Saturdays and felt fortunate to be seated right away.  The food, as usual, was incredible.  I had the cobia and my friend had the special burger for the day.  The service, on the other hand, was less than ideal.  Our cocktails arrived after our appetizers.  My friend doesn't eat pork so he requested the special bacon burger without the bacon.  It arrived with bacon nonetheless.   The waitress was not at all apologetic about any of this.  I think a place of this caliber needs to improve its game when it comes to good customer service.
Well, I said I wanted to return for lunch or dinner and we made it here for lunch during a recent trip into the city. No reservations were being accepted  because I waited too long but the host was as cordial as the last time and we waited only about 25 minutes for a table in the tavern room. Observing the waitstaff and support staff is like watching a fine ballet. No one hovers, but if you even look like you have a problem or request there is someone at your table almost immediately. We shared the Baked Clam appetizer which was served on two separate dishes, which I thought was a very nice touch - and it was delicious. Carol had the Lasagna and I had an incredible House made Kielbasa stuffed with cheese along with a very good Cole Slaw. All in all a very nice experience and now we have to come back for dinner.
Wine was excellent.  We had a dinner int he back room for father-in-law's milestone birthday.  The appetizers and main courses were phenomenal.  Every little thing including the passed Hors D'Oeuvres were phenomenal.  It lived up to my expectations.  Love it.
We went there for my sister's birthday. What struck me was the elegant decor and casual atmosphere of this Michelin starred restaurant. There's a very large bar/bistro area and to the rear, a section of private tables. I saw people in shorts and your typical food geek whipping out their cameras for their blogs. We were greeted warmly and seated promptly. The staff is so great here. I would highly recommend speaking to them as a normal person (not psycho foodie). In return they'll really make your experience an extremely pleasant one. For the evening, we both went with the pre fixe 3 course menu. My lobster and bean salad was awesome. The product that was used for the dish was absolutely top notch and used at the height of their seasonal ripeness. My sister's crepe was beautiful but was just ok. I then had the pork served 3 ways. Again the presentation was spectacular but the food was ok. There were these crispy things on top of the dish and i asked if it was chicharones. It was so tasty that I said that I could eat a plate of it. Our Latin waiter kind of laughed and went back into the kitchen and reappeared with a small dish of it! That's pretty cool. The third course was for desserts. The really nice staff actually brought out 3 dishes of dessert. It was ok, but the service really impressed me. Thanks GT, your food was good and service was legendary. We'll be back for more.
Best service EVER, not to mention, the food is excellent. This is a very special restaurant. I would go back again and again...
Smooth Execution There is a reason why so many people have reviewed this place.  Every time I come here it only confirms my belief that they cannot mess up a dish. Delicious food, great atmosphere for any occasion, nice staff. Definitely a place you can feel comfortable dining in as a destination restaurant. Date Rating: 8 Pick up Scale: 3 (7 if you're charming and you sit at the bar) Strong Suggestion: Make a reservation they're pretty busy.
Me and 2 of my co-workers came here for a work lunch.  Although we felt VERY under-dressed compared to all the men wearing suit jackets and women in very office-like clothing, nobody cared once we sat down.  I ordered fish and my co workers ordered pasta (sorry, can't remember the exact names of the dishes!) The food took out a long time to come - the people around us came after us and were already on the dessert.  A woman that was possibly the manager came over to our tables and apologized for the wait.  She said that the whole tab was on them, so we were shocked.  Once the food arrived, it was delicious.  Small portions, but that's what you expect from a place like this. We wanted to leave the waiter a tip but he said "it's okay, I didn't do that much."   They even brought us dessert at the end to apologize for the wait.  It was little tiny squares of different flavors, 3 for each person.  Tasted so good! Although we weren't impressed with the long wait at first, by the end, the great staff and the tasty food won us over.
My girlfriends and I decided to check out the Tavern and we ordered the following: Sea Bass w/ Swiss Chard, Capers, Pine Nuts and Sweet Onion Sauce, Meatball w/ Fontina, Potato Purée and Red Wine Onions and the 3 Course Menu: Ruby Red Shrimp, Hanger Steak w/ Fingerling Potatoes and Chocolate Ice Cream. Dinner was amazing and our server was great!  I would definitely recommend the Tavern.
Among the best in the City, this Flatiron/Grammercy restaurant shines in almost every category.  I've had one so so experience out of six with an over cooked entree and I'm writing it off as a fluke. I feel it is one of the top 30 or so in the city and a solid 5 stars.  Service and decor are helped by great table placement while the menu provides many excellent if not adventurous dishes.  The quality of preparation and presentation will leave you with a feeling of appreciation for the kitchen staff.
I didn't want to like it.  A New York "institution", almost prohibitively expensive, eating with coworkers that I barely interact with, namedropping at the door...all things I hate, yet somehow, I still ended up having fun and enjoying the food.   The department holiday party at an internship I took purely for the money (because I really didn't learn anything) began with dinner at Gramercy Tavern and ended with an Usher concert at MSG -- very strange when you consider the demographics of a HR department in a financial services company.  Anyhow... For dinner, we all got the 3-course tasting menu ($88) and I got to sample a few different things off of my fellow intern's plate.  Also, thanks to one of my coworker's namedropping, we got like 4 extra appetizers and desserts!  I estimate it's 70% less douchey when you get free stuff from it...I could wax poetic about all of the food but I won't do it justice because my best adjectives are "awesome", "meh", and "sadface" so I'll just list what I had along with one of these adjectives: - Croquette of olive tapenade on shaved Parmesan cheese (amuse): Awesome! - Venison tartare: Awesome. - Trout appetizer: Awesome on the verge of meh.   - Duck fettuccine: Very awesome.  Very. - Ruby red shrimp and polenta: Meh (but pretty). - Arctic char: Awesome. - Sturgeon (I think) on pea soup stuff: Awesome! - Orange jelly with pomegranate seeds, ricotta, and meringue (palate cleanser): AWESOME!! (Please feel free to send me a bucket.) - Peanut butter semifreddo and chocolate macaron: Awesome. - Apple pie a la mode with caramel sauce: AWESOME.  surprisingly - Cheesecake: meh - Chocolate bread pudding: Awesome!! (I think there was another cake-like dessert but I don't remember it anymore.) The restaurant was beautifully decorated for Christmas with ornaments hung about and about a forest-full of pine-needled centerpieces.  The clean white snow that started falling half way through dinner really made me appreciate the guy that cleans the huge windows. The waiters were super friendly (possibly because of the namedropping) and gave great recommendations for wine pairings with each of our courses.  By the end of dinner, I was full and probably a little too tipsy for an office party.  All in all, a great meal! I really didn't want to like this place, but damn, they do a good job of winning you over...
My boy had two (yes, two) $24.07 gift cards from Restaurant Week and invited me. Why? He had 2 lunches (at the same time) last time, that's why. That's how we roll. Anyway, this time we sat in the formal Dining Room area. Biased that I am, I usually like my meats/fishes charred and unmessed with. I want to taste the essence of what I am eating, especially the main ingredient. Masking the taste is a copout way of veiling subpar food IMO. That said, this victory wasn't as flawless as last time. My sea bass was drenched in sauce which I could do without (MINUS ONE STAR). I would have preferred a thick white puffy cloud instead of a fillet style sea bass as well. My friend had the butternut squash soup for a starter and the sea bass as well. You can't win them all, but at least we got a discount off the bill with the GCs. Service was still great though. Bread - Sourdough, Regular, Olive - even better selection than last time, chunks of olives in the bread, butter was amazing -Smoked Trout ($14) [cippollini purée and pickled onion vinaigrette] - super tender, tasted the fresh sea in this, very good -Sea Bass ($22) [spaghetti squash, walnuts and sherry sauce] - doused with sauce, a dealbreaker for me, I left 1/2 of the veggies untouched Total came out to $20 after everything Pics: meetup.com/teamfoodie/ph…
Ate here in the dining room in early December with a friend. Food was good. Not the best I've had for that price range but still enjoyable. Service was perfect, never without bread or water. Ambiance is what you would expect from this kind of restaurant, couples and business professionals, not too loud not quiet, and nice but fun. Lighting was good, I didn't have a flash on my camera but was still able to take pretty decent pictures of my food. (what do you expect? I'm asian, that's what we do!) My favorite dish was the smoked trout. The rest was good to okay, but if I can't remember them then were they really that good? In any case, the experience was nice and I think next time I would do the bar so I can just order one good dish instead of the 5 course.
Roaches and flies. Sanitation grade C.
So for millions-ok thousands-ok! Hundreds of people in the city who have still not lost their "Veg"inity ;) ...it is always difficult to find an upscale restaurant that does fantastic tasting portions! I know the pain and I write on their behalf. This place nails it! Let me start with the food because that is undoubtedly the best part about this *legendary* establishment. I have lost count of the food courses that form a part of the tasting menu, but every course had just the right amount of "zing". I think a plate has five essential elements - presentation, flavors, freshness Of the ingredients, portion size and taste. All of these five elements are equally balanced in every dish at the Tavern. The wine list! Is pretty exhaustive! Period. The ambience and the way this place is done up is old school; it feels very warm and inviting without being pretentious. Dark wooden floor at any restaurant is always a brownie point! Having said that, I would have wished for the tables to be laid out a little far from each other. One would expect that from a Michelin starred place. The wait staff knows their food and service is very close to impeccable. However, the bar staff looks over worked (May be I am judging! Or it was because of the Friday evening) In any case, I had to wait for seven odd minutes just to be handed over the drinks menu!) Needs improvement - for sure. They say, people bond best over food :) and wine! So if you looking for a fantastic dining experience with one of your favorite people, you should definitely book a table at     Gramercy Tavern. (Though remember to book a month in advance! Yes that's the time it takes. Thankfully for me, my friend booked it! And don't fret over loosening up the purse strings for once - because you will be handed a big fat cheque at the end).
Incredible hot chocolate martini-comes highly recommended and is worth very drop. Ambiance and cuisine is farm-to-table.  Go.
I wish i could give you 6 stars.  This place was fantastic.  We were lucky enough to sit in the front area and save about 60% of our bill. The Meatball is amazing (One giant meatball fille with cheese). But to be honest, they make the best chicken breast i have ever had. They suvee the chicken breast so it is extremely moist and tender but cooked, then they flash sear it on a wood flame to create a contrast of textures with crunchy and moist (Friggin Amazing) and only 18 bucks!  They served the chicken break over a chicken stock reduction sauce.  The waiter explained that they don't use butter or any thickening agents, but they reduce stock by about 80% just to go some perfect pure tasting broth.  Damn it was delicious. Wines - I hate drinking wine at restaurants because they usally aren't very good, or they are ridiuclkously overpriced, or you have to buy a whole friggin bottle. Gramercy does wine correct.  Every wine we had was phenomenal (Cab, Rose, Pinot, Zin, Champagne).  They let you purchase half glasses which is awesome!  You can definitely tell that they put a lot of effot into making sure every wine is superior.  The same goes with their cheeses as they get tons of imported cheese.   I wish i could give you 6 stars!
Went there on a Thursday night. We had the Menu along with the wine pairing. Had a good time with a good food and good service. Check came for $200 for a party of 2. Seems pricey but was a good experience though. Nice spot.
Echoing what everyone's already said, this place has incredible service.  I mean, seriously.  I have never met waiters who are more on-top of their game.  I think they all went to etiquette school.  It's unreal.   Food is fantastic if you're into the whole New American thing.  They go a little too heavy on the odd meats for my taste.  If I were into this genre of food, I'd probably be giving Gramercy Tavern 5 stars.  I'm just not into it, but that's just me. The service, though, is divine.  I can't say it enough.
Such a wonderful dining experience! The service was so very attentive and polite. I was not wowed by the bread, but everything else made up for it. We ordered the duck terrine onion and pistachio marmalade. Very tasty! I would have this again. For the entrees, we each ordered different plates so I got to try several. Sea scallops baby beets and bacon - sooo good. The scallops had this delicious grilled taste, and the beets had a little yogurt. Yum! Stuffed meatball parsnip puree, onions and red wine - this was good, the meat was tasty, but I would try something new before ordering this again. Smoked kielbasa, fingerling potatoes, sauerkraut and grain mustard - this dish wasn't as good as I expected it to be. The sausage was memorable, if a bit lean. It was good, just not WOW good. Chicken, butternut squash, carrots and crosnes - this was surprisingly good. I thought it would be boring. I don't know what spices they used, but it was delicious! I'd definitely have this again. So if I had to rank them, I'd say 1. chicken 2. scallops 3. kielbasa and 4. meatball. In general, they were all delicious and satisfying :) For dessert, we had their ginger, cinnamon sour cream and milk chocolate coconut ice creams. They were paired with some little cookies. The milk chocolate coconut was my favorite. I'd order this again! Thank you Gramercy Tavern for being a restaurant that really cares :) We appreciate your down-to-earth treatment and look forward to returning again and again!
I really liked this place! I usually do not eat pre fix menus that much but this restaurant had an extraordinary vegetable tasting menu and i had the good luck to try it ! It was 7 courses and very filling. :) The boy brought me here for a special occasion-- both my bday and my anniversary dinner with him. It was a nice place to hold it, i must admit. :) The meal started with a raw scallop and it was really tasty! Very great start to a great evening.  Then i remember the bok choy with spinach puree standing out on my end along with the spinach angel hair dish. The warm vegetables that came between teh angel hair dish and the bok choy were good but not extraordinary. I really enjoyed  the chocolate bread pudding dessert and also the chocolate mousse dish that the boy had which also had granola and fruit on it for a really unique, sweet and wonderful taste! I will be back! I really had a pleasant experience. Service was excellent as well as the food. Was expensive but worth it for the occasion. :)
My favorite restaurant in New York. The quality of the food and the knowledge and professionalism of the staff is unmatched by any other place I've dined. I've been numerous times and will continue to do so. I try to go year round as their menus change with the season. The drink menu is superb (changes with the seasons also, my favorite drink is the "Fall Classic" served over ice) and the ambiance is great. If you're a foodie, as my girlfriend and I are, you will definitely enjoy Gramercy Tavern.
Years ago, John H. hung out with a wise and generous construction company owner, who taught him a thing or two about travel. Since I was driving and he was paying, I learned some of his unspoken rules, such as, a.) Plan your route around at least one good restaurant, and b.) Eat there as early as possible, because one never knows what opportunity might present itself later. Subconsciously, these "rules" probably were at work when I planned my Flatiron foray around lunch at GT. It's not the newest (been around since 1994, according to its website), but it is a perennial "top ten," and Chef Michael Anthony had just been announced as a James Beard Award finalist for "Best Chef - NYC." I arrived during the noon hour, took a seat at the bar, and received a glass of water, drink menu, tavern menu, butter, and a fresh bread slice. After listening to the specials, I decided on the "soup and sandwich." But this was not just any soup and sandwich. The soup was butternut squash, with a creamy nutty herbal goodness that I cannot explain nor even imagine how to reproduce. The sandwich was shaved ham, blue cheese aioli, red cabbage, pickled green apple shavings (I think), on focaccia, cut into two triangles, and it was delicious. Accompanied by Founders Centennial IPA, it was a perfect lunch. But this experience was not over. I struck up a conversation with another tavern patron who had recently visited St. Louis, who knew about some of our fine dining options, but was only dimly aware of yelp. Thus, I decided to order dessert - apple pie a la mode - and spend some time furthering my fellow diner's education.  During my 90+ minutes at GT, not only did I have a great lunch, but also managed to win another yelp convert, I believe. My work here being done, I settled my tavern tab, and left my new friend looking deeply into his yelp mobile app.
My friends were legally married at City Hall one beautiful Friday, and they invited close friends to join them and witness the occasion together with their parents.  To celebrate the happy event, they made a reservation at Gramercy Tavern for all 13 of us and we had lunch there. The bride and groom were characteristically late, even to their own marriage registration, which I and their other friends found pretty funny.  But this was their day, so we can't be angry.  We had to move the reservation back by more than an hour, and the restaurant was actually able to accommodate this, despite the size of our party and the last-minute change of time.  By the time we arrived there, it was basically brunch time, and they had our tables ready for us - they gave us two round tables.  Champagne was poured for everybody about a minute after we sat down.  Lunch at Gramercy Tavern offered us the option of either five dishes, including dessert, from a tasting menu, or dishes from a two-course menu, with seven or eight dishes to choose from for each of the two courses.  Since we had such a large party, we were encouraged to all choose one or the other option.  We collectively decided on the two-course menu, and I chose the Whole Spelt Spaghetti as the first course and the Roasted Hangar Steak as the second course. The sauce for the spaghetti dish consisted of tomatoes, artichokes, and orange.  Yes, orange.  The result was a citrus-flavour spaghetti.  I can't say it especially enhanced the flavour, but it certainly produced a unique tasting spaghetti dish.  The Roasted Hangar Steak came with fingerling potatoes, red russian kale, and bourbon sauce.  I had asked for medium rare, and unfortunately I thought it was more medium well instead.  The fingerling potatoes and kale were kind of bland, to be honest.  The portions for both of these dishes were very small, but then again, I suppose small portions are to be expected at a restaurant like Gramercy Tavern. For dessert we decided to order a few items to be shared: Pear Upside Down Cake, Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding, and Peanut Butter Semifreddo.  All were very good, but I must admit the semifreddo was my favourite.   I would love to give this restaurant more stars, especially since they were able to move our reservation on such short notice, but I really just was not that impressed with the food, considering the price tag.  I guess I don't really understand the high rating it has gotten.  Is this one of those restaurants where those four grandmas from Sex In The City like to have brunch in?
Cool, but not sure it's a top 5 though? Service is definitely a 5 if not more. Layout, ambience and location are 4's. The food itself was just meh, 3 at best for me. Sorry, flavor was ok, just didn't move me. May go back, doubtful though.
When you make your reservations don't forget there are 2 rooms.  The Tavern and The Dining Room.  The Dining Room is big and a bit noisy but had a nice energy and impeccable service. The bar area is busy but it took the bartender no time at all to get a drink in my hand. There are 2 tasting menus and both looked inviting.  Even though I am not a vegetarian I went for the vegetable menu.  A good choice!  I highly recommend the chilled melon soup.
Why five stars instead of four? GT's not the fanciest, not the cosiest, not even necessarily the best food I've ever had. But its reputation as one of the best overall restaurants in NYC is well deserved. I've been here three times over the past ten years and it keeps on getting better. They do a good job at presenting an impressive restaurant that's fun and strikes a good balance between casual and formal. If you're going to do the tavern in front, as opposed to the formal sit down area in the back with a separate menu, there's no reservations taken, so assume you'll have a brief wait at the bar, which is a combination of regulars from the nabe with a smart looking crowd from elsewhere that appreciates fine food and drink. Unlike some other restaurants, there's a good vibe at the bar. The mixologists keep a waiting list for bar chairs, which makes it a bit more civilized and less haphazard and competitive for scoring a seat. Patrons talk to each other, and the bartenders are pleasant. The wine list is extensive and most are available by the glass. The cocktails are well crafted and I'll recommend the Mantalban, which is two shots of Hedadura with a few juices that's a lovely drink. The service is impeccable, intelligent and friendly. Even though the restaurant is full, the maitre d's staff will remember you by name, find you at the crowded bar, and seamlessly move the experience to your table, where the waiter's staff continues the welcome feeling. Fabulous bread and butter, a terrific standard menu standard, and the three course prix-fixe is a deal. I had the shrimp salad and sea bass. My sweetheart had the squab. All highly recommended. For dessert we skipped the sweets and had the chef selection of cheeses. Impressive and delicious. Also, great coffee. The room is a bit on the loud side, but on the NYC restaurant noise spectrum, not bad at all. It comes across as lively.
We had a fantastic experience here!  Went for my boyfriend's birthday and it really felt like a special occasion from the minute we walked in the door.  The tavern in the front  of the restaurant is a little more casual than the dining room which consists of multiple rooms divided by beautiful drapes and containing white tablecloth-clad tables. Our coats were checked at the door and you can tell the place is elegant by the fact that people don't have their winter coats and gear all over the backs of their chairs.  Our server, Jason, was awesome.  I wanted a glass of Prosecco and typically they don't offer it by the glass, but I was able to get it anyway.  The menu was delicious and had something for everyone.  I'm not a vegetarian, but if I was, I would be very happy with the veg tasting menu which offered five veg courses...something you don't typically see. When I made the reservation (which is required for the dining room), I requested a little something special for my bf's birthday.  Upon arrival at the restaurant, I thought about confirming, but then realized that would not be necessary because this place has it all together and they don't miss a thing. I asked one of the female servers where the ladies restroom was and she escorted me all the way there instead of just pointing.  That was just above and beyond! There were a few, extremely well-behaved kids in the dining room, but I would not have been happy if there were kids screaming and running around.  (Those kids should kept at home until they can sit still at the dinner table.  :)  ) All in all, I completely recommend GT.  You won't get out the door for under $200 so just know that in advance.
I went here for my anniversary with my wife. Although you would think we would want the atmosphere of the "restaurant" side (white table cloth, etc.) we're young and enjoy the casual atmosphere of the bar. The food was AMAZING! I'm super picky and haven't historically ventured outside of the "safe" options, but when I'm at a restaurant that I know is suppose to have an amazing chef and great food, I will try anything. So we ordered the sweet bread having no clue what this would be. I still can't tell you what all was in it, except that there were some pieces of meat (update: turns out sweet bread is a delicacy that is otherwise known as the thymus gland or pancreas of the animal) and some veggies, and a sauce ... It was incredible! We ignorantly thought that we were ordering some sort of bread, you know, wheat or starch based product with yeast, baked in an oven ;) ... but this was way better than what we could have imagined. For dinner I went safe. Why, I don't know. But I did. I got the pork sandwich, which was excellent, but I wasn't surprised by anything. I guess I was hoping to find out there was something outrageous on there that would blow my taste buds away ... nothing, but it was very good none the less. My wife ordered the mushroom lasagna, which both parties to our right and left ordered and were both raving about. Again she was afraid at first that it wouldn't be exciting enough (it's lasagna), but wow, it was truly amazing. Flavors you don't normally find on lasagna, and perfectly made. We'd both highly recommend this dish to anyone. I hate mushrooms, and I loved it. So there is no excuse unless you're allergic to something in the dish ;)
this is my favorite restaurant in the world (as I know it). when I lived in Jersey, training the staff of a new restaurant, we would always end with a field trip to this place.  the service here is exactly how I view perfection.  the guest is genuinely loved, taken care of, and satisfied. Tom Colicchio and Danny Meyers' vision was put to life with the duality of a tavern(first come, first served) and dining room(s).  the two entities have different menus(one more expensive than the other), but still maintain identical qualities of artform, service, and cuisine. Tom is long gone, having pursued his TopChef judge "calling", and the restaurant remains a glorious inspiration of how things should be in this industry. Exec. Chef Michael Anthony and staff continue the legacy. the food...!...the delicate, lovely presentation provides a visually appealing entrance into plates filled with inviting aromas, evolving textures, and complex flavors.  four out of the five senses are delighted by the experience. wine enhances the experience, and is available by the glass or by the taste, depending on your palate's desire to stay still or move around.  and the list is always interesting and fresh. celebrate existence here.
The main dining room and the tavern room are two completely different experiences, both worthwhile in their own right. The dining room is formal and you will feel like royalty here.   Semi-full disclosure (as full as I can get on Yelp):  this is the only meal where an element was so good, it brought tears to my eyes.   I cried over the carrot soup here.  I'm not sure what that does for my Yelp credibility, but I will also say that I was a little buzzed on the free champagne provided.  It was to celebrate a special occasion that was indeed made more special by an otherworldly soup.   They will also replace, without question or fuss, any aspect of the tasting menu.  The dishes are simple ingredients, I got the feeling they weren't trying too hard to impress with fancy ingredients.  They were just executing good food, and doing it well.   This is as much as I will say about the main dining room.  That, and, if they mess up and give you and your dining partner the same dessert, they will more than make up for it by giving you both a serving of the second dessert on the house.   As for the tavern room, definitely a fun place to stop by for a nicer meal in a bustling atmosphere.  I think they changed their menu so that it's no longer $38 for three courses (a steal, it was like Restaurant Week prices but all the time).  It's more expensive now but still a nice option for checking out Gramercy without going to the dining room.  I haven't had a meal in the tavern that disappointed.  Cocktails are also amazing here - finding a spot at the bar is what's tough.   And Sour Cream ice cream?  If you're going to get it anywhere, get it here.
I decided to go old school New York for lunch on Saturday and ended up selecting Gramercy Tavern. It was a great choice. I was surprised that there was a (short) wait at 4pm but the place was bustling and cozy, made warmer by a variety of fresh pink flowers peppering the restaurant. The food was exquisite. I started with oysters and a glass of champagne. No complaints there! We also shared a shiitake mushroom tart with goat cheese which was one one of the best mushroom dishes I've ever had. The shiitake mushroom was so earthy and flavorful and the pastry it was served over was so light it practically elevated into your mouth for you. For a main course, I ordered the seafood chowder which I expected would be a cream based seafood soup with but it was actually served bouillabaisse style. The broth was made from a really nice fish stock and there were large pieces of all types of fish served over it. It was even better than I imagined when I ordered it. The desserts were a stand out. We shared the chocolate zucchini cake with clove ice cream and a warm blackberry tart. In addition, the hot chocolate was A-MAZING. I normally don't like hot chocolate that is too rich and thick; this was a frothy, perfectly calibrated beverage in terms of the chocolate/rich ratio. Overall, Gramercy Tavern is an ideal choice when you're in the mood for a proper lunch.
I have not been compelled to review a restaurant for a little while. The Gramercy Tavern compelled me to, with their excellent service and food. Out of all the plates that we had, I have to comment on their Mushroom Lagsane. Full of woody mushroom flavor, topped with a demi-glace and slivers of crisped garlic. I am salivating as I am writing about this. The sea bass was fresh, cooked well, with grilled asparagus that was cooked but crunchy, with mushrooms and an amazing mushroom puree. I think the chef may have forgotten to salt the seafood broth. But the moment we seasoned, the flavors popped. Unfortunately, it may have been half a bowl of broth too late. The duck salad is delicious. The fried oysters were wonderful. The pistachio brown sugar cake was ordinary after a wonderful chocolate cake with sour cream ice cream and hazelnut crumble. I am a fan.
This is a review for the front part of the restuarant (the Tavern part, if you will).  In short this is one of my favorite places to drink.  There is a short but well well chosen list of beers  and a very extensive list of liquors.  The service is very professional and not stuffy.  The pecans at the bar are a nice touch too...
I was on the fence between 3 and 4 stars and would have loved a 3.5 option for this one. Gramercy Tavern is certainly a legendary NY dining establishment. I first went almost 10 years ago and remember it being one of my favorite restaurants in NY at the time. The casual but elegant atmosphere, the perfectly prepared food, the service, etc. Would have certainly received 5 stars from me back then. Fast forward to now. While the food and service are still very good, I feel it's a bit dated and there are SO many great options in NY, it simply doesn't make the cut anymore. Breaking down the rating a little further: Service: 4 stars Food: 4 stars Atmosphere: 3 stars Uniqueness: 3 stars Sorry GT, I'll always have great memories, but not sure that I'll be motivated to go back anytime soon with so many amazing dining options to be had in NY these days.
The lovely girlfriend gets major points for taking me here for my birthday. For years I have referred to GT as "my favorite restaurant I've never been to." I'd walk past the crystalline 10-foot windows and stare in at the beautiful people with their beautiful food and impeccable lighting, feeling like an orphan child hiding in the shrubs of a Dickensian mansion while a warm Christmas-day turkey dinner unfolds inside. But last week I became a member of the mansion-dwelling elite. The food. Oh goodness the food. I had the trout appetizer. The trout was smoked and existed at this luscious midpoint between cooked and raw, where the flesh melts in your mouth. It sat on a bed of cippollini onions prepared three ways, one as a vinaigrette, one as a creamy puree, and one pickled with beet juice. The sheer creativity was amazing and, of course it was delicious to boot. The gf had the heirloom tomato tart with pickled watermelon (yes, you read that right) which was pretty much a perfect tart. My main was the rack of pork + belly, which was perfectly succulent and very rich. I kind of wish I had tried something a little more adventurous, or at least something I don't eat often, but on the other hand this was a known quantity done impeccably. The gf had the striped bass which tasted very good but I'm not generally a capable judge of fish. For dessert, I had the ice cream sundae with blueberry compote and toffee popcorn, which gave it a very pleasing crunch. I thought I wasn't going to like the decor of the backroom but it was actually very pleasant. There are many semi-partitions between the quadrants of the room so pretty much every table feels like a corner table, and you have little glimpses into the tavern and other rooms which makes it feel like you're spying from a secret corner and not just in one, loud room. The service was extremely capable without being overbearing, and Michael Anthony came out at the end of the meal to say goodnight, which was a great touch. A fantastic, five-star dining experience. Oh, I almost forgot! My cocktail, the New Deal was amazing -- rye with pickled greenmarket cherries. It was strong enough that the taste of the liquor still came through, but not at all difficult to drink.
Gramercy Tavern is the time tested benchmark for NYC restaurants.  I returned for the first time in over a decade and it hasn't lost a step. The room is elegant, spacious but still comfortable.  The service was excellent and attentive.   The open ravioli with beef and carrots and the pork loin with spicy carrots, leek hearts and white sweet potato were both terrific with a great combination of flavors in every bite.  Cocktails had were nicely crafted with generous pours.  Desserts were imaginative and satisfying. You really can't go wrong here.
This is a great restaurant. I went for lunch, had beautiful zucchini soup with curry, scallops with beets, and a very unusual dessert, a Chocolate Bacon Tart. If you put Chocolate and Bacon in the same sentence my taste buds go into hyperdrive,but in the same dish??  It was fabulous, even a little cream and bacon crumble on top, and a caramel drizzle on the plate. Everything was superb and price wasn't bad. It was dramatically better than my dinner the night before at Gotham Bar and Grill where the food was a bit boring and over-priced.  UPDATE: I have been here 2-3 times since and the food and service remain fantastic. The great thing about Gramercy is the staff is not at all snobbish when they could be and make you feel very welcome. Last month, had the tasting menu for lunch, beautifully done, sat across from Philip Seymour Hoffman, my favorite actor!!
My favorite in NewYork city! Went here to celebrate my birthday. This is my favorite restaurant in NYC. I visit just one time per year. Nice and warm place. Love sitting next to the kitchen fireplace and watching all the steps of the chef cooking. Good food. Good people working there. We'll see you soon.
Rustic but elegant - this is how Gramercy Tavern was described to me, and these are the words that resonated in my headwalls throughout a lovely leisurely lunch. The decor was pleasant and understated, with wide open windows and the feel of a well-lit, well-kept, well, tavern.  Service was gracious and prompt and never over-bearing. The food was good, but maybe an eighth-pitch short of ringing.  The bread - both the olive and the roll - was addictive.  I reached for that butter and salt more times than I care to admit.  For my meal, I went with the calamari and carrot salad, the sea bass, and the peanut butter semifreddo.  The calamari and carrot salad came with toasted pine nuts and a preserved lemon vinaigrette.  It was a bright, lovely dish with contrasting textures and an overall slipperiness that was interesting and rather nice.  The sea bass was well cooked but maybe a little boring.  Served with asparagus, bacon, and spring onions, it was enjoyable without a whole lot of pop - the bacon was finely cubed and lacked crunch, thereby losing a whole lot of bacon-ness that might have boldened the plate.  I was a tiny bit disappointed in the peanut butter semifreddo.  Not that I didn't consider licking the plate, but I enjoyed it much on the same level that I might enjoy anything with peanut butter and chocolate, that sinful marriage of sugar and fat to sugar and fat.  I suppose I was hoping for something with a little more salt contrast.  After the initial let-down, though, it was a great dessert, with a tasty chocolate macaron and candied peanuts to boot.  At the end of the meal came a sweet trio of mignardises - a wee raspberry macaron, an earl grey chocolate tartlette, and a lemon chocolate.  Cute and yummy. Though Tom Colicchio has apparently left the building, I like to pretend that I ate at his house because I love that guy.  I adore Thinking Like a Chef and admire his belief in quality ingredients and seasonal cooking.  Gramercy Tavern reflects Colicchio's core chef values - what are a few years and a total lack of residual affiliation next to that?
I heard that Gramercy Tavern was serving Blue Bottle coffee and decided to head over with my wife to check it out.   We arrived for lunch on a weekday.  The GT crowd was a good looking, well dressed lot.  Since we were a bit grubby (wearing jeans...shame on us) from schlepping all over the city, we figured we'd receive a bit of the stink-eye and get a table tucked away in a hidden corner.  Not so!   The hostess was warm and gave us a great table near the window.  We inquired about the coffee and she confirmed that they were indeed serving BB. What followed was a fantastic lunch of:  heirloom cauliflower (think purple and delicious), sea bream, and smoked kielbasa.  The kielbasa brought a little tear to my eye.  We drank a pinot blanc and an italian rose (nice wine and spirits list).  Our waitress was excellent. During lunch a very friendly and elegant looking man approached our table and introduced himself.  He was Scott, the GT manager.  The hostess had mentioned to him that we were fans of BB coffee.  We chatted briefly about the restaurant, he recommended a few other places to eat, and then (with a warning to us to save room for dessert) he was off. Fantastic guy! For dessert Scott sent out an ice-cream assortment to go with our espresso.  The espresso?  They did BB proud.  Delicious. All-in-all a great experience; can't wait to go back.   Scott et al -- bless you.
seriously guys? shit. best friggin meal i've had in a REALLY long time. no question about the stars on this one. lets walk through it together. this is gonna be a long one - Free on the Table - butter. that butter. butter that pulled apart and spread more like lardo. tiny crystals of salt that would surprise me and delight me. Amuse Bouche - a bite sized fried little morsel of potato with truffle. yummy little thing. Wine - A white burgandy -  hints of green apple & unripened pear. Appetizers - my smoked trout appetizer was perfectly cooked through. so moist. so flavorful. the pickled onions added immense flavor and really really complimented the fish. - the foie gras custard with plum compote? good enough to have as dessert. melts away in your mouth, and with each passing nanosecond, the "mm" noises leaving your mouth get louder and louder. the layers of flavor in that dish and the way it hits your tongue are insane. absolutely insane. - the lamb pappardelle was probably the least memorable of the 3 apps. i absolutely loved my trout, and was envious of the man with the foie gras next to me, but did not look back too many times at the pappardelle. Wine - Red Burgandy - the nose of a port. the taste of a pinot. perfect transition from the white burgandy - Brunello - need i say more. the second i took my first whiff, i knew i was in love. Entrees - venison loin & homemade sausages with a side of a potato pancake for everyone. are you freaking kidding me. the potato pancake looked like it came out of a pie-mold. i wanted to take the entire thing home. the homemade sausages were divine, and one of the more interesting things i've tasted in my day. the venison loin had very little gamey-ness, and was cooked moist & med rare. perfect. perfect perfect perfect!! Wine - Barolo - beautifully full and delicious. Dessert - Sardinian pecans with honey dipping sauce - 5 cheese platter - the one from wisconsin was amazing. and that caveman blue. man oh man i love those blue swirls. - chocolate bread pudding - SO good. bread pudding is one of my all time fave desserts, and this was one of the best i've ever had. - goat cheese cheesecake - terrrrrific. goat cheese was flavorful and apparent enough, but not toooo apparent for a cheesecake. - blueberry corn ice cream sunday with toffee popcorn - about as crazy as it sounds. - peanut butter semifreddo & chocolate macaroon - desserts with peanut butter nearly never go wrong 4.5 hours later, we finally got out of there. guys. in all honestly, the meal was so f-ing good that i feel like i got away with something really really bad. if only every meal could make me feel this horribly wonderful.
We had the chance to eat at Gramercy Tavern a few weeks back and were pretty pleased with with the experience. First of all, the service was truly impeccable. We ate in a private room and each person had their own personal server, who timed everything down to the second. All elements of the meal were in perfect synchronicity throughout the night. For example, all of the food was served at exactly at the same time, all the dishes were cleared at the same time, etc. It's obviously not a must at every single restaurant, but when you see it in action, it is rather impressive. As for the food, the technique was flawless. Everything looked great and was plated perfectly. However, the flavors were a bit on the dull side. Simply no soul at all. I got the butternut squash soup which was good, but very tame, almost flat. They added in a lot of vegetables which was nice, but it added almost nothing to the soup aside from texture. I also got the halibut with a potato puree. This too was good and very competently executed, but it just wasn't memorable. Finally, for dessert I went with the bread pudding, which was pretty good, but as with everything else, it was far from mind-blowing. As a dining experience, this place was quite a treat; nice atmosphere, great service, attractive plating, decent food. I definitely can see how some people would rate this place really high overall. But strictly speaking of food taste, I've had much better experiences at all sorts of restaurants. It's probably a bit uncouth, but I really feel as if I've been more moved eating a dog with everything at Gray's Papaya or a sloppy burger at the Parker Meridian than I was at Gramercy Tavern.
This place here was the only restaurant  where I had to come up with a master plan to get a table during Restaurant Week. I first tried the usual way by calling but they were booked solid. 2nd try:  called at 8:57 am - nobody answer since it was 3 mins early! 3rd try: 9:08 -9:15 am ---busy signal I was at my doctor appointment so I ended up calling my co worker to tell her to get on the computer ASAP and book a table. She got a table for us at 2 pm for lunch! Not GOOD ENOUGH...I decided to do it again at 9 am the very next day!  I succeeded and got us a table at 1 pm. Hooray!!! I like the ambiance and the atmosphere of this place!  Very nice and good mix of people! APPETIZER: I tried the risotto off of my co worker and it was really tasty! I went with the calamari salad with carrots and pine nuts since pine nuts are reminisce of my youth. I had the monk-fish---quite delicious!  I didn't care much for the pork croquette- a bit too heavy and nothing grand about it! Dessert was really good ---BREAD PUDDING has never been served so perfectly warm and with the perfect accompaniment of this delectable ICE CREAM----sorry I forgot the flavor but it was good and that is all you need to know! However, I know the ice cream flavor to the Chocolate Mousse has a bit of Grand Marnier! It was great but I am still not sure what is all the hype about! This place wasn't so off the charts that I should have to make an early reservation just to get a table! I would go back again, perhaps they will prove to me why they are so popular that you have to call 9 in the morning to get a table!
Super hard to get a reservation here! We booked a month in advance, and could only get a late lunch reservation!  We went here for the day after my husbands birthday lunch.   The place is beautiful, and the service was amazing!  My husband did the tasting menu, and i did a la carte, and most places don't let you do the tasting menu unless everyone at the table does it!  I had a Parpdelle with grilled cauliflower and broccoli, with a cream sauce and it was SO good :)  Couldn't be happier with my choice.   We did a sorbet sampler for dessert, and they gave him a birthday dessert as well, and it super yummy, and we got two different glasses of dessert wine, and the sommelier split them in two glasses each so we could both try them.   The service was amazing!
The service here is impeccable. I've been here twice and both times did the tasting menu with different people. Food is delicious, though a bit on the salty side to me. A part of me wants to give them 4 stars just for the over seasoning, but seriously.. that service! How odd is it that my most memorable part of a dining experience is their staff, and not their food? Excellent food, but top notch staff! Kudos to you all!
This place is absolutely impeccable. I came here with my boyfrand for a special occasion. We were greeted with free sparkling wine. We had the tasting menu for 88 bucks each, but they kind of hooked us up with a bunch of additional items. I wanted to cry or screech or high five with each bite. This is the real difference between expensive dinner and holy sh*t expensive dinner. The flavors were unique and so balanced. The science behind the food and flavors is so obvious. They brought us cauliflower custard, which I would have never ordered, but wow was it something. There was roe and truffles and it was so decadent and special. I had a scallop pasta special appetizer and he had the smoked trout. Both were excellent. You know, the kind of food you take a bite and just look at the person you are with like HELL YEAH but don't want to take the time to say it because you want another bite. No, you don't do that? Never mind, moving on... Were were brought an additional squash pasta and pork and sausage bolognese, both of which were on the house. We would not have ordered these on our own either, but they were EXCELLENT. These both sound so normal but they are not. The flavors are so intense, it is something I really have not tasted in most of my dining experiences. Our main meal, and now we are feeling a little scared of all the food left to come, was lamb for him and Artic Char for me. Both cooked perfectly. Both insanely good. I feel like we got a million desserts. We started with a small panacotta to share, then bread pudding, then chocolates and macaroons and then ...THEN!! they gave us a muffin all wrapped up to take home. Whaaat?? More tomorrow? Yes, please. The service was great. Everything is exactly in the place it should be. A small army waits on each table, making sure every part of the meal is perfect. If it is a special occasion, let them know with your reservation. They will really take care of you. You will drop a TON on dinner, especially if you feel all fancy and get a bottle of wine and other drinks. But it is worth the experience if you can swing it. Our bill was over 300 bucks so be prepared.
It's amazing how you can read the description of an item on a menu, and think "meh." And then when it comes to the table, you still think, "meh." But finally, when you take a forkful of it and place it in your mouth, you are so blown away that you just have this look of shock on your face and think, wow, that was probably the most amazing forkful of ANYTHING I've eaten in my life. That's what happened when some coworkers and I came here for a vendor outing. My food snob coworker and I both thought, meh. And when we both took a bite, we both looked at each other thinking how wrong we were to pre-judge. This is in reference to the calamari and carrot salad. Who ever thought something that sounded so plain could be one of the most amazing salads in my life. The entire dining experience was amazing, but this dish is what I remember the most. Excellent service, too, and pretty decor.
Okay.  I get the hype.   Well, perhaps hype's not the right word.  Merit may be better.  Gramercy is A GEM.  A grand and fittingly polished gem.  This place moves like a seasoned skater.  But it doesn't lack soul or breed pretentiousness.   For a five-star meal, go here.  For a five-star cocktail, go here.  For five-star service, go here.  For five-star ambience, sensory experience....you get the point.   Gramercy makes a lot of money.  This is apparent down to its seasonal decor.  So beautiful, opulent--yet understated--and refined it makes me delighted just to be there.  I won't bore you with the details of our meal--it's been a few weeks since the last  so my memory isn't as vivid--but I will assure you that you will have one of the best meals in the city you have ever had here... Or if you're a hard-to-impresser, at least one of the best you've had in a while.  The cocktails are all outstanding (especially the one with Patron), the wine list stellar.  Desserts, check.  Everything, all the way.   Gramercy, you deserve all the accolades.  Bravo.
I came here for lunch on a Thursday with a friend and we both had the tasting menu.  For $55, this is a steal.  There were at least 4-5 courses, each one uniquely prepared and delicious!  Not a huge fan of the interior decorating though.
You know, those people with two left feet, two left hands, four left eyes and a large nose? That's me. I'm the reason restaurants have carpeted floors - so all the silverware I generously drop on to the floor doesn't go clinkety-clonk through dinner. Well, I owe it to Gramercy Tavern for making me feel like a lady when I ate there last fall, unobtrusively picking up after the trail of napkins and forks and knives. Maybe they even arranged the napkin on my lap - I didn't even realize it. The ambience is beautiful and they arranged a lovely vegetarian tasting menu for us. The butternut squash ravioli, bursting with fall colours and flavour, stood out the most. Overall, it was a satifying meal. Not fantabulous, but satisfying. I also owe it to pastry chef Nancy Olsen for her top 15 cupcake picks of NYC - would've never tried Chika's amazing banana cupcake without you!
I went here for lunch last weekend (no reservations, and we didn't have to wait) and was bowled over by the tastiness of the food and the impeccable service. This is one of those places where your water glass is filled before you think to ask and your straw wrapper disappears moments after you put it down. The food was beautiful and delicious. I had the meatball entree -- it was one large, glorious, perfectly-seasoned beef/pork meatball, cut in half, the inside stuffed with a little fontina cheese and surrounded by the most silken whipped potatoes. If it wasn't such a classy place, I would have been tempted to lick the plate.
Lunch in the front room here is one of the best values in New York. Almost every entree is around $20 and you know it will be spectacular. They have a daily soup/sandwich special that has yet to disappoint---every time the flavors just come together perfectly. Honestly, have never had anything there that was not perfectly executed. Service is beyond reproach. Even when they are slammed and making you wait a few minutes for a table, you get the feeling it's because they legitimately can't seat you, not because they are being pretentious. Beer list is expensive but at least they give you some really out-there bottles for $10-12. Better than $8 Bud Lights at other places in the hood.
What can I say about Gramercy Tavern that hasn't already been said... I've been here 3 times and every experience has been better than the last. Danny Meyer, you are a genius! From the food to the service to the ambiance, Gramercy Tavern doesn't miss a beat. The tasting menu is definitely the way to go here. I also love when the servers are knowledgeable and can describe a dish so vividly you feel like you can taste it. Probably the greatest thing Gramercy Tavern has done for me though was introduce me to Blue Bottle Coffee, a San Francisco institution that's finally made its way to New York. I tried the cold-brewed blue bottle iced coffee and was instantly hooked. Thank you Gramercy Tavern!! I will be back for a 4th time very soon!
Perfection in dining is rarely acheived but every once and a while a place lives up to the hype and every dining detail exceeds your expectation, the Gramercy Taver was one fo those places. We dined in the tavern, where everything is a la carte. I was surprised by the reasonable pricing for such fine comfort food. Our server, Daniel, and the other runners that assisted were top notch. Every detail was taken care of, our glasses of water never got close to being empty. The server was happy to offer reccomendations on the expansive beer and wine list. If I even started to look around the restaurant someone was there to see what I needed. On to the food: Calamari & Carrot Salad - They were happy to split this appetizer without us  even asking. My date described it perfectly, she said it was like a ceviche without any of the liquid. It was so good and the pine nuts added a very nice flavor to this dish Smoked Kielbasa - The host told us that this was one of their signature dishes as they make the kielbasa in house. You could really taste how fresh it was, some of the best ever. It came with a side of fingerling potatoes Meatball - One giant meatball covered in cheese over a potato puree, words cannot describe how good this meatball is. Cheese Plate - So, I'm not so good at describing cheeses but I can tell you that they have a great selection. I was impressed to see one of my all time favorite gourmet cheeses, Epoisses. As a side note the tavern is first come first serve and gets busy very very early. We sat pretty quickly when we got there at 5PM on a Wednesday but within 20 minutes there appeared to be a substantial wait.
Went here with a special lady friend and I must say, this place definitely lives up to it's reputation amongst the great dining destinations in the big apple.  Walking in, there's definitely a sense of old-fashioned high-society class and charm minus the smugness and pretentiousness often found in more modern high-end dining establishments.  We were promptly seated in a table in the formal dining room (prix fixe menus) whereas there is also a more casual tavern area where one can order a la carte.  The staff situated us in the back wall where we had a panoramic view of the entire dining hall and a glimpse of the kitchen.   Our server greeted us with a syncopated inflection reminiscent of the automated movie guy when you call for movie times, which initially weirded us out but eventually won us over as the night wore on.  We each started out with one of their signature Tavern cocktails and they definitely had a good balance of being strong yet drinkable with multiple unique notes given the attention to detail they pay to each specific component (e.g. the Ruby Rye= Old Overholdt Rye, Campari, Ruby Grapefruit) Being unable to decide between the regular prix fix and the seasonal tasting menu (usually requiring minimum of 2), the server was kind enough to allow us to choose one of each as well as pick desserts off of each menu.  Our dishes consisted of the following: 1)Fluke tartare with radish and caviar- the mild fresh sashimi paired with the saltiness of the caviar and crunch from the radish served as a brilliant start to the meal. 2)Ruby Red Shrimp with heirloom beans and brussel sprouts-  did not expect shrimp could be prepared to a rarefied consistency straddling between raw and cooked, and the choice of the two vegetables provided nice contrasts in texture and color. 3)Clam Chowder with celery root and smoked trout roe- good luck finding this rendition in Boston, the fisherman's soup has never reached such heights of decadence 4)Halibut with carrot, cabbage, and calimari- beautifully cooked fish where the texture is so uniformly tender and flaky I suspect it may have been prepared sous- vide, this dish could sneak onto the menu across town at Le Bernardin and nobody would notice 5) Seabass with sherry walnut sauce atop spaghetti squash 6) Duck dumplings with turnip/black kale These two dishes were problematic for the both of us- perhaps it was our mistake to anticipate the flaky buttery chilean seabass, but this is in all likelihood the black seabass found along the east coast, regardless the texture and flavor were reminiscent of catfish, which I love deep-fried being from the south, but it seemed quite ordinary on this menu.  Referencing the South once again, the duck filling inside this dumpling had a "pulled pork" consistency, which didn't seem to match up well with the dumpling format.  While this easily could have been an easy deduction of one star, the staff more than made up for it since even though we merely left them unfinished without a single complaint, multiple folks came by offering to replace the dish or remove it from our bill and even asked specifically what we disliked about the dish.  Despite our attempts politely declining their generosity, they nonetheless removed the drinks tab and gave us an additional discount on our final bill. 7) Desserts: Poached pear with chocolate mousse and pistachio ice cream + Coconut mousse with passion fruit sorbet and fresh passion fruit and coconut meringues- both outstanding but the latter was unbelievably refreshing and a perfect end to the meal.   Bonus: a few more added small treats and a take home gift-wrapped cinnamon oatmeal muffin for each of us to enjoy as breakfast the next day. In summary, the only weak aspect of the meal became a mere afterthought since their outstanding service and attention to their customers reflected a true understanding and emphasis on providing a positively memorable experience, and in this regard, they exceeded our expectations completely.  Definitely an ideal locale to experience while in NYC either with close friends or loved ones.
Loved Gramercy Tavern! The ambiance was fabulous- I felt comfortable right when I sat down. I went with a friend for lunch and sat at the bar. Jeremy, the bartender, was AMAZING. The food and drinks, spectacular. I would definitely suggest this to everyone- lunch or dinner!
Hands down my favorite place to dine.  I have been here many times and never had a bad (or average) experience.  The food, service and vibe is sublime.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in NYC. We did the food & wine pairing, The food was outstanding as was the wine. The service was spectacular too. The place itself is a bit pretentious and the hostess was slightly rude but the food is so outstanding, I quickly forgot about her mannerisms. I want to go back so bad, but it's so pricey!
I swoon over Gramercy Tavern. I still have the memories of the decadent 6 course Spring lunch tasting menu ($58) lingering in my tongue.  Let me count my memorable dining experience: 1. King crab--sweet, tender crab meat lightly seasoned with celery and radish.  It tasted like it was just caught from the sea. 2. Lobster--about 2-3 pieces of lobster 3. Arctic char--My absolute favorite of it all.  Cooked perfectly so that it melted in my mouth.  So good. 4. Rabbit thigh--wrapped in bacon and stuffed with spinach and mushrooms.  My fiance's favorite.   5. Brioche french toast (dessert)--My mother-in-law to be makes good French toast, but I'd have to say this one beats hers (sorry auntie!). Its so fluffy and light. 6. Sorbet trio--light and refreshing 7. Service--impeccable.  Not one detail missed.  It's the kind of service that gives you new utensils for every dish and the kind that folds your napkin the moment you stand up. For those of you who like large meals, the tasting menu doesn't give you that.  It gives you a taste of each course and it's enough to leave you feeling satisfied but not overbearingly full.   Overall, I absolutely love Gramercy Tavern and would come back here in a heartbeat.
We didn't make a reservation for the Tavern and thought we'd have to wait about an hour but only sat for 20 minutes before we were led to our table. The food was delicious and very reasonably priced. They also had a huge selection of speciality beers (I had the 'Double Bastard', which was remarkably good) - in addition to its comprehensive list of wines and cocktails. Garnishing station is in plain view of the seating area, a nice touch. Overall the vibe was very warm and lively, will be coming back in the near future.
Let me start by saying the overall experience was a 5 star evening. Our waiter was excellent, very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list. It is a moderately loud venue, but very comfortable. The food was very good, but for the price paid I cannot give it a 5 star rating The lamb was very good and sea bass also was very good.  Overall, you cannot go wrong. You should be aware there are two sections, a price fixed menu and a non-price fixed menu section depending on our mood and preference.
With all of the "Kim and Kourtney Take NY" and "The City" as shown by Laguna Beach.... it's easy to think that NYC is just glitz and glam, and everything gaga-riffic. And then you walk into a place like Gramercy Tavern, and you are reminded why New York City is considered the pinnacle of American high society. This is dining out as it should be, as it always has been in old NY, and as everyone should experience at least once. This was the perfect old New York night out. Luckily for me, my better half decided to surprise me with an early birthday dinner here. Top 10 NY restaurant, yes please. We couldn't get reservations, but wandered in at 9:30pm on a Saturday evening, and got a table in the dining room with NO PROBLEM, and NO WAIT. Someone had cancelled, and they had enough space. *Tip: always try the walk in, you never know if it will be your lucky day!* There are 2 dining options. The Tavern (a la carte dining) and the more formal dining room (prix fix menus and tasting menus only), which is what we went with. The 5 course $116 menu was a little daunting for me, so we opted for the traditional 3-course prix fixe at $88/pp. I started with something that everyone on yelp was raving about -- a Smoked Trout appetizer. I was really unsure about this one, because I hate smoked fish usually, and I don't love trout, but OH MY GOD, this dish silenced me. It was not smoky at all, and tasted so rich and fatty (like toro/fatty tuna if you like sushi), while still being light and perfect. I don't know what the sacues under the filet were, but they might as well have been crack they kept me licking my chops. Get this. My boyfriend had the carpaccio, which was good -- strong citrus flavors, which I like. He also had the Sea Bass entree, which was a mediterranean bass, drizzled in a walnut sauce, which was good but not life changing yet. My red snapper, on the other hand, WOW. Plated perfectly in a light reduction of bacon and beets, this was savory, salty perfection. Amazing. The fish was so soft, I'd think I was eating a Chilean Sea Bass. The sear on the fish was immaculate. Chinks of fish pulled off in little meaty chunks of perfection to pick up the flavors of the reduction. For desert, I went with the 3 cheeses picked by my server, and they were amazing. My boyfriend went for the chocolate bread pudding. When has chocolate bread pudding EVER gone wrong. All in all, I had an amazing experience, and loved everything about this place. Loved the food, and my dinner date. Would definitely come back, if only to remind myself about why NY is so magical.
Our last night in NYC, I wanted to go eat at a fancier place and since Gramercy Tavern was on the list of restaurants to try, we decided to eat there for dinner. We already mentioned we will sit at the Tavern area rather than the dining area since it cost less. At first, we were worried we would not be able to get in with our sticky sweat on our faces from the humidity, and wearing shorts and tank/tshirt but to my surprised, they seated us. Even though the waitress gave us a look, she still had a smile on her face. The decor is contemporary with fresh flowers around the tavern. It is definitely a cozy place to sit, relax and enjoy a nice meal. We started out with the calamari salad and pickled cauliflower with pastrami. The calamari was tender and full of flavored from the dressing. The pastrami was thinly sliced and complimented the pickled cauliflower perfectly. For my entree, I ordered the Halibut. It was moist and flaky. The dish was nicely presented. I have to mention, I think their ice tea is one of the best I have ever had. It was light and didn't taste like it was from a Lipton tea bag. It even came with simple syrup that you can add to the tea besides basic sugar. I have never gotten simple syrup with my ice tea before and I loved it. We ordered the chocolate pudding and strawberry pie to share. They were both really good and a great way to end a the meal and night. The service was excellent considering we weren't dress nice. Our waitress treated us with the same respect as all the other patrons. This was definitely a great last meal in NYC.
Not sure what the fuss is all about! May need to give it another try
Had dinner at the bar last night. Had two glasses of the sauvignon blanc excellent!  I had the chicken liver mousse and the sweetbreads amazing!!
Oh mah gawd. This was definitely one of the best meals I have had in my life. My mom and I stopped in for a late lunch during the week before I headed to the airport. We sat in the tavern area, and even though you can see the street from your table, the space is so relaxing that you feel like you're not in the city anymore. The wine list had great choices, and I was also impressed with the beer choices on tap. We started off with the kale salad. If every salad tasted this good, I would probably be a vegetarian. Or at least eat more veggies. Neither of us was too hungry, so we decided to share an entree- the butternut squash lasagna. I think I could eat this everyday and not get sick of it. The lasagna was perfectly cooked with the little crunch edges that everyone loves. It was light, but also filling and hearty. Figuring this was my last meal of vacation, I decided I had to get dessert. I like more fruity desserts compared to chocolate, so I went with the Lemon Icebox Pie. But when the waitress came out, she came out with all 3 desserts (by the way did I mention our waitress was AH-MAZING!)- the Lemon Pie, an Apple Pie, and the Cheesecake. Even though my mom and I were pretty full at this point, we still ate all 3 desserts. Even though I originally ordered the Lemon Pie, I think the Cheesecake was my favorite. It was definitely the best cheesecake I've ever had, but you really can't go wrong with any of those desserts. I would gladly eat them again. The worst part of my experience? Having to leave. I seriously want to eat here everyday for the rest of my life.
Heather H. brought me (and a million other people) here for Restaurant Week, and I have to say, she was not exaggerating about how great it is. It's no doubt one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. Service: Fantastic! Friendly and attentive but not in-your-face. Atmosphere: High-class but also inviting and unpretentious. Food: OMG SO GOOOOOD Get the chocolate bread pudding! And thanks, Heather! :-)
Really heartbroken by our experience here. Visiting from Chicago - stopped in just for a good cocktail before dinner. Host mdade us wait to sit at the bar, which was fine.... then he directed us to the far end of the bar, which had some spaces opening up. The couple that had been sitting there offered us their seats. (So nice, thanks!!) We were then informed by not one, but two, rude bartenders that there was a WAIT LIST to sit at the bar and we would have to get up... I explained the host had directed us to those seats at the bar - and the bartender (rude one #1), said "excuse me??" I repeated myself and he said, "well sorry about that..." Husband and I left - our money is better allocated at other friendlier bars. :)
not sure what the hype was all about, wasn't impressed. had reservations in the main dining room, but it looked stuffy so we chose to stay in the bar, after asking the bar tender if its ok. after looking at both menus we decided to stay in the bar, she said no worries. we were then approached by hostess who said our original table was ready. we thanked her, and said we are going to stay in the bar, she rolled her eyes and said "you're welcome." had the butternut squash lasagna and arctic char. both were delish, good, interesting flavors, lived up to the hype. 4 stars for food, 3 stars for service. the person filling our waters and bringing out our food were the nicest the whole night  :( bartender wouldn't talk to us unless she had to. it was awkward, could feel that she was annoyed to be helping us b/c she was sweet as pie to the person right next to us. she wasn't that busy, as we watched her and her colleagues make new drinks to try, fix the broken diswasher, etc. meh. i dont plan on returning.
We arrived for our four-top reservation on a Friday night 1.5h late due to horrendous traffic coming into the city -- by calling and checking in with them every 15 minutes, they kept our reservation for us. So greatly appreciated! Already started off on a good note and we hadn't even been seated yet. Prompt, attentive service. Ordered prix fixe for the table. Everything was enjoyable, from the carrot juice amuse bouche to a delightful warm lobster salad and the muffins they send you home with at the end of your meal. The only thing I didn't particularly enjoy was the dessert, which was a tapioca mango pudding - strange consistency with a crumbly topping, and no real flavor. I would definitely come back to try the a la carte menu next time we're in the city for dinner.
Finally went to Gramercy Tavern, after a good year of trying to find the right time. Friends from LA were in town and made reservations this past Monday so took care of my indecision for me.  I was seriously undressed in sneakers and jeans, but luckily they sat us since we had reservations (though the manager or host did give me the stare down). The atmosphere and decor is geared more towards the stuffy side, but wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be. Although the restaurant was filled with older suits there were a bunch of younger professionals inside the restaurant. As far as the food goes, you have three choices in terms of the type of prix fixe menu, the standard 3 course for $82 or the seasonal tasting menu ($116 or something) and a vegetarian one for $88. We all went with the standard menu and I chose the grilled octopus appetizer, which was nothing note worthy, though the portions were fairly small. For the entree I got the halibut, which was again fairly good, but not great. My friends got the pork with foisgras, which I tried...   and liked more than my halibut. I also sampled some of the lobster, which was also very good. I think where Gramercy Tavern excels and differentiates itself from other high end restaurants is the desserts and service. We all chose something different. Our server suggested the warm chocolate bread pudding, which I found to be surprisingly good, but too filling. We also ordered the pineapple upside down cake, chocolate tart and the coconut tapioca. The latter was probably the consensus favorite in it's originality and taste.  About the service, as it seems all of the reviewers have mentioned, it was far and above the best service I've ever had. Thorough would be an understatement, which I hear is the calling card of a Danny Meyer restaurant. Servers were always omnipresent yet not visible and lurking (like it is at some restaurants). The food runners came in unison with each course of our prix fix meal. Definitely worthy of a Michelin star.
The Gramercy Tavern is top-class hospitality. I could feel the difference. Relaxed and honest, our waitress did excellent work in "pacing our meal" making sure we could "figure out" the menu. Each flavor in the Brussels Sprouts, Kale, and the Cobia was pure and pronounced. Perfection! Our foursome had a tardy fifth-comer. So, the dining manager tactfully moved us to a corner table to accommodate. The two things I remember most are the blending of flavors in each dish, and the intuitive service.
Pretty nice place. Saw some celebrities there. Food is pretty good and would give more rating if not for the price.
I got the lunch summer tasting menu at Gramercy Tavern and was thoroughly impressed! I made a reservation a week before on Open Table for lunch.  As a single diner, it wasn't difficult to book, and the dining room seems less crowded for lunch.  Service was pretty good - friendly and attentive.  The dining room is a more formal atmosphere - they request business casual attire - while the tavern area seems more relaxed. The prices at lunch are beyond reasonable, and I really recommend coming here for lunch if you want to try Gramercy Tavern but are on a budget (using the term "budget" loosely, of course =P).  Ordering a la carte is definitely a lot cheaper, but even the tasting menu is a good deal.  You get tons of food - I had an amuse bouche, four courses, plus cheese, dessert, and petite fours.  It was a ton of food, especially for lunch, and I was stuffed.  Definitely worth the $60 in my opinion, both in terms of quality and quantity. On to the food!  I really loved every single one of my dishes at Gramercy Tavern.  Top notch ingredients and execution all around.  The tasting menu consisted of: -Amuse bouche: some sort of corn custard. -Arctic char with spinach, ramps, and radish -Ruby red shrimp with tasso, corn, and peppers -Red snapper with zucchini, black olives, and lobster sauce (came with a few pieces of lobster as well!) -Pork loin with pork belly -Ricotta & raspberries -Strawberries & chocolate ice cream -Petit fours I loved how all the accompanying sides and garnishes were so meticulously prepared in every dish.  The ingredients were all fresh and the flavors came together quite perfectly.  My favorite was probably the shrimp, surprisingly.  I have never been that crazy about shrimp, but Gramercy Tavern gave me a new found appreciation for the ingredient.  It was very clean and refreshing.  I also enjoyed the red snapper a lot - quite unexpected, since I am not a huge fan of fish either.  I already knew I would enjoy the pork loin dish, but I especially loved the mix of textures with the fatty pork belly and emulsified pork skin atop the pork loin.  The dessert dishes were great as well, though I was quite stuffed by the time I got to them.  The ricotta was probably my favorite. My meal at Gramercy Tavern was absolutely memorable and I am glad I got to try the summer tasting menu for lunch.  The service is great, prices are reasonable, and the tasting menu is well thought-out, delicious, and well-executed.  I definitely plan to return soon, hopefully for the dinner tasting menu & to try out the tavern as well.
Its hard to write a review of a place where I have had so many great experiences. The quality of the food gets mixed up with the quality of the company and it is difficult to be objective. For years, I would visit GT with friends late in the evening and there would almost always be these two adorable and quite elderly sisters sitting on a couch happily downing their nightly drinks, drinks that looked pretty damned strong. It was delightful to watch both of them enjoy themselves and, then,  finally calling it a night, with canes assisting their bent over figures,make their way home. I have had some amazing first dates here: such a perfect place to meet someone after work also. There is, however, no way to be confused about how good the food is at GT. Ive been here for a drink while shopping,  extended girls cosmo nights, and for dinner on dates, for business and with a crowd. Everything from those cursedly addictive candied walnuts at the bar, to the wild game, to the flaky tart au pommes is perfect. Service is what you would expect here: rarely a missed moment. This place has spoiled me and GT is the reason I have no patience with empty water glasses. GT, dont ever change
I don't get it.  Maybe I just came with really high expectations and that's why I was disappointed.  I hate when that happens in my life! Anyways, the bread was nothing special and I actually thought it was kind of tough to eat.  For apps we shared the warm salad of vegetables and farro.  I thought this was ok, the presentation was colorful.  I ordered the chicken with butternut squash and crosnes-I've never heard of or seen this weird tuber vegetable before so that was probably the most interesting part of the dish.  The other entree that was ordered was the triggerfish which I did not like because of the overwhelming sauce they used.  Oh and I got the ginger swizzle which was refreshing but too much ice. The best part of the whole meal was dessert.  I got the chocolate zucchini cake with walnut ice cream.  The cake was so moist and light and I enjoyed the unique flavor of the ice cream.   Now that I think back on the whole meal, I think I was annoyed at the service.  Our waitress was mia most of the time and the servers did not quickly bring or clear our table, as I watched them take care of people that came in after us much faster.  I felt as if I was waiting a long time between each course and had to ask for things before they noticed it. Maybe it was an off day.
Waited at the bar with my friend for at least 10 minutes. There were 4 bar tenders and no one acknowledged us. We were going to have dinner but ended up leaving and going to Barbounia on the corner which was brilliant.
I was late for my reservation by 45 minutes (I walked down from Times Square) but, they were still able to accommodate me. Food, service, and presentation were impeccable. This is a place that I want to return with my girlfriend.
O Gramercy Tavern, You are the very best. I came to you on a snowy night And you passed my every test. Every day at 7 pm, I used to pass by the Tavern. "A tad too small" I thought. But then I saw their hidden Cavern A second restaurant - behind the first - Where the food is more expensive, The menu, more opulent, And the waiters, well versed. Our waiter was kind, helpful and unpretentious. He spoke to us in a "buttery" voice. Among their many delectable options, Softly, he guided us to the most harmonious choice. Words will never do my meal justice, Constrained with this struggling poetry, Safe to say that on a snowy day, You - Gramercy Tavern - became very dear to me.
So I wasn't really expecting Gramercy Tavern to hold up to the hype that I had heard. And reviews hadn't necessarily been altogether promising, especially when one makes a reservation for 6 to eat an 86 dollar meal. However, I have to say that it was worth it. First of all, they were delightfully accommodating and easy to deal with in a way that even the finest of NYC restaurants often are not. They sat us before our whole party was there, and when the last member couldn't make it, they pleasantly removed his plate and gave us a little more room. What was perhaps most shocking was that we didn't really need more room; in no way are the tables squashed together. It's also a much less loud restaurant than most in NYC, and the atmosphere, with cherry blossoms and candlelight, is lovely. The service was phenomenal, with mirrored servings, but also just generosity with wine tastings, advice, recommendations.... and when two more of our party had to leave prior to dessert, they gave us two extras, with Congratulations (it was my graduation, and someone slid that information to them) written in chocolate syrup. Pretty cute, and mostly just really nice. So on to the food, which did in fact top the service. We each had a variety of items, but all of them were phenomenal. The olive bread is full of whole, juicy olives, to start. And then the first courses were lovely, well-proportioned tastes. I had a lamb peppardelle that was positively phenomenal and intensely flavored. The complexity of the small dish was amazing- it was one of those that reminds a person that good food is one thing, but really amazing food is an entirely other experience. I also tasted the parsnip soup with fiddlehead ferns, which was just as delicious, and the asparagus soup with crispy oysters. Just the layering of textures and flavors in each of these dishes showed the mastery. The wine pairings, as suggested by a connoisseur friend (pretentious as that sounds) and our main server, were perfect... and also reminded me that occasionally something beyond my delightful $3 Trader Joe's wine might be a good idea. And that there actually is a difference, even if it's a difference I can afford very rarely. Then the mains. I had the soft-shell crab special, which was perfectly nouveau Americana and made me very, very happy. Again, the portions were perfect, and each different dish was treated well according to what it demanded. A friend's sirloin was served medium rare, and held a perfect heft and juiciness. A risotto was the only slight disappointment, as it was just slightly tougher than it should have been, but the flavors were lovely. The halibut was creamily delicious. The dessert options had a wonderful range, which we were able to experience quite fully. The chocolate zucchini cake with thyme walnut ice cream was great- rich but not overly so and still had some zucchini flavor. The tapioca with mango etc was perhaps my favorite, with large tapioca and a phenomenally light, airy flavor. The chocolate mousse, one of our extras, was excellent and very rich, but not heavy. The rhubard cake with strawberry rhubard ice cream showed their range, as it was considerably lighter, with a well balanced tartness of the rhubarb and sweetness of the strawberry. The chocolate tartlets were also excellent, although perhaps slightly less memorable than the other options. Of course, these are then followed by petit-fours, which were lovely but hard to fit in the belly after all the earlier goodness. And then they give you a muffin for in the morning... so you don't forget. I'll admit I froze my muffin. The meal was just too good, and I have to save the memory for later. It was honestly one of the finest meals I've ever had. I was absolutely thrilled with the overall experience. It's definitely not somewhere I'll be able to go to regularly, but it's definitely worth it for a special occasion kind of meal.
One of my favorite restaurants of all time. Each time I go in I find something that becomes the best version of that thing I've had in my life.
When you go to Gramercy Tavern, it's best to keep in mind the disparity in wages between skilled and unskilled workers in any industry.  The works of top artists can command upwards of $1MM, whilst plenty of artists sell their sketches and paintings at prices that barely cover the cost of supplies.  The prices you'll pay at Gramercy Tavern are for top of the line culinary talent, and you can and should expect the chefs to coax flavors from familiar ingredients that will rock your taste buds. Dinner for 2 in the formal dining room will run you $300+.  If that seems steep, you can always check out the more casual tavern. We chose the restaurant to celebrate El Queso Grande's promotion, and it was just perfect.  We managed to snag a same day 10p reservation thanks to our Visa Signature concierge.  The service was flawless, genuine and warm.  We eagerly sought out suggestions, and the staff was happy to oblige with optimal results.  At a restaurant like Gramercy Tavern, you can expect that the staff has sampled everything the kitchen has to offer, and as long as you have an open mind, you'll be delighted!  Indeed, even my own taste horizons were challenged and expanded. We chose to select from the classic 3-course prix fixe $88/person: 1. Bread - there were two options for bread: sourdough and ciabatta.  I preferred the ciabatta rolls although both were flawless.  The butter was perfection - just the right degree of melted for easy spreading...we barely restrained ourselves from asking for more butter! 2. Cheese Puff - we got this tiny puff as an amuse and it was delicious.  We were surprised that it was served cold, but that did not detract from our enjoyment 3. Duck Fettuccine - tender duck, Shaved parsnips, carmelized Brussels sprouts and ample fresh fettuccine bathed in duck juices with a possible touch of cream.  It was surprisingly abundant and seemed to taste more ducky than duck, if such a thing is possible! 4. Smoked Trout - touted by the two servers as the best appetizer on the menu, this single dish changed my preconceptions of smoked fish.  It completely lacked any "fishy" taste and was beautifully silky - truly fork tender.  Where I entered the meal a skeptic, I left a believer.  Get this! 5. Rack and Shoulder of Lamb ($10 supplement) - the portion on this dish is rather small.  There are two smallish squat cylinders of lamb along with additional lamb mixed in with the sautéed hen of the woods mushrooms, but that may not faze you once you taste the meat.  Cooked at the kitchen's recommendation of medium rare, these are INCREDIBLE.  Easily the finest lamb I've ever tasted, perfectly buttery, marbleized and tender.  Each bite explodes with lusty flavor! 6. Side of Hen of the Woods Mushrooms - you could put hen of the woods mushrooms on a menu with tree bark and I would probably order the dish and enjoy it, so there was no question that I had full plans to pillage El Queso Grande's plate of his mushrooms.  Sadly, he had other ideas, so I asked for a side of the mushrooms and they were incredible!  Faintly Asian in preparation, the flavor combined salty and subtly sour with a perfect soft firmness to the mushrooms 7. Pork Loin & Belly - I don't know how the kitchen manages to keep all of their meat so incredibly succulent, but they succeeded again with the pork loin!  The belly was small but quite crispy.  I enjoyed the abundant bacon/ham pieces scattered throughout the rice and beans 8. Orange jelly with mascarpone cream and meringue - our pre-dessert palate cleanser, this was fresh and lovely, but then I just love mascarpone cream! 9. Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding - our servers were unanimous in declaring their two favorite desserts to be the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding and the Peanut Butter Semifreddo, so we decided to order just that.  I don't know what the other desserts are like (yet), but these were fantastic!  The chocolate bread pudding was warm and rich and the chocolate ice cream helped to cut the sweetness.  Halfway through, we exchanged desserts, but it was a struggle to give this one up! 10. Peanut Butter Semifreddo - I don't like most peanut butter desserts, but this was pretty awesome!  The peanut butter cream was reminiscent of the wonderful flavor of reese's pieces, and the presentation as a macaron sandwich was fun and whimsical!  Shout out to Pastry Chef Nancy Olson for managing to bake a large and yet still perfectly airy macaron!  That's really impressive! 11. Coffee cake - as a sweet bonus, we got a coffee cake to take home for breakfast!  I microwaved it for about 15 seconds and it tasted like it was fresh from the oven! The wine and cocktail lists are well curated and we two enjoyed sparkling wine, red wine and a martini PARTING THOUGHT: For our budget, the dining room is definitely going to have to be reserved for special occasions, but we're planning to hit the tavern ASAP!  And you can bet that I'll be keeping my eye on Gramercy Tavern for restaurant week!!!
I called for reservations weeks ahead of time, the earliest we could get in was for a 10PM seating... we went early and enjoyed some tasty Belgian beers at the bar. The place was packed. You need to tell the bartender to put your name on the seating list (be polite) don't just grab a seat -- we were entertained by watching the eviction of pissed-off seat grabbers.   The food was superb, service impeccable. The waitstaff very knowledgeable. We were advised on good choices. It was a perfect New York  night of foodie heaven.
Gramercy has great ambiance paired with freshly prepared, unique, gourmet dishes and an excellent wine list (including wine by the glass), a rare combination as most high-end restaurants have stuffy atmospheres. I usually stay away from Arctic Char because I don't like its fishy flavor, but here it was done very well, layered on top of two large, shelled mussels, and covered with coleslaw for a perfect crunch, amazing. For an appetizer, I had crab with egg crepe, and it did not disappoint, fresh seafood should be expected at a place like this, however. I highly recommend Gramercy Tavern, you will get what you pay for - excellent quality dishes that will make your taste buds asking for more.
My friend and I decided to go there last minute. We were seated by the door, which is not the best place to be. I consequently recommend to make a reservation. The restaurant is very classy so you should dress accordingly. The food is amazing. We loved the place.
I came here with my friend, and we got the three course tasting menu ($88) in the Dining Room. After the glowing reviews, a Michelin star, and the chef's recent James Beard Award win for Best Chef in NYC, I was expecting a lot. Perhaps I was expecting too much. Nothing wowed me, and I thought all the dishes were off balance in terms of flavor. AMUSE BOUCHE: Scallop: Good. FIRST COURSE: Beef Carpaccio: Sliced wonderfully, uber thin. However, I thought the anchovy aioli really overpowered the dish. I couldn't taste any beef flavor at all -- only cream and anchovy. SECOND COURSE: Roasted and Braised Lamb: Perfectly cooked to medium rare and extremely tender. However, everything was too salty. PRE-DESSERT: Panna cotta: This was cute. It had a little happy face :) I also love panna cotta so this was a nice bite before dessert. THIRD COURSE: Upside Down Plum Cake: My friend really liked it. I thought it was too tart on the edges. I preferred my friend's chocolate bread pudding; it was very comforting and had good chocolate flavor without going overboard on sweetness or decadence. Service was very nice, and the meal was very filling. Overall though, I was extremely underwhelmed.
My best friend and I had always been meaning to try this classic New York establishment for years. She had moved out of town and was back visiting last week so we decided to go one early evening. Sat in the bar area--definitely more fun, less stuffy than the formal dining area (and with a more wallet-friendly prix fixe available on the menu). We started out with the Fall Classic...a delightful seasonal cocktail with bourbon, cider, and calvados. I've never had a cocktail that really captured the essence of autumn as much as this one. Really a drink to have if it it's still on the menu when you're there. We also had some raw oysters which the waitress said were only served in 2 other places in the city. Yum, they tasted of the ocean and so fresh with a hint of sweetness. On to the next appetizer, we shared the mushroom salad. You must, I repeat must order this salad. Hen of the woods mushrooms, pole beans, hazelnuts...a wonderful umami taste, so warming, and so unexpected. You will want to lick your plate. The mains were also delightful. We had the pork chop and the duck leg. Maybe I'd give a slight edge to the pork chop--juicy and flavorful, complimented well by a savory farro and chard salad. Can't go wrong with either dish though. Don't wait years to go here like we did. Go now.
Spectacular experience--definitely a special occasion restaurant, as your server will make you feel like you're his or her only table, and favorite table, all night.  My squid ink pasta appetizer and pork entree were the envy of my table--if I can give any advice it's to order with your heart and not your head--calories be darned!
Yesterday, it was reported by many that the city's most popular restaurant, Gramercy Tavern, didn't do so well on their last Heath Department inspection. They scored 35 points for violations like live roaches and flies, which falls in to C grade territory.
I don't get the amazing reviews here. The food was good but not amazing. I definitely expected a lot more (but maybe having high expectations since it's in NY). The service wasn't too amazing either. I noticed a lot of business people here and people dressed up a bit for early weekday lunch. Don't even remember what I had here...
Having been in a relationship for 2+ years, I often don't get the opportunity to be wined and dined ("but I already HAVE you, so why do I have to TRY?"). When I was graciously invited to tag along for a nice lunch at Gramercy Tavern, I jumped at the chance. Given my limited budget (same old, same old) and dearth of a whirlwind social life, it wasn't likely I'd be going to a restaurant like this anytime soon. I mean, the napkins were CLOTH for crying out loud. We had TWO servers. And there was no unlimited salad bar in sight. Luxury living, I tell you. What I liked most about the Tavern was its charm and elegance combined with a complete lack of pretentiousness. We were greeted warmly at the front, and passed through a spacious, sunny dining room that was tastefully decorated. Our waiters were polite, charming, and informative. Coincidentally, the more wine I drank (and drink I did), the more charming they got. Funny how that works. They were more than happy to accommodate my vegetarian friend and whipped up a vegetarian tasting menu. I don't know if they had one at the ready, but her dishes sound slightly different from those mentioned in previous reviews (most of her dishes sounded familiar to what was offered on the a la carte menu, though). It's possible vegetarians just get lucky and get a customized menu each time. The three others at the table, including myself, opted for the spring menu and all its meaty glory. Each dish as it came to the table was presented simply but beautifully. The portions were small, but the depth of flavor was remarkable. The calamari and carrot salad was enough to whet my appetite (and I bemoaned only taking one ciabatta roll as the bread basket rolled around, etiquette be damned). The salad tasted cool and tangy with the crunchy pine nuts serving as a great complement. The shrimp and polenta were delicious as well. I was tipsy by the mackerel w/ asparagus, foie gras, and mussel; therefore, it was my favorite dish. No, really though -- the mackerel stunned me in how well the flavors and textures fit each other. Foie gras here! Adorable itty bitty mussel there! I remember tipsily thinking, "my tongue is a lazy susan of food right now except I don't have to share." I am so profound sometimes. Profauxned, more like. Our final course before dessert was squab, just barely cooked through but tender as a result. To those who get squeamy with rare food, I say meh. Suck it up. I pretty much devoured everything and nibbled on my bread roll in between. The portions were just enough to leave one content for a few hours, but they weren't super filling and may be insufficient for those used to bigger meals. Like, um, me. We had two main desserts to choose from -- a dense chocolate mouse cake and a panna cotta, which were then followed by a selection of petit fours. Both the cake and panna cotta were delicious -- small enough to satisfy your sweet tooth but not too sweet as to make your ears hurt. The petit fours were good, but nothing special. They were little and cute, which never did anyone any harm. Nothing too outrageous, nothing too experimental -- it was simply a great summer lunch at a restaurant that seems genuinely interested in serving flavorful food without all the razzle dazzle. They were also very accommodating with diner needs. We were there for 2 and a half hours, and there was no impatient foot tapping, or hovering after the check was paid, or any sign that our extended presence was unwelcome. This may be a different story for a busier dinner time, but who knows. I sure won't for awhile!
Tried the Tavern room again after a long hiatus and had a delicious meal. One more trip and I may bump this again. They have good cocktails but ran out of one of them before 7 which seemed rather early. My friend ordered the sweetbreads and the seafood stew. The sweetbreads were delicious but the stew I found a little too fishy. My friend enjoyed it though. I tried the prix fixe. The celery root soup came with perfectly fried oysters - just the right amount of breading without being greasy. I would have preferred more delicate mushrooms than shitake though. I also got the pork chop which was small but juicy, and came with a surprise portion of pork belly. The pork belly was amazing - meltingly fatty and the meat portion had delicious porkiness to it. The dish was served over a huge portion of beans but I find that nice restaurants always serve them very firm so I didn't really like it. For dessert you can pick anything so I got hte pumpkin whoopie pies - a generous portion but not that pumpkin-y or special. The desserts looked a little boring to me but I'm not really a dessert person.
Great food, great atmosphere.  Love this  places where you can't go wrong with their Food and drinks  its all great, The staff is always nice and ready to help. This place is definitely a good pick for Seafood!  You won't be disappointed
This is a Michelin star restaurant that has been a New York City staple for a long long time.  The first time I was here, my mind was just blown by how comfortable the atmosphere was.  This restaurant is talked about so much that I thought it would be stuffy and pretentious, but instead, the ambience was homey and genuine.  Yes, the service is impeccable.  Yes, the restaurant is fancy with everything presented perfectly...and Yes, the food...the Food!  all perfectly cooked and fresh...(made so that every bite was the perfect bite...) was beautiful yet had some sense of home and almost had that farm to table feel.  I won't go on and on about the perfect food, since it is very expected.  Instead, I will talk about the most startling thing about the place...that despite...nono...BECAUSE of all these things...it was so comfortable and welcoming.  That was the most mind blowing thing for me.   I've gone to a lot of high-end restaurants recently because my boyfriend loves to sit and eat great food while having time to enjoy and talk, and in NYC that's an experience that you have to pay for.  Many of these restaurants have fancy lighting, or weird furry chairs, or strange evaporating vegetables...but Gramercy Tavern really gives a different experience.  They somehow make that impeccable service and food...seem simple and beautiful and easy.  The experience at Gramercy is one of relaxation and being cared for...you can tell you're in good hands, that they've done this a million times, and that you're not being experimented on.  It's sometimes can be a little daunting when someone brings you a steel can that pops off and you're supposed to breathe in the corn mist or catch it on a biscuit made of cheese shavings or something.  It makes me anxious and stressed out a bit because I don't know if I'm enjoying it or capturing the art of it the way the chef wants me to or something in some of these other places...but Gramercy...is just right. There is nothing fake or showy or complicated about this place.  It's just simple and comfortable and perfect.  In essence, kind of the way I want my whole life to be.   I've been back since...and I want to come back again and again every season to see what they make out of the different vegetables and fruits available.  So far, every time I've gone, I've had the tasting menu.  It's very filling and, to be honest, because their food is simple and uncomplicated tasting with almost a home cooking taste with the freshest of ingredients, I love it for how many new ideas I get on how to pair different tastes and vegetables that are in season for when I cook at home.  Of course I can't replicate, but their kitchen really knows what is in season and uses it all artfully.  I love how in one tasting menu they can use the same ingredients in different ways in different dishes paired with different meats or main veggies and everything can taste totally different.  Incredible. Last but not least, Gramercy Tavern (and my getting new ideas for cooking) has my boyfriend eating and loving vegetables. Not an easy feat!!!!
After arriving in New York a little after noon on a Fri and getting checked in and settled in our hotel room, the girlfriend and I made our way out to find something to eat.  We had passed by the Gramercy Tavern on our cab ride from Penn Station so we knew it was a short walk away from our hotel to the restaurant.  We didn't have lunch reservations, but we were able to be seated immediately at a two top in the tavern.  Hurray for our good fortune as every table was taken or soon taken after we arrived!   Since we had dinner reservations for later in the evening, we decided to keep it reasonably light for lunch.  We started off with a half dozen of Iced Oysters on the Half-Shell ($2.75 ea).  The Massachusetts Island Creek oysters were very fresh and nicely briney, but not overly so.  They were are great start.  We decided to split a lunch order of the Grilled Monkfish with Cauliflower, Heirloom Beans and Shiitake Mushrooms and topped with house made potato chips ($22.00).  The kitchen thoughtfully plated our monkfish on two plates which was a service plus.  The monkfish was flavorful and grilled with care leaving it moist.  For my first cocktail for the weekend, I had the Fall Classic, a refreshing Bulleit Bourbon, Greenmarket Cider, Calvados, Thyme, and Lemon that was a perfect winter pleaser that was pricey at $14, but not exorbitant.  This was not the most expensive cocktail I had all weekend!   Gramercy Tavern does "power" lunches very well.  The food, the drink, and the service is everything you'd hope and expect it to be.  You pay for the experience, but you most likely won't leave disappointed.  Just shy of a 4.5 star effort
Ate off the bar menu and had a spectacular meal at a surprisingly reasonable price ($125 for 4 people). HIGHLY recommend!
It's been 4 years since I've been to Gramercy Tavern. Today I came for a late Sunday afternoon lunch and had a splendid meal in the Tavern room. Never done that before. The service as always was superb. I started with the butternut squash lasagna with kale chips and mushrooms, which was a great plate. Listed on the entree part, they gave me a 1/2 portion which I appreciated. The main reason I came was I had a big time hankering for a burger and heard great things about theirs. The burger was really wonderful as wel and $18. Cooked to my rare specifications, drenched in clothbound cheddar on a wonderful soft toasted bun with purple potato chips and three condiments- homemade ketchup, a thousand island type sauce, and mustard. The best of the three was the thousand island which was like big mac sauce (maybe shake shack clone????). The ketchup was a little to spicy for my taste and I didn't touch the mustard. Only negative is the cheddar was very strong and at times overcame the taste of the meat. When I get a high quality burger I want to taste the meat more than the cheese. Also, they don't serve fries with the burger. Why the hell not??? For dessert I had the chocolate pudding with salted caramel, whipped cream, and toffee popcorn and a side of coffee ice cream. Spectacular! GT makes some awesome desserts.
Yes.Yes. Yes. This gem of a restaurant has been an old haunt for over a decade and still never fails to deliver. Atmosphere         85    Sophisticated and elegant Service                  90    It doesn't get better Food                      85    Its prepared well, presented well and its good! Value                     80    What can I say - it is New York Probably slightly overpriced (its not in the class of Daniel or Le Bernardin) it is a fine eating experience so typical of New York's top restaurants. And this one has staying power. Again, if it is top 25 you looking for, this makes the list.
Ah-mazing. It was my hubby's birthday weekend a couple weekends ago and I wanted to bring him someone nice to celebrate and a random check of OpenTable which previously indicated they were booked out for a weekend turned up a table at 11pm on a Saturday night. I booked it immediately. When we rang to confirm we asked to be notified if anything earlier came up and we were called day of for a spot at 10:30. We took it. As we were all dressed up we decided to go early and sample cocktails at the bar (which were fantastic) and ended up being seated shortly after 10pm. Not bad. At all points the service was impeccable. Our server was amazing - he even guessed what I was going to order (well, what I walked in thinking I was going to order, it totally changed but I still think demonstrates that he totally got me). I eat neither gluten (celiac) nor seafood and they were able to made modification to accommodate me with ease. We proceeded with the prix fixe dinner menu. I started with the cauliflower custard. It was lovely and light and just perfect. Then I had the chicken. It was likely the best chicken I've ever had. The real piece d' resistance was the only gluten free dessert, and apparently a dessert they are noted for having - the peanut butter semifreddo with chocolate macaroon. If you actually found a way to prepare dinner and serve it on a plate it probably would not be as delicious as that peanut butter semifreddo. It is honestly the stuff dreams are made of. It along was sufficient to make this one of the dining highlights of my life, but the quality and overall experience (service included) really sealed the deal. I definitely recommend for a special night out.
I have been here twice, both on Restaurant Week. I loved everything. Food, atmosphere and wait staff, all good. I want to go again and again and again.
Cross this one off my list, I have finally been (at least to the Tavern part).  I am really in the mindset of 3.5 stars, but to be nice, I rounded up.  My reasons are numerous, so feel free to skip to The Food if you'd like. The crowd - Sooo not my thing.  Granted, it was a weeknight, but does that make it okay for only the stuffiest, crassest, poorly dressed people to show up (oh, and overly botoxed)?  The suit level was very high, even for the casual part of the restaurant.  Made me itchy.  But, on the other hand, it made for some good people watching.  They probably didn't appreciate me staring, but then they really shouldn't have gone outside, should they. The food server - Let me start by saying that my date has what he calls "an internal restaurant clock" meaning that he knows when different stages of the meal should be happening.  While I may not have such a clock, I would have to say that the service was minimally attentive.  But, really, I can deal with that.  What made it worse was that our server's demeanor was so odd - she clearly read the Gramercy Tavern employee handbook and memorized it.  And then, practiced in front of a mirror...  let's see, I should clasp my hands together and tilt them to the left.... oooh, and yes, I should definitely then tilt my head to the right while I say, "Excuse me for the interruption" in my cheeriest voice EVAH without seeming too anxious...  A little disconcerting to say the least, but I would bet my left big toe that she can crack walnuts with those neck muscles. Finally, THE FOOD - My oysters were delicious.  His portobello tart was also tasty, but I felt it was a bit messy.  I appreciate height with a dish like that, but it annoys me when it then falls apart after being exposed to cutlery.  But that's not a complaint about Gramercy, that's a complaint about hoity toity eating establishments.  My R&R cocktail was excellent - Makers Mark, iced tea, raspberries, and rose water.  I will admit, I couldn't taste much more than the bourbon and the raspberries, but honestly, that's enough to make me happy.  He got the halibut special which was quite good.  I, on the other hand, got the arctic char with your typical vert, mushroom, and sweet garlic sauce.  It just wasn't that special.  The char was cooked nicely (although, I swore she told me it was medium rare - if that's medium rare, my guess is that well done comes out like jerky).  But the sauce just wasn't enough to accompany the fish.  The green beans were cooked to a nice texture, but there weren't enough shiitake mushrooms, and the overabundance of red bell peppers just killed any and all tastes.  One more reason to join my secret society dedicated to the elimination of all bell peppers (except perhaps for olive oil marinated ones).  And, on a final note, my date was pleasantly surprised that a good sauvignon blanc can come from the North Fork.  The moral?  Always be willing to try. The conclusion - I know I've been wordy.  I just had a lot to say.  I am not against coming here again, but for the same price, I think I'd rather go to a place like Union Square Cafe where I know I'll have amazing food and just feel more comfortable overall.
WOW...JUST WOW. This place is amazing. I think I have never been to such a great place for such a great price. This place beats the socks off of any nice restaurant when you compare price and quality. I ate the duck which was just amazing. It was cooked just right and the side dishes were awesome. If you are looking for appetizers, def. choose the brussle sprouts. They will def. surprise you. It was my first time trying them and it was awesome! Words does not do this place justice so therefore I will just not say any more haha. Just go and try it.
Excellent Fall tasting menu! This place lives up to its hype... I came here for lunch with my parents on a weekday - and it was so much getting a lunch resv. than a dinner resv. Everything was delicious, service was great and the ambiance was perfect.
Went here for lunch and sat in the tavern. This decor in this place is really beautiful. Ordered a Cheese burger and a pork belly sandwich, both specials of the day. The burger was perfectly cooked, not too red. It came with three different sauces. Bacon ranch, house mustard and some kind of relish. The bacon ranch was so good, i put it on the pork belly sandwich too.
My favorite restaurant in 2001 and it still is my favorite resturant.  Hadn't been here in 6 yrs, but upon visiting NY again, I just had to come here.  The food, service, ambiance, remains excellent, top notch, just as I remembered it - flawless. All the hosts and servers make you feel very welcome, it's not at all stuffy.  The desserts are delicious.  The simplest menu items are anything but. For example, apple pie-- perfectly flaky and butter crust, to die for.  "Mushroom lasagna"-- a sleeper hit and I never ever order lasagnas, esp from a non-Italian restaurant.  But it was unique, earthy, yummy. Would be back here in a heartbeat.  I wish they had one of these in SF!!
Outstanding customer service.  Great ambiance and no wait time.  I'm already a fan before we even ordered.   I started with a bolognease and that was AMAZING.  I high recommend it.  I then moved on to the chicken which was good, but not great (the minus one star).   Then came dessert.  DAYUM.  Accent on the YUM.  Apple tarte with pecan ice cream.  It was heaven on the plate.  The ambiance was very professional, a bit of an older crowd.  I would go here for a great lunch among business people.  You will have a delicious and delightful time. Also, don't forget the bread.  QUALITY STATUS. GET SOME.
I ate in the dining room. Lovely, warm ambience. Tasty food. Excellent service. Good cocktails. Amazing desserts (loved the cookie tray). It is a 2+ hour experience and they invite you to stay as long as you wish. Made us feel special, but without the pretentious, uncomfortable atmosphere. Despite the smaller portions, we left totally stuffed. It was definitely worth the visit, as it has been on my list of restaurants and we enjoyed our night. It is not something I will do again due to the prices  (minimum $92 per person + drinks).  Although good, I didn't find the price worth it. However, it was great to try once and I'll plan to visit the tavern side next time.
Over-rated, over-priced food. Service and ambience are great, but the food, including deserts, is nothing to rave over. Considering all the hype surrounding this place, I wasn't particularly impressed.
A truly incredible meal, and certainly among the best I've ever had.   Everything about the experience was great.  The food, the service, the ambiance, etc. Angela was our server, and she was incredibly kind and attentive, gave us great recommendations, and knew the menu top to bottom.  She made the experience very special for us.  I've been to some fancy restaurants where the staff is cold or stuffy toward the guests.  Definitely not the case here.  Its evident in all the little details of how they treat you, with everyone pitching in to make it a great experience.   The food was very good.  I beef tartare as a first course, and striped sea bass as my main course, and both were excellent.  The fish in particular was delicious.  The desserts were also particularly good.  I ordered the bread pudding and my girlfriend ordered the almond butter cake.  They also include a few extra goodies such as a little panna cotta before the main dessert, and a coffee cake that is wrapped to take home.   Its obviously not the kind of place you go to on a regular basis (unless you have the money to do so), but for a special occasion, this is as good as it gets.
Concierge made reservations for us and strongly recommended we save room for dessert.  We arrived and were shown our table by a rather staid hostess.  This, however, was quickly countered by our very enthusiastic and knowledgeable server.  We learned right away that he (like many of the other countless servers in NY) was waiting for a call back to an audition, and by the way, what shows are we going to see, OMG, you have to see this-and-that, my room-mate is in the chorus of this, and...oh, our special tonight is....What a hoot! Anyway, FDA-CDC-health department  be damned, we ordered the beef tartare.  I also ordered the chilled asparagus soup.  The beef tartare was delicious!  Nicely seasoned and not buried with tabasco.  The soup was light and you could really taste the asparagus.  Best of all - this was 'real' food - none of the deconstructed/reconstructed garbage (according to Hubby) that everyone seems to be drifting to (see my comments on Corton). For our main course, our server recommended the lamb or the pork.  "OMG - we do the best lamb here!"  Okay, sold!  Hubby went for the pork loin.  My lamb was good, but Hubby's pork belly was unbelievable.  The red rice with the fatty meat.  Hubby, being the gracious spouse that he is, traded with me.  Server came back later and asked if something was wrong, and I told him that I liked the pork better.  "OMG - you should have let me know...I would have split the plates!".  By this time, I told Hubby let's make a bet as to mow many times we would hear "OMG!" in the course of the dinner!  So, time for dessert. - what would your recommend?  "OMG - everything here is SOOOOOO good!  Let me see..."  After some time, we ended up letting him choose for us.  A few moments later, he comes with a tray of dessert samples - little bites of this and that!  OMG!  We were in heaven! Truly an experience, and if ever in NYC, we will come back.  Our best to our "OMG-server"  for making it an unbelievable evening.
actually, 4.5 stars for a near-perfect lunch experience.  I started off with a fabulous squid/calamari spring salad.  very light and citrusy.  My entree was a bit more average since I can't remember the fish I ate.  The bread pudding I had for dessert was far more memorable.   The service here is what truly deserves high ratings.  One person at our party found that her beef had been cooked more rare than she had liked it.  This was no fault of the waitress or the cook - my friend simply had a different idea of "medium."  Not only did they take her plate back without contradiction (even though she had already had 2 of 5 medallions), they put together an entirely new plate for her with the beef cooked to the right degree and decided not to charge her for that particular entree, with a professional apology.  It seems like restaurants would typically be willing to do this, but from what I've experienced, most restaurants are not this generous.
Me thinks anyone crazy for not considering this in the top 3-5 restaurants in NYC.  In my opinion, Danny Myer's best.  A long time fan of everything Myer's (Tabla, 11 Madison Park, The Modern, Union Square Cafe, Shake Shack, among them), Gramercy Tavern deserves all the accolades it receives.  Had the fall tasting menu and wine pairings and cannot think of a better time I've ever had in a restaurant.  The seared foie gras and the fat back pork were extremely memorable.  Be warned:  It is necessary and worth having to plan in advance for your reservations, so don't complain that you can't get in when, on a spontaneous whim, you feel like dropping in and you're turned away.  And dining in the Tavern just isn't the same as the dining room.
Don't believe the hype. The service is very good, but not impeccable. The food was creative but the taste was not outstanding. Considering the cost, we expected much more. Stay away from the prix fixe and go to the bar if this is your first time. In this great city there are other options to make better use of your hard earned money.
Everything (and I mean everything) about this restaurant was perfection. My two girlfriends and I were in NY and this was our first visit to Gramercy Tavern. Having heard/read about it for years, we wanted to go. My girlfriend was responsible for making the reservations. Upon our arrival on a busy Saturday night (Feb 4) for our 8:15 res, we were told by the hostess that we didn't have a reservation. We all blanched; I almost fell into one of the most spectacular floral arrangments I had ever seen. Ends up my gf didn't make her res properly and that explained why she never had a res confirmation. The hostess was so amazing; she actually fit us in and within 40 minutes, we were in the dining room - we must have looked like country bumpkins who can't make a NY res...it could have been the fact that we fasted all day (except for cupcakes at The Little Cupcake Bake Shop on Prince Street) and looked faint. We all did the tasting menu (the larger one of course) with wine pairings. Jahir was our server. He had been there 9 years. Since he looked 20, my age judgment was off (or the wines were that good). I had the vegetable tasting menu. Every course was outstanding and I almost cried a couple of times it was so good. I was having a serious case of soup envy when my friends had a soup that was delicious (and not meat) so  I asked  (begged) Jahir for a small ramekin. He brought me a bowl - how sweet. Desserts: outstanding and delicious. The hot chocolate martini made with Stoli Vanila and some other liqueur was so outstanding our table had two. We asked if the chef could come out so we could hug him. He was really nice and they knew a mutual chef in Atlanta. Danny Meyer...bless you... your team is outstanding. They are all approachable, knowledgable and proud of their abilities. I look forward to another visit, this time with a proper reservation. How could anyone have a mediocre experience here? I just have a hard time believing it !
Dining Experience # 2 - Winter RW Lunch in the Bar Room Me and the gf dined here at the front Bar Room during Winter RW two weeks ago.  As you should know by now, the bar room does not take reservations (that's strictly for the dining room) and requires a wait.  However, it was THE BEST RW meal, better than the deal at The Modern inside MOMA. Squabbie's grilled octopus appetizer was SO DAMN good.  Her chicken entree was superbly done (very cannibalistic of her to order it).  For the first time ever, the white meat out excelled the dark in juiciness and tenderness.  Nicely done. The duck pate with pistachios and a fig was good.  My baseball-sized meatball entree was surprisingly good. Our meal wasn't quite yet done.  For $24.07, we were also served a dessert.  I opted for the "Selection of Ice Cream" - Vanilla Bean Bourbon, Cinnamon Sour Cream, and Milk Chocolate Coconut.  Each selection started off tasting like its first description (vanilla, cinnamon, and chocolate), but moments later the second flavor (bourbon, sour cream, and coconut, respectively of course) would kick in for a nice surprise and excellent complimentary taste to the original.  Of the three, the vanilla bean bourbon was the best.  The amazing dessert did nothing to disappoint.   The Squabert ordred a pear tart. As part of this year's Winter RW promotion at GT, all diners received a complimentary $24.07 gift certificate good for lunch or dinner (i.e. anytime @ GT) and in the front bar room or rear dining room (i.e. anyplace @ GT).  We knew about this beforehand, but this gift just added to the superbness of the meal, and directly led to last night's... Dining Experience # 3 - Dinner in the Dining Room The dining room was really good!  For $86, you are served one one app, one entree, and one dessert.  The chef also gives an amuse bouche, breakfast coffee cake (which I'm about to have), chocolates, and also a potato puff with olive tapenade inside (also chef's compliments). The wine list was extensive, and we enjoyed a vintage 1998 La Gramolere red Manzone from Italy's Barolo (Piedmont) region.  DDOC baby!   That's Denominazione di Origine Controllata for ya (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De…). The appetizer was quite substantial in size.  I had a squid ink Tagliatelle with calamari and mussels in a spicy lobster reduction (good), Squab had paparedelle with lamb (great), & our friend had the recommended smoked trout (great). For entreés, I had a cooked to medium-rare rack of lamb with a broccoli sauce (wow, best lamb steak I've had, so tender and an excellent balance of gamey flavor, not strong at all), Squabbie and my buddy both opted for the pork loin + fatty pork belly (pork loin was not so great, the fatty pork was good as usual). For desserts, I selected a chocolate / maple pecan tart with vanilla bourbon ice cream (the double staggered taste ice cream is excellent, initially tasting of vanilla, then hitting you with the bourbon flavor, same ice cream I had for lunch two weeks ago), Squabbie chose a tapiocca dessert (we all agreed it was the best tapiocca we've ever had), person #3 picked a semifredo peanut custard (similar to a custard) on choclate macaroon (French-style, not Jewish).  They loved it; it was too peanuty for my liking though. Though the pork loin was sub-GT standard, GT is still amazing, still a SOLID 5, and still our fav NYC resto (considering price and quality)! The bar room has different offerings than the dining room, but the level of service is top notch in the dining room.  The food for both are excellent, though you'll easily top 3 digits in the dining room (whereas you can get by with paying ~$50 in the bar room), but you have the luxury of being able to reserve a spot rather than having to wait 1hr+ for bar room seating.  I guess that's the trade off b/c the food is just as good in the bar room.
Love the food. Love the service.
Despite what you may have read in other reviews I believe Gramercy Tavern is great. I recently ate here for lunch with my Dad and Grandparents.  Without a reservation we were seated quickly, even though the restaurant looked busy. The service was friendly and the food was great. For starters I got the Grilled Octopus which was grilled to perfection the texture was not rubbery, as some places serve it. For an entree I got  the Pulled Pork Sandwich with home-made cole slaw. The meal was great. No, let me rephrase that, the meal left nothing to be desired. It was perfect.
One of the best meals I've had, and we didn't even eat in the formal dining room!  All of the food in the tavern is apparently cooked by the two chefs at the cool little open wood fire grill area.  That's your impressive piece of info for the day.  The food was so good that I vowed that the next time I am in NYC I will come back and take the dining room by storm.   Food-wise, we went with the tavern tasting menu with the beer pairing, plus some appetizers to try as well. The octopus was my favorite appetizer - the texture on it was amazing.  I also loved the mussels, mostly because I really really enjoyed the cilantro broth.  For me, though, the hands-down best thing was the flatiron steak, which was cooked to perfection, and the mushrooms that came with it had a really fun shape/texture. OK DESSERT TIME.  The chocolate pudding was, for the lack of a better word in my limited vocabulary, DIVINE.  The sweet croutons were THE BEST.  It's kind of gross how much I savored the few croutons, making sure I pace myself so I'll have a crouton for the last bite #OCDEater.  The lime tart tasted like a mojito, which was just so weird, in a good way. The cheesecake with the brownie on the bottom may sound like overkill (or not, if you are a dessert fanatic like me), but it was perfect.  The creaminess + the tart currant sorbet was KILLER (for the waist-size, and also taste). Cocktail-wise, I loved the ransom note.  I mean, gin (yes please), mead (YES PLEASE), honey (UNF), and lemon (ok)?  How can it go wrong?  (It can't, and is, in fact, amazing.) Our server, Bryce, could not have been nicer.  He really took the time to explain each beer pairing, and was very patient when we had questions.  Definitely made the dining experience memorable. And just to add a cherry to our amazing sunda(y/e), the day after we ate here, Michael Anthony won the James Beard award.  Coincidence?  I THINK YES (but it doesn't make it any less exciting).
The food is excellent, the service is impeccable. Everything we ate was delicious, the highlight probably being the lamb and the smoked fish appetizer. The portions are small-we had the three course menu and we left close to satisfied. I had the waygu beef entree and there were only two pieces of beef. Everything was totally delicious, just small.
Classy place.  Boyfriend took me here for my birthday and everything was AMAZING.  It ended up being a near blizzard outside... but inside was cozy and the staff made you feel like you were the only table there... although the dining room was full!  Specialized treatment... excellent cuisine... and personal touches (a lovely bday dessert) made the night memorable.  I'd recommend anything and everything on the menu... I'm pretty sure we ate our way through most of it!  Hope to return soon!
Simply the best.
yeah... not much to be said that already hasn't been said.... this place is pretty much flawless.  Except the bartender that broke a bottle of WHAT?! lol..oh good, it wasn't our bottle of rose..... while, i did not dine the full tasting menu here... a gf and i just rolled up to sit at the tavern bar for some drinks and light appetizers.  a whole bottle of rose, some sweetbreads, grilled octopus AND a rhubarb bread pudding dessert later.... we were full.  the food was fantastic, as was the attentive service.  i love the casual "tavern" dining atmosphere that separates the actual fine dining room.     if this is just the amuse bouche to their tasting menu...then i am more than delighted and amp'ed to come back, tavern or the main dining room.  though i am wondering if there is any difference in terms of quality & taste b/t the two?
This place is busy yet romantic, loud but not too loud. great ambience and great for a date. Course meal only like any other fancy manhattan restaurants do so be ready to pay for it! lol but totally worth it!!! :)
We had a fantastic dinner there tonight and sat at the bar. The bartenders are so attentative and just so nice. The food was amazing and so delicious. We would definitely recommend any new-timers, older timers, and anyone in the neighborhood. Great vibe, people, and most importantly impeccable food. I can't wait to go back!
goooood: 1. Sea bass!!!!!! Must try! 2. Walk in 3. Decoration - feels like a big celebration tonight 4. Italian red wine 1997... 5. Robert Kushner's fruits and veggies on the walls boooooooring: 1. Pricy 2. Don't be surprised if you meet your grandma at the next table 3. No music 4. Among the 20 waiters and 10 managers nobody had a charger for an iphone?! I would like to take my parents to this place next time!
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it was an incredible experience. Service was great and food was amazing. We had: Bread - both selections were very good and soft. I might have hard thirds on the dinner roll. Would have liked them to be warm though. Concord Crush - I really liked this unique cocktail. Interesting flavors and just the right amount of sweetness. Smoked Trout - melt-in-your-mouth good. Beef Tartare - boyfriend enjoyed this as well. Pork Loin - a little dry and tough, but everything else made up for it. Lamb Loin & Shoulder - boyfriend loved this. He didn't offer to share. Chestnut, Puff Pastry, Crème Brûlée and Cranberry Sorbet - Perfect. Even though I'm not a fan of cranberry or sorbet, that puff pastry was SO GOOD I didn't care. Gramercy Tavern Cookie Plate with Milk - cutest thing ever. All of the cookies were good except the Peanut butter one was dry and the server might have forgotten to notify us about the peanuts after we initially mentioned the peanut allergy my boyfriend has. Coconut cream cake - received this for my birthday. It was a very sweet gesture and was so much appreciated! Portion sizes were perfect and we left completely full. A very happy birthday dinner and great experience overall. Would love to try their lunch menu next time!
So I heard about the off menu burger during lunch at Gramercy Tavern. I had half day on friday last week and had to go since the burger is only during lunch and they only serve 20 each day. My gfs and I were lucky enough to get a table within 10 mins and we all had our own burger. The burger is served with blue chips. For an $18 burger, it's definitely worth it! Very tasty, juicy and of course fatty but filling. The burger is only at the bar section, not the dining area, and they don't take reservations.
To be honest, I wonder how Gramercy Tavern is only a one-star Michelin. The best way to attack this place? Go with someone who is adventurous. Make no plans for after dinner. Order BOTH the Seasonal Tasting Menu and the Vegetable Tasting Menu. With Chef Michael Anthony at the helm, you want to try as much as humanly possible and it actually ends up being just the right amount of food. (Right amount = just shy of falling comatose.)  Sure, it's a splurge but you definitely won't regret it.   Our Seasonal Tasting Menu: - Red Snapper (Kohlrabi, Shiitake Mushrooms and Smoked Jalapeno) - Soft Shell Crab (Corn, Sucrine Lettuce and Pickled Green Tomato) - Halibut (Zucchini, Black Olives and Lobster Sauce) - Squab (Barley, Sungold Tomatoes and Artichokes - Roasted & Braised Beef (Peppers, Black Garlic and Einkorn) Our Vegetable Tasting Menu: - Sweet Corn (King Crab, Shiso and Pickled Ramps) - Heirloom Tomato Salad (Shishito Peppers and Pickled Fennel) - Warm Bean Salad and Squash Sauce - Roasted Eggplant (Cucumbers and Peppers) - Spinach Spaghetti (Tomato, Shishito Peppers and Basil) The desserts were a tasting of sorbets and cakes.   Service is attentive yet not intrusive, with care and playfulness. The atmosphere is trendy and energetic, but you have a conversation without straining your vocal cords. I don't have to tell you what I think about the food. Feel free to re-read the first sentence of this review. Gramercy Tavern is one of NYC's elite restaurants and perhaps none more quintessential or accessible. Dare I say, it's BADASS.
This is exactly what I expected from a hip and popular restaurant/bar in New York City. Interior design is a visual feast with fresh flowers. The waiters are very well dressed with fitted dress shirts, ties and vests, all in a professional but fun color scheme. The cocktails are $14 but they are darn good and darn strong. The food...oh the food! Their appetizers are amazing! I especially recommend the sweetbread from veal. Absolutely phenomenal!
******************700 hundred reviews****************** I decided to choose Gramercy Tavern to write for my 700th reviews because I was surprisely happy with the food and the service here. I been trying to go thru all of the Michelin Star here in NYC and somehow I never can image myself coming here because I was looking at the menu online. The food look way too simple but after eating at Tamdrind(1 michelin star) down the street, I decided to come here for dessert only but somehow I order the sweetbeard to share with my friend. OMG when it came it look tasty and my 1st bite was DELICIOUS!!! It was so tender inside and the broth that came in it was delicious. I have to say this is the BEST sweetbread that I ever had in my life. So I decided on getting their burger too. I order it raw and when it came out, it was perfectly rare and the cheese that came with was almost perfect. The only fault that I can have is the bread which was some type of multi gain which I hate and it didn't hold up to the burger at all. Afterward we order 2 dessert and the bartender asked us if we were in the business and somehow the manager came over and greet us. He got us a extra dessert and espresso which was awesome. I barely touch our dessert because I was full but their dessert doesn't measure up to the food. Overall I really enjoy this place and I think I will come back here to try their dining area in the near future. The food and service were good. It was one memorable day because I ate at 2 Michelin star in 1 day!!! I have to say I am pretty dam luck!
I stopped by with a friend for lunch. It was decorated adorably for fall. The inside of this place is very cozy and warm, and I loved the way the bar area looked. As for food, I got the roasted root vegetables as an appetizer, and the honeynut squash lasagna for the main course. He had the fish croquette and sea bass with quinoa (I tasted both). The fish croquette and sea bass were delicious, I was a huge fan. I loved my roasted root vegetables with the cauliflower puree although I wasn't a huge fan of the other two sauces that came with the dish. My butternut squash lasagna was amazing, and filling... although the mushrooms on it were a bit too salty for my taste. The bread was not warm. Overall, the food here is excellent and of excellent quality. It seemed they had a good wine selection, although I needed a pick-me-up coffee rather than a relaxing glass of wine (full day ahead). They have blue bottle coffee! I would definitely come back here again.
Classic NYC institution that everyone should frequent for lunch or dinner. I've had the pleasure of dining in the Tavern and the Main Dining Room and have loved it every time I've been here.   The Tavern serves an off the menu burger for sale during weekday lunches (only a limited amount available each day) that is one of the best burgers in New York (though rarely talked about).  Everything here is top notch, from the food to service to decor.  Upscale dining with amazing food but what will seem like a casual atmosphere to you.
One word:  Masterpiece. Service was very professional, polite, and proactive. Had lunch, started with a winter salad which was so fresh and the dressing so subtle but the combination gave off a fantastically natural taste with a hint of sweet aftertaste.  Amazing. I had the salmon for entree and again, it was very fresh, unlike any I have had before.  The noticeable thing about this place is that it doesn't try too hard.  In other words, other places might add 20 ingredients to a dish to make it more "sophisticated," this place might execute it in a much simpler fashion but achieve greater results.   The desserts were great as well.  Can't remember exactly what I had but I do remember my wife raving over them for a few weeks so it must have been great!
I had a great dinner in the bar area here.  The menu isn't huge, but everything on it is a well thought out, truly great dish and everything we tried in my group was delicious.  The interior is beautiful with amazing fresh, seasonal flowers and service is top notch.  This is a great special occasion place - I'm a fan.
There is nothing new for me to say that hasn't been said already. Everything about this place is amazing!
Absolutely outstanding! Every moment of our 2.5 hour lunch was perfect. Our order included: Lobster Tagliatelli and Ruby Shrimp for appetizers Arctic Char and Lamb for entrees Choc PB Mouse and Chestnut Puffpastry for desserts I'm not kidding - every single plate was mind-blowing. The chef does an impeccable job of creating rich and delicious flavors without overdoing anything. Each dish is perfectly balanced, cooked to perfection, and bursting with fantastic flavor. Our server, Devon, was probably the best server I've had in a very long time! She was attentive without being obtrusive, she was decisive without being pushy, but most importantly, it was very obvious that she genuinely cared about the food, the restaurant and our experience. When we were having a very hard giving up 2 appetizers, she insisted we'd be satisfied without ordering them. Then she surprised us with mini versions of each! That level of above-and-beyond service is something you rarely find anywhere and both my mom and I were beyond appreciative. The 2 apps were the Beet Salad and the Beef Tartare - both incredible! To top it all off, they really went all out with a candle and even an extra dessert for my mom's birthday. Honestly, my experience at Gramercy Tavern was flawless. It has earned its place in one of my favorite meals of all time!
One of the best meal experiences I have ever had. Having to acclimate to a complex set of new dietary restrictions recently has made going out to eat more than challenging. Gramercy Tavern, however, made me and my entire party completely forget that I ever had to watch what I was eating. Not only were they able to accommodate gluten-free diets (which, though trendier these days, can still present a challenge), but they created an entire custom tasting menu to accommodate the MANY rather key ingredients that I could not have. Having arrived to the restaurant expecting a piece of plainly cooked fish and bland vegetables (usually the only way I can manage to still enjoy socializing over dinner), I was in no way expecting to enjoy a multi-course tasting menu completely safe for me to eat and incredibly flavorful. The service was above and beyond all of our expectations, and the quality of the food matched the impeccable service. Gramercy Tavern lives up to their reputation.
Exquisite. I brought my dad and my parents in-law here for a special family dinner. We had the tasting menu and as food that comes in such small portions, it is hard not love every part of it. The service was impeccable for our table and the dishes arrived just on time and delicately prepared. The ambience of the restaurant is very classy and also warm and cozy at the same time. It's a great place for special occasions with the family.
Went to Gramercy for a special occasion.  We made reservations several weeks in advanced, and were surprised only 6pm and 10pm reservations are possible, but learned the reason why while dining:  it takes several hours to enjoy the tasting menu. I had the vegetarian tasting menu ($98).  Each course was served beautifully, in seemingly custom dishes, with fresh, perfectly placed silverware.  The roasted beet salad in buttermilk dressing was a real highlight; full of interesting flavor and texture combinations.  Carmelized cauliflower was also delightful.  I would say this menu could be improved by replacing the pole bean salad with a more concentrated protein; this is because this dish was not particularly flavorful, and I left the meal feeling much fuller than others who had the seasonal tasting menu- I think because I was inundated with vegetable fiber.  The celery, mushroom and polenta was gourmet comfort food at its finest; mushrooms nicely sauteed and salted, polenta like molten butter.   The deserts are not to be forgotten; starting with a decadent chocolate mousse, and then (without any decision to be made), dark chocolates, chocolate and peanut butter mousse pastries, grape macaroons and chocolate cinnamon truffles. The only strange part was our waiter's very strange lack of knowledge about wine.  We asked for certain varietals (which were on the menu), and were taken in completely different (mainstream) directions, for reasons that are unclear to me.   Overall an amazing, once-in-a-lifetime experience.
This restaurant lives up to all the hype. Went their for lunch and had the $55 tasting menu which I believe had 7 courses--all of which were absolutely delicious.  The portions were perfect and well-seasoned.  The dining service is also impeccable with very attentive waiters.  Can't wait to go back!
This was the GT experience I was hoping the first time around, but now I finally understand why everyone loves it so much.  Alan and wait staff were patient, attentive and not overbearing from beginning to the end.  The ambiance is very lively and rustic up in the tavern section, but more upscale and intimate where we sat in the back of the restaurant. For food, we tackled the 3 course menu ($90/person) and were very pleased with every dish each member of the party ordered.   For antipasti, we did a mix of the beef tartare, smoked trout and spinach farfalle.  All of the dishes had an excellent balance of complimenting flavors that worked perfectly.  Of all the 3, I really enjoyed the smoked trout, it was light and had a cipollini purée and pickled onions that added great texture.   For entrees, we tried the smoked arctic char and lamb loin, each again having a very good compliment of sides.  I could only vouch for the lamb loin, and I am very happy Alan suggested this dish prepared the way the chef recommended.  It was tender and juicy and cooked perfectly with a good mix of beans, fennel and shishito peppers that I would order again. Now time for dessert, we tried the milk and cookies, assortment of gelati, puff pastry crème brulee and a pear and walnut cake crumble.  Out of these, I would highly recommend the puff pastry crème brulee that had chestnuts and a cranberry sorbet that was very uniquely created and light.  I would also recommend the pear, walnut cake, oat crumble with blue cheese mousse that will really have you appreciate the happy marriage of sweet and salty and how it does work for a dessert. With 2 excellent bottles of wine, great conversation in a perfect setting, and excellent food, as I prefaced earlier, it makes sense why this is a NYC staple and fan-favorite that always hits the best restaurants of NYC.  I can't wait to come back. Buon appetito!
This restaurant is absolutely awesome! Fantastic décor, vibrant/lively atmosphere, great service and amazing food! I came here to dine for a friend's birthday and the second I walked in I was in love with the restaurant, specifically the tavern, even though we ate in the main dining room. There are 2 areas to the restaurant, the tavern and dining room. The tavern is a more casual environment with a long bar. People who were eating in this area mostly wore jeans, casual shoes/sneakers and a button down shirt. Women were in casual attire as well. Nothing too fancy there. The décor was very nice though, with dimmed lighting and fresh flowers draped on parts of the walls. The crowd was vibrant, in that everyone was dressed classy, but not in suits or anything like that. The age groups ranged, but I saw a predominantly younger crowd here with many late 20-early 30ish customers. The crowd was very chatty and the noise level was about average, which is what you want, unless you are looking for a super romantic evening. For the dining room, the patrons were a bit older, but mostly still very diverse in age. Most people in the dining room were dressed up as the men mostly wore a jacket, with some having jeans and some in slacks. Women were very classy as well in their dinner attires/dresses/slacks. I didn't see many women, if any, wearing jeans. I won't comment too much on the service, except to say that we were given great service. There were no hitches and the fact I was dining with someone who worked for the parent company of Gramercy Tavern didn't hurt either as the employees at Gramercy Tavern were very well aware . The waiters/waitresses were very attentive and always filling up our water as well, which is always a good sign. The food was extraordinary! In the main dining room you can either choose from the pre-fixe menu or tasting menu. We chose the pre-fixe as we were aware it was going to be plenty filling with the number of extra dishes that would be coming out. We probably had a total of 6-7 dishes in total, including our appetizer, main course and dessert. For the main course, I had the roasted lamb. The meat was very tender and I loved the sauce on it which really brought out the flavors. The meat wasn't overly drowned in the sauce, plus there was another green sauce on the plate as well. For dessert, I had the Plum Upside Down Cake, which included a strawberry sorbet. The cake was extremely soft and the sorbet was just perfect.  They blended together really well. The sorbet was some of the best strawberry sorbet I had ever tried. At the end of the night they handed out muffins to each customer, which was a nice touch. All in all, a great experience, and I definitely want to come back to try out the tavern because it looks like a great place to just have a casual dinner, yet still keeping it classy.
Gramercy Tavern is a true anomaly in NYC and in general.  An exceptional, ever consistent restaurant where the food and service is 5 star, minus the pretension and high prices.  You can very easily have apps - dinner - desert and 2 drinks per person and come in under $150, which is unheard of in New York...or any big city for that matter.   And for that price, you get one of the best 10 dining experiences in the city.  I always eat on the tavern side - which does not take reservations in advance - but does a great job getting you in, no matter your preference.  Put your name in at the front door, put your name in at the bar, and then grab and drink and enjoy the atmosphere. Ate at the bar last night and was served by Mark, who was gracious and helpful at every turn.  Started with a delicious brussels sprouts app - moved onto a perfectly cooked pork chop with lentils and finished with chocolate pudding, topped with caramel pop corn (yeah....it was SO good.) At the end, you are left full, happy and only a block away from the Old Town Bar where you can grab a nightcap or 5.  What could be better than that?
My girlfriend took me here for my birthday, and it was one of the best meals I have ever had in my entire life.  I got the seasonal tasting menu and she got the vegetable tasting menu.  A lot of restaurants do vegetarian food poorly (my girlfriend hates how most places just do the same boring veggie medley) but this place was creative for both tasting menus.  We liked everything but the best items were - halibut, roast duck, lobster salad, and I think the pesto pasta (it was the last item on the veggie tasting menu - not sure what it was called).  Service was also top notch.  Desserts were good (not great) but they had so many different desserts, we had to take some to go.
Came here for lunch a few weeks ago.  Incredible.  The chef at Gramercy Tavern is doing some brilliant things with food in that kitchen.  I was surprised at how substantial the food was. Perfect portion sizes. I was sort of expecting the famed Gramercy Tavern to be brimming with pretension, but there was actually only a faint whiff of pretension (mostly coming from the other customers).  The fame does the talking, the food does the walking.  I had the most incredible barbecue pulled pork sandwich.  The bread was soft and transcendental.  The quality of the pork and the sauce is unspeakable.  I haven't had more perfect pork than this.  It came from a royal pig.  I think they get these pigs from Valhalla or something.  The cole slaw and the peppers went perfectly with the sandwich and it came with a light side salad.  Perfect meal.  The person I was with had the rare roast beef sandwich with horseradish and a soup. I actually forgot what the soup was, but I remember we loved it.  The sandwich was out of this world.  You just gotta try the place to know what I'm talking about.  They get ordinary things and make them taste amazing.
New York City is full of amazing restaurants. From innovative spots serving up molecular gastronomy to extremely formal places where the service makes you feel like the Queen of England. Gramercy Tavern manages to find the perfect balance between comfort and 5-star dining. The staff is friendly. The space is welcoming. The food is always delicious. I've dined in the main dining room once, and in the Tavern twice. Both times I've sat at the bar. Although they are ALWAYS packed, I still feel well taken care of by the bartenders. This time I started with the tart and refreshing lemonade. A perfect way to awaken my palette. Then came the bread.... I love that bread with a fiery passion. The sour, crispy, crust, and soft chewy interior mixed with creamy butter and sea salt makes me go crazy every time. For my main I had the sea bass with vegetables. The fish was perfectly cooked and the combination of greens, cauliflower (curried and roasted), and quinoa made me never want to stop eating. Last but not least I had the sundae with peach sorbet, vanilla ice cream, walnut and oat crumble, fresh raspberry sauce, and whipped cream. Although the raspberries were very tart, the smooth ice cream balanced them perfectly. I left Gramercy Tavern dreaming of the meal I had just experienced, and already planning the next time I would go back.
Loved my dining experience here. I liked it here so much more than Le bernadin actually. The venue and very pretty with a touch of coziness. Their theme is very elegant with a hint of shabby chic. The good was spectacular. I highly recommend their tasting menu for lunch. Only $58! Their most amazing tasting was he lobster salad. It was not your traditional salad at all. It was a purée mixed with spinach, cavort, and lobster. Really really enjoyed it!
Since I moved to Gramercy I'd been lusting after dinner at the Tavern.  After months of dropping hints to my boyfriend he surprised me with a birthday reservation in the Dining Room.  Yipee! You feel like somebody really important from the moment you set foot in the place.  Low lights, great art, and more diamonds on the patrons than you could find on W. 47th.  I have to admit, we spent the first 20 minutes pointing out the unbelievable baubles on the fingers of our neighbors ("OMG!  Don't look now, but you have to see the ring on the woman in black at the corner table!  I think I've gone blind!"). The service was impeccable.  Our waiter struck the perfect (and almost unachievable) balance between allowing us a slow-paced, leisurely meal and patient attentiveness.  He was precious and very knowledgeable. I started with the smoked lobster appetizer which was generously portioned and buttery.  For my entree, I had the striped bass.  Nicely done with beans and a light sauce.  My portion, again, was the perfect size.  My boyfriend had the veal to start and the hanger steak as his entree.  While he liked both, he found that portion of his entree to be a bit small.  I will say though, by the time I got through my entree I felt that I legitimately had enough room for dessert.  Personally, I prefer it that way, I hate feeling sickeningly full as I leave a restaurant.  For dessert I had the chocolate bread pudding and he had the nectarine tart.  Both were amazing (though I was so drunk at this point that I'm not sure I would have known if they'd microwaved a hostess cupcake and put it in front of me... Classy, I know.).  Also, throughout the evening we were sent delicious nibbles "compliments of the chef."  These included an heirloom tomato sampling and a baby eggplant plate, such a nice touch.  Of course, we were also given muffins as we left. I was so impressed by my evening here, it may be awhile before I can save enough pennies to afford to go back, but I'll be counting down the days!
Pros: Smoked trout and Kale salad were good. Desserts were excellent (Strawberry and Rhubarb). Cons: second course dishes were awful. We had Red Snapper (over salted, potato's under cooked) and Roasted Lamb. Basically, they were not up to Micheline star level. Service: it was OK.
Much better than I expected having been disappointed previously by Danny Meyer's Union Square Cafe.  They had this "bacon" thing on the menu that was outrageous -- it was basically a 3 inch block of pork that had been slow cooked for like days, served with cabbage.  One star is lost, however, because the desserts and the cheese course were just ok.
Got the seasonal tasting for 120.  I came here with work so ya know, got to splurge.  This place is just good dude.  I liked that concord crush drink too.  waiter was super nice and food was fantastic.  I dont know if I'd come back unless I was with work or a special occasion, but it was real good.
Wonderful place to take your lover for a romantic meal and special occasion. The food and service are superlative. The servers ensure that your needs are met and help to make dining an absolute pleasure. The portions were not overly small but we were thinking that they were on the smallish side. By the end of the meal, my guy almost had to do an Al Bundy and release his top pant button to get a breather. We haven't yet returned since the change in Chef, but it's on our list of things to do.
A friend was in town and I learned this was her *spot*. The must-do thing on the line-up. Having never been, sounded good to me. Everything was under complete control here. You walked in and you either had a reservation for the full-on restaurant or you could put your name in to be seated in the tavern area or put your name in to be seated at the bar. We did both and were able to quickly score a couple of seats at the bar. The menu at the tavern and bar is different from that of the back restaurant area. Everything on the bar/tavern menu looked great and was under $20 (save the steak my friend was able to talk the bartender into requesting of the kitchen - which came to $25). They had a fabulous holiday-esque appetizer of some variety of sausage complimented by herbs and nutmeg. It just tasted like holiday in a sausage form. Delicious. The cocktail listing was very impressive and varied. I tried their cranberry margarita, which was amazing. It used a house-made cranberry syrup, fresh cranberries, and vodka. When a drink is $12 it had better deliver, and deliver it did. For main course, I had their bacon-wrapped trout. If I had one critique of the menu it would be that for a menu that is seasonal and ever-changing, they did not offer descriptives that fully did the dish justice. I inquired to the bartender about the preparation of the trout and it was only then that I learned that it was not only bacon wrapped, but also stuffed with spinach inside. Extra selling point almost missed. And it was amazing. We topped off the evening with their brownie which came with toasted marshmallows and graham cracker ice cream. It was so good. And kudos for the restaurant for through-and-through splitting our split courses (appetizer + dessert). The dessert was like s'mores with a grown-up flair. Loved it!
overall this was a wonderful experience. the food is great -- not mindblowing as some reviews might suggest -- and this is after having their dinner tasting menu (120/pp), which is the nicest dinner option.  the best parts are probably the lobster salad (potatoes and lobster were exquisite) and the duckbreast (best savory dish for last!)  i probably would get an entree if i had to come back again, or step it up and go to a more pricey place with 15-20 courses. TIPS - great service - only complaint is that i made a reservation and ended up waiting 20 minutes for it. during this wait, several parties of the same size arrived after us and were seated before us, so it was quite infuriating, at least until they decided to temper out dissatisfaction with some free cocktails. - the APROPOS cocktail is probably the best cocktail i've had and all i do is try cocktails, so they mean business - LAMBRUSCO was so good here (well it's good everywhere) and it's on the cheaper side. had like 8 glasses - they were also super nice and generous as it was a special occasion and offered us some perks and free dessert! 4 stars for food, but i give it 5 stars overall for the general quality of service, ambiance, and experience
I couldn't possibly think more highly of a restaurant. Visiting NY this past weekend, I found myself wandering around and between meal times. I thought, "If I could stop in anywhere for a bite to eat, where would that be?" -- So stop into Gramercy Tavern I did. No reservations, no time to go back to the hotel to change into something more appropriate, just "this is the ideal situation for me right now" mentality. I was by myself, so I sat at the bar. Everyone who helped me was wonderful, especially Jeremy (?) the bartender with the vintage Singer tattoo who listened to what I was in the mood for and recommended the Baby Carrots, Farro and Swiss Chard appetizer. It was perfect. Very fresh and delicious, but not too filling (I had plans for dinner a bit later in the evening). I started with a glass of Syrah, and was then coerced into another glass and a half (not that it took too much arm-twisting... it was more like an offer, really).  And by the time I got home, I realized that I had been treated to a glass and a half of wine. I'm thinking that I should start dining alone more often... this was truly one of the best experiences I've ever had. Thank you Jeremy, thank you Gramercy Tavern.
I am a native new yorker and have been living in Manhattan for the last 10 yrs, this is the best restaurant in NYC.  Amazing food, amazing staff and amazing ambiance. Go for lunch sit at the bar order the soup and sandwich its always amazing, ask for the soup first then the sandwich will come with a side salad ... satisfaction guaranteed. If you are unaware of the aforementioned you are welcome.
6 amazing courses and really flawless service.  Nice touches like muffins to take home with you after you meal make this one of the finest restaurants in NYC.  Our meal was great here, the space is warm and cozy, we were in the dining room. and everyone who worked here was nice and accommodating.  The service was really 5 stars. One of our courses came out cold and they sent us an extra desert and wine pairing on them to make up for this!  The wine suggested with our meal was perfect! I can't really think of anything negative to say, nothing so inventive here but nothing was needed really has great food on so many levels. nothing here felt stuffy the service was spot on. I can't wait to go back.
Went there for lunch... Absolutely perfect. Service--5 stars Food--5+ stars Atmosphere-- 5 stars 1) Calamari Salad--Perfect. So tasty. 2) Foie Gras Torchon with strawberrie... nothing would have made it better. 3) grilled octopus-- so tender so flavourful!!!! 4) Panna cotta dessert was the Best!!!!!
Wonderful atmosphere and superb service. Although the restaurant wasn't Packed it was a bustling. Our early dinner was amazing and worth while. The deserts were good and I would return.
My husband brought me here for my birthday and overall it was a really great experience.  I'd been wanting to come here for years, starting when we lived in the neighborhood but just never got around to it. The interior is really warm and inviting.  The decor is pretty traditional with candles and copper sconces. Since it was after Thanksgiving, there was some holiday touches that made the place feel really homey and comfortable.  We were seated right away in the dining area (there is a bar/tavern area when you first walk in that's more casual).  The website says dress code is business casual but most people were dressed down.  I wore a dressy top with high-waisted black pants and I was probably one of the most dressed up diners there.  Our server was a friendly guy and did a good job of regularly checking in with us.  My husband pointed out that they didn't acknowledge my birthday even though he mentioned it when he made the reservation.  I'm not one for the extra attention except the table next to us was congratulated on their anniversary and got complimentary glasses of wine... We opted for the seasonal tasting menu, which gets you 7 courses including two amuse and desert.  With the exception of one course that had too many flavors going on on one plate, everything was really delicious and the presentation was nice.  The waitstaff who actually brought the food to us were awkward though..they tried to explain what the dish was but stumbled a lot and never made eye contact so it was kind of odd.  They would also speak to each other in their native language which seemed out of place for this type of place. We got a bottle of cava which was amazing and went well with our courses. When we got our deserts, they ended up bringing me an extra dessert with a candle and wished me a happy birthday...so i guess they figured it out later? Just weird that it wasn't acknowledged up front.  Then after we cleared three desserts between the two of us, they brought out a plate of petite fours.  After THAT they brought out two muffins for us to take home and eat for breakfast...really nice touch! At that point we were stuffed to the max.   It's not a cheap meal, but I was surprised that it was quite "affordable" given that it's 7 courses plus extra sweets..places like Per Se or Daniel will charge more than double.  Overall we had a great night and a lovely meal.  We'd come back again and maybe check out the tavern part to see if there is a big difference.
Thank you Gramercy for the wonderful birthday experience. We ordered the tasting menu, and we were smitten with both the meat and veggie option. Service was the one of the best experiences I've had, attentive yet not crowding us. And that complimentary coconut birthday cake, so good!! Some of the dishes within the tasting menu could be improved (pasta & dessert courses), but overall I would recommend this restaurant.
Dinner with friends in the main dining room is not an experience I will soon forget.  Much has been said about Gramercy Tavern's excellent food, service and atmosphere, and on that night I found all of them to be true.  The makings of a top restaurant is not just the quality of the food but how they deliver it and how you enjoy the dining experience, and this is where GT truly excels.  The service was highly attentive and extremely competent--down to the choreography of bringing the courses to the table--but not overbearing.  The atmosphere was subdued but anything but stuffy.   We had the three course menu, which was accentuated by an amuse bouche, palate cleanser, and petit fours at the start, middle and end of the meal.  It's a lot of food but each course was light and we left with full but not heavy stomachs.   It's almost impossible to get dinner reservations here without an "in" but I would gladly come back and plunk down my hard earned cash for a special occasion.
Really enjoyed everything about this meal, from the food to the drinks to the service to the atmosphere to the company.  The three of us had a ladies' lunch on Friday around 2 pm. I tried the Ginger Swizzle, which is ginger beer (nonalcoholic) mixed with mint and lime and lots of crushed ice.  Very much like a mojito, and it was quite refreshing. I had the sea bass entree, which came on a bed of amazing orangey spaghetti squash.  The fish was absolutely perfect, and the squash was wonderful.  I had never had anything like it before. For dessert, we shared the chocolate bread pudding, which came with vanilla ice cream with cocoa nibs.  The kitchen thoughtfully gave us not just the standard one scoop of ice cream, but THREE so we could each have our own.  Awesome.  They also gave us a little plate of petit fours to try.  Yum, though we were too full to finish all of them. The service was truly impeccable, which is of course expected at a restaurant like Gramercy, but it was also friendly and unpretentious, which I really liked.  Reminded me of eating at the Four Seasons, where the service was similarly fantastic. The decor of the restaurant is very warm and classical, and though it was late, the restaurant was relatively full.  Would highly recommend making reservations in advance, particularly if you want to go during meal rush hour.
The food was wonderful, the staff was pleasant and our waiter was phenomenal. We had the smoked trout. It was light and smokey, not over powering. Excellent first course, but it wasn't until the second course that the Chet's culinary presence stood out. The sea bass and the lamb dinner was well made. Both dishes were well balanced. Finally, the dessert was not too sweet, which is excellent. I would recommend ordering their latte. Their coffee is quite different. Definitely not your run of the mill brew. The atmosphere was welcoming. The decor was classy and sharp. The service was properly orchestrated. There is only one thing I will complain about is the bar. Over crowded, hard to get service, but once you do...they are great from fill to last drop. But what can you expect on a busy Friday night!
This is the perfect place for a winter meal. It is warm and inviting with a great menu and fantastic service.
Following the trend, Gramercy tavern added the "tavern" (bar section: the casual section of the restaurant... well now a while ago) and started serving lunch a la carte.  I lined up first during my day off to get the taste of one of the well acclaimed restaurant in new YOrk.  I ordered some gingerale soda before getting to the food. I ordered some appetizer which I don't remember anymore, but the pork chop was cooked very well.  It was perfectly medium cooked (still feel a bit strange eating medium cooked pork, but I guess they know what they are doing), and perfectly seasoned.   I wasn't fully satisfied with the service.  There was a long interval between the appetizer and the entree, then I had to wait to get the check after finishing my last bite for 20 minutes (I am not exaggerating on this part).  Otherwise it was a good meal.
I have never been to a place that had excellent dinner and mouth-watering dessert. Not to mention a lovely atmosphere and great customer service. Felt like royalty. Make a trip here!!!!
5 solid stars! GT is definitely a NYC staple. My friend and I opted to sit at the bar one Friday evening for a girls night out and waited about 45 minutes for an opening.  We ordered and shared the smoked pork shoulder (delicious!) and the $48 tasting menu.  Paired off with a nice bottle of red wine. The bar and tavern is PACKED and we got a swarm of people hovering over us while we were trying to enjoy our meal at the bar.  The bartender was super friendly (it's a shame, cause I totally forgot his name now) and we all had some awesome convos.  He even made sure to kindly ask people to give us some personal space when trying to enjoy our meal. Classy spot.  Superb service. Amazing and tasty cuisine. Totally worth the wait and I'd most definitely come back.  Next time, I'm making rezzies in advance for the actual dining room! Well done, GT.
I love both it and Union Square Cafe for different reasons.  Gramercy Tavern reminds me of a classic town.  Food and service are both excellent.
Perhaps my friends who had gone here had hyped this place up too much, but I'd say my experience here was above average, but not spectacular. Nothing was bad, but nothing knocked my socks off. Good, tasty, American food with a few assorted twists.
We chose the prix fixe tasting menu for brunch that day, and it was amazing! This place is definitely on the upper end in terms of pricing though, so keep that in mind when you decide to pay it a visit. However, it is very delicious and definitely deserves it's one Michelin star ranking. Do try out the tasting menu to get a good sense of what they have to offer. However, also note that it may not exactly fill you up since the portions are tiny.
Gramercy Tavern is one of those restaurants you have heard about but have never visited. Highly decorated along with its flagship sibling, Eleven Madison Park, Gramercy Tavern is known for its New American cuisine and as one of the pioneers of farm-to-table philosophies. Famed restaurateur, Danny Meyer, opened the restaurant in 1994, but you may know him more for his flourishing Shake Shack empire. Danny Meyer's establishments are known for their excellent customer service, and I had the fortune of experiencing it firsthand. Greeted by the scent of fragrant, golden-yellow bouquets, I was led to the packed bar by the hostess with a smile. I greeted my friend Ruchi who I haven't seen in forever. She is a great dining companion who is always willing to try new places with me. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted one of my food idols, David Chang, eating with his assistant, so I took a quick snap. Some people don't like tasting menus because they aren't comfortable with sacrificing input and control. I disagree - the thought of having the chef, an expert in his field, decide for me is liberating and exciting. From my experience, there are always 2 or 3 things on the tasting menu that make your mouth water, and a few things that you're indifferent about. But in this case, the tasting menu had everything I liked: scallops, lobster, halibut, sweet potato, duck breast, and butter pecan ice cream. This was like the greatest hits menu and I was psyched. The amuse bouche was a pastry with goat cheese and tarragon topped with fleur de sel flakes. The cheese was not overpowering and the touch of salt from the flakes tingled on the tongue. Both the scallops and the lobster were delicious - perfectly tender, juicy, and slightly sweet.  The cilantro broth and the carrot glaze were great accompaniments to the main stars, the seafood. The halibut course was my favorite, hands down. The flesh parted easily to the gentle touch of my fork. The expression, "it melted like butter in my mouth", never rang truer. I'm pretty sure it was prepared sous-vide, but didn't confirm. The scoop of caviar slowly dissolved, leaving a faint trace of salinity. The al dente agnolotti contained a creamy sweet potato filling that coated the inside of the mouth The subtle flavor and crunch of the toasted pine nuts along with the salty Parmesan-Reggiano shavings provided balance and texture. ​ As the duck course was served, I couldn't help but notice the woody smell of the lentils and quinoa. An image of a log cabin in Jackson Hole Wyoming appeared in my mind even though I've never been to Wyoming. The skin of the duck was perfectly crisp and the meat was a perfect medium-rare. I may or may not have licked the hazelnut sauce clean from my plate. Both the vanilla bean panna cotta with passion fruit mousse and the chocolate coconut cake with butter pecan ice cream couldn't have been more different from each other: the panna cotta, airy and fruity contrasted by the heavier, sweeter, dark chocolate punctuated by the crunchy pecans lodged in the ice cream. The end of the meal was signaled by the petits fours and their signature cinnamon sugar muffin (which I promptly inhaled for breakfast the next morning). The server knew we were interested in taking a tour of the kitchen but at the end of our long meal, the kitchen was in the midst of cleaning and shutting down. The GM came by to offer apologies and promises for a kitchen tour on our next visit. While we experienced great service throughout the meal, the guests at the table next to us were getting the VIP treatment. Not one but 2 sous chefs came out throughout the night to not only check on them but to stand there and chat for 10 minutes during the height of service. Conversations ran the gamut from the inspiration behind the dishes, the ingredients and technique that were used, as well as a sneak peek on upcoming tasting menus. To hear the chefs talk so passionately about their craft was a treat. From the delicious food, tasteful decor, and passionate chefs, Gramercy Tavern delivers on all cylinders and is well-deserving of its Michelin star. For additional pictures, please visit (scrumphsus.com/blog/gram…)
Uh mah gawd My favorite restaurant.  Anywhere.   Need more stars.
The cafe is one of the best deals in the city. There are not alot of places where you can get the service and quality of a three star restaurant for these prices. (Entrees being no more than $20) There's almost always a wait but you could get lucky like us, only 15 minutes when they fore casted 1hr and a half.
Dear Mr. Meyer [I can call you Danny, right?], I hope you take this in good spirit. I _love_ the Union Square and Gramercy Tavern, and on this trip to NY, these are our first two nights out. My fellow employees also read your book at work, and we write software, so our respect for you is high. Champ,You are God. But, I need to get your attention, Danny babes, with a 4 star review because there's some things not 5 star, The punch list: 1. Calamari and Carrot appetizer: fabulous, 5 stars, keeper, nice balance of flavors, Chief. 2. Pastrami appetizer: 4 stars, and really missing something. Incredible hand made Pastrami made over three days [server explained the whole process], but when I asked for horseradish or hot mustard, the server said, "I've been telling the Chef it lacks something." Keeper but add a third "note" to those interesting pickles and the meat. 3. Venison sausage and loin main: 4 stars. Not the tastiest. Strong, but a little disappointing. Perhaps we were the wrong market segment, Dan. 4. Stuffed Meatball main: would _never_ have ordered, but the server sold it, and it is original and awesome. I would suggest you try making your meatball a tad moister. Don't know if you ever try the Marcella Hazan white-bread-and milk trick, Danny Babes, but consider it. You get a moister meatball. 5 star plate regardless. 5. $17.50 Pinot Noir by the glass: _Remove_ this from the menu, Immedia-mento, Dan. Nice wine, but for Crissakes, we have much better Pinots in California than this, and for $17.50, I was shocked given your serious Street Cred, Champ. Perhaps someone wants this by the bottle, but if you have one Pinot Noir on the glass menu, then please, Dear God... Otherwise, experience and of course the service in every way, was 5 stars. Of equal importance, the meal was a great value. Danny, I love you Babes. We're coming back. I know you read these reviews. In fact I think I have picked up your IP address on my blog. Not sure, but if so, I'm here to help. Jeffrey Addendum: Danny, we went to Union Square the next night and it was impeccable, so stop by the Tavern and have a chat with the Chef. We went to Momofuku Ssam Bar [tinyurl.com/yst49w] the following night which was a bitchin' 5 stars, so I know you can do it. Peace, baby.
My husband and I wanted to celebrate our anniversary and picked the Gramercy Tavern for an early dinner this last Friday. As we walked in they told us it would be a 45 minute wait. We went to see a friend and after 15 minutes I got a text that our table was almost ready. We came back to the restaurant and it was another 10 minutes. Still a lot less than 45 minutes. When we walked to our table I noticed the breakfast buffet, covered in fresh flowers, pumpkins and vegetables and at the end was a large platter of beautiful chesses. It's the kinda place that awakens all your senses. We sat at the perfect table. I had a view of the buffet and then we could see right into the kitchen. We always love seeing the chefs create their art. When the bread came it was a hearty, wheat bread slice. And then we had tiny bowls, one with a soft butter and one with a nice flaky salt. We looked over the menu and there was so many options. It was nice to see that Gremercy Tavern is  very vegetarian/pescatarian friendly. And it melted my heart to see such a seasonal menu.  I decided on the littleneck clam flatbread with leeks, cabbage and potatoes. I was expecting a small appetizer. It was large and scrumptious. For my entree I went for the sea bass with cauliflower, hazelnuts and quinoa. The fish was perfectly cooked. And the cauliflower was grilled in slices. The quinoa and hazelnuts added a nice earthy texture to the meal.  My husband was happy with all his choices too. We were full but we couldn't skip dessert. We ordered cortados. And when they came out one was the classic "tulip" design and the second was a "heart". When the dessert came out is was a decadent chocolate, with a few slivers of almonds and the concord grape sauce was a  sweet, fruity compliment. An then ice cream added another layer to the dessert. There is so much thought put into the flavor combinations and flavors here. My husband and I both enjoyed our experience and will definitely be returning.
I have yearned a long time to find an occasion special enough, a job that pays enough, time enough to eat at Gramercy Tavern.  I somehow was not informed of the Tavern part of the restaurant, where the $35 tasting menu was just the right size (and the right price), and I could dress down a little (but still dress up a little too!).   Everything else has already been said: the service is beyond impeccable, the food is amazing (I had the celery root soup and grilled hangar steak with the pumpkin whoopie pies), and the dining experience as a whole is fantastic.   Will be back in two weeks!
I didn't know I could enjoy places like Gramercy Tavern until I finally went to a few places like Gramercy Tavern. My boyfriend and I wouldn't normally go somewhere like this. His mother was in town and had been excited to go here for quite a while, so we happily went last night - a Friday. The wait (without reservation) was over an hour, which we spent most of standing at the bar. The bartenders were great and helpful in eventually getting us seats before our table was ready. I had the Ruby Rye cocktail which was perfectly balanced and not too sweet. The atmosphere was very pleasant and the room beautiful, with cool artwork and gorgeous flowers and plants all around. The servers were attentive and helpful - there was no attempt to rush us through our meal and I felt very comfortable although the place was crazy busy. The food was absurdly good. There was one entree option at dinner - the bittersweet plight of a vegetarian lifestyle - which luckily was the thing I spied a few beautiful women eating at the table over and immediately needed to consume. I had the mushroom lasagna and it was incredible. Delicious and light with no unpleasant texture and without that starchy pasta bite. The portions were great too. We split dessert - ricotta cheesecake and brownie with a rich, sweet raspberry sorbet. I was pleased to see Blue Bottle coffee on the menu! We also had a french press of Burundi coffee before leaving, which was brewed better than I have had in the past. Overall I had an awesome time here. If returning, I would definitely make a reservation though.
An amazing restaurant with an equally amazing beer menu.  This is a find for the ages.  Possibly my new favorite restaurant in NYC. There are two actual places to eat here, the tavern and the restaurant.  The tavern is a la carte and a bit crowded and noisy; the restaurant is more intimate and prix fixe.  We did the restaurant, but it was nice to see that there is an option for walk-ins in the tavern. Beer-wise, we had Southampton Secret (a great altbier), Sierra Nevada Schwarzbier (I didn't realize they even had a schwarzbier, but it was great), and a Sixpoint IPA.  They also have plenty of great wine and dessert wine selections, of course. I had a seafood tagliatelle appetizer and striped bass for the main course, with an amazing coconut tapioca thing for dessert.  All great. Love it, love it.
No need to get into the details but this is the best restaurant in New York City and has been for years. It's great for an upscale business dinner or small family gathering. Excellent chef and wine selection.
Went in for lunch, soup and sandwich special was great. The flatbread, deeeelisshhh!!
My experience here was amazing but since the reviews here are plentiful, let me just tell u the best thing was the kiwi sorbet ...amazing. most places dont like to make kiwi sorbet b/c of the seeds.... ...it was addictive (warning though, there's a nut crumble mixed in so beware not only for allergies but the crumble is like a nut shortbread and it actually can overpower the kiwi, I ate around that darn crumble though).
Gramercy Tavern's ambience, service, and food can't be beat, so much so that I prefer over the more, "finer" establishments like EMP and Per Se.  It's the kind of place I could dine at every night of the week and still turn to for an special evening out. It's a beautiful space, separated into 3 different sections: the bar, the tavern, the dining room. Each space offers are different menu. Opt for the seasonal tasting menu in the dining room. Relax and let the pros do the job they do so well. I had a tagliatelle here that just about ruined me. Perfection is a poison.
Every meal I've had here has been wonderful. Whether it be lunch or dinner, with friends or with a date, everything was fantastic. The service there is among the best in the city and they really do time everything right and are so good that you barely notice they are there. I love the decor and the surrounding area, and I would definitely recommend. Some argue about this place being over-rated, but really, I don't seem much you can argue about, other than the overdose of hype you got. Hype will ruin anything. Among my all-time favorite restaurants.
As NYC newbies we took the advice of our close foodie friends and tried their favorite local spot. We still love our friends but this recommendation was a whiff.  The description of the entrées  by the Tavern's knowledgeable staff took more time than it did for us to eat the puny portions. We left brunch looking for a place to have brunch having been teased by the promise of a meal but no delivery. Not cool...don't bother.
Came for an anniversary dinner. Service was great and the staff went above and beyond with free bubbly and a mini coconut cake to celebrate. I'd recommend the 5 course tasting menu --we tried both the chef tasting and the vegetable tasting, both AMAZING. No disappointments and a few good surprises. Gramercy is definitely one of my top 5 favorite restaurants in NYC. Definitely make a reservation in advance, even if you're planning to dine at Tavern (the more causal section of the restaurant).
The best advice I can possibly give to anyone about anything in life is this: Go to Gramercy Tavern on a sunday afternoon.  Sit in the tavern.  Order the Omakase.   It may take a little bit of explaining to the waiter, but you will be so happy you did it.  Not sure how to order Omakase at an American restaurant?  When the server arrives first, be friendly, next say "can we ask a favor", and finally explain "we want whatever two mains you like the most on the menu as well as the appetizers you think go best with those mains and corresponding deserts.  We complete trust you and are excited to be surprised.  We are in your hands" That might not be exactly what Omakase means, but its close enough.  Order it.  When each item comes out, be amazed. Then when the bill comes out and its not that expensive even though you just got an incredible meal be amazed again at what a great deal lunch in the tavern is.
Goods: As good as advertised--had the lunch tasting menus and was blown away by the high execution of food and impeccable service.   I generally like heavier tasting food, so the balance in the dishes that is both light and concentrated in flavor is a true revelation.   Very impressed with the service and atmosphere of the restaurant.  I much prefer it to Union Square Cafe, no matter what the Zagat says.
Loved this place from start to finish.  We had the most wonderful dining experience.  We opted to dine at the tavern, instead of the restaurant for the $35 tasting menu.   I was truly amazed to find the service to be top-notch (even in the tavern area), as every staff member took measurable strides to make our experience both pleasant and enjoyable.  Our bartender/server was especially courteous and helpful in every way.  When we couldn't decide on the third cheese for our platter, he took the liberty of including the fourth option free of charge. We truly enjoyed the Michelin star quality food.  Everything from our appetizers, entrees, dessert and the cheese platter were utterly amazing. We plan to return to Gramercy Tavern in the future, and will definitely try the full tasting menu at the restaurant.
I had the best experience at this restaurant. The food was excellent, and the staff was efficient and friendly. I was here for a wedding celebration and was blown away by the food and the service. I shall return.
I've been to several michelin star restaurants in New York City, being a big foodie. I'd have to say of the top notch restaurants in NYC, this restaurant has the best service I have ever received. I tried the tasting menu which was great, but I wouldn't say the food was any better than the other michelin star restaurants in the area. However, the service was impeccable. The waiter was attentive, polite, and gave great recommendations. When water was accidentally spilled, he politely asked if it was ok for him to clean up the water, and set down a completely new tablecloth for us as to not take away from our dining experience. When an error was made with the order, he apologized and said "please, do you mind if I leave the wrong dish on the table in case it interests you while I bring out the correct order right away?" And I happily accepted and ate two appetizers, one of which was free! I recommend anyone who wishes to treat their significant other on a special night to come here. You won't be disappointed.
Some have called this the "unofficial first restaurant of New York".  It's crazy stinking good.  Fixed price or tasting menus only at dinner in the main dining room.  A superb wine list.  Flawless service.  And when they say "business casual", they mean it, by today's very relaxed business casual definitions.  You can get a little dressy if you want, or you can show up in cords and a buttondown, and you'll feel right at home either way. The food is ridiculous.  It is expensive.  But you won't care (and I don't care).  Do it.
one of my favorite Michelin Star restaurants in NYC & one of the TOP meals i've had in NYC!! highly recommended for a special occasion since the staff is so professional & pleasant we went w/ the seasonal tasting menu ($120 per person).. it's 6 courses but they give you TONS of additional treats throughout the meal! PLUS they let you swap out the dessert if you're craving something else ---jalisco pear cocktail: so refreshing, definitely the right choice for me! ---fall cocktail: the boyfriend loved this cocktail but i'm not a dark liquor lover ---complimentary bread: tasty chive roll! & loved the flaky crust on the other white bread option ---amuse bouche: pickled veggies, nothing special ---marinated scallops: fresh scallops tossed in a salad with pole beans, great texture contrast ---warm lobster salad w/ cauliflower & lardo: lobster was cooked well & i loved the cauliflower ---halibut: so flavorful w/o being salty.. mM ---ricotta tortellini: our least favorite dish of the night ---roasted duck breast: it wasn't better than the duck i had at eleven madison park, but it was still delish ---complimentary palette cleanser: mandarin orange panna cotta w/ marscapone, not bad ---chocolate espresso semifreddo: amazing!!! loved the chew on the macaron cookies & the macadamia nuts... they were sweet enough to write Happy Birthday Jenny on the plate in chocolate & top it w/ a candle ---golden raisin bread pudding w/ chamomille ice cream: i wasn't a huge fan of the bread pudding but i loved the ice cream ---complimentary petit fours: peanut rocher, chocolate toffee, caramel truffle, butter cookie, & macaron.. everything was delish except the overly sweet macaron ---to TAKE home: awww cute afterthought, i love when restaurants send you home with a treat! we got an oatmeal cinnamon coffee cake, that was moist, but nothing amazing NOTE: dinner seating begins at 5:30 pm but the tavern for drinks & food is open earlier!
Just had a fabulous afternoon at Gramercy Tavern.  We have been meaning to come here for several months, at the recommendation of a good friend.  I'm so glad we did, and didn't relegate it to a "next time we're in New York" type of place.   We arrived after 1.30pm and had no reservation, so I was expecting a long wait (with a good book!).  But actually, we were seated within 10 minutes.  It's a beautiful restaurant and great for lunch/brunch - our table had a two person sofa and two extra chairs, which just encourages you to take your time and really chill out.  I love the paintings on the wall - really vibrant colours depicting lots of fruit and vegetables.  Maybe I'm a sucker for subliminal messages, but it definitely made me think all the food would be really fresh! I also really love the bar here - I have never seen so many bottles lined up against the walls! Now to the food, which was definitely the main event.  This is one of the few places in New York, where we ordered appetizers, entrees and had a dessert (though, I note that I didn't order a dessert out of hunger, but more because everything on the menu sounded great and I wanted to try everything!).   Anyhow, I had a calamari and carrot salad to start - the first bite, was just, wow... there are no words to describe! Calamari was cut into thin strips and cooked just right (not too chewy).  The dressing is amazing, and the carrots and, what I assumed to be, some kind of fish eggs, gave the dish a nice balanced texture.  (Plus, I had never seen green fish eggs before).  Seriously, this was a truly amazing salad. My entree was the halibut and came with some vegetables and mussels.  On first glance it looked a bit small (which made me very happy I'd had an appetizer), but I soon realized that size isn't everything.  The fish was soft and flaky, with the right amount of grilled flavour.  Every bite was just yummy.  I won't spoil it anymore with my inadequate descriptions.  Just try it! I was intrigued by the dessert menu - items like pumpkin whoopie pie (OK, so I am still giggling at the name) just sounded really tasty.  Eventually, we settled on the chocolate pudding (sounds a little dull in comparison, but wait for it) with salted caramel and brioche (yes, brioche) croutons.  It was great (shame I was really rather full at this point).   Definitely a must try place if you're visiting New York.  I may even visit again before leaving (and certainly will make a point of visiting next time I'm in town).  Now, off to learn to make brioche croutons!
Ate at the Tavern for lunch, the menu was fresh and drinks paired with every item. Casual lunch atmosphere, fresh food, no reservation needed for saturday at 12. Slow, local food is the way to go.
Came here Thursday for an unconventional pre-marathon dinner, but it fit the need - protein & carbs masterly prepared. My cousin and I dined in the lively tavern/bar area at one of the banquettes, perfect for people watching! As luck would have it, there was a 4-course Cider Celebration menu with optional cider pairing. To save myself from decision making and to sample a wide variety of dishes, I chose the tasting menu with cider pairings. My cousin chose a Clam Flatbread with Leeks & Brussels Sprouts appetizer and Butternut Squash Lasagna entree. Some dishes on the tasting menu featured apples and portion sizes were just right so you felt satisfied, yet not stuffed. All dishes were excellent, and I'm surprised, in a good way, that the Grilled Goat Loin was my favorite dish of the evening! The Eve's cider from from Buckhorn Hollow was also my favorite cider. My cousin enjoyed her dishes and was fortunate to be presented an Artic Char dish to taste while I enjoyed my Flounder. For dessert, I polished off my Applesauce Cake with Sorghum Toffee Sauce and a most unusual, delicious Apple Fennel Sorbet. My cousin enjoyed a lovely Chocolate Cake accompanied with Vanilla Gelato & Berry sauce. The Blue Bottle coffee was a nice touch. I can see why Gramercy Tavern is a favorite of many - it is now my favorite as well.
I think the food was great, but definitely very expensive. You will be paying a lot per person.
This restaurant is simply amazing. The food is excellent and the service is impeccable.
I went here for a Sunday dinner with my parents and we got a table right away in the "tavern" portion of the restaurant. I have never seen such a beautiful "tavern"! Everything about it is stunning and brought to the next level as you notice little gems of seasonal decorations. The service is outstanding. Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the food, wine and ciders, friendly and simply great at everything she was doing. There were many people to help with the production of the meal as well. I think our glasses of water never made it halfway.   I ordered something simple: chicken, fingerling potatoes, butternut squash and kohlrabi. You would think a chicken dish with vegetables wouldn't be a showstopper but it was. Never have I had more moist chicken (cooked low and slow) or a potato more perfectly cooked. And kohlrabi was a new one for me! So that keeps things interesting as well. I also got to sample the  curried seafood chowder which was a treat with flavour upon flavour upon flavour (Canadian spelling, sorry) and the flounder with spagetti squash, walnuts and sherry sauce. The flounder- again- was so flaky and delicious, making for a very nice bite with the other choice ingredients. Dessert was ridiculous! In a good way. We ordered the ricotta cheesecake that came on top of a fudge brownie, with a large quenelle of black currant ice cream. With all three things on one plate, you truly are getting the best of the dessert worlds. A cheesecake not too sweet with almondy sweet toppings, chocolately goodness at the bottom with a fruity ice cream. Add some lemon tea on the side, it was the perfect way to end a fantastic meal.
Lovely food and atmosphere. The service was great too! And there's free mini macarons for dessert! :D
Holy moly!  What a memorable meal! Understated excellence throughout my tasting menu!  Each dish had a nice unique flavor without being so distinct that it was distracting.  While I'd happily eat everything again - the halibut in mushroom broth was the standout in my mind from the menu - perfectly tender fish bathed in savory soup.  I had to keep myself from saying "wow" in between each bite (and I said "wow" out loud plenty!).  The meal was well-paced and two hours flew by as we enjoyed our night out. Service:  While the prices make this a special occasion place, the team working on our table made us feel as if we were dining at their home - not stuffy or pretentious at all.  In fact, the best service experience in recently memory in NYC - efficient, yet friendly and oh so attentive!  My water glass was kept full and each person who came by noticed I preferred no ice - without having to ask!  (also see below) Drinks:  I enjoyed the most refreshing cocktail:  the Orange Blossom!  Sparkling Wine, Nikolaihof Elderflower Syrup, and Orange Bitters are a delightful combination!  My second cocktail was a bit too strong for my tastes and when the team noticed I wasn't taking it down - they removed it from our bill since it appeared I wasn't enjoying it - not necessary but definitely appreciated!
The Gramercy Tavern is a great place to eat.  We were lucky to snag an open table in the bar area on a Wednesday night, reservations are highly recommended.  The bar was full as well as the dining room. The service was very good, offering drinks just as we sat down.  Several people inquired upon us throughout the evening. The menu is short but the food is delicious.  I had the pork chop, thick and juicy prepared in the open kitchen next to our table. The only drawback was when we didn't order a second round of pricey drinks instead of the dessert menu we received out check.  So we went somewhere else for dessert.  Dinner for two with one round of drinks and tip came to $100.  Plan on spending some money if you are there with several people getting drinks, apps, meals and desserts.
I made my first trip to Grammercy Tavern (the Tavern Room) tonight. I had been trying for a week but a combination of a crazy work schedule, GT having too long of a wait, or GT not even putting anyone else on the list that night got in my way. So tonight we knew what to do - go in an hour and a half before we wanted to eat and get on the list. And so that's what we did. When we got back to the restaurant we didn't have to wait very long before our table was ready. Needless to say I was pretty excited for the meal after hearing so many good things and waiting so long to get in. But it just didn't live up to my expectations. Here is what we ordered: Sweetbreads Two oysters Chicken Lasagna Ransom note cocktail Apple pie dessert The dessert was the highlight of the night with the cocktail and oysters next best. The chicken I had was good but the vegetable sides were bitter. It took me a while to figure out what was off about the dish since the chicken itself was very high quality meat. I did taste some of my friend's lasagna and thought it was good but not great. Overall I enjoyed the food but I wasn't that impressed. The portions were also minuscule. Even my 5'0" female friend thought so and said she was hungry after we left. I may be back someday to try the main dining room, but as of right now I wasn't impressed enough with the tavern room to want to run back anytime soon.
I really give GT a 4.5.  The Tavern is a 5 and main dining room gets a 4 because it's just too stuffy for me.  I love everything about this place from the wine list to the tables (elliptical! genius!).  The bar is fantastic and I would feel totally comfortable eating alone.  Danny meyer is my hero. oh, and the wait staff...impeccable! Our waitress split the dessert on two plates so we both got ice cream and she wrote down the name of the wine we had on a postcard so we could take it with us. Favorite restaurant in NY...too bad I can't afford to eat here every night.
Unpretentious, delicious flavors, and excellent service. I wish I could try the tasting menu.
We made our reservation through OpenTable...a MONTH prior to our visit. This place is good but I don't see myself coming back because it's just too difficult to get a seat. Food was great. We did the $120 tasting menu. Most memorable dish was the duck, others were all great but not memorable. For dessert, I'd go with the cheese selection. They have some delicious selections.
They have great dish of duck liver. Beautiful decoration of flowers, good service. It will be great place to visit for a date to make it a fancy night.
Such a lovely experience from the cocktails at the bar to the very last bite of your entree.  Gluten free friendly and the wait staff is superb!
BACON. You had me at Bacon, Gramercy Tavern. Being an angelino, i was unaware of NY's obsession with pork, and was really amused and taken by the descriptive truth to the name of the dish. It was pork belly, cooked 2 ways then finished on the grill, served with fiddlehead ferns. But on to the reliving of the meal... Started the meal off with a few fresh oysters and the pate toasts. Both items very good. The pate was perfect, mixed with a micro salad in the lightest dressing. I had the aformentioned bacon dish and my sister had the Grilled Branzino which was just a little bit too salty. I didn't care i had pork belly. Dessert was a strawberry rhubarb tart, the waiter was not kidding when he said that we should share it because the thing was massive for 2 people, served in a copper pan. How fun is that? We sat in the Tavern area which seemed to be way more fun anyway, the back room was really, really stuffy - almost funeral home like. It's my understanding that they have a different menu back there, I'll find out one of these days but for now - i'll dine and drink in the Tavern. Great staff, great service, great wine selection. Really, i wish i could give it 4.5 stars!
I had pretty high expectations coming into Gramercy Tavern and I was not disappointed. I didn't have reservations and just walked in around 630pm on a Monday for a table of two. They have a designated area in the dining room for walkins so if you come early enough you might be able to get a spot. You can also sit in the tavern but the menu is not the same and you can't order the tasting menus available in the dining room. I thought the seasonal tasting menu of 6 courses was perfect. It was just enough to really get a full taste of what the restaurant has to offer without being overwhelmed as you would with say a 16 course menu. We had the artic char, scallop, halibut, squid ink lobster tagliatelle, duck breast and cheesecake/chocolate raspberry tart. Even though they list a dessert in the tasting menu, you can choose from any one you want in their dessert menu. All the seasonal ingredients made the dishes so delicious. I could go on and talk about how each dish was awesome but you have to try it for yourself. The progression of  flavors in each dish was on point and well executed from light to heavy. They time everything so by the end of your meal you are really full even though the portions were not enormous. I like that the atmosphere doesn't feel too stuffy or pretentious even if it is considered fine dining. I can see why they don't have 3 Michelin stars based on the overall feel of the restaurant compared to say EMP or Per Se. But the food itself is definitely on par.   5 stars because I intend on returning for the next seasonal menu.
We came here for lunch and did the dining room lunch 5 course tasting menu.  I was really impressed that they were laid back about the whole table not having to order the tasting menu if one member of the party wanted to order a la cart.  I also liked that I was able to substitute a vegetarian course for the duck.   The chive rolls were delicious.  The halibut in a mushroom broth was amazing.  I also loved my agnolotti with tomatoes and corn.   In general the service is top notch and the overall experience was very nice.
Gramercy Tavern (GT) is to New York dining as Derek Jeter is to New York baseball. A young Jeter helped bring life back to baseball in the Bronx and Danny Meyer's Gramercy Tavern revitalized the food scene below 23rd street. GT was opened in '94 with the help of the OG Top Chef Tom Colicchio and became the foundation for Meyer's USHG Empire. Gramercy Tavern, Zagat's two-time Most Popular Restaurant in NYC ('03 and '05), was the recent site of a very special evening for the founders of MeatsNBeats. The restaurant is surprisingly massive. Surprising because despite the fact that the restaurant has been open for 16 years and the price point is far from low, all tables were fully booked 2 weeks in advance. The décor is elegant and cozy with a lot of wood paneling and fall colors everywhere. The front of the restaurant, a.k.a. The Tavern, is a packed bar area with numerous tables available for walk-ins and has its own unique menu. The have a ridiculous $38 three course special that I will definitely be hitting up in the near future. The Tavern menu lacks many of the featured dishes in the dining room but contains a bunch of other really appetizing options. What separates GT from your average short-lifespan fine dining restaurant is their attention to detail and the execution of a memorable experience. All of the little extras are well done and do not appear to be thrown together without thought and care. For instance, there is a delicious fried dough amuse filled with a black olive tapenade. When you are about to leave, GT plays the role of a caring mother and presents you with a homemade banana muffin for tomorrow's breakfast. I highly recommend GT for any special occasion in your life. Also, they have an enormous wine book with a range from reasonably priced wines to extravagant/exclusive/I'm looking to have a Dez Bryant type of night wines. sports.espn.go.com/dalla… In the dining area you have the three choices; a three-course menu, a seven-course seasonal tasting and a seven-course vegetable tasting. The seven-course tastings are set menus and I thought the options on the three-course meal sounded more appealing, plus you can actually choose the three dishes, so I was sold. We started with the two pasta choices; the duck fettuccine and the lamb pappardelle. The duck fettuccine is served with incredible baby brussels sprouts and tiny cubes of parsnips. The pappardelle dish was my favorite of the two. The sauce is almost sweet from the swiss chard and lemon confit yet the meaty lamb offered a savory contrast that made my mouth water. Both pastas were so fresh that the dishes came off as light even for such heavy sounding descriptions. The pork loin and belly was the best thing I ate. Really surprised are you? The combination of the tender loin with the crispy and fatty belly made for an incredible bite. The pork is served with red rice, beans and in case you were feeling like the pig was left out of this dish, there is bacon mixed in. If I was ever stranded on a desert island and I had this dish, I think I would be fine. We also had the sea bass, an incredibly refined and delicate take on the fish. The bass was topped with capers and pine nuts and had almost a mustardy and onion sauce. This was good but compared to the pork dish, it didn't satisfy my caveman desires. There were of course two desserts but frankly I don't care much for sweets. If you want dessert go get in line at pinkberry and gab about chocolate with your girlfriends. It's MeatsNBeats, not SweetsNBeats. Best Thing on the Menu: Everything Waste of Time: Nothing Perfect For: A Celebration Bitches, Life Altering Dining
This is about the front room, I've never eaten in the fancy back dining room...but with how good the front area is, I don't care. If I only ordered a meal, I could afford to eat here everyday, oh, ok, every other...but the selection is just too good and the rose champagne & lambrusco make it hard to just have one drink...daxx you, Gramercy and thank you at the same time. Simple things - you make them so much better...the pastrami appetizer was delicious, the heirloom cauliflower (I never knew such a thing existed, have they genetically altered cauliflower a lot?) with the golden raisins, almonds, hint of lemon - flavors melding and harmonious, cauliflower steamed perfectly... Beautiful, plump scallops - in a beet reduction (I like beets, though) But the masterpiece of the evening was the duck confit with pork belly...oh man.  The duck was crispy on the outside, tender and moist on the inside (kinda like me...)  The white beans and pork belly reduction underneath -- yummmm!  If it wasn't in poor manners to lick the bowl, I might have-- but I didn't want to embarrass my friend... And you wanna know the best part?  All the entrees were all in the $18-low $20 range!  SCORE! Onto dessert - I don't really stray too much, bread pudding for me & my friend had the chocolate pudding, which had a distinct caramel flavor - that was delish! I'm now obsessed... Service was really good too, everyone was v. nice and fun - really good vibe.
Lived up to the hype and reputation. Very reasonable tasting menu price but I went for two course lunch. Had lobster pasta very tasty and lamb loin - one of the best piece of lamb I had in a while Very friendly service lovely decor
All I can add is that the Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake with Frozen Milk is probably the best dessert I have had in my life.  In fact, this dessert encouraged me to start Yelping because I loved it so much that I was taking pictures of it just to remind myself of the experience later.  How do you do that with MILK!  I mean, I used to work at a place called the Creamery, where we served everything having to do with Milk and Ice Cream, yet I have never encountered such a simple and delightful fluff of complete oral satisfaction. The drinks are great too, never forget about those.  I tried the Applejack Rabbit and the Amarita -- both I highly recommend. The Cheese platters are also top notch.  So are the matchbooks -- steal a few of these on your way out.
After the end of a delicious 7 course meal, we were completely satisfied with the flawless food , and perhaps a little drunk, but not overly stuffed.   We were, however, very surprised to find that the check at the end of the meal was twice as much as we'd expected. For the duration of the meal, we were treated suprisingly well, especially after we had ordered.  I reckon the service is always top knotch, but our waiter was especially friendly.  We realized why when we noticed that instead of the modest $70 bottle of wine we thought had ordered, what we had ordered was, in fact, a $300 bottle.  Oops. So, this means that Gramercy Tavern was a painfully expensive meal.  But the room felt warm, the service was perfect, and although it's an upscale and especially sophisticated restaurant, it did not feel stuffy. . . which made the check somewhat more palatable.   We'll definitely be back for a special occasion.
Another super famous upscale restaurant of NYC. The food (beef) was a bit too salty in my opinion, and the dessert was good but nothing spectacular.  The service was top notch. 4 stars for the experience!
What an amazing experience. Thank you everyone at Gramercy Tavern for giving me and my boyfriend an unforgettable memory. Everything that we were looking for and expected was above and beyond. Customer service was the best I've ever received dining out in the city. My boyfriend, who gets easily upset by poor service was raving about Gramercy Tavern all night. As for the food we both got the prixe fixed menu. He got the beef carpaccio, lamb, and assorted cheeses while I got the spinach farfalle, sea bass, and strawberry dessert. It's was delicious, unique, and artfully plated. We received complimentary prosecco and coconut cake which were delicious. I loved that Gramercy provides top notch food and service and makes you feel comfortable without all that boujie vibe.
Danny Meyer is the real deal. He has a lot of great restaurants. However, it's really hard to beat Gram Tav. I've been going here for over a decade. It's just as good now as it's ever been. Highlights: ~ If you don't want to part with your huge roll of cash, eat at the bar / Tavern room. ~ The service is awesome. Very knowledgeable, friendly and unpretentious. ~ The food is amazing. Try, um anything, and you will be happy. Trust me. Cons: None. Other than I don't live nearby.
I was lucky enough to go here with my parents and my husband last night. It was incredible. There's not much else to say! We all did the tasting menu (my mother did the vegetarian menu, the rest of us did the autumn one) and every single dish was outstanding. I think that my mother's vegetarian menu was actually even better than ours! The pear puree that I had with my venison was a revelation, one of the most delicious things that I have ever tasted in my entire life. The food was great, but the best thing about Gramercy Tavern, in my opinion, was the outstanding service. I have never been treated so well or felt so welcomed at a restaurant in my entire life. Our server was outstanding. My father, at first, felt that the tasting portions were not big enough (believe me, they were, but dad will always find something he doesn't like). Without even having to ask, a server came by and gave my father a second helping of one of the courses. From that point on, he was given double portions of all of the courses, with no added cost. The sommelier was lovely and attentive, always ready with a new bottle or a new suggestion, and the rest of the staff was constantly smiling and eager to help. I can absolutely see why this restaurant is so highly rated. Not only is the food absolutely delicious and perfectly prepared, but the service really sets it apart from any other establishment in the city.
I was curious about this restaurant but for some reason I never made a point to kill my curiosity... until I discovered that one of the cooks Felipe Saint-Martin is BRAZILIAN! Of course I was only sad I did not come to this place earlier. It's beautiful and happening without being snobby and the service is impeccable. If you love cheese like me order the cheese selection which is to die for. Great for lunch and the eye candy is NOT TO BE MISSED!
Classical American dishes come alive in style at this Flatiron District legend. Outside of Eleven Mad, there was no restaurant I looked forward to dining at more than Gramercy Tavern. For years I longed to try their brand of Americana. The environs are straight out of a Martha Stuart catalog, for better or worse but I will say that the rustic ambiance does lend itself to the cuisine. The service was impeccable from bread service to dessert. Not a single detail was overlooked. The tasting menu seemed the only way to play and with an admission at $120.00 per plate, a reasonable value considering the quality of the ingredients and locale. The Lobster Salad is a magnificent blend of Pole Beans, Snow Peas and Pickled Ramps and a must try. Fresh and delicious, the buttery poached Lobster stole the show and paved the path for the wonderful Halibut featuring Bok Choy, Green Garlic in a rich Mushroom Broth. It seemed like the kitchen was firing on all cylinders from the jump. The most inventive dish of the meal had to be the Squid Ink Spaghetti offering which boasts Grilled Calamari, Sesame and Lima Beans. The presentation was world class and I loved the saltiness of the Squid Ink. As for my favorite of the tasting, my hat is off to the Roasted Duck Breast. Perfectly seared Duck is mated with Corn, Peaches and Okra in this sweet versus savory beauty of a dish. Not a hint of gaminess was detected and the grain of the meat was incredibly delicate. Perhaps the best Duck preparation I have had to date. The last course was an Apricot Panna Cotta including Tapioca Pudding, Coconut and Thyme and was also remarkable. Sweet, but never cloying and a perfect close to an incredible meal. I truly enjoyed my visit to Gramercy Tavern and would most certainly recommend them to anyone that enjoys high end American fare.
My last update is two years old. Time to comment again. It is still perfect. Fresh ingredients, perfectly prepared. And served by knowledgeable and friendly waitstaff. They still have an interesting wine selection. And, as they always have, some terrific pork choices. On this recent visit we had the pork shoulder - just right. Its the triple crown - ambiance, food, and service. Five stars for each.
By way of San Francisco, my husband and I moved to Manhattan over a year ago, and I have tried many New American style restaurants in the City. Not only have we eaten at some established restaurants in California such as Boulevard, Postrio, and Chez Panisse, but Gramercy felt like home from the moment we stepped inside. The rustic decor and well-lit bar and dining area are very elegant but without being overdone. The price fixed menu is totally worth it, and won't disappoint even a finicky eater. We have eaten in the dining area just once, so I don't recall everything on the menu. It's fun New American, and flavorful WITHOUT being over the top. Service is efficient and down to earth... our waiter, Colin, was helpful and recommended a terrific bottle of wine. Added bonus: the tapioca dessert/pudding... if it's on the menu, definitely order it for a special treat!
Another NYC institution ticked from my list and it didn't disappoint although it wasn't the most enjoyable dining experience I've encountered in the city, but not far off... The tavern is a slick machine but unlike my experience at Mesa Grill it seems so natural and unforced.. Everyone is polite and service is great; nothing seems contrived. And the food also lived up to the expectations. The house warm smoked trout appetizer was: moist, succulent and delicate. No need to complicate the smoker's craft.   My friend had the Maine crab wrapped in a egg crepe which was also delicious although slightly less unique. Uniqueness swapped for the mains as my friend ordered the Sturgeon which I was secretly coveting but which I passed for the Sea Bass. The Sturgeon was served with a puree of leaks and parsnips, proving a light and delicate accompaniment to the strong fish. The fish was topped with roasted buckwheat which results in a little surprising crunch with every bite. It was a lovely combination. The Sea Bass was served with a light curry sauce which to me wasn't anything unique and I was a little disappointed. The  sauce was served with what I thought was a pine nut which added a bit of zing to the dish. In both dishes the fish was cooked perfectly. The chocolate bread pudding was excellent.. I grew up on Bread Pudding but unfortunately nothing as light and as delicious as this fantastic creation. The 5th star is really earned from the details. Service is excellent, they serve you the additional surprise dishes with fancy names, and even send you home with a breakfast muffin. The atmosphere is warm but a little austere in the main dining room but that shouldn't put you off having a special dinner here.
The food was pretty good.  And the service was good and it's a pretty setting.   But my wife and I just spent $400 on dinner, and she wants pizza on the way home.  We are stopping for pizza. There is just something wrong with that.  After spending $400, you shouldn't have to be thinking about pizza.   And by the way, in case you think otherwise, we are thin, fit, Manhattanites.
My husband and I sat at the end of the bar for lunch here last week . We ordered the not on the menu but often a special ... cheeseburger. Simply the best either one of us has had (better than the burger at Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills and the Kobe Burger at the former Martini House in St. Helena now served by the same chef (Todd Humphries) at the new Kitchen Door in Napa, CA). The quality of meat is just outstanding -- it's dry aged for 40 days. So, PLEASE don't order your burger well done or beyond (or even medium for that matter) ... live a little on the edge, and try it with some pink. I promise you'll enjoy the taste of the meat. Me, I like my burgers between rare and medium-rare, a bit of red but mostly warm so you get not only the flavor but experience the texture of the meat. It comes with a fabulous bun and delicious Cabot clothbound white cheddar cheese from Vermont and pickled onions with fresh, crisp mixed greens and tomato slices. It's not too tall a burger either (which isn't to say it's small) -- some of the better burgers we've had have been jam packed with so much stuff that you can't get your mouth around it! On the side, came a smoky tomato jam, a nice mustard and another condiment we didn't try. Don't remember if there were fries; if so, obviously nothing too special. Nice wine by the glass list. We finished with the 3 small scoops of ice cream ... ginger, sour cream and raspberry ... all yummy with smooth, creamy texture. Love the feel of the place - gigantic floral arrangements set the tone of casual elegance. The gently (and places not so gently) worn black painted bar is of the type you'd expect to see in a country bar in rural France.  Comfortable, leather bar chairs. Wonderful service.  Bar doesn't take reservations ... we were there right when they opened at noon so no problem getting a seat.  Also didn't hurt that it was the week before Labor Day (we were told by another restaurant that this is the best time to visit Manhattan because it's not crowded ... many NYCers leave town that week). This meal and the one at Hearth were our favorites during our recent 4 day stay in Manhattan.
I rarely give anything 5 stars but this place deserves every single one. What an amazing amazing restaurant. It's not super-huge or super-stuffy or fancy but the minute you walk in, you know you're in for something special. We came as a group to celebrate two special birthdays and were treated like kings & queens from the moment we sat down. Our waiter explained everything on the menu that we enquired about and everyone raved about their choices. The food, service and decor is amazing - it's simple and elegant. I cannot wait to go back there. My new fave place to eat in NYC. Deserves all the high reviews!
Their pulled pork sandwich is amazing.  Last time I came here I had the plate of cookies afterwards with my beau and some coffee.  I was in heaven.  :) What makes me a great fan is that they get many of their ingredients from local farms.   I first came here for lunch and a movie for the theather around the corner when SITC came out...this last time I referenced above was a repeat offense for the sequel.   I would come back here any time.  THe dining room I believe requires more dressier attire than the bar.
You have one night in NYC, where do you have dinner? Well I was recently in this situation and decided to go with Gramercy Tavern. And it was a great choice but I must admit I was hoping this place would be a no-brainer 5 stars...but it wasn't. The food was great but it didn't blow me away, perhaps due to unfair expectations going in. I sat at the bar, which is my favorite place to sit at a restaurant like this. Gives you an opportunity to chat to the bartenders, some other patrons and get a good lay out of the restaurant in general. They have an excellent wine list, which did not disappoint. As for the meal I had the lasagna entree and the cobbler dessert. Both delicious but not the life changing event I was expecting. Gramercy is still a solid place to eat in NYC, but with so many options in the city, the next time I'm there I'd probably go elsewhere in order to find that elusive 5 star meal.
Ah, is it bad that I couldn't tell this was a Michelin rated restaurant?  Anyway, I had deja vu walking onto 20th Street toward the restaurant but still can't figure out why... I digress. We came here on a Sunday night. The place itself is HUGE.  Maybe part of it had to do with the high ceilings but still--I got confused on my way out.  Despite the high ceilings, I actually thought this place was pretty noisy, could have been a carryover from the tavern. Our server mentioned that its pretty balanced between those who go for the prix fixe vs those who go for the tasting menu.  We went prix fixe.     As an appetizer, I ordered the ruby red shrimp (YUM!).  And then I ordered the sea bass.  This is a personal preference thing, but I'm not a fan of putting nuts in food--but I like sea bass in general so couldn't turn it down.  For dessert, I ordered the warm chocolate bread pudding.  By that time, I was already kind of full but I was a big fan of dessert.  I felt like Goldilocks--usually it's like hit or miss whenever "chocolate" appears in the name of a dessert; I liked that this one wasn't too rich or sweet. We thought we'd pair some sweet red wine with dessert, but what we got ended up tasting like maple syrup with alcohol in it.  I'll take responsibility for that one.  Anyway, all throughout dinner, our server brought us little "tasting menu"-esque dishes and a glass of champagne or something that was compliments of the kitchen.  And petit-fours at the end of the entire meal.  It was all a nice touch.
What can I say about Gramercy Tavern other than I love this place. I love when you walk into the place they treat you like a long lost friend. I love that if you want a casual dinner you have the Tavern part. The Tavern is very rustic and great on a cold day. The portobello tart is absolutely amazing and addictive. If you want something more formal there are the tables in the back. The rabbit dish with olives and mashed potatoes is to amazing! The service is great and the place just soothes my soul!
OMG, chocolate bread pudding!!!!! Now, you may wonder why I started a 3-star review with a rave, but let's face it. If the only thing that left me remotely excited is the dessert after a 3 course tasting menu where we paid over $250 for two people... there is something terribly wrong. It was good. But, this is NEW YORK! We can definitely do better than this. Plus, the waiter was a little creepy in his attempt to seem all highfalutin. We got used to it by the end. But, overall, I left with a big womp womp. I am a little upset that I wasted a special occasion dinner on this place. I should have taken my friend's advice and gone to Eleven Mad. Live and learn.
What a drastic difference and disappointment. After my last visit to Gramercy Tavern, I absolutely could not WAIT until I could come back for another meal.  I wanted to show off what NYC had to offer, I wanted to treat someone special to a truly unique and memorable experience, and based on what I experienced last time, I thought Gramercy was definitely the place to make that happen. Unfortunately, I was wrong. Again, we were in the dining room:  the service this time was polite and well timed, but otherwise nothing like the hospitality we had received at our last visit (unfortunately Solomon was NOT our server this time).  It lacked that same personal touch that captured our hearts the last time we were here, and instead we felt like we were at any other restaurant with well mannered staff and good lighting. The food was also less impressive.  Rather than have the three course menu like we did last time, we decided to splurge with our out-of-town guests and treat ourselves to the seasonal tasting menu.  The food was just not as impressive this time around.  The execution of each dish was precise and on point as one might expect, but the food was missing the depth and complexity of flavours that had caught my attention the first time around.  The squid ink tagliatelle, for example:  sounds amazing on paper, but ultimately tasting very much like a simple pasta dish that did nothing to capitalize on the several exciting elements that were there. Seasoning was marginal on a few plates, but what ultimately let me down was a lack lustre finish with the apricot panna cotta and tapioca pudding dessert.  Served simply in a small glass cup, it just seemed far too pedestrian, bordering on "made ahead of time", for a place like Gramercy.  If there was something redeeming in the flavours or textures, I could care less about the presentation - but there was not.   Needless to say, this was not the "knock your socks off" meal that I had hoped for my guests, both with regard to service and food.  And even after 5 courses and a dessert, we still ended up going out for hot dogs and nachos afterwards because sadly, we were simply just not satisfied.
Happy Birthday to me! I don't know about you, but my friends and I always end up celebrating my birthday in what I call birthday week/month...aka massive amounts of celebration! On my actual birthday, my boyfriend took me to Gramercy Tavern! We've wanted to try it for awhile but never found the time/occasion. It was delicious! The "Tavern" part of it is definitely more casual and behind the curtains in the main dining room, you'll usually find more of a business casual atmosphere. We were started with a cheese puff that had a rich and creamy center with a slight crunch with the shell. I opted for the Beef Fazzoletti (I had to google image this!) which was big sheets of pasta with a ragu-y beef and carrot sauce. It packed a bunch in terms of flavor. My bf ordered the Ruby Red Shrimp with beans and kale. His dish was much lighter than mine, but the shrimp were fresh and tender. For our entrees, I ordered the Arctic Char and he the Pork Loin & Belly. My Arctic Char was amaaaaazzzinnggg. I am generally not a huge fan of non white colored fish like Salmon because they tend to be too fishy for me. However, the Arctic Char was prepared perfectly! Definitely get it medium rare because the fish will melt in your mouth like a piece of chocolate. My bf's Pork Loin & Belly was equally good, but definitely more hearty. I didn't love the pickled vegetables that came with it. I thought it had a strange after taste, but the pork was delectable. For dessert I ordered the mint ice cream. This is not your store bought mint (chocolate chip) ice cream. This tastes like you ripped of a sprig of mint and then started chewing it with a dollop of frozen cream. The little brownies and stuffed raspberries that came with it were super cute! My bf got the warm chocolate bread pudding, which kinda resembled a chocolate lava cake - just as rich but not as dense with a whole lot of dark chocolate flavor. All in all dinner was perfect! Service was attentive and the food was above par. I would definitely recommend coming here for any special occasions!
I had a truly wonderful experience at Gramercy Tavern for an anniversary dinner.  The waitstaff went out of their way to help us celebrate with a champagne toast and desserts with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate sauce.  Normally the idea chocolate writing would make me roll my eyes, but I promise it was very tasteful.  I was very impressed with the service. The Sea Bass with swiss chard, capers, pine nuts, onion sauce course and Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding dessert were standouts in a line of exceptional dishes. If I could afford it, I would come back here in a heartbeat.
I have heard so many great things about Gramercy Tavern and when I found out my friend was going to take me here for my birthday I was excited.  I have to say that the restaurant itself is very nice and the service here was excellent.  The food though, didn't live up to my expectations, maybe in part because I've heard/read so many amazing reviews.  That said, I had a great meal, just not the amazing meal I was expecting.  We each got the tasting menu and there were some hits and misses. Amuse: Cheese puff .  It was a nice airy cheese puff that was very much like the one I had at EMP.  Very delicious and a great way to start the meal Fluke Tartare, Radish, Citrus and Trout Roe: - This was probably my favorite dish of the night.  It was delicious and wonderfully balanced.  I'm not a huge fan of fish tartare dishes, but this one was excellent. Chilled Asparagus soup -  I enjoyed this dish, though I have to say, it seems that everything we had that night was over salted.  My soup I thought was fine, but my friend's was very salty and we sent it back.  The one we got back was much better and even less salty.  I have to say I was surprised that they did not season all of the plates uniformly.   Smoked Trout Cippollini Purée and Pickled Onions -  Another great dish.  The smoked trout is delicate and delicious.  I would eat this dish again and again. Green Garlic Broth with Rabbit Dumplings - This dish was miss for me.  I enjoy dumplings and the ones here were not good.  The skin was way too thick and chewy to be enjoyable and the rabbit meat just didn't stand out.  Not a great dish. Piedmontese Beef Sugar Snap Peas, Fennel and Morel Sauce -  This was another very good dish.  The meat was perfect and I just loved the plate.  A nice way to end the savory courses. Dessert:  The desserts were very good, though there was a sesame ice cream dish that was just underwhelming.  I love black sesame ice cream (especially the one at Chinatown Ice Cream Factory) and this one was underwhelming. Overall, I had a wonderful dining experience.  The food had mostly hits and some misses as well.  Whenever I come back, I will probably avoid all of the Asian inspired dishes.  I will definitely check out the Tavern menu next time I stop by.
After seeing the high rating and large amount of reviews, I found it necessary to make a reservation, which they take a month in advance. We were seated upon arrival. A very classy restaurant with dim lighting. I really liked the decor and ambiance. A very romantic setting if you're coming for a date. They have an extensive drink menu, took us a while to pick wines to go with dinner. We dined in the dining room versus the tavern. The dining room offers pre-fixe menus, 3 course for $92 or a 6 course tasting for $120. They mentioned they don't like mixing at tables so if one person were to choose the 6 course tasting, it's recommended the rest of the table do the same. We decided to go with the 6 course tasting menu for $120 per person. And a glass of wine ~$13 each to go with dinner. A server comes by with a basket of fresh bread: rolls or sourdough to start you off. #1- Artic Char- This was a delightful appetizer. It included a potato mousse with smoked artic char along with capers and swiss charge. I enjoyed this dish. #2- Sea Scallop- I gobbled up this dish before I could even take a picture :(. The scallop was very silky and melted in my mouth like butter. Very good. #3- Halibut- The fish was cooked perfect, very tender and smooth. The broth was also delicious and had an asian influence to it with bok choy and a mushroom broth. Very good as well. #4- Squid Ink Tagliatelle- Came with lobster, which was cooked well, tender and not too chewy. They gave a decent amount of lobster. The tomato confit had a spicy kick to it and I thought the tomato flavor complimented the lobster well. The tagliatelle you can tell was hand made with squid ink and cooked to a perfect al dente. A very delicious tasting. #5- The Roasted Duck Breast- The duck was cooked perfect, a medium rare. Very juicy and tender and not gamey at all. The sweetness of the peach sauce went perfectly with the duck. The okra and corn added additional texture. Just Lovely. #6- Apricot Dessert- This was the only dish I didn't like, which was dessert sadly. It had panna cotta, tapioca pudding, coconut, and thyme. The apricot wasn't sweet at all and very tart. The panna cotta was more of a whipped cream. The tapioca pudding was good. However, all these components mixed together in my mouth didn't go well with each other. I would have preferred them separate. I didn't eat much of this. The meal also came with a complimentary appetizer and pre-dessert, which were decent. They also give complimentary cookies, chocolates and an assortment of desserts which were all delicious. Each guest receives a complimentary coconut cinnamon coffee bread to take home for the next morning. It was delicious. Dinner was good, but no dish was outstanding especially for the price you would expect a few dishes to blow your mind. Our bill came out to be $337 which was pricey for what we got. Honestly, I've dined at Michelin-stared restaurants for less and had mind blowing dishes. This place is a over-hyped in my opinion. Service was exceptional. What you would expect from a Michelin stared restaurant. The workers worked as a team and left no crumb behind nor no glass empty. I would come again, but maybe for their lunch tasting menu which is a lot less $58 for similar dishes to the dinner menu or I might try out their tavern. I wouldn't do the tasting again, it was just too pricey for what I received.
Very fancy schmancy :) great place to take someone on a serious date. Had the 3 course pre-fix dinner. Lobster pasta starter was great as was the main lamb shoulder dish. Dessert of egg nog rolls was also good. Only thing that dropped the 4 stars to 3.5 (I rounded up): - atmosphere is very uppity which wife and I enjoy most of times but that doesn't mean we like snotty and cold. The service felt too... industrial or cold. Too uppity maybe? Wait staff never excused themselves when interrupting conversation and hardly smiled. - perhaps needed to sit downstairs cos the atmosphere upstairs felt less inviting. - not a place to be free and a little boisterous. But then again maybe the wife and I are simply drunken louts haha Conclusion - very classy place have to try it if you haven't. Food is great. If you hit the right night with great wait staff and more lively guests it could turn things around and hit the 4 stars easily. I'll give this place another shot with a group.
91% Great 5-course tasting lunch. ***Short Review Came here in Oct'11. I had the $58, 5-course fall lunch tasting menu. Food here is consistently excellent. The cooking is very creative & it has a distinct character of it's own. A few of the dishes were more challenging than others. The 'Cardoons' were probably my favorite dish, followed by the wonderful 'marinated sea scallop. Value is very hard to top at $58. This is my second favorite lunch tasting after Bouley's equivalent. Ambiance was good. The interior was pleasant although a bit generic. Nonetheless it was comfortable and laid back. Service is good. My waitress was attentive, friendly, an efficient. Pacing of dishes consistent and just about right. My lunch lasted a tad under 2 hours. Highly recommended. Detailed Review will go further into dishes sampled ***Detailed Review No amuse bouche served. 'Marinated Sea Scallop'. Grapes and Verjus (Dish Rating, 92%). yelp.com/user_local_phot… Great starter dish.  Delicious and refreshing.  This is a single raw scallop sliced into several pieces.  It's served at a chilled temperature.  What's most apparent at first is the scallop's texture, which is very tender & delicate.  To me it resembles a more modern take on sashimi, but this is far better than any scallop sashimi I've had so far.  The scallop here is much more delicate and has no harsh fishiness to it.  If served by itself, it would have been very effective. Thankfully, the accompanied sauce and condiments worked great as well.  Sauce used was a light chilled broth, with a prominent citrus & bitter flavors which was slightly harsh and acidic by itself.  Along with the sauce, there were more sweet condiments from small grapes and slithers of fresh basil.  These elements all gave the scallop a wonderfully balanced flavor profile of sweet, citrus, & bitter.  Great way to progress to other dishes 'Cardoons' Toasted Hazelnuts, anchovies, olives, and feta. (Dish Rating, 93%) yelp.com/user_local_phot… Cardoons are a vegetable that resemble celery the most, but with a slightly tougher texture.  Some consider it similar to artichoke, but I fail to understand that resemblance.  Also in this dish were fresh thyme and a few slithers of orange peel, which I felt were integral to the dish.  Hazelnuts & olives were chopped finely.  The anchovies were either chopped finely and/or reduced to a part of the sauce. This was a much more interesting than delicious dish.  I enjoyed it all the same, and spent probably 10-15 mins alone savoring it.  The flavors at work here were really a whole lot of fun!  When biting into this dish, the first thing you notice is the crunchy texture, and subtle flavor of the celery-like cardoons.  It's mild and refreshing.  It also pervades the entire duration when you sample the flavors of the dish.  Next thing that hits you, and it does so pretty hard, is the bitter and sourness of the black olives and feta.  The flavor is off-putting at first.  It tend to over-power the flavor of the ingredients that come after it, but gradually this sensation subsides after another two bites or so (I recommend taking very small bites).  The sour & bitterness gradually transition to the more subtle orange peel, to the saltiness of the sardines, and ends delicious nuttiness of the hazelnuts.  It was an adventure, and one that made me deeply regret omitting a wine paring that could have potentially taken it to further heights! Obviously this isn't going to work for everyone.  I felt it was challenging, one that encourages you think as well as enjoy with the palate.  It really paid off well in the end. 'Striped Bass' Toasted green wheat, squash sauce, and trout roe. (Dish Rating, 87%) yelp.com/user_local_phot… Fish was cooked very good, although probably not my favorite type of fish.  It's very flaky and sweet, but not quite as fatty as I usually like.  Texture of the fish was very tender.  With no sauce or condiments, it worked good, but nowhere near as good when paired with them. Flavors here, I felt, were much more straightforward.  The flavors of the fish are pretty easy to brake down, and consist primarily of more sweet flavors.  Biting into the dish, the tender, flaky texture of the fish is most apparent.  Followed after this, is the robust sweet flavor and chewy texture from the oat grains.  Next, there's a slightly more subtle, but still very strong, more fruity sweet flavor from the squash glaze.  It finished well with the pleasant trout roe's juice & brine.  This makes for a dish perhaps more delicious and accessible, than interesting.  It's a dish I would have usually enjoyed a lot, but felt somewhat let down after the far more interesting first two. To be continued, please refer to 'earlier review'.
I was wowed by my experience here. My colleagues and I came here on a Wednesday night, on a mission to satiate our taste buds. We arrived around 6pm and were seated in the Tavern within 10 minutes. The service was impeccable and gracious. Our server was floored by the amount of food we ordered and had a wonderful sense of humor. It was a little noisy in the Tavern as the evening grew (at one point, we had to tell a patron to move his elbow out of our faces) but the point was to consume and enjoy. Appetizers: + Sweetbreads + Open ravioli + Grill and marinated scallops Main course: + Corvina + Meatball + Mushroom lasagna + Pork belly Dessert: + Blueberry Corn Sundae + Chocolate Blackout Cake + Raspberry and Blueberry Crisp I'm not very cultured and didn't know what sweetbreads were (they're glands of animals...bleh) but I tried them anyway. Everything was delicious, although a few dishes (the lasagna in particular) were kind of dry. Our server must have found us to be charming from the massive amounts of food we ate, because we were generously treated to the Blueberry Corn Sundae. During dessert, we all sat there in silence, happily eating. Overall, Gramercy Tavern was an experience! I can't wait to come back and try the Dining Room :)
Wow!  This was a perfect dining experience.  Great food, great service, gorgeous decor.  We did the three course meal.  Every item was delicious.  The waiter made amazing wine selections. The steak tartare was incredible.  We have been to all the top restaurants in the SF Bay Area and Napa, and the Gramercy Tavern is as good as any.  The prices were actually reasonable for what it is. We plan to go back! This is our new favorite.
This place.. the things I could write about this place! What an amazing experience. The food, the service, the flowers, the atmosphere. I'm in love. First off, the atmosphere. It is a nice restaurant where you can look nice but the men don't have to feel bad about not wearing a tie. It is the perfect amount of formal without being stuffy. Then there are the most gorgeous fresh flowers everywhere. The restaurant is seriously stunning. We did the tasting menu because my dad had really wanted to try it. I am a picky eater and was nervous about some of the items on the tasting menu. Our waiter was fantastic and let me switch out items from the tasting menu with other things I had really wanted to try. The pork bolognese was my favorite! By the last few rounds, I was stuffed. The wine the waiter picked was fantastic as well - they are great at suggestions! The dessert though. OH MY HEAVENS. Get the cookie plate. I have a nut allergy so couldn't eat one and had really wanted to try the banana ice cream and once again they let me swap out. The chocolate crinkle cookie though? That isn't even a favorite cookie of mine in "the real world" but in Grammercy Tavern it is worth dying for. It is absolutely amazing. If their pastry chef is reading this - let's be best friends. The service here is fantastic. You are wonderfully cared for without feeling like you are being hovered over. They know their menu and their chefs and they do everything they can to make this a wonderful experience. Well worth the money.
I've only been here once for lunch at the bar. I forgot how cheap it can be to eat out when you don't order any booze! (Yes, we sat at the bar and didn't drink. We were Those People.) The space is comfy yet classy; the servers wear those vests and ties that flatter the men on the floor while making the women look vaguely like flight attendants; the murals along the walls (by Robert Kushner) and seasonal flower arrangements (by Roberta Bendavid) are beautiful and colorful. The lunch bartender was very handsome, with elegant and apt tattoos, and he was very strict. He would not allow me to substitute the soup that came with my sandwich for the salad on the menu (yes, I was That Girl). However, as he was setting us up with napkins and flatware, he proceeded to spill my glass of water on me. Naturally he had to make amends, and he already knew exactly what I wanted. There is nothing quite like having a comely barman make your lap all wet and then comp you an heirloom tomato salad. It certainly made my afternoon. I seldom skip dessert, even at lunch, and I am glad we didn't this time. The ice cream sundae was unique and vibrant, with popped corn mingling with sweet cream and blueberries, and a small savory corn muffin on the side. (Note that this was some weeks ago; berries and corn -- and the aforementioned tomatoes --  are not so much in season anymore, alas. Still, I imagine there are equally divine treats in store for late fall, both savory and sweet.)
After all these years this place keeps dishing out great food.  Great after work crowd at the bar or it you looking for a calm place swing by between lunch and dinner service, its a limited menu, but even the limited items are amazing. Most folks just eat in the tavern area but the formal dining room is where you experience the kitchen's magic. Great wine list, with some well priced gems.  Yes you can order a $1000 bottle but for $50 you can be just as amazed. The menu changes seasonally so visit seasonally.
They understand both how to have a good menu and fine dining experience. Even the small area in the front has both comfortable tables, impeccable service and great food.  The pasta is great and while they always have delicious meat, the vegetarian choices are superb.  This is a great place for a birthday or special anniversary.
Great overall experience, great waiter and food overall. Definitely a pricey meal, especially with drinks, but is an overall wonderful experience.
When we came we were greeted by warm, smiling faces, which was nice.  As for the space,  it was pretty roomy, and had a warm feel to it.   The food was really good, as was the service.  I only wish I had room for dessert, because judging from the looks of the dessert at the table next to us, it was probably really delicious! P.S.  No lemonade though because lemons were not in season.  Huh, come again???  I thought lemons were always in season.  Guess it's just something I take for granted being in California and all.
I've lived only blocks from this establishment my whole life yet never had the opportunity to go. Therefore, when it came time to choose a restaurant for my Middle School graduation I had the choice of Milos, Jean George, ABC Kitchen or Gramercy Tavern. So I looked up each and read the reviews, in the end Gramercy Tavern sounded outstanding. When I entered the restaurant i was a little confused because there were many people sitting by themselves casually eating burgers etc... I then realized the entrance leads you to the tavern and bar and in the back is the actual restaurant. Just to start off, Gramercy Tavern has a decor resembling a rustic classic American tavern. With large windows in the front and beautiful lighting the ambiance is best described between formal and informal (you can make it what you want). With many art pieces decorating the walls, you don't fell like your in a box.  White tablecloth (customary) meets you at your table. Once settled into our new environment, our waiter greeted us. He informed us on specials, gave us our menus etc... He recommended that if we were to choose the tasting menu it would be best that the whole table order it. It turned out I was the only one who had my eyes set on the tasting menu so we asked if an exception could be made since it was my graduation. The waiter replied, "Of course." The drinks came out.  Being under 21, I ordered an iced tea (regular although passion fruit was available.). The other members of my party ordered rose wine. I will state now that the waiter was quite knowledgeable of what was being served throughout the meal. Also coming around to the tables was a selection of bread:  a sweet, yet savory chive roll (my preferred option) or a sourdough bread (also very good). My first course of the 5 course tasting menu arrived. This dish was an Arctic Char tartare with a yogurt sauce topped with cucumber and edible flowers. It was so fresh and crisp, this dish alone would have left me content. However the next course was bound to come. The second course consisted of a ruby shrimp and red quinoa in a coconut sauce. This was a delicious segueway leading to the next course, a poached halibut finished in a pan with a radish sauce. The fish was so delicate and flaky it was perfect for this point in the meal. The last savory course of the afternoon was a pork belly and pork loin cooked with spinach in a sweeter Asian style sauce. This ended only the first half of my meal. The other people in my party ordered lamb and sea bass --  both receiving outstanding remarks. They started out with a warm lobster salad and clam spaghetti. Next on the agenda was a strawberry mousse cleanser in between our main course and dessert. It did quite a good job in preparing our palettes for the exquisite dishes to come. My tasting menu, still not over, came with a layered chocolate cake with  homemade butter pecan ice cream. First off, it was one of the best cakes i have ever had; it was balanced perfectly. However,  what was really appreciated by me was the "Congratulations" written in cursive on the plate. The ice cream left me speechless:   in each bite there were many pieces of a what tasted like pecan brittle finely chopped. Absolutely lovely. Feeling quite full, I did not try the other desserts we ordered until we brought them home. We ordered a cookie platter with three different types of cookies and an apple tart style dish, both amazing. The restaurant comped us with  a very good bread pudding. And lastly a plate of petits fours were given to us to close our meal. The chocolates belonged in Belgium they were so good. Now that you know how delicious each dish was, it would be wrong not to touch on the fact that each dish in the tasting menu, created by  Executive Chef Michael Anthony,  complemented each other to the utmost extent. This is what truly set this menu apart. The portions were also of proper size. Finally,  I will add that the food was as impeccable as the service. Whether it was my never empty water glass  or my waiter remembering it was my graduation and having "Congratulations" written on my plate. Everything added up to the perfect dining experience. I must say I expected a very nice meal from arguably one of the top ten restaurants in the city however my expectations were far surpassed in every way possible.   It was also quite affordable -- $58 for the lunch tasting menu. Gramercy Tavern is highly recommended to all interested, I am positive you will be pleased. I anticipate the next time i get to go back, hopefully another season,  i will be served a one of a kind meal. By: Jeremy
Dinning at this place was more of an experience/an adventure than just eating out. From the service to the food and the atmosphere, everything was great. We picked the 6 course seasonal meal and glad we did. Although they might look deceivingly small, you're stuffed by the time dessert comes. The Halibut & the duck breast were amazing! I can't really describe the flavor ...it was simply amazing! They had just the right amount of juicyness, texture & flavor. Also, I found interesting how they coordinated each of the plates to match one another, meaning that ex: the soup that they crafted would complement the next dish, etc. I definitely recommend this place. If the place is packed, the service might be just bit slow, but that's expected on a busy day. Do note that it is expensive but worth it!
Gramercy Tavern has been one of my favorite restaurants since the first time I went there back in 2008. But it's been a few years since last I've gone, way too long. I am glad to report that its glory has not diminished. We went with the five course tasting menu. And although portions were small, the flavor was amazing. My favorite was the duck with farro, perfectly medium rare, and the ricotta tortellini. The only disappointment was the lack of the chocolate bread pudding since Nancy Olson is no longer here. The desserts we tried were the chocolate pudding, the cookie plate, and the cranberry brown butter cake were all good, but nothing can compare to the glory of the chocolate bread pudding.
I liked Gramercy Tavern a lot. The service was phenomenal and the decor had the old New York charm to it.  For me, the menu wasn't my favorite ever.  I'm a traditional gal when it comes to my meat...the only thing I could choose here that didn't freak me out was the chicken.  It was delicious as to be expected. In fact I believe that everything here will not dissapoint.   Very romantic, yummy food, a teensy bit boring, super expensive - an older crowd (and maybe "old money") might like it more than I did.
I visited Gramercy Tavern with a friend on a busy Saturday evening.  The wait for a table was well over an hour so we chose to wait for a seat at the bar which was considerably less.  While waiting, I had a glass of the Riesling.  It was perhaps one of my favorite glasses of wine I've had in a very long time. Once seated at the bar, the bartenders were fantastic.  They were extremely helpful in possibly every way imaginable.  When my friend asked the bartender what he recommends, he said "everything is fantastic."  Usually I would groan at that, but in this case, he was probably right.  I chose the Grilled Pork Chop which was absolutely delicious.  My friend had the Arctic Char which she said was fabulous.  She is a big wine lover and wasn't sure what type of wine to have with her dinner, so the bartender recommended two and gave her a tasting.   She was surprised at how good both were.  She finally chose one and was extremely happy with her decision. For desert I had the Chocolate Pudding, my friend the Sticky Toffee Cake.  We let the bartenders choose dessert wines to pair with our deserts and both were extremely tasty. The food was delicious and the bartenders  extremely helpful and willing to take the time to offer recommendations when asked and made sure we enjoyed our meal.  Thank you for a great dining experience!
Great food. Great atmosphere. Had the Concord Grape vodka cocktail. So good- I had another. The steak tartare was fabulous and so was the lamb our server was attentive and the service was impeccable. The dessert was excellent. At the end of the meal we were surprised with an additional selection of treats. After paying the bill we were given another treat- a cinnamon muffin which made a wonderful snack the next day. A wonderful experience. I will definitely return
wow~! really good~! taste~ really gooooooooooooooooooood!! i will go again~! see ya!!!
Absolutely incredible!  I went stag and got a great spot at the bar, after waiting about 20 min. Couples might have a bit longer wait. Believe the hype! Service was spot on and food was delicious! As a single traveler I prefer half bottles of wine. Their selection of half bottles could be improved upon, but I did not complain as I drank my 2008 Chassagne-Montrachet(PN),I forgot the producer. This is my first review on Yelp and I apologize for my spelling and grammar.
I have been going to Gramercy Tavern consistently over the past 5 years.  It is my go to place when family or friends are in town.  This year for my birthday we were treated at the dining room.  Although it is to be expected, the service was absolutely amazing.  Dave, the manager, and Angela, our server, could not have been more wonderful. Gramercy Tavern will always be the place I take everyone I love, because they treat you with such care and the food is consistently amazing. Thank you Dave and Angela for an amazing experience!!  We are so thankful. Christy & Eric
I came here for my 25th birthday dinner last night with my boyfriend and we had a lovely meal. They had my favorite bottle of Riesling: Dragonstone J. Leitz, Rheingau, Germany 2011, so we began with a bottle of that. Our  waitress, Toni, was extremely attentive and kind. We both opted for the six course season tasting menu, which came with the following: -Arctic Char:New Potatoes, Spinach and Capers -Lobster Salad:Pole Beans, Snow Peas and Pickled Ramps -Halibut Green Garlic and Mushroom Broth -Squid Ink Spaghetti:Grilled Calamari, Sesame and Green Chick Peas -Roasted Duck Breast & Thigh:Radish, Almonds and Wheat Berries -Apricot,Panna Cotta, Tapioca Pudding, Coconut and Thyme My favorite dishes were the arctic char and the roasted duck breast. Everything else was good, but not exceptional. The bread they served was delicious, and so was my orange blossom cocktail. Toni also brought out a complimentary coconut cake for my birthday, which was a very nice touch. All in all, it is a beautiful restaurant with good food and great service, but I have had better meals of this caliber before at Tocqueville and Perry St.
You would think a place you have to book weeks in advance would be one the finest dining experiences you can have. Sadly, like many other NYC landmarks, this does not live up to the hype. A complete disappointment.
This is quintessential Danny Meyer - relaxed yet refined decor. Top tier service but friendly and approachable. High quality food prepared to their perfection. A mural of produce is painted on the walls in their own style but I felt it to be an ode to Alice Waters Chez Panisse style. I sat at the bar solo for a late lunch. There were many other of my kind and the bartender was attentive and social to us all. He could tell that I wasn't just passing by and coming in but that I had been trying to squeeze in a visit over my last 3 visits to NYC. I mentioned that I was interested in two of the appetizers and to my surprise, he gave me the one I didn't order anyway saying "I thought you would like to try it". And at the end of my meal he brought me a sampler plate of cookies to go with my cappuccino. Its the little things in dining and food that I love so much. To eat : Grilled octopus with arugula salad, ginger vinaigrette, and grilled fennel. The dressing was very mild - not ginger really. The fennel really made the dish as did the warmth of the octopus and fennel against the cold greens. Calamari Salad - ribbons of sliced calamari with shredded carrot and a citrus vinaigrette. I loved the sauce and the dish entirely. In comparing the two however, the warmth of the octopus made the dish but flavor I liked the calamari. They should make the calamari warm or something. entree: Kielbasa with fingerling potato, whole grain mustard, and house made sauerkraut. The flavors were all so big and bold, in fact, the mustard was the more mild. The 'kraut was very strong; not over cooked and wilted. It perfectly flavored the mild fingerling potatoes.
One of the best meals I've ever had definitely goes to this restaurant.  I guess there's a reason why they won that James Beard restaurant of the year award!  My boyfriend took me here for our one-year anniversary.  Although it's not the most romantic restaurant (pretty decent amount of groups dining here), this restaurant definitely did not disappoint.   Service was great from the start.  We even were surprised with a complimentary glass of sparkling wine to celebrate our special day.  We decided on the summer tasting menu, which was definitely a great choice.  So many memorable dishes like the citrus artic char, perfectly smoked trout, and delicious rack of veal, only to end with the wonderful medley of heavenly desserts.  I'd have to say the main dessert with made with chocolate, hazelnut and mocha was definitely the BEST dessert I've ever had.  The best part was that they sent us home with a little wrapped up gift of coffee cake to have the following morning... to remind us of the wonderful meal we had the night before.
Drinks: had a spiked apple cider (forgot which one it was, but it's from California) and it was delightful - it went very well with the meal. The Old Orleans cocktail was a good pre-meal drink and very apple-y, but I was more impressed with the former. Service: impeccable attentiveness from our waiter, who was very knowledgeable about the dishes and drinks - although I won't expect anything less from a place like this. Didn't feel rushed at all, which is something I always appreciate. Food (ie, the most important factor): - Bread: go with the onion brioche roll, at least that's what I think it was. The country sourdough wasn't memorable and a bit on the dry side. - Amuse: a tiny puff filled with smoked salmon (?) and cheese... I think. A good start to the meal. - App: I got the beef tartare. It's probably one of the best beef tartare I've had because the flavor cut through without being too overwhelming that I can't taste the freshness and quality of the beef. I also liked that the beef wasn't hacked too much and there were still distinct pieces (as opposed to being overly chopped/had a ground meat texture). The crisp brussel sprouts chips accented the dish well. - Main: The smoked Arctic char was a perfectly cooked piece of salmon. I can't emphasize enough how perfectly cooked it was, with a hint of smoke that really upped the fish game. - Palette cleanser: Can't go wrong with grape granita. - Dessert: Apple "pie" with hickory ice cream and black currant jam garnish. Good but not memorable. Someone ordered the cute cookie plate (there were so many cookies!) and I had a taste of the chocolate cookie, which was enough to convince me that I should've ordered that instead.
We came here for our anniversary dinner and they definitely made us feel special during the meal.  Our waiter whose name of course I forget, was so so so nice.  They wrote happy anniversary on our dessert dishes and brought out extra desserts for the occasion.  Too bad I hate cheesecake or I would have devoured that one too! When we first sat down I told our waiter about our food allergies and then every time a dish was delivered to us the server would state that it did not have nuts/carrots/shellfish in it.  I trusted them but I thought that was very thorough.  It would have been just a little better if he had known that the other complementary dessert, macarons, are made with almonds but that was okay.   For the appetizer, my boyfriend had the smoked trout and I had the corn custard.  Both dishes were perfectly flavored. For the main course I had the lamb and my boyfriend had the duck.  I loved that the lamb was cooked in different ways and I thought the portion sizes were perfect. For dessert I had the chocolate bread pudding and my boyfriend had the peanut butter semifreddo.  Then they brought out cheesecake with sorbet and a small plate of chocolates and miniature macarons.   Everything really was great but especially the quality of the waitstaff is remarkable.  When I asked for the server to point out the restroom he instead brought me to it. Also, I think it is worth mentioning that we ordered a bottle of wine which the waiter helped me pick out (the perfect bottle).  Corison from Napa Valley.  Really perfect.  But the part worth mentioning is that the price they charge is really close to the price it retails for so they don't try to gouge you.   This really felt like a special experience and I think it is more the experience than really the food in particular that makes this place so remarkable.  I also appreciated the follow up email thanking me for dining at GT.  Well done folks.
Maybe it was the food, the attentive service, or the fact that my baby was with me...or maybe it was all three...but I had a fabulous time at Gramercy Tavern.  T. took me there for our 1-year anniversary.  To start off (as usual), we stuffed our faces with the selection of bread that seemed to continuously be filled on our table.  The amuse bouche was a small shot of chilled corn soup that had so much flavor packed into a tiny little slurp.   For our first actual course, T. ordered the tagliolini neri allo scoglio (squid ink noodles with seafood) and I ordered the lamb ragu linguini that we both thoroughly enjoyed.  The portions were quite large, so I was pretty full at this point...but I still had two more courses to go. Following that, T. ordered the lamb shank and I got the sirloin and filet. I felt like the man. haha.  I paired that with a nice merlot and man, I was in heaven!   Finally the best part -- dessert!  Not realizing that we would get a bunch of additional goodies (dessert amouse bouche of a sorbet with a creme foam and a plate of truffles), we decided to splurge and order three desserts: chocolate bread pudding, a peanut butter-wafer-chocolate-toffee dessert, and the cheesecake.  Those were listed in the order of our liking.  Though every dessert was fabulous, we definitely agreed that the chocolate bread pudding was the ultimate -- creamy and moist, rich and chocolatey. The service, ambience, food presentation and quality of food definitely allows Gramercy Tavern to live up to the hype!
I went to the cafe side of Gramercy Tavern a week ago while on a visit to New York. I had heard AMAZING things about it ( of the it-is-the-best-restaurant-in-NY camp) so I was very excited to try it. Eh. We started off with some sparkling rose which was nice, but nothing special. My app was a grilled calamari which was actually quite delicious. My main was a gigantic cheese stuffed meatball - it was pretty tasty but nothing mind-blowing. The meat had the consistency of meatloaf - it had more of a puree'd texture than I'm used to. I had a taste of my dining companion's pork chops - I don't even remember it, probably because it was so-so. On a good note, the service was pretty good. Our water guy was on top of things. The decor was pretty kitchy though. More gaudy and old school than I expected. Maybe it's not my style. So all in all, my entire experience didn't quite live up to the fame of this place. Maybe the more formal side has better food?
Excellent. I had mentioned on the phone when i made reservations that it was our anniversary celebration and we were greeted when we got there with "Happy Anniversary" and complimentary glass of champagne. Nice touch!. Needless to say this set the tone for the night. Great service, great wine, great crowd, people watching galore!. food was delicious. I had the best piece of fish i have had in a while!. Restaurant was packed on a Tuesday night. After a great meal, we were even gifted a couple of muffins made by the chef for breakfast next day. Awesome!. We sat at the main dining room but the tavern side of the restaurant was also happening. Fun, fun. Will be back when in NY, next time maybe will try the tasting menu.
All around this is an amazing place to spend your night. Superb cocktail menu, beer menu that rivals the best in nyc. Excellent service. The food all sounds mediocre on the menu but every dish we tried had unreal flavor. The ratio for price/quality here may also be unrivaled in nyc.
Came right in time for my 5:30 reservation, was seated about 5 min later after checking in my coat and umbrella. They had a confirmation call a couple days before my reservation letting me know the prefix menu type of menu, dress code and any special accommodations of time restriction they needed to keep in mind, we had a 7:30pm show and they made note of that.  Excellent attentiveness! Servers were extremely professional and nice. Explained anything on the menu.  Me and my gf got the prefix 3 course dinner. Amuse bouche was a puff pastry filled with cheese. First course I got the beef carpaccio, was excellently seasoned and surest flavor, had lots of celery in it which luckily I like. Main course I had duck breast and confit, it was cooked perfectly a medium rare to medium doneness and was tender and the skin was extremely flavorful. We got a little panna cotta with granola and a berry before dessert. For dessert I got the bread pudding, I'm not a huge sweet guy but it was pretty dang good. I loved the food and level of service.  A little on the pricey side ~$240 for 2 people without drinks after tax and tip. I gave it this a 4/5 just because of the value factor but the food and service were top notch.  Great  anniversary or special occasion date place.  Enjoyed my experience!
Delicious food, great service. Went for lunch yesterday and they were happy to accommodate a 5th person at a 4-top table who joined us for coffee at the end. Really liked the fall themed decor and murals in the cafe (right next to the restaurant). Enjoyed the lamb with pappardelle for my first course and the fish as my second, also yummy. Everyone else seemed to really enjoy their meals as well. The coffee and dessert were also delicious. They provided delicious complimentary petit fours as well. We weren't rushed at all and had a nice chance to catch up with some family we hadn't seen in a while. Actually this place had to have the most attentive water service ever! I left very hydrated and never had to ask for more water. Great food, great service, nice atmosphere for visiting with people you like. I highly recommend GT!
Thank you Carrie for making our anniversary amazing :) Our waitress was perfect, she suggested great wine and helped us make our tasting menu awesome I surprised my husband for our anniversary for lunch here and soon as we came in everyone was all smiles and warmth When we sat down we were wished by our waitress and was served a glass of prosecco each to start of the experience We went for the 5 course tasting menu and every lil bite was amazing I had a glass of Sauvignon blanc and he has a glass Smuddy Nose Imperial IPA Dessert was the best part, not only did we get our dessert from the tasting menu but the restaurant surprised us with an amazing delicious mini coconut cake with happy anni written on the plate It was a beautiful experience and we would come back again Thank you guys for a great afternoon :)
The tasting menu at Gramercy Tavern was the first time in my life I had spent more than $100 on a meal. But boy, it was worth it. The occasion was my parents' 25th anniversary, and since we were taking a family trip to the Big Apple, we wanted to do something special. The food was incredible - if it weren't gauche, I'd have licked the plates. Despite that this was high-end dining, the ambiance was warm, cozy, and inviting. And, after what felt like our 18th course, the servers mentioned that "they had heard it was a celebration" and brought out the final dessert with "Happy Anniversary" written along the plate in chocolate, along with complimentary champagne. The staff here went out of their way to make our evening extra special. Thanks for earning my brother and I some "good children" points, guys.
For all its hype and fame, Gramercy Tavern is like someone with Old Money - -classy, relaxed, gracious with a "been-there, done-that" attitude in a very self-effacing, secure way.  Not snobby or pretentious, with a warm, friendly staff, easy-going bartenders and some really great chow and shockingly reasonable prices, I see Gramercy Tavern as a place where you could comfortably come alone and feel right at home.   Later in the evening, there was a "wait" for a seat at the bar, but that's only because our group was hogging up like 1/2 the place (sorry, people waiting).  One guy seemed to be visibly annoyed that one of us was in what he considered "his" seat.  Clearly, a regular who sees Gramercy Tavern as an extention of his own home, and I can see from being there just one night how you could easily get that feeling. My husband and I had an assorted cheees plate, which had a very thoughtful and interesting cheese selection and a pork shoulder soup/stew something-er-other which had a mega-tender pork shoulder bathing in a fragrant and fantastic broth, happily cavorting with a some of the most unsung heros of the winter vegetable world (sweet potato, brussel spouts, leeks). We're going back.  Hope no one is in my seat.
I went last night and had the vegetable tasting menu.  To say the least, the food was fantastic. Amuse:  A toothpick of beets, radish, mint, and tomato with a dot of beet vinaigrette.  It was refreshing, but I've had better and more interesting amuses. First course:  Heirloom Cauliflower & House Cured Ham with Sherry Vinaigrette.  The cauliflower was cooked perfectly and still retained a great amount of crispness.  The house cured ham was excellent.  The dressing was very light and did not overpower. Second course:  Parsnip Soup with Brussel Sprouts and Nantucket Bay Scallops.  This was my favorite savory dish of the night.  The soup was creamy, tangy, but light.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and simply melted in my mouth.  The brussel sprouts were delicious and not at all bitter. Third course:  Fennel and Lemon Risotto with Razor Clams.  This was a close second for me in terms of savory dishes.  This lemon risotto was unlike any I have had; it did not have that sort of artificial tasting lemon flavor.  There is only a hint of the tartness of the lemon, which was wonderful because it did not overpower.  The thin slivers of crystallized orange peels on top were the perfect complement.  I also thoroughly enjoyed the taste and texture of the razor clams which really made the dish more meaty and filling. Fourth course:  Warm Salad of Vegetables and Farro.  This was probably the most disappointing dish, but I did appreciate the variety of vegetables used.  Each different vegetable tasted like it was a different dish, which made what is otherwise just a simple warm salad more interesting. Fifth course:  Ricotta Ravioli in a Butternut Squash Sauce with Spinach and Lardo atop a thin toast.  The butternut squash sauce was deliciously sweet.  The ravioli were small but cooked perfectly; you could really taste the fresh and al dente pasta wrapper.  The thin slice of lardo atop an equally thin slice of toast offered a good contrasting texture and flavor. Sixth (surprise) course:  Concord grape granita and ginger ice cream!  Yes, this course deserves an exclamation point because it was such a pleasant and comforting surprise to be served what is the equivalent of a grape sno-cone for dessert (higher quality, of course).  I preferred to eat the ginger ice cream separately from the ice, but the two did go well together. Seventh course:  Chocolate praline mousse with roasted hazelnut creme and a scoop of mocha-Grand Marnier ice cream.  This is by far the best dessert I have ever had at an upscale restaurant, where the dessert course is almost always a disappointment.  The chocolate hazelnut flavor really comes through; the mousse was delightfully fluffy; the super-thin slice of praline provided an ever so slight crispness to each bite; and the little sliver of chocolate cake at the bottom simply made my day. Mignardise:  Chocolate peanut butter truffles, almond cakes, pear gelee, almond and chocolate covered toffee, and gold-dusted chocolate with cherry filling.  This was by far the best mignardise collection I have ever been offered at any restaurant -- super high quality ingredients, great execution, and wonderful variety. Final little surprise:  A little to-go bag containing a cinnamon swirl coffee cake muffin for breakfast the next day.  With the grape sno-cone equivalent already making me so giddy I could hardly contain myself, this simply pushed me over the edge.  Having now consumed it for breakfast along with some obligatory Earl Grey tea, I have to say it's not the best I've had, but it's decent, and it's the thought that counts. A dinner companion ordered the autumn tasting menu, and so we all had a bite of each of his dishes.  The Citrus Cured Arctic Char, the Pumpkin Soup with fresh Peekytoe Crab and Celery Root, the Smoked Trout with Cippollini Puree and Pickled Onion Vinaigrette, the Grilled Sturgeon with Brussel Sprouts and Chestnuts were all excellent.  I don't eat veal, so I did not taste the Rack of Veal with Rutabega Crab Apple and Wild Mushrooms that came as the final savory course, but the review from the diner was quite positive.  The other tasting dessert that came to the table was an excellent Pear Tart with Almond Creme and Lemon Sorbet.  I typically do not like cooked pears in desserts, but this one was delicious. Overally, Gramercy Tavern really won me over more with its sweet rather than savory offerings, but I thoroughly enjoyed everything I had.  It's more of a special occasion restaurant given the price and setting, so I don't see myself going back again, but it was still a memorable meal and I highly recommend it to others who are in NY searching for a meal that will make them feel "light as a feather."
Came here for lunch on a weekday around 12:30 and was seated right away. I loved every single dish we had. It was perfect. We shared 2 appetizers and 1 main dish between 2 people. They also serve bread made in heaven while you wait for your food. We had: Tuna tartare (crazy good. They have their fish imported from somewhere that gets there in less than 10 hours) Porchetta flat bread (I think the bread is deep fried. Amazing texture and flavour) Arctic char (Every ingredient served a purpose. Very well thought out but simple at the same time) The atmosphere was very cozy and casual. The servers were very attentive.
I went  to Brunch with a group of 8  friends in from California this past Sunday. The service was excellent. The Hostess was accomadating very very friendly. The service was vey good. The Goose Liver Pate'  was one of the best i have ever had. The Lobster Rolls were incredible. Everything was reasonably priced. I would definitely go back to this well run establishment. Danny Meyer knows how to run his restaurants. A definite 5 Star *****
I'm really in between 3 and 4 stars, but I'm going to go with 3.  Of course the ambience is very nice, as is the waitstaff.  We were seated at a table next to where the waiters put in their orders and since it was early in the night it was a little distracting.  The food was good but not great.  For an appetizer I ordered the beef carpaccio, it was just underwhelming in taste.  As a main course I had the pork loin & belly, which was good and better than the appetizer, but I was still left hungry after these two courses.  For the price of the two courses, I really don't think it was worth it at all.   Now here is where Gramercy Tavern gets there stars: Dessert.  By now I will admit I was a little grumpy and then when this dessert that looked like cat food was served to me I was a bit worried, but it was AMAZING.  Seriously one of the best desserts I've ever had!  I also tasted one of their chocolate desserts and that was excellent as well.  I might go back and just sit in the tavern, order a burger, and then indulge on their desserts.
Gramercy Tavern is the kind of restaurant that makes you willing to skip brunch for lunch. From the moment we entered, we felt transported to the rustic yet classy French countryside with its arrangement of flowers and open kitchen. Although proper dress is requested on the sign at the door, we made it in with nice sneakers. We were kindly greeted and easily found two seats at the giant front bar. Bo had his usual Bloody Mary - a bit on the peppery side. I had the Mimosa with fresh orange juice. (However, I should have experimented with their specialty Orange Blossom cocktail - sparkling wine with St. Germain elderflower liquer and orange bitters. Got to live a little right?) For the meal, we had: * SUNCHOKE SALAD Apples, Walnuts and Cured Pork - it's not often you find sunchokes! * MERQUEZ SAUSAGE Chickpeas, Swiss Chard, Almonds and Harissa * PULLED PORK SANDWICH Cole Slaw and Pickled Swiss Chard * SMOKED KIELBASA Fingerling Potatoes, Sauerkraut and Grain Mustard - a surprising favorite * THREE CHEESE DESSERT Selection of Goat, Sheep and Cow's milk cheeses This is a popular yet relaxing atmosphere with just the right space and lighting. Typically, we would have preferred a more attentive bartender (they should have a sixth sense when the wine glasses are empty) but we didn't mind too much since everything else was perfect. It's the kind of place to bring your folks or have a business meal. Of course, they also had a charming vanity room. (Folks who know me well know that I always have to check out the details in the restroom.) I've had lunch there twice and am looking forward to the third time!
Amazing food, service and ambiance. This place lives up to the hype. The pumpkin soup was full of flavor and the chicken paired nicely with a lovely white burgundy from their awesome wine list. Our server knew so much about the wine and the food and was very attentive.  My mom was a little overwhelmed by the dessert list as it is long and full of delicious options that are a little more creative than she's used to. Our server so patiently and nicely broke everything down for her so she picked the perfect thing--cookies and milk (7 different types of cookies, it was like Christmas in October).
The food here is wonderfully flavorful and beautifully arranged.  The atmosphere is also very nice.  I love the country feel of the decor.  Definitely save room for dessert, everything on the dessert menu is delicious!   The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because of slow service.  The waiter was very impatient with us and didn't come over as often as he should have.
excellent a definite yes.  good service food wonderful please go and check it out
This is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.  The menu was not unusual, but the food is some of the best for the price.  Service was also excellent. The night we were there, the kitchen had accidentally screwed up our main course (brought the wrong ones).  The server apologized and brought us an extra app (we already order apps) while we were waiting for the main course to be prepared.  It was nice.  On top of that, they also brought us dessert on the house. The food is excellent here and I would eat here again when I'm in NYC.
GENERAL: Gramercy Tavern has two dining spaces: the Tavern, and the dining room itself.  The outer room has a very trendy feel to it, with a wall of greenery and beautiful oak floors, and a busy bar with delicious cocktails.  It is walk-in only, so try your luck here!  The dining room is significantly more sophisticated, with the understated elegance of a timeless space that offers fantastic a la carte and prix fixe meals. MY VISIT: We ate in the dining room, and chose to indulge in both tasting menus.  Two at our table ordered the all vegetarian menu, while two others opted for the seasonal choices.  While expensive, both were exceptional, and it was great to be able to taste that many dishes, and it was well worth treating ourselves.  The service was quirky and impeccably timed.  Each dish was well explained as it was presented, and our waiter allowed us to substitute our desserts for anything from the menu, which was a nice surprise. Finally, the bottles and individual glasses of wine he suggested as pairing were confidently presented and very well matched.   Some standouts throughout the dinner were - the halibut in a garlic and mushroom broth that had a beautifully smooth finish, the fried green tomato that tasted like comfort food to the n-th scale of classy, and the squid ink tagliatelle topped with a rich lobster and tomato confit.  Finally, the finishing touch of fresh strawberries, green tea custard and a soft caramelized brioche was airy and smooth, and clearly crafted with great fresh ingredients. I can't wait to be back to try a new seasonal menu!
I absolutely love the atmosphere. I don't know if it's the fall season or the leftover Halloween decor, but I felt like I walked into someone's kitchen/home. It has such a homey feel. The lighting is dim(mer) but not overwhelming dim that makes you uncomfortable. It was packed for a Friday night and to be expected. Tables around me seem to be celebrating an occasion. I saw a lot of anniversaries. Pre-fix menu was $88 for an appetizer, a main entree and a dessert.  The Tasting menu was $118 for twice as much food (smaller portions) and a complete different menu.  The pictures are from the #118. A bottle of 2010 Riesling, Germany was $90, glass was ~$15.00. Bread was not toasty but had couple of variety. Butter was soft and slightly salted (i love that). I'm not going to go into details about each dish but my favorites were the scallops and lobster salad. Both had grapes, pear or some fruit in it. I love fruits in my food and it added such a light, nice touch. The scallops were served raw but I couldn't taste the fishiness cause the sweetness of the grapes and sauce covered it nicely. Some may argue a bit too much (depending on how you like to taste you raw scallops). I ended up focusing on the texture of the scallops and not had to worry about biting into one with an "icky" fishy taste. The lobster salad had apples and some root. Super good. The root was grilled adding a charred taste to the light lobster. slightly flavored. the flavors were not overwhelming. You get to natural flavors of the individual ingredients. The tasting menu had two desserts. Both good for this class of food, but I wasn't super duper crazy for it. The dining experience ended with after dinner coffee and complimentary muffins for the next morning.
We had dinner here last night and thought it was just pretty good.  They have a prix fixe menu for $88 apiece and there are plenty of options.  I had the smoked trout appetizer and the pork loin and belly main.  Wifey had the butternut squash turine thingy as an app and the chicken and sausage for main.   Overall we were pleased but definitely not blown away or really even delighted.  It all felt like it was solid and good but nothing special.   The service, which we were expecting to be sublime based on all the reviews, was kindof average, too.  We were sat near the waiter's station and they had plenty of attendants, but we felt hovered over - someone would swoop in right as you finished the last bite.  Also, the waiters who delivered our food (not the same who took our order) spoke such poor english that you couldn't hear the description of what they were delivering. The desserts, however, were a highlight and pretty great.
We really enjoyed the bar here and would love to come back for a meal since the menu looks great.  The atmosphere is fantastic especially on a Sunday afternoon. I had my first ever hot chocolate Martini, which was amazing.  My friend enjoyed a hot cider with bourbon.  Fantastic!
Was here for a business meeting back in September and the food was fantastic.  Everything was perfect and each dish was very well prepared.  Read the reviews.  You can't go wrong here.
Finally made it here after all this time. Thanks to my dear friend treating me for my birthday, I got to savor all the goodness the tasting menu has to offer. Favorite dish has gotta be the poached lobster salad and desserts.. Also LOVE the way the dining room is decorated, it has a classy yet cozy vibe, not stuffy at all. 5 stars for ambience Read no more. come experience :D
This is a classy joint. I went with a group on a Friday night with no reservation. Our initial plans had gotten messed up for a variety of reasons, thus putting us in this somewhat desperate predicament. Fortunately, the staff at Gramercy were great and got us set up without too much of a wait. Prior to sitting down we enjoyed some of the cocktails at the bar and all were delicious. Best of all, they have Turley Zinfandel available by the glass, so that's always a nice option. All of the options available on the menu were great. Unfortunately we weren't in the main dining area so we couldn't try any of the really fancy looking stuff, but their regular (plebian) menu still had some really awesome things going for it. I for one had the meatball. It's a single meatball, served over some root vegetable puree. It's seasoned and cooked perfectly. It comes dangerously close to being a meatloaf, but doesn't quite cross the line. I'm going to go here again sometime soon. Very nice place. Give it a try.
This review is just for the bar. The entire restaurant is very beautiful and classy like their drinks. A nice crowd. I have never had such a good martini and I have had tons. I don't know how he mixed that gin or prepared that lemon twist but the bartender really knows what he is doing. I had a couple martinis after sharing a couple bottles of sparkling wine and needless to say I was totally fortified! A nice place.
Went for lunch where there was a substantial business crowd. The space is larger than I expected; the atmosphere was more bustling than romantic. The service was prompt, efficient and friendly.  I had the ruby red shrimp and the striped bass. Both were flawless. LIked it a lot, great for business lunches, groups, not for a romantic date.
The experience was good for an average restaurant standard, but it was Gramercy Tavern, so the last thing I expected to say was the service was really sub-par, which is simply unacceptable. Obama ate here last week if you don't mind... Chef Tom Colicchio must be too busy handling all the business networking but disregard actual delivering quality and happiness to customers. I was very disappointed. Let me start off by saying the best part of this restaurant, which would be dessert courses, but... it was very hypocrite. ( I will explain later) Bread was either burnt, or tasted like rock. When the bread crumbs got messy, they didn't come clean up. We didn't order wine, but beer and cocktails, however they neglected to take away the wine glasses until the dessert course. The whole area with waiters hustle-and-bustle around - it was very hectic, as in one of those touristy chain restaurants. Note that we were even dining at the formal dining room. Food was okay, somewhat tasty and creative.  But at the end, they "generously" gave us 6 desserts (1 yogurt prelude, 2 from prix-fixe, 1 full size new creation, 1 set of petite six, and 2 muffins to take-home for breakfast). It sounds attentive, but no, trying so hard to bribe us by sweets with so many dissatisfying points in the first place... that's just awkward.   BTW it was not easy to get a reservation at the formal dining room, but to my great surprise upon arrival I found out the casual Tavern room was so much more adorable. This is NOT a fine dining spot, even they charge high price. If there were a next time, should just walk in to the Tavern room. I would demand an apology before giving another shot though. A lot of people here seem to be tourists, and the place matches, ambiance-wise, decor-wise, food-wise. I get it, you want to deliver the "farm-to-table" concept, but the food, as far as I could tell, is not healthy. Personally I'd rather choose Giorgio's Gramercy's, over Gramercy Tavern, which deliver almost exact kind of food, with way better service, at way cheaper price.
Gramercy Tavern came out as a top spot in response to my Talk posting "Expense account lunch spot around Union Square". Thanks to the Yelp members who responded with suggestions.  I usually think of GT for dinner/drinks on a cold winter night so I probably wouldn't have ended up here.  Lunch in the front room tavern turned out to be a pleasant alternative to stand-bys like Blue Water Grill. Like the main dinning room, service in the tavern was excellent but not overbearing. The lunch crowd was upscale but also included customers with "nice" shorts and t-shirts. I went all out with game meat: venison sausage appetizer and stuffed rabbit saddle with rabbit sausage as an entre. Both dishes were prepared simply without extra sauces so the flavor of the meat stood out.  The spaetzle with the rabbit provided just the right amount of contrast for the meat. It was a refined lunch that in the end with a couple drinks wasn't so expensive especially when someone else is picking up the tab - $100 including tip for 2. I'll still think of GT as a spot for a drink at the bar on a snowy winter eve with friends but it also works very nicely for a deliciously special lunch.   (photos: venison sausage, rabbit saddle, interior tavern and exterior window)
Birthdays come but once a year (still far too frequent in my opinion). As I prepared to enter my quarter life crisis, my partner-in-food did his best to help me forget my woes of growing older with a surprise dinner at Gramercy Tavern. What a dinner it was! We both ordered the Vegetarian Tasting Menu consisting of the following: -Radish & Kohlrabi Salad -Country Egg -Sugar Snap Peas & Cucumber -Barley Risotto -Baby Carrots, Shiitake & Spiced Almonds -Warm Salad of Vegetables & Black Lentils -Spinach Fettuccine -Green Garlic & Mushrooms It took us a while to settle on a wine. The waiter suggested a Riesling Austrian called Stift Göttweig, a compromise to my dry, crisp preference and my partner's sweet tooth. One sip and I could not have been more pleased with the choice. As for the dishes (starting with my least favorite), the amuse bouche served at the start was odd in flavor and unimpressive. Everything else, however, was spectacular. From the initial radish salad to the barley risotto, the food was a feast for my eyes and mouth. The final entree of spinach fettuccine served with whole garlic cloves tasted especially unique yet not overpowering as one might expect with garlic. We also ordered a plate of five cheeses. Despite the fact I no longer recall our various selections months later as I write this, I do recall the taste--perfection. Murray Greenberg, former owner of the infamous Murray's Cheese in West Village, would be hard pressed to find a more delicious serving of coagulated milk (besides his own of course). The plates were perfectly proportioned allowing for fullness without the feeling of being stuffed. The waiter was very accompanying and patient, even as we discussed the pros and cons of the meal using him as a mediator. For dessert, we had the peanut butter-wafer-chocolate-toffee and the rhubarb shortcake. Both were amazing, but not near as good as the main courses. Friends and colleagues have always raved about the upscale eatery located off E 20th between Broadway and Park. Following my quarter life crisis birthday dinner, I understand why. With its innovative menu, impressive interior, superb service, and amazing food, Gramercy Tavern is a place I recommend often. It's perfect for special occasions, get-togethers, Monday nights, Tuesday evenings, Wednesday afternoons--well, you get the idea. I have dined at countless restaurants since Gramercy Tavern. It still ranks as my number 1, personal favorite restaurant in New York City. Danny Meyer, you done good.
We are at the Tavern part of the restaurant for lunch and were extremely pleased with both our food and cocktail selections! The menu as created keeping all tastes and dietary restrictions in mind and undoubtedly  used the finest ingredients out there. The nice part is that no reservations are necessary for afternoons at the tavern---front of the restaurant. Only if you use the main dining room, is it mandatory to make one prior to visiting. Nights though get pretty packed at either part, so a reservation is recommended. What I loved most is the ambiance. It's so aesthetically pleasing with the large floral arrangements and old world charm created by the tables (inspired by old Sewing machines) and long bar area. The drinks were something worth writing home about- so tasty and super strong...they are not messin' around. I'd definitely come back for the nighttime tasting menu.
Food:  Very solid but not mind blowing prix fixe menu.  The lamb entree was juicy but terribly small, the watermelon/lobster chilled tomato soup was muy interesante and the dessert of pineapple upside down cake was quite serviceable.  I tried to go for the weirdest menu items (as espoused by noted food writer and economist Tyler Cowen) but in the end, there was very little "wow" factor though to reiterate, everything was really good. Wine:  Goddamn, they have a legit list of vino.  It's pretty rare that you see McKenzie & Mueller in a restaurant, least of all on the East Coast...  it's not a prestige cult winery by any means, but the owners are really good people who have a strong desire to make the best product possible, so it was nice to see them getting props in NYC.  Also had an amazing glass of a Super Tuscan Barolo and was surprised that they would even offer it by the glass. Service:  Impeccable.  Our server was on point and made sure that we got out under our time constraints.  There was a whole team of bussers, food runners, servers and support guys that made the dinner flow from one course to the next.  Cannot say nicer things about the service staff at the restaurant. Price/Value:  I guess I can't complain too much because my buddy and I ended up drinking about $100 worth of wine, and I guess things in NYC are just more expensive...  but damn man.  I gotsta stop trying to ball out like these rich motherfuckers and know my place as their entertaining parasite. Overall:  $330 for the two of us, which I picked up because my buddy is amazingly generous and pays for big shit like hotels, transportation and entertainment.  If the food were a bit more transcendent, or a little cheaper, I would've been all about the five star rating, but as is, Grammercy Tavern is a solid 4 star rating in my book.
My wife and I loved our meal here last night. Same attentive service as 11 Madison, but a little more relaxed feel. We did the 3 course prix fix. The appetizer we thought outshone the entrees we selected. Warm Crab Crepe and Lobster Salad were delicious. Tasty chunks of crab in a great sauce and interesting presentation. Big chunks of lobster in the fresh salad. We ordered the Lamb and Pork belly entrees. They were good, but not as memorable. Desserts made the meal totally worth it. We got the Peanut Butter Semifreddo on a chocolate macaron and sprinkled with carmelized peanuts. It is super sweet, but so good. We also go the Blueberry nectarine tart with almond icecream. Very good icecream. The little appetizers and petit fours at the end of the meal are always a pleasant surprise. Advice: Make reservations early (DAYS in advance) if you want an regular 7:30-8:30 dinner time. We tried to make one the day before and they only had a 5:30 time slot. Early, but the meal did last 2 hours. Extensive wine list- ask your waiter for advice choosing one. They seem to be very well versed.
Came here for a family dinner and our table tried the summer tasting menu.  At $113 per person, it was anything but affordable, but when Mom & Dad are paying, it's all good.  The food and service was impeccable, despite some weirdness in the very beginning when the hostess told me a member of my party had arrived and was in the bathroom, which she clearly was not (after calling her name at the filled stalls).   The sea scallops were tender, the soup (I forget what it was exactly) was delicious, and I don't usually like soup, and the fettucini w/hare was good.  The steak was amazing (another thing I don't usually eat). As for the desserts... chocolicious!  So GOOD!  We also received some confections from the baker after dessert (which were unnecessary as everyone was full to exploding) that were among the best candies I've ever tasted in my life.  There was this peanut butter ball... enough said!
Whether you are young, old, or somewhere in between, I think you'd be able to find something you'd enjoy at Gramercy Tavern. When I was there, I saw a wide age range, ranging from a baby in a stroller to a group of well-aged women. ;) Sit back, relax, be served by the amazing waitstaff, and just have a great meal. I found the attitude of the waitstaff here to be extremely welcoming and friendly to anyone. I heard that they're trained by the Union Square Hospitality Group -- same group that trains Eleven Madison Park. Didn't matter whether you were wearing an Armani suit or an H&M outfit, they were ready to be at your service with a smile. There is a dining area where they serve a full tasting menu -- six courses for $120 -- or the tavern area where they serve an abridged tasting menu -- four courses for $48 and $20 for a beer pairing. The tavern tasting menu is a pretty good deal for nice dinner out, but not one that you want to go all out on. You can also order items from the tasting menu a la carte. I arrived at around 7:30pm on a Thursday, and was seated at the bar in about 30 minutes. The wait for a table in the tavern area was about an hour and a half. There's also a wait list for bar seating, which I think is a good idea, so people aren't crowding around the bar waiting for food. Lesson: make reservations unless you're willing to get here right around opening time or wait an hour and a half. The dishes I ordered were all very unique, creative, and prepared with care. The best was the GRILLED OCTOPUS. It was a bit spicy, a bit toasted, and a bit crunchy. The texture of the octopus was like it had been massaged for hours. A delight to eat. The other dishes I got were the root vegetable appetizer and the sea bream entree. They were both an interesting mix of flavors and textures. I wasn't a huge fan of the mix of raw and cooked nor the garlic anchovy dip in the root vegetable appetizer, but it was definitely different. The sea bream also had a mix of warm fish and cold, raw vegetables, which was another interesting combination that I hadn't seen before. The fish was the perfect texture though, cooked just right. You can't go wrong with Gramercy Tavern, and you can enjoy a good meal without having to worry about hurting your wallet (at least not as much as some of the other top restaurants in New York). Next time I'll have to go in on one of their amazing looking desserts!
Wow. Amazing food. First, let me say that I hate going to nice restaurants that are stuffy and pretentious. Gramercy Tavern was not like that at all--at least in the tavern section (haven't had a chance to eat in the dining room yet). The waitress was extremely professional yet fun at the same time. We got the grilled octopus and a special lamb sausage for appetizers. The sausage was just okay but the octopus was amazing. I've never had octopus that was so soft and juicy and not chewy at all. I would go back just for the octopus. But fortunately, the octopus was not the only great thing on the menu. I got the Arctic Char--lobster, mussels and sunchokes (?). I had never heard of Arctic Char before; I guess it's similar to salmon. In any case, it was delicious. I got the White Chocolate Macadamia Mousse for dessert with rhubarb sorbet. My mouth is watering just thinking about how good it was. Draft beer selection was a small but excellent selection of independent brews. Overall, I thought it was a great value considering the quality of food. Entrees in the upper teens, low twenties. Most appetizers and desserts under $10.
We went after a show on a Wednesday night around 10:45.  We sat in the tavern and had an amazing meal.  We ordered the the 3-course for $38 and added another entree.  Everything was coursed out for us which was fantastic.  We began with a fish croquette with a warm spinach salad which was excellently paired with our 1/2 pints of craft beer.  We moved on to the meatball which was very hearty and filling.  Next came, the excellent hangar steak which we paired with an Umbrian Italian wine.  This was a lot of food.  I would suggest sharing the 3-course menu and not getting an extra entree unless you have a big appetite.  Next came dessert - chocolate cake with salted carmel crushed peanuts and sour vanilla ice cream.   This dessert was pair with a double-shot of Blue Bottle Espresso.  Including Tax and Tip dinner for 2 for $110 for some amazing cuisine.   The service hear was excellent.  Our waiter took good care of us and did not rush us even though it was near closing time.
I've only had the opportunity to dine in the tavern (bar) area, but it's still as good as it gets. Everything from the reception at the door to the perfectly prepared sweetbreads were top notch. I particularly loved watching the open kitchen area that's in view from the tavern... the chefs take such care with each plate. Gramercy's main dining room is really only in my "special occasion" budget, but the Tavern menu is delightful and easily accessible price-wise so I can make a random Monday night feel like a special occasion!
I was really impressed with Gramercy Tavern's reaction following a less than stellar experience (see my previous review). Based on the general manager's kind and sincere response and all the wonderful things I had heard about this restaurant from friends who have dined here I decided to partake in a second dinner during a recent brief stay in New York City. Definitely a far superior experience. While it certainly helped that my wife was feeling a lot better, both the service (different team of servers) and food quality were vastly improved. Our wait staff was far more attentive and much friendlier; the GM stopped by a couple of times as well to ensure things were progressing smoothly but also was very jovial. Our lead server had solid command of the menu and helped guide us with our selections (we again opted for the three course prix fixe as we had indulged in lengthy tasting menus the night before and had one scheduled for the night after - but in the future I would opt for the tasting menu; not a lot more money but double the courses and they had some delicious sounding offerings on the tasting menu). My starter of tagliatelle pasta with pork bolognese was phenomenal and definitely my favorite course of the night (the sauce was amazing), though my sea bass entree with bok choy, sweet potatoes and a peanut curry sauce was perfectly cooked and had wonderful flavors as well. I was glad to be able to enjoy the dessert course and the mignardises this time though; while not quite as high a note as the entrees, still solid. We added a cheese course and this was another highlight; our server selected three different cheeses for each of us based on our preferences and both of us loved all of them. Bread service contained the same two selections as before, but this time was replenished and definitely tasted better; there also was an intermezzo course this time. Definitely a lot of food and we left plenty satisfied. Beverage wise we began with a cocktail (which we both enjoyed) and then took advantage of Gramercy Tavern offering their wine's by the glass in half pours (for just a fraction over half price) to create our own mini pairings with the courses. Again our server was very helpful making recommendations (the wines by the glass list is fairly large) and I really appreciated that they factored in what varietals we enjoy best more so than what would necessarily be the best match from purely a wine pairing perspective; I also liked that they poured a small taste first after making a recommendation to ensure we were satisfied.   The only negatives on the night included some occasional lengthy gaps between courses and at times beverages taking a while to arrive after ordering (on one occasion we were midway through the course before having the wine present). While we were seeking a leisurely meal (and we started with a pre dinner cocktail and had an  amuse, cheese course, intermezzo and mignardises in addition to the three courses) we were in house for nearly four hours. Gramercy Tavern can be a bit noisy (as it is often full and tables are close together) but definitely a beautiful space and nice ambiance; fortunately we did not have to endure a nearby rowdy, obnoxious table as with the prior visit and everybody appeared to be having a good time. Overall it was mainly a very positive experience; we enjoyed our meal and were happy we decided to return.
4.5 stars.  I've been meaning to come to Gramercy Tavern for a while and I finally went when my parents came into town.  I loved how the restaurant is decorated with beautiful pink flowers and how it's classy yet unpretentious.  The front dining area takes walk-ins only, and has a different, a la carte menu from the back dining area, where you get your choice of a 3-course prix fixe ($86), a seasonal tasting menu, and a vegetable tasting menu (which is not vegetarian, as it has seafood garnishes, but can be made vegetarian).  My parents and I had the 3-course. - Black tagliatelle with chorizo, mussels, and calamari in a lobster broth:  freshly made pasta, delicious seafood and a flavorful broth- sounds exactly like something I would like.  Very good, but not out-of-this-world - Smoked trout with cippolini onion puree and pickled onions:  Absolutely delicious!  It was perfectly rare, served warm, and had a nice smokey flavor that wasn't overpowering.  The sweet onions served with it perfectly complemented the fish and made the flavors pop. - Sea bass with asparagus and ramps:  Very light, but with an extremely sophisticated flavor profile.  Plus, it had ramps!  I also loved that it made great use of seasonal ingredients, and how the fish was perfectly cooked.   - Rack of Lamb with broccoli and other vegetables I can't quite remember:  Perfectly cooked to a medium rare, tender, juicy...the lamb was also amazing, with a complex flavor profile. - Rack of Pork and Braised Belly:  Everything was perfectl cooked, but there was something about the flavor that didn't quite satisfy me.  It was just ok - Intermezzo of yogurt panna cotta topped with coconut-pineapple sorbet and granola:  I liked how the granola gave it a nice crunchy textural contrast but I'm not a huge fan of coconut so I didn't particularly like this. - Warm chocolate bread pudding:  My dad ordered this and I actually don't remember much about it because I was so fixated on my own dessert, but more on that in a bit - Coconut tapioca with passion fruit sorbet, coconut sorbet, and cilantro syrup:  definitely unique and my mom seemed to really like it but again, my focus was on my own dessert so I don't really remember this - Peanut Butter Semifreddo with chocolate macaroon cookies, whipped cream, and peanuts: AMAZING!  I was already pretty full but after one bit, I couldn't put my spoon down.  I love the nice balance between sweet and salty, between the crunch of the peanuts and chewy center of the macaroon cookie, and the liquid peanut butter in the center of the semifreddo.   The wine list was also pretty extensive, with a nice selection of wine by the glass (which was great for me, since all I wanted was a glass and my parents were so jetlagged that wine would make them pass out at the table).  They also give you an option of a "taste" instead of a glass, which is 3 oz. as opposed to 5 oz. I will definitely be back and next time, I'd like to try the a la carte menu in the walk-in area.  I can't wait!
The lamb was perfectly cooked and the lobster pappardelle  was delicious. Service was fantastic. For dessert get the pear custard for sure. The hot chocolate is insanely thick and is def a dessert in and of itself. I was much less impressed with the black bass and chocolate and banana dessert.
I'll add my voice to the chorus of love for Gramercy Tavern.  It's a New York City classic.  Delicious, creative dishes served by people who really seem to love food.  Warm, friendly, thoughtful service; beautiful, cozy atmosphere; wonderfully appointed restrooms. We came here for lunch on MLK day, for my husband's birthday.  My husband had the tasting and I ordered a la carte from the regular menu.  We were given the heads up that the pacing of the service might be off, but it really wasn't an issue.  The timing of everything was excellent and the wine pairings (provided by our server, at my request) were creative, interesting, and enhancing.   My only quibble is perhaps a matter of taste -- I felt that the pork loin & belly dish was unbalanced.  Too much of the tart pickled cabbage and not enough of the crispy salty pork belly (just one tiny little strip -- such a small serving that I wondered if it might have been a mistake!) tipped the dish too far into the sour part of the palate, and overwhelmed the tender, juicy pork loin.   What matters most to me, however, is that my darling husband had an amazing, memorable birthday meal.  We would love to return & try the tavern side; and I will definitely come back in the spring to see what they do with the bounty of fresh, local ingredients that our region is so blessed to enjoy.
The food is always sophisticated and never fails to excite my palate.  The service is exemplary. I had to ask my server to double check an ingredient with the chef / kitchen in and I hate doing that but it was for health reasons. He was very kind and we joked about it throughout dinner. He was very sweet and offered me a complimentary dessert at the end of our meal even though we had ordered a dessert already. Their hospitality is impeccable and the food elegant. You can taste the freshness of the ingredients brought together beautifully by the talented chef. Its always a pleasure
This may be one of the most expensive dinners I've ever had. And one of the most memorable as well...everything from the food to the service! Damn, what service! I went last summer when I was in New York and it was quite the experience. First of all, it is a gorgeous restaurant. Flowers everywhere and the restaurant looks quite spacious...I didn't see the whole thing but it felt huge. (Oh and the restroom was gorgeous as well. Flowers in there with hand towels on a marble sink. Hey, I like a restaurant with a nice restroom. Cleanliness is next to godliness!) We could have had better seats though...I didn't care to be 5 feet from my neighbor, but I tried to ignore them. =P The waiters were SO nice too. They literally attend to your every little whim. When I got up to go to the restroom, he folded my napkin neatly for when I got back and kept refilling my water to no end. I think we had a selection of breads...but it probably wasn't too good or too bad for me not to remember. My friend had foie gras in a pudding or some form...and it was good, albeit a bit heavy after awhile because, well, it is foie gras. And it was in a cream. I had a soft-shell crab with salad that was amazing! It was the right amount of hot and cold together and very refreshing. For the next course,  I cannot for the life of me remember what my friend had, but I had the lamb and it was good! Very juicy and easy to eat. Okay, so a story about the lamb. I was trying to cut a piece for my friend and put it on his plate...and you see, there's this candle in between us. Needless to say, do not attempt to share lamb with someone over candlelight and using your fork and knife as a delivery method. My piece of lamb promptly put out the flame...(was there one?!) and we could not stop laughing for the rest of the meal. The waiter saw too...I'm sure he was trying not to laugh at me as well. Gosh, it was embarrassing, but he didn't say anything and promptly came over to change the candle for us. (See how attentive they are?? You can't even drop lamb in a candle without being caught!) Before dessert, we had a palate cleanser dessert that was compliments of the chef. It was a mini strawberry shortcake arranged in a mini dish with the shortbread to the side, strawberries, what I believe was blueberries or blackberries in a jam, and a dollop of creme fraiche. There was a hint of mint too, I swear, because it really did clean my palate before dessert. And being a mint fanatic, I absolutely loved it! This quite possibly might have been my favorite part of the meal, but I'm a major pastry/dessert fanatic. For dessert, my friend had coconut tapioca with passionfruit/coconut sorbet and cilantro syrup. The sorbet was sandwiched between two thin wafer cookies...shoot, I'm not sure how to describe the cookies. But, I think it would have been much more enjoyable if I actually liked cilantro. Because I love passionfruit and tapioca! Sadly, I don't like cilantro. I think I have that gene that makes it taste like soap. I can distinguish the flavor so clearly...and it's gross! I had a mascarpone cheesecake that was the lightest, fluffiest thing ever! The crust was baked into a buttery, crumbly cookie and topped with a pecan or praline brittle of some sort. And raspberry sorbet with pistachio bits to the side. All very beautifully displayed of course. =D And yummy to boot. Gosh...it was such a great dining experience. And they even gave us raspberry muffins to take home for breakfast the next day! They were quite delish the next day. =) Brought a smile to my face in the morning. Great marketing technique. haha =D Overall, I don't know if the food is the most amazing I've ever had in my life that I'd die to go back for it. It was delicious, no doubt! I just think the whole experience of dining there was what made it so superb. And an unforgettable story about lamb...
Gramercy Tavern is a great spot, but I am surprised this is number 1 here on Yelp. Food was delicious but not mind blowing. And I am actually going to go against the grain here, and say my honest opinion that I actually thought the food was over seasoned. I had the tasting menu, and a few of the dishes were a little too salty. As others have mentioned service is wonderful. I would come back and recommend it to friends, but I am hopeful that there are better places in NYC!
This place is classy. Like a New York speakeasy, but more lively. It's packed here, even on a Tuesday night. Try the beer cocktail, or the drink with pear liquor. Definitely try the chicken, butternut squash, and fingerling potato entree. It may be the best, most tender and flavorful chicken I've ever had. My friend said she's had a 16-course meal here. It sounds like a delicious, extravagant, and aesthetically-pleasing ensemble.
Five star food and Five star service. Came here for our anniversary dinner where we enjoyed the seasonal tasting menu ($120pp) paired with a recommended Chardonnay which was reflect! I've included photos of all the dishes as well. Service was impeccable. My husband and I have gone to Le Bernadin, Cafe Bouloud and other fine dining establishments on NYC. Gramercy tavern is hands down five star experience from start to finish. Each dish was perfectly portioned and executed to perfection. Service was high end without the stuffiness. Pros: Food, service, variety, ambience Cons: Must reserve way in advance, can't afford to go everyday :)
A  pleasant fine dining, romantic experience in the Gramercy Tavern dining room. I loved the warm interior, and how attentive the service was. They had hardwood floors and I almost slipped, so ladies be careful! My favorite part of the meal was the smoked trout, but I was disappointed that it was so small, and led me wanting more. The duck I had was too salty, so not a fan of that. It was also the first time I had corn ice cream, and it was surprisingly delicious. Some of the seating in the dining room area were too close to each other. We were in the booth on the right side. When we arrived, we were placed next to a couple that were having a fight, and it was really uncomfortable to be sitting right next to them while trying to enjoy the ambiance. I mean, c'mon, who wants to sit next to an angry couple?
I ordered the seared foie gras, and split the tuna tartare and chicken for lunch. The piece of foie gras, rather - TWO pieces, were the largest pieces I've ever had. This foie gras appetizer seriously hit the spot...maybe a little too well. After this first dish, I was already wanting to go sleep or hit the gym. The tuna tartare, following the foie gras, was a disappointment. Small pieces of diced tuna were mixed in with small pieces of diced beets. Both the same color, the same size. I felt cheated. The chicken was decent. Service was fantastic. We told the server we were splitting the chicken entree. He brought it to us already divided on two plates - more food!! =)  Our glasses were never low on water, and we never had to wait too long for the next course.
Dinner at Gramercy is amazing! The dishes and service are top notch. Me and my friend shared the regular and vegetarian tasting. I must admit we were both surprisingly more impressed with the vegetarian dishes than the meat ones. But don't get me wrong, all the food was great. The dish that stood out the most for us was definitely the grenadine dessert. I can't recall the actual name but it was basically lemongrass flavored shaved ice with organic strawberries. I know the idea of lemongrass in a dessert may sound weird but this dish was the perfect mix of fresh and sweet. If you're feeling adventurous and they have this on the menu, be sure to order it!
A bit pricey, But well worth the experience!
Loved it! Summer salad with lobster - delicious! It's a very small plate, but they give you quite a bit of lobster. It's just the right size for an appetizer. The lobster was fresh and was not drowning in butter. Just the right flavor. Arctic char entree - I don't know my fish. It's. . . a salmon-looking fish. IT's prepared medium rare, very tender and flavorful. The mini eggplant cuts and cherries added flavors to the dish . Cacao nib ice cream and chocolate bread pudding - the bread pudding was a bit too soggy for my taste, but it was still very delicious. Surprise! They gave us free mini desserts at the end - including milk chocolate square thing with a hint of lavender (? not sure), mini macaroons, and chocolate peanut butter bites. If I knew we would have chocolates on the house, I would've gone for the peach ice cream and prum tartlet dessert. Maybe next time. Service a bit slow for lunch, but overall, a 5 star experience!
After hearing many good things about the restaurant, the preparations for coming here during the restaurant week had to be quite intricate: the reservations for the first day of RW sold out within 10 minutes. We made it the second day. The service was friendly and efficient, perhaps the best I have experienced, the ambient in the dining room was very pleasant without showing off.  The waiter seemed well-informed, so I trusted him with making my wine pairing. The ciapatta (which incidentally means slipper in Italian) was delicious, the sourdough was a bit burned. My appetizer was a mix of calamari, carrots, pine nuts, caviar with lemon juice: when I managed to get a pine nut along with the rest, the taste was very nicely balanced, but there were not enough pine nuts. I also tasted risotto with mushrooms, but I found the risotto a bit watery. In all, very good but it didn't make me smile. The main course was an interesting pork croquet on a bed of vegetables and cheese. Just after my first bite, our super-waiter showed up with the wine - some of the best pinot noir I've had, quite worth its $14. The croquet was very good, but it only made me smile along with the wine. I tried a bit of roast lamb, and it was very delicious. Time for deserts: the chocolate-hazelnut mousse was pure amazing perfection. I also enjoyed light airy quarkcake with blueberries (quark is the Germanic type of farmer's cheese) on a delightful light plate of pastry. In summary, for this price range (expensive but not splurgy): five plus star service, five star deserts and four star food. I was very impressed. The bill came with the dining certificates, and my smile turned to a grin (outside). Gramercy Tavern was by far my best restaurant week experience. Hoooray for them, and I'll be back soon.
My husband and I celebrate our 4 year anniversary at the Tavern last week. We called at 6pm and was told that they still had a few tables available, but when we arrived at 6:30pm, the wait was about an hour. I expected the wait so that didn't bother me much, we put our name on the list and walked around. Came back an hour later and our table was almost ready. Service wasn't the best when we first seated; our waiter was nowhere to be found, we had no menus, no water, no bread. 10 minutes later our waiter came by and apologized, gave us the menu and explained briefly, filled our glasses, took our drinks order and gave us some bread. Everything on the menu looked really good, I had a hard time to decide. I liked that they don't make it "mandatory" for the table to do the tasting menu, so I opted for that and my husband ordered a la carte. We basically shared everything which was great. I had char tartare (refreshing and really opened up my appetite), scallops (cooked to perfection) and grilled flank steak cooked medium rare (tender and tasty). My husband had octopus as appetizer (yummy) and pork chop as entrée. He is a picky eater and was very pleased with his entrée. (Whew~) The desserts were unmemorable; my prix fixe came with bite size pumpkin cakes and ice cream, we also ordered a lime tart to share. Overall, we enjoyed our dinner here and will definitely come back again. Great ambiance, good service, delicious food! I must say that the tasting menu is the best value, can't wait for our next visit.
I'm always a bit skeptical when I see a place with lots of reviews and good ratings. So when I went to this place, I was thinking... meh, it's just going to be ok. Boy was I wrong. The food and service here is excellent. I got the veggie tasting menu and thought everything I had was great! Every dish was cooked to perfection and they each had a very distinct taste. (Sometimes you go to a place and everything kind of just all taste the same. Not here.) By the end, I was too full to eat dessert, so I took it back to the hotel. Oh, and they even gave us this muffin to take home. The waiter said, it's for breakfast. The next morning I ate it, and every bite was delicious. So yes, it might be on the $$$$ side, but if you feel like splurging and eating a great meal, this is the place.
The food is so delicious every time I go but it's the atmosphere that cinches it.   ALWAYS feels like a celebration.  Grand restaurant.  Thanks.
This review is in the light of spending $250+ (no wine) on their Winter  ($112) and Vegetable ($92) tasting menus, day before Valentine's Day. 2 stars ain't "bad" - as it says, "Meh, I've experienced better." I think I probably enjoyed Morimoto's Prixe Fixe lunch box better at around $35, as a 'small nibbles' experience. FOOD SUMMARY:  the dishes were all delicate "nouvelle Americana" style - nods to France, Asia and everywhere in between;  shaved and assembled bits of this and that, with a drizzle of sauce or ladle of soup, some things cold, some things tepid. It's not avante garde, not bold and not particularly "clean" design-wise - I found it rather delicately over-wrought. HIGHER POINTS: THE OLIVE BREAD ROLLS: The warmed olive rolls at the start and sensational - real fresh green ones, not the hard, dried black kind. Bad point was the waiter kept plying us with them like loaves and fishes. DO NOT EAT MORE THAN ONE. You will regret it later as you struggle with the volume of food from the tasting menu. SERVICE was outstanding but it would want to be. It's a revolving door of waiters and your glass constantly filled from a human faucet. The main waiter was fine, but almost over the top - his descriptions of the dishes were like an SNL parody making you feel like Caeser spending money like this while Rome crumbles in a recession. And he liked to laugh loudly at his own comments. Tone it down. Remove the arty inflection, perhaps, at least while we're in a recession. Not personal, just part of the performance... VENUE: Sumptuous in a French provincial style with a hint of rustic charm (dried flowers and fruits and candles). VALUE: There's a lot of food - 7 or 8 courses, with chocolates and a muffin "for breakfast tomorrow" at the end, which, if assembled on a plate, would intimidate and shame. Towards the end we were hoping more wasn't coming, and if it did, it needed to be really good. It wasn't necessarily. Apart from the above, nothing really made me swoon, like the red wine seitan at Blossom, or the sausage roll at Tuck Shop, or the mushroom pizza at Viva Herbal (downtown, not uptown). It's not about price, it's about execution. LOWER POINTS: There was boring barley in two dishes. I know it's winter and I like barley, but as prepared, it was just pedestrian, like a ladle of barley vege soup dumped out on the plate. I think pumpkin and parsnip soups should be served first. They are also a bit of an easy out and really demonstrate little more than what a good Vita Mix the kitchen owns. An imaginative chowder might have been more luxe for the Winter menu or a masterful borscht. The least successful dish just didn't know what it wanted to be - five or six denuded ricotta ravioli, i.e. the frilly pasta part incised off making them look like like little martian landing ships  or abandoned egg yolks. Served over a bed of wilted lettuce, which I am told was 'escarole' but just looked like dead soggy lettuce. With two thin toasts? Come on, there's already carb in that there ravioli, and we already stupidly gorged ourselves on the olive bread rolls.  I just couldn't eat it. They would be better popping the lobster chunk from the pumpkin soup into the ravioli - the lobster was lost in pumpkin puree. Funny, a different kind of server was suddenly at my side enquiring about my obvious rejection of the dish. I laughed it off but she seemed to want feedback. Now there are a lot of restaurants where the celeb chef is patently disinterested in feedback, but perhaps at this $level$ chef really is open to input. So I told her the above. She asked if I wanted something else several times. Are you kidding? I was already feeling like Monty Python's Mr Creosote before that final fateful cracker. So no, no MORE food, just revisit that recipe... Interestingly, when the main waiter at the end asked about my rejecting the martian ravioli, he became a teeny bit defensive with "that's how the kitchen prepares it."  DO NOT EVER CORRECT the diner's opinion. She knows that that's how the kitchen prepares it and is not interested beyond that. She's paying $100+. Consider it feedback. When will servers learn you are not a rockstar because you work in a top eatery and that the person in that chair enables you to be paid? I know of what I speak! escapeartist.com/efam22/… The Carrot Sorbet is a welcome refresher - just lose the Graham Cracker, at this point in the menu we need pure refreshment, please. I was astounded that they only had Dole bottled pineapple juice - a fresh pineapple and a blender isn't a hard thing to do in a $200+ restaurant. It's my favorite digestive. If I go again I'd order the cheaper $82 prix fixe.
This place was recommended by a chef friend and it was amazing. The burger was 50% chuck, 25% brisket and 25% short rib and it was killer! Homemade ketchup and the service was excellent!
Wow. To say what hasn't been said in the 1462 reviews before mine. I can just add that for someone eating gluten-free it's a slice of heaven. They had delicious corn muffins for the likes of me so I could enjoy the bread-butter-salt combo that starts every meal, and even brought out their special dessert made of almond flour that killed. We came with 5 of us and ordered off the left of the menu, which has  the 2-dish prix fixe with multiple dishes to choose from. The smoked fish - trout for appetizer and arctic char for main - were heavenly.
Decent place, not sure about all the hype, same as every other upscale american place over in that neck of the woods.
I'm not one to hate on a restaurant just because it has rave reviews. I was actually really excited to try Gramercy Tavern when my boyfriend said we were going there for our 5-year anniversary. Unfortunately, it was only so-so. We did the prix-fixe menu, not the tasting menu, so maybe that was the problem. My appetizer was very good, but my entrée was pretty average (neither are still on the menu). On top of my entrée being pretty average, it took forever to get. Something must have been going on in the kitchen because the manager came out and apologized to us for the wait and assured us that our food would be coming out shortly. To make up for the long wait, they gave us a free dessert. Unfortunately, we each already had a dessert as part of the prix-fixe, so having a third dessert was really unnecessary. They also give you petit fours after dessert, so it was just too much at the end of the meal. Everyone in the restaurant was really nice, and despite the slow service, I don't think there was anyone in particular to blame. For the price, I've definitely had better meals elsewhere in the city, but it still felt very special. I don't think my experience was the norm, so I would still recommend the restaurant to others.
Had a great dining experience here in a neighboorhood classic. The service was attentive but not overbearing, the food was on point and the ambiance and energy of the place was perfect. Will definately be back
From the food to the service to the venue itself, Gramercy Tavern is a showstopper of a restaurant. I had the 5-course seasonal lunch tasting menu, which is only offered in the Dining Room on weekdays. It's a fabulous deal for only $58, offering a taste of more than half of the dishes offered on the dinner tasting menu for less than half the price. The summer '14 menu consisted of the following plates: Amuse bouche - rock shrimp with tomato: though a little muddy in flavor (not necessarily GT's fault - something I've encountered with east coast seafood in general), the shrimp was cooked through yet still tender. Could have used a lighter touch with the sea salt garnish. Marinated cucumber: this was a lovely take on gazpacho. For such a light dish, it had a lot going on, juxtaposing a variety of different flavors and textures: the creamy earthiness of cranberry beans; a tangy, pungent crunch from marinated cucumbers; smooth, refreshing pops of sweetness from diced peaches and cherries. The chilled melon broth brought all of the contrasting elements together.   Lobster salad: this was a surprisingly rich dish, consisting of a very generous portion of some very buttery lobster! In a way this dish whimsically presented "lobster salad" two ways: meat poached to perfect tenderness atop springy vegetables and in a little accompanying dollop of mayo/egg salad. Halibut: the fish was overcooked while the single bok choy leaf could have used a little more treatment aside from being plopped into the bowl raw, but the mushrooms were ample and the broth extremely flavorful. Overall a simple but perfectly executed dish - the flavors and components paired together masterfully. Roasted duck breast: my favorite dish of the meal! The serving size of duck breast was definitely petite, but I didn't mind that at all, since the velvety sweet corn puree and the addictive salty/sweet hash of corn, peaches, bacon, and okra were the stars of the plate. I have to admit, I found myself trying to mop up every last bit with bread! Palette cleanser - cherry tomato with cream cheese frosting and dehydrated raspberries: tasted exactly how it sounds, but such an inventive and unique bite! Dessert: the selection featured on the menu was an apricot panna cotta, but we were offered our choice from the full dessert menu. We opted for the "cherry" (cherry infused almond cake, vermouth sabayon, berry sorbet, vanilla ricotta) and the "blueberry & peach" (3 little bites of shortbread topped with vanilla cream, candied pecans, fresh peaches, fresh and dehydrated blueberries, verbena ice cream). Both were SO delicious - and surprisingly ample in portion size! It was impressive how many different components were incorporated into each dessert: a baked item, ice cream, fruit, a creamy element. With so many different flavors, textures, and elements in each dish, it's hard to imagine going wrong with any of the selections if you're overwhelmed by all the choices like we were. :) Though I admit I probably wouldn't be as enthused if I came for dinner based on the somewhat perplexing menu pricing, Gramercy Tavern is probably my favorite restaurant in NYC - the ambience exudes the classy, luxurious elegance you'd expect from New York, but its rustic country charm lends it enough coziness that it still retains a neighborhood-y vibe. Between that and the excellent ingredient-driven, locally-sourced food, Gramercy Tavern is a definite must-visit!
Important to know before dining here: In the Dining Room your dinner options are a 3 course menu for a set $92 per person, or a 7 course tasting menu that includes 2 desserts for $120 per person. They also have a Vegetarian tasting menu. Can't afford to dine here? Try the $58 tasting menu during lunch. The crowd here: plaid dress shirts with shorts and oxford shoes. Very Yaught Club and a bit Preppy/Yuppie. Sorry to generalize but I'm generalizing. We opted for the 3 course dinner menu and our server threw in a few other tastes. We were started with a shot glass of Chilled Melon Soup - Cucumbers and Pickled Watermelon Rind which was refreshing and delicious. We were able to taste the Corn Custard which was rich and dessert-like and so mouth watering. The Smoked trout was good but in combo with the Char entree was a bit too much fish, I should have ordered accordingly. The Smoked Arctic Char (a whitefish) served with Summer Squash, Kale and Carrot Sauce was prepared really well. Didn't love that the carrot sauce was served ice cold on the same plate though. The Pasture Raised Chicken & Sausage with Green Beans, Carrots and Smoked Onion was a bit generic for me, prepared well but generic. Next, a strawberry mousse apertif before dessert. This was Evan's favorite. I found it light and refreshing. We were given an extra Lemon Verbena Granite with Fresh Peaches and Blueberry Lime Sorbet, an icy treat that I could eat again and again. The Plum Upside Down Cake with Spiced Crème Anglaise and Vanilla Bean Plum Sorbet was warm and rich. And the Almond Blueberry Brown Butter Cake with Blueberry Compote with Ginger Ice Cream was a close third for desserts (I'm not a ginger fan so I skipped that part). Service was 5 stars all the way, and the flowers that decorate the interior of the restaurant are out of this world! I can see why this is a famous NY staple.
Another superb dining experience sampling the Tavern menu. We sat at the bar after learning the wait for Tavern was 2.5 hours. Hint -- Approach the bartender and ask to be put on the wait for a barstool. There were only 5 people ahead of us. We ordered a bottle of wine. I don't think that hurt given that we may not look like your typical big spenders. I felt the slightest bit of attitude from hostess when we first arrived, which is not my usual experience here, but I forgave her. I can't stay mad at GT for long. Within about 15 minutes we had our seats at the bar. Candied nuts delivered. Soo good. Can I get these in a baggie to-go? Their bread and butter. Can I just get a big plate of this? How is something so simple so amazing? Crusty, rustic bread with a pat of perfectly warmed butter and a little dish of salt. Ahhhhhh....I can't take it. For dinner - Spinach Salad with Fried Oysters. Come to mama. Perfect balance of flavors - oysters were smooth and crisp, dressing light and citrus-y. Yum. Trout with Shittake Mushrooms and Basil Pesto. Like nothing I've ever tasted. A unique eating experience. Delicious, fish perfectly cooked. My friend had the Beet Salad and Mushroom Lasagna. Both tasty but not as revelatory as the dishes I sampled, in my humble, gastronomic opinion. For dessert - Ricotta Cheesecake with Cassis Sorbet. Another knock-out. Cappuccino is done so well here, even though it took awhile to deliver. I was half done with dessert by the time it arrived. Loved eating at the bar. I like it more than sitting at the Tavern tables. Sigh. Food heaven.
Love love loooooooove this spot. The service is always excellent and the foods are amazing.... I always bring my friends visiting New York to this place.
Four friends went for a special lunch. What an excellent decision!!! The service was perfect, not to 'hoovering' but attentive.  The food - from the appetizers to the dessert were an adventure in taste. We can't wait to go back!
What can be said that has not already been said about this place.  My wife had the rib eye from the restaurant, and it was amazing.  It was an off the menu special, but by far the best entree that any of us had.   Also, if you are there, be sure to get the Schlenkerla Helles Lager beer.  It is extremely hard to find, but def. the best lager that I have ever had.  If you order those two things there, you will leave with a smile on your face. The muffin they give you when you leave is a very nice touch and a delicious breakfast! Some have said that this place is "stuffy," but I didn't find that and really enjoyed the food and overall experience.
I had a superb dining experience at Gramercy Tavern. Having eaten at a four star restaurant just the night before, the bar was set high, and Gramercy Tavern did not disappoint. I had the soft shell crab special appetizer, and it was perfect, not greasy at all. And my lamb entree was also some of the best lamb I've had recently. The food was perfectly spot on. The service was smooth as expected for a Danny Meyer place, but our first waitress, who disappeared about halfway through our dinner, was quite stiff. The front section was very loud and crowded but the back dining room was much quieter, which my party appreciated.
Believe the hype.  A place that's every bit as good as the talk.  Food, service, its all great.
Although i've heard the name thrown away, nothing really inspired me to go before. I'm glad to say that i was pleasantly surprised and thankful my friend gave me the chance. The environment is cozy. It's a decent size restaurant and they manage to fit plenty of tables in there. This means plenty of staffs too for service, which were busy but friendly and helpful. You have the option of 2 5-course seasonal menu (regular or vegetarian) or some al la carte items (or what was referred to as 2 + dessert). The price isn't all that different and i'm sure most would opt for one of the seasonal menu. Also, i believe the menu change routinely, if not daily. For the food, I was expecting it more to be a traditional American style but most of the dishes tasted of Asian influence to me. But everything was delicious and super flavorful, especially to my asian palate.  We had a 2 fish and a lobster course, finishing off with duck. I couldn't have picked a better menu for myself. Everything was cooked just right, I'm not sure how they manage to pack so much flavors in fish. It's pretty simple when is on the plate, although judging from the taste i'm sure it's more than meets the eye. The dessert was a preset from the seasonal menu but the waitress said that we could switch it with something else on the dessert menu if we want. This is a nice touch since we had a table of 5 and all would've had the same dessert. Everything was great. I cannot think of any downers. This is American cuisine done right.
We ate and drank for 3 hours during lunch time. The food was amazing, and the service was superb. I highly recommend the sea food dishes. For 4 of us, it totaled almost $400 including tip.
Had the tasting menu and we've had dinner in the bar area; if you go, go to the bar area so you can order a la carte.  I thought this place was very overrated.  Everything looked nice and the presentation was great but food fell flat for us.  Fish was too salty and only memorable dish was the Brussels Sprouts.  All in all the value wasn't worth it at 350 for two.
Absolutely unbelievable dining experience. There's really nothing I can say that hasn't already been said... We did the tasting menu & we were WOWed during every course..(especially dessert!) Our amazing (and super friendly) server, Al was so attentive & accommodating. I found out later on in the evening after we had already left that he even took candid iPhone pictures of our table during dessert (by the boyfriend's request). How cute is that?? My favorite course aside from dessert was the lobster... cooked to perfection & complemented by its components perfectly! We really had the ultimate experience. Can't wait to come back here someday!!!
The $92 tasting menu had three courses with many selections for each course. The staff went to great lengths to accommodate my food allergies.   Even with the adjustments for my allergies, every dish was flavorful, creative and beautifully presented. The staff was very well trained. Unobtrusive, but always there when needed.
1 Michelin Star.. Chef Michael Anthony Gramercy Tavern caught me off guard one night.  It filled my taste buds with rich flavors in every dish that I haven't had experienced since Jean-Georges.  Keep in mind that it is divided into 2 sections, The Tavern & The Dining Room when making reservations.  The Tavern has the option of a la carte menus while the dining room strictly only has tasting menus.  As you walk in, you are filled with chic and classy individuals that perfectly represent what NY high class life is like.  Service was impeccable.  Our waiter was genuinely nice and ended up recommending us a great bottle of wine, which I was very impressed with.  They do not do tastings of your wines beforehand but they do let you change bottles, if you are unhappy with the one you selected.  He always filled our waters and wine glasses at the right time where we were never left empty handed. Decor reminds me of a spanish Tuscan feel to the restaurant.   We opted for the Seasonal Tasting Menu $120/pp.  They emphasize on the whole table to pick the same menus vs. one having the 3 course & the other the 7 course.  This was a bit of a bummer since I was not super hungry at first but I am glad that I decided to do the seasonal menu since it was so delicious and flavorful.   ++Amuse Bouche: Cheese Puffs- heavenly cheesy pastry bite in your mouth 1. Marinated Scallops Tomatoes, Pole Beans and Trout Roe- Delicious sauce to accompany the scallops and to start off the night! 2. Warm Lobster Salad with Carrots, Fingerling Potatoes and Purslane- Ultimate favorite. the lobster was so fresh and came as a very generous portion.  The warmth of the lobster added more taste to the dish for some reason. 3. Halibut with Wax Beans, Kohlrabi and Beet Dashi- Delicious!  The wax beans were a tad munch for me but as a combination, it went well with the fish! 4. Ricotta Tortellini with Summer Squash, Artichokes and Cow Peas- I loved every dish but this was my least favorite one.  It was light and I thought my tortellini could of been a tad softer. 5. Roasted Duck Breast Corn and Peppers- perfectly cooked at medium rare. ++Amuse Bouche: Strawberry & Creme- delicious simple as it sounds but cleans the pallet well 6. Lemon Verbena Granite with Fresh Peaches and Blueberry Lime Sorbet- I thought this was too sour for my taste but my friend loved it. 7. Plum Upside Down Cake with Spiced Crème Anglaise and Vanilla Bean Plum Sorbet: very moist cake which I enjoyed very much. 8. Complimentary Dessert from the Tavern: Chocolate Pudding Salted Caramel and Brioche Croutons- one of the tavern's favorites. light but delicious 9. Complimentary Bites: macarons, chocolates, toffees, and a take home coffee cake for breakfast!  This was such a cute thought and detail to be added on to their service from the pastry chef. Topped off with a bottle of Vouvray Sec, Foreau, 2006, Loire Valley, France for $75.  I wanted something different other than a Riesling that night. Our waiter was point on with this recommendation.  We enjoyed every sip of the wine bottle. Definite Recommendation! Other cheaper alternatives is to go for lunch or to the tavern!
Gramercy Tavern is definitely my go-to restaurant whenever someone asks me to recommend a top-rated NYC restaurant. What I love most is that the restaurant has a conservative and homey ambiance- not like other top restaurants that have a snooty, "i'm dining like a princess" air to it. The food is top-notch, as can be expected from any highly rated NYC restaurant. Flavours are unique, but not over-done. From my experience, every dish from the mouche-bouche to the complimentary baked goods at the end made me feel warm and delightful. If anything at all, I think they could improve on the bread basket- I love it when restaurants serve "melt-in-your mouth" bread. The bread at Gramercy Tavern is quite ordinary. But other than that, everything else is wonderful. I hardly ever award 5 stars to a restaurant, but this is well-deserved.
First time here finally after having to cancel 2 times. Worth it because I have been wanting to try here. Had a good time. Food was good but not great. The appetizers were more memorable than the entrees. The atmosphere is very cool and nice. not stuffy at all. I ate in the dinning room but from what I saw people eating in the tavern part of the restaurant it actually looked more appetizing. Delicious open crab ravioli with razor clams and escarole And mind blowing Quail with beets and cranberry sauce. SO AMAZING. These were the apps. For entrees, I got the Flat Iron Steak & Braised Short Rib red cabbage and puffed potatoes which was very salty. nothing too exciting. My husband got the Roasted Venison Loin but then got it changed to Sturgeon salsify, cipollini, fingerling potatoes and lemon-fennel sauce because the venison was a little too funky for him. My husband liked the Sturgeon but I didn't think it was anything great.  I had better fish at Craft. Our server was very nice about bringing back the venison for the sturgeon and  also threw in an extra dessert on the house because the table next to us was very loud and obnoxious. Service is excellent. I would go back but try the tavern side next time or maybe go when the menu changes in the dining room.
It's my favorite restaurant... ever!  Yes that's a bold statement but my goodness, the food here is amazing. If I were to compare it to say Daniel, I would say that both are just as tasty.  Daniel would be much more formal and the service is top notch.  Gramercy is much more relaxed compared to Daniel.  I feel like you can talk and laugh with each other without holding back.  The food is just out of this world.  Simple, yet extremely fresh and the taste is just so bold and satisfying like nothing else you have ever had.
Had the Pre-fix tasting menu $35 for three courses: Chilled soup was delicious, sea bass was waaaay too sour- too many mixed flavors that just didn't mix too well.  Dessert was OK- (although I'm pretty snooty when it comes to my desserts) food was mediocre.  prices were good for new york- only in the tavern section though... make sure you know that when you make reservations- it's for the restaurant (not tavern) which is a minimum $85 set menu.  Same kitchen- so not sure if it's worth the $50 premium
Everything about this place is beautiful. The interior is beautiful, the flowers are beautiful and even the food was miniature works of art. I've only been once, and probably can't afford to go back anytime soon, but if I could, I would. This place is definitely worth the splurge. I has the vegetable tasting menu. Some of the dished didn't sound too appealing (leeks and fennel dish, and an english pea dish) but even those were delicious. In all, including the little amuse bouche they bring out, and the post desert goodies they give, I think there was about 10 courses, all great.... you definitely will not leave hungry. And, if dinner wasn't enough, they bring out a wrapped muffins to take home so you have a delicious breakfast for the morning. Amazing.
I had a business lunch here, and it was one of the best dining experiences I've had in New York. There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said. This is an impressive place. The high ratings are well deserved.
Came here for my birthday dinner while visiting New York. I knew it was a quality place when they had hand towels (which they launder) in the bathroom, and they switch out the cutlery between courses (even when we had flatbread and ate it with our hands) We got there around 5:00-5:30 on a Saturday, and planned to sit in the tavern section at the front which is walkin only. We had to wait a little while. Maybe around 30 minutes, but we definitely got there at a good time as it would have been longer a little later. For an appetizer we shared the Spring Onion Flatbread, Duck Confit, Ricotta and Ramps. The crust was pretty thin, and crispy and there was an appropriate amount of toppings on it. And it was perfect to share as it was cut into many little pieces. I liked it, but I wouldn't say it's a must order. For our mains I had the Cheese Kelbassa with Rye Spaetzle, and Sauerkraut. And my girlfriend had the Ricotta Cavatelli with Braised Lamb, Merguez and Broccoli Rabe. It was definitely the best kelbassa I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly. It was nice and moist in the middle, and cheesey, and had a great crust on the exterior. The spaetzle was also nice, especially when mixed with the sauce/juices from the kelbassa. I only wish there had been a little more sauerkraut on the plate as I love that stuff! The Ricotta Cavatelli had a really nice smooth texture. The pasta definitely melted in your mouth. I also liked the tomato broth the pasta was sitting in, instead of just a thick tomato sauce. Both were filling and definitely worth ordering. For dessert we had the Peanut Butter Mousse with Chocolate, Rice Krispies and Banana Ice Cream. It is a very pretty dessert and I love that it has a lot of elements. If you like peanut butter, chocolate, banana, ice cream, and something crunchy this is for you. There is even a little brownie base for the mousse. So in a way, this dessert has everything.
I'm sure this place doesn't need another 5 star review, but I thought I might as well get in line with the rest of the lemmings. This place is awesome and I really have no friggin' excuse for not coming here earlier. Somewhat interesting story though... My girlfriend got us reservations here for my bday and during the work day, she reminded me to go to their website and take a look at the menu. When I went to the website I noticed that they have a regular Dinner menu and a "Tavern" menu. I understood that the reservation was for the more coveted and more difficult to obtain main dinner seating and the Tavern was more a walk-in only scenario with a slightly B version of the menu... Well, I took a look at both menus and while there was SOME overlap, the Tavern menu was definitely different. Some might even say a little less "sophisticated" than the table we had reservations for. SO OBVIOUSLY, I suggested that we say F*** to the reservations and go for the Tavern instead. I saw Meatballs on that menu and that basically decided it for me (impressive isn't it). Well, since it was my birthday we did just that. And it was NOT a mistake. For appetizers, we had the Shrimp Salad which was fresh and lite, and the Lamb Paparradelle (SP) which was AWESOME. We also had one of the specials, MINI-Cheese & BUTTER Biscuits, which were as you would expect them to be... totally mouth watering. For the entrees, my girlfriend had the sea bass, which was 5 stars in itself. However, as a previous yelper mentioned, had a curry flavor which they don't really articulate that well on the menu (absolutely not a bad thing for me, but I could see how it would catch others off guard). I had the meatballs, which was.... Can't really choose a word for it, so I will just say that I was glad we were sitting at the bar and not the main part of the restaurant because I literally said "OH SHIT" after I took my first bite. I slid the plate over to my girlfriend who, no joke, said the same thing after her first bite. It was that good. Thus, this place moves up in the rankings to one of my Top 5 places in the city. With the caveat, that I will ONLY dine in the Tavern portion of the restaurant. Even if someone offers me a no-effort walk-in reservation to the main part of the restaurant, I will deny it and dine in the Tavern until the day I die. You may say: Ignorant or Stubborn. I say: MEATBALLS!
I'm still thinking and talking about the dinner we had at Gramercy Tavern.  We were headed to NY for a short visit and decided we would celebrate Valentine's Day with a nice dinner while there. My husband let me know this was the restaurant we were going to and after I went online the prices made me nervous.  I was thinking it would be an over the top stuffy/fancy restaurant and I'm proud to say -  I was wrong. The atmosphere in the restaurant is very cool, not super fancy, just cool, kind of modern but kind of traditional. The art is great, the vibe is great - I think you get it...I liked it. We enjoyed a few cocktails at the bar before they grabbed us to lead us to our table. We sat down and the waiter was incredibly helpful and friendly in going through the menu and the best options.  The food was worth the price, the experience was worth the price, the staff was worth the price...it's not swanky although you're paying swanky prices.  It truly was and is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at. My suggestions on a few dishes...the smoked trout was out.of.this.world...I cannot get over how amazing this dish was and I don't even like smoked fish of any sort. The chocolate bread pudding was also out of this world...GO...try it out! It's worth it - I promise.
It's really as good as it gets.  I decided to take my husband here (been many times before, but no in ages) for his birthday.  There is a reason why this place remains a staple to Gramercy.  It's excellent. The service, attention to detail, and amazing dishes have a wonderful way of making you feel special. The food was not overly prepared, but exploded with taste.  As always, I love the little muffins they send you home with for breakfast. Best meal of 2009 so far!
Celebrated my anniversary here with my wife, and had a wonderful evening. 6-course prix fixe for $120 a plate took 3+ hours, and the staff made every moment a breeze. Our selections (August '14) included arctic char, scallops, halibut, squid ink pasta, duck, and an apricot-based dessert. The food was delicious and interesting, wine selections for any budget, tasteful and interesting amuse-bouches as one would expect at a restaurant of this caliber. All in all it was a great experience. Not precisely a value pick, but for the whole package of fine dining of this type, you can't go wrong.
I finally got the chance to check out Gramercy Tavern for lunch on Saturday before leaving NYC. - Duck Confit with curried lentils- Very succulent and flavorful duck with  crispy skin. Best lentils i've ever had! Subtle curried lentils...who knew they could taste so good?! - Chocolate Pudding with toasted brioche- I really wanted to try the Warm Choc Bread Pudding, but it wasn't on the menu! I was STUFFED from the duck, so i don't think i enjoyed this as much as i should/could have. It was rich and creamy, but it was a little too much for lunch, i think All in all, a great experience. Would love to come back for the dinner tasting menu
Pass by it often since it's near work, and always peek in since the window dressings are usually adorned in a rustic whimsical English cottage sort of of way. A coworker raved about the service so I took a friend there for dinner for his birthday. There's two sections, the more casual tavern in the front and the dining room in the back; each with its own separate menu. We dined in the dining room. I wanted to get the Seasonal tasting menu [$120 p/p] but all parties have to order the same so that they deliver the food out at the same time. Since it was his birthday, I agreed to the regular dinner menu [$92 p/p]. The food itself was very good but nothing mind-blowing. Service like everyone said was impeccable. For dessert, I couldn't decide between the sorbets and the Peanut Butter Semifreddo, so they gave me both. Not a huge fan of PB, but holycrap was it good. Lots of little treats in between courses that I think I had more desserts than actual food. The mini muffin at the end to take home was a cute gesture. Total bill $300+ Total duration 4hrs Would I go back? Most certainly, but only if I'm not buying.
There's not a lot to not like about Gramercy Tavern.  The Margaritas are perfect.  The cheese selection is probably the best I've ever had.  And while I'd love to give it 5 out of 5 stars, I have to say that my last visit, last night, left something to be desired.  But that's true of any place that offers a taster menu.  The time before that i went was perfect, as was the time before that.  But last night the veal was over-cooked, the deserts (I tasted 2) were just off, and i wasn't quite sure who our waiter was, as we seemed to have about 4 of them.   None-the-less, I will go again, and if it is better again next time, I will bump it to a 5.  It beats the pants off Jean-Georges!
Sat at the bar for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed the scene, food, drinks and service. Eric was our server and he definitely brings his 'A' game to work. Not only was he delightful but he was confident in directing us around the menu and matching drinks. The starter of carrots was delicious and the calamari was tender. My main of Arctic Char was cooked as I requested, medium and it was still moist and flavoursome. I rarely eat dessert but Eric did recommend I try the Peach and berry one. It was amazing. We really enjoyed our meal, service and the atmosphere. Thanks Gramercy Tavern and thank you Eric.
Went for a friend's birthday dinner to the Tavern part of the restaurant. We arrived early since we knew there were no reservations for the Tavern. They had no tables to accommodate a large group so they split us between two tables, which was kind of annoying but it is what it is. The cocktail I started with was tasty and refreshing after coming from the 90 degree heat. The cheddar/bacon biscuits special appetizer were very good little bite size biscuits. The waiter was nice enough to bring us out an extra plate since they were small and he knew we'd enjoy them. I had the meatball entree, which honestly wasn't exactly what I had expected from reading the reviews, but it was good nonetheless. Everyone enjoyed the entrees well enough but we all agree the real highlight was dessert. Only one couple at our table ordered dessert, the rest of us stuck to cappuccinos (good) and coffee (also good). The waiter brought out two complimentary desserts for our table, a berry tart with almond ice cream and the chocolate and caramel pudding. The pudding was AMAZING. Salty and sweet and so good. The almond ice cream that was with the tart was also amazing and my friends loved their strawberry pie. The service was very good.  All in all I would come back again... especially to sit at the bar and have a nice glass of wine and more of that pudding!
On the cold fall day that I arrived at Gramercy Tavern, I enjoyed being in the ambience of a wooded interior decorated with autumn accoutrements, and a roaring fireplace to complement the atmosphere. The food was unique and good.  Hot tea just warmed me up while waiting for lunch and during some good conversation.  Thankfully this place is NOT noisy as well. The Tavern room is open to those without reservation, but get one if you want to sit in the main room.
One of the best restaurants in the city. Anyone you ask, will agree. I had the price fixed menu $85 per person. The waiter kept bringing us Amuse-bouche so make sure you go with an empty stomach. I tasted foods and spices I've never tasted (ie: Foie gras). We were pampered all evening ... the service was impeccable.  Will go back again for a special occasion!
"The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he didn't exist." Danny Meyer is not a restaurateur; he's a master of the dark arts. There is no other rational explanation for the inevitable, often inexplicable experience that you'll have dining in one of his restaurants. This is particularly the case with Gramercy Tavern. No matter who you are, who you're with, where you're from, or what you're doing, the minute you step foot into Gramercy Tavern, you're Danny's. and he won't let go until you pry yourself back out of the doorway. Dining at Gramercy Tavern is like stepping into an early scene of "The Devil's Advocate", when everything is going just a little too right. Backwaiters just happen to enter the restroom seconds after you do, smiling warmly as they ask you quite unexpectedly, 'Is this your first time here, sir? We hope you come back to visit us." Bartenders at the perfectly-packed bar anticipate your arrival, guiding you to a seat that didn't appear to be there five minutes beforehand. Mysterious strangers who have been coming there for eternity charm their way into your conversations, no matter how determined you are to be left alone, and you'll eventually thank them for it. Have I mentioned the food? Try picturing the most fantastically roasted, tender sweetbreads you've ever had, delicately garnished with razor thin pear slices and bits of walnut. Try picturing an elegant fish filet doused in mushroom broth and bok choy, with a dusting of oats to boot. And try not to worry; because Gramercy Tavern won't let you. Gramercy Tavern will distract you at every turn. Gramercy Tavern will hypnotize you with  its worn-in bar, its seasoned staff and its towering floral bouquets. Gramercy Tavern will force you to stare out of its dramatic windows; it will lure you into the trance of its veteran operation, and you won't stand a chance trying to find something wrong. Danny Meyer is determined to convince you that Gramercy Tavern is one of the best restaurants in New York. Maybe you'll find a way to prove him otherwise. I couldn't.
My favorite restaurant in the city, and i've only been here once.  i think that speaks for itself.  i've always meant to go back.. but it's hard when there's so many new places i have yet to try. we got the tasting menu, and every single course was absolutely amazing.  my favorite was the quail. my first time having quail and i was totally apprehensive (i kept picturing those cute little birds) but loved it!  the dessert was also fantastic!  some kind of passion fruit sorbet over a bed of foam with tapioca bead.  again, i hate tapioca but ate every since bead AND got extra! service was out of this world.  it probably helped that my friend knew one of the servers... and got us a few extra courses, but regardless it was exceptional.  We were a rowdy group of 6, chatty girls, but the server was nice all the way through the dinner and even after the check. we finally noticed that we were the last ones in the entire place, and yet we had felt no pressure what-so-ever from the staff.   Best dining experience in my 5 years livin in NYC.  hands down. but as a disclaimer, food and service of this caliber does not come cheap.
This restaurant has been on my "I really need to go there/I can't believe I've never been there" list for the past eight years that I've lived in the city.  Luckily, that passing thought became a reality last week. We sat in the front section of the restaurant (read - less fancy, more bustling).  From start to finish, this meal was outrageous.  Oddly enough, when I first looked at the menu, I was not overwhelmed with many appealing choices.  That changed when the food starting coming...the descriptions did little justice to the preparation.  Here's the rundown... Cheddar/bacon biscuits...this was a special that included 6 light and flaky biscuits that were, quite simply, as good as they sound.   Pork and broccoli rabe sausage...another appetizer from the specials.  I am generally not a big sausage person (insert dirty joke here) but this was not your grandmother's sausage!  Wait...I take that back...my grandmother far prefers the country club to the kitchen...anyway, I digress.  You get the point.  This sausage was hearty and delicious, and was served atop somewhat al dente farro with a nutty flavor.   Blackfish coquette with white beans....probably the least popular of the dishes.  Skip it. Calamari & carrot salad...when ordering, I was told that this is a must have, and the recommendation was correct.  This was simple and delicious. Arctic char with mussels, sunchokes, and mizuna...I love sunchokes and any fish served on a bed of bitter greens (mizuna, arugula, watercress, etc) that wilt from the heat of the fish, but mussels are not always my thing.  This was SUCH a great dish and I find myself day dreaming about it at odd times (when drinking my morning coffee...WTF?).  The mussels were out of their shell (big plus for me) and fish was in a lemony butter sauce.   Dessert was rhubarb shortcake, and was nothing short of amazing.  It was so fresh and yummy and seasonal, and was served with a fantastic presentation.  One side of the plate was a fresh sweetened shortbread biscuit, with a dollop of creme fraiche and strawberry jam.  The other side of the plate was a mason jar (I am such a sucker for those!) filled with rhubarb and topped with a sour/delicious ice cream (think Pinkberry flavor).  It was the perfect balance of flavors and I can't wait to eat it again.
I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and my experience in general at Gramercy Tavern.  I am afraid, however, that because I had wanted to dine there for so many years and had heard so many amazing things about the restaurant, my expectations slightly exceeded my experience.  That explains the 4 stars.  (I would have preferred to give 4.5.) We ate in the tavern as opposed to the main dining room and all ordered from the ale-carte menu as opposed to the price fix.  I started off at the bar with an orange crush cocktail.  It was really yummy and, although overpriced, I figured 'when in Rome'.  (And no one forced me to drink three of them...) And the sea bass was seriously the best sea bass I have ever had.  It was the recommendation of the waiter and I am glad that I listened to him.  For an appetizer I had the duck liver pate.  It is not something I would have ordinarily picked, but the reviews here were off the hook and so I wanted to try something different.  It was accompanied by small pieces of buttered toast.  The toast was amazing and, if you like pate, it was probably top notch, although I think it was a little rich for my taste. Although I had a taste of everyone else's meals, including the meatball and the lasagna, they did not knock my socks off, nor did the pizza-like appetizer we all shared.  Everything tasted "good" but not out-of-this-world, melt-in-your-mouth-good which is what I had expected. I was impressed with the size of the portions as I thought they would be small.  And the service was great.  They were very accommodating and allowed five of us to squeeze into a four person table so that we wouldn't have to wait even longer to sit.  The waiter did not even blink at any of our questions even though it was obvious that none of us were accustomed to eating at such expensive restaurants.  I always appreciate when a waiter is not condescending. 4.5 stars.  Next time, I'm eating in the dining room off of the tasting menu!!
Despite the pedestrian Thursday evening crowd, the lady and I enjoyed our alimentation UP UNTIL a palette "cleanser" that did nothing of the sort. Stay away!!!!!!!1
I hit several of the most popular "foodie" spots during my recent trip to the Big Apple.  I have to admit:  this is the only spot that I'm still thinking about.  It was FABULOUS FOOD.  Simply delicious.  I would definitely go back.  We sat at the bar because it was so packed.  The bartender (not the sexy Asian guy) left a lot to be desired on the personality front.  But, the food SO OVERSHADOWED everything else that I've quickly forgotten about all that.   The baby beets with the oranges and spiced nuts are not to be missed (especially if you are as WILD about beets as I am).  The pork loin with the pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  But, what I'm CRAVING most is that calamari salad with the carrots.  Not at all what I expected ... but so MEMORABLE that I can close my eyes and still conjure up the taste.  YUM.  YUM.  YUM. If you find yourself in New York and are a true FOODIE, THIS PLACE IS NOT TO BE MISSED on your NY culinary tour!!!!
If you've ever been to New York as a tourist, you have probably had a moment where you've uttered some version of "Damn, I wish I lived in New York City." Gramercy Tavern made me have one of those moments. Gramercy is everything I imagined a New York City lunch to be like. Nice surroundings, attentive staff, quality food, etc. We sampled their appetizers - AWESOME. We had the main course - AWESOME. We had many beers - AWESOME. And deserts - also AWESOME. I ate:    Duck Liver Mousse, Pickled Vegetables & Grilled Bread    Swordfish Confit Salad, Cranberry Beans, Capers & Pine Nuts    Striped Bass, Brussels Sprouts, Grilled Leeks, Pickled Peppers & Bacon    Pecan Tart w/spiced Pumpkin Ice Cream & Cranberries    Pumpkin Whoopie Pies w/spiced Pumpkin Seeds & Rum Ice Cream    Latté    Beer...lots of it I was in a food coma for two days after this little NYC jaunt. In the ideal scenario where I am employed with a massive salary, Gramercy Tavern would be on my list of hangout spots.
Ellen and I ducked in from the cold and thought that we would grab a bit of lunch.  As I sipped on a nice glass of Pinot Noir, Ellen went the direction of a spicy Bloody Mary.  She said that it was perfection.  Ever since Justine's I'm on the hunt for Duck Confit, so I could not resist.  It was perfectly prepared and served on a bed of lentils with thinly sliced vegetables, cubed butternut squash and rutabaga.  It was absolutely wonderful!  I have to think this is one of my new favorite foods.   I allowed more wine to serve as my dessert as we watched the snow fall on our lovely New York.  It was interesting to note the busy Sommelier taking notes, tasting, smelling, spitting and working had for her supposed dinner preparations.  The decor was very cozy, warm and inviting.  I think if we move to NYC, we may just take up residence right here!
Came here once for dinner in the formal dining room. I wasn't all that impressed by the food--some of the flavor pairings even made my stomach turn (I think they were pushing Spring "freshness" a little too hard in combination with ingredients that were strong on their own). However, what won me over was their bar program. I had the "Tradewinds" cocktail, and to this day, I make it at home for my friends when entertaining. IT WAS SO. GOOD. This killer drink is made from Batavia arrack (a very strong Indonesian sugarcane rum), velvet falernum, and ginger liqueur garnished with some cucumber blocks. I came back to Gramercy Tavern to grab drinks with friends maybe a year after eating there, and the bartender obliged me in mixing up the Tradewinds, despite it being off the menu for 6+months. I think if I were to eat there again, I'd do the a la carte menu in their more casual, "provencale kitchen" dining room.
We had decided to visit Gramercy Tavern to celebrate half of The Duo's Birthday (the better half of course). I had quite a bit of work to do when deciding on where to dine. You see, it's not every weekend that we get to enjoy a 3 star establishment. Ultimately, after consulting several friends and multiple Yelp! reviews, The Tavern was the place to go. This experience started hours before we even arrived at the corner of E. 20th street. Since it took me a bit of time to decide where to go my reservation times were quite limited even on a Tuesday night. Our original time was 9:30, not bad but not ideal for us. So on the day of our meal I called to see if anything had opened up around 8. No luck on the first attempt ... I called later and spoke to the hostess who was accommodating and sincere. She promised to do the best she could and call me back. She did ... with an 8 o'clock resi. Brilliant! Upon arrival and a two minute wait, we were ushered through the entire space, and arrived at a fantastic two top tucked in the back corner of the restaurant. A lovely space located below exposed wood columns, warm art and decorative sconces. It felt as if we were sitting in the living room of our dreams. We were soon greeted by our cordial and informative server Alvaro. He is a generous and informative waiter whose timing was impeccable and table side manner superb. He was even understanding enough to apologize for a rowdy five top of men behind us. If you can, sit in his section. The birthday girl at the time was still stymied by an annoying Dairy Allergy which required a bit of work on his and the kitchens end. Ultimately they had to adjust the prep on her halibut and it was a brilliant adjustment. No meal I enjoy will not begin without a Woodford Reserve Manhattan and where better to enjoy it then here? It is said to have the best Manhattan in Manhattan and it was damn good. The birthday girl opted to go with a house cocktail, The Concord Crush which was perfect in it's own right. We had decided to enjoy the summer tasting menu, a six course meal brilliantly executed. It was understood that we could have probably come back in two weeks and enjoyed the Fall menu but as time decided for us, summer it was. Fluke Tartar,  Crab & Corn Chowder, Smoked Trout, Cod w/cucumbers and yogurt and Deckle with Veal shoulder -- it was astounding. Wrap it all up with a chocolate mousse and lemon ice - Aces! Not one part of our dining experience failed to impress. From first course to dessert and the petifores -- fantastic. We were beyond satisfied with every element of our meal.  What could be better than a lovely muffin to take home with us so that sometime the next day we can be taken back to just what a lovely experience we had enjoyed. Thank you Alvaro and the staff at Gramercy Tavern!
Had the regular dinner menu for 3 people in the dining room. Very good service and ambiance. The courses were as follows: Started with a scallop over a slice of tomato amuse bouche. Watery and very light tasting with some japanese rice on top for added texture. A great smoked trout that was tender and juicy. The shrimp was nice with the fried okra and corn giving the dish some color. Unfortunately, we had eaten a similar shrimp dish at Jean-Georges for lunch the same day and the ones there were sweeter and bigger. The beef fazzoletti was a bit too saucy so I felt it overpowered the pasta and dish as a whole. The pasta itself  was very tender and thin, not overcooked. The lamb was probably my favorite dish of the night. It was cooked perfectly and everything on the dish was well balanced. Even presentation was nice as it seemed like the lamb was in a natural green forest. Sadly, the pork loin was a bit tough and hard to cut into. But on the positive side, the pork belly was fatty and delicious (no surprise there). The arctic char was decent, but I was really impressed with the eggplant in the dish. It was nicely charred from the grill with lots of eggplant flavor; absolutely delicious. We all had lemon panna cotta dessert bite before our actual dessert courses. Trio of desserts were all pretty good. Petit fours: chocolate peanut butter squares, strawberry hazelnut macaron (delicious!), and honey chocolate. And finally, as a parting gift, everyone was given (what I thought was) a brown sugar cinnamin coffee crumb cake muffin to take home. Thanks Gramercy Tavern!
Lore of Gramercy tavern does not disappoint. I only wish it was cheaper... I went for restaurant week with several friends I tried several of the dishes and they were all delicious. Restaurant week at Gramercy for lunch is a great deal. Reservations may be hard to get but there is a large bar seating area that is first come first serve so you can always try to come early which is what we did.  For those who don't plan early :(
Made a reservation at the dining room over the phone 28 days ahead at 10am. Phew.. Unlike some fine dine places, the environment is not too serious. It's nice and cozy. We had the seasonal tasting menu. Every dish is a wow. The taste was not too heavy and well balanced. The portions are not too large that make you feel too full after the full meal. Definitely worth going!
I can't say enough good things about the tavern. I have eaten in both the tavern and main dining, both are great. I prefer the tavern, just because it's more casual and I the menu is more my style (meatball, fish etc). The service was good, we had two servers and our first was extremely friendly, young, and knowledgeable about the wine (paired a great red...yes, red, with our Fish and Meatball). This seems to be a staple of a Meyer restaurant. The second waitress was good, but not very friendly....she just seemed a little shy/dull. My meatball was to DIE for (see pictures), it was great. The kitchen also served us complimentary desert cookies at the end of our meal. I can't wait to eat here again. Be sure to make reservations, again like any other Meyer restaurant, as they go quick! We had to fight for our 5:30 spot and that's soooo early.
Everyone was very polite, friendly from the moment we walked in the door. We arrived a bit early,  enjoyed a glass of champagne at the bar and was then escorted to our table. The dining room is sectioned off into 4 different areas,  separated by softly painted walls adorned with beautiful at work and lighting. The dinner menu is a 3 - course fixed menu with an amazing selection of meats and seafood prepared with the freshest selection of mushrooms,  vegetables and spices.  Dessert was just as amazing so save room. Overall it's definitely worth a visit!  Enjoy.
Excellent food and service! They make this coffee with a french press. It was so good that I went out and bought my own french press, which I used about 3 times for the past 3 years.
This review is for the dining room - I loved the space, and I wish I loved the experience, but Gramercy Tavern didn't quite live up to its hype for me. We waited 20 minutes for our reserved table, and the service during the meal was a bit spotty. In terms of food, we did the seasonal tasting menu - while most dishes were delicious and well cooked, none were particularly memorable, and the dessert (some sort of tapioca pudding) was a miss. I'm wondering if the high ratings on Yelp are actually for the tavern part of the restaurant, which I'll have to come back to try.
FINALLY ate here after three years of saying I would. My cousin had told me a month ago that he experienced the best lamb of his life here, so i had to order the lamb. Unfortunately, I couldn't agree that it was the best lamb I'd ever had, but it was pretty darn good so I won't fault him for that. Ordered an orange blossom, which was a light mixed drink that was sweet and totally delightful and beautiful to look at. But I think the overall five stars goes to the sticky toffee pudding. I will be back just for it -- bits of dates mixed into pure buttery/toffee goodness with homemade coffee ice cream. I LOVED IT.
One of my favorite NYC restaurants!!!!!!!!  I'm not RICH, so this is reserved for special occasions (unless I want a drink, and for $13 you will only need one and it will be made to perfection). I have dined in both the front area (Tavern), and the fancy sit down tasting section in the back (generally reserve this in advance). The Tavern has excellent food, my favorite is the mushroom lasagna.  Not your typical lasagna, very little pasta and lots of mushrooms. If there is something on the tasting menu that you really want they might even bring it to you here if you ask nicely.  I've noticed that this is a restaurant that will accommodate you.  They've sent over extra appetizers or a second dessert if we mentioned that we had a tough time deciding between two things, or if the waitress highly recommends something.  For two people you can have drinks, an appetizer (necessary, mains are too small), 2 mains, and split a dessert (I love when they do the crisps for 2 people) for under $100 including 20% tip. The tasting room is wonderful.  Excellent, fancier food. Best thing about this place, decor and SERVICE!!!  Probably the best service I've had in NYC consistently (too bad I had a bad server at Danny Meyer's Union Square restaurant, otherwise I'd be able to say that Meyer has this DOWN). If you have a special occasion and don't want to spend $500 for 2, this is the place. *Hostess generally tells me that the wait is 45 minutes even though only 1 other couple is waiting and then we are seated within 10 minutes.  Keep this in mind, and you can always wait at the bar which is truly superb.
Well worth the wait!  The atmosphere is great with nice decor.  I had the calamari carrot appetizer and would highly recommend it.  Also we had the Fennel seafood chowder which was very nice.  A little heavy for me but lovely flavors.  My friend had the trout which was nice.   The tasting menu is nicely priced at $38. My favorite was the dessert! OMG it was a lucious chocolate almond tart thing.  Truly amazing! I would recommend everyone come here!!
Caveat - this is a lunch review, midweek, late afternoon - so not peak busy time. We were seated in the Tavern Room, as the main dining room was closed. This is and "old world" location and while there is much that has been updated, it retains and old world charm and a certain class that is hard to describe but evident in the experience. In for lunch along with a NY Times "very good" chef and restaurant owner for lunch. Anonymously. We shared a 1/2 bottle of a 2006 Mayacamas Cabernet with a typical NY CIty 3x cost markup. Lovely wine, but a bit pricey. I know, it's NY... Making this a bit of a culinary adventure, we announced we would share our entire meal - the appetizer soup with mushroom dumplings, the main course ricotta cavatelli with roast lamb, and and for dessert, a peanut butter mouse with chocolate sauce, banana ice cream and Rice Krispies crumble. Pics of all but the soup were posted. All courses we pre-split in the kitchen - a nice touch. Service was attentive throughout - our water glasses filled, and our wine replenished. Food was very good. The soup was delicate enough to let the earthiness of the ingredients shine through, the dumplings were tender and thin-skinned. The cavatelli was terrific, albeit a bit over-salted. It was definitely enough to feed two. And dessert, while entirely unnecessary (as we were both pretty full) was delicious. The peanut butter mouse married well without being heavy (like a "lite" Reese's peanut butter cup). Nicely done and definitely a great lunch spot.
Gramercy Tavern is one of those special new American restaurants in New York City that truly combines fantastic dishes, a sophisticated yet welcoming ambiance, and delicious drinks! Their lunch menu offered by the Tavern are afford-ably priced in the $15-$20s range - great for inexpensive meals.  Their Smoked Pork Shoulder, Cornbread in Bacon Broth was a-mazing! For a more formal dining experience, their dining room offers a tasting menu at lunch for $58 or $88 for dinner. Reservations here are high in demand, so reserve early! Great for a date spot, business meal, or the passionate foodies.
For those of you who have lived in New York City for a while will understand that if any fad restaurant survives for more than 5 years and reservations are still difficult to come by, it is definitely a going to be a good one. Gramercy Tavern is exactly that. I started my meal with the Fall Classic. As suggested by the waiter, the drink that appeared very much like a "man drink" on the menu (its bourbon based) is surprisingly sweet and comes in a martini glass. Great choice - and I'm not one to get signature cocktails at a restaurant (I believe most of you will agree that they are overpriced and weak). It was not too strong but enough to give you a nice warm kick. We needed to make it quick so we didn't get apps, but for dinner my friend got the bass and I got the kielbasa. Bass is the clear winner. It perfectly cooked. The surface was ever so slightly crunchy was matched with an extremely tender center. It was placed atop a creamy mixture of shitake mushrooms, cauliflower and white beans, which gave it the perfect finishing touch that filled you up but still left enough space in your stomach for dessert. But lets get to the shining moment of our meal, which was the peanut butter semifredo and chocolate macaroon. A MUST HAVE. I am not a sweet tooth by any means so for me to rave about a desert and calling it the highlight of the meal means a lot. Placed inbetween two halves of a giant macaroon, the hamburger set up gave the whole dish the perfect combination of crunch, chewy, smooth, repeat texture. You just have to try it for yourself.
Dined here on Monday night. Both me and my husband had the $116 seven-course tasting menu. Except the first course, some cold plate has salmon roe on top, wasn't good, the rest courses were great. I didn't like my apple tart desert as it came with bitter brandi sauce. Our waitress took it back right away and let me choose  a replacement desert off their menu.  I had the  pear upside down cake. It was absolutely delicious!   The place is more on the casual side. You don't really have to dress up. Highly recommend.
My wife and I ate here a while back, and loved the tasting menu. Service was outstanding, and the food was excellent. The only thing I have to say is, to the couple that was next to us and made up a complaint about coffee to get a free meal out of it (I think it was about taking too long to bring coffee menu, despite the selection being on the back of the menu), everyone around you saw through that and was embarrassed for you.
Had the tasting menu and we've had dinner in the bar area; if you go, go to the bar area so you can order a la carte.  I thought this place was very overrated.  Everything looked nice and the presentation was great but food fell flat for us.  Fish was too salty and only memorable dish was the Brussels Sprouts.  All in all the value wasn't worth it at 350 for two.
My first night in NYC... wandering aimlessly, I didn't have reservations to eat dinner anywhere but wanted to make the most of my time there. After much research, Gramercy Tavern was on my "to do" list, but of course I didn't plan in advance and have a reservation.  But I called and asked if they take walk ins and they said, it's on a first come first serve basis in the Tavern.  So, I chanced it... and got in!   The atmosphere was nice, relaxed, the service was excellent!   I asked the waitress what she recommended and so I got the Kielbasa with buckwheat Spatzle.  OMG, it was soooo good!  I also got the roasted brussel sprouts to start.  Yeah yeah, brussel sprouts, but really, it was so good!  I don't really get the bread that they serve - hard as a rock.  But whatever, you don't want to get full on bread anyway!  And the price was not bad at all!
Danny Danny Danny Meyer.. another heart for you. Besides the hearts I would give him for Eleven Madison Park, Union Square Cafe, Shake Shack.. Gramercy gets another. There are two dining areas to this restaurant.. the "main" dining room and the less fancy "tavern" area.  We tried going to the tavern for my sister's birthday back in '09 but there was a 3 hours wait on a Friday night.  The tavern only does walk-ins so try to get there early.  We gave it another shot for my birthday in '10.  We got in within 30 minutes on a Tuesday night.   Meyer did not disappoint us.  There was a prix fixed menu with just two chefs cooking and expediting the food in an open kitchen (did I mention how much I LOVE open kitchens?).  We ordered Sweet breads and Lamb Pappardelle for our appetizer.  The Lamb was SO tasty.  The noodles were the perfect texture and the lamb melted in your mouth.  Lamb usually has a gamey taste for me but this was cooked to perfection.  This was the first time trying sweet breads and the Portobello mushrooms with the tangy salad mixed in very well.  We then ordered the Sea Bass and the steak for our entrees.  We were stuffed and felt like the happiest two little Korean girls in the world.   HEART.
Beautiful restaurant with a warm feel. Fantastic service, brilliant wine list, and always wonderful menu. It is usually a set price for 4 courses. You can frequently spot a celebrity at Gramercy!!
Incredible once again. Can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Great service, great drinks, outstanding food.
Went here last night to celebrate my parents anniversary and oh man am I in love! We ate in the tavern section which was great because it's really homey and casual. Our waiter Robert was an absolute sweetheart who was totally approachable and honest giving us unbiased feedback about dishes when we asked and just being all around friendly. We started the meal with wine and cocktails (I got the lambrusco, my parents got the Austrian and Italian rose respectively, and my brother got a painkiller). All were really delicious but I think my lambrusco stood out, so perfect for summer. For starters, I had the octopus and the rest of my family had the heirloom tomato salad. Both were incredibly tasty but my octopus was out of this world. Perfectly cooked and the chicory and fennel were a great pairing. The lobster broth made this dish so warm and inviting. I would have loved to somehow bottled this dish to savor all the tastes. For my main dish I had the baked rigatoni, my mom and brother had the arctic char and my stepdad had the sea bass. All of their fish was melt in your mouth delicious and I loved my baked rigatoni! It was so heartwarming if that makes sense! Layers of pasta, fresh mozzarella, tomato, and eggplant and a spicy tomato sauce...oh man! So delicious and surprisingly so light! I must say this place truly blew me away when I least expected it. Most tavern entrees were around 19 which is super reasonable and the quality to price ratio was unsurpassed in my book. And the service and ambiance will keep me coming back.
The food was superb, but the service set Gramercy Tavern apart. Our waiter, Jason, was attentive and candid and funny. We went with his picks each time, even against our better judgment, and he nailed it for us with each course. Best of all was the Random Act of Kindness. Jason knew I'd been wavering on his dessert pick, so he brought us my original dessert choice, gratis... He didn't want me to leave, "wondering what I'd missed." Oh - I was so sated I forgot my iPhone there. The restaurant tracked me down via my colleague's OpenTable reservation and had it waiting for me at the hostess station. Like I said: the SERVICE sets Gramercy Tavern apart. But the food is terrific too.
New York offers so many different restaurants, how is one to choose.  I want to eat at them all!  Somehow I think "all" is almost impossible, especially since I'm not a local.  With that said, I'm sure going to try for "all"!  A girls gotta have goals after all. My first night in New York and BF treated me to a night out at Gramercy Tavern.  I knew reservations were full since I did my research the week or so before.  I was pleasantly surprised that around 6:30 on Friday night we were able to snag one of the last tables on the Tavern side.   We started with cocktails and I opted to start with the Jalisco Pear with Herradura Blanco Tequila, Pear Liqueur, Allspice Dram, and lemon.  It was perfectly balanced and had the right amount of sweetness that kept me craving sip after sip. We were on the East Coast so I couldn't resist the oysters, and we had to try both preparations, two iced and two roasted.  Both preparations were exquisite, the iced ones were served with a flavorful mignonette that I wanted to drink as a single shot.  The other two oysters were lightly roasted and were served warm with a pesto like sauce that made each one sensational. Next was the Fluke Tartare with radish, kumquat and trout roe.  Since we were sharing all the dishes for the evening they split the dish for us, a nice touch if you ask me.  The Fluke had a wonderful citrus essence throughout and was complimented by the thinly sliced radish and trout roe.   We kept on going with the appetizers and shared the Duck Liver Mousse with pickled vegetables and grilled bread.  We received a generous portion of creamy duck liver mousse with crispy grilled bread.  We enjoyed each bite as we slowly spread each piece of bread with the luscious mousse and varied each bite with a different pickled vegetable.   We kept the evening moving and made our way to entrees.  We opted to share the Cobia with king trumpet mushrooms an oat risotto and bok choy.  I was curious about the nontraditional use of oats to make a risotto and how the whole dish would come together.  The Cobia was flaky and moist and the king trumpet mushrooms added an earthy note.  The oat risotto was a stand out and was a wonderful vessel for the entire dish.  The whole dish was well thought out and executed with every detail in mind. We couldn't end the evening without dessert and thankfully we both eyed the same dessert on the menu, the Lemon Pudding Cake with pinenut nougatine, yogurt and rosemary.  I want and need this recipe so badly, the Lemon Pudding Cake had a moist cake texture with a rich lemon flavor.  The pinenut nougatine added superb texture to the entire dish.  I cannot emphasize enough how tantalizing this dish was.  We scraped the plate clean wanting to find every last morsel of cake. The menu and the food are sensational and that alone would keep me coming back here for years to come.  The service was impeccable with everyone working in unison and taking care of each patron as if they were part of large family.
It's good, yo. We made reservations maybe 3-4 WEEKS in advance.  Our seating was for 8:30.  The tavern in the front part of the restaurant does not take reservations and serves a different, a-la-carte menu, with most of the items grilled.  Everything up there looked incredible, too. So, our reservation was in the main dining room.  Expect a long, drawn-out, European-style meal.  Come for your company; do not come to play on your phone. Our service started a little bumpy, but one waitress sensed our distress, swooped in, and completely coddled us and took care of us.  I wore a blazer and slacks.  My companion wore heels and black pants and a nice top. Now to the food. The prix fixe is 92 bucks per person.  This is quite reasonable, as this may be the best meal you will ever eat in your measly existence.  Also, the entrees would easily go for 50 a pop and the dessert and appetizers are meals unto themselves.I had a chicken meatball soup to start with the best prepared lamb I have EVER eaten as my entree.  Courses come with at least one small palate cleanser or accoutrement between them.  Everything was done with perfection.  I cannot explain to you how it feels as if this food was prepared solely for you, by your personal chef, as you sit sit in his nicely appointed country French home. The tasting menu looked divine.  120 per person and the whole table must join in.  I can't even go into detail here.  Everything looked exquisite. My date, for her part, had beef tartare appetizer and an amazing flounder for her meal.  Each dish is accompanied by the most spectacular assortment of flavorful things to bring forth its perfection.  Every aspect of the dish - thought, color, presentation - is executed without flaw. The desserts: bar none.  The cookie plate was other-worldly.  My date had a chocolate cake with ice cream on top.  We also had to try their ice creams.  Rosemary, hickory, and coffee chicory (?).  Anyway, divine. One thing:  the service was bumpy to start.  Then, toward the end, they forgot to put in a small order of tea for my date.  We reminded her of it.  She put it in but then still put it on the bill.  (Had it been me causing all that confusion, that would have been gratis).  Also, I was a bit confused when they were talking about the bigger table taking original waitress's attention being a bigger investment.  I frankly don't care about your business structure and Why I'm being neglected.  Just fix it.  Also, we were there promptly at 830 but had to wait for maybe 15 mins for our table.  I mean, the service was BAD to start - we almost left - but it was all cached out at the end.  And our replacement waitress was a complete doll who really took care of us.  I feel it was an even trade. There aren't many restaurants I would put effort in to eat or get a table.  This is one that I would.  I would plan a month and advance and look forward to this place.  It ranks in top 5 meals I've ever had.  And I'm sure the bumpy service was simply incidental and human. In short: WORTH IT.
Dinner for two will run you dry, and it may or may not be worth it depending on your taste. There were too many courses, in my opinion. We did the normal tasting menu, and by the time we got to the main protein (duck) I was so full that you couldn't have paid me to finish that plate. They start you off with small plates that are absolutely delish, but then they hit you with these heavy courses, and it just doesn't make sense--why not keep the portions small all the way through? Service was impeccable, though, and the cocktail I had (prosecco with orange bitters and an orange twist) was amazing! Eat in the front dining room if you don't have the bucks to burn, the food there is great too!
Lifetime average still batting like a .700 but my last few experiences have just been so mediocre.  Last night when I left, albeit pretty intoxicated, I actually started tearing up a little outside I was so disappointed that my favorite place in NY is just... not... the... same.  When I first moved to the City & ate a bagel at around 3pm as my daily sustenance under $4, I was so lucky to be taken by my boss to GT to sit at the bar for dinner at least once a month.  I would look forward to it all week.  And every bite was always amazing.  Every pour of wine.  Every smile from the host. My experiences over the past 18 months have been underwhelming.  Now that I can afford to take myself here, I don't think I will any more.  Nothing bad happens, but nothing stellar.  Service is still friendly, smiling & pleasant but not in the same way where I used to feel like the bartender anticipated my every need.  The other day I had to ask for a water refill 5 times.  The request was always obliged with a smile, but why am I asking?  My Dad kept having to refill our wine glasses - why wasn't someone taking charge of the bottle for us?  And the food has just become rather blah.  General theme is oversauced, undersalted &  no wow factor of great seasonally inspired combinations.  Space is still warm, inviting & great for a fall evening to cut the chill.  But the love is gone.
Add me to the chorus of fans.  I had a six course tasting menu with wine pairings last week that was one of the best meals of my life.
Going against the grain here. This restaurant is rated Top 100. I expect to be blown away with that type of distinction. What I experienced was merely the low side of very good. Sure they have their procedures down, and there are lots of servers to pull the plates, but I want a truly heavenly inspired food moment. Didn't get it. Especially with fixed dinner menus. What I thought was a really cheap gesture was the bread offering, one slice per person, no basket, and no more. Sorry, with all the other options, it will be a long while till I come back.
It is safe to say this is my favorite restaurant in NYC, the decor, the atmosphere, the lively environment, as well as the wonderful food makes this place my best choice for restaurant in NYC. The service is always bespoke.  The host staff is friendly and efficient.  The wait staff acts as one harmonious organism, ready to serve your every need.  The last time I went, it was my mother's birthday and off the cuff, I asked our server to do something small with desert, and he happily obliged with a subtle message in my mother's desert. The decorum is warm and homey.  It reminds me of a Hudson Valley farmhouse, and during the winter, the open oven on the right hand side of the tavern is quite welcome. The wine list is great.  The first time we ordered here, I choose an Oregon viognier, and it was great.  The second time, my girlfriend's father ordered a vintage from Long Island, of which I am normally skeptical, but it was really good! The food.  What can I see about the food.  It's incredible.  The first time I went I had the lamb ragu appetizer, and I could have eaten it by the pound.  The first main course I had was a Spanish mackerel covered in a melted foie gras butter.  It was sublime.  The second time I went I had a venison medallion and sausage medley.  I love venison, and this was cooked to perfection.  It couldn't get any better.  Dessert however helps.  I could eat the chocolate bread pudding, and the peanut butter cookie desert every day, for the rest of my life.
There is something very warm and comfy about Gramercy Tavern's ambience.  We had the Tasting Menu and everything is solid and traditional.  Nothing unforgettable though. I am never into bread pudding and I find their version overly rich.
Pretty expensive, but worth it. Little bit of an older crowd, but worth it. I've only eaten in The tavern area with colleagues, so haven't tried the fixed dining room menu. The tavern is delicious, I had the cheese stuffed sausage. The bread is fantastic which is a hallmark of a good restaurant in my opinion.   Place feels high end, but is affordable. Unbelievable cocktails too, great whiskey drinks. Great place for dinner with colleagues in the tavern or clients in the dining room.
Love some Grammercy Tavern. The staff is very professional, but so laid back! It's refreshing to have fine-dining food without the stuffy attitude. they have an excellent cider menu for the Fall, and the staff is quite knowledgeable about it as well. Many bottles you can't find anywhere (and I've looked). Hard to get dinner reservations, so we went for lunch, which I'd recommend. For appetizers, I had the duck fazzoletti; the Brussels sprouts were perfect. My fiancee had the corn custard. It was cold, which was a bit of a surprise (though maybe it shouldn't have been). It was good, but ultimately the least interesting dish of the day. Entrees: I had the roast lamb a delicious and perfect med rare. It was a smaller portion than I might have wished, but this was lunch after all. My lady had the grilled carrots. I thought it was a dubious choice given the amazing choices, but it was awesome. The carrots were slightly caramelized, and glazed with a hint of honey. Olives helped balance the sweetness, and the pistachios rounded out the flavor. Small portions helped save room for dessert. The semifreddo was great, and everything you'd expect from a Gremmercy dessert, but the real standout was the the cranberry butter cake. I've never gotten around to making my own ice cream, but I'm willing to give it a shot if I can make anything even remotely close to the ginger ice cream that came with it! GT is pricey of course, but as our once-a-year New York City treat, it's perfect.
I was hesitant in the past to do a review on Gramercy Tavern as the last time I dined there was in 2001 (well before my adventures in Yelp Land started). There has been a bit of a changing of the guard over the years since, so I really didn't feel confident in reviewing food I had eaten 8 years ago cooked by chefs that had moved on to other ventures in the time since. I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to dine here again recently and am SO pleased to report that the quality I had come to expect from Gramercy Tavern has not diminished over time. The restaurant itself is lovely, filled with beautiful and eclectic pieces that don't come off over done, but still give you that elegant feel. The staff at this restaurant (as with all Danny Meyer establishments) is always above and beyond the usual expectations. They are friendly and attentive, knowledgeable and helpful. From the second you walk in they make you feel welcomed and comfortable. They are attentive without being pushy and you are provided everything you need and more than you could ask for. The food is wonderful. Nothing revolutionary, but still creative and always of the highest quality. The dishes are masterfully prepared and you can see the commitment to excellence and an eye for detail in each plate. For a real treat try a tasting menu and experience the food as the chef would intend it. This is a wonderful way to have a complete meal that is orchestrated to go together perfectly, and allows you to try something you might not have ordered on your own. Any trip to Gramercy Tavern is not complete without dessert. I was happy to see that the pastry department has remained strong in Claudia Flemming's absence. The desserts were well prepared and delicious. They were elegant, without being pretentious or over the top. This seems to be a theme for this restaurant. Not just the food is exemplary at Gramercy Tavern. They have an extensive wine selection, and the drinks are well made and delicious. It helps to round out any meal and is a welcome addition. Be prepared to spend a pretty penny on your meal, but the prices are not out of line with the type of food and service you are getting. This is a restaurant that I recommend everyone try at least once. This is the restaurant business at it's best.
5 stars for the excellent customer service! Especially the hosts. We didn't have reservations in the dining room, so we expected a long wait for a spot in the tavern.  They told us 1.5 hr was the expected wait time.  We waited 20 minutes.  TWENTY minutes.  Amazing.   I had the chicken and potato dumpling soup appetizer, which was tasty, but not what I was expecting.  It's more broth-y, I was expecting creamy, but I'm not faulting them for this at all.  The chicken and fingerling potatoes for my entree was nicely prepared.  Hubs got the tasting menu, which I would definitely recommend.  First course was stuffed clams, followed by gulf shrimp with pasta, then suckling pig.  Pumpkin butterscotch pudding for dessert.  I also ordered the chocolate hazelnut layer cake with sweet cream ice cream.   Overall, this place was great. Definitely making reservations for the dining room next time.  Looking forward to seeing the menu served there!
See and 'want to be seen' crowd is just too much hard work for a hefty price tag. Wait for 'cafe' table can be huge. Ultimately the food is decent but not worth the price tag and wait. I'm happy sticking to very good options available within 10 blocks. Plenty of tourists and folk in from burbs for a treat..I'll pass.
When I go to my happy place, I think about a ham sandwich I once had at the Gramercy Tavern. And I don't especially like ham. I ordered it because it was the lunch special. The meat was cured on the property, the bread made that morning down the street. It had an aioli and a chutney and lots of other ingredients, and the only way to describe it is that each bite was a party in my mouth. We went to the restaurant for lunch, and managed to spend more than $100 without dessert (too full, but I'm still longing for the treats I saw) and I count it as some of the best money I've ever spent. One of the top five meals of my life. My husband has since bought me a cookbook from the restaurant, and the recipes are supposed to be suitable for a home kitchen, but maybe not my kitchen. I fantasize about going back to New York and eating there again.
I actually ate brussel sprouts, and liked it! That is how good this place is. And their olive bread is THE BEST! Beautiful decor, extremely friendly staff, great service. Everything you would expect from one of NY's landmark restaurants. Came with a friend and we didn't have to ask each other twice if we were up for the tasting menu. You either get 3 courses for around $85 or tasting menu for around $112 (they also have a vegetarian tasting menu!) . We decided we'd "go big or go home", so we inquired if they could do a wine pairing as well (my friend's idea- it was actually genius idea in the end!). Our waiter told us we were in good hands and that he knew his wines so he'd take care of us. Turns out he was right. I wish I could remember all the names of the wines he served us because they were all paired so perfectly with the food. It all complimented each other wonderfully. EVERY SINGLE wine we drank that night was delicious. Our menu was as follows: 1. Marinated Sea Scallops - Pickled Swiss Chard Stems and Aji Dulce Peppers 2. Lobster Soup - Winter Vegetables and Pancetta 3. Smoked Trout - Cippollini Purée and Pickled Onions 4. Rabbit - Cabbage, Spaetzle and Black Trumpet Mushrooms 5. Rack of Veal & Deckle - Cabbage, Carrots and Turnips I can't actually decide which one of the above dishes was my favorite because they were all absolutely delicious, but the rabbit was certainly up there (DELICIOUS spaetzle!), then the trout (SO delicate!), the veal (wonderful sear and STRONG flavor!), the lobster soup (with the brussel sprouts!!!), then the scallops (again, delicate, and fresh). For dessert we had option of either of the following two; and we naturally got one of each: 1. Blood Orange Cheesecake 2. Chocolate Mousse Cake The blood orange cheesecake was the best dessert I've ever had, and the wine it was paired with made it even more spectacular than it already was (and it already was AMAZING!). We got some beautiful fresh slices of blood oranges in it as well. The chocolate cake was also delicious and again paired perfectly with the wine. And just when we thought we couldn't possibly fit any more food into our stomachs, after finishing every last crumb of the desserts, our waiter told us that he agreed they were delicious but not even his favorite dessert. So we ordered our waiter's favorite dessert and ended up eating the entire thing as well: 3. Peanut Butter Semifreddo - Chocolate Macaroon Can't actually say I've ever ordered an additional dessert before in my life, this was a first. But it was really pretty damn delicious. We really loved everything about Gramercy Tavern, from the food, to the ambiance, the service, the entire experience was just perfection.
Chili's for investment bankers. Its the sort of establishment that if you make 125k a year, you could come in regularly and just have a very consistent steady meal off a reasonably varied menu. The value play here is to come in here on a weekday lunch, sit at the bar, have a cocktail, start with the duck liver mousse that is served with house baked ciabatta crostinis (5 stars for this dish, though its rich, so you might need to share), and have whatever the special is for the day.  Occasionally go in for a treat and do the tasting menu. Very consistent kitchen, definitely better than your average lunch, but typically not blow your socks off, and just accessible enough to make it a regular spot.
This is a tough review to write. Gramercy Tavern is a great restaurant, but I also feel it is overrated. In a nutshell, yes, I enjoyed most of my courses. Given the choice though, it would probably not be my top choice the next time I am in the city. For me, it has to do a lot with location. If this restaurant was in South Florida (my home), it would be one of my favorites (because of the lack of comparable selection there). However, there are way too many restaurants in NYC that easily blow this one away. If I am comparing this to other Michelin Starred restaurants, then it just doesn't make the cut. Maybe I am putting too much importance on it's Michelin Star? Hmmmmm We visited last year. Our party of 8 tried almost everything on the menu.  For the first course, the Seafood Bisque (accompanied by a Crispy Island Creek Oyster) was a clear standout. The Smoked Trout was also exceptional. The rest was good, but not as outstanding as I hoped it would be. (Beef Tartare & Beef & Pork Bolognese). For the second course, the Pork Loin & Belly (with navy beans, tasso and kale) was our favorite, followed by the Braised Lamb. The Flounder and Sea Bass were both underwhelming. I need to be clear and say that they were all cooked and plated to perfection. Not a single drop out of place and not a single dish over or under cooked. We felt it just lacked in flavor. Perhaps we were expecting stronger seasoning? more salt? more anything? Everything seemed very "vanilla." Dessert was OK. We did enjoy the cookie platter with the rest of our wine and espressos. Before we left, we each received a muffin (forgot the flavor) for the next morning. I love when restaurants do that! The restaurant is absolutely stunning: elegant, but inviting. We arrived on time for our reservation, but still had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated. Our large, round table was set right in the middle of the room. The restaurant is not the snotty hush-hush quiet type. I would describe the sound level to be lively, but some nearby diners still complained that we were being a little too rowdy. Gramercy Tavern, however, handled it beautifully. Someone gracefully approached our table, apologized for having to mention it (even though they did not agree). I forgot her name, but she stayed for a while talking to us some and, oops, eventually got caught up in our fun and laughter as well. I'm not sure those other diners were loving this. What can I say, other than we were having a good time. Service was wonderful. They were really on top of everything all night long. Overall, it was a special night. I look forward to perhaps giving it another go in the future. I am not rushing to do so just yet though.
The food was absolutely delicious, the portions were small yet rich, and what you'd expect, the prices were astronomical. Would I go back? Probably not...
I have gone 3 times now and found the food to be "OK". This is listed as one of the top spots, but when I was here the main course came out with the appetizers and was slightly cold on my last visit. It may be a fluke but I have not been back since. I asked them to reheat the entrees and I swear it was microwaved. I would be willing to go again but when you are spending $100+ a person(drinks, food, etc), there are many other choices. The decor is amazing though, definitely worth going in for a cocktail.
This place is a nice relaxed yet still formal atmosphere serving very good food for a very acceptable price.  The waitstaff is attentive and professional and I found reservation times to be honored rather than a sometimes anticipated shuffling to a bar. I ordered off the dinner menu and started with the "open ravioli of beets and carrots". Very nice combination of sweet and savory. For dinner I had the pork loin and belly. WHile both were tasty, the pork belly was not as tender as I knew a good pork belly can be, so it left me a bit sad. The desserts should not be skipped, a great selection and all we tried (Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding, Fudge Brownie Sundae, Peanut Butter Semifreddo )were very yummy with the only detraction being that the serving sizes can be on the obscenely big side. Would go again to take a nice date or perhaps people in from out of town.
The food smelled great and it looked lovely. It was packed. After waiting awkwardly at the bar for 30 min, with our bums literally in the folks food behind us, a few people got up and left the bar area. So we sat down. We were VERY rudely told there was a waiting list at the bar for seats. While I totally get waiting for a seat, hey news flash if your going to do things differently than the rest of New York then the hostess should have informed us, or you should likely put out a reserved sign when you drop the check, or at least be nice about it. When I ordered a second drink and went to pay for it I was given a bill for 60 bucks... And had to tell the bartender, 'no that was our last round, this is a single drink, we have already paid for that'. Crowded, rude, sloppy.
I have to tell you what a wonderful experience I had last night here. Forgive me for the long review, it'll be worth reading. It was my birthday and my boyfriend likes to surprise me with where we go. I haven't been here before, and he didn't know I always wanted to go, so I was pretty excited. I was immediately overwhelmed with how beautiful the place is. There are flowers everywhere, the expedite station with food for the front restaurant is right there to pass a few times, which was exciting, and the staff was so lovely (shout out to Angela, our waitress). My boyfriend had warned them ahead that I am gluten free and dairy free and they were SO on top of it. It just points out to me, again, the difference between a well trained staff and an untrained staff at so many other restaurants. Any question I had, they knew the answer off the top of their heads. Every server knows exactly what's in every dish and how it can be adjusted. No delays, no asking the chef, no attitude. That alone is worth the price of admission for me. GT has 2 menu options, a 3 course price fix (plenty of choices) and 2 tasting menus (1 veg, 1 everything). We picked the 3 course, not knowing you also get an amuse bouche (for me, the most stunning little veg skewer. That doesn't sound good, but it was amazing, and for my BF, a cheese puff), a selection of bread (without a doubt, the BEST gluten free muffin, made in house, that I've ever had.), even 2 kinds for ME! You also get a pallet cleanser (citrus shot, super refreshing), a little assortment of tiny dessert bites, and a TO GO goody (for me, Gluten Free granola). So even though I was little shocked by the sticker price, it was a lot of food over all, and a tremendous amount of care and work. Dinner. I had the smoked trout. It's almost a misnomer, because this was the most luscious piece of fish I've ever had. Like crack. No clue how they did that. Totally melts in your mouth. Then the lamb,  with sausage, mushrooms, and sunchokes. Remarkably perfect texture of the lamb. My boyfriend had the tartare, classic and beautiful. The black bass with sweet potato. Stunning and again, perfectly cooked. And when I say each thing was perfectly cooked, I mean they redefine the way something should be cooked. Like I'd never HAD a proper piece of properly cooked protein before. For dessert, I had a very limited choice considering all my food intolerance, but they kept it a secret that the pastry chef made me something special: a 7 layer coconut cream cake with marzipan. Absolutely stunning. And a little, "Happy birthday tamar" in chocolate on the plate. they have better handwriting than I do, WRITING IN CHOCOLATE! I watch every TV show with food involved. I love watching Chefs Robert Irvine and Gordon Ramsey save restaurants from the brink of failure. Every time, the cooks in these restaurants say, "my food is great. I don't know why people aren't coming." and then they taste something made by Robert and Gordon and realize, oh, my food's not nearly at their level. And that's what I always think. A lot of people who eat at chain restaurants, or fast food, or packaged food from the grocery store just don't know what good food is. Because REALLY good food redefines what that means to you. Gramercy Tavern just redefined what good food and a good restaurant is to me. So damn! How am I ever supposed to eat again! Danny Meyer, you're way too smart. Thanks for a fantastic meal. And thanks to my bf!
This restaurant served one of the best meals I've had during my brief stay in NYC. All of the staff from the hostess to the server were very accommodating and friendly. However, good service alone does not get you the stars. The food surely does. I ordered the crab puree with sweat peas, pink peppercorns, and bacon. I had a very minor quibble with the peppercorns not being blended in perfectly but it was not enough to detract from the dish as a whole. I ordered the rabbit for my main course which was perfectly tender and fit well with the shallots, sausage, and olives. The potato puree was served in a separate container and was whipped to the right consistency. This place will definitely be a repeat experience the next time I find myself in NYC.
I had high expectations for Gramercy Tavern, since I am a fan of Chef Michael Anthony.  But for a Michelin star establishment ranking #6 on Adam Platt's list of New York's 101 Best Restaurants, and given Anthony's recent James Beard Award for Best Chef in NYC, I was completely underwhelmed. The restaurant advises for "business casual" dress code, but the term seemed pretty loose and the vibe of the restaurant is relatively low-key.  For women, just don't wear shorts.  The patrons were dressed ranging anywhere from casual to more formal. The restaurant interior was spacious and I liked the ambiance.  My parents and I ate in the main dining room.  Overall, the food was simple and good, but not memorable.  I did however really enjoy my dessert, the Peanut Butter Semifreddo with Chocolate Macaroon.  The portion was unusually large though. You won't have a bad experience at Gramercy Tavern, as the service is friendly and the restaurant is beautiful, but for the same price point, I think there are far better options for food in NYC.
Gramercy Tavern is one of those legendary players in the New York restaurant scene, and I had heard SO much about it before I came. Perhaps that's why I was not as floored by the experience as some others. Don't get me wrong - all the food was solidly in the "very good" category and tasted very fresh, but nothing stood out to me as the most amazing or unique dish I had ever had. I guess when it comes to super hyped restaurants at this price point that is what I am expecting - for at least one of the dishes to be rave-worthy. Aside from the food, the restaurant is really beautiful, in an east coast kind of way. By that I mean there's a lot of darker wood and some modern touches, some large seasonal flowers and plants that are really pretty. I guess it's called a "tavern" but I was expecting something more modern. The service was also very nice, as you would expect. If you come here I don't doubt that you will enjoy the experience and the food, but I wouldn't place it at the very top of your list if the food, not the scene, is what you're going for.
Won't be saying anything new. this place really deserves its reputation. Decor is simple but elegant and cozy. Our waiters (we had around 3) were attentive, informative but not overbearing. Service was excellent and I feel that's what really defines the essence of this establishment . Had an awesome dining experience lasting 4 delicious hours. Since there were 3 of us, felt like I ate 9 courses. Standouts were the smoked trout, sirloin steak and the warm chocolate pudding cake.  Lamb parpadelle, scallops, Halibut were just OK, did not leave a party in my mouth. Looking back, wished I swapped my Halibut for the duck since I was looking forward to tasting it. The cheese tasting was great. we just based it off our waitresses recommendation (same for wine). Thoroughly, thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
Gramercy Tavern gets top honors for pulling off a 5 star dining experience without all the attitude of other high-profile NY restaurants.  Unrivaled excellence in cuisine and service, all done in a setting where anyone would feel welcome and comfortable. We chose Gramercy for our parents' 50th anniversary, and I made my reservation easily through Open Table.  I was pleasantly surprised when I called to confirm and they had actually checked the notes I had submitted, and they asked if I wanted them to do something special for the occasion. The person I spoke to told me they would do "Happy 50th Anniversary" in Chocolate Script, which is always a nice touch.    We had celebrated earlier in the year, because nobody knew if we'd be together, and being at Gramercy for the actual day just made it more special. Entering the restaurant on a Friday, there was a small crowd... things are getting tougher in this economy.  Soon after we were seated and given menus, the main waiter came over with a bottle of bubbly and my brother gave me a questioning look that said, "hey did you order this, and why?".   Turns out it was on the house!   Nice touch. We all decided to do the Autumn tasting menu, which oddly had almost ALL fish dishes.  For most of my family that's great, but we were told that any one person, or the group could ask for a substitution as long as it was just one dish and not half the menu.  Totally reasonable, and my father was able to get a beautiful filet of beef dish as one of his tastings and was a happy camper as a result. Also great was the wine service.  We weren't really sure what we wanted, and we were given several different tastes so that we could make a choice without guessing... Very nice ... some restaurants will scoff at that, wondering why the customer doesn't know.. but this was a great customer service gesture. A good amuse bouche, followed by Arctic Char,  Salmon two ways, Halibut (best fish dish all night... slow roasted), veal and god only knows what else... I had lost track. Impeccable service,  the wait staff always knew when we needed something, and they gracefully answered our numerous questions about preparation and ingredients.  (This is what happens when you have developing foodies/ oenophiles in the crowd) One of the best dining experiences I've had...
Forget the meaning of money, embrace the power of money and you're gonna be just fine. It's fn historic too so seriously, don't even or forget it. It's too kewl for joo.
I'll need to come back for the tasting menu, but I did get the opportunity to dine in the tavern room during happy hour recently.  The full menu was available, but given we had just arrived from LA hours before and had our one year old son in tow, we kept it casual and rather quick, so we went a la carte.   First off, if you bring a child here be sure they are very, very well behaved.  The staff gave us a bit of a look when we strolled my son in, but he being the charmer he is had them all smiling and coming by to talk to him by the end of the meal. The day we were there I chose a fennel based seafood stew that really hit the spot.   Initially, I found the staff a bit formal and stuffy, but quickly realized I was suffering from LA - Manhattan culture shock.  The fact that the staff seemed to enjoy my son's presence after feeling us out a bit, heavily influenced my attitude adjustment.   I can't wait til our next NY trip when I take my wife here for a date night!
Came with with a group of friends for dinner. If you sit in the main dining room you have 2 choices, either the tasting menu with 6 courses or the dinner menu with 3 courses. We had the dinner menu with 3 courses for $86. The tavern menu is a la carte. I started with the Whole Spelt Spaghetti with Navy Beans, Ramps and Smoked Pork. First of all I had no idea what ramps were until the waiter explained that they were wild leeks. Spelt is a type of wheat and the spaghetti they made with it was pretty good, definitely cooked al dente. Overall you could taste the pork in the sauce and the ramps were there but didn't really overpower anything. I liked the navy beans in the sauce but they seemed a little extraneous. Having said that, I did eat them all. For my main course I had the Rack of Lamb with Salsify, Hazelnuts, Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Ramp Greens. The lamb was cooked medium rare, just as I requested, and the mushrooms were fresh and fantastic. However, looking back I am not sure that this entree was worth a $10 supplement. There were 3-4 slices of the rack of lamb served on top of the mushrooms, salsify, and ramp greens. For those who don't know what salsify is, which I did not before eating it, it's a root vegetable that is supposed to taste like an oyster. I did not taste the supposed oyster-ness but it was pretty good. Maybe I need to try it in a different recipe as the lamb flavor and sauce might have overpowered the natural taste of salsify. Dessert was the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding with Cacao Nib Ice Cream. The bread pudding was good but the cacao nib ice cream was a little bitter. The decor of the place was little like being back in a colonial house, lots of paintings/portraits of people and many bouquets of fragrant flowers. Overall the meal here was solid. There wasn't a spectacular dish but no one was disappointed with their meals.
Gramercy Tavern has vaulted up to near the top of my list of favorite New York City restaurants.  The food was impeccable in every respect.  From the amazing ciabatta rolls (which I ate far too many of, causing me to spend most of the remainder of the evening clutching my stomach in sweet, sweet agony), to my fantastic appetizer (a smoked lobster in saffron sauce), to the succulent, juicy pork loin/belly I had for my main course, to the insanely delicious chocolate bread pudding dessert (easily one of the top 5 desserts I've ever eaten), this was a flawlessly executed meal with top-flight, fresh ingredients.  The room is beautiful - elegant but quite comfortable - and the service is very competent. Prices are rather high for the amount of food you get (about $100 for a three-course meal), but you'll find that it is absolutely worth it.  And as I mentioned before, they keep the bread coming, so at least you will not be hungry when you leave!
Simply put, one of the best dining experiences I ever had. From the friendly greeting to the pleasant send-off, not one moment struck me as less than exceptional. My partner and I were there for our honeymoon, and after dining on delicious pork tagliatelle and delicious lamb loin, they brought us a special dessert on the house to go with our already exceptional rhubarb sponge cake and chocolate batman cake. Thanks so much for the fantastic experience, Gramercy, it was worth every penny!
OVERPRICED! Everything is great but not the main - food. The food from 3 course menu (92$ per pers) was on the lowest level for such restaurant. The choice of main course is poor. You can see the beans ( taste like heinz actually) in every dish. Starters was not bad but after that a disaster became. I had a lamb loin (2 piec sized like baby's palm) with smelly cabbage like in USSR. Second party had a pork loin . It tasted like smoked turkey breast wich was cooked couple of days ago. Cocktails was 80% ice Desert? I think you can guess. The only plus its service.
Everybody needs to dine at this fine establishment!!  If you don't want to spend a ton, dine in the Tavern room.  It does not take reservations, but it is well worth the wait.  The service is absolutely perfect! The cocktails, appetizers, entrees and desserts are all cooked to perfection.  If you're not completely satisfied, please let your waiter know.  They want to make sure every customer is happy. What are you waiting for? Go go go!
It was just a fabulous meal, the service, the decor, the food. The entire experience was just amazing.  It's not the knock your socks off amazing, it creeps up on you, and by the end of the night, you realize you've experience excellent service, food, and ambiance. We had both the summer tasting menu and the vegetable tasting menu.  The service was wonderful, I mentioned once I didn't like potatoes, and he waiter took care to remove all potatoes from my order, including the gnocchi.  With the vegetable tasting menu, they were able to make everything vegetarian (remove razor clams and terraine from the asparagus terraine).  I mentioned I don't eat nuts, and they were careful about all nut products. Summer tasting menu: Citrus Cured Arctic Char (Lemon Confit) - so good - very light flavorful Smoked Trout (Cippollini Purée and Pickled Onion Vinaigrette) Grilled Sturgeon (Leeks, Potatoes and American Caviar) - so so Duck Confit (Potato Gnocchi, Honshimejii and Quail Egg) Rack of Veal (Morels and Asparagus) Tasting Dessert Vegetable tasting menu Asparagus Terrine (Fresh Goat Cheese and Pickled Ramp Vinaigrette) Nettle Soup (Pea Shoots) Celery and Lemon Risotto (Razor Clams) Warm Salad of Vegetables and Farro Mushroom Ravioli (Wild Mushrooms and Aged Balsamic) Tasting Dessert The food was good, but not amazing.  The reason I give it 5 stars is the ambiance, and overall experience.   And thanks to GT, I've learned I have a new allergy.  It was something in the rhubarb tasting dessert, because they give you a little take house muffin/cake, and I totally was allergic to whatever was in that, and it contained rhubard as well.  I learn something new every day.
I'm not sure words can describe the experience but if I must it was superb!   We opted to have the tasting menu and it definitely was the right choice.  Each course got better and better saving the best for last!  The duck breast was Awesome!  The skin was perfectly crisp, and the meat was just the right color pink with a succulent, juicy taste.  The food was exceptional.  The beauty of the menu allowed me to try things I might not normally order like smoked sturgeon, and rave about it the next day to all who would listen.   The dining experience was fantastic and we loved the ambiance of the  restaurant.  When we arrived, we waited in the bar/tavern area.  It was loud and had a decor with an earthy rustic vibe.  When we were seated at our table in the dining room, the atmosphere immediately changed from loud bar to cozy formal dining room.  Each table was comfortably placed and we felt like we had our own little private space.  The waitstaff was warm and attentive but not at all pretentious or uptight.   I have been fortunate enough to be able to enjoy great restaurants and gramercy is in my top five.  Enjoying a great dining experience like this on my birthday makes turning a year older a little less depressing.   It's always a nice treat to go home with breakfast the next day too.  We received two coffee cakes to take home and they were great the next morning with my coffee.
Ate in the bar area (Tavern) vs. the dining room. Really enjoyed dinner here. Opted to order a la carte vs. the set menu for the evening. Ordered an Appetizer, fish as an entree, and shared 2 1/2 orders of pasta as a mid course with my dinner partner. 2 coffees and a cookie plate for dessert. This was a great way to order. The pastas were both amazing. Butternut squash lasagna with hen of the woods mushrooms and cavatelli with braised lamb. Both dishes were very different and equally delicious. I had the cobia for my entree and my girlfriend had the artic char. Loved eating such fancy food in a casual atmosphere. Service was amazing. We arrived at about 6pm on Monday and sat right down but by the time we left at 8:30 it was packed so definitely recommend to come early, if possible.
Long considered New York's best restaurant, Gramercy Tavern has lost Top Chef judge Tom Colicchio as its leader, but has retained his elegant and inventive New American fare. Fresh ingredients smartly combined in creative twists on familiar favorites is the name of the game here. Prix fixe lunch and dinners are served in the white tablecloth dining room in back, while less expensive a la carte meals are had in the more casual light-filled bar room in front. The decor is old hunting lodge meets new age organic farmhouse. The service is flawless and without pretension and the clientele are a fun mash-up of old New York money and food-loving yuppies. The prices are not cheap but you get what you pay for. A long and varied wine list and a smattering of fun desserts will induce you to while away hours and leave completely satisfied and elated. Not to be missed.
Are you into a multi-cheese filled exploding meatball the size of a baseball?  You are?!  OK!  Then you had better get your ass to Gramercy Tavern because you will not be disappointed.  It is a signature dish of theirs and I've probably never seen my boyfriend as happy as he was when he took his first bite. I have only eaten in the Tavern room and never in the back for the tasting menu (which I am dying to do at some point and hear is heaven on earth) but I thoroughly enjoyed every single bite I have had to eat here.   Delicious food, wonderful service, great atmosphere, and something on the menu for just about everyone.  An absolute must. LOVED it!
Perhaps it is 3.5 stars. It wasn't a bad experience but there was nothing great about it either. Having been to most high end restaurants in NYC, this one doesn't match up. Every dish from seasonal pre-fix menu was similar. Something in sweet vinegar broth. Every single dish. I probably like first course the most because that was the first time I had the broth. (Scallops). Warm lobster salad was pleasant as well. Halibut - was fishy and flavorless and I normally love Halibut. Tortellini - pretty decent. Duck was cooked well but the vinegary corn that came with it didn't work for me. Dessert was just ok. I don't think I would come back with so many better options in the city.
Gramercy Tavern had taken on semi-ethereal qualities from the moment I first learned of this restaurant a few years ago. At the time, since I was still stuck in my third year of college and completely uncertain of my future prospects, I had resigned the thought of it to the back of my mind; a wish with no substance and little possibility. Fast forward a few years: With the excuse of hitting my 6-month mark at work and a little bit of luck on OpenTable, I eventually found myself outside the doors of Gramercy on a Tuesday evening with a more than willing dining companion. Even at first glance, the interior is warm, bustling, and, quite simply, gorgeous. The important part of the night, I suppose, is the food. We had decided before arriving on the Seasonal Tasting Menu, which is the best opportunity to get a myriad of flavors and ingredients into a meal. While they do also offer a three-course prix fix and have options a la carte, this is probably the best option for those who don't forsee a return visit anytime too soon in the future. After taking away our menus, we were given sourdough slices and butter; nothing too memorable about this, as the star of the evening were the courses that followed. Amuse-Bouche - We started off with an amuse bouche, a small gougère. The outside shell was flaky and easily gave way to the farmer's cheese in the center. One - A small vase-like bowl featuring Nantucket Bay Scallops. The scallops should have been the centerpiece, but the choice to serve them cold forced my attention to the additional components: the clams, nori strips, salmon roe, and shiitake mushrooms. A diverse array of ingredients and textures, it could have been a very discordant dish. but the cilantro broth was able to tie in all the elements and ended the course on an uplifting note. Two - Our second course was one of the most memorable dishes I can recall. The root vegetables were so perfectly cooked that each bite sang of the pure, unaltered flavors and the lobster so unbelievably tender that it almost melted the moment it hit my tongue. This is the dish that made me regret avoiding seafood for the first two decades of my life. Three - A block of halibut served over black-eyed peas and squash, and garnished with slightly charred brussels sprouts. The halibut was well-cooked and tender, but it would have been incomplete to stand alone. While an overall lightly flavored dish, I was most surprised and pleased by the smoky flavor in the brussels sprouts. Four - The Sweet Potato Agnolotti was a deceptively simple dish, but the filling inside this pasta was mind-blowing. Creamy, sweet, with hints of spice, each bite contrasted perfectly with the pine nuts and the crosne. Five - I had yet to have duck in any form other than well-done, but the Roasted Duck Breast may have spoiled me. Tender, perfectly seared, it was paired well with the oyster mushrooms and accompanying lentils and parsnips. The overall flavor of this dish played on the milder, safer side, but the ingredients were able to speak for themselves. Intermezzo - A Mandarin Orange Panna Cotta. A tiny, tiny cup bearing a miniscule amount of food, but the flavor packed into each bite was unbelievable. The wafer on top was a nice touch, and dissolved on your tongue instantly. Six - Chocolate-based desserts aren't my first choice, but I was pleasantly surprised by Gramercy's Chocolate Pecan Coconut Cake. Not overly sweet with a good balance of denseness, it was a five bites of heaven that disappeared all too quickly, even when paired with the butter pecan ice cream. Each dish was exquisitely presented, a treat for both the eyes and the taste buds. And not only was each individual plate a success, but they each melded with the others; it wasn't until the end that we realized how meticulously plated each course was, in addition to how perfectly each segued into the next. The transition between courses which initially appeared so seamless was, in fact, a wonderfully orchestrated masterpiece. I'm also grateful for the fact that despite its association with fine dining, there is none of that unnecessary pretentiousness here at Gramercy. Service is genuine, knowledgeable, and perfectly timed. Despite the numerous courses and the change in silverware that it entailed, our servers handled it with grace and efficiency. Yet another mark of distinction for a Michelin-starred restaurant. The diners themselves are an eclectic yet gregarious group, from the old couple who leaned over to admire our desserts, to the pair who mistakenly thought my friend was sliding an engagement ring onto my finger (which resulted in a good ten minutes of laughter for all of us). All of this, however, resulted in an unforgettable evening. Gramercy, you were definitely worth the wait.
Our intent was to try another restaurant by the same owner, but when that location was closed, they suggested the Gramercy Tavern. We were very impressed by the atmosphere and the professional staff (even the young lady who had just started that week seemed very well trained). The food was a perfect balance of flavour and size for a reasonable price. Our waters were always full, bread always on our side plate and a great wine recommended by the staff. Between the four of us, we had their fish, lasagne, sausage dishes and appetizers all unique to the summer season. The assorted desert sorbets are all delicious! They change their menu each season and I look forward to returning to this establishment on our next visit to New York.
This is by far the best restaurant I've been to in New York so far. It's difficult to get a reservation so it's perfect for special occasions. The service is impeccable and the food is simply perfect.  The wine menu is the size of a novel, so there are many choices available for any budget. The food is obviously pricey but it is definitely worth it!
Went here for a school project (I'm a hospitality management major). My classmates and I each ordered from the pre-fixe lunch menu. I had the autumn soup which was pretty good and creamy. My next dish was steak with roasted root vegetables. It was ok. I only got 1 piece of potato; my classmate got 5. The steak had a nice crispy exterior, but was too rare inside. For dessert, I had the sorbet trio. The flavors were more palate cleansing than dessert-like. The service was good, but not what I expected for a fine dining restaurant. Would I go here again? Probably not. In my opinion, the prices are not worth revisiting the experience.
Came here with two other people on a random Saturday night and asked to be seated at either the tavern or the dining room... whichever was open first. To our surprise, there were cancellations to the dining room and we were seated in 20 minutes. There's quite a difference between the tavern and the dining room. The dining room is fancier and serves either 3 course pre-fixe for $92 or seasonal or vegetarian 7 course pre-fixed for $120 and $102, respectively.  I had the seasonal menu and one person in the party had the vegetarian.  For the most part, the food was great but there was a dish in each of the menus that was not spectacular - radish salad and squid ink spaghetti.  My favorite was either the scallops or halibut.  So fresh. Buy for the price we paid for 3 people, over $600, I would've thought I was eating somewhere else. Our service was also good.  We put the servers on the spot, having them chose wine pairings that would go well with both vegetarian and seasonal options.  Kudos to them for doing that. They just seemed a tad frazzled when trying to clear our plates and we weren't quite finished. I think I would like to try the tavern if I go back. Looking at the menu, the price point is worth it...a $48 four course meal and $20 beer pairing.  The food is also off the grill and appeared to be delicious as well . Lastly, thanks for the free umbrellas!  It was raining out and they gave us nice umbrellas!
Gramercy Tavern is my favorite fancy restaurant in the city. I like it better than Del Posto, Eleven Madison Park, Dovetail, etc. Gramercy is the perfect combination of swankiness and exciting food that makes you feel like the splurge was worth while without feeling stiff, pretentious or like everyone knows you don't belong there. I have been for lunch and for dinner and loved my experience both times.  Obviously the food is amazing. There's not too much explanation needed. It's American food that you will recognize, but always interesting and you never feel like you could whip it up at home yourself. The cocktails are also very good; I recommend arriving a bit early to hang out at the bar. The waiters are extremely helpful and can break down every tiny component of a dish if you need help deciding. It's exactly the personality you want when you are leaving a large chunk of change for a tip - professional, polite, knowledgeable, attentive. Great decor. Tasteful and clearly upscale, but you won't be afraid of it. It's almost like sitting in a very wealthy relative's house. People are talking and having a good time.
I have been here twice now, and I wish I were writing this review sooner after having eaten here, because I've forgotten some of the amazing details, but it is safe to say this is my favorite restaurant in NYC.   The service is always bespoke.  The host staff is friendly and efficient.  The wait staff acts as one harmonious organism, ready to serve your every need.  The last time I went, it was my mother's birthday and off the cuff, I asked our server to do something small with desert, and he happily obliged with a subtle message in my mother's desert. The decorum is warm and homey.  It reminds me of a Hudson Valley farmhouse, and during the winter, the open oven on the right hand side of the tavern is quite welcome. The wine list is great.  The first time we ordered here, I choose an Oregon viognier, and it was great.  The second time, my girlfriend's father ordered a vintage from Long Island, of which I am normally skeptical, but it was really good! The food.  What can I see about the food.  It's incredible.  The first time I went I had the lamb ragu appetizer, and I could have eaten it by the pound.  The first main course I had was a Spanish mackerel covered in a melted foie gras butter.  It was sublime.  The second time I went I had a venison medallion and sausage medley.  I love venison, and this was cooked to perfection.  It couldn't get any better.  Dessert however helps.  I could eat the chocolate bread pudding, and the peanut butter cookie desert every day, for the rest of my life. Do yourself a favor.  Go here at least once a year.  It does get kind of pricey.
amazing food.
The best restaurant experience I've ever had in NY! Entire staff was incredibly knowledgeable about wine and food and funny and friendly. The tasting menu with wine pairings is the way to go!
Like zomg Scooby the kelbasa. Like. Seriously. So I'm not really the "fine" dining type. Especially when its 3:00 in the afternoon I'm still hung over from last night, starving and have to be at work in two hours. So. In essence. I'm pouting. Union Square. Where to eat where to eat where to eat? Gramercy Tavern? Say wha? Isn't that place like you know hella expensive? Oh? You need to take me? *all I really want is a burger, fries and a freezing cold coke* Sure yeah that sounds great. *not happy, under dressed, hungover, pout face* Well I got the fuck over it when my food arrived. So. Good. She was right. Don't tell her that though.
As far as good food goes, this place is definitely good. But why I love Gramercy Tavern is not just because of the food but also because of the experience. In NYC, there aren't a lot of restaurants that can double as a both a walk-in smart-casual tavern and also a fine dining restaurant that have both customers walk out the door happy and well-satisfied. With Gramercy Tavern, they do this so enormously well that it has for years been my go-to restaurant for special occasions and last minute smart-casual dinners (no reservations taken for the Tavern-side). Among the many times I've been there and before moving away from New York, service has always been consistent and the maitre'd also quite gracious. However, for first time diners, you may be asking how is the food? The food is always satisfying. Partly because the core of their menu does not change frequently, so what they offer has been tried and approved by New Yorkers many times over. So it's definitely good food they are serving. Personally, I love the heartier poultry & meat dishes they serve because Gramercy Tavern is known for their gourmet yet very New American menus. Which leads me to the other part of why food here is satisfying. In my opinion, the ingredients are not always used in the most innovative ways, but they are fresh, supposedly-organic and prepared in a way that bring out the best of their flavor(s). I really believe the gourmet quality is such a plus for this restaurant because it allows itself to be accompanied by a range of great wines. And the second question a typical foodie or any restaurant guest would ask would be regarding affordability & value...At Gramercy Tavern, the prices are in a moderate range for New York's standard. Considering the number of awards and accolades this restaurant has received over the years, the prices are reasonable and you will not go home starving unless you are on a $30 dollar budget. At the very least, prepare to shell out $50++ pp for smart-casual dinner with a date on the tavern side. While on the dining room side, prepare to spend at least double that. If you're not from Manhattan, this might seem a little pricey--but it's quite the norm to spend as much as you do on the tavern side for a good meal. Again, this restaurant is truly a good one (fresh quality ingredients, consistency of service and versatile atmosphere) and should be jotted down in every foodie's black book...
While I had the most attentive, professional and one-of-a-kind service from my server "Jadelyn" - (sp), I couldn't say the same for the maitre'd who kept me waiting for a tad too long while getting my table ready. I had the following: - Barley and butternut squash risotto (good) - Pork croquette (alright, a tad salty for me - I could have done better with another dish. I guess I was thinking more schnitzel-like when I ordered this) - Mango lime cheesecake with salty macadamia nuts, mange cubes and a mango sorbet (super way to end the meal) Nevertheless, Jadelyn made the meal a fantastic experience. I was even given a gift card for my next return. How sweet. I look forward to trying another entree so look out for the upcoming 5-stars :)
We had a early reservation and were seated right away. I had informed the restaurant that it was a birthday celebration and they were very nice about extending good wishes as we sat down. Service was outstanding from all. The atmosphere is that of a private club where you have been welcomed as a regular visitor . The portions are not huge but hey, this is NYC. They have a huge business whether you have 4 ounces of fish or 8. Just the reality of fine dining in this area with a restaurant with this reputation ! Go enjoy! The quality of ingredients shined through. Make your reservation well in advance and enjoy !
This time around the food was much better than the last time I came here. I had the 7-course tasting menu which included: Warm raw oyster - very good Raw red snapper - delicious Raw halibut - delicious Fish (forgot which one this was but it was cooked) - nice Duck dumplings - delish Sliced steak - decent Cheese plate (included an orange colored one) - all were pretty good Silver dollar size pineapple upside down cake with sliced pineapple strips - good Coconut with passionfruit ice cream - best dessert here The service was also quite good. Definitely a worthwhile tasting.
Classy, warm atmosphere that is so inviting...and especially nice around the holidays.  We ordered the Seasonal and Vegetable tasting menus.  Plenty of dishes to try, and we thoroughly enjoyed just about all of them.  The service was very much on point the entire meal, and I get the feeling that the team is made up of many long tenured, professional employees.  An all around wonderful experience that I look forward to taking in again.
The ambiance, lighting and noise level of the restaurant are just right.  We had the lunch winter tasting menu.  Overall, the food is pretty good.  Here is what we had: First course:  calamari and carrot salad with lemon vinaigrette.  The subtle dressing on it brought out the flavor of squid very well and pieces of carrot added a nice contrast to the texture. Second course: smoked trout with onion puree. Quite good.  The trout was smoked just right. The onion puree is quite original and bold.  The flavor was a bit on the strong side but my companion liked it.   Third course: sea bream with white sweet potato and american caviar.  The sauce with caviar was a letdown. It killed off any flavor of sweet potato and tasted just similarly to soy sauce. The fourth and main course: guinea hen with heirloom cauliflower.  This was a homerun.  The meat was marinated well and tasted juicy and delicious and grilled just right.  The cauliflower puree complements the meat very well. Dessert: Pear Tart with toasted almonds, almond cream and lemon ice cream.  Very good (If you like almond that is) despite the overloaded almonds on the tart whose crunchiness masked pears. The service was just fine.  I think chef Anthony is doing an excellent job now.  I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because although the food is very solid, to me for the same price it doesn't have the wow factor or originality of some of the top restaurants in the city.  Perhaps dinner here will achieve that level?
Little known facts: Danny Meyer bowls overhand, never wears a watch because time is on his side, and If he were to punch you in the face you would have to fight off a strong urge to thank him. Came in for my birthday with a couple of close friends to sit in the Tavern part of the restaurant (front, less formal part).  Other than waiting two hours for these fedora wearing, coffee sipping, no restaurant etiquette patrons to leave their seat, I loved the whole experience.  After the meal, I don't blame them as much, as you just want to sit and drink and enjoy the great service and atmosphere that Gramercy Tavern delivers. No detail goes uncovered by their amazing team...the servers to captains to managers are all involved with your meal, and the service is genuine.  On top of some delectable freebies that were sent our way, they capped it with a nice happy birthday Tyler dessert. The drinks are pricey and the tables are tough to get, but it is worth it.
Solid, outstanding food and service. Bread - Eh nothing special about the bread they bring out. Eggplant salad - phenomenal, caramelized roasted eggplant salad. I didn't know eggplant could taste this good! Buckwheat ravioli stuffed with duck, yum. Served in a delicious broth. The raviolis were huge and the duck was deliciously tender inside. Upside down plum cake with sorbet - AMAZING. Petit fours - mini macaroon, chocolate, and peanut butter tart. All fantastic. Delicious food without the stuffiness of other nicer new york institutions.
Came here with J for our 1 year dating anniversary.  Made a note when booking thru opentable that it was our anniversary and as soon as we sat down, the waiter came by with glasses of sparkling wine with their compliments.  a great welcome. we ordered the special tasting menu and it was a great choice.  the citrus cured arctic char was absolutely phenomenal.  it was one of the best starters i've ever tasted.  j loves trout but had never had it smoked before and it was so tender.  she was a big fan.  we weren't huge fans of the duck confit because i think i was expecting the usual duck confit with the crispy skin and the fatty duck.  this was more like a "stew" since it was in a broth with mushrooms.  maybe if i had been expecting that, it would have been better, but i was a little disappointed.  the rack of veal that followed was tasty, but truthfully, i was still thinking about the arctic char. after all these courses, we had a dessert amuse of rhubarb shortcake which was tasty, but then the chocolate dessert at the end was awesome.  it came on plates with "happy anniversary" written in chocolate, nice touch.  this chocolate dessert was like mousse with a layer of something slightly crispy inside which made it.  the crispy layer had the texture of the top of creme brulee.  so good, we just sat there smiling at each other until the plates were empty. after all this, we got little truffles and then the coffee cakes "for breakfast the next day".  what a great touch.  i knew it was coming but it's still very cool. all in all, what a perfect restaurant to celebrate a special occasioin.
After coming here a handful of times and being very impressed, or not (depending on the visit), by the food and the service, I did not feel at all compelled to add my voice to the din that is over 300 reviews.... UNTIL NOW.  I only hope that my words find you before they remove this from the menu, read: go now. And so.... If you like red meats, please, because I probably won't make it back before it is gone- go tonight and order the venison!   I won't try to articulate how it melted in my mouth because you should just go taste it for yourself.  I hope for your sake (and mine because I will be tasting through you & you might hurt me if I lead you astray) that you love it as much as I did.  Let's just say it's the best piece of meat I have ever had.... and I eat enough red meat to be embarrassed.   note: I had it medium rare If you are unhappy with it, you can always drown your sorrows in a cheese plate, wine, and dessert... I'll try to join you.
My sister and I dined here last week when visiting NYC for a few days.  The ambience is beautiful with its rustic decor.  We had the 3 course meal in the dining room.  We had the Beet Salad and Beef Tartare for the first course--both were perfect and light.  For the second course, we had the Striped Bass and the Lamb, which I had medium well.  I appreciated that the food server explained that they tend to do the lamb more on the rare side.  But both of the main courses were to die for, melt in your mouth experience with all the flavors just bursting in your mouth!  For dessert, we had the coconut something and I cannot remember the 2nd one!   The food servers were attentive and we had our water filled several times and never had to look up to find someone.  It seemed like they anticipated our needs.  We loved the breakfast muffin they sent us home with--great touch!  Definitely a memorable meal for our short get-away!
Back to Gramercy Tavern because it's Mom's favorite place and she wanted Dad to try it out.  I have mixed feelings about this restaurant.  The decor is beautiful and the service is impeccable but I find the food to be a little under-whelming.  As you've probably seen from previous posts I definitely lean more towards weird, inventive dishes which is why I always find myself ordering a lot of appetizers instead of an entree.  For this meal, it was a prix fixe menu so I'm going to hit each dish quickly since there's a lot! Smoked Trout with cippollini purée and pickled onions - The fish was super fresh and literally melted in my mouth.  The pickled onions added the perfect amount of bite to the dish.  This one was definitely the winning appetizer. Open Ravioli of Beef and Carrots - This was my other favorite appetizer mostly because of the inventiveness of the dish.  It was all the components of ravioli just without the closed pasta.  It was maybe a little too soupy and the carrots were a little too soft but overall I thought this was tasty too. Beef Carpaccio with celery and anchovy aioli - This was my least favorite.  I felt like the beef didn't really taste like anything and was then just covered up with random greens to hide the lack of interest in this dish.  Not a fan. Pork Loin and Belly with caramelized onions, baked potato and prune sauce - The pork was chewy, I hate the krispy things and the prune sauce was flat.  Not good. Duck Breast and Confit with asparagus, rhubarb, pine nuts and ten grains - I liked what the rhubard did for the duck and the meat was well cooked but while it tasted good it wasn't very inspiring. Roasted Lamb with green garlic, spring onions and ruby crescent potatoes - This dish was absolutely delicious and was by far my favorite entree.  Again something I feel like I've seen on other menus though.  They just really need to find dishes that set them apart. Fudge Brownie Sundae with salted cashew ice cream - The description sounded like I'd love it.  The result not so much.  First of all I hate mascarpone which is what the white balls are.  There was hardly any ice cream and the brownie was dry.  One bite and I pushed this aside. Selection of Ice Creams with buttermilk, coffee, and butter pecan - this on the other hand was delicious.  Some of the best coffee ice cream I've ever tasted. Overall I think this place is very nice but a little touristy and a little underwhelming in terms of whimsy.
My favorite restaurant in New York. Everybody knows the food and drink are great, so instead of fawning ad nauseum I'll try to offer up a few tips from personal experience: 1. A good time to go is Sunday sort of middle-of-the-day. Like 2:30 or 3 PM. I know this is a weird time but have a banana for breakfast, suck it up for a few hours, then prepare to eat and drink for three solid hours in the afternoon. Sit at the bar with anywhere from one to three friends. The bartenders will really take care of you. 2. Explore the beer menu. Gramercy is one of the very few upscale restaurants in New York that boasts about giving beer its due and actually pulls it off. They know what they're doing. Start with a few drafts, which are always fresh, almost always local, and never mass-produced crap. Explore the bottle list. Pair a bottle or two with a cheese plate. The staff are well-trained and will show you the way. In fact, though I would never recommend completely eschewing the outrageously good wine list, try and have a meal sometime there paired entirely with beer. It will be worth it. 3. If you're going to sit in the back room, the fancy-pants part of the restaurant, and you're doing so for a special occasion (anniversary, birthday, etc.), then tell them beforehand. The staff will be sure to add some classy touches in honor of your celebration that you will remember. 4. Move out of New York and visit frequently with an expense account. 5. Okay, never mind what I said about not fawning ad nauseum. Lavender-infused gin martini. Braised pork belly with apples and cabbage. The free spiced nuts at the bar. Giant ricotta-stuffed meatball. Classic ice cream sundae with blueberries and caramel corn. Pear tart with ginger ice cream. These are some of the best things I have ordered at Gramercy, and although you likely won't find these items on the menu when you go because they change the menu so frequently, I needed to give you a small idea of the deliciousness that awaits you. Go.
What! Another 5 star review!!! You can't be serious!!! That's what you are probably thinking right now, am I right? And you probably don't even care to read this review. After all, everything that needs to be said, has already been said. But if you want to read anyway, I'll try keep it short. I love this restaurant... (yeah ok, so does thousands others) I much much prefer to eat at the Tavern area (Hey someone else said that too!). But for special ocassions, the main dining room is the way to go, and I will not say no if you have a reservation and want me to join you... I find the tavern's menu way more exciting than the dining room's. Plus you get the option to do 3 course prixe fixe for $35, which is a STEAL! I always get the sweetbreads, sometimes as both apps and main, in one dinner. That should tell you how much I love this food. I thought I found the best sweetbread in Prune (and I don't even like the restaurant), but I hadn't tasted GT's then.. I love the casualness of the tavern area, the people, the decor,the wine, the staff, the service. It's truly the perfect place to stop by after work and grab dinner and drinks with friends, date(s), or someone special....I can go on and on, but I promised to keep it short. I hope I somewhat did. So that's all folks!
Had an amazing birthday dinner here during the holidays. My bday was the weekend before Christmas so I was lucky to get a table but Gramercy Tavern handles it well. Our own personal hostess seated us for the first dinner seating and I noticed immediately how much space and privacy we had in the restaurant. You can tell they are very particular about not crowding folks which was definitely appreciated. We ordered off the 3 course prix fixe which offered a wide array of options. I might have preferred a few more but realized quickly that because everything is made so fresh they can tweak and change whatever you'd need in case you have dietary restrictions. We do not eat pork and our waiter noted the lamb sausage which came in one of the entrees and even confirmed the casing wasn't pork. Really impressed with this attention to detail. Food was delicious. Beef tartare, snapper in peanut sauce (with insanely fresh, seasonal veggies - yum!), apple cake as a dessert and the most delicious and beautiful coconut cake as a surprise for my birthday. They didn't skimp a bit and we were happily stuffed at the end of our meal. Also worth noting is when we were originally sitting down my husband nicked his finger on his chair. We found a small screw sticking out of the chair, so he simply asked if it could be replaced. The staff were so apologetic and word got out to the manager, who apologized personally and offered us a free round of drinks. We hadn't said a thing, and had moved on from the encounter, but they were so polite. What great service!
Ate there over the past weekend and I have to say it was a wonderful experience.  My boyfriend ordered a Bordeaux from a recommendation from the server which was the best part of my meal.  The experience is all about having so many courses and things arriving unexpectedly.  It's not a place where they are trying to turn tables. We had "the left side" of the menu which means you choose a starter and an entree followed by a dessert.  It's way more to do a "tasting" menu which is 7 courses.  The sourdough bread was awesome to kick it off.  I honestly can't remember what my first course was which says enough on its own. My main dish was the pork belly and shoulder which was tough, fatty and salty.  The vegetables all had a pickled flavor which I was not into.  The BF had the beef carpaccio and duck.  Duck was ok, confit was ok.  I mean it was ok.  I'm not used to eating that much pure fat which is what I tasted in both our dishes.  They do have great service but it's just kind of weird to me that my favorite parts of the meal were the little in-between baby dishes they brought out.  Some kind of granola.  Some kind of taster which was tasty.   The chocolate bread pudding was hands down the best so my hat is off to the pastry chef.  I was so full by the end that I couldn't enjoy the little chocolate tarts and cookies they brought out.  We went to a club afterward so I left our morning after coffee crumb cake at the bar. If they really wanted to kick this place up a notch they would tinker with the decor a bit.  I sat next to a big hideous floral curtain.  There are definitely dated details sprinkled throughout.
My second five star review!  While the Gramercy Tavern has been around for a bit, they can still knock it out of the park. Walked in and was greeted by a lovely fresh faced young woman who didn't possess an ounce of pretentiousness or attitude which was a really nice way to start.  She was gracious and friendly without being snooty or stuck up.  Bartender was accommodating and also quite friendly without being pushy. - couldn't have been better. Hostess came promptly at 729 pm and asked if we would prefer sitting at our table now or waiting at the bar.  Again, all done in such an unassuming manner that we were happy to do whatever made it easier for them.  She smiled and said you're our guests and it's always your choice.  Dang!  So many restaurants in NYC could learn from the professionalism and courtesy this staff showed all night long - there's a reason this place continues to be in the top of so many lists. As for the food, aces again all the way around.  Starter was a perfect beef carpaccio with a light flavor followed by a sea bass served over spaghetti squash in a sauce that was flavorful but didn't overwhelm the fish.  Both were perfect! Dessert was a peanut butter semifreddo that was like a mousse and it was one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.  And since the waiters noticed it was a celebration and some indecision for our last dessert choice, they were kind enough to bring us one on the house - lovely,kind gesture and another reason why this place has such devoted fans. It's certainly not an inexpensive evening but wonderful for a special occasion.  And the rooms were warmly decorated, with an acceptable noise level and flowers that really radiated the lovely spring day. Gramercy Tavern - I salute you!
For my birthday my boss wanted to send me and my partner to someplace that would dazzle us.  All I can say is WOW!  This has got to be one of the most pleasant dining experiences I have ever had. This is one of the most beautiful restaurants in NYC.  Everything from the beautiful flowers to the art, to the clean restrooms and spotless dining room.  Even the wait staff is amazingly beautiful! Though very friendly, the wait staff are pure professionals.  Meaning these are professional waiters and take pride in their work.  They know the menu, they know the way to treat people and they know how to serve! The food is out of this world over the top incredible!  Yes, it's expensive and it was a gift but I will return to this restaurant again on special occasions.  If I could, I'd eat here every week so I can't wait to come back and try the lunch tasting menu!
I came here for my 6 year anniversary with my boyfriend. There's really nothing more to say that hasn't been said already. The experience was nothing short of amazing, exactly as you'd expect from a Danny Meyer establishment. Because it was our anniversary, we were given complimentary champagne throughout the night. On top of the painfully stunning meal, we finished the night with a complimentary cake courtesy of the chef. This almost made cry. It was so beautiful! It looked like a small wedding cake with the words "happy anniversary" written in chocolatey script. The service was spot on, and I will be back for certain. Thank you Gramercy Tavern for the experience of a lifetime.
Great Service, Good Choice in the wine list, beer. One thing which is stupid: beer large is 8usd, small is 4usd: depending on the beer the small for instance can be a super small glass because the beer is more expensive. So for expensive beers, taking a small one makes you get a ridiculous small glass ... That's not degrading the * I have put that s just a detail We had diner on the bistro part not the dining room. Food is very very very good (amazing like a US person would say). We took lamb and lasagna. Quantity are decent Quality is very high and the mix of ingredients is perfect. The food is very refined ! Bravo to the Gramercy team. The place is also very nice (decoration, clean ...) Book in advance, its usually packed.
This is by far my favorite restaurant in Manhattan.  It beats 11 Madison Park hands down. The food was so unique, so tasty and brilliant. I cannot wait to go back!
I wasn't sure if I wrote a review the first time I ate here.  Now I've been there twice and both times were great!  This time I had the Red Snapper and it was possibly the best I've ever had. It was moist, flavorful, and not overdone.  To start, I had the Fish Croquette which was delightful.  Such a nice change from crabcakes.  We had a nice bottle of Pauillac that wasn't overpriced, and to end the evening, the peach blueberry tart, or what I'd like to call orgasm on a plate.  Really, no chocolate or cake or custard, and it was outstanding. If you have to spend a little more money for a good night out, spend it here.  You'll get your money's worth.
Now, my meal was the daily prix-fixe meal. The cocktail I had (the Buzzworthy) was excellent, with a subtle flavor while packing a bit of heft. None of the dishes were bad, but oddly enough, the main course was the weakest link. The salad, appetizer and dessert were delicious though.
My wife and I visited Gramercy Tavern for a special occasion. We were astounded by the attention to detail. The decor and the art were gorgeous. The food was divine. The service was excellent. We could not recommend this restaurant more.
This is one of the most pretty restaurants I've been to, romantic with the displays of flowers throughout the establishment, loved the ceiling arches and spacious dining area. I had the seasonal tasting during lunch, while it was all good--the roasted duck and halibut really stood out.  I wanted to save room for dessert but I couldn't help finishing it.. The wine list is pretty extensive and the server was wonderful throughout the service--knowledgable and friendly. I never felt rushed, nor ignored and the experience itself is five stars; food is four, would be five but I felt the desserts could have been slightly better, more creative definitely would be back
Food and service were outstanding.  I went here for lunch with a friend of mine.  This is my go-to restaurant when I come to NYC. Appetizers Zucchini soup with fried oysters- Perfectly cooked and flavorful.  I do think that the oysters would have been better suited with a warm soup, but I did like it anyways. Entrees Lamb Pappardelle-   This was also good.  Pasta with a hint of lemon was fresh, sauce was delicious,  and lamb (shredded) was good.  Probably not their best dish, decent. Lamb Shoulder- Absolutely fantastic.  It was slow cooked to be very tender yet with crispy skin for a nice texture contrast.  The flavors were amazing.   Dessert Chocolate bread pudding-  Good.  I do admit, I've had better but I don't think in general I'm a chocolate bread putting kinda gal. Pear upside down cake with hazelnut ice cream- best restaurant dessert I've had in a long time.  Simply wonderful.  The waitress was nice enough to bring it out for free.  We were both pretty full, so we told her we would start with the bread pudding and would let her know if we had room left for a second dessert.  She brought out the pear upside down cake anyways and said it was on the house.   Cocktails Rickshaw- Good cocktail.  My only complaint is that it has a lot of ice.  It's like a Mojito, I don't like cocktails with a bunch of ice. Service This is 5-star service.
KenScale: 8.5/10 Gramercy Tavern is one of the most iconic American restaurants in New York City, a long-time Danny Meyer instittuion headed by chef Michael Anthony, who is one of the pioneers in farm-to-table, seasonal cooking that has defined New American cuisine for more than a decade. It also happened to one of the first restaurants that I visited during my time in New York, while I was still a summer intern with almost no experience in fine dining. Obviously, I was blown away by the sophistication of food coming out from the restaurant. How do I feel now after having visited over 200 restaurants in the city? Gramercy Tavern is still a great restaurant but, just like the way I felt for Jean-Georges, the wow factor has dissipated somewhat. I felt that way during a year-end dinner with friends a couple of years ago, but my recent visit for a weekday lunch (coincidentally, a work event) also confirmed my impression. My dining group went with seasonal lunch tasting menu, a relative bargain at $58 given that the tasting menu for dinner goes above $100 per head. The tasting menu started with snap pea salad with carrots, leeks and cucumber dressing (just light but otherwise plain little salad) and lobster salad with pole beans, snow peas and pickled ramps (this I really did like, with juicy lobster). Next came halibut with bok choy, green garlic and mushroom broth, which was very well executed with great balance of flavor and texture. Duck breast and thigh along with radishes, almonds and wheat berries that came next was also perfectly cooked. The dessert consisted of apricot with panna cotta, tapioca pudding, coconut and thyme. All of these dishes displayed the essence of farm-to-table New American cooking very well. Perhaps because I've been too spoiled by the culinary versatility of New York dining scene, but I wasn't blown away either. Don't get me wrong, I would totally bring a friend visiting from out of town to the restaurant to show a classic New American establishment. It's just that the food coming out of Gramercy Tavern had that been-there-done-that feel to me when I was constantly looking for either something truly unique or something classic that was flawlessly executed. The restaurant has a beautiful dining room that is very Manhattan. Getting a reservation can still be a challenge for dinner, but lunch time is relatively more manageable (apparently, they serve a highly acclaimed secret menu burger during lunch time only) and you can always try your luck in the tavern area, which is first-come-first-serve only. The restaurant has a huge selection of wine menu, so definitely try a glass or two. The atmosphere is definitely on the more gentler side with older crowd in suits and dresses (although there is no dress code), so I recommend the restaurant for a special occasion splurge. After my last visit to Gramercy Tavern, I kept wondering whether I am just too spoiled at this point, in my third year living in the city having been all sorts of restaurants. Maybe the problem is my taste; however, on an objective basis, I still think Gramercy Tavern is definitely a place worth visiting every once in a while if you want to have the New York-style fine dining experience.
Absolutely the best meal my bf and I have ever had! We got the seasonal tasting menu.
Love this place, seriously I go back everything me I'm i. The city, brunch, lunch , dinner! All good
Went here last Sunday for dinner with a friend. Our reservation was at 10pm.. but we got there at 930pm and got seated immediately. Both of us had the autumn tasting menu. ($112 per person) and ordered wine by the glass. We had 1. Fluke - Avocado, Radish and Cucumber soo light.. and refreshing 2. Crab Soup - Sungold Tomatoes and Sorrel - SOOOOO Good.. this is my favorite part of the meal. I would have lick the bowl if noone's there 3. Smoked Trout - Cippollini Purée and Pickled Onions 4. Fettuccine - Rabbit, String Beans and Hen of the Woods Mushrooms 5. Venison Loin & Sausage- Pears, Peppers and Smoked Marrow I don't like this one. The meat is cooked medium rare.. so it'smoist and has that red color to it. It's my first time eating deer meat. and it had this weird smell/taste. My friend told me it's actually very light smell compare to the ones he had before. The homemade sausages that came with it are really good. 6. Tasting Dessert There are 2 choices.. blueberry tart and chocolate with caramel. I like the chocolate dessert ones better.. very chocolaty!! They also gave us 4 kinds of chocolate.. the peanut butter chocolate is the best one! yumm... oh they also gave us coffee cake muffins to take home for breakfast! Overall, the food was very good.. and the service was fantastic!
Great service, great food, great ambiance. I would definitely put this restaurant on par with Gotham, the decor here is simply more... rustic? I had the beef carpaccio and squid ink spaghetti, both of which were fantastic. I wanted a Riesling on the sweeter side and the waiter picked something delightful for me. For dessert; stone fruit paired with their fabulous espresso. Gramercy Tavern will not disappoint!
Went for lunch in the dining room, should have sat in the bar area! Menu is small and not exactly full of choices. Appetizer was a bit of a mess (READ: fail), but the entree was pretty good - but not worth the price tag. Would definitely go back to try dinner, but at first glance, not super impressed.
Very pleasant lunch.  We came here to celebrate my sister's engagement.  had the 5 course tasting menu for the table.  Staff was very accommodating since one of the party is a vegetarian and requires modified menu.  The room is pretty and the service was excellent.  The wine list is extensive, wish there were more affordable options.  The food quality and presentation is excellent but one over seasoned course.  A little glitch with the bill but not a downer.  Wonderful experience but too many fine dining options in nyc to deem a return visit.
Romantic, excellent service, tip-top presentation. Amazingly delicious food. I had the vegetable tasting menu, and my boyfriend had the autumn tasting menu. Go easy on the bread! The tasting menu will fill you up! Try the concord crush drink. Really good!
Went to Gramercy Tavern last night while my parents were in town - we stayed for about 3.5 hours to enjoy the great food, tasty drinks and impeccable service. The restaurant offers two dining format options: 3-course or a 7-course tasting menu. They do ask that tables choose the same format so that everyone has the same dining experience. The food was very good, but it was actually the service that really stood out and made this a 5-star experience. For dinner, we got the apps: chilled soup, corn custard and ricotta agnolotti and entrees: pork belly, flounder and chicken & sausage. I really liked my meal, though my mom's chicken was undercooked and she didn't end up eating much of it. The waiter asked if there was a problem, and even after mom said it was fine, the manager came over to check on us, asking if she could re-do the dish or get her anything else. They ended up taking the entree off of our bill (though we told them that wasn't necessary) and also brought out complimentary desserts and drinks - truly above and beyond. For dessert, we got the ice cream sampler, coconut pudding and cherry cake, as well as a complimentary nectarine cobbler and NY eiswein (sweet dessert wine) on the house. My favorite ended up being the nectarine cobbler. I can't wait to come back here when my parents are in town and footing the bill (the 3-course was $92 before alcohol), and I'm interested to see how their seasonal menu changes come fall/winter. Would love to see these guys offer a nice steak option - that was the only thing I kind of missed having available on the summer menu.
Best meal of our lives! From a terrific glass of red wine at the tavern bar to Michael's personal, friendly, efficient service to the three-course meal of amuse bush, various fish, amazing pastas, sauces to die for, mouthwatering pear dessert, and muffins for morning, we simply cannot imagine food life getting any better than this!
Yo Gramercy Tavern! I'm really happy for you that you won Michelin 1 star again and Imma let you finish, but I still think Chef WIlly of Degustation is the hottest chef in NY of all time, OF ALL TIME!
i've eaten here twice the last two times i've been in new york, and i would honestly have to say that this is the best food i've ever had IN MY LIFE. EVER. the first meal was in may 2008 - my fella's birthday dinner. we still talk about the arctic char tartare to this day. the smoked trout was superb and the special that night was ragut that i still dream about and crave completely. i don't remember what wine we had, but i know it was excellent. the staff treated us like royalty - and brought us a cookie plate for my fella's birthday. everything was just perfect! we were just in nyc in august and this time instead of dinner, we had lunch at grammercy tavern. again - SUPERB. PHENOMENAL. AMAZING. PERFECT. i started out with a summer green bean salad that i am also still talking about. how do you make green bean salad worth talking about!?! i don't know, but i think it was the orange vinagrette. it was so good i actually considered ordering another one and just skipping the entree. i didn't. but i wanted to... for my entree i had a fish dish that was also very summery. to be honest, i can't remember what type of fish it was... i think drum, but i'm not sure. it had a delightful dill sauce on it, however that was perfect for a light summer lunch. we keep saying the next  time we go to new york we'' try something new, but i mean, honestly... if ain't broke don't fix it. did i mention this is the THE BEST FOOD I'VE EVER EATEN....
I've been here a few times now just because it comes so highly recommended. I wanted to provide a lower-ish review to provide perspective of this place. I've been on a few dates here, over the course of a few years.  I have had both the prix fixe experience as well as just off the regular menu. Everytime I have been here the bill comes up above how much I pay rent per month.  This is for a meal for 2 people. Let me start with some of the undeniable glamour: 1) The room is beautiful, classy, comfortable without being pretentious. 2) Service is gracious and incredibly helpful.  For the most part sommeliers know their stuff and the menu recommendations are great- they aren't the type to recommend you something more expensive than what you are asking for just because they want to gouge you.   3) The experience is impeccable.  It really is.  You feel pampered.  It's like the first rate spa of restaurants. What I take issue is with general value- and that is why I will never be a "fan" or give this place a 5 star rating.  There is nothing particularly special about this place that you can't get at other places for much much cheaper. Yes, the experience is very nice- but nothing is so spectacular that it will have me coming back over and over again (except for the yelp rating, apparently!) It's a great one time experience, but I certainly would not be a repeat customer just because the value isn't there.  I'm not the type to go to a pricey place just because it's pricey- even when not on my dime.  Next date that suggests this place... I'll kindly steer them towards a more affordable restaurant.
I just have higher standards! First they canceled my lunch reservation and the manager was very rude even though they put it back on not much apologetic about their obvious mistake ! Zero star for management Service was not at the level it should be -2 star at most Now for food, maybe I should have ordered tasting menus but no one in my party was up for it and I felt it will be piggish to do if while you are the only one. However I expected at least my red snapper to be awesome, but the fish was inconsistently cooked !!!! Comoooon ! It was tasty though but again I have higher standards - 2 star the most Special appetizer pasta dish was nice -4 star Dessert - dark chocolate was really mehh and I tried my friend dessert witch was mehh as well ( forgot what it was but some cake with vanilla ice cream and sumac !)  -2 star So to conclude I think I might go back for dinner but I do not like inconsistent restaurants !! And there is a need that executive management have a closer look at poor performance of store level management !
This is one of my all time favorite restaurants. Food and service is amazing. Wine list is great. Gotta love a restaurant that serves hot chocolate in the winter and gives you breakfast when you leave!
I took my hubby here for his birthday dinner and we had a great time here.  The service at Gramercy Tavern was impeccable.  Everyone was professional.  The person that I confirmed the reservations with on the phone was very nice and personable.  He made sure to jot down important information (i.e. if this dinner was for a birthday dinner, then he would like the name, etc).  My glass was never empty - the waitress was always there to fill our wine glass.  The waitress was friendly and answered all of our questions.   Something that I noticed was that the person that took us to our table, walked very slowly and stopped every so often.  At first I wondered why because there was no one in his way, but I believe it is to make sure that we got a good view of the place and let the atmosphere settle in.  **SERVICE: 5 STARS** We decided to have the traditional three course menu.  For our first course, my husband had the special rabbit dumplings consomme and I had the beef tartare.  The consomme was a bit on the salty side.  While the beef tartare had a nice spicy kick to it.  It's not the best beef tartare that we've ever had.   For our second course, I had the duck breast & confit while my hubby had the rack & shoulder of lamb.  The dishes are served in the perfect serving size portion however, for the price, I expected more food than what we received.  (There were only three pieces of duck and three pieces of lamb - not served in the way we pictured a rack of lamb to be served).  Nonetheless, the food was delicious.  The duck breast was cooked perfectly to a medium rare and the lamb was full of succulent juicy flavor.   For our dessert course, we both got the warm chocolate bread pudding which was delicioius.  And, here I will have to add that they wrote in chocolate happy birthday to my hubby and brought the dessert out with a candle. The bread pudding is one of the best that we've had and it is a good contender for the #1 spot in our book for the best bread pudding dessert.  It was not too sweet and full of flavor. ~One thing that I do love about this place is that in between almost every meal, they will bring a little something to sample while waiting for our food to arrive.   Overall: **FOOD: 4 STARS** Even though each course was the perfect serving size portion, we felt that they could have given us a bit more food for $88pp we spent.  We've been to other places where the food was just as amazing for a lower price and served with a bigger portion of food. **PRICE: 3 STARS** Just as a tip: we dined in the dining room.  This is the part of the restaurant where you will need a reservation.  The dress code here is dressy - skip the jeans and put on nice slacks.  It adheres more to the business casual dress code.  At the tavern section, they do not accept reservations and you will have to wait for a table.  The dress code there is more relaxed and jeans are ok. ** Also the menu & prices for the dining room and the tavern section are different.**
I have been meaning to try this restaurant out for ages after my brother recommend it to me so I took my girlfriend there for our anniversary & couldn't be more impressed the steak was cooked to perfection. I don't know when I'll come again though it was very pricey
Absolutely Outstanding in all respects.  Cant say enough good things about the place..  Beautiful flower, décor and restaurant.  One of the best dining experiences ever.  Every bit of every dish was outstanding.  We had the 90 and 105 prefix dinner.  Flounder and all courses outstanding.  Go here no regrets.
2012 Michelin 1 star Had high expectations coming into this establishment, Michelin rated, rated #6 in NyMag best NYC restaurants.  We were able to secure a reservation on a weeknight with relatively little notice, (the day of).  You walk into this deceivingly big restaurant, and the decor reminds you of country-ish, farm with a classic chic twist.  Sounds like a weird combination, but it works.  We dined in the dining room, which is separate from the tavern which is the bar area.  the tavern has a totally different menu.  When we received the menu, we already had the intention of ordering the tasting menu, that is until we heard the specials and looked at the prix fixe menu.  the special was a homemade tagliatelli with mushrooms, other things that pulled us away from the tasting menu was the Duck Breast & Confit with Sunchokes, Brussels Sprouts, Apples and Maitake Mushrooms and the Pork Loin & Belly with Caramelized Onions, Baked Potato and Prune Sauce.  FYI: prix fixe is $88 for 3 course + amuse + petit four tasting menu is $116 for 6 course + amuse + petit four. We decided on prixe fixe. 1st course: homemade tagliatelli + squash custard with shiitake mushrooms and aji peppers 2nd course: duck confit + pork loin/belly 3rd course: Fudge brownie sunday + Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding with Cacao Nib Ice Cream Food: I loved my homemade pasta dish, could eat a tub of that any day. the pork loin/belly was a disappointment, however it was still good.  I think the belly and loin were supposed to be eaten together, although they were separated on the plate, i didnt realize this until near the end where there was way too much fat and too little loin to accompany it.  The duck confit dish was very good though.  The desserts were the highlights both were deeelish.  hats off to the pastry chef, because rarely do i say the dessert was arguably the best course. I will return to check out the tavern side
I went with a group of friends (one with a generous gift card) and we all enjoyed the tasting menu in the main dining room.  The decor was slightly old-fashioned and nothing jaw-dropping, but it was perfect atmosphere for a delicious meal and friendly conversation.   The waitstaff was extremely friendly and even allowed to do a mix and match of some of the menu items on the vegetarian side This is a late review and the menu has changed since then, but one of the highlights were the rabbit dumplings.   Overall, delicious food, unique decor, dedicated staff, I would definitely come back again.
I travel a lot for work, so I frequently struggle to find places where it feels ok to dine solo.  This is one of those places.  I ate dinner at the bar at Gramercy Tavern, and was welcomed by a very warm staff of bartenders.  At some places, you get a judgmental look when you ask to eat dinner at the bar.  At Gramercy, I was given a menu, bread, and place settings with a smile.  The food was flavorful and the portion sizes were appropriate.  While I believe the menu changes, the oysters, arctic char, and sorbet were definitely something to write home about.   I now see why this place has such positive reviews - the lively atmosphere, attractive interior, delicious food, and down-to-earth staff make this place special.
Great atmosphere, food, and service. I showed up here to meet a friend. I was pretty underdressed since I was in tourist mode, but the staff were not at all snotty. The chilled corn soup, not on the menu we were given but recommended by the friendly waiter, was light and refreshing. The sea bass was soft and delicious. My friend had the daily special, an open faced sandwich with heirloom tomatoes and pork belly. The one bite I tried was pretty delicious. For dessert my friend couldn't decide between the peach and blueberry tart with almond ice cream and the chocolate pudding with salted caramel sauce. The server recommended the tart but surprised us with a complimentary order of the pudding so we could try it in addition to the tart. Now that's good service! Both desserts were delicious. Pretty trendy interior with a gigantic bouquet of sunflowers by the bar and wall murals with a food/floral theme painted in bold colors. The menus matched the walls too. All in all a good experience!
Tom Colicchio's spot huh? Of course I wanna check it out! Stopped by here before dinner for drinks and some appetizers. Their bartenders are fantassssstic. So knowledgeable and everything is poured, shaken and stirred with the utmost care. They poured me various whiskeys and scotchs to try until I found one I was happy with. Great service! I also had the most delicious Old Fashioned EVER here. Nom nom nom. Had a ton of oysters here. Succulent and sweet. Not sure what kind, maybe kumamotos? For $2.75 each I sure hope so. Sidenote: Great place to stop by for drinks and appetizers. Met a nice sommelier at the bar who was eating the most delicious looking cheese plate EVER. Must try their cheese next time!
Best meal ever. Everything was great Appetizers: Risotto with corn and ricotta cheese (off menu) Red shrimp (so tender) Main courses: Halibut (so tender) Lamb (cooked so many ways) Dessert: Chocolate bread pudding White chocolate and blackberry tart (the chocolate was better) As my dinner companion said "I can taste the Benjamin in the food." Ingredients were fresh and everything was cooked perfectly. I have never had more perfectly cooked food. I need to come back soon. Portions are generous so don't stuff yourself before you come.
One of the most interesting and great dining experiences I've ever had. It was my boyfriend and my 5 year anniversary. We wanted to go big and celebrate it in NYC. I've heard great things about this place, and heard that they have a great tasting menu. At 125$ a person, you can enjoy a 7 course meal, while feeling pampered and generously served on, and for 110$, you can get the vegetarian tasting menu which was equally as good. Service here is impeccable. Instantly after you finish your dish, someone is there to clear your plate with all your utensils, and place a new plate and utensils in front of you. It was a truly unique experience. Also, once a dish is put in front of you a server is there to discuss the contents of the dish to you in great detail. I enjoyed all of my courses thoroughly, but by far my favorite of the night was my first dish, the lobster salad. When the waiter brought it out I was expecting a salad with greens and lobster. Was I wrong, I don't know how to describe it but it was a parfait type thing with this delicious lobster cream and chunks of lobster in it. It was absolutely divine. Everything was perfectly plated to perfection and every plate kept me interested. The night ended with a blood orange type dessert and two extra plates of assorted chocolates, cookies, and jellies. They also offer you a complementary muffin to take home with you. Gramercy Tavern, you create a great experience for my boyfriend and I, and you very much live up to all your hype.
To preface this review I will say I held it to a higher standard than most experiences given the setting and the price range. By all accounts the food was great, and the restaurant itself was beautiful and I did not have an average or below average time here. However, this is Gramercy Tavern and walking in you have expectations that you would like met. The service was incredible; our glasses of water were never more than half empty before they were refilled...the bread servers were watching constantly to see if we wanted more and our waittress was always around but never overbearing. Hats off to whoever is running this place from an operations and service standpoint. I did not have any of the wine that night but my guests commented on how superb the recommendations were so theres my .02 on that. The food was a bit of a letdown. I know a tasting menu is supposed to have small portions but I have dined at many restaurants in the same league as this one and I have never been hungry and wanting for more at dessert time. That was a big disappointment; after all the flair and panache a restaurant is supposed to feed you...and when you show up and spend time and money and leave only slightly satisfied and wanting more I think that leaves a bad taste in your mouth (no pun intended). The arctic char was a standout....quite incredible as was the duck. The rest of the starters left a bit to be desired especially the black squid spaghetti. Dessert was quite well executed....however, the blood orange panna cotta wasn't quite as good as I imagined. It didn't have the flavor that the cookie platter our server gave us had which I actually thought was the best part of the meal! The coffee muffin we received at the end of dinner for the next day was a nice touch. The atmosphere in the Dining Room very classy, yet upbeat and not stuffy. I've been to similar places and the people never look like they are having any real fun. Not the case here; also love the massive chandelier sitting over one of the larger tables. If you come in with a large group request this table! Overall I would say if this was a regular restaurant I'd give 4-4.5 stars however with my expectations and the food servings being as small as they were I had to downgrade my review. Also small portions only work if all the tastings are standouts, which wasn't the case in my opinion. I would be open to coming here again, but might try the Tavern Room next time.
I was meeting up with two friends last Saturday and my friend Dan said he was in the mood for 'a Don Draper night' (his words, not mine). I immediately suggested Gramercy for dinner as I had been to the dining room before (among the best fine dining experiences in NYC) but had yet to try the tavern. We arrived a little after 6, hoping to sit for dinner sometime before 8. The hostess told us there would be a wait of roughly an hour and a half and while the bar was full, we were welcome to order drinks and put our names on the list for bar seats. The list is a great system as it eliminates the need to constantly keep an eye on the bar in order to swoop in on an empty chair. By the time we had finished our first drinks, our names came up for seats at the bar. The feel of the bar is pleasant; the bar tenders are professional yet unpretentious. At nearly 7:30 on the dot, we were informed that our table was ready. I explained that we were still one short as our friend was running late. The host said we were welcome to sit and wait for him at our table - a very nice surprise as we were fully expecting to be bumped down the list until our full party was present. Before we could even ask, he transferred our bar tab to the table, placed our drinks on a tray and led us to our table. Luckily, our missing party member arrived shortly after and we put in our appetizer orders. We ordered the Long Island baked clams, a half dozen Island Creek oysters and the duck liver mouse, all of which were exceptional, but we all agreed the duck liver mouse took the prize. For the main course, my friend and I both ordered the crispy grilled duck leg and my other friend got the arctic char.  I had never had duck prepared in that fashion before but it was VERY tasty. The lentils provided a welcome accompaniment. I did not get a chance ti try the arctic char because my friend gobbled it down in about 7 minutes flat, but I am assuming he enjoyed it. As is expected with any Danny Meyer establishment, the service was impeccable from start to finish. For me, this is what really puts Gramercy Tavern in a separate class from its competitors. Don't get me wrong, the food is FANTASTIC, but whether you are eating in the dining room, the tavern or even at the bar, you can relax in knowing that you are dealing with a staff of trained professionals. In short, the dinner was a huge success and we continued on to the rest of our night in very high spirits. I absolutely love this place and I plan on coming back every chance that I can.
This place was amazing! We were in NYC for 2 weeks during Christmas and came here twice, the first time wasn't planned. We were in the neighborhood and asked for a recommendation for a good drink. Once we sat down and tried the food we were hooked, the day before we left to come home we came back for a late lunch. During the first visit we tried the mussels with chorizo, kidney beans and a cilantro broth (tasty!) We also had the meatball, yes, one meatball... this thing was the size of a softball, cut in half and served on top of the creamiest potato puree ever. I would have licked the plate if it wouldn't have been totally inappropriate. The second time we came here for lunch. I started out with the orange blossom cocktail, champagne poured over a sugar cube with a big slice of orange rind (delicious, I had 2!) We shared the mussels (again) and the sweetbreads which were to die for! The husband had the meatball for a second time and I had the kielbasa with speatzle, both were excellent. The service was good, not the best I have had but with the food being as good as it was I can forgive. Plus I think NYC service is just completely different from the service you receive in Texas, people are just friendlier down here.
Yes, it is worth the hype and money!!! I made RSVP 28 days in advance, flew in from ATL, and I had an excellent experience. Exceptional service and food. The decor wasn't my style; the decor didn't seem to have a coherent theme, but that's not important. I had the 3 course menu. Everything was cooked to perfection. Smoked Trout, Cipollini Purée and Pickled Onions Roasted Lamb, Sunchokes, Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Spring Greens Chocolate, Devil's Food Cake, Black Cardamom, Rum and Banana Ice Cream What I really liked about the experience was that the restaurant gives you bonus foods that aren't on the menu. Everybody loves surprises! What a great place. I can't wait to come back one day!
Gramercy Tavern, thank you for reminding me how rich, buttery, and delicious pork belly is supposed to be (Yeah, I'm looking at you, Chung Sol!).  Your rack of lamb is perfection on a plate.   This is one of the few places that I think should be elevated from 1 michelin star to 2.  If you're still hungry at dessert time, just get the Peanut Butter Semifreddo.  You'll go home happy.
Exceptional food, service, ambiance and location. Easy to get to. 4.4 stars. The lunch menu is reasonably priced. The portions are the right size; i.e. not too big. I have also had lunch in their private dining room; it was a great experience. The place does need a little cap ex, floors etc are showing a slight sign of wear. But overall, still v good. Hence the 4.4 v.s a 5.
Went here with my wife for my birthday. I'd characterize everything here was 'well composed'. The atmosphere was good. The interior tasteful and comfortable. The mix of people surprised me, from one or two younger hipster types to older grey haired UES patrician types. Perhaps more on the older side than young. The food was balanced and nicely presented, if not blindingly innovative, or challenging, or stand out tasty. I had the prawns to start (they were fine), the lamb for main (undercooked and somewhat unimaginative) and a cake of sorts for desert (nicely presented but forgettable). GT is the sort of place Jack Donaghy (from TV show 30 Rock) would come to enjoy a meal away from the rabble and without any nasty surprises. The service was superb. And they did all they could to make our evening comfortable. Glad I ate here, but  I'm not in any rush to return. For me I like to be more surprised by the combination of ingredients and flavors. And I know when I do want to return, GT will be there.
Great service and great food await you at this New York standard, although I wish it was in slightly-larger portions to justify the steep price. I had the trout and lamb and both tasted great and were excellently-paired with side veggies. The Tavern also does everything extra that a true top-tier restaurant could bring, from the pre-meal shooters to the take-home extras. The wine and cocktail menu was great as well, really loved the Buzzworthy's subtle take on coffee-flavored cocktails. PS: This is probably my demarcation line of 5-star restaurants. Anything equal of above this experience is a five, any lower is a four. I'm picky about stars and Gramercy Tavern is a great example of that five-star border, where any inner-thought criticism gets met with an equally-powerful "what are you talking about, this is great." PPS: My hundredth review! Here's to 100 more.
One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. I took my wife here for her birthday and despite the fact it was our first time there, we were treated as if we were royalty. Upon arrival, the hostess noted that I asked for a more private table and brought my wife back to the dining room to allow her to choose which table she wanted to be seated. The service was phenomenal throughout the meal. We ordered the 3 course meal. For me, the smoked trout was the best thing that either of us had that night. I ordered halibut entree, which was tender and delicate. My wife ordered the lamb papardelle and a duck confit special, both of which were very rich, but not overpowering. We couldn't decide on our dessert courses and asked our server, Gabe, about the blueberry corn sundae, chocolate bread pudding and peanut butter semifreddo. We ultimately picked the bread pudding and corn sundae, and we were delighted when Gabe brought out the semifreddo as well. Just another little thing that made us feel special. By the way, next time I go back, I'm choosing the semifreddo, although each dessert was incredible. The personalized note from Chef Michael Anthony which I received shortly after dining there again made me feel very special, even if it is standard for this restaurant. Although this experience came with a price, about $100/person before tax and gratuity, it was worth every penny.
You want to put the bowl of cauliflower soup w/ truffle oil to the lips and lick the insides of the chocolate bread pudding dish. Artic char is so tender, the duck breast just a bit sweet and salty. Every dish is prepared perfectly and served with the attentive service appropriate for the occasion.
Great dinner with amazing service except for the server that ran into me while seated at my table and gave me a dirty look. I wouldn't say amazing but very high quality food as expected. The restaurant itself is very nice with a very traditional yet modern feel. Expect to spend about $100 - 140 per person on your meal after drink, tax and tips. Quite expensive but worth it for the experience.
I was in the tavern not the restaurant for Saturday lunch. Surprisingly it was not packed however in winter I could imagine this as a go to place. I had the best seat in the house by the window on the couch. The menu is season I had the chicken dish which was divine. My friend had the spinach lasagne, which she thoroughly enjoyed. To top it off we both had a strawberry crumble. I would go back for the crumble it was amazing! Can't wait until winter this venue will make me feel cosy! Great serving size, such fresh ingredients and not a bad price.
I'm in a bit of shock that I've never written a review on the Gramercy Tavern. I've been twice, and of course both times to be treated by my father (seeing as I'm a struggling college student). And although I have a tendency to feel a bit out of place here the experience is always unmatched by any other "fancy" restaurant in Manhattan. I have somehow found myself obsessed with "the meatball," which is a dish with just a giant meatball cut in half covered in cheese under a tasty puree and brown sauce. My father's duck was great as well. We always go with the German chocolate cake for dessert. The waiter unevenly split the cake in the most ridiculous fashion last time we were there - he gave my father a blank garnished dessert plate, and me the plate with the cake and ice cream. That being said they really try to have a personal experience with their customers and the place just always leaves a lasting impression on me. Oh yeah, and the cake was amazing. I hope I grow up to have a enough money to treat my kid every so often to Gramercy Tavern, it's become a family holiday tradition and is an absolute Manhattan must for anyone with a few extra dollars to spare.
What can I possibly add in a review of Gramercy Tavern that hasn't already been stated in 191 reviews?! It's classic New York--old time ballads playing in the background, old time people eating classic dishes. I'm obsessed. I really begrudge people that say Gramercy Tavern is "too sceny" and are intimidated by it because it's well, "Gramercy Tavern." Let's be real, any place that has "tavern," "Inn", "mill" or "hut" in the title, can't take itself too seriously! The menu is always classic and very well executed each and every time. I have ordered the carrot and calamari salad forever and each time it always lives up to its expectations and never changes. Same flavor, same perfection delivered to me every time. Also, the bartender (the bald one, yes you, i love you and I never ask your name because I am salivating at the thought of the martini you are about to shake for me) is fantastic. He also has delicious forearms which in my amateur opinion is the true sign of a great tender of said bar. I'm not going to reiterate everything that has already been said about Gramercy Tavern in the 191 reviews that precede my own, but I will say if you have lived in New York and have yet to pop in, now is the time. The recession is freeing up usually packed seats left and right so walking in on a Thursday night without a rezzie and prayer isn't totally unheard of. Cheers!
We were in the city for President's Day weekend so I made reservations to have dinner at Gramercy Tavern.  When we arrived, they quickly checked-in our coats and seated us.  I ordered the Seasonal Prefix and my girlfriend ordered the Vegetable Prefix menu.  Both came with 5 courses and 2 desserts, and were excellent.  Each course had a variety of ingredients and flavors that created an experience I've never had before.  It was one of the best dinners I've ever rewarded my taste buds with. The atmosphere is nice, but not too fancy that you feel uncomfortable.  The wait staff is excellent and very attentive.  If you're in town and looking for a nice restaurant to dine at, check this place out.
Gramercy Tavern would be a regular of mine if it resided in my neighborhood in Fort Lauderdale. However, in New York? I don't think so.  We were coming off a weekend in NY where we went to Per Se and ABC Kitchen and Le Bernardin and Eleven Madison and Marea.  Gramercy Tavern just didn't measure up. We were given a round table (in the middle of the dining room) which I love as it promotes conversation.   As a party of eight, you can imagine, we tried pretty much everything on the menu.  The best in show finalists were the Seafood Bisque with the Oyster, the Smoked Trout, the Braised Lamb, and the Pork Loin & Belly.  And the winner is... the pork loin.  But there were many dishes that didn't get it done like the Sea Bass and that's my favorite fish. Service was perfect.  Perfect!!! At one point our waiter came to tell us to lower our voices.  I guess we were getting a bit loud why with a party of eight with a few Cubans, an Argentinean, and a girl from Iceland... what else did you expect? She, the waiter, was so nice.  She said "look it's not us, we don't care and actually rather have enjoyed serving you and laughing with you but could you please lower your voices please"... Whether true or not, just perfect!   In the end, we had a great 3 hour meal inside a very nice restaurant and drank lots of wine. We just didn't have a sensational meal.
I've been here twice. Once for lunch with my mom and once for a anniversary dinner with the BF. Both times were great but for some reason I have to withhold a star. I don't know why.. I don't remember much about lunch with mom (this was 2 years back) except of course she kept commenting on the amount of silverware being changed per course ("so unnecessary! poor dishwashers! i barely used that knife! ect"). so I'll just comment on my recent anniversary dinner. GREAT service. GREAT bar nuts. They sent complimentary champagne cause they knew it was our anniversary. We both got the fall tasking menu and BF got wine pairing. Food was good, wine was good, service was impeccable.They sent the pear dessert on the house as well with a cute "happy anniversary" scribble on the plate and sent us home with pumpkin bread muffins for the morning. I really can't complain about anything. It was an awesome meal with awesome service.
I love this restaurant, they have solid execution every time. This is definitely one of my top 3 restaurants in NY because they never disappoint. Great for a date, group, client dinner - it is versatile and despite being around for a while and a popular destination has not compromised on quality, service or creativity Service is wonderful, they are extremely accommodating if you don't eat red meat, are allergic to something etc, sommelier is always knowledgeable and wine list is extensive, lots of by the glass as well Everything sounds pretty simple on the menu when you read it but by the time you actually eat it you realize it is indeed delicious and there is nothing simplistic about it They always give a treat at the end to take home, most times it's been a muffin for "breakfast" but it is too much sugar for the AM so i wait for lunch. Comes in cute wrapping and they are yummy Restaurant itself is elegant, nothing too crazy. The bar area is pretty big and a nice place to grab a drink while you're waiting for your table. Make this place a stop on your NY restaurant tour
Came here with a friend for her birthday and walked in without a reservation but they seated us within 10 minutes as they were cleaning off a table while the line behind us grew tremendously... I had the Tavern Today menu that comes with 4 courses including dessert and everything was nice, but the portions were so tiny I left feeling hungry which never happens to me anywhere - I can feel full off of a cheese plate with a nice glass of wine. My second course of octopus and pasta had 2 nickel sized pieces! Our waiter was great though and offered substitutions for an allergy of mine. My friend enjoyed her pork chop and it looked great with polenta. We went on a Friday and the place was packed- people were standing around us drinking while waiting for their tables and we were not even that close to the bar. It was slightly annoying hearing people laugh way too loud right behind us. So- nice food- everything cooked well and flavors were on point. But atmosphere was lacking- they had too many people standing around and the portion size for my meal was too small. Took a little longer than expected to get our drinks and longer gaps between food, but it looked like a busy night.
Holy moly....what an amazing dining experience. We were here with a rather large party of 8 people.  I have to say that the only negative thing I could find about this place is that our dinner was just a little longer than I would have liked.  We had a 7pm reservation and didn't leave until about 10:30pm. The menu was interesting and something I've never seen.  On the left side of the menu was a first and second course selection.  You pick one of each.  All items are the same price.  You pay for the menu.  On the right side of the menu were the tasting menus, which nobody at our table picked, so I can't comment. On to the good stuff: * the most incredible service I've ever experience.  When dishes were cleared there were 4 people lined up behind us.  One guy gave the signal and everyone's plates/glasses, etc. were cleared all at the same time.  It was choreographed and I was fascinated watching that little "dance" :) * Fantastic wine list... one person at our table selected the wine and it was to die for... I saw later that the wine we picked was $160 a bottle.  Not sure how many bottles we finished... eeks! * Cheese puff amuse-bouche... please sell these by the box! I'll take one home * lobster parpadelle... absolutely amazining!! This was my favorite dish of the night, I liked my first course better than my main course.  I would highly recommend it * Lamb main dish... I was a bit underwhelmed by it.  The lamb was delicious, but I was expecting more of it.  I actually preferred the sunchokes that came with it over the lamb. * Desserts.... oooh the desserts. We had a selection of multiple desserts and decided to share them.  I think the apple crust tart (I think that's what it was...) was my favorite.  In addition to the cookies they provided us. I found it interesting that our wait staff was paying very close attention to when someone didn't finish their plate, because they almost seemed concerned and wanted to make sure that there wasn't something that we disliked about the food. Again, the service is absolutely amazing!! As we were leaving, everyone was handed a parting gift of a muffin.  I thought that was a nice touch! This was definitely a once in a lifetime type of meal!  I'm not sure I'll have another opportunity to come here, but it was definitely worth it and must-try for any food lover!
8 years ago as merely a tyke in the culinary world I had the pleasure of trying Gary Danko in SF. Waited for months for the reservation (Monday night, after 9pm, no less), wore a dress, and experienced what was to be the greatest culinary experience of my life thus far. In restaurant interviews after Gary Danko, I easily referenced my exeperience that night for helping me formulate what I believed the essence of fine dining and what it felt like to be utterly pampered in service, wine, cheese, palate sophistications and pretty cool stuff like switching to a black napkin so you won't get white fuzz on your black dress. It took 8 years of eating around to world to experience such perfection again (this is partly due to my student bank account for most of these years...). Gramercy Tavern is what fine dining is, to me, the blends of comfortable and knowledgable service, the ease of the dinner flow brought forth by competent captains, and most importantly, the bright and fresh flavors of perfectly executed food. This is why people spend so much to experience this. Once you get it, price is not a question. For my birthday we did the tasting menu and split a bottle of pink bubbles, a perfectly dry sparkling rose choice the somm confidently agreed with. Manfriend was worried he wouldn't be full, but was happily surprised. We started with the carpaccio and sea bass, finished with perfection that escapes my brain. The finishing touches like the petit fours that come with the check, and the muffin to send us on our way was the little things that I remember fondly. Sigh. While the cost prevents me from splurging regularly on dinners like this, it is nights full of memories like these that make food and wine a celebration of life. A highlight of my weekend in New York, and a reminder of how truly wonderful fine dining can get.
While it can be quite difficult for me to justify stepping into a $$$$ establishment on Yelp there are a few occasions in ones life that its appropriate. I'll spare those details so on with the Meal. They offer several pri-fixe menu options, the summer tasting menu looked delicious but my date and I elected for the classic menu, I order the halibut and my date went for the pork shoulder.  The pork shoulder was incredible and the halibut literally melts in your mouth.   Our waiter was incredibly helpful- After we told him it was our first time he replied with genuine delight "well then lets have a conversation about the menu" - A conversation about the menu on a packed Saturday, pure class! While I heard him use the same line on every table I can appreciate any master of their craft.  He recommended a superb spanish wine to pair with Halibut AND Porkshoulder (props) and my date and I never once had to refill my our glasses.   To top it off they gave us coffee cake to take home with us for breakfast. I'm sure I'll be back.
We had dinner in The Tavern Room-which is a great way to enjoy the taste of chef Michael Anthony, winner of this year's James Beard Award for best chef, without breaking the bank. My only complaint was that I clearly felt the difference between The Tavern Room and Gramercy Tavern...but then again the price difference is $48 versus $116. I loved that 3 out of the 4 courses were protein based! I highly recommend the Grilled Scallop with Sungold Tomatoes, Lima Beans and Grapes--although the hanger steak with okra is a close second. @eatdrinkla
Reservations were made for the restaurant but upon arrival, we made a last minute decision to dine in the Tavern section of the restaurant. The warm space was inviting and we had heard a rumor about a certain hamburger. We were seated promptly at a table facing the window. Service was attentive and friendly from the get-go. We were informed that the limited time burger was on the menu today. So, $26 burger it was! We dined on the cauliflower soup (divine), beet salad (humdrum), house made sausage with spaetzel  (transcendental), pork chop (best rendiiton to date) and that burger. Oh, that burger. Well worth the price tag, those wagyu beef deaths were not in vain. Dessert was something I can't recall but the server thought one dessert was not enough and brought us out a cookie plate which we devoured like a bunch of little piggies. Which was expected because the table we had was above the vent where the bakery resides and we smelled the sweet aroma of passion fruit caramel the whole time we dined. Worth a return visit and next time, I may even make it to the dining room.
Fine for lunch; a traditional coffee shop that served good food in a nice atmosphere for a fair price.
If you're in search of a top-notch meal in a relaxed but tasteful environment, this is your place.  The service at Gramercy was above and beyond and the gentleman who took care of us was right on with every suggestion.  The ambiance is sort of rustic-elegant; the type of restaurant where you can have an equally great casual dinner with friends or an intimate, romantic night out.  And most importantly - the food was superb.  Given the exceptional quality of everything we ate, the fixed price menu of $88 seemed totally reasonable and worth every penny.   We started with the celery root soup and the open ravioli - both were excellent.  My boyfriend then ordered the duck, but was intrigued by an amazing burger he had seen someone else eating when we walked to our table... So he ordered both to sample, and nearly ate all of both - they were just THAT good!  I asked for our server's suggestion for my entree and he raved about the sea bass (which I don't normally like), but I went for it and I am sooo glad I did!  It may have been the best fish dish I've ever eaten in my life.  The sauce was indescribable but amazing, and all the ingredients together made each bite a little bundle of culinary bliss.  I literally cleaned the plate, thanks to the delicious bread they offer, which I used to soak up every remaining drop of miraculous Sherry sauce. As a sweet finish, we opted for the Peanut Butter Semifreddo and it was awesome.  If you're a peanut butter fan, do NOT miss this dessert!  I'm also a lover of all things pumpkin, but I wasn't as impressed with the tart - there was a little too much crust and I'm a traditionalist with pumpkin so I didn't love the lime sorbet.  Still, the meal overall was so wonderful I can guarantee we'll be regulars on every future trip to New York.
Really great service. Very happy with the quality of the food and the lunchtime ambiance on a weekday was good.
I showed up on a December Thursday in the early evening with high hopes for some great food, and, knowing the popularity of Gramercy Tavern, high hopes that I could get a seat at the bar for some drinks and some dinner, at least at some point before the sun came back up. The friendly and accommodating bartender handed me a Stone IPA and took my name, saying he'd let me know when a bar seat was ready.  10 minutes later I was following that IPA up with a Cabernet, and in a bar spot with plenty of elbow room, as well as plenty of friendly counter-dining types. I was initially disappointed that there wasn't a steak for offer in the limited bar menu, but the magnificent pork chop sufficed very, very well.  In between bites, talking with the bar neighbors about NYC around Xmas, etc., I glanced behind the bar... and what was THIS? Am I seeing part of a label of one of my favorite wines of all time winking at me from within the wine-by-the-glass zone? Holy hellfire shit... it's that Turley Zin. All is well.
I loved this restaurant. We were originally going to go to a different restaurant but my friend received a message saying a reservation had opened up and we decided to go here instead. The waiter asked what we would like to drink and after me only asking for water(because we were walking around all day and I needed to rehydrate), he brought my water out along with a complimentary sparkling rose water drink which immediately won my heart. After looking at the menu, we chose to do the seasonal tasting menu and we were also told that if there were any dietary concerns, that they would make something else for us, for example, if you cannot eat seafood, instead of the warm lobster salad, they would make something else. If you want this, everyone at the table needs to be on board for it. We had a tasting menu at the Pump Room before so we were familiar with the procedure. Everyone at the table loved the squid ink pasta and the duck. Unfortunately, at the end we were full so we couldn't fully enjoy the dessert but it was good as well. There is no dress code however almost everyone was well dressed. There were a few people who had jeans and a button down shirt but it wasn't a big deal. The meal took about 2 hours and we were the 2nd to last table but we never felt rushed. I would dine here again and probably try the tasting menu again as well.
Never before have I had to wait on a line a few minutes before a restaurant opens for lunch, but after my experience at this "tavern" of sorts I could understand camping out for a considerably longer period of time. We were kindly seated immediately while the restaurant was quickly filling up, and were presented with a hockey puck of butter, a smattering of salt, and a big piece of thick bread. Cocktails would soon follow. I decided to have the Peach Basil Fizz, a delightful concoction of Wild Turkey Bourbon (eh?), peach nectar, soda and a huge, fat piece of basil. It was none too sweet and very light and refreshing-a perfect aperitif that ended up lasting me the entire meal. My friend's cocktail, with elderflower liqueur and orange blossom, didn't last nearly as long, but was still clean, sparkly and aromatic. For appetizers, we went with the chilled zucchini soup and the cauliflower. The soup, dark green and topped with little rounds of yellow squash, was smooth and creamy but without the slightest hint of cream. It was cold and...unfortunately I can't think of a synonym for "refreshing." The cauliflower, presented on a plate like gargantuan white brains, were covered in almonds and looked and smelled particularly delicious. For entrees, I had the pulled pork sandwich while my friend had the surprisingly light and yellow seafood chowder, which she loved. My sandwich was tremendous, allowing me to only consume half of it before getting ready to explode. A pile of pork is nestled between two crusty, chewy buns, staring down its eater while taunting it with its juicy fattiness. Luckily, a plate of pickled swiss chard, carrots, red onions and searingly hot jalapeno peppers cut into it like ice; the accompanying coleslaw was unlike any you'd find in a deli: crisp and light, it too balanced the heap of pig between bread. Naturally, dessert had to be consumed. My friend had the lemon cheesecake, which came on a plate in a small, cylindrical form topped with a gelee suspending blueberries. Whole, surprisingly big blueberries, and a sprinkle of pinenuts, came alongside, with a scoop of blueberry sorbet to cool things down even further. Though delicious, her only complaint was the lack of more pinenut flavor. Because I am me, I HAD to get the chocolate bacon tart because it sounded too good to be true. It was good, yes, but not as spectacularly weird as I had hoped. About the size of a teeny cupcake, it had a nice crust and a smooth, rich chocolate filling topped with a tangy creme fraiche and bacon bits which, unfortunately, added absolutely no flavor to the ensemble. The swirl of chocolate caramel on the side however, now that was nice. Overall, pleasant service, slightly disappointing dessert, but an otherwise fantastic meal will require multiple visitation rights.
Came to GT 3 years ago and had the tasting menu in the dining room. After that, I've been trying to find a reason to go back because it was one of the best dinners ever. I admit one of the other reasons why I haven't gone back is because I'm too lazy to try to get a reservation haha but I assure you, it's definitely worth it! Luckily we found a reason to go back this time as a friend gave me (and my bf) a gift certificate (i know, i have awesome friends). This time, we really wanted to check out the tavern area. We waited about 40 minutes which wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I had the dinner prix fixe menu which included an apple salad, sea scallops, duck meatloaf and a pumpkin cheesecake. Everything was amazing except the duck meatloaf was more salty than I expected. But the pumpkin cheesecake was one of the best I've ever had. We shared everything and also ordered the butternut squash lasagna and the pork chops. Wow I'm still thinking about the butternut squash lasagna and it's been a while since I had pork chops that juicy and tender! GT is still prob my fave restaurant in NYC! Def would recommend it!
There is no way you can beat Gramercy Tavern's bang for the buck. Haute cuisine at ridiculously low prices? Abso-you better your knickers-lutely. Superb service, exceptional wine list... And it's walk-ins only! Which means no booking 3 months in advance (and selling your car to afford dinner). No honestly, we each had a cocktail, split 1 bottle of wine ($90), and had appetizer, entree, dessert, and limoncello. All for $120 a person. Try Tocqueville: easily over $200. And the food is delightful, complex, but made with exceptionally fresh seasonal ingredients. Win.
By far one of the nicest restaurants in New York.  The bar and front dining area is unique and comfortable.   Floral arrangements are tastefully done.  The food is very good but expensive.  Great place if you are making it a special weekend in the city!    Great wine list.   Servers are very knowledgable about the food and pairings.  I give this a 4 1/2!!!
I went here for my birthday and had the tasting menu. Every dish was spectacular. I was surprised that there was such a heavy fish focus but it was not a disappointment by any stretch of the imagination. The service was attentive without being distracting and the recommend wine was a perfect compliment.  The price was very reasonable for the quality of the food and overall experience.  $400 for two. A very special experience!
Ok, first off - who the F*&%! did we think we were rolling in to have dinner at 10:00pm Monday night?  For a moment, I guess we thought we were authentic New Yorkers.....alright.  YOU MUST EAT HERE.  This restaurant is a national treasure.  I had a delicious "Grey Gardens" cocktail (or three).  My table ordered the seasonal tasting menu.  This was one of the most phenomenal meals of my life.  Since we didn't know when to say when, we ordered something crazy like five desserts.  There were only three of us at the table.  And just for asking about how ice wine is made, our server brought us all a surprise taste.  When the check came, we were each given a delightful little package containing a fresh coffee cake muffin for the next day's breakfast.  My gluten free world shot to $hit.....well worth every bite.
We were able to order the amazing lobster salad off the tasting menu while still sticking to the more manageable two course meal. I went with the black bass for my main, boneless, simple, tasty. The chocolate cake with hazelnuts provided a decadent finish. Definitely have some work to do in the gym when I get back to SF. Service was well coordinated and unobtrusive. Great meal!
Going to Gramercy Tavern should be a treat reserved only for extra special occasions. The restaurant is the real New York institution with true commitment to classic American cuisine and style. The service is outstanding with a feeling of dedication to providing the guests with an experience second to none. It is hard for me to choose any dish as a particular favorite. Everything on the menu is perfectly prepared from the local seasonal ingredients and served as a piece of art.
Gramercy Tavern was already a New York institution under founding chef Tom Colicchio. But Colicchio's replacement, Michael Anthony, took the restaurant's vision of classical American cookery and commitment to local seasonal ingredients to another level. The service is still the very definition of unforced, relaxed hospitality and the cooking understated, masterful and imaginative in every way. But it's the way that everyone in the restaurant seems to share a sense of mission--of consecrating themselves to creating a perfect three-star restaurant--that sets Gramercy Tavern apart. That and the outrageously effective, utterly primitive wood stove that is the place's culinary secret weapon.
FOOD: The food was great! We each ordered the Tasting Menu and everything was delicious! My favorites were the warm lobster salad and the roasted duck breast. For dessert, out waiter gave us the option of the chocolate pecan coconut cake that came with the Tasting Menu or something else off the dessert menu. I ended up getting a cheese plate with three different cheeses and my boyfriend for the chocolate cake. We were also offered a selection of chocolates and petit fours afterward. Everything was delicious! It was the perfect amount of food. We were full but did not feel bloated. After we paid, we were offered packaged oatmeal coffee cakes for breakfast the next morning! That was the icing on the cake! WINE: They don't have a wine pairing with the tasting menu, but the waiter offered to choose some pairings for us himself. He did, however, suggest ordering a bottle of wine if there was one we preferred. With over 600 bottles of wine how could you ever choose? We asked the waiter for a pinot noir that would go well with our Tasting Menu. He suggested one from the Finger Lakes region since Gramercy Tavern is known for its domestic wine selection. It was delicious! SERVICE: The service was great! We were promptly seated. Our waiter was attentive but not overbearing. Overall a great dining experience!
Gramercy Tavern is rated Michelin 1-Star. Its executive chef is Michael Anthony. To celebrate our anniversary, my lovely girlfriend was very much looking forward to dining here. Reservations are hard to come by here, and even the day of our dinner, we received a call from Gramercy Tavern to confirm that in fact, we were dining later that evening. As you walk through the bar, and then into the dining room, you're immediately thrust into a very warm environment full of various woods and divine smells. The 6-course seasonal menu is $120 The 3-course tasting menu is $92 She selected the 6-course seasonal menu, while I selected the 3-course tasting menu. The portions for each dish on the 3-course tasting menu are larger and more substantial than those of the 6-course seasonal menu. Here's what we ordered: 3-course tasting menu: Smoked Trout, Cipollini Purée and Pickled Onion Roasted Lamb, Sunchokes, Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Spring Greens Strawberry, Green Tea Custard, Honey Crunch and Caramelized Brioche 6-course tasting menu: Arctic Char: New Potatoes, Spinach and Capers Lobster Salad: Asparagus, Spring Onion and Pickled Ramps Sea Scallops: Bok Choy, Green Garlic and Mushroom Broth Squid Ink Spaghetti: Grilled Calamari, Sesame and Sweet Peas Roasted Duck Breast & Thigh: Turnips, Almonds and Wheat Berries Apricot: Panna Cotta, Tapioca Pudding, Coconut and Thyme The service here is impeccable. Our waitress was knowledgeable, easy to accommodate to our needs, and on top of making sure our dining experience was befitting of this restaurant's 1 Michelin Star. To celebrate out anniversary, the staff gave us two glasses of complimentary Prosecco as well as a divine coconut and hazelnut cake for dessert. Unfortunately, we both thought the FREE coconut and hazelnut cake was the best dessert of the three. My only gripe was that given the high cost of the tasting menus, we were both disappointed that the food didn't blow our minds. While the dining experience remains excellent, and the food is very good, I do believe that this restaurant is a bit over-hyped.
Ambiance was great....food was delicious. Wait staff was wonderful!
Went for Valentine's Day dinner last night - fantastic. We are veteran NYCers that have been to nearly every great restaurant spot in the city, but this was for whatever reason we'd never checked off the list. After making a reservation a month in advance (amazing it can still pull off that kind of demand 16 years in...) We arrived and were prompt seated - the menu was nice and varied. There was a standard 3 course prix fixed for a pretty reasonable $86 given the caliber of the food. There was also a Winter Tasting and a Vegetable Tasting (impressive range) in case you wanted to stray a bit. I had the crab in egg crepe (deliciously savory) and the rack of lamb (this is lamb as it should be done...) and my girlfriend had the lamb paperdelle (one of my favorite dishes anywhere - these guys nailed it) and the sea bass (wonderfully prepared). All in all, everything was just right for the crisp, cold evening outside - very savory, warm and deeply satisfying. The service was exactly as it should be at a restaurant of this reputation and price range - very helpful, but unobtrusive. Desert was ridiculous - I had peanut butter semifreddo (whatever the hell that is - hats off to them) and my girlfriend had warm bread pudding (mmmmm) all over a few glasses of well-recommended port. Then they sent us on our way with some packaged pastries - bravo to them for making this a great Valentine's Day.
Solid food, amazing service at a very civilized price. My fave place to hang out  for brunch!  Super cool venue, no hype.
I had high expectations, they were not let down, but gramercy tavern did not prove to be better then I thought. mostly what I expected, but with amazing seasonal floral decorations. the $48 tavern 5 course meal was very good for the price. I would recommend this for everyone as the portions are quite small for the price otherwise. 5 star service.
Another favorite for after work drinks. Great service, but it gets busy quickly! If you want a seat at the bar, go before 6.
This review is for the Tavern not the main dining room. Came here with a friend for a dinner out. We came on a Thursday night. Came in and put our names in as we knew they didn't take reservations for this room (reservations are only for the formal dining room). We went shopping for a hour or so and returned and only waiting about 15 minutes until they sat us (not bad). Everyone was very accommodating and pleasant. We were seated at a table close to the bar (which is the only reason they get 4, not 5 stars). There was a group of women who thought they were at the pub and were a few to many drinks in and kept bumping into our table as we tried to enjoy our meal. The food was outstanding and so was the service! They were so friendly and we never felt rushed. He was very helpful but I never felt like he was "too much". All-in-all it was a great dinner, I would go back but Ill be sure to go on a Monday-Wed...not Thursday or weekend evenings.
We had a Christmas Party here--very loud atmosphere--chic area-- typical 3 course meal-- nothing spectacular to note in the review, other than " ...meh =P"
Right off the bat I have a major negative and major positive. Positive: Exceptional service! Negative: Ridiculously small portions! So Big Daddy Pops took us kids (bro and sis) into the city for a lovely pre-Holiday dinner. We parked right in front! We were greeted by SUCH a friendly, handsome host who wasn't a snob in the slightest. Normally when going to fancy places, especially in NY, I expect noses in the air. Not at all; the staff was great. We started with a bottle of Malbec which was yum; we ended up getting two. It was graciously served to us. The bread was alright. I'm not a huge sourdough fan. We ordered the Fish Croquettes and 1/2 Dozen Oysters. All great! They even gave us 4 complimentary baked Oysters. The main meal, I had Monkfish with Cauliflower in a Curry Sauce. It tasted fine, but the portion was SO tiny. I tasted the Ricotta Cavatelli with Lamb and loved it. My sis wasn't impressed though. Dessert was Half Moon Ice Cream Sandwich, I didn't care for this at all and the Cookie Platter was just OK. Although they gave us this delicious complimentary Chocolate Mousse with Caramel Popcorn dessert. I liked that the most. Atmosphere here is just gorgeous! Since it's the Holiday season, they really hooked up the place with Holiday decor. Large decked out trees, ceiling garland, lights, etc. The bathroom is very clean and nice. Overall this place, food wise, is OK but the portions are just too small for the price. I wasn't satisfied. The service is outstanding though. I probably wouldn't come back here too willingly because I don't like leaving hungry...
I quit my job the past Friday and I chose Gramercy Tavern to have a celebratory meal. I was able to get a table for one, for lunch on a Friday - probably the only way to get a reservation without waiting at Gramercy Tavern. For appetizer, i had the squid ink pasta - thin and squiggly almost like chao mien, with a soupy seafood base. It was solid. The waiter told me that the order of main dishes goes from the lightest to the heaviest, so I picked what was on the top of the list, red snapper. The snapper was absolutely mind-blowing. I have never had a snapper so juicy and flavorful so I almost thought that it was another fish. Michelin star well deserved!
Boyfriend and I both had the tasting menu with wine pairings. WOW, what an experience. This place was on my "go to" list for some time and after a arduous reservation experience, we finally got a good reservation time. The space is beautiful. We both started out with a cocktail at the bar before heading to our table in the dining room. They've nailed the modern/country/homey feeling without being at all kitschy. Our waiter, Alvaro, was absolutely top-notch, slowing down our courses as he noticed we were really enjoying our wine pairings. He took a lot of time talking to us about each wine pairing. He was phenomenal -- exceptionally knowledgeable, warm and thoughtful. Highlights of my meal were the squab, soft shell crab and the cheese plate for dessert (i'm a savory dessert person...) What a meal...
Amazing!
The first and most important thing you need to know about dining in at the Gramercy Tavern is that there are 2 different sections- the Dining Room and the Tavern. The Tavern is a bit more laid back and have a la carte options, whereas the Dining Room only serves prix fixe. The Dining Room is usually only open for dinner but I've seen people have a la carte in the Dining Room section during lunch, but something tells me that they're the top 1% of Manhattan who either personally know Chef Michael or have the money to pretend to know Chef Michael. I have not yet had the opportunity to eat at the 'Tavern' portion of the restaurant, but it's always packed, even during lunch hours, with people dressed to the nines, just as you would see at ABC Kitchen (which is just a block or two away!) The Tavern is a small area of the restaurant, right behind the hostess. And it's bit more lively than the back 'Dining Room' section, because 1. the bar is in the Tavern and 2. the tables are closer together than they are in the Dining Room so you'll have to speak up amongst many other audible conversations. Depending on what type of dinner you are in the mood for, you can either wait for a table at the Tavern section or call in as soon as 30 days prior to your desired reservation date and set aside a table at the Dining Room. I wanted to spend my boyfriend's 31st birthday in an uber romantic way, so I called exactly 30 days in advance at 11AM to make the dinner reservation. It's a challenge to make dinner reservations at the Gramercy Tavern, so please call 30 days in advance promptly at 11AM, or you better know someone who can pull strings for you! If a 7-course dinner tasting menu is a bit much for you, you can opt for a 3-course meal. I wanted to go all out, so my boyfriend and I ordered a bottle of wine, and waited for one seasonal dinner tasting menu and one vegetarian dinner tasting menu. Each course was a delight and I've taken photos of each course to upload onto Yelp for all your kind folks. After our meal, the restaurant also surprised my boyfriend, whose 31st birthday we were celebrating, with a 2-3 inch coconut cake! It was a great finale to a great dinner. The service was phenomenal and surprisingly, I didn't feel like a little fishy swimming in a big sea with big sharks, like I thought I would, while dining at the Gramercy Tavern. The wait staff did an incredible job, especially the one man designated to walk around the room with a basket of carbs, asking each table if we'd like another piece of bread. As much as I loved the 7-courses, I think I'll opt to have an a la carte meal at the Tavern portion of the restaurant next time. When I do, I will definitely write a review update to share with you my experience.
Danny Meyer is known for having a great staff and the service here is always excellent.  i personally prefer dining in the tavern portion of the restaurant.  aside from being significantly cheaper, the tavern is lively and warm, and i can watch the other smiling diners enjoying their food.  i would maybe give this place 4 stars due to the fact that i don't think it's as great as it once was and can be a little inconsistent, but i've been coming here for over 10 years, and i still love it.  also, the pork chop on the tavern menu is $24, and would probably cost the same at any other Manhattan eatery, except you're at Gramercy Tavern!!
One of my other places to go to after work meetings. Great appetizers and drinks! Staff is friendly and attentive. If you sit towards the back it's less noisy. Bar always seems to be full.
For my money (and a lot of it at Gramercy Tavern), this restaurant is about as good as it gets. The French Country ambience is lovely; the staff is professional, unassuming and warm; and the food is off the charts. Unlike many French restaurants, Gramercy Tavern doesn't overdo any of its accoutrements and really allows the high quality and well-prepared food to stand on its own. You should definitely come to the restaurant for "an experience": expect to spend several hours if you are in the dining room and relax as you take in the roughly 10 rounds of dishes (including amuse bouche, etc.). My favourite experiences here have been with medium sized groups where everyone is a pretty adventurous eater.
My two NYC favorites are Eataly and Gramercy tavern. Loved the Tavern when Tom Collicio was Chef and still love it. The atmosphere alone is wonderful and usually the service very good. (although every now and then you find someone a bit shall we say "full of themselves."   Seasonal menus are the best way to go and worth waiting an hour or two for a tavern table.
Very good, but have to say I was underwhelmed after all the many years of hype.  We sat in the bar area (dining room experience seems to be different).  Food was fine. Oysters on half shell, check. Fluke dish with trout roe, interesting and tasty.  Duck flat bread, fine.  Swedish beer, excellent! $13 price tag for 12 ounces, ouch!  All in all very good, but not outstanding in a city or remarkable food. (Last night I ate at Lupa--a cut above and for lunch I at at Sakagura. Wow.)  If the final tab had been about 60% of what it was, I'd give this place 4 starts.
Despite the three stars, I really like Gramercy Tavern, I really do.  I've been here three times within the last 6 months, and every time I walk out feeling really good about the meal.  I've tried the tasting menu and ordering a la carte, and both have left me feeling impressed with regards to the breadth of food.  The wine is good, and the people are friendly, and I always get treated with respect here. Sigh Gramercy Tavern is like the girl (or guy) you were really close friends with in HS, and you sort of had the sense that she (or he) had a crush on you, and that you could date them and be pretty happy, but never did.  The reason you don't date them is because while their positive qualities are through the roof, there isn't that extra spark, the extra chemistry that makes it exciting and scary at times.   And thus while everything at Gramercy Tavern is fantastic, I always think of it as my faithful standby.  Are my future in-laws coming to town, but I can't get a table at Jean Georges?  Gramercy Tavern to the rescue.  It saddens me a bit to say this because it's a great place that faithfully delivers time after time, but I can't help feeling the way I do. In closing, Gramercy Tavern, i think we should just be friends.  Please continue to be there for me, but know that I think you're pretty awesome but that's it.  Let's now stand looking at each other awkwardly for a minute, and instead of kissing you, i touch your arm awkwardly and walk away
When in NY for my Birthday, I chose this place for dinner! And it was a special Birthday and a special Dinner!!!!! Go for the 3 courses menu (actually, at night you have to go for menues, there is also the tasting one, but there are good choices and the price, even if not cheap, is acceptable - 82$ - , given the beauty of the place and the fantastic cuisine). I loved foie gras and pork. This time dessert was a birthday cake (lovely), but it's generally hard to choose, as there are so many beauties Wine list is also at maximum levels.
Had dinner here this past Saturday night to celebrate 1 year anniversary with my boyfriend. I made reservations here 30 days in advance, and surprisingly was very easy (compared to Eleven Madison Park). We were promptly seated and the waiter took a lot of care and notice for our anniversary, and felt very cared for. We selected one seasonal tasting menu and one vegetarian seasoning tasting menu, so that we can try all the dishes. As a meat eater girl, it was hard for me to not start eating from my boyfriend's plate.. the vegetable menu was good, but after tasting the seasonal menu.. I couldn't help to love it more. The seasonal menu is definitely something that appealed to my palette. It was fresh, tender, and creamy concoctions. He had the Arctic Char, Lobster Salad, Squid Ink, Duck Breast, and Scallops. The meat in every dish, especially the lobster, were extremely tender, cooked to perfection. I had the Cucumbers, Eggplant, Fried Green Tomato, Carrots, and the Gnocchi (very fresh)! The vegetable dishes were a lot more delicate and the combinations were very good. The waitress allowed us to select two different types of desserts from the regular dessert menu, because we would both receive the same for our tastings. That's so accommodating! We also received a free anniversary coconut cake, which was light and decadent. During the meal, the waitress had forgotten a cocktail we ordered in the beginning of the meal, and had comped the drink for us. After the courses were over, we got petit four chocolate desserts and Gramercy Tavern apple muffins to take home. All in all, great experience, lovely dinner, made it very intimate and special for us. The only thing I noticed was that, aside from our main waitress.. the other waitstaff, they're all so very stoic. No one smiled when they came over to bring the dishes or take our dishes away, it was sort of a poker-face robotic manner. So serious! Anyway, our waitress was more than sunshine and the experience overall exceeded my expectations. Would definitely return and try other seasonal menus. The price point of $100-$120 person is also extremely attractive for the quality of food and service you receive.
One of the best dining experiences I have ever had. The restaurant was not too noisy; seats were not too close together and you could hear the person next to you without having to yell. service was fabulous. everything was timed nicely so you had enough time between courses. our waiter was nice and not overbearing. they ask you if you want seconds on bread. they give you free little treats before each course. deeeelicious. we ordered a bottle of wine which ended up being corked and our waiter graciously took it back and gave us a new one. every course was delicious. our waiter was very knowledgeable and gave us an honest opinion on everything we asked about. i ended up wanting to take a dessert home for a friend and he gave it to us complimentary. how nice! they also gave us little coffee cakes to take home which were just wonderful. no one is snooty, the atmosphere is great, and the food is wonderful. i would definitely recommend eating here!
I had one of my best NYC restaurant experiences in the dining room at Gramercy Tavern in April 2011.  For years I had somehow written GT off as too popular and therefore uninteresting.  I was deluding myself. We ordered the main (non-vegetable) tasting menu, and although I don't recall every dish, I do remember that everything was delicious.  The standout was a "Smoked Trout with Cipollini Puree and Pickled Onions."  I didn't want it to end.  Both desserts--the first more of an intermezzo featuring sorbet and fresh grapefruit, the second some sort of chocolate/banana cake--were very satisfying but not overly rich. The beverage and wine program here is robust, verging on the overwhelming.  But our server handily steered us to a Northern Rhone syrah that totally knocked our socks off.  So memorable. The service was exemplary in every way. Everything about this meal came together in a way that all great meals should.  Well done, Gramercy Tavern.
Ate in the bar on a recent stint to the city.  Nice to eat so well without reservations, in a bar, wearing shorts. Sometimes it is fun to do the sit-up-and-beg tasting menu thing, but actually I think I am done with that after eating here. A recommendation from long time New Yorkers. Almost felt like I could be living in the hood, my wife and I secretly watching the well-heeled families  in the bar mowing through $200 meals with kids in tow. Isn't it terrific to eat amazing food in a casual atmosphere? After all, its all about my enjoyment as the customer right?
This meal was absolutely wonderful. Ambience was beautiful-not too crowded or stuffy. Staff was attentive and helpful. Each course got better and better. The price may seem like a lot at first but with all the "extras" they give you, it is well worth it. As soon as we mentioned we met the pastry chef previously, the kitchen brought out 2 complimentary (delicious) desserts to what we had already ordered! Excellent meal and experience overall.
Just received a signed thank you letter from Chef Michael Anthony. I'm impressed that it was personalized - the first paragraph referenced the feedback I left on the comment card. It's that extra step that always leaves a lasting impression. Love this place - wish I could give it 6 stars!
Amazing! Made reservations in the private dining area since  we weren't sure how busy the bar section would be. Had the kale salad, chicken soup, bass w/peanut curry sauce, and the chocolate banana dessert. So delicious! Excellent service! The house breads were yummy and they gave us 3 pieces! I cannot eat dairy so they made our meal with no dairy and it was so good!! Must go place in NY!
This is our second visit to Gramercy.  First was at the bar on a sunday afternoon.  Ambience was just terrific, because the bar is nicely connected to the table area in the bar (there's also a couple small tables and couches).  And then there's the dining room.  We ordered drinks and two appetizers, the octopus (perfectly charred) and sweetbreads (juicy and rich).  Pear Tart for dessert (they offered a second plate with an extra scoop of gelato).  Moderately priced for a fine leisurely winter afternoon. Last week we were there on a wintry afternoon, for lunch.  We ordered the soup and sandwich, not on the menu as such, but what a deal.  The sandwich was their ham and egg, and the soup was the cream of parsnip.  I often order soup, and make a bunch, and this is among the top four I've ever had (Legal Sea Food's chowder is great, and there's a delicious french onion at cafe claude in SF), very smooth and creamy, but not overly starched or rich with cream, just real essence of parsnip. The sandwich was something else: great bread, house cured ham (not salty, just sweet enough), cheese, and a beautiful sunny side up egg right on top.  It was open faced, so essentially you get two  smaller open faced sandwiches.    We also had the kielbasa, house made, with a really unusual sweet mustard sauce on top, and potatoes on the side.  Each slice eaten with a bit of the bread was perfect.   We finished off lunch with an apple pie ala mode (again extra plate with a scoop of ice cream), made with in season apples (waitress named off the apples, but I forget now).  Since we held off on any coffee, the whole lunch was about forty dollars for two... excellent value. Eating like this is an inexpensive way to experience a really stylish, cozy, and professionally run restaurant.   Even though we didn't spend alot, we  weren't rushed at all by the staff, even thought he tavern was full, which was super professional.  Oh, and eating in the couch area, was an unusual and appealing experience as well.
Gramercy Tavern is a contemporary American cuisine restaurant with highly recommend offers special seasonal and tasting menu in Flatiron District. The location was Gramercy Farm that produced butter and cheese originally.
Absolutely fantastic dining experience.  We were on the waitlist for a seat, and made ourselves at home near the bar to wait and see where we'd end up eating, at a table or at the bar.  The bartender was a gem.  I enjoyed my Cranberry Daiquiri and the boyfriend enjoyed a figgy cocktail.  We got in some good people watching before the gracious host and hostess informed us that a table had indeed opened up in the Tavern for us.  Thus began a fantastic dinner.   The boyfriend found an aged beer for $20 that he was a big fan of, and I'm a cider-lover, so I chose what turned out to be a delicious pear cider to go with dinner.   Never before have I had a server who cheered me on by saying "do it" and "yeah!" while ordering-- we felt like we had chosen the best items on the menu judging from her enthusiasm for our selections!  We started with a half dozen oysters and one of the specials for the night, cheddar and bacon biscuits.  Next came round two of apps, the Merguez Sausage which was so tender and lamb-luscious and the best duck liver mousse I have ever had.  We joked that if we just ate that mousse all night, we'd be happy campers.  We also ordered some Sweetbreads that the bf savored. We felt that we had to order an entree to round things out, so we went with the Red Snapper.  The accompanying veggies and sauce were delicious.  And obviously, room had to be made for dessert!  We figured that ice cream would melt around the food in our full bellies, so we got the trio of sorbets-- Concord Grape was our favorite, Pear and Quince.   Highly recommend this place for the service, ambiance (I loved the holiday decorations!!  Christmas balls!!) and the food.
Executive chef Michael Anthony has helped revive this New York classic. It's as close to farm-to-table dining as you can get with a mid-sized restaurant. Warning, eating on the Tavern side you will find yourself feeling like you're on a "meatastic" adventure. How can you not order: the famed meatball (fontina cheese center over potato puree), house-made and smoked kielbasa and pastrami, and the chicken liver patee? Before you know it there's not a single-vegetarian plate on your table, and as a "delicate" young woman I suddenly feel like a hearty, burly man! Kudos to sous chef Chris Bradley for the kielbasa and pastrami - hoping he'll start serving those from a street cart in Soho one day soon.
This is a review for the front of house only (at lunch).  We did not eat in the dining room. This was the best meal I have had in a while.  The restaurant is really nice, yet understated.  The wait staff is fantastic, and the food is excellent.  In fact, I was a bit surprised by the prices after hearing all of the rave reviews.  I expected to drop some serious cash, however each of our meals came out to roughly $25-$30 a person... WORTH EVERY PENNY.
Gramercy Tavern was the first place that I stopped on my week long vacation in NYC.  The lunch in the dining room was delicious, though the Tavern also looked like it served great food as well so I'll have to go back and try it.  In terms of the food in the dining room, the ramp and mushroom broth was rich and savory, the tartare had great flavor, the squid ink was delicious, the halibut was rich and tender, the flounder was prepared wonderfully, the roast pork loin was flavorful, and the chicken and sausage was probably the best overall dish.  Their desserts were great with cookies and the cheese tasting was also fitting toward the end of a wonderful meal.
So apparently the restaurant is split into 2 separate area's, a formal dining room and the tavern at gramercy. The tavern serves more rustic dishes a la carte and the dining room serves more sophisticated, thought out dishes that show's off the chefs muscle definition.  The dining room only serves prefixed menu or the tasting menu, no a la carte here.  I of course had to try the dining room the very first time at this restaurant, I am a sophisticated, muscle watching woman after all... :) Re: The food --IS it weird that I say everything I ate here literally melted in my mouth? I had the spring tasting menu and each dish was carefully prepared. The meal stared off with complimentary spring vegetables that was on a toothpick, small, refreshing, crunchy. Then followed a sweet raw scallop that was juicy and delicious. (It was actually one scallop sliced into 4 thin pieces). then lobster soup... YUM!!! The 2 fishes that followed melted in my mouth! yummy goodness! The finale was pink, mouth watering beef cut. What a great meal! The wine list was plentiful and the service was good only (we had to pour our own wine 2 times.. bad! I am paying top dollar darn it, I'm allowed to behave in this manor!) I can't wait to try the tavern! Oh and yes, this place is expensive, esp if you like wine with your meal (and in my case, a lot of wine with my meal).
I had been to the bar many times, but recently had dinner in the dining room for the first time. I have no idea what took me so long. (probably the $200 per person bill!) The service was extremely attentive, perfectly orchestrated and not at all obtrusive. The food was incredible, amazing, perfect, delicious. I was craving meat that night and I couldn't have gone to a better place. I had the venison and had no idea venison could be so sublime! It literally melted in my mouth. My husband gave up meat years ago and couldn't resist taking a bite and then another, and a few more. The only thing I didn't like about the place was the stuffy clientele. Though I really only noticed them on my way to and from the table. While seated, I was too mesmerized by the food and service to pay attention to the other diners. Expensive and worth every penny!
When an out-of-towner wants to go to a relatively pricey dinner in Manhattan, I always feel extra pressure that everyone is happy. Expectations run as high as the prices, and restaurants can fall flat. Gramercy Tavern does not fall flat. My parents came into town and wanted to treat me for my birthday. We originally had reservations to eat in the Dining Room with the pre-set tasting menu, but instead decided to chance it with a walk-in in the Tavern which uses a regular a la carte menu. This was a good choice for us. The Tavern is just gorgeous, always filled with beautiful art and flowers and totally comfortable. We came early, around 6 on a Saturday night, put our name in, and went around the corner to Barbounia for cocktails. We called over to Gramery Tavern about a half hour later to check in and one of their always great hosts told us to come right back as our table would be ready soon. The meal itself: Food and drink were excellent across the board. I loved the smokey Mezcal/tequila cocktail. Had the meatball for my main course - awesome, so flavorful. Finished things off with the trio of ice creams (the toasted almond, and coconut milk chocolate... oh yeah) and the trio of sorbets. Danny Meyer restaurants always have the best ice creams! The spill: Even when the waiter knocked a glass of water on the table all over my mother, it was handled with competence and humor. He was apologetic, and she didn't make a big deal about it and no one was embarrassed. About as well as that kind of thing can go. Gramercy Tavern is a New York restaurant where you can expect a flawless experience, with no surprises, that feels worth the price tag. My dad left saying it was "one of the best meals he had ever had" though that could have been the wine talking by then. Very, very good through and through. Already looking forward to my next visit.
An amazing meal.  Flavors and textures I have never experienced before.  I would go back the next time I am in the area and recommend anyone visiting not miss the opportunity.   I enjoyed the lamb (signature dish), amazing cheeses and special coconut cake which is only offered on special occasions.   Also, they offer a top notch list of foreign beers from Europe that can keep you entertained for a while.
Amazing! Duck confit with lentils was superb, but the highlight for me was the fluffy German chocolate cake -you never find it anywhere! Service was excellent.
Move over Tom Colicchio because Michael Anthony is in the house. I want to start out by praising the cocktails.  Every sip of my ginger pineapple cocktail was perfect. The winter tasting menu was magnificent.  The lightly smoked Spanish mackerel was a standout.  I also loved the rack of lamb with parsnip puree.  Most interesting was the chocolate we were served as a desert amuse.  It was so complex that you could taste the cinnamon and clove flavors minutes after biting into it.  Our server told us they had a chocolatier in the basement just for making this desert amuse!!! I definitely recommend Gramercy Tavern.  It is expensive so try for a special occasion.
The food is fresh and seasonal. It's quite delicious. I recommend going the whole 9 yards here! Do not hold back! ;) The staff is friendly and the service is excellent. The atmosphere is a little suity and old, typically not my scene, but the food is worth it [so look nice] :)
Beyond amazing! Get the tasting menu - you will not be disappointed!  We had a great dinner with wonderful service!
Well I went here today with a few colleagues for a beer.  It turns out they have quite a selection of beers on tap.  Most people are here for dinner obviously.  The place is a great place to eat, a real bourgie dining room feel, which is nice now and then.   Anyway, I had a Stone 13th Anniversery Ale which was very tasty.  I'm sort of just getting into beers really, and when I find the right ales, I'm really impressed.  This one was great.
We had dinner here tonight and it was wonderful.  I've never seen better service anywhere.  We had a party of six, and every time a course was brought to the table, each plate had its own server!!  I've seen this before, but this was choreographed. The food was good, too, but I wasn't real wild about it.  Don't get me wrong - it was good, but not spectacular or unusually good. But the whole experience of dining here is worth the expense if it is for a special occasion or an important business lunch. Also, the servers were well-versed in their knowledge of the dishes.  You can tell that each one of them had eaten every item on the menu. I have a feeling that the people here would do anything to make your meal enjoyable. I highly recommend Gramercy Tavern, especially for special occasions.
A little fogeyish, but good, old fashioned New York service, with a touch of snobbery and a lot of polite attentiveness. Solid bar service, great for a large group of people, as everyone there seems to be mostly talking business. Not ideal for an intimate dinner.
I work nearby, so I go to Gramercy Tavern occasionally for the bar lunch and recently had the opportunity to try the tasting menu for my birthday with my wonderful girlfriend.  This review is for... both. Lunch in the bar first: getting lunch at GT is one of the best things about working in flatiron.  You can get a delicious, reasonably priced sit-down lunch and come out feeling content in almost every way.  The atmosphere is casual, the service good, and the soup/sandwich special combo and burger are very good and delicious deals (if you don't get a drink, you can get out for ~$20).  I highly recommend it. Now, dinner in the main dining room: this is the Michelin-starred part of the restaurant, and for good reason.  Sure, every dish we received was delicious and interesting, but what really makes a fine restaurant (for me, anyway) is the service.  Our waiter was always attentive and available, and did his utmost to make sure we were comfortable; water was magically refilled; dishes presented quickly and in a well-timed manner; questions or concerns immediately addressed; free birthday cake (mmm); and a muffin for the following morning.  Basically just nice touches that made you feel comfortable and not have to worry about anything - you were just there to be with your dining partner(s).  That's what makes it. I highly recommend either section for anyone.
Really really good. I came here for a celebratory dinner with my family and before we even put anything in our mouths to eat and drink I was pleasantly surprised by the hospitality by all (hostess, waiter, water server...)  Very good service through out the whole night. Then there is the food which was very good.  It was not the best food I have had in Manhattan for similar prices I prefer Gotham Bar and Grill but it was worth its price and the atmosphere/service would bring me back again. I must say their cocktails ARE the best I have had in Manhattan they are very innovative and delicious.  I got the Rickshaw which is a Basil infused Vodka and Lime drink. AMAZING.  In fact I am going to try and recreate it very soon.  The cocktails were $12.50 which is really not bad considering its a high end restaurant. For my meal I did the chefs tasting menu which is 6 courses all which are very good.  I got to try rabbit for the first time and it was delicious.  The other people I was with ordered from the regular pre-fixe and they were all happy.   The restaurant recommends everyone in the table gets the pre-fixe if one person wants it just so that the flow is better and no one is stuck eating alone but since no one else wanted the regular pre-fixe they ended up with a complimentary third course and the waiter made it so I was never to feel awkward eating a course solo. I recommend you get the tasting menu to really grow an understanding for Michael Anthony the head chef. The deserts were very good even though we were almost too full to accept but don't worry we pulled through.  And last but not least we each got a coffee cake muffin to take home in case we get hungry on the long ride back to Long Island :)
Loved it... gotta say I was pretty impressed. I came here one random Friday to try my luck at the Tavern; turned out there was an hour and a half wait for a table of 2, so I ended up deciding to eat at the bar. We were served by one of the bartenders Tobias, who was pretty much spot on all night. He was attentive, thoughtful, and friendly... and pushed the meal over the top for me. Had the parsnip soup (fine, but nothing crazy), veal deckle special (braised fatty veal steak, awesome), golden raisin bread pudding (great), and the chocolate pudding w/ salted caramel croutons (which we got for free just cause our server thought we could use some more sweets).   Food alone wouldn't have warranted 5 stars; but the comfortable bar, warm luxurious yet relaxed environment, and service that made me feel welcome and at home, left a strong impression for the night.
Wow.  This was the very last restaurant that the family went to on our 3 day trip to New York and we went out in style.  The restaurant was warm with the smell of cinnamon as you enter and that just piqued my senses. Mom in law ordered 3 first courses and they were all wonderful, the butternut squash was rich, creamy and had texture with brussel sprouts and almonds mixed in.  We shared the warm winter salad and enjoyed the most wonderful raw beets, spanish black radishes, pickled joy and other tastiness. Fish was of course cooked perfectly.  And the deserts were classic.  But the best part was the service.  You know how much it sucks to get bad service, but when you're paying a lot for that service, it's even worse.  Everyone at Gramercy is a class-act.
Lunchtime at GT is a veritable celebrity hotspot (Tory Burch sat at the table next to us) with a very casual cool kids in the cafeteria vibe. We were feeling adventurous so I went with the mushroom custard with sea urchin to start and the chicken with apples and kohlrabi with a glass of the reisling. My fiance had the potato and parsnip soup and arctic char with a glass of the Oregon Gewurztraminer. Mine was refreshing and unlike anything I'd had before - precisely what I was going for, and the chicken was the moistest fowl I've ever had the pleasure of consuming. Then I had the kohlrabi and I realized I could have that for days given its astonishing depth of flavor. My fiance also was enchanted with the cold/hot preparation of char and with his Russian soul, felt at home with the starter soup. The trio of sorbet was a miss - concord grape, pear, and peach - paired with complimentary chocolates and macarons. Too bad it ended on a misguided note, but the majority of the meal was just stellar. Service could have been warmer too but it was not a dealbreaker.
Is the bar one of the best in the Gramercy area? Yes. Is the food just off the charts? No. What I do love about this place is the large windows, rustic furniture, cherry blossoms towering the bar, beautiful lush foliage and the bar area where you can have a nice little cocktail and some spicy nuts! The nuts are warm and they are sprinkled with ginger, Nutmeg, cinnamon and spices. My friend and I split the meatball dish (mash potato side) and the chicken with peas- both entrees were fair. I love the beet salad.
Gramercy Tavern is the quintessential NYC dining experience, in this girl's humble (and somewhat experienced) opinion. This is my third experience with Gramercy. I had the pleasure of dining at Gramercy when Tom Colicchio was still co-founder and executive chef (and before he became a culinary reality-show judge and Heimlich maneuver hero.)   My last visit was a few years ago, and Gramercy seemed to be a bit adrift in the kitchen. It was still a great place to dine, but it didn't have the lustre of my previous visit. But after this week's experience, I'm pleased to announce that Gramercy is back to it's former splendor thanks to Chef Michael Anthony. I did the dining room and prix fixe, with some additional appetizers and dessert. We started with the smoked trout Cippollini Purée and a some very delicious little vegetarian appetizers that the waiter brought out special for us. The trout purée was silky and rich -- everything that I expected when I ordered it. Next up: The Lobster and Green Bean Salad which was simply sublime and made my toes curl up in my Louboutins. Yes, it was that good. I'm thinking that it might be one of the only salads that I would seriously consider as a suitable substitute for sex. Maybe. On to the entree: This was tough. I debated between the Crispy Duck Breast with confit and the Beef Sirloin with Flat Iron and the cow won out.  I was in a red meat mood, and it certainly satisfied that, but it was probably the least impressive course of the evening.  That's not saying that it wasn't fabulous ... just that I'm still wondering what the duck was like. I'll need to figure out a way to get back to NYC to resolve that one. Only so much time and you have to choose. So I did. I have NO regrets. For dessert: We each ordered something different. I was in a  Cheesecake state of mind and my dining companion was all about the chocolate. So I ordered the Goats Cheesecake with Concord Grape Sorbet and my companion had the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding. Since by this point I had had two glasses of Crement du Jura Brut before dinner;  a glass of Riesling with the salad course and a Barbaresco with the steak, Sasha was in love with the entire dining room (funny combination of wines I know, especially considering that all three countries of origin have fought incessantly with each other for centuries.) The downside is that with all of the wine, I forgot what the sorbet was made from, and this initiated a ridiculous 20 minute conversation with my dining companion about whether it was grape or raspberry. As if any normal person not juiced up on good wine couldn't tell the difference. One thing we did agree on was that each dessert was equally as good as the other. So order either with confidence. You won't be disappointed. We kissed and made up with a glass of absinthe (BAD idea) and complimentary petit four and then made our way into the street to catch a cab to carouse until 4 am. This city truly never sleeps. Thanks Gramercy: Sasha is now one million liver cells short of a transplant, I've gained two pounds and due to the absinthe, I've earned a "reputation" in NYC.  The nice thing is that I don't live there, so I don't have to deal every day with my indiscretions. The Midwest does have it's perks, even if it's not as much fun as Manhattan. But I did adore the food. So ... my summary. Fantastic food, fantastic service (and never overbearing -- it was just right), lux ambiance without being overdone or overly hip, and a Green Bean Salad that blew my heels off. How often does that happen? Dress recommendation: Whatever you want to wear as long as it doesn't violate the rules of New York fashion. Whatever those rules are. You can never go wrong in black ... especially after drinking absinthe. I know. Trust me. Highly recommended.
Came here a couple of times but I just love the versatility of this place. One day I came here dressed up for dinner, another day I literally stumbled in with shorts and a tshirt on. They were most accommodating and both times the service never changed , only where I sat. Everything here reminds me of food served in California wine country or Vermont because of how wholesome and hearty the food is. Go for the scallops(so soft and fresh) and the roasted chicken-it's delicious, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The wine list here is pretty massive but so is their beer list-that always makes me smile.
This is a long overdue review because we came here back in August and both had the seasonal tasting menu. After the dinner, I've decided Gramercy Tavern is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. If I remember correctly, I think it's 6 courses. A couple of standouts that I still remember include the YUMMY chive bread rolls (and I don't even like chives that much), lobster salad with tomatoes (LOVE the tomatoes), duck breast (perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned). The dessert was amazing, also they gave us some coffee cake to take home, which I ate as breakfast the next day. I'd like to be back soon to see what they've changed for the seasonal menu. Maybe some pumpkin for Nov?
My girlfriend and I had the vegetable and winter tasting menu with a great Chilean red and had ourselves two very good meals. We both loved the decor and the service was (for the most part) great. I felt like the tasting menu was a little fish heavy after 3 fish courses, but the rabbit dish gave the meal a good high point. The service dragged as the night went on. The time between dishes was about 10 minutes. Ordinarily I wouldn't mind the wait, however I found the atmosphere to be a little crowded for private conversation. And at the end, our waiter accidentally tacked on a ninety dollar bottle of wine onto our bill. I'm glad we noticed that glaring error! One thing I didn't like was the "Happy Birthday" dessert note. I noticed that several tables received an extra dessert plate, and others didn't (our table). It's not a huge deal, but I felt a little slighted. But overall, I'd like to come back - but I will probably stick with the Tavern. thetrufflehoney.blogspot…
This was my defining restaurant experience in NYC this past weekend. Went with the staple 3 course meal, instead of the summer tasting. For the FIRST COURSE, I went with the Soft Shell Crab with fingerling potatoes and pickled ramps. The crab was delicious, although I didn't find the potatoes to be a good combination with it. I got to try a little bit of two other first courses: the Ruby Red Shrimp and the Foie Gras custard. I've gotta admit that the Foie Gras custard was unlike anything i've had. It was really good. Really rich, but they definitely give you more than you would expect. The shrimp was great too; extremely(almost weirdly) soft. For the SECOND COURSE, I had the Rack of Lamb with Hen of the Woods Mushrooms, hazelnuts, and collard greens. The lamb was done medium rare, which i think is perfect. Lamb was a solid dish, not too crazy; simple. The Hen of the Woods Mushrooms were probably the all star component of the night. I've gotta say, being a huge mushroom fan, this was amazing, considering it was the best mushroom i've ever tasted. Great flavoring, smokey, and almost meat-like. I'd definitely recommend it! Also got to try a little of two other 2nd courses: the Sea Bass and the Pork belly. Both were great. We also paired a great Italian wine with our dinner as well. Dessert was wonderful as well. We had been making small talk with our waiter, and come dessert time, we had a nice discussion about what to get. We all got different ones so that we could try a little of each. We had the Blueberry Brown Butter Cake with Blueberry sorbet, the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding, and the Peanut Butter Semifreddo (our waiter's favorite). Our waiter ended up bringing us out a 2nd Semifreddo on the house. That was really nice of him. Overall, great dining experience!
I've been here on more than one occasion and can only say 'Wow, what a place!' The entire staff has always been great, the decor is wonderful and the food...plating and taste are wonderful. If dinner is a bit much for the budget, then make sure you treat yourself to lunch. I've also gotten the downstairs tour where all the magic happens. The staff were friendly and humorous. Looking forward to my next visit!
Went for the first time last night, and did the tasting menu. It was absolutely outstanding, in every way. One of the best tasting menu experiences I have had, including those of the 2-3 Michelin star variety (Gramercy Tavern has 1). Food: The food was spectacular. I found each course to be interesting, have a good balance of flavors, and the sequencing of the meal was great as well. The meal started with 4 seafood courses, followed by 1 meat, and 1 dessert. The best seafood course was a halibut that was perfectly tender (but not mushy) in a rich mushroom broth. The lobster salad with pickled ramps was also excellent. The meat course was duck breast and a small cube of de-boned duck thigh. The duck was served perfectly medium rare, with crisp skin, and a pleasantly sweet note from honey. It was served with some radishes that were relatively unremarkable). Dessert was a very layered custard dish with blood orange, tapioca, shaved orange ice and pistacio. It had a lot going on, but the flavors worked well together. A great finish to a great meal. One of the best aspects of the meal was that I was completely full, but not even a little bit stuffed. This is a product of the restrained # of courses (6), as well as the heavy seafood component, and reasonable portion sizing. Leaving a restaurant overstuffed is one of my biggest frustrations with tasting menus, no matter how good the food. Well done Gramercy Tavern! Service: Attentive but not overbearing, and very knowledgeable about the food and wine. It was a longer meal (2.5 hours), but the pace was steady, with dishes showing up just as you were starting to wonder when the next dish would arrive. Overall, I was super impressed. While the food might not be quite "cutting-edge" by some standards, it is well-imagined and executed to perfection. Definitely will plan on returning to Gramercy Tavern time and again.
My bf and I came here for an early dinner before catching Memphis on Broadway. It's freaking impossible to get a reservation, but luckily for us, the wait for tavern seating was only 15 minutes. We ordered the duck liver mousse, red snapper & smoked pork shoulder. My favorite was definitely the duck liver mousse -- so rich, creamy and flavorful! I also really liked the ambiance of this place: very lively and energetic. The bar also looked like a great place to grab a drink. I would definitely come back! -L.
Last year, when Botanical Garden had Edible Garden, I had the privilege to watch Chef Anthony Michael talk about food as he prepared one of his dishes. I found him to be humble and modest and possessed this real genuine love for local produce. Last night, I treated my boyfriend for a lovely birthday dinner at Gramercy and we selected the summer tasting menu. The service there was outstanding - tiny attention to details made us feel well taken care of but without feeling like being hawked on. Marinated Sea Scallops was smoothing and what a way to awaken your palate! The texture is tender and then you have the tiny crunch stem and the cucumber but none of the ingredients overpower each other. The freshness is evident in each and every bite. Ah, I knew from that first bite that it was going to be a heavenly meal. Crab Soup - again, delicious. Didn't realize crab and corn would go together but the corn being in season added the natural sweetness, as well as the crunch.   Smoked trout was the best out of all the dishes. I love fish but I did not know smoke trout can taste like this. It was lightly cooked on the outside - so tender and moist - melts in your mouth. The puree and the pickled onions...yum...i can eat these by themselves. Of course, you have the onions to provide that crunch...oh yum and yum. The waiter said the trout is the ultimate favorite and most popular dish. No questions there. Hen was delicious and full of flavor but I think the trout overshadowed everything else. It was cook so well - juicy, tender, on a bed of vegetable. Yum...! The unfortunate mistake we made was replacing the veal with the rib eye steak - dish of the day. We were disappointed by the steak - it was boring and bland although the braised piece was delicious. So there you have it. The place is expensive but you forget it all once you are there. They know how to treat you well and I love the fact that they know the food - in detail as with all the wine.
With Warren's mother in town for the Westminster Dog Show, and always presenting an interest in this place, we thought that it was the perfect time to check out Gramercy Tavern. It was a Saturday night, and after a couple of drinks at The Maritime Hotel's La Bottega Caffe, we jumped into a cab and booked it over to the Tavern at a time we thought would be reasonable to get a seat - we opted for the Tavern, instead of the dining room (where reservations are required). Once we entered, I was met by a very nice hostess who said that our table would be about two hours.  Not to be perturbed (usually the wait times are much less), I saddled up to the bar to get us a couple of drinks that I was able to take back to the foyer and the one, lone table that we quickly snatched up. I noticed that the bar was packed, and after having some difficulty getting an arm in, a bartender immediately noticed me and took my order.  I noticed that a lot of couples were eating at the bar - something that would probably be for the best if you were just a party of two. After about an hour of waiting, our table opened up and we were escorted into the Tavern. The Tavern (I did not see the dining room, so this is really only for the front part of the restaurant) was large with sweeping murals, flower arrangements overflowing their pots, water cans, and old, antique barrels, and bronze, candlelit scones that hung from all the walls and ceilings.  It was dark, cozy, and immediately American. The service was fast, attentive, and the server easy to answer any questions that we may have had about the menu. I started with 5 oysters on the half shell.  While I am not sure what variety of the oyster was I had, I knew it had to be from the East Coast - the flavor was both brine-y and smooth.  It felt like I was eating the ocean. For my entree, I ordered the Red Snapper with braised squid, leaks and heirloom beans.  The Snapper was cooked to perfection and the squid was sliced into long, tiny strings that almost acted as noodles in the white wine broth.  The broth was so amazing, that I could have had that for a soup and have been satisfied. To finish off the meal, I had a glass of amaretto, on the rocks, that came in the most precious miniature wine goblet. If you are ever in the mood for a most wondrous and excessively delicious meal, than I highly suggest the Gramercy Tavern.
Wow. I should really just end the review there as that's likely what you'll be saying when you leave Gramercy Tavern yourself. Just a remarkable group of professionals who've been providing an unparalleled dining experience for darn near 20 years. And for those keeping track at home... 20 years ago equals 1994 - well before Top Chef and Hell's Kitchen alums dominated the media and created crazy demand to dine in their establishments after being evicted from prime time. Without any ties to Gordon Ramsay, Anthony Bourdain, or a high-profile network TV show, Gramercy Tavern somehow doesn't get the love that places like Daniel, Eleven Madison Park, and Le Bernardin do. They really should, though. If you're there for dinner, you really need to do their seven course tasting menu. It changes seasonally and I won't bore you with every course that was included (if you're curious, click their menu link here: gramercytavern.com/_medi…), but it lived up to everything our server (Álvaro) had promised. And compared to tasting menus of similar ilk, it was actually pretty affordable (that's not to say it was cheap by any means). We were in good hands. Of the several courses my lady and I dipped into, the standouts included the warm lobster salad with ribboned carrots and fingerling potatoes and the ricotta tortellini with squash, tomatoes, and heirloom beans. Just everything you could ask for in progressive dinner. Great texture and mouth feels, amazing flavor, inventive presentation, good pace, et al. They nailed it. For dessert, we opted for the blueberry corn ice cream sundae with toffee popcorn. It may have been one of the best sweet dishes I've had the pleasure of eating in recent memory. If you manage to grab a spot at the bar and order just a single dish, you need to make it this as a nightcap. While the food was superb, the service was even better. Just a class act all around that should be studied by any millennial-era chef with sleeved tattoos and 15 minutes of Food Network fame. It's what every experience dining out should be. Bravo!
Top quality across the board.  Amazing service and mouth watering dishes, especially the appetizers. The feel is very classic and there isn't any theme or special feel, just really good food combined with really good service.
We LOVE sitting in the tavern (more so than the restaurant) -- its much cozier, and you can actually as your waiter to order something off the dining room menu. However, this was my fifth time being at Grammercy and we ordered off the tavern menu. The heirloom tomato salad with pickled cherries was a nice refreshing summer treat, the tomatoes were incredibly sweet! We also shared the sweetbreads and the country pate that were accompanied by the tastiest wheat crackers... For an entree I had the flounder with the almond pepper sauce, it was so light and flaky, the perfect ending to a lovely meal (we skipped dessert) My girlfriend had the kielbasa (which looked lovely, and she loved, but I don't care much for kielbasa) This is one of my favorite restaurants in Manhattan.
Had a tasting menu, in the back.  There were good amount of choices, and there were some delectables chosen by the chef sent from the kitchen to distract us while waiting for rest of the food to come out.  Tried, for the first time, Foie Gras.  It was good experience overall, but expect a hefty bill. They serve more affordable meals outside near the bar, but they don't take reservation so have to wait for a while, depending on the date and time
was just ok. Bartender was terrific, but the wine at the bar was extremely overpriced. 28 for a glass of middle of the road Italian Barolo. I ordered their signature roasted oysters, which came to me luke warm, and disappointing. I also didn't really enjoy my entree, but maybe I ordered the wrong thing. My wife enjoyed her meal but nothing exciting we kept looking at each other and asking how could this be a Michelin star restaurant? Don't get me wrong everything was fine, but not a Michelin star, not worth the money, there so many much much better restaurants in the city, for example commerce in the West Village.
My dad just sent me an email forward with a subject of "This is heartwarming," and it was about some guy who helped raise hyenas and lions in Africa and can bathe freely with them in a lake (with their paws on his bare, wet shoulders) without being mauled to death.  I am not really sure whether that email thread was really forward-worthy (but thanks anyway, Dad), but that sort of ambivalence sums up my feelings about Gramercy Tavern as well. Went for a casual-chic birthday dinner here at the Tavern with a pal and ordered off the three course menu.  We both were stubborn and ordered the fried oyster salad because we didn't think we would be willing to share any golden mollusks with the other (we are such openly selfish people).  The oysters were okay but lacked the ocean-briny flavor that I love.  There was also a weird banh mi-esque lightly pickled carrot salad at the bottom of the plate that was too sharp in taste and detracted from the oysters. I ordered the trout entree which had this ridiculously salty yet addictive mushroom panko-breadcrumby topping, a combination of earthiness and crunch in one.  There were turnips and stuff too, but that mushroom mishmash was yum. The pal ordered the steak to put hair on his bare, sad Asian chest.  It was tender and solid. The desserts were fine, but nothing entirely noteworthy.  I had the chocolate cake, at the high recommendation of the waitress, and it was pretty - iced with rich chocolate dollops that resembled Hershey kisses, but just tasted fine.  Chocolatey yes, but nothing particularly noteworthy or swoonworthy.  The pal ordered the ricotta cheesecake which was served as a pale yellow cube on top of a brownie square wearing an almond toffee toupee.  Cute.  Okay tasting. I like the Tavern space quite a bit, and the service is good, but the food is just fine.  I just don't know if I would forward this restaurant recommendation to any of my friends - there are more exceptional eats for the price, but you can't do that wrong with this $38 spread.
I was so happy when I got the opportunity to have the chef's tasting menu here a while back. These guys can really do no wrong. Everything from their cocktails to their complimentary bread and butter are held to the highest standard, and it shows. The restaurant itself is beautiful - including the bar area up front - and we got to dine in one of the nice big booths in the back. The service was perfect and they were extremely accommodating with some of my dietary restrictions. Every course was delicious, but then they decided to really WOW me with their dessert. I swear, I was in dessert heaven unlike anything I've experienced before. I really didn't expect their dessert to blow me away the way it did, but it really was a great way to end the meal and send me off with an amazing impression of the restaurant. If you are planning on dining here, don't skip the dessert course! Even for those without an extreme sweet tooth, you will be really missing out if you skip it. Just try everything, and you won't regret it! :)
By most accounts this is one of the better restaurants in New York.  There is a more casual (and affordable) tavern area in the front, and a more formal (although not at all stuffy) restaurant behind a curtain.   This is a review of the restaurant, and the winter tasting menu that we had there.  At $115 a person, we settled on a reasonably priced bottle of pinot noir to keep the bill from escalating too rapidly.  The wine was quite nice.  Service was prompt and efficient, and nothing more. The fluke tartar was good although unremarkable.  The scallops with cauliflower and almond were delicious - could have used a bigger portion of these.  The smoked trout with onion puree was absolutely perfect, and one of the best fish dishes I have ever had.  Unfortunately, the final two meat dishes were a little of a let down.  The rabbit fettucine stew was forgettable, with the exception of a couple nice brussel sprouts.  The venison loin was perfectly tender, but was lacking in game flavor - I have had far more enjoyable venison elsewhere, but perhaps it is a matter of personal taste.  If you don't like venison you might very well like this venison. For dessert we opted for a cheese plate, after a small sorbet-meringue serving.  The cheeses were excellent. On another night, i'm sure I would give this place five stars, but I can't help but think that March isn't the best time to go a restaurant with such a local-seasonal focus.  Root vegetable purees artistically presented are getting a bit old...
Very good place! The atmosphere is classy and the food amazing! The vegetarian options are creative and delicious. I also loved how they gave you a muffin for your breakfast the next day. To top it off the cocktails are very tasty.
I was pretty unimpressed with Gramercy Tavern, unfortunately.  I had high expectations and went with my husband and friend for lunch during Christmastime.  We ate in the restaurant and though the food was definitely fresh and local, the dishes were pretty bland and boring.   I had the lobster salad to start, which was nice but not very flavorful.  I had a special for my entree - spinach fettucine with duck confit - the texture was nice but again, not much flavor.  My husband had the same comments for his entree, the braised lamb.  The dessert - the peanut butter semifreddo - was excellent. The service was very attentive and the place has a nice atmosphere, especially during the holiday season, but next time I'd eat in the tavern - we sat in the bar for a while and the food out there looked much better and was probably a lot less expensive.
I have 3 words to describe the Gramercy Tavern...Awesome, awesome, awesome !!!! The food and service is amazing !!!  We had the short ribs which were to die for, lobster main course which was amazing, and the parapella with a beef stew was my favorite item.  Everything was served to perfection !! For dessert, we had the apple tart with sour cream ice cream which was good.  The most amazing dessert was the chocolate (and I am not a chocolate fan) and ice cream.  This was one of the best desserts I have ever had !!! In between courses, Gramercy serves little dishes (and I mean little) such as sausage with pistachio, lemon meraigne, and chocolate..All were amazing.. Finally, you get a muffin (ok, really it is coffee cake) to take home for breakfast the next day !! This place ranks above Aqua in SF and would recommend to anyone looking for a great dining experience for a special occassion.  The drinks were good as well.  I had a Ginger tini and it was just right... You won't regret it !!!
I came here for lunch and had the tasting menu. The food was all good, but when you poach lobster in butter, can you really expect anything else? Overall nothing stood out to me as exceptional. The dessert was quite large, and though it was very good, I would have preferred more of the savory food instead. Service was very good, my water was always full. I would give this 4 stars, but for the price I expect more.
I am so ashamed to write this review, but I have to come clean: I do not remember at all what I ate at Gramercy Tavern. And that is testament to the goodness of the cocktail and wine lists. Sadly, the occasion was my husband's 30th birthday, and his friends were generous and kind to take us Gramercy, and I'm sure the meal was amazing because it was the seasonal tasting menu, which everyone raves about. I remember all of one bite of the tartare, then my memory gets crazy foggy. In conclusion, I am wildly ashamed of myself, but the drinks were phenomenal and I do not regret indulging. That being said, the next time I go to Gramercy Tavern, I'll savor dinner even more.
Regardless of price, the food is just ok. Had the prix fixe dinner menu. I ordered the Celery Root soup which was fine, but Campbell's could have made it too by just cutting up some butternut squash and throwing it into their celery soup. It wasn't cream-based yet still thick due to the puree, which I enjoyed. The duck breast as my main wasn't bad bbut it wasn't close to the best either. If I ate it with the skin on it was too salty, if I cut it off, it wasn't salty enough. The confit, brussel sprouts and mushrooms were all great and probably the best part of the dish. Had the chocolate bread pudding for dessert, but not sure if I enjoyed it because it was fantastic or because I was 3 glasses of wine in. Service was spectacular - it would get a 5 by itself.  The waitress and bus boy were very attentive. Also enjoyed the atmosphere - wasn't stuffy at all and had a good vibe. But if i had to do it again, i would go to Craft just one block over.
I love the feel and look of this place and I have no idea why I went here. It is odd for me to go anywhere that would have the word Tavern in it, but I am happy I did. From the person seating us to the wait staff just grand. Not often eating Lamb as it tends to tear my stomach up I took a risk since I love it and had the Lamb Pappardelle, yummy. There are so many places to try in NY when visiting, I am just glad this turned out so well and would go back.
This place is amazing.  My wife and I went the Sunday after Irene was supposed to wreck NYC (if there was a storm, we slept right through it...and apparently the cleanup too).  Gramercy was one of the only nice restaurants open that night, so we headed over. They weren't taking reservations and only the bar area was open for dinner, so there was about an hour wait.  We grabbed a cocktail and stood near the bar trying to get two seats together.  First impression...the place has a great ambience and hot damn their drinks are good.  One of the best Old Fashioned cocktails I've ever had. I had the meatball and my wife had the pork shoulder.  Both were absolutely amazing.  I finished mine and then cleaned my wife's plate. In the top 5 dining experiences of my life.
This review is based on dining back in Feb 2014, mostly due to the poor service of our table captain. My past visits at Gramercy Tavern had mostly ups. Usually the food is over the top excellent, rarely at times too salty or saucy. But the last visit we had made few weeks before was great, so when we had to find a quiet place for an important dinner, we decided to go for Gramercy Tavern. And this is how our evening went down. Our table captain (or head waiter), came to explain the menu and he was speaking very fast so I asked him whether he could slow down a bit as our guests do not speak English very well. Then he responded with some words, like should I even speak or bother reading or something along those lines. I was shocked and thought I must have misheard his joke. Anyway, this continued throughout the night. Our guests had brought a couple bottles of wine as a gift to the guests and when we asked our head waiter to serve them, he gave the expression that he was annoyed. I can understand, but expressly showing was just classless. Our guests had flown and brought the wine in the bubble bag which one of the guests quietly asked whether he could return it, instead of quietly responding, he interrupted the conversation and made a loud statement to the whole table that why we would want it back, when we can easily buy this elsewhere (with laughter making it sound like a joke but no one at the table was laughing). Then continued interruptions throughout this serious dinner. Other guests also commented what was wrong with our head waiter. I was very angry and upset, at a point I wanted to call the general manager and ask to change our server. I had to sit through - several additional interruptions without excuse me or pardon me while the guests were speaking, again instead of asking one person whether the different vintage wine can be poured in same glass or not, announcing to everyone on the table. He seemed very comfortable being crudely casual with guests and now, writing this review makes me furious once again thinking of that evening. I don't even remember what the food tasted like. Our guests were clearly annoyed and we left as soon as the dessert was served. I apologized to everyone after the dinner for the poor service and selection of the restaurant. That's how bad and obvious it was. To be fair to the restaurant, I had not received this level of service before at Gramercy. But will I ever host an important meeting or dinner at this restaurant? Probably not. And if Gramercy Tavern reads this review, it is too bad that you have a staff like this working at your restaurant. We were party of 6 in the right-center of the main room on a Monday evening. If this helps, you could provide a better training opportunity for this person.
I was fortunate enough to be taken to Gramercy Tavern for my birthday recently, and really had a great experience.  Overall, the restaurant is beautiful -especially the main dining room, and the service was very friendly throughout.   We started off with Mistral Martini cocktails - a lavender flavored gin based drink.  Overall, it was very good, although the lavender does become a bit strong toward the end.  After that, we tried the Orange Blossom - a champagne based drink with orange essence.  The Orange Blossom was a very good, simple cocktail with great flavor. For the first course, my girlfriend had the chilled asparagus soup.  I thought this was a very unique soup with great flavor.  The lobster and hazelnuts gave the soup some additional texture.  if you're looking for an appetizer that won't be too filling, this is a great choice.  I tried the smoked trout - which was a nice choice as well.  The trout had a pronounced smokiness, but not too overbearing so as to cover up the natural taste.  Very simple dish, but very enjoyable. For the second course, my girlfriend had the duck breast and confit.  The duck was very tender and flavorful, although I think a lot of the other entrees seem more interesting.  I tried the pork loin and belly, which was also very good.  The meat was well cooked and the sides were also fantastic.  I think if I returned I would try a fish dish though, as that seems to be a specialty. For dessert, I had a cheese plate and found each cheese to be fantastic.  My girlfriend had the lemon pound cake - which was fantastically sweet.   Overall, a fantastic dinner.  Overall I find the menu to be pretty simple (hence the "Tavern" perhaps), but it is well executed and memorable.
The epitome of a special occasion restaurant. The food is very good, the service is excellent, the restaurant is beautiful, and the bill is outrageous. Who could ask for anything more? It's been a while since I have been to Gramercy Tavern, but the experience was memorable. The restaurant looks inviting yet elegant from the outside and that's exactly the experience Gramercy Tavern provides it's diners. It gives off a very earthy, refined vibe. The service is very prompt. The waiters and waitresses are attentive and very friendly. The food is really the star of the show (as it should be). Everything was done almost perfectly and the desserts are also very, very good. The Gramercy Tavern is definitely a worthwhile dining experience. I would totally recommend it to anyone who is looking for a special occasion restaurant that serves very good food, and isn't over the top.
Pros:  Food and service were outstanding. Great wine selection. You can pair lunch here with a walk through Union Square farmers market after. Cons: Expensive. You really should dress up. I looked out of place in shorts and a polo, even for lunch.
At first GT feels a little restrictive. Seriously-you have to call back to be sure you confirm your confirmed reservation, and then they remind you that in the dining room you need to wear "business casual" and that it's a prix fixe menu. And I do have to say that when we checked in, the host did eyeball my husband up and down to see if he passed the dining room criteria. But that's where the stuffiness stops. Once you are in the dining room, every interaction you have is meant to make your evening lovely and warm. Every member of the serving staff is helpful and genial. The first hurdle is always the drink menu for the teens. I've said it before about a million times - if you are a high-end dining establishment and you make a teen (or kid) drink a soda with their meal as their only selection, you have done something wrong. This is not the case here. Iced Blue Bottle coffee thrilled the teen girl (thanks for the nod to the bay area), and the teen boy chose the french sparkling apple juice. Adults began with adult beverages. When ordering, you choose either the 3-course or the 6-course tasting menu. As with anywhere, the entire table needs to order the same # of courses. So of course we knew we would have to go with the 3-course, as the teens aren't quite as adventurous in their dining options as we are. When it was time to order, I could not decide between the three fish dishes for my main course, as they all sounded wonderful. When I queried our server, he let me know they actually had a special dish that included bass, crab, lobster, and various other things I love. No question - I chose the special. I then went to order the mushroom starter, and he let me know it was a cold dish (similar to a terrine.....or perhaps exactly a terrine...I forget) and I was incredibly appreciative about that, as I hate terrine and anything that would be gelatinous in any way, which I imagine was going to be the case with a cold mushroom dish. He then asked if I would like the asparagus dish from the vegetable tasting menu as my starter, as it included mushrooms. Why yes, please...and thank you very much! Teen girl also changed her mushroom starter when hearing the description and went with the trout. She ordered the chicken dish, and again, the server made sure that she understood the way they cook the chicken was to keep a bit of the pink...but she could have it cooked a bit more, if she would like. Yes, please, she would very much like it cooked a bit more. Teen boy and hubby also ordered the trout starter, and then went with the pork dish. Everyone loved every bit of their food. The teens were amazed at how much they loved the trout. They normally just sort of put up with it when we serve it to them, or catch it and cook it for them....but they gobbled it all up and exclaimed how they would like it always prepared this way. The pork and chicken and fish were all exceptional - not a single thing left on anyone's plate. We chose a Côte-Rôtie with the help of our server, that he decanted for us. We stopped short of asking him to decant it with a candle flame for our amusement, as the teens were mortified at the thought of us asking for that LOL. It was absolutely delicious. Between meals our amuse-bouche were both frothy drinks, first a spiced carrot with orange foam, and then a strawberry-something with an actual strawberry. For dessert we chose the "coconut," the "chocolate," the "strawberry," and the cheese (any 3 cheeses of your choice). There were so many flavors and textures included in all of these that I can't recount them...let's suffice to say that not a single plate had any trace of dessert left at the end. Also, hubby has wisely asked them to choose for him, and they did magnificently. One soft cow cheese, one hard cow cheese, and one hard goat cheese. They were so good that the other three of us kept stealing from him. And finally the chef's complimentary sweets: a nougat-type something that none of us enjoyed too much, a chocolate, and a macaron. Four of each. We all had our share. The teen boy fell in love with the chocolate, the teen girl fell in love with the macaron. So much so, that they were eyeballing the leftover one of each at the table next to us. They couldn't believe those people didn't/wouldn't finish theirs. So, after they paid the bill and left, somehow, some ninja absconded with the one leftover chocolate and the one leftover macaron and they seemed to land perfectly with each teen according to their preference. It happened so quickly that nary a diner or server or parent saw the whole thing go down. What the parents did see was the sheer look of happiness and satisfaction on two teen faces. And what price would a parent pay for that? Totally worth it, ninja. Three hours later, we rolled on out of there super satisfied and super happy. Bonus celebrity sighting: Craig Jackson of Barrett Jackson car auction fame was there. Since we record every hour, we loved that!
There is probably nothing I can say about Gramercy Tavern that hasn't been said before. Chef Michael Anthony has transformed the spot into something exciting and fresh. He won a James Beard award earlier this year! I have had the pleasure of experiencing a tasting menu in the formal dining room, and can honestly say it was one of my favorite meals. Ever. Every ingredient on every dish is explicitly selected and artfully arranged. Each plate is a small work of art, featuring some ingredients that are new to me, and others old, and yet presented in unexpected ways. Even the palate cleaner that was served between savory and sweet courses was brilliant and addictive, a homemade ginger beer float with raspberry sorbet and a small coconut madeleine. Exquisite. I hope to return very soon!
I would love to be able to provide a negative anecdote about GT.  Maybe a dish that hadn't been cooked perfectly, or less than superb service.  Perhaps a less than thrilling dessert could've come out of the kitchen, or the front of house staff would've been less polite to me one day. But I have no horror stories.  I have not yet had a meal at Gramercy Tavern that wasn't perfect.  And that's why it remains my favorite NYC restaurant.
Amazing meal was enjoyed by me and my hubbie here on sunday night. we sat at the bar and loved the ambience as we could see the entire restaurant from our little corner. I liked my cocktails, stuck to a few Apropos, yummy. i then switched to beer and was extremely impressed with their beer selection, the pumpkin ale was fabulous. Husband got the tasting menu and thoroughly enjoyed it. i got the scallop stuffed grilled calamari (it was a special app) and did not enjoy it,a tad heavy for my liking. got the corvina for my entree and it was delicious. very generous serving. dessert was choco cake, asi asi. loved the experience and the entrees in particular.
If you're a baller and you're looking for a good cocktail to go with your delicious lunch, go here. If you're not a baller and you want your date to think you are, take him/her here and tell 'em it's your favorite neighborhood spot. Excellent cocktails, fish, and staff. They're very attentive and supportive of your culinary needs.
One of the best meals I have had in a very long time. I can't say anything new that hasn't been said already. We were visiting NYC and were told that we just had to eat here. I made a reservation a month in advance for the dining room. Upon arrival we waited for a bit. Apparently we were the first seating. We were seated in a very nice corner booth and were taken care of by the attentive staff all night. We went for the 5 course tasting menu which included: Red snapper Smoked Hake Salad Soft Shelled Crab Squab Beef Sirloin and Braised Flat Iron Tasting Dessert Let me tell you that the first 3 courses were outstanding. The soft shelled crab was the best I've ever tasted. The Red snapper was fresh and sashimi like. The squab was a bit off to me. Very tough piece of meat. It was prepared nicely but for personal tastes, I did not fancy it. The beef sirloin was amazing as well. Rounded of the meal just right. The dessert was great as well. We tried both of their tastings and both were sooooo good. They gave us little bites of chocolate at the end as well as a pastry for breakfast the next day. What a real treat! I loved every single bite and moment of this meal.
This was quite possibly one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. I started off with the Merguez Sausage. It consists of chickpeas, swiss chard, almonds, and harissa. The sausage as told to me by Jennifer, our brilliant waitress is made right at the Tavern and was delicious and complex. It had strong bold meaty flavors and the broth which accompanied the sausage was soy based with some spice to it which complimented it really well. The broth was in fact so good that I described it to my guests as being so good I could eat it as a soup. As an entree I had the duck confit. This is everything you would expect from a confit. Crispy, golden, tender, and very juicy. It was served with Bok Choy and Kohlrabi. Delicious and the execution was as close to perfect as you can get. However, I felt that it could use with a bit more inspiration and creativity. Unfortunately, I do not have a suggestion. For dessert I had the german chocolate cake. It was a very rich and bold cake that was the perfect serving size. Enough for me to love it but not enough for me to become sick of it. Along side of it was the chocolate coconut ice cream with chocolate dirt which was brilliant. I'm looking forward to my next visit as I feel that there might be some stronger items on this menu.
Pleasantly Surprised! I actually never heard of this place and it's tucked away in the middle of 20th street-therefore, I probably would have never been there if it wasnt for a recommendation. I started with a Laisco Pear Cocktail and finished with 5-I'm not an alcoholic-I just drink alot. The drink was divine. I would have been content with just having that. However, I decide to have the Flounder dish-which was alarmingly delectable. Great place to go and meet a client or a muse that economically stable.   Now you officially have "The Supreme Touch"
Took my girlfriend here for her birthday. SLAM DUNK! We did one of the tastings, not the vegetarian, about $140 a person I believe. Everything was absolutely delicious. My favorite was probably the Lobster Salad. The cheese platter was also spectacular. In fact, I'm normally a fan of cheeses on the softer sizes but I found a new favorite cheese of all time, a Romano that I can't find anywhere else. It had an orange tint to it and a nice sharp taste. The waitress was lovely the entire evening and her knowledge of everything on the menu was really quite impressive. She certainly could describe all the textures and tastes much better than I can in this review. I made the reservation through Yelp and noted that it was my girlfriends birthday. At the end of our meal a complimentary coconut cake was brought out with her name written out on the plate. Very nice touch. All in all, if you're looking for fine dining, then this is a great option. Definitely on the pricey side. I believe the total was around $500 which included a bottle of wine and two additional glasses.
Fantastic seafood preparation.  Although it goes with the turf that Danny Meyers' highly acclaimed restaurant excels at all dishes, in my mind it was the seafood that truly stood out as exceptional. For appetizers, start with the smoked trout -- this is a long, delicate rectangle of fish, presented atop red pickled onions.  The trout flakes very finely and is fantastic. The arctic char is the best I've ever had: extremely tender and moist.  It is prepared rare enough to have a slightly translucent pink color throughout, yet still flaky at the touch of a fork. The duck breast and confit is also excellently prepared, seared nicely on the outside and juicy and pink within.  The slices were presented on a bed of wild cherry, almond, and grains which complemented it nicely. Of course, all of the little touches in between meals also make Gramercy Tavern the experience that it is.  A succulent sliver of scallop sprinkled with caviar, a tray of macaroons and truffles, and the sendoff "breakfast" muffin. It's a five star experience without stiff formality, and certainly hope to return.
OK I was torn between 3 and 4 stars for Gramercy Tavern as I've been here twice and had a great experience (on a date), and a very average experience (with a group of 5 for a business dinner). Let me start with the positives: the food is tasty, original without being too wacky, and creatively prepared and served, all served in a pretty delightful ambience (at least, the front dining area). As for the negatives: when we went with a large group, they wouldn't let some of the table order a la carte while others ordered set menu (why??) and they seated us in the back dining room which was darker and generally less awesome than the front dining area. Overall, I do like the spot, though I really don't think it deserves all the endless hype it seems to receive. Pricing vs value was decent, without being great (I have had better experiences at other pricey places like Jean Georges, or Park Avenue Winter, for example).
Lovely at Christmas time-- so homey with a nice holly decor.  The tavern is a great alternative when you want an excellent meal without spending 90+ on the tasting menu in their dining room.  The highlight Of the menu was their pork in a bacon broth. Cooked perfectly. Not to mention the cocktails are top notch...smooth but strong. Especially their gin honey and Meade. Class act joint with a reputation they live up to!
In attempt to make up for leaving his dirty socks everywhere (I finally reached my limit) my husband and I had lunch at Gramercy Tavern today. Just as I do not understand why my husband can't put his socks away, I do not get the hype about Gramercy Tavern. In any case, my husband now has two things to make up for: leaving his socks everywhere and taking me for a sub-par lunch for leaving his socks everywhere. Ambiance: Let's start with the good. This place is beautiful! The decor is really just stunning, kind of like Tavern in Brentwood, CA (maybe the same owners?) but less packed. Open, airy, spacious. Service: Can't complain. Servers were on it at all times. Food: Mostly terrible. *Warm Lobster Salad - The lobster was very chewy and the portion was tiny for $18. I was utterly underwhelmed with the lack of salt and flavor. *Cauliflower Soup - Not my thing at all. The soup had a strange bitter taste. My husband seemed okay with it. Or maybe he was too scared to say anything? * Smoked Arctic Char - This entree was almost not edible. The smoked flavor was just too much...it tasted like smoked salmon (which I love) but magnified 10 times. It was just wrong. * Halibut - Finally something tasty! My husband ordered this as his main and it was nearly perfect. I loved the tomato water and the potatoes. The eggplant was a bit greasy but I'm splitting hairs here. So maybe my palate isn't elevated enough or something but seriously, I wished I was at Chipotle during the entire lunch, where I could have had 5 burrito bowls for the price of my chewy lobster and too-smoky char. Obviously I'm the only one on Yelp who feels this way but I (and my husband) have no plans to return to Gramercy Tavern.
2012; 1 Michelin star On our last evening in NY, we decided to check out Gramercy Tavern and see what all the hype is about. Here's what we ordered: -beef carpaccio: paper thin slices of carpaccio which melt in your mouth -chilled asparagus soup: delightfully smooth and refreshing -duck breast and confit: best.ever.duck -roasted lamb: not gamey and was moist and tender -carrot cake: full of carrot flavor -lemon pound cake: light and sweet The food here met my expectations. The quality and flavor of the foods were memorable and just looking at the pictures makes my mouth salivate. Service was stellar and I would definitely come back for a great tasting meal and/or to celebrate a special occasion.
Went here for lunch on Jan 10th while visiting from Chicago. Service was immaculate, presentation of food A+ and the food was delicious. The only reason why this place doesn't get a 5 is because the lack of vegetarian dishes on the menu.
This place was excellent.  My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and we did the pre-fix dinner, along with paired wines.  Each dish was beautifully prepared.  The scallops were amazing!  Service was really good, and our waiter was very nice as well as knowledgable.  He introduced me to the best Chardonnay I've ever had, and I'm not even a fan of Chardonnay!  If there was a complaint it was that I was overstuffed when I was done.  Kind of amazing that it happened, but they were very nice to bring us complimentary dishes from the chef...so that put me over the top.  I would happily come here again. The ambiance is very nice and romantic.  I enjoyed the openness of the restaurant and of course, the food was fantastic!
Amazing! I've been several times and it never disappoints. The service is superb, the food is creative and delicious, and the atmosphere is lovely. It upholds the culture of old New York which I enjoy. Gramercy Tavern exceeds expectations during every visit. I love the "tavern" part as well. The staff is knowledgable--they know their craft well and it's obvious! Go for a very special occasion because Gramercy will enhance the entire experience.
I came here for lunch and did the tasting menu. All the dishes were prepared beautifully and the service was impeccable. Maybe because it was lunch, but there was a very relaxing atmosphere for a business casual environment. It was pleasant and not overly pretentious. Two dishes that stood out to me most: the arctic char that we started with and the veal loin and deckle we ended with. The arctic char was extremely fresh - it was beautifully blended with fresh, summerly vegetables that added texture and flavor to the sushi-like/rare tasting char. The veal loin and deckle was amazing. Apparently deckle is the fatty part of the brisket so it reminded me of pork belly but with more meat than fat. There's some type of mustard/horseradish sauce that gives it more flavor. We also had the shrimp and red snapper as part of our tasting menu and the ravioli which a friend had previously recommended. All the dishes were good. The combination of flavors were all bright and colorful, visually as well. The seafood itself was nicely prepared, but there was something else in these three dishes that made them too salty for me. I know in the shrimp dish it was the tasso ham that didn't do it for me. In the snapper dish, it might have been the olives. In the buckwheat ravioli, it was definitely something in the broth that made it salty. Additionally, the buckwheat skin was a little too thick for my liking. Maybe that was the intention. For the tasting dessert, I selected the chocolate and strawberries dessert which reminded me of a chocolate mousse. It was delicious. Not too sweet. Overall, I had a good experience at Gramercy Tavern.
A lovely, comfortable place at which I am always happy to be.  Almost everything I've had was delicious, a statement which is only qualified by the dishes which were merely very good.  Great beer selection with seasonal taps paired to the menu.   It's so home.
The hostess cancelled my Open Table reservation, which pissed me off. 10PM reservation, I arrived at 10:15PM and she was calling my cell phone as I walked in. Bad Start!! Seated in the "Main Dining Room" Service was slow and cold!! For the amount of money I spent, I would have much rather spent it elsewhere. Sorry, I hate to give this a 3 star but that's all it merits.
I always set my expectations based on reputation (reviews, chef, etc.) so my expectations were high, and Gramercy nailed them all.  I loved the room itself, perfect befitting the meal that was to follow. From the initial greet through dinner, service was warm and friendly but professional throughout.  That can often be a difficult balance but the staff here nailed it.  I must single out the host team, as they alone would have earned a repeat visit from me. My friends and I dined on many wonderful dishes, too many to list.  My highlights were the chilled tomato soup, the sweet corn custard and the duck breast.  It's always a great sign when duck is cooked perfectly and this was one of the two best pieces of duck that I've enjoyed in my life.  Not to be outdone, the peanut butter semifredo... Well, if you love peanut butter like I do, just order it and trust me.   The last stop on my last NY trip, Gramercy Tavern was easily the highlight. I will be back again and again and again.
Absolutely stunning restaurant aesthetics, and the perfect place for the vegetarians in your group, Gramercy Tavern earns its acclaim. The complimentary bread basket and salted fresh butter was an addictive start to the menu, but it was the cocktail and wine list here that really soared. I loved the food, though in fairly small portions, but I think I will return again for a cocktail. A wonderful date place for sure.
Great place for nice cocktails and great food. Had the fish and specialty cocktails... nice for happy hour, too
Impeccable food and service. You really can't go wrong here. It's certainly not cheap, but I'm coming back..as much as possible.
Went there for a Saturday brunch. The cocktail was well presented and had interesting ingredients. The waiter was great at presenting the menu and drink selection and service was overall good. There was a short line so we waited out in the lobby until we were able to sit. I really dislike waiting for brunch, but the lobby and study were so nice I didn't mind at all. We grabbed coffees from the pastry/coffee counter in the restaurant and read out by the fire until our seats were ready. If only all of NYC was this gentile. The food was good with lots of fresh ingredients and had a healthy bent that I liked a lot. Overall would recommend for a high-brow, relaxing destination brunch.
Gramercy Tavern is in my humble opinion one of the best places in Manhattan if you want to get great food and service.  My girlfriend took me out for my birthday and it was incredible. I love the yellowtail appetizers and the Arctic Char. My friend ordered Seabass and Gramercy Tavern complimented us with free dessert for my birthday. Such a great and pleasant experience. :)
We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner last night. The service was perfect. I adored the beet salad, and my husband thought the pasta appetizer he had was great. Honestly, I'm not sure if we picked the best things for our second course. The pork and lamb were good but not great. However, the desserts and cheese were fabulous! We had the green tea and strawberry as well as a chocolate hazelnut dessert with candied peppers. To die for! Also, all the in between tastes and bread were great. The waiters and other waitstaff were very on top of everything but not overbearing. I hope to go back again on our next trip with more time to do the full tasting menu.
As good as ever... Came in again with Mom and GF... Amazing food, solid technique, awesome service, sickening desserts... I friggin love this place... Order the sweetbreads from the Tavern side...It will blow your mind... Order the smoked fish with cipollini onions from the dining room side...Just plain stupid good... Mike Anthony continues to do amazing things while letting his ingredients be the star of the show!
One of the best dining experiences I've ever had! We arrived 30 minutes early for our 8:30 dinner reservation on a Sunday night, and had no trouble finding 2 empty seats at the bar as we waited on our table. Bar service was excellent! The decor here is just lovely! The nature theme of flowers/plants and fruit & vegetables made it warm and inviting. I had the 3 course menu for $92. First course- Pork Bolognese Tagliatelle Second course- Striped Bass Dessert- Rhubarb Almond Cake The striped bass came in the most savory garlic butter type sauce. It was so delicious! I also tried my friend's smoked trout, lamb, and devil's food cake, which were even better. One of the best parts about the experience was that the chef sent out 3 bonus treats during the course of our meal, including a cinnamon muffin to take home for breakfast the next day. Awesome! Service was top notch. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in NY!
I had been wanting to come here for ages and managed to get a reservation when my family was in town - and we were not disappointed! Given it's a fine dining place, I was expecting it to be quite a formal, stuffy environment, but I couldn't have been more wrong. There is a great lively atmosphere to the place. We had the three course menu and every course was delicious. The service was really good - our server was knowledgeable on the menu, able to guide us through it and suggest wine pairings. My favourite place I've eaten in NYC!
Had lunch here with a couple co-workers, and the food, service and ambiance were all wonderful.  The most memorable part of the meal, however, was the coconut tapioca dessert.  It made me forget everything else we had just eaten.  It made Don O. forget to write anything in his review!
A 3-hour dining experience that I'll never forget. I made the reservation a month in advance, and we were seated at the center table in the Dining Room. We came here for my brother's pre-wedding celebration with the wedding party and it was simply exquisite from start to finish. Our waiter, Stephen, was wonderful. We chose the seasonal tasting menu; complimentary champagne and extra dessert (I think) with personal message was a great icing on the cake. We also paired our meal with Paumanok wine, which added a nice touch. Every single dish was delicious. Smoked hake salad was my favorite. The fish literally melted in my mouth. It was my first time trying a squab dish - it was tender, tasted like a blend of duck meat and dark chicken. One of the bridesmaid made a sudden toast to NYC pigeons and that was all that was needed to break any qualms about trying pigeon meat lol. The dessert, let me tell you, was amazing. I will definitely be back to try the Tavern menu. Amazing service, perfect ambiance -- Gramercy Tavern is a must try! No wonder it is considered the benchmark of great NYC cuisine. So cheers to NYC pigeons, cheers to stellar food, and cheers to great company!
We didn't realize that they don't have a "traditional brunch" menu items, and my friend was initially disappointed.  Kevin - who we think is the manager was kind enough to make sure that everyone's experience was wonderful - including my friend who was craving brunch. I live down the street and have always had great meals at Gramercy Tavern - and they didn't disappoint today :). Thank u for a great meal ...we hope u add eggs and sausage for Sunday lunch/brunch :)
My previous review for Gramercy was for the Dining Room. This review is for the Tavern area. I actually enjoyed the tavern area more than the Dining Room. We sat at the bar, which I love doing for lunch. Though I gave them both 4 stars, the tavern is more like a 4 and a half as far as setting and food..the service brought it down to a four. The bartender was efficient, but jeez, show some emotion...a smile...a fart...anything. Not the cheery Danny Meyer service I'm used to. I really enjoyed the food, the menu is a little more to my liking than the Dining room menu. We split 4 apps...sweetbreads, vegetable plate, fish croquettes, and flatbread with goat meatballs, crispy onions, and ramps. That flatbread was my fav...really great stuff that just sings spring. Desserts were 50/50..the lemon pudding cake sucked but the peanut butter' chocolate mouse was great. They have a great beer list, for you beer lovers.
This restaurant was the highlight of my trip. The food and service here was excellent. We ate in the dining room and everything was excellent.   Truly an amazing place to visit and I would recommend it to all my friends. I can see why this place is a foodie staple.
Total: 4.0 My colleagues and I visited Gramercy Tavern by chef Michael Anthony awarded Best Chef NYC. We all had the six-course seasonal tasting menu which was $116 per person. Overall I had a wonderful experience and highly recommend for everyone to have dinner with your important ones. Food was delicious, service was executed very solid and stable, and the decor is beautiful where I liked most.  Since I had a very high expectation of this place, I was not so amazed much and only scored 4.0.   Food:4.0 Every dish was delicious especially smoked salmon, my favorite over the course. You should ask them to have it :)  Other dishes were also tasty but I have to say that they were not memorable. Service:4.0 Our server was great throughout the evening. He took the time to explain each menu and dish when served. Very professional. Decor: 4.0 What is the definition of "tavern"?  Tables were bit small for 4 people but very pleasant and moder decor was fit for my taste. Not too formal and not too casual. Good for a date or special occasion.
Old school charm. This classy spot is a must for anyone visiting or living in New York City. While I can't recommend dinner quite yet, lunch was divine. I had the vegan lasagne dish and also tried the sausage. I felt a little silly arriving in my "Tres Jolie" sweater, leggings and flats- but alas, this was my NYC "roaming" outfit for the day. Of course there is coat check and of course everyone in the restaurant seemed to be dressed to the nines- next time I'll come with a reservation, a handsome date and one of my favorite dresses.
My friend and I dined here for lunch once and we had a little one with us.  The staff members were super friendly and accommodating!  Not the mention the food was delicious and the portions were just right.  I highly recommend this place!
The place and the food are great! This is a very classy place and it does not have a stuffy air at all. Though for a vegetarian, you might have to rely on ordering from the appetizers but I was not hungry afterwards.
Having heard amazing reviews about this place I had high expectations. Overall I enjoyed the experiance, service was excellent but found the food good but nothing to rave about  The front is a casual tavern setting and the back is a more formal dining area. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and we sat in the back and opted for the 2 course prix fixe ($88).  The wine pairings they helped us select complimented the the dishes. The amuse bushe was unmemorable (I don't remember anymore..) For the first course we had beef carpaccio and shrimp.  For the second we had Flounder and the Roasted & Braised Lamb.  Personally I thought the lamb was a bit too gamey. For desert we opted for Peanut Butter Semifreddo and Apple tart.  I had a hard time deciding between the peanut butter and the mint brownie desert but the server recommended the peanut butter.  They ended up giving us peanut butter, apple tart, AND the mint brownie.  But by that time were were already so stuffed. The portions were hearty and although I wished I could try more dishes..but I left feeling like I couldn't even eat another bite.
Impeccable service and food! This place definitely deserves 5 stars and nothing less. My fiancé and I came here for our anniversary date and had a great experience. We even got a few extras, champagne, appetizer and even take home muffins for the next morning!
The food is delicious.
I recently ate lunch at Gramercy Tavern. My party and I tried each other's food, so we got to sample a lot.  We had the Warm Squash Salad Black Lentils, Apple Salad Radicchio, Hazelnuts and Cider Vinaigrette, Lamb Pappardelle Olives, Lemon Confit and Swiss Chard, Red Kuri Squash Soup Brussels Sprouts and Apples, Roasted Hanger Steak Fingerling Potatoes, Red Russian Kale and Bourbon Sauce, a flounder dish, Spiced Cranberry Brown Butter Cake Cranberry Lime Sorbet, Chocolate Almond Tart Coffee Ice Cream and Toffee Mousse, and Vanilla Bourbon Ice Cream & Mandarin Orange Sundae Earl Grey Meringues and Cranberry Compote.  This was my first time dining at Gramercy, but my companions were regulars.  The appetizers were mediocre at best.  The apple salad was very basic; the squash salad was a colorful mishmash of squashes and radishes that wasn't very flavorful.  The flounder wasn't very good.  We ordered a side order of fingerling potatoes that were not good.  The desserts were much better than the meal, the sundae being the highlight and the one thing we all agreed upon as being delicious.  The decor here is so classicly lovely.  I just wish the food was as good to match.  Perhaps, like many restaurants, it used to be better.  The service is very good.
This place deserves 5 stars . My friends took me there . I wouldn't go there if i had to pay , but this time dinner was paid so i just had to enjoy ! Service was outstanding .
This is a place that is special.  This required special days with special people, unless you are just filthy rich.  Three of us got the tasting menu, and we ordered a nice bottle of Moscato for dessert.  I loved the lobster the best (so tender), and duck the least (a little too tough).  The place was filled with fresh cherry blossom and peonies (two of my favorite).  Service is typical "I know how much you are paying for your meal so I will make sure you don't regret it"
Gramercy Tavern is absolutely, positively spectacular! Gramercy Tavern is a charming yet elegant restaurant located in the Flatiron District. Gramercy Tavern stops at no costs to make sure that diners have a true five star experience. From the moment one walks in the door to the very last bite, Gramercy strives to not only fulfill but exceed diner's highest expectations. You are guaranteed to leave Gramercy feeling full, happy and satisfied! The Breakdown: -Price: Dinner is $88-$120 per person on average (excluding beverages, prices vary) -Ambiance: Clean, Dark yet well lit, classic American with beautiful floral arrangements -Perfect For: Date night and special ocassions -Menu: American menu full of seasonal, fresh and local ingredients. The menu provides a variety of options that will please any palate, diet and or picky eaters *What To Order: The Roasted & Braised Lamb, Clam Spaghetti and the Apple Tarte Tatin desert. Not to mention the cheddar biscuit amuse-bouche, it was packed with flavor and truly divine *What I Can Do Without (not bad, but not stellar): The Pasture Raised Chicken & Sausage and the Pork Loin & Belly were a-okay but forgettable. The Palate Cleanser left a bad taste in my because it reminded me of mint Tums -Service: Five stars hands down! My server was professional, friendly, knowledgeable, polite and made my family and I feel welcome. I asked where the bathrooms were and my server went out of his way to show me the location. If you get up from the table a staff member will promptly arrive, fold your napkin and place it on your chair (yeeeah) -Cool Beans: Diners are given a  to-go goodie (pastry) with the prix fixe dinner menu. I'm not sure if this applies to the lunch menu -Reservations: Reservations can be made up to one month in advance -Dress Code: Business casual, no shorts or tank tops are not allowed -Parking: Validated beginning at 4 PM. $20 Validation for parking at "Unique Parking" nearby. Call or check out the website for details. For those of you unfamiliar with the area, this is a total steal Overall, I had a wonderful time and I would happily go back here anytime (lets be real; budget permitting)! Gramercy Tavern is well worth the money, time and calories! I cannot wait to get my hiney back here and try more of the menu!
I'd maybe give this place 4 stars if it wasn't ranked the best restaurant in NYC every year, but the more I think about it, probably not.  I don't get it.  Can someone please explain to me why year in and year out this is considered the BEST in a city of fantastic eateries?  Everything we ordered was good but nothing was special.  Small portions too.  I guess I was expecting my mind to be blown from a top ranked restaurant in NYC and why shouldn't I?  I'd never choose to go here if it wasn't on the company and I'd probably still never choose it even if it is.  Mr. Zagat needs a reality check.
Wonderful anniversary meal. We dined with young, well-behaved children. For anyone considering the same, the staff were incredibly friendly and accommodating, and as we were dining at around 2pm it was not busy. Flawless food and service.
Invited by a business colleague.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  Had the fish entree--delicious.  Could not stay long so they gave me a complimentary dessert to go.  Service and decor were excellent.  Can't wait to come back...if I can get a reservation!
Beet salad Lobster salad
I took my Mom here this week during our visit to NYC and again, I was not disappointed!  I had the chicken and my Mom tried the kielbasa.  Both were fresh, flavorful and just downright delicious!  The fresh flowers are impressive and such a nice touch.  Our server was great - friendly, efficient and very helpful in describing several of the dishes to us.
We had an amazing  dinner in the back dining room at Gramercy Tavern. We went with the set menu and our expectations were exceeded. Great wine and specialty  drink menu and the food is perfection on a plate. Loved the little mini tastings inbetween courses. If the amazing dinner was not enough, the service was 11 out of. 10. If you are in New York - treat yourself to a meal here.
For my boyfriend and me, it really doesn't get better than Gramercy Tavern. It doesn't have the glitz of Eleven Madison Park or Le Bernardin, but it is just as good. It's one of the things we like about it, it's a fine dining establishment that's a tad laid back. Meaning I don't have to wear heels, and my boyfriend doesn't have to wear a tie. Life is about the little things. We had the tasting menu at the advice of our server, and he did not steer us wrong. He advised us on wine as well, and it was all lovely. The menu constantly changes, so I can't tell you exactly what we had, but I know we want to come back once a season to try their new menu. Our experience was spectacular, can't recommend it enough.
Recently had dinner with family and friends in the dining room. We opted for the 3 course tasting menu to get some variety and share some tastes. The trout appetizer was to die for....the trout just melted in your mouth. The mains (lamb, sea bass, pork loin) were all wonderfully prepared with very interesting flavors. We all loved the desserts as well (rhubarb almond cake, pear linden flower custard, and devils food chocolate cake). They also provided wonderful carrot juice amuse bouche, grapefruit/avocado palet cleanser, and assortment of three after dessert small treats (mini macaroon, chocolate filled with passion fruit, and one other that was tasty). Finally, they sent us each home with a wrapped muffin for breakfast or a late night snack. The wait staff was prompt, friendly, attentive and helpful with details and recommendations. The wine list was extension yet with a wide range of prices.
We came here for a nice late lunch and they really made the experience so awesome that Maha and Mom came back again that same week.   We were starving and nothing says incredible service like a 3 minute wait and being whisked to a tavern table. We were served water and menus right away.  I settled on the mussels with chorizo while maha ordered the chicken soup and dumplings.  Mom did not feel compelled to order any of the appetizers so our concerned waiter suggested that the chef could whip together a carrot soup for her-which she did...which was AWESOME!  The mussels were briny and fresh, complemented perfectly by the meaty salty chorizo.  The beans were a little too plentiful but otherwise the dish was excellent.  Maha's soup was so comforting and Mom's carrot soup was incredible.  It was sweet with a touch of ginger, and no one would have thought they threw it together on the spot! For mains Mom and Maha had the grilled chicken, while I went for the flounder.  The chicken was succulent and juicy, and did not even need the au jus as not one bit was dry.  The flounder was perfectly cooked with a delicious spaghetti squash side.  YUM! Dessert was ricotta cheesecake and sorbet, and really the sorbet was some of the best I have ever had.  It is house made and you must not miss the grape.  The cheesecake was rich and decadent, and the apple pie our neighbors were having was equally impressive (looking). I will definitely be back for dining room dinner service, and im sure an upgrade to a 5!
I hadn't been here in a long time.  Why did I wait so long to come back?  We had a private room for my friend's surprise 50th birthday.  The room was beautiful and the staff serving were amazing.  The food was out of this world.  I started with a glass of the Colonel Taylor bourbon (100 proof)  which was incredibly smooth.  Then I had the smoked trout with cipollini pur'ee and pickled onions.  A mouthwatering delight.  I agree with Stephanie Y it melts in your mouth.  My only regret was that it was gone.  Next I had the roasted duck breast sliced, with quinoa, lentils, celery root and hazelnuts.  Everything blended together beautifully and I devoured it.  For dessert an Apple Tarte Tatin Bourbon Crème Anglaise and Butter Pecan Ice Cream  OMG I wanted a feed bag of this for the drive home.  This is a NY classic not to be missed and savored again and again.  Soup to nuts it's a true 5 star experience.
Lived up to our expectations. Excellent ambience and food. We went for the $120 and were very happy with it. Service was very good and friendly. For 2 $120 menus, 3 glasses of wine and some more alcoholic beverages at the end we paid $410 incl tip and tax. A decent deal for the experience we've had!
Wonderful meal, wonderful service, wonderful experience. I came here for dinner with someone who eats here regularly (a few times a week -- either solo or with clients). So our experience was probably slightly better than average because of that. Regardless, I thought the food was memorable, presentation lovely, and the service exceptionally professional. An overall lovely experience!
Don't think I can say anything that hasn't already been said.  Gramercy Tavern is a classic for a reason.  It's not just a meal.  It's an experience from the moment you walk in, get greeted warmly by the hostess and get seated.  When the dishes start arriving, everything from service to the actual food could not be better planned/executed.  I remember the peek toe crab as being just one of the most perfect combinations of sensations, the sweetness of the crab offset marvelously by the accompanying soup.  The wine list is appropriate for an establishment of this stature.  Bottles are opened as though they were long lost friends the sommelier is getting reaquainted with.  And my favorite part is always the muffin you get sent home with.   Some might find this too stuffy but this is the perfect place for that special dinner.
Would have probably given 3 stars if it wasn't so expensive to boot. I am obviously the outlier given all the stellar reviews, but just wasn't floored. My husband and I are probably "foodies" and would happily spend the NYC price for a good meal -- I took him here to celebrate a new job and was hoping for all the bells and whistles.. I will say, the service is fantastic. The food... is just OK. I had the vegetarian and hubby had the non veg prix fixe. Nothing to write home about.. in fact it was mediocre enough that it was easily and quickly forgettable. Except the service. If only the food was a little better...
I came here a while ago for lunch.  This is definitely a celeb hangout.  I saw Debra Messing at 1 table and Michael Douglas at a different table.   I had the lunch tasting.  The first 3 courses were absolute perfection.  Unfortunately the main course, which I believe was pork, fell short, as did the dessert which was some icy fruity thing.  Before the dessert came out the waitress asked us if we wanted to order another dessert, which I found annoying because this is supposed to be a 5 course lunch that includes a dessert.  It was as if she was warning us the dessert wouldn't be that good.  Despite that, I would definitely recommend the lunch deal anyway, since the first few courses were amazing and they probably changed the menu around anyway.
Get the Rick Ross it is amazing. I had two of these and I didn't even want to drink. Another amazing little surprise is their nuts. Yes, I said it their almond nuts with cayenne pepper. Absolutely addicting!
Just really great food. My wife and I lucked out when we headed there after apps at Veritas across the street ... we got right into the cafe, which is usually an hour wait! But the food is worth the wait, and the lovely bustle and high ceilings in the cafe area make for a festive atmosphere. Attentive wait staff without hovering, and the manager hit on my lovely bride while I was in the rest room (she's cute, I can't blame him). By "hit on", I mean, showed her charming attention that enhanced her experience. Helped make it an overall great food AND human encounter for both of us! We'll be going back, for sure.
So good.   Awesome, smart cheese selection.  Of course a great bar program too and the service is always on point.   Love me some GT
Simply phenomenal from the moment you walk in until the last lingering minute when you finally leave. The bar/tavern area can be very crowded, but somehow the bartenders manage to spot you right away and a well-made drink will be in your hand in no time. Don't want to stand around the bar? You can find a spot to stand anywhere in the general tavern area and the host will still find you when your table is ready. The dining room is large and appropriately lit, buzzing but not too loud, busy but still intimate. It has a very casual feel that makes you instantly feel comfortable and welcomed. The menu includes two tasting menus (one is vegetarian) or you can do a three course and choose from some impressive options. I am not a vegetarian, but I went for the vegetable tasting menu and thoroughly enjoyed every dish. Each was truly vegetable-focused- with seasonal tomatoes, summer squash, beans, carrots, eggplant, beets... all beautifully presented and combined with wonderful flavors and textures. It's a 5-star experience, notably because of the seamless service. I think no less than 6 different people interacted with us in some way, and everyone has impeccable timing and solid professionalism.
I have not been to the main restaurant, this review is for the a la carte bistro area. They serve a burger for lunch, which is really tasty. I would recommend it for sure. They also have a new sandwich each week, they seem to be pretty tasty. I've only had one of them so far, pastrami, which was mind blowing. The service is really nice too. They took a little long to bring our salads so they made up for it with free dessert which was also very good. Things go wrong sometimes, which is ok, so long as the restaurant recognizes it and makes it up to you.
After many years of yearning for the right occassion and opportunity to eat in the main dining room, I finally got to Gramercy Tavern on a recent milestone celebration with my girlfriend. We dutifully exactly 28 days before at 10 AM to get our table and rewarded with a wonderful table for two in a prime spot in one of the main dining rooms. For an appetizer, I had Lamb Pappardelle and for my main, sirloin and flat-iron steak that had been braised for 28 hours. Both were absolutely fantastic, but the portions were quite small especially considering the fact that flat-iron and sirloin are considered second-rate cuts of steak.  I still felt quite hungry after the main course and it took a massive desert, the chocolate/peanut butter semifredo to make me feel like I'd had a real meal. Perhaps sensing my disappointment or as a standard move, they offered us desert wines, which was a nice touch. Still, I didn't care for the fact that I was basically filled up on sweets for such an expensive prix fixe.   After the meal, I dutifully filled out the comment cards with my constructive criticism and did get a response in the mail a few weeks later from the chef. Still, though the service was good and the reply was a nice touch, the whole hospitality experience seemed mechanical and almost overtrained. The response was hand-written, but almost seemed like it was a form letter. Though I still hold GT in high regard, the prix fixe is probably overpriced. Stick with the casual front section and I think you'll get a better meal for less.
I had an absolutely fantastic time at Gramercy Tavern. The food was spectacular, the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, and the atmosphere was upscale without being pompous. Listen to the staff recommendations! I let them choose my entire meal and it was incredible. This is a rare example of a truly flawless dinner. I'd absolutely recommend it if you're in the city.
Business Dinner with 6 total people - 3 hours of fun and deliciousness.  I don't think there is a lot left to say other than this being on a NY bucket list of restaurants to attend.  Bar has great specialty cocktails, great wine list, pre-fixed dinner.  All great.  Service was great.  We had a couple food allergies so had to switch out portions of the pre-fixed.  My favorite courses - Lamb and Halibut....so delicious.
One of the best Farm to Table restaurant in NYC with reasonable price (bar). Highly recommended!!
I went for a late 2pm lunch on saturday and it was some of the best food I've ever had. I got the filet and it was better than any of those overpriced wood-panneled 'steakhouses' (I'm talking to you Capital Grille!). The ambiance was relaxed and pleasant. The waitress checked in regularly to make sure everything was perfect. And it was. And for the quality we got, the bill wasn't bad at all. From now on, I go to Gramercy Tavern as much as possible.
Went there last week. Likely one of my fave restaurants in NYC. I Outstanding staff and incredible food.
Excellent experience and Food. After sitting down in a beautiful dining room, I was somewhat concerned by the $100+ per person meals and limited selection, but after some great explanations from our smooth waiter, we ordered the Seasonal Tasting menu. Let me tell you, this food is ridiculously good. Food taste and quality were excellent. Presentation was spot on and the service matched. Would highly recommend if you are looking to fancy it up while in NYC.
Overview:  I live in San Jose, CA and came to NYC to try different restaurants and so far, this is the best one on my short 6-day visit.  Food was amazing, with different layers of deliciousness and texture.  The staff was awesomely friendly and accommodating.  This place is a must try for a foodie! Food:  I had the tasting menu: Lobster Salad, Ruby Red Shrimp, Halibut, Pork Bolognese, Roasted and Braised Beef/Pasture Raised Chicken & Sausage and Pear Custard/Baboon Lemon Sherbet.  My friend is allergic to certain nuts so they were very accommodating in letting us switch out the desserts from the 3-course menu.  I also am not a beef fan so they let me switch out the beef course to anything from the 3-course menu and I chose the Pasture Raised Chicken & Sausage.  We had the cheese puff amuse bouche to start the meal.  It was creamy and buttery (a great sign of what to come).  Then we had the Lobster Salad and it was layers of creamy delciousness.  All the ingredients complimented each other such that every bite had a unique experience.  And the surprise came when I bit into some roe that completed the whole experience of the first course.  Then, we moved onto the Ruby Red Shrimp and it was perfectly paired with brussels sprouts.  I normally eat brussels sprouts with bacon, but now I know it goes really well with shrimp too.  The Halibut dish was so creamy and melt-in-your-mouth good.   The caviar perfectly complimented the amount of saltiness to the creaminess of the fish.  That was my 2nd favorite dish of the night.  My favorite dish of the night was the Pork Bolognese.  It's a simple dish, which makes perfecting it the hardest.  The handmade pasta was made perfectly!  I was sad when I didn't proportion my pasta to the sauce properly.  It left me crying for more!  I can eat a whole bowl of this!  Then, I ended my savory adventure with the Pasture Raised Chicken & Sausage over polenta.  I usually don't like polenta, but it gave the chicken and sausage a good creamy compliment.  The chicken was really tender and it really melted in my mouth.  It was a perfect savory ending.  For the final course, I had the Pear Custard.  The pear sorbet was comprised of the essence of pear (peary goodness) and the custard was like a creme brulee (so good!).  Tiny cubes and pear and crumbled sugar and caramel topped off the custard and sorbet.  It was the perfect balance of sweetness and not too sweet.  And just when I thought we were done, there were a bunch of petit fours that were served.  I had to order another pot of tea to go with the additional desserts.  And they gave us a coffee cake as a parting gift.  The tasting menu was an amazing adventure.  It's a must try for all foodies. Place:   The restaurant is in the Flat Iron district along with other well known restaurants.  It's pretty big with bar in the front.  I think it's a good balance between "old-school" charm and modern setting.  There are candles everywhere so it's pretty romantic, but not so dark such that you can't see what you're eating. Service:   The service was exceptional!  The wait staff was really friendly and accommodating.  We called in advanced to inform them of our allergies and food preferences.  They were very accommodating to allow us to switch out certain courses.  We had a great time.  The night was great, except there was a couple that sat next to us that annoyed my friend and I because one of them kept customizing her entire order.  There is really only 2 types of dinner you can have: the 3-course meal that has a variety of choices or the tasting menu that they let you substitute out if you really don't prefer a particular meal.  The person next to us literally changed out everything she ordered not because she was allergic.  It was because she didn't want to eat a lot of things.  I'm not even sure why she was there.  But the staff handled them well.  They always had a smile on their faces and they kept going into the kitchen to see how they can accommodate their needs.  So even though I didn't consider myself very picky or needy, I can see that the staff at Gramercy are very accommodating and patient. Overall:  I highly recommend this place to any foodie.  The food is just amazing and the staff is super friendly.  I asked about the cookbook "Gramercy Tavern" after the first few courses and my waiter described how this cookbook came to be.  I was so impressed with the food and the effort that the chef Michael Anthony put into his food and cookbook, I had to get it!  I can't wait to try some recipes.
First off, I never take the time to write reviews for great restaurants but this is an exception. I was only in NYC for one day for an interview and decided to tried the famed Gramercy Tavern. The dining room was booked for lunch, but there was a last minute cancelation so I got lucky. I decided to go with the 5 course tasting menu because I thought it would be more of an "experience." I can't boast enough about the quality of service and food at this establishment. They brought out extra courses and wine with my meal and were always very attentive to my needs. Gramercy Tavern not only provides one with a superb meal but an ultimate dining experience. If you are in New York visiting and can't decide between the thousands  and thousands of restaurants at your disposal, this restaurant will always be a great choice.
This was a pity vote, and it mostly stems from the service.  GT has been around forever, and isn't going anywhere for good reason.  It's a wonderful restaurant.  But I have to say I've been there a few times and have more often than not found my meals to be just a little lacking. That said, the food in general is very good, and the service is the best you'll ever find, anywhere - NY or otherwise.  I suggest eating in the outer area by the bar instead of the dining room which is a little stuff for my taste.  But either way GT is a classic and deserves credit for that.
Reviews by Dan T and Rick B (and others like them) are spot on. The decor is lovely and warm, and the service is very attentive and technically strong (although lacking in true hospitality). The food, however, is lackluster at best. We had the Seasonal Tasting Menu, and there wasn't a single item that blew us away. Each item was just good, not great, and that's just not good enough for a restaurant with this type of reputation. Additionally, while one would expect small portions in a tasting menu, the portions were so ridiculously small that it really borders on the absurd. It appears that the Gramercy Tavern is taking advantage of its reputation, and perhaps there are enough folks out there non-discerning enough to challenge it, that they are now simply taking advantage of their customers. Such a shame.
Wonderful experience from the moment one enters until one leaves.  Beautifully and tastefully decorated (no - you can't eat flower arrangements but nonetheless it sets an ambiance).  I've only dined in the outside area along the bar and only a few times for lunch but the food is delightful.  Duck liver mousse is out of this world.  Just thinking about it is a pleasure.  Service top notch.  All in all, there is a reason this place is so popular - it is well deserved.
Gramercy was a complete dining experience; the dining room was very comfortable, the service was friendly and helpful, and the food was outstanding.   My friend and I went there for lunch and each ordered two dishes and a dessert.  My first course, the smoked trout, was a revelation.  Each mouthful was so delicious and fresh that I just wanted to keep eating it.  The dish was beautifully presented with bright purple edible flowers and green and yellow purees.   My lamb entree was very good and tasted strongly and purely of lamb, the way it should be.  The portions were very generous, maybe too generous because I could only handle half of my lamb.  My friend's halibut, though, was a bit overcooked.  For dessert, I had the rhubarb brown butter cake with strawberry rhubarb sorbet, which was good, but not one of the most amazing desserts I've had.   Throughout the meal, the service was outstanding.  The environment was not pretentious at all and was warm and inviting.  I would definitely like to try Gramercy for dinner!
Great spot for a slow lunch. Certainly not cheap, but relatively affordable. The open kitchen is a nice touch, and the front bar room is a good option for a discounted dining experience.
What a fantastic experience we had here. The place has been on my bucket list for a while because I'm a Danny Meyer fan, and we couldn't have been more pleased. The food was delicious, every course a standout. And the staff was so helpful and attentive; we wanted for absolutely nothing all evening. The somm Juliette was so friendly and made fabulous recommendations without a bit of pretentiousness. Our server was outstanding and pleasant; he surprised us with their best desserts at the end which really made the night even better. I can't say enough great things about this place; it lived up to every expectation and more!!
Gramercy Tavern is a classic in my book. It is the best form of fine dining, elevated food without elevated pretension. The servers are helpful and not condescending or smug as you can sometimes feel belittled or unappreciated at comparable establishments like Daniel or Jean George. I mean no slight to these other great quality restaurants but they can feel a bit stuffy. At Gramercy Tavern you will be treated to great warm severs and excellently crafted cuisine. The fall specialty cocktails are great(I am a sucker for the concord crush) and the trout if available should not be skipped.
SURPRISE! Happy birthday, babe. : ] So this year, I decided to treat the boyfriend to Gramercy for dinner. I was a bit apprehensive about it because of our experience at Per Se last year but there was nothing to worry about! The atmosphere is completely different; much more relaxed, warm, welcoming and lively. Glancing at the menu, we leaned toward the tasting menu but I was thinking "eh? warm CABBAGE salad? idk..." I asked the server how the salad was, his reply? "It's AMAZING"  And so, we went for it, with the boyfriend substituting the veal for the very aged rare steak. I'm very picky with wines because I still don't like how they taste. The server's wine recommendation was great though. I loved the Leitz Riesling! Food was de-li-cious. The scallops and veal were very good. Boyfriend loved his aged steak. The smoked trout was by far the best thing I've ever tasted in my life. Perfect presentation, all the flavors worked very well together. The lobster soup was just okay though. That cabbage salad I was worried about? Love, love, loved it. Chocolate dessert, very sweet, and came with "Happy Birthday, William" written on it. I didn't want the cheesecake really, because they tend to be so sweet. Their cheesecake is perfect; light, creamy, not too sweet and just the right portion. Service was excellent; water glasses never less than half full, attentive but not overly so, and very helpful. Everyone was wonderful and they flowed as if they were performing a dance. Best part of all, I never felt as if I was out of place. It was a perfect experience and well worth the money. We'll definitely be back. See you soon, smoked trout! I miss you.
This place was really, really good...yeah it ain't cheap, but it's worth it! Great wait staff, super freindly host, excellent wine list, perfectly prepared dishes...go! you'll be glad you did! Have the pork belly.. off the hook! they have a cheaper menu if you sit in the bar area.
My job takes me to NYC quite often, so every time I find myself in the city, I like to try new places.  I had recently dined at the Modern, one of Danny Meyer's other establishments, and was very impressed, so I decided to give the Gramercy Tavern a go. The space is split between the 'tavern' and the 'dining room'.  If possible, choose the dining room.  The decor is truly rustic with warm colors and rich wood.  It is very quaint and has a real 'homey' feel too it.  The menu is short, but you should be able to find a meal to appease most pallets.  My party chose the 3 course menu.  The lobster papardelle and the roast lamb are the way to go here.  Both delectable.  The service was fantastic.  The servers are very knowledgeable and buzzing around happy to answer any questions you may have with the menu, wine, pairings etc. Bottom line, trust Danny Meyer.  He knows what he's doing.
As of today, I've been to Gramercy Tavern only twice, and yet it is one of my absolute favorites.  The food is simple and delicious, which may be due to the fact that there is nothing pretentious or overworked.  It is straightforward and yummy.  Definitely a place not to be missed!
I've been hearing about this soup and sandwich special for a while now and if I can just say, its one of the best deals around. Their soup is usually the same, I forgot what type of soup it was. I think the bartender said that it is usually the same soup but it was AWESOMELY good! And their sandwiches were so delicious and huge. There are apparently three kinds of sandwiches that go on rotation: turkey, pastrami and I think it was roast beef(?) One can always call to check which one. I had the turkey that day but I cant wait to come back! That 14 dollar lunch special is the best. I was so full, I was even thinking of taking home the other half of the sandwich, but I realized it wouldnt be as good if it waited.
Great fun, good food, cozy atmosphere, considerate servers and not as bad on the wallet as I expected ($217 + tip = $250). Everything we ordered was simple, and tasteful. The scallops were not fantastic - but then everything else more than made up for it. We really enjoyed our time.
