On my way to visit my parents, bringing a used record player in tow, I realized last minute that it needs a new needle cartridge. I called around and this place was very helpful in looking up the model and type of turntable I had and made sure they had a needle in stock. The store was a little out of my way but I was glad I stopped by. Most small record stores I have been to do not have much of a variety when it comes to new music on vinyl but I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and found everything from Bright eyes and Elliot smith to lady gaga and vampire weekend. Inevitably I left the store with a lot more then just a new needle and was very happy I did so.
Darkside is the newest record store/art gallery in Poughkeepsie. I'm not sure how many other record store/art gallery combos there are in the area, but Darkside's off to a great start. Tons of CDs (included some harder to find titles that your local Best Buy won't be getting in anytime soon) AND vinyl records (old and new, singles and LPs) all at awesome prices. I was there last night for their big opening and gallery reveal and picked up 3 CDs that I had been looking for for a while. I had my eye on a whole bunch others, so another trip is in store shortly. The staff were all very friendly, and good tunes were playing the whole time I was there. But it doesn't stop at the music....Darkside also has on display a ton of art from  some great local artists (most are for sale, also). They plan on having on new shows each month, so repeat visits are recommended. It's cool to have a place like Darkside nearby so I don't have to trek down to NYC to shop at a record store that has such a great selection of good (and sometimes rare) music.  I'll be making it a regular stop for my music buying.
Pretty cool store. I was impressed because the vinyl was actually organized fairly well. Decent prices, not like some spots in Manhattan with inflated prices on desirable lps from the 60's and 70's. Very friendly staff. They keep an inventory in their computer so you can just ask away for titles and they'll pull them up if they are in stock. Whenever I'm upstate I'll be sure to stop by here.
Best record store in the Hudson Valley! Excellent selection of new and used vinyl, both albums and 45s.
This is the Go To! spot for cool music in the area. I never leave this place empty handed.  Very well organized with a great diversity of music.  Big vinyl section if you're collector too.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  They even have a small seating area to check out their selection of music books and magazines.   A definite must for any music lover - and worth the trip too as you'll find yourself hanging out there for  quite a while.
I was visiting from out of town and found this shop through Yelp. When I walked in, they were playing Modest Mouse, so they kind of had me at hello. I bought a bunch of records - Blonde Redhead, Neutral Milk Hotel, Iron and Wine, Mumford and Sons and Ray Lamontagne. The records were well organized, although I did not venture over to the bargain bins due to lack of time. If I ever find myself in the area again, I will definitely be stopping in.
As a couple old-school punks into our 4th decade of service to the planet, my boyfriend and I of course had to make a pilgrimage to Darkside Records during a recent trip to Poughkeepsie. The store is located on a strip in a part of Poughkeepsie that seems to have seen better days. But that just makes it more punk rock, yes? [In no way did we feel unsafe or anything so no worries about the location. I live in a city (DC) that is considered dangerous and the area around Darkside didn't strike me as unsafe at all.] The store is large, well-lit, and highly organized. They sell new and used vinyl and cassettes, a small selection of books, t-shirts, turntables, and some original art mounted on the wall. We visited on a recent Sunday afternoon; the store was busy with one guy working behind the counter. He was very nice, helpful, and knowledgible about the stock in the store. Prices are reasonable and the selection quite large. Poughkeepsie seems to have a vibrant indie music scene that Darkside appears to be very plugged into. I suggest that the store consider having in-store performances if they haven't begun doing so already. Support your local independent record store and keep buying vinyl, peoples! And visit Darkside!
