What a special place and a special night of music. It was too bad I had already eaten because the food looked great too. I wasn't sure what to expect on my first visit due to the nature of a small town feel. I would like to say this place is a diamond in the rough, but after spending a little time in the town and the great hospitality, this place is a diamond amongst diamonds.   I am very encouraged to return for another great show. I donated money for the musicians and I suggest everyone should pitch in what they can. It's about an hour and a half ride up 87 or the Taconic parkway from NYC and considering I can spend two hours driving a half a mile in the city, it's worth the trip!
The four star rating is only for the really great music, beautiful space, and amazing view! However, the food REALLY sucked and was VERY expensive. My friend and I both hated our meals so much, that we were unable to eat them. I was disappointed that the wait staff didn't mention anything or ask how our meals were when they took away our completely full plates and we turned down taking the rest to go. So lets just say, for strictly drinks, music, and ambiance,  this place is great. Just make sure you grab a sandwich before you head here.
Love this place!  Went there two years in a row for my husband's birthday and the live music is always wonderful and the service great!  The bartender was so friendly too and even though they have a regular crowd, they are great about being friendly to the newbies like us, so we felt really comfortable and are looking forward to going back more often!
The food was delicious, the service was great, and the view is beautiful. I definitely recommend this place!
Excellent food, great service! Went for brunch on Easter Sunday..music was fantastic..swing music and even some frank Sinatra. It was a little loud for my liking but not intolerable. Would not recommend going here with a hang over although the Timbucktu is what's up!
Go for the music, forget the overpriced food. $12 for 12 mussels and 2 baby clams, I had to ask for bread to dip in the sauce. We waited half an hour for this appetizer to arrive. The angus beef sandwich was overcooked roast beef on a ciabatta roll with fries for $17. The wife loved her $22 salmon, she said there just wasn't enough of it. I  got tired of trying to flag down waiters, "I need a fork, where's my appetizer, can I get another drink," by the time my cold decaf arrived, I gave up. App, the 2 dinners, one wine, seltzers, a dessert and 2 cold coffees, $90+ with tip, plus a donation to the musicians.
A great venue that supports independent artists via the art displayed and entertainment. The performance space has a beautiful Hudson Valley feel (lots of exposed wood) and great acoustics and the building is adjacent to an active stream resulting from a waterfall. Their donation policy is an appropriate alternative to a cover charge; $20 suggested. The kitchen offers a good selection of variety at a moderate price. I highly recommend the house drink "Over The Falls" A great venue for a night out with family or friends or for a date. Help support living artists!
Amazing music and amazing food. I was there to hear the wonderful Julian Lage Group and was pleasantly surprised by the food.  I liked that they have New York brews on the menu.  I enjoyed it very much. They have live music 3 to 4 nights a week and love that some of the shows have opening acts that feature younger or less known musicians. There is NO COVER CHARGE, but you donate as much as you can.  The acoustic of the hall is wonderful. Please visit The Falcon if you are close by!
Jerk chicken quesadilla won't soon be forgotten. The cinnamon!! Margarita is 1st class. Staff are sweet. I am excited to play now!
This is one of the best musical venues in the Hudson Valley, no doubt.   Very nice large hall with wooden beams and accents, impressive photo gallery on the walls, great acoustics, sound system, great food at reasonable prices, and Tony Falco has some of the biggest names in jazz appearing regularly.  The policy at the door is unique: suggested $20 donation, but everyone is welcome no matter what the size of the donation!  I strongly suggest everyone give this place a try.  Tony has worked tirelessly to give musicians a comfortable platform, and audiences the chance to hear and see groups that they would otherwise have to drive to NYC to experience!
We have been here twice for the brunch, live music and outdoor view and we really like this place. The menu is limited but creative and everything I have tried is good. The first time we had brunch here there was a farmers maket out front. This totally sold us and we were told that they would be there every Sunday. We went back a couple of weekends later with some friends whom we talked it up to, so we were disappointed when they were not there. I asked the waitress what happened and we were told that the farmers market people decided it was not profitable enough for them. This is not the restaurants fault but it was still disappointing. Now, the reason I am giving The Falcon 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because of the 10% added to our bill for the band. We totally would want to give money for the band but no where on the menu does it state that it would be added to your bill. So if you have never eaten there before, you get your check with that 10% already added to it. There should be a suggested donation or at least a warning on the menu or by the waitresses. It's misleading. Since this was our second time it was no longer a surprise to us, but we forgot to mention it to the 6 people we invited. And they were not pleased. Again, it's not the amount that was upsetting, it was that you don't find out until you receive your check that left a bad taste in our mouth. My boyfriend and I are still a fan and will be back, but until they make sure that customers are told about this extra fee either on the menu or verbally, this review will remain a 4 star one.
This is a great place for music but the food has gone down hill and is very expensive, the wait staff is no where to be found and if you want something you have to chase them down. Good music crappy food and wait staff.
The Falcon is a wonderful place to go out for a night of classy musical entertainment.  Lots of fun - and they always have extremely talented musical artists there.  There's no cover, but they do ask that you leave a donation which goes toward the main band/performer of the night.  Mostly Jazz & Blues, but I've seen some other stuff mixed in there.  There is a full bar with friendly staff throughout the place.  It's not huge, but they can fit a lot of people in there the way they have it set up.  There are a few rows in the front for people not interested in tables/eating, who only want to watch the performance.  Then there are tables farther back & on the sides...all front-facing seats.  I've seen big groups get together at this place (a group of about 20 once - but I was surprised they were able to fit it!) There are also rotating collections of artwork displayed on the walls, which are up for sale, as well as enjoyment. Falcon has a small menu with some appetizers/sandwiches/desserts.  About a year and a half ago they changed the menu a lot, and unfortunately I was more of a fan of the old menu.  The food is still good and not too pricey, though. CON:  Something that I was really upset about (as were a bunch of my friends) was the way you are mislead to think that your donation is going to ALL of the entertainers.  Throughout the night, the owner says hello to the audience as a whole and reminds/asks you to make your donation which goes to "all of these entertainers...they all work so hard & have families to feed...they all travel out here to perform, so remember to make a donation."  It's true the donation goes to performers - but not ALL of them.  Sometimes, I liked the opening band a lot more than the main band, and left a larger donation figuring it would get divvied up accordingly.  The last time I was there (almost a year ago), I was really upset to find out that the donation only goes to the main band & that the opener is not getting paid at all.  I think it's very unfair & sometimes, like I said - the openers are more enjoyable than the main acts.  They do sell CDs often & so they make $ off of that, but it should be specified that this is their only income for the night.  People might be more open to buying the music.  This eye-opener is what has actually kept us from going back for a while - though, I'd like to return, I was just really turned off. They now have a Sunday brunch which I'd like to check out, also. Update 9/7/11:  Just went back to this place again tonight.  Had the Handmade fusilli w/ Local Corn, Prawn, Chili, Basil & Baby Tomato Ragout.  It was DELICIOUS!  Worth mentioning that this place also uses local ingredients & has some vegetarian dishes.
Let me start off with the good points. I loved the space, open, rustic, beautiful. We had great seats for the show, and I liked the vibe. Our server was extremely knowledgeable, pleasant and attentive. I ordered a short rib potato nacho that sounded delicious- homemade potato chips, short rib, gorgonzola cheese, caramelized onions, etc....What I actually received was a plate of potato chips, with a VERY meager amount of toppings. I had maybe 5 chips with something on them-the remaining 30+ chips were naked. This was totally unsatisfying and terribly disappointing. They had a very decent beer list, I had the  local Mother's milk out of Keegan Ale's in Kingston. My boyfriend had the burger which at $18 was mediocre at best. I will go back, but I will be more careful when ordering.
What a warm room for great food and music!  The sound is amazing and Tony has top notch music on a consistent basis. Make sure you tell your friends so we can keep supporting great musicians.
pricy, but food is wonderful, great artists performing all the time, awesome night outs.
