I've been here for dinner and it was nice enough, but let's be honest, most people aren't coming here for dinner so let's get right to the juicy stuff. I have been here a handful of times to dance and party. I have had a good time here. I love dancing and there are lots of people who actually come to DANCE (not just grind on each other). The drinks are okay, the bartenders are cute, and the music isn't totally awful. When I come here during school vacations, aka when the college crowd is out of town, I have a much better time than during the school year. Going here can be an eye rolling experience. Lots of young kids with fake IDs getting twisted, and stupid, and obnoxious. The bar gets crammed and there are lots of drunk chicks spilling their drinks on you, and young bros awkwardly trying to pick you up ("Sorry kiddo, you're about 7 years too young for me," gets said a lot.) It's all about expectations. If you're ok with getting grinded up on by a bunch of spun sweaty college kiddies, that what you'll get. If you don't, either skip this one, or come 'off-season.'
Their Grey Goose is most certainly not GG. It's my vodka of choice wherever I go, so I know when I've been duped. Stay classy Mahoney's. Stay classy.
I'm not from the area but this place has such a reputation that I insisted on finding out what all the fuss is about. We went on a Saturday night, so the place was full of all kinds of bros, which was to be expected. It's super packed, the bouncers are kind of douchey, and most of the crowd isn't really a crowd you'd want to meet up with the next day.
My fiancée and I got off the Amtrak right next to this bar and decided to get a drink and some food while waiting for our ride. The doorman was so rude! He was impatient while my girl looked for her ID and then was roughly ripping through everything in my backpack (I had nice clothes packed for a wedding) and scolded me for having a splash of liquid left in a vitamin water bottle. We grabbed our things and decided to wait outside instead without any food or drinks- that's how rude this guy was! I would never even consider going to this place again.
This is the second time I have gone to Mahoneys and been incredibly disappointed all around. I was there twice with big football games on-  once they had tons of TV trouble, with games going in and out, and the second time they turned the sound off. The bartenders are generally inattentive, and seem more interested in hanging out with one another and flirting than actually talking to customers and making drinks. There was one standout bartender, a guy who actually had a personality and seemed interested in keeping customers happy. I've worked in bars, I get how friendly the staff becomes, but customers shouldn't feel like the outsiders to their clique. The beer selection is boring, the food is nothing special, so they should find a way to make people want to return. I know I won't be.
Food that we actually had served to us was good. However the kitchen messed up 4 out of the 13 orders thAt were placed for our party of 13. Appetizers forgotten, allergy requests forgotten. Dinners coming out all over the place, to wrong tables, wrong items, waited over an hour for our food Nd still some items didn't come out.The waitress was very apologetic and I truly felt bad for her, but, she also should have checked things before they reached the table. Not sure if it because we sat outside, but if your establishment has outdoor seating, you have to be able to accommodate it. Our table and the two other tables around us, all were just laughing, because you really couldn't do anything but laugh. The owner came out and apologized. I hope they get the staff together in a meeting to be able to work better together, or they are going to dissolve this mans business.
This place is ok . The two star rating is because the food is great and the place it's self is nice . The service lacks tremendously. Been here countless times, it's usually because I'm out in Poughkeepsie with some friends and end up getting dragged to this place .  During dinner hours this place isn't that bad . After dinner hours the place seems to be packed with trashy people and anyone under the age of 23 looking to get drunk for what seems the first time .  The bartenders usually seemed bothered by you ordering a drink . The bouncers are your typical juiced up ,gym all day bounce all night professional bouncer type . They sit and wait to pounce on people and use excessive force just about anytime they get a chance . I've seen them choke women out I've seen them knock out people who can barley stand up as it is , probably because they were over served to that point. I've  seen them kneel on peoples throats that are half there size because they didn't like something someone said to them . The place is basically a boxing ring after 12:00 and the bouncers usually win by KO. Probably the trashiest place Poughkeepsie has to offer which is a shame because of its location it's a first impression for a lot of people coming off of the train . Don't get me wrong . A place like this that gets packed out probably past it's legal limit every Friday and Saturday probably is not the most fun for a bouncer but there are professional ways to handle unruly guests and I've personally have never seen any professionalism from one bouncer there . Ask around you'll have a hard time finding someone who disagrees .
Went on a Monday night at 6:30. Service was slow even though we were the only ones in the bar area.  Bartenders clustered in a corner and cranked up the juke box while I sat with my two children trying to eat dinner- RIGHT NEXT TO IT! RUDE! Plates were placed in front of us and told to "enjoy your meal" and there wasn't any silverware or napkins in site.  Didn't bother to ask for salt & pepper.
Tipical Irish-American american food. Not my first choice considering the restaurant across the street with a water front view. Great hospitality and courteous staff.  I would recommend the crab cake, mazarella sticks and red fox tortilla for starters.  There is no water view, instead a train station view...if you like trains.
Bangers and mash is awesome. ......but the service is supper slow.. The drinks are nice and the trivia is cool
Was here Tuesday night this week (today is Thursday).  I get the feeling this is a better bar than a restaurant.  I would give it 3 stars but there is so much competition in this town at this price point.  When you charge this much for a fish & chips, you need to offer another level of service above the family restaurant down the street with a $10 fish & chips.   The Good:  The food was good.  Fries could be better actually, they were not Irish pub fries.  I've had English chips lots of times in England, + the Belgium variant, etc. These are acceptable American French fries.  If you want this place to pop - fix up your 'chips' to the proper level.  The decor and fixtures were fairly nice, befitting a bar in an old train station.   the Bad: the service.  Honestly, this was terrible.  I had to try hard for several minutes to get attention to get vinegar for the fries.  Same deal to get a water refill.  Having a check split out among business-dinner colleagues seemed to be a problem: then she only brought 1 pen (4 cards)!  One of these issues is trivial, but all the little things were off.  The $10 family restaurant down the street brings 4 little trays, 4 pens, and they love you - want you to come back.  Maybe the girl has never waited tables before?  If so then how come the 2 guys working the floor were not around more to make sure people got served?  This place doesn't care if you come back, and it shows.
I think this place is highly over-rated.  I know it's the hot spot for Marist students and all that but, it's just a bar.  Not a great one in my opinion.  I've been here 4 times and it's always TOO crowded.  Most of the NYC clubs I've frequented back in the day were never packed like this.  It takes a while to get a drink here and the atmosphere just doesn't relax me.   There is a weird dress code here as well.  I couldn't walk in with my trademark Polo visor on, but every guy in there has a baseball cap?  Maybe if my visor said "Bud Light" or "Corona"...who knows?  Maybe my year-round tan had something to do with it?  My wife doesn't even like it here and if we both don't like a particular bar, that says SOMETHING...believe me.  My bars and her bars are a different animal all together... If you enjoy a little bit of class and being able to hear every word in a conversation, don't be here... P.S.  My old boss's husband is in a well-known local band.  They met with one of the owners and had a meeting to play there about 4 years ago.  The owner said, and I quote "I hope you don't play any of that n*gger music."  Funny being that one of the guys in the band is BLACK and standing there trying not to strangle that guy...nuff said.
Disappointingly, this place has nothing to do with Police Academy. However, it is located right next to the Poughkeepsie train station, and that's almost the same thing. As one might expect from an Irish Pub, you can get yourself a decently-priced pint of Smithwick's or Guinness, and all sorts of Irish eats including shepherd's pie, corned beef and cabbage, surprisingly tasty soda bread and cheddar ale soup. If none of that appeals to you, the menu is large (although not as affordable as you might expect), and they do make a cheap, decent burger, great fries, and a huge portion of fish & chips (although the skin wasn't quite crispy enough for my taste). Somehow I don't think I'd want to be here on a Saturday night (let alone St. Paddy's Day), but for a late lunch before getting on a train back to the city? Not bad at all.
Restaurant: The food used to be decent, not so much anymore, bad service. Bar: Always packed, meat heads with an agenda to fight and cause bodily harm. Terrible music. Alternative Recommendation: Stay home.
DISCLAIMER: I am reviewing Mahoney's Pub, not restaurant. 2 Words. Meat Market. If you are into creeps grilling you while you wait for a drink, walk down the stairs, or wait for the bathroom. GO FOR IT! Every time I end up there, it is because one of my guy friends wants to "get tail," and I end up rip-roaring drunk just so I can stand myself for ending up there. The bands aren't bad.. But the sound quality definitely is. The building itself is actually quite nice, and with 2 floors, it gives you options of slightly different scenes. It's too bad that on a typical Friday or Saturday night, both scenes are grody.
One toke over the line, sweet Jesus, one toke over the line Sittin' downtown in a railway station, one toke over the line Waitin' for the train that goes home, sweet Mary Hoping that the train is on time Sittin' downtown in a railway station, one toke over the line We weren't one toke over the line, but certainly one martini over the line- as we watched our train pull out of the Poughkeepsie station without us. We decided to delay our return to the big city, after a peaceful weekend camping, and treat ourselves to some cocktails al fresco (nice patio, with smoking permitted) and a nice dinner. We were definitely pulled in by the super cheerful irish bartender- and the surf and turf special, which we could split: A large slab of NY Strip served with crispy fried shrimp (the mister's favorite thing lately). The house salads were crisp and fresh, smothered in steakhouse dressings. The entree arrived already divided between two dinner plates- with some delicious sides. They have this house potato casserole to die for: rich cheeses baked with shredded potato (what diet?)... fresh steamed veggies.. and a monstrous sized baked potato. The tender steak was of the highest quality- and simply grilled up without any detectable marinade or fancy prep- letting the rich meaty flavors to bloom. After the meal- and a few more cocktails and glasses of Pinot Noir- we were set for an in-transit food coma aboard Metro North, come to our city. Mahoney's is a fine enough reason to take the later train at Poughkeepsie Rail. More at phoebot.com
Ohh Mahoney's what the fuck happened to you? You used to be such a nice little Irish Pub to grab a drink right next to the Poughkeepsie Train Station. This past Thursday night after rushing to catch a standing room only MetroNorth train out of Grand Central all we wanted was to sit down for a few minutes, relax and have a couple drinks. Instead we are forced into the basement where a herd of drunken Jersey Shore wannabe douche-bags are dancing to a DJ blasting noise so ear splittingly loud it is incomprehensible. This trip was literally the shortest amount of time I have ever spent in a bar from the time I walked in, realized it sucked and hustled the fuck out. Please go back to what you used to be. A nice pub, with decent music, serving good food and drinks. Leave the ghetto shit for the rest of the shitty bars that infest Poughkeepsie.
"I've been here before... when I was..." "21" Answered the bartender and I in unison. "Yeah." I'm 32 now, by the way. That's the funny part about that dialog. I came here on a Sunday night. It wasn't too crowded, but there was a nice glow emanating from the bar. I love bars that have almost everything you can imagine, especially those that have an island of liquor bottles in the middle. It's like the bar in Cheers, where everyone knows your name and the Bartender is friendly and talks to you as if you've been coming there for years. I ordered a Magners. They had it. This was gonna be good. -Magners Irish Cider -Jamesons 12, neat -Jamesons neat. -Baileys on the rocks, for my companion. Options are always good. But too many can cloud your judgement. The bartender read me well and saw what my palette for the night was. Although I enjoy a range of fare and drink, I'm mostly confined to Wines, Single & Double Malts, Triple Distilled, good Vodkas and Tequilas. I try not to go beyond that route- I know what works for me. The bar was a good place to chat, surprisingly. It was intimate and dark. It had all the right elements for relaxation, or for a night of bar hopping. The dark and intimate level was high and you can find yourself walking freely around the bar. We wandered outside, towards the back and sat down. The cool night breeze wafted by the area and you can hear laughter echoing off the concrete street in this quiet town. Cool spot.
Long story short, friend was denied entry on a Friday afternoon due to his white Tommy Hilfiger polo shirt not being acceptable attire. Door woman said it was because his shirt was white. We thought it was a joke, but they were serious. Will spend my $ elsewhere.
It's a weird sensation.  You're sitting at the bar, and you're listening to the band on stage.  You sip your beer and listen to the soothing sounds of the band.  They are Four Dogs Playing Poker and they really like to perform live shows.  As their second Gin Blossoms cover ends, the short, but powerful front man steps down off the kick drum and looks out into the crowd.  He says, "Oh fuck yes..." and trails off.  He wanders the stage area for a few minutes and then puts on a black cowboy hat.  The band knows that this is the sign to start up a Greenday cover.  Which they do with terrifying intensity.   As the band plays on you take another sip of your $2 Miller Lite and lean back in your chair.  This was a hard work week.  You had to open the shop early on Thursday and you worked doubles on Tuesday and Wednesday.  But now it's Friday and your week is done.  Maybe you'll relax on the boat all day Saturday.  Or have a barbecue with some friends.   But then it all hits you.  This isn't your life.  Something feels off.  You remember now.  You live in New York City, not Poughkeepsie.  You work in the Arts and Entertainment industry.  You don't own your own shop or a boat.   For those brief minutes, you were lost in the moment.   What you have just read is an account of what it's like to hang out at this bar.  It has such a warming, hometown feeling to it, I completely forgot who I was or what I was doing there.  It makes you want to grab your little lady and move out of the city.  Settle down someplace quiet and open a diner.   Eh.  Not for me, not just yet.  However the train goes right to this bar basically and I do recommend this place for a nice Saturday afternoon trek up North.   Unlike Victor L., I did enjoy the cheddar ale soup.  The nachos were not perfect, but hey.  The waitress was friendly and it was cool to sit outside.   As a side note, I was indeed there while a band called Four Dogs Playing Poker played a show.  All of that stuff was real.  The "Oh fuck yes" and the cowboy hat intro.  It was hilarious.  But they did play some pretty memorable songs.  Not all great songs, but songs where when you first hear it you go, "Oh yeah, this song."  So that was cool.   They also have a nice outdoor patio area in the back that faces the Hudson river.  All very, very cool.   I wish I was there right now instead of work.
I was there for a graduation luncheon and somehow got in between the owners issue with a restaurant next door.  Thank God I got to my car before the meat head towed me.   Wow, these guys actually do recon on anyone parked in the parking lot next door (notice old guy in white truck) and if you go into Mahoneys they call the flatbed! They do this on purpose because the local business folks actually hate each other. What a way to spoil the fun.  They actually towed several cars while I was there. Really nasty way to treat out of town folks. The Mahoneys chicken was ok but then we all got kicked out of the party room because the idiot restaurant owner called the building department on the owner of Mahoneys on Saturday at 4pm we all had to leave.  Really messed up way to run business in Poughkeepsie . Won't be back there every again!
Can't beat the Irish pub in the train station. As i matured into the amazing young man that now yelps beside you, i was tempted to sneak into locations such as this. It was not to be, but on my glorious 21stI ventured off in search of this elusive unicorn. I entered the establishment waiting to be carded, i was not. I journeyed down the staircase to the dance floor and bar. I was greeted by the red hair vixen that loaded me with Irish car bombs, patron shots, and killians. The lethal combination made for an interesting adventure on this Karaoke night. Sweet Home Alabama will never again be stripped to. It was a true adventure. stop by and see a cowboy or two, by a round and sing a song.
I ended up in Poughkeepsie on a Saturday night about a month ago stopped by Mahoney's for some late night drinks. I didn't get the chance to sample any food here so I can't comment on that but my bar experience was definitely fun! So, Mahoney's must have been some sort of brewery or factory or something at one point so the building is pretty interesting. I am definitely a sucker for bars/restaurants in refurbished buildings so bonus points for that! The rest of the bar is pretty much your standard. Two floors, 2 (maybe 3?) bars and a nice size stage for live music. There was a live band that was decent, they played the average old variety of cover songs that seemed to get everyone singing along. The crowd was okay and I didn't have trouble getting drinks at the bar which is a huge deal for me. I mean, don't you just hate it when you go to the bar and have to wait 20mins for a drink? Anyway, this bar deserves a solid three star review. The prices are cheap, the building is nice, the music was okay. If I am ever back in Poughkeepsie, I would stop by again for sure.
Mahoney's....I could take it or leave it. I've been numerous times for dinner as well as late night festivities, St. Patty's Day, parties...all of it and I knew the owners so I got some extra perks. With that being said I'm just not impressed. I think the food is mediocre, nothing spectacular, nothing fancy. I know it's "pub fare" but you can make pub food really bomb, unfortunately Mahoney's just blew up. Late night I'm not a fan, the crowd is a bit older (I'm 28 years old and I'm saying this). The music is OK but usually way too low for the area. If you like grinding with 40 year olds and having beer spilled all over you and your feet sticking to the floor, go for it. That's all I will say about that.
I received a phone call today from the county health department to let me know they inspected the restaurant, found a can of bug spray, and threw it away. I feel comfortable giving 3 stars based upon the friendly bar service and the potential this place has.
Throwing in the same disclaimer other Yelpers only reviewing the restaurant. I don't seek out Mahoney's but the meals I have had here were good, the service good as well. Stereotypical Irish pub menu, great location if you missed your train.
This is a place i can say .... DEPENDING ON WHAT YOU LOOKING FOR YOU WILL GET IT . Nice basic food not suppose to be a 5 star restaurant . You will be happy with the food as long as you not looking for 5 star food. The service is great i think even when it is really busy. There is a asian young lady i fell in love with she caters to you like you are within a five star spot. She makes sure you are comfortable and happy with your service without being too much. if you want music there is a great band and the lead has jokes ..... Not being racial but i am a mixed race  gentleman and although it is a more so Caucasian  bar they make you feel welcomed and i think that is real nice and a reason to go there.
Oh this place. Ask Andrew J. about it, and he'll tell you about 4 Dogs Playing Poker playing covers of some top tunes. If you are taking a mini-trip for the weekend to Poughkeepsie and can successfully avoid what our waitress called "terrible" Marist crowd, go here for a pint or a quick bite before being on your way. You can see it from the train station. In fact, the plaza it's in shares the parking lot with the train station. This place, although I only took a peek in, once was enough to really get a kick out of the layout. There's a patio/walk that spans the entirety of the small plaza, which has an ice cream store and other stuff. Mahoney's is on the end, with a few really nice tables to sit and ponder over Newcastle. Inside, you walk in and notice there's two floors. The top one has a huge hole in it, or if you'd like to think of it as a cul de sac or circular hall space, whatever. Downstairs is a huge hall-type restaurant with plenty of tables and i'm sure lots of beer stains. But it's a clean, elegant place, let's not get raunchy/idolizing. The food isn't that great, or at least we shouldn't have ordered nachos at a self-proclaimed Irish pub. I wanted to have the fish 'n chips but my wallet said no, so anywho, we all got the cheddar ale soup. I still tasted the alcohol, and it was a bit watered down. The menu really is quite standard, but they have 3 Irish/Irish-American dishes that probably are better tasting. I think the best thing about this was the 4.50 pint of Newcastle, my friend Pat enjoyed his Killians (which Andrew berated him about) for 3.50, and the nachos were at least really plentiful. No wait. The best was our waitress. She was incredibly pretty in a kind of tall pixie way, and she was really cool. I'd like to get a drink with her, because the first thing out of her mouth were questions about us; it made us feel really welcome, and it's rare but for me I don't mind it at all, a little banter in a pub is exactly what is supposed to happen. Le Bernadin maybe not, but a pub indeed. Our waitress actually spoke her mind, she was really frank in a witty way about her opinion about the Marist crowd nearby (she hated them and though that they were a bit shallow, which she expanded her theory on fashion majors and business majors, all while in a really soft-spoken and well thought manner which was really engaging), and told us that she was putting herself through nursing school. On a dead Saturday afternoon at 1, it was a nice break from the city.
I have never been here for the food or during the afternoon.  The only reason I ever find myself here is if we honestly have NOTHING BETTER TO DO ON A FRIDAY/ SATURDAY NIGHT. This happens often in the Hudson Valley and is probably the only reason why this place exists. It's interesting, a previous reviewer who does not reside in the area made it seem as though Mahoney's is some sort of great neighborhood bar. Sure, you will see some older folks here, especially the types looking for younger women (and when I say "looking for," I really mean "ogling down their shirts"), but the weekend crowd tends to consist of mainly college age kids dancing, chilling, or being douchebags. Don't be fooled by the lack of Yankee caps in the bar (sometimes a typical sign of douche), they make you take your hat off at the door. Be aware. The cover bands are quite frequent and absolutely love to play the most terrible radio rock, but I don't give a shit as long as it gets the crowd going. And there's nothing like a sloppy rendition of "Crazy Bitch" to get the Poughkeepsie crowd rocking. Oh well. If they allowed hats I might come more often, but they don't. Therefore Darby's tends to be the choice.
Saturday early evening... bartenders acted like the patrons were a bother... they spent a great deal of time clustered in a corner chatting.  They were very good at avoiding eye contact. I'm giving 2 stars because the music was great and the tv's were plentiful. Perhaps the owner could do some customer service training for the bartenders...
An adequate restaurant to tie a few on while waiting for the train. It is located in what was formerly known as "Dooley Square" in Poughkeepsie right next to the amtrack/MTA station and I assuming train riders are their primary customers. I was there around 2:30pm and we sat out on the patio (its loud when the train pull in put otherwise pleasant) and when I came back at 1am there appears to be some type of disco going on inside and it was packed. We ordered a plate of calamari that was frozen, but not too chewy and had a really nice pepper taste to it and the marinara was surprisingly spicy. My dad and I liked it. We also got a couple of Sam Oktoberfest (not the greatest pairing, but hey Sam October is only around for so long so I have to take advantage of it while its here).  I do have to note: what exactly is "Irish" about calamari? The hostess and server were pleasant, quick, and appropriately attentive. Nothing mind-blowing put an adequate place to kill an hour while waiting for the next train.
Been here, one thing I noticed us all the bartenders are slow , rude and have attitudes.  Only been here on the weekends at night so it might be that.  maybe they would get tipped more if they did their job and lose the tudes.
Bigger, prettier, drunker, and dance-ier than any Irish pub I've ever been to.  Very "college bar" meets "neighborhood bar I go to with my dad for a beer" meets "music scene."  Kind of like Cafe Wha? in the 'burbs, with newer music. Great for people watching and cheap!
Irish Pubs whether in Ireland or anywhere in the world are among my favourite places in the world and this one is a good one. Its lingua franca is its good selection of Irish beers and Mahoney's speaks to me loudly. Even the food is good. I order the cheddar ale soup, which is consistently good and the bangers and mash, which always fills me up beyond full. But it is a good beyond full. The sausage changes with each visit but consistency does not The service, whilst slow, is very attentive. And you can't beat the location hard by the Poughkeepsie train station with which it shares a car park. Basically you come off the train and straight to your lunch or dinner
*NOTE* I am only reviewing the restaurant. The bar, is its own and I think its fairly covered here. I went on sunday with my bf for dinner. It was definitely very good, ordered the cheddar ale soup, awesome! For dinner I ordered the 18oz T-bone. I had no idea it was going to be as large as my head!! It was cooked perfectly, just the right amount of flavor. Served with Mahoney's 'house potatoes' shredded potatoes and cheddar *YUM* and a side of veggies cooked with a slight crunch, how veggies should be cooked! My bf ordered the sirloin, said it was good, I didn't taste it I had my own dinner to tackle! They definitely give you more than enough food, well worth the 25$ steak. I'd go here for dinner again on a sunday night or some other day deemed 'quiet'
First thing I love is the location, right near the Hudson in a really beautiful building literally right in the train stations parking lot.  The inside is just as nice, very upscale.  The menu is great and I went with wings as a starter and then the Celtic Burger which had Ireland's own Cheddar Cheese and Irish Bacon. The wings where great.  I really want to know how they cook them because as you can see in the picture they were char burnt.  Perfectly cooked, crispy and juicy.  The sauce is tasty as well, there are no heat choices but the regular buffalo flavor had a decent spice to them.  The price was also great, a choice of 10 or 20...the 20 was $11.99, can't beat that. One major problem we had was there was a feather in one of the wings (LOL) yes a feather. It was hard to get passed that but I did and kept eating.  The blue cheese was also good, very chunky, just the way I like it. I'm hoping the feather thing was a one time thing, just something that was missed by the chickens distributor, who knows, I'm going to have to deduct a bit from their score however. Celtic Burger- amazing. Thats all I need to say about that.  Very big and thick, great portion of bacon, great cheese, very sharp.  The frys were also extremely good. My gf had a buffalo chicken sandwhich that was also good. This really was a great restaurant all in all. Great atmosphere and location. Wings were cooked uniquely and they were very tasty
Ohh Mahoneys! There are 2 very different sides to Mahoneys -- On the weekends, it's currently known as a definite for "singles" trying to hook up - aka a bunch of creepy old guys and a lot of horny Marist kids, yikes. Fun for after-hours when you're too drunk to care but otherwise, ehh. A LOT of fun when Phillip the Meatbox is playing live though! Food is good! Pub fair as usual, but done well. Also, good for a drink before getting on the train down to the city. Comparable to city prices though for drinks which is slightly silly, but I guess understandable considering the location.
Quick stop.  Great Irish pub.  The building and furnishings are gorgeous and the menu was what you'd expect. The first thing the waitress asked was what kind of shot we'd like (haha). I had the Bangers and Mash, which exceeded my expectations and was delicious.  The prices seemed a tad high for pub fare though. It's supposed to be a great place to go out late and drink/party.
Nice bartending staff, perfect Guinness pour... MR burger was cooked perfectly. Fries were hot and L/T/P were cold... People kept coming and going while it was pouring outside. The hardwood floors got very wet so keep your eyes peeled - I bet it's worse during the snow. Food & beverages are more than enough to return for.
My group of friends dub this bar by another, less flattering, name, but for whatever reason it seems like the most happening place in Poughkeepsie after midnight. The food is okay, the beer selection is fair, and the atmosphere is definitely night and day depending on the time you go. One thing I like, though, is that, on most nights, the crowd varies. Typically it's packed with college kids and post-college kids, but you can find adults here, too. Sadly, the bar service depends on who you get your drinks from. Half of them don't even remember you if you tip them well. The usual crowd is almost always the same, but if you're just looking to go out dancing with drinks, you should have a fun time here.
Paid Mahoney's a visit on Saturday night and wasn't greeted with a warm welcome! A group of us had originally wanted to go to Union Square for the night but after getting a late start to the night we were faced with a huge line outside Union so we decided to head to Mahoney's instead. Now Mahoney's and I have a long history since I spent most of my Friday and Saturday nights, in my earlier 20's, partying here with a group of friends so I'm not new to the scene. I have also worked in the industry for the last 15 years and have a degree in Hospitality Management, so I'm aware of the good and the bad in the business. So enough with the background information...We arrive to Mahoney's around 11:45pm and are glad to see there isn't a line so myself and 2 other girlfriends head to the door while the guys in our group park. We are greeted (although I wouldn't say a warm, glad you're here to spend money, thanks for coming kind of greeting) by a bouncer who must pride himself on hitting the gym twice a day (atta boy) asked for our ID's in a bothersome tone.  Okay, I get it you deal with idiots all night and safety is your number one priority especially with the unfortunate events that took place here a few months back, but seriously no need for the tude buddy I just got done with work myself dealing with drunken idiots!! I'm not some young teenager looking to get in, I'm not drunk and falling over trying to come in the door, and we did say "Hi, how are you?" when we approached you, so what's the deal? After very professionally checking my friends ID the lovely gentlemen said "there's a cover!!" in again, a bothersome tone. So trying to still be personable with Mr. IHATEMYJOB, I give him my ID and say "Oh is there a band tonight?" (because I don't ever remember Mahoney's charging a cover, but I did have a few blackout nights here...please no judging) his oh so warm pleasant self mumbled "Yeah Bosco and the Storm." He proceeded to check the last ID and never said "have a nice night, have fun tonight ladies, NOTHING!" After that lovely transaction we head through the door to be met by another bouncer with a hand held metal detector who proceeds to motion to us he needs to wave his magic wand over our purses but apparently has been working all night (it's 11:50 at this point) and can't speak, lost his voice, or hates his job too. If this were my first time coming to this bar I would never come back! As a Veteran to this place I guess I'm not surprised as it seems like the overall consensus is "We are THE Mahoney's, we are one of the leading bars in Poughkeepsie, and our customers are a dime a dozen!" I'm not singling this particular security staff out because this kind of interaction is similar to numerous other times I've been here. As a fellow employee of the industry...you need to actually want to make your customers feel welcome and that doesn't only apply to the bartenders and wait staff that's the ENTIRE STAFF! The feeling shouldn't be bothersome, intimidating, and unwelcoming when approaching the establishment. As the first person I see whomever it is, in this case being the bouncer/security personnel, put a smile on your face and be happy you have customers willing to spend money and as the old saying goes "the first impression is a lasting impression!"
had the cranberry and blue cheese salad with blackened chicken added.  It was terrific.  Enjoyed a couple well poured Guinness too.  Bartender was friendly and efficient.
Lame!  Crowded with annoying people.
First time i visited this place,i thought it was ghetto and decided i would never go there again.What can i say?I have been to this place atleats 7times by now and might go again.  It is located next to the train station and is always filled with crazy happy people and amazing live bands.the fsecond floor has a normal seating area nad the first floor has a bar and the live band performs there.The live bands play in the weekends till 2 am and the Dj starts from 2am to 4am!The bands keep changing and it always gets better.I have danced to a number of bands and seen a great combination of people from old to yound and everyone seems to love this place and the ambience at first isn't very interesting,but trust me if you visit this place 2nd time,you would be a regular customer :)  It is a good place to come in the weekends to sit and listen to music,or to get crazy and dance the night away.A perfect example to prove that "first impression is the best impression" is just a myth :) -Smriti
Fun Irish pub with a decent beer selection. They have a lot of beers on tap and of a good happy hour. Food is decent but nothing to write the parents about. Basically, it is a gem for people waiting for train.
We went for lunch recently, the burgers were pretty decent. The waitress was a bit uninformed--what beer was on tap, menu items, etc...but she was very nice. Everything was good food wise. As I mentioned we just had burgers but they were generous in size and cooked to temperature perfectly. The only thing I could not get over was the ambiance--I am well aware of the night crowds here and it seemed as if they were doing all of their cleaning from the party the previous night. It was almost like they were surprised to see lunch guests. All in all a fine lunch, just not dying to go back.
Went to this bar with about 50+ family members during a family reunion. The bar went from 5 people to about 60 in a matter of minutes. The staff kept everyones drinks filled and we all had a great time.
I stopped in  for lunch after getting my haircut. I ordered a French dip sandwich.  How can you screw up a French dip you might ask? Well you cut up some roast beef, slap some cheese on it a microwave it until the cheese melts. The problem is that the roast beef becomes so rubbery it isn't edible. How about putting under a burner or something. It was pretty bad.
Went here for dinner, had a cup of the cheddar ale soup and a flank steak sandwich.  Wish we could have stayed longer, it seemed like hundreds of cute boys were coming in as we were leaving!
I mostly go here for a few drinks.  Tried the burger one time and a grilled chicken sandwich the other time.  Food is average, nothing special, but gets the job done.  The bar staff is friendly and timely.  Overall a good hangout joint.  One down-side to this place is the bar area downstairs always smells like rotten beer.  I think they have a bit of an odor problem which might put diners off, but its ok if you're just having some drinks.  There is a small outdoor area as well which is nice.  On the busy nights Thr/Fri/Sat it can get very crowded and VERY VERY loud.  I mean music level to the point of where you can't even communicate with sign language.  Its that loud.  I was literally screaming my drink order at the bar tenders who were leaning over the bar and 3 inches from me.
I have been to this place several times. I generally like going there. It has a nice feel to it. Since the last time I had been there they have added this obnoxious boxing machine by the bar. Ironically about two nights before I happened to be watching a "bar rescue" show on the TV and the "bar guru" said that a boxing machine in a bar is one the worst things you can have...in a bar!! While I am trying to eat my food and watch a little bit of a sports show, there is a guy that is whaling on the machine every five seconds. It sounds like you are in a war zone. I could only imagine if there was more than one person there participating. They might be thinking it will attract customers...but what type of customer would that be? It will only encourage raging testosterone customers. Is that what you want in your bar? I hope that someone from this place reads these reviews and will tell me WHEN they are taking that machine out. WHEN they take it out, I will be back!!
Terribly rude bar staff.   I have never experienced anything like it ... Pretty sure they actually promote bar fights in this place.   Both times i've been there after 11pm I have been knocked over by meatheads fighting.   Not a safe place to be ... Not worth it.
This place sucks, don't waste your time. It's really crowded with annoying frat boys who don't move out of your way no matter how many times you try. Plus it takes about 7 hours to get a damn beer.Not the bartenders fault, it's that the crowd is REALLY STUPID.
Meh I went here sober for the first time last night and was not impressed. Ive been here hundreds of times when I was between the ages of 19 -22 and those were always a fun time filled with disturbing visuals of 40 year olds grinding on drunk 21 year old marist girls.  I usually would leave covered in beer and seeing double. Not my scene anymore. pretty grimey and disgusting.
Great atmosphere! The building was the original part of the train station. The food was just perfect!
big industrial pub scene.  food was mediocre.
Food is average and service is ok on the restaurant side. The bar side of it gets too busy at times and fills up with feat boys and underage kids very quickly. Even though they have a small bar upstairs and a large bar downstairs, it still takes forever to get a drink. The other problem I have with this bar is the music is WAY too loud for the size of the place. I don't mind loud music but the volume combined with the bad acoustics make it so you can't have a conversation anywhere on the lower level.
