Definitely had a good time. Some tips: Get an early reservation. The later you are, the longer the lines. We had an 8:15 reservation and didn't get out of there until 11:30. If you get a scream pass, you do get to skip these lines. Wear comfortable shoes and a warm coat. There's a lot of walking on uneven ground. There's also a lot of standing around idly. Ladies, this is not the place for high heels and leggings. Leave your belongings in the car. The parking lot has about fifteen cops so you won't have to worry about any break ins. I brought my purse with me and really regretted it. Eat before you go. We were starving and smelling all of the food didn't help. Obviously if you get off the line, you'll lose your spot. Go with a small group. So many people say to go with a big group, but it's less scary that way. Ideally, you wouldn't want any more than 4 people.
I came to the Headless Horseman on Saturday 10/18 , we had tickets for the 945 time slot unfortunately we arrived a little late at 955 but after seeing the lines they were pretty crazy it didn't look like it would have made a difference if we had arrived on time or even a little earlier. Parking was pretty quick. once that was done you get on line & they asked that one person from your party get the tickets for everyone  while the rest make the line to get in & though security seems fair & a good way to keep things moving. once pass security inside you have a few places to shop, buy food & there is a stand up show for those killing time before their schedule ticket time. First up is the Hay ride , I swear this took forever !! we arrived at 10 after the lines outside & the lines waiting for the hay ride by the time we got on the hay ride it was midnight holy mother of crap ...way to long long to be standing around. There are characters dressed up walking around & entertaining you good way to kill some time they also have music playing. There was this one guy walking around with live worms & if you gave him a dollar he said he would eat some & he sure did so gross & even more gross was when he broke out the huge roach from his pocket people gave him money & surely enough he ate that too ....eeeuuuu pretty gross to see up close but definitely made the wait time a hell of a lot more entertaining. The hay ride itself was fun , lots to watch out for definitely some parts catch u off guard & can scare you. After this you had the motel  crazy stuff lurking around , the corn maze was spooky there's one stage after another the whole thing was actually pretty cool, I wouldn't say it was "scary" but it certainly had it's moments. I defiantly enjoyed the Headless Horseman himself making an appearance. This is a pretty fun attraction to come check out they put a lot of work into all the stages the characters lurking around some get you pretty good , really creepy when some follow u around since the expressions & gestures they make are dead on. After this was all set & done , I had to try some of the Deadly Donuts the smell alone was making me nuts ... they were delicious freshly made right there nice & warm oh my goodness cinnamon sugar heaven. Over all this was a lot of fun , my only complain was the crazy lines & wait time but lets face it this is something you should expect & overall was not bad I would definitely come back.
Headless Horseman was good. The hayride was okay I just wished there were more actors then those special effects puppets or whatever it is you call what they use. Haunted Houses were fun. I just feel like I wasnt scared enough lol They're pretty strict about carrying cellphones and cameras lol so I wouldnt suggest even taking out your phone
I went to the Headless Horseman Haunted House on Saturday, October 11th and had an amazing time.  It's a two hour drive from New York City - straight drive on I-87. The trip was worth it.  I didn't do my research before purchasing my ticket - so I really didn't know what to expect. I was very impressed.  They did an amazing job with everything. Dedication and effort seen throughout the place.  First you must park your car then get on a school bus to take you to the actual location (3min) ride.  There are lines everywhere - did I say there are lines everywhere! It's very organized and the stuff does an excellent job! The hay ride was okay.  The haunted houses were so much fun!!!  We seriously had a ball! I would definitely go again!  Laugh, scream and run from the actors! We had tickets for the 8:15pm wave and didn't leave the location until 11:30pm.  Well worth the wait! Everyone works extremely hard and they deliver! I really enjoyed it!
This was our first time to Headless Horseman on 10/12/14, we purchased our tickets online as suggested.  We drove 2 hours from NJ & stayed overnight in Kingston NY.  Overall it was good BUT one BIG disappointment is we could NOT bring a small point & shoot camera inside!!!  We were told by a police officer outside the entrance to put the camera back in the car or our camera would be confiscated & we could be ejected!  There was also a sign posted to a tree as you walk in to get your tickets.  There were certain areas set up specifically for photos on the grounds so we did not understand why our camera was prohibited?!  We did not understand how cellphones with photo capability were allowed but a regular camera could not be brought in?  Many guests were taking pictures throughout the property.  Would not return the Penitentiary in Phila was better!
So much fun! We have been 2 years in a row. We have traveled all over to "haunted events" around the country and this is definitely one of the best. It's a 3 hour drive for us to attend and that still doesn't keep us away, what more can I say? The only "issue" I have is that even if you reserve your tickets in advance online they still make you wait in line when you get there to exchange your reservation for a ticket. If only people who already purchased could skip the line it would be perfect. Once you finally get in it does move quickly and you can do the whole thing in less than 3 hours. We will be back again.
This is one of the best haunted houses I've ever been to.  We went there for the first time in October of 2013 and can't wait to go back again this year.  The place is huge and is broken down into numerous sections.  Each section has separate haunted attractions, which makes it more organized.  The lines in this place are huge (as they draw thousands of people per night), but everything is organized and the lines flow at a steady pace.  The tickets run for different times to help control the crowds.  They have everything down to a science.  They also have snack bars with all of the fall foods and beverages (i.e., apple cider, cider donuts, etc.).  The haunted attractions are top notch. They pay very close attention to details and the actors (mostly college age kids) seem to really enjoy their jobs.
As having attended this in 1998 and then again in 2005, 2012 and then working for 2013 and the upcoming 2014 season, I can safely say this haunt has grown over the years. It's had it's up and downs in terms of flare and dramatic scares that have wowed customers from around the country. I've seen people complain about time, ticket prices, long lines, weather, yadda yadda yadda, but the bigger the haunt, the longer the wait and also many line actors to entertain those customers. Pros: There are handfuls of enthusiastic actors that work at this haunt. The line actors (i.e. - actors wondering the property), actors on the trail (i.e. - actors you see while on the hayride), and the ones that work in the houses that get the loudest screams tend to be with the actors who who work the hardest every season. These actors try to put their heart and soul into scaring you. So if you loved to be scared, we LOVE YOU! Sets. Over the top is the best way to describe it. All the sets on the trail have been constructed from scratch by the crew at Headless Horseman. From the building itself to the details inside each one. If you want to have fun, look out into the town houses for details about the story. You'll be surprised by some of the trinkets they added. Same thing for the cars at the motel. The cars all line up with the rooms with cool stuff that original had to do with it. There is a hoarders truck that goes with the hoarders room, there is a prom queen that goes with the couples car, and so on. If you get a chance, check out each car, especially the delivery truck! One car even has a radio that is playing music! The garden. There is all these cool things to view near the stages and Dahlia Blood house (the last attraction there). From the little house to the big shoe, you can find some not so scary things to see while finishing up your night. Cons: If you want a horror movie experience, well, you may not get it at ANY haunt unless you go to one that is labeled "extreme" or "R Rated", meaning you have to 18+ and sign a waver allowing them to PHYSICALLY touch you and more. Headless Horseman Hayrides, isn't one of those haunts, actually most popular haunts don't have that, except most on the West coast. Doesn't mean that Headless Horseman is any less scarier, just means you won't be getting the top notch scares of a horror movie, you'll be getting the scares of a haunted attraction. Weather. It can get very muddy. So if it rained that day, don't wear your sunday best to this place, especially shoes you ADORE! They'll get ruined faster then you can yell, "NO!". Waiting on line. It sucks, it happens, It happens more if you show up at the time of your ticket and expect to be seated on the hayride right then. It won't happen. It never does. Always show up VERY early. Not 20 minutes, not an hour, TWO hours at minimum! Customers complain every year and yet they never come hours early. Just don't procrastinate and go early. It'll be worth it, Scream Pass or not. Advice for a great experience (I work at this haunt!): - If you attend this haunted attraction, make sure to show up TWO HOURS earlier than your ticket time. Columbus Day weekend is their most busiest time because of the holiday. So you'll get all the city folks attending in BUS LOADS and all the kids off from high school/college. You'll wait in line the most then, most times up to 2-3 hours if we get over 3,000+ people in 3 hours! It's happened and make sure to be prepared to stand on your feet. But make sure to look for line actors and ticket tackers don't mind talking to the customers. - You'll also wait longer as you get closer to Halloween. The best days to go is opening weekend and after Halloween. - If you have anyone in your group prone to physically hitting when getting scared, don't bring them, they will get escorted off property if they hit an actor/actress. - If you attend with a large group, be prepared for either to be split up or pushed through altogether. This will either do a few things: 1) make the sacred less scary because of too many people or 2) make it more scary because you have only 8-10 people in your group. - If you bring booze, drink booze there, or are taking drugs, you will most likely be escorted out of the line or out of the haunt. Last year an actor was literally punch din the throat because a customer was drinking and doing drugs. Also a group was terrorizing the horse, actors on the trail, and throng things. The entire group was removed after they were done with the hayride. This is why security is VERY hard on not allowing anything but yourself, wallet, and phones into this haunt. It's not just for your safety, but the actors. - Customers have fallen off the wagon due to not listening to the rules. This is because they JUMPED OFF, not slide off or walk off, but JUMPED off when they weren't suppose to do so. This caused a foot to get under a tire. So please do not jump off till they say it's okay lol
Scary! The experience was amazing. It started with the hay ride (flatbed attached to a tractor covered in hay) through haunted villages; people pop out at you, there are loud noises.  For a scardey cat like myself this was bare able. Then you're off to the mini haunted houses through the corn maze.  This is where it got extremely scary. I made it through all but one...and when I just broke (crying sadly...I am just not made for scary) I asked one of the actors to help me exit.  He broke character immediately, was caring and concerned. He walked my husband and I out of there while we waited for our friends to finish the houses.  Upon our exit we were escorted by a security guard who gave me his compassion but then told me he was thankful that I was so scared because it meant they were doing a great job. A great job is an understatement. The props, sets, actors, makeup, security, organization was perfect...quite the well oiled machine. On a scary scale it was 100...I probably won't go back not because it wasn't good, it was just too scary for me.  My friends and husband were okay, I was the only screamer. Haha so go and enjoy. Tips:  get there early because there will be a line, leave your cameras and even cell phones in the car (they check bags and don't want pictures taken), bring tissues in case you are a crier like me! Enjoy! Great job.  It's truly a great job! They have thought of everything....there's even no alcohol so it keeps the REAL crazies at bay! haha
I go here every year. It's about 2 hour drive from where I live. I love it and I continue to go but I do understand many of the negative reviews which is why I can only give it 3 stars. However after going for the past 7 years I've learned some things that help make this place extremely enjoyable. I'll share them with you - GO AS EARLY IN THE YEAR AS POSSIBLE!!!! The closer you get to Halloween the crazier it's going to be. I go every year on opening night. Not only are tickets discounted but the actors are all fresh and on their A game trying to impress. -GO AS EARLY IN THE DAY AS POSSIBLE!!!!!!! Look at the sunset for the day and buy your ticket for the first time slot after it is dark. The later the time, the larger the crowds get - ARRIVE A MILLION HOURS BEFORE YOUR ACTUAL TICKET TIME!!!! There is no such thing as being too early here. The reviews are all correct. If you have a 10:00pm ticket you're lucky if they've started calling 9:00pm  tickets when you get there. Solution? Arrive at least an hour earlier then your ticket time Headless Horseman tries to maximize their  profits as much as possible ( like any other business) so they overbook every time slot by a lot. They don;t have enough staff and attractions to support all of the tickets they sell so it slows things down quite I bit. Before I figured all of these tips out I WAS that person waiting in line for 2 hours for the hay ride and 45 minutes for each haunted house but follow those tips and you'll have pretty enjoyable experience.
I am genuinely confused by the negative reviews of this place. This is the best haunted house I have been to. Yes, it's expensive but once you're in, you realize why. There's a hayride and 3 separate haunted houses. That's a lot of elaborate props/actors. I'd say it's worth the price tag. I thought it was very well executed and the whole experience takes a long time. I noticed some people complained that it wasn't 'scary.' I'm sorry, I didn't realize haunted houses were supposed to scare anyone over the age of 12. They are supposed to be entertaining for adults and I thought they delivered. If by 'scary' you meant actors jumping out and surprising you....that totally went down. But I didn't 'piss my pants' because I am not a 5 or a 95 year old (or a pregnant woman). My only gripe was the fact that they thoroughly check you for weapons/booze. Had to chug my road soda. The tight security is probably a plus for most people though.
The worst part of our visit was the line to start out the night which was the Hayride itself. I don't know but they break it up into time sections and you still wait on line for almost 2 hours and all while it is freezing. They really need to get that under control. That alone kills the entire night for you. After the 2 hour wait to get onto the hayride, which is very well done, actors did their thing the night we went and at times were scary. The corn maze and haunted houses were set up really good, scary enough, exciting and almost made you forget about the 2 hour wait in line except by now, the cold has sunken through all the layers of clothing and flesh straight down to your bones... I'm gonna give it another try this October (2013), but if that wait in line is not fixed, it will be my last time attending.
SCARY AS HELL!! I would have to save this place is awesome! The way this place went all out, it was a bit pricy and a little far due to where I live Queens, Ny. It needs to be a little more organized when it comes to handling a wave of people, the "Scream Pass" is it necessary honestly if you don't mind being there for 3 hours then don't get it, if you want to go there and just go in and out then get it. There are 9 attractions that are there but I feel like they should make it into just 6 and not 9 because there's a part where they make you rip off sections 3-7 or something like that and it only felt like it was one lol, other than that this place is awesome I'm not going to spill the beans on what happens even though there's probably other Yelpers s doing that. The food is pretty good, your regular food truck, I asked them what they recommended to eat and it was suggested to get chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, hot dogs, philly cheese steak and nachos with cheese which looked amazing, I personally had all of them and sad to say it was all at the same time, well my girlfriend helped me out lol she'll kill me if she read this. Free-Parking-! Staff are really friendly! Another thing I realized, once when you first walk in there's a line for the people who purchased their tickets online then they need to make the link to pick up the tickets from the ticket booth, that was pretty lame in a way, because I realized the people who didn't buy tickets didn't have to make any line and just skipped like 80 people, BUT the only down fall by doing that is that might not be able to get your tickets if it's sold out by buying them online you reserve a spot. Rest-Rooms!!- porter potties that's what they are so BEWARE! And if it's raining lol beware as well because all the wet dirt gets on the floors on the porter potties and it looks like you know what lol yukk!! So just a heads up. Other than that!! This place is AWESOME, SCARY !! Let's put it like this my Girlfriend left her nail imprints on my arm couple days ago and it's still there lol
We visited Headless Horsemen early in October and it really got us into the spirit of Halloween. We're huge fans of Halloween and our night in Ulster was perfect. We've been to about a dozen Haunted Houses/Hayride in and around the tri-state area and this is one of the premier ones. If I had to recommend only one Haunted House per Halloween I would say go to either this one or Eastern State.
I love the Headless Horseman haunted houses, trail, and corn maze!!  I go every year, and it's so much fun!  I agree with Maria E. that I'm genuinely confused by all the negative reviews.   The ticket price is a bargain given how much you get for your money: at least 100 employees, crazy costumes, effects, a headless horseman (with a real beautiful black horse), explosions, cool effects, and so much more. My friends and I get scared and scream thoughout all the events.  It's both scary and hilarious!  We scream, we laugh, we scream, we laugh harder.. It's such a good time!  It's awesome to go with a group of people because hearing your friends scream like little girls is the best! :D   I highly recommend going (again and again and... I'm buying my tickets for next month and can't wait to go again!).
Lots of fun! My first time there and I'm looking forward to returning. Incredible detail with all the haunted houses! You felt like you were in a scene from some crazy horror movie. Decent food choices. Get the apple cider donuts! Buy tickets in advance online.
After a day of apple picking and wine tasting, we made our way to the headless horseman.  I'm not one to scare easily so I can't say anything to the "scare" factor of the place.  What I can say however is this is an incredibly well run operation unlike some other haunted houses I've been to.   We arrived around 5:30 PM, enough time for us to buy tickets, have dinner at the car and then make our way back to the line for the entrance.  Be aware that security is high with uniformed police officers at the entrance along with being wanded with a metal detector before being allowed entry.  Leave everything in your vehicle, no flashlights, knives, and if you're fortunate to have a NY State carry permit, your gun too.  They have ATMs on site but you're better off bringing cash, they don't accept any credit cards of any sort. upon our entry we made our way to the hayride, within 10 minutes we were on the tractor making the rounds.  I was quite impressed with the entire setup, driving along sitting down on the hay ride, we went through multiple villages where people jumped out at us, chainsaws going off, and of course, we saw the headless horseman.  I was pretty impressed with the money that went into building all of the sets and everything looked fantastic.  After you're done with the hay ride, you're immediately dropped off at the next haunted house and as soon as you clear one place, you're setup for the next haunted house.  I think that's a fantastic setup and the lines were very orderly since there was plenty of staff on hand to keep everyone in line. One of the strangest experiences of going through the haunted house was indeed the black vagina.  Basically it's pitch black, and you're walking through two black plastic sheets which I'm assuming is being blown together by two large fans.  As you're squeezing through this thing, be prepared to be grabbed and touched.  A little freaky but funny.  Obviously if you show fear on these things it amps up the actors and they'll chase you.  They didn't  get any reaction from me so I was left alone, although I will admit jumped when I touched a scarecrow trying to figure out whether it was fake or real......it was definitely real!   Headless Horseman wasn't cheap, but it was fun going through all of that and watching other people get freaked out.  The only complaint I would have is better spacing between groups going into the haunted houses and having more of the midway attractions along the way through your haunted houses.  Kind of sucks when you can only get vending machine items while you're going through the ride and can only purchase the more unique items after you're all done.  All in all a good place to get your scare on for Halloween.
The Headless Horseman lived up to my expectations as to number three in the nation, according to last year's hauntworld's poll. Not to mention the drive all the way from WA, D.C. to perk my curiousity about this place..'twas all worth it! Tip: Buy the tickets online and get the earlier times. I booked the 645pm hayride, and by the time I was there..there were people already jn line as batches. They don't call according to single time slots. I love their animatronics, and it is very well-organized. I would say though, that I liked the corn maze at Bates' better. They have food and gift shops, and an illusion show as well.
I introduced the idea of going to Headless horseman to my friends for the Halloween vibe. We bought the 7:15pm tickets but we plan to get their early to save us from long lines. It was all 6 of us super excited for the fun time. We arrive at 5:30 and there's only 5 people in the line. Parkings are free. My friends and I were taking pictures n just waiting. By 6:20pm, they started with the checking of bags for any weapons  and some minor pat downs. The lines were already long. The fun part was waiting for our turn to ride the hayride. Don't stay in the middle because your not going to get your money worth. Staying on the sides with your feet dangling gives you the thrill. There will be a gypsy tour guide telling you stories & takes  of each cards relating to the unfortunate events of each attractions.. There will be a lot of thrills, surprises, and animatronics that you will see. The actors are good as well. Maybe because its still early shifts. The gypsy drop us off to another stop. And this time there's another line where you will show your ticket again so better not loose your ticket.. From the start to the end it was fun! Walking in the corn maze to the butcher. At one point, one of my friends got so startled she slide down on the floor while attempting to get away with the scare actor. There are certain rooms where they mimic the ashy foggy environment and the old dusty thing which made my breathing difficult and made my eyes dry. So your unto 8&9 so be sure to surrender the 8 ticket. Watch out for the chainsaw guy at the exit ready to scare you. After this, you can roam around buy some snacks and refreshments. There is also an illusionist with cards that will play a trick to your eyes & mind while in line. There is magic show & tarot readings. We manage to take pictures with the scare crow and the guy holding a rat with a bowl of maggots. He dared to eat a maggot for a dollar. And yes he slowly ate one & chewed it like its a fillet mignon. Bring hand sanitizer since they don't have sinks. Be sure to wear sneakers. Don't wear flats like me because at the end of the night, my feet were all scratched up from being run over & step on by my friends. Carry a small sling bag for car keys, wallet & phones just in case Be early as u can. We have the 7:15 ticket and its more on who was in line first... I can't say much about the scream pass because my group were like one of the first few in lines.
I have NO idea why this is the biggest thing in Hudson Valley for Halloween.  The potential is always there, but the results are far from extraordinary.   First, you have to wait a LONG time.  The lines are out of control.  People are just wandering around in groups.  It's exactly as if you're in Night of The Living Dead.  Zombies meandering here are there. Second, RESERVATIONS are a bitch.  The phone line is useless.  It's pure luck if you get through.  If you have no reservations, you might as well shake it back home. Third, it's just not scary anymore.  There aren't enough actors to make it exciting.  After what you pulled out of your wallet, you should expect people making an effort to make you piss yourself.  You know that place is pulling in serious bank. The set pieces and overall design is great BUT that's it.  Sure you can take some great photos but the effort just isn't there.  Every year I gotta hear about how scary it is...the only thing scary is that people are paying this and leaving very unsatisfied.  Especially in this economy, they should really calm those prices down.
They are completely unorganized & unprofessional about their set-up.  Last year we tried to go & were told after waiting in a crowd (They don't actually have lines. Everyone groups around which means excessive line cutting & extra wait times for all) for about 2 hrs until the loudspeaker announced that they weren't letting in people without reservations. 3 hr drive for nothing. BUMMER. Skip to this past weekend. After spending the $73 to reserve our tickets to avoid the fiasco of the prior year & being charged a $5 fee PER PERSON in order to do so we were still required to wait in line for a hour in order to get tickets.  According to the website they recommend you to arrive 20 mins prior to your reservations.   THEY LIE! We arrived at 9:15 for a 10:04 hayride and because we were required to wait in line with walk-ins we didn't walk into the place until 10:15.  So what was the point of the reservations and the freaking service fee?  None that I could see.  Also they have a security point which requires you to remove everything from your pockets just like the freaking airport.  Why? No clue. I could have sworn Obama himself was inside because of the security. So we walk in late miffed until we found out that the times for the hayrides don't correspond with real world time.  They were only boarding people for the 9pm rides at 10:15. Ubermiffed! They eventually yelled our ride times out but the line/crowd/milling area was filled with people who were scheduled for ALL SORTS of times.  Also because they don't actually have real lines people were sort of milling around the main staging areas to just cut in front of us.  Also because I guess no one bothers with reservations b/c they are worthless (Its seems to be first come, first serve)  the guy in front of us made the entire line wait while he purchased 45 tickets!  I can't even blame him. He still would have had to wait in line either way! Needless to say we didn't get on the actual hayride until midnight! The hayrides are well done.  The props look awesome and they have a great atmosphere.  The actors could have done a better job though.  They seemed lacking and I guess tired from being there for hours. The haunted houses were really well designed but the actors were lacking there as well.  Also waiting 45 mins to 1 hr for each haunted house (3 of them) really had us wanted to leave at the end of the night. I'd like to say maybe if they get their shit together we'll go back, but we were so soured by the lack of organization that I doubt it. If someone from their reads this please take these hints: Hire more actors!  I know how much money you guys are taking in each night you are open so I know you can freaking afford it.  The cornfield was awesome except for the lack of actors in it. It was more of a stroll through a spooky cornfield as opposed to a haunted cornfield. Hire More security!  You need railguards or enforce lines since there are so many of them.  Having 200+ people mill around 4 tickets windows with no organization will scare people away who don't want to waste their time. Hire more phone people!  Why is your reservation phone number busy at 9am, 11am, 4pm and 10pm every day?! Do you not have call waiting? This is 2009!  If you are going to charge people EXTRA to use the BADLY needed, craptastic (crashed 4 times) website then you need to offer another avenue for people to try to give you money. Focus less on getting people to understand why you offer NO REFUND and focus more on helping solve peoples problems with your organization which is why they want refunds so vehemently!   I mean really! We signed 4 different vouchers to agree with your refund policy, but after we dealt with you we understand why people would ask for them.
I've heard that other years have been better... We ended up going on the last night because our original night was cancelled due to the weather.  Btw, I think their strict "no refund" policy is a little ridiculous, especially when tickets are SO expensive and there is a snow storm a week before Halloween and temperatures dropped below 50 degrees for the final show. The whole thing is outdoors, there are no space heaters and the whole process of  waiting on line and going through each attraction takes something like 3 hours. We were all freezing. This place definitely did NOT live up to the hype. We all assumed that the staff were slacking because it was the final show and they just wanted to get it over with.  And it was after Halloween. I get it. But I paid a lot of money for those tickets and drove an hour and a half to get there.  I expected better. The hay ride was actually pretty good. All 10 minutes of it. Definitely not worth the wait, though. I couldn't understand a word the "driver" was saying, but the ride itself wasn't bad.  The haunted houses (all 5 or 6 of them) were kind of a joke.  None of them were scary except the 2nd to last house.   Oh and the "corn maze" is not even a real maze. It's just a short path that's outlined for you in a tiny cornfield with like 2 people hiding to jump out and scare you. Really lame. And I also would like to complain about the staff. They stress the fact that you are not supposed to touch people. Fine. Great. I like that rule. I don't want to touch you and I don't want you to touch me. HOWEVER, when you are put in a pitch black room where you can barely see anything and there are props swinging in the air, instincts tell you to put out your hand in front of you so you don't fall/get hit in the face. My friend did so and accidentally touched a guy in costume (totally looked like a prop with a big white ball on his head) and they turned on the lights and these people jumped out and started screaming at him and threatening to kick us all out.  My friend apologized and told them he couldn't see and that it was an accident and these jerks still yelled and threatened! I will never waste my time, money, or gas on this place again. There are far better haunted attractions closer to home for me.
I'm sorry to say that the Headless Horseman Hayrides was almost a complete disappointment.  The main reason is very simple:  It's really not scary or entertaining at all, which I feel is the whole point of something like this. The costumes, props, and the layout are actually quite elaborate, but it does not all contribute to the fear or entertainment factors.  There are different haunted houses, a corn maze, a hayride, and scary sets, but they are almost all disgusting themed instead of scary.  For example, there is a slaughter house, so they hang up bloody pieces of pork made out of plastic.  Not sure how that is scary, since you can see that stuff in Chinatown almost every day.   Also, the corn maze was supposed to be the best part, but they apparently changed it so that it's not really a maze because you can't really get lost in it, the whole point of fear in a maze.  It's basically a one way walk way with corn growing on both sides.   The whole show actually employs a lot of people and actors who are hidden throughout.  As you walk by, they will try to jump out and scare you.  They usually try to scare the women and girls more, since they are easier to scare.  The actors or "zombies" there are also very short and whimpy looking.  I felt as if they would never try to scare the guys, because they're afraid to get reflex-punched.  So, if you're a big tall guy, you'll just end up walking around in the dark without much going on...so it's almost a bit boring. Because of that, the crowd tends to be more female and there area lot of teenagers.  It kinda reminds me of a more disgusting/scary version of Six Flags or any amusement park really.  In fact, it has the same feeling as one, since there are security guards almost at every corner ...  perhaps another reason why it doesn't really feel scary. My favorite part of the night was an overpriced bowl of apple crisp with ice cream...which was decent.  Another fun part was this thing that my observant friend called the "big black vagina", which is this narrow pathway that you walk through where the walls are black cloth and it pushes on you.  But I'm not sure how all that is supposed to be scary. I guess it's something fun to do if you're a teenager in Ulster County since I didn't see many malls or places you can hang out.  But, if you're going there as an adult or a guy, don't expect to be scared or whatever...or have a good time...I'm not sure it's the right place for that. In short, we drove 2 hours one way just to walk around in the dark and look at wimpy midget zombies.
Headless Horseman makes me sad.  Very, very sad.  And the reason is this: It could have been so much better, and it has so much potential that it just doesn't live up to for some very dumb reasons. I went to Headless Horseman last October - my boyfriend and I made an overnight trip out of it, driving from Boston to Ulster Park and booking a hotel for the night.  As recommended by the website for the attraction, we purchased our tickets far in advance.  That was our first mistake. Even when you purchase your tickets ahead of time, you'll be made to stand in a long, disorganized line to claim them and to choose your entry time.  After you've finished with that line there is another, longer line to stand in to actually get through the entry gates.  Even after pre-ordering tickets, it probably took us about 45 minutes to get in after we arrived in the parking lot. I was willing to forgive that, but then our scheduled hayride ended up leaving about 90 minutes after it was supposed to, making our total wait from the time we arrived until the time we entered the actual attraction close to 2 hours and 15 minutes.  It should be mentioned that as we waited for the hayride to begin, we were corralled in a quaint little "Halloweenland" type shopping area which kept us entertained for a bit, but the rude shouting of the staff over a loudpseaker instructing the patrons in this very overcrowded area to clear the center aisle kind of ruined the atmosphere.  Note to staff: it wouldn't be overcrowded and running late if you actually limited the number of people who can enter on any given night as your website claims you do. Here's where the 2nd star in my rating comes in: the attractions are very, very cool.  We loved the haunted hayride (probably the best-produced one we have ever been on), and the corn maze and the haunted house that follow it are stellar (and very creepy).  That's as much as I can comment on, though, because the power went out to the entire facility before we could enter the final two haunted houses.  The place shut down, and we were told by a police officer that the owner would allow anyone who hadn't gotten to see everything to come back another night and finish up the rest of the attraction.  The problem with this in our case was, of course, that we drove 3 hours to get there and didn't plan on returning that season.  Or, frankly, ever again. In summary: This place could be really awesome, honestly - but the rudeness of the staff and the flat-out horrendous organization and poor time-management we experienced completely ruined the entire thing for us.  Never.  Again.
Its become apparent that the Headless Horseman is now, moreso for profit than it is fun. Its also definitely not the #1 most haunted event in America. Case in point: I bought two 10:15 tickets for last night expecting to be in line for 10:15. Nope. At around 11PM they were still calling the 10PM reservations. Calling them to wait in another line to be allowed to wait in ANOTHER line for the hayride. Since this event is now so unorganized and to risk waiting an extra 2 hours past our reservation time, we bought two scream passes at an additional $25 each, allowing us to cut every line. Beneficial but annoying that they cant honor their reservation times. Once on the ride, its obvious they dont hire enough actors, you can barely hear what they are saying and the ride narrator is so unenthusiastic. People were laughing because of how lame it was.   The maze and houses literally had all of five actors throughout. You can tell their just not that into it. I used to love coming here and like I said, its become too big for its own good. Save your money and time and try something different, its just not that good anymore. Conclusion: Not worth the time and money.
What a joke (but then again, which haunted house isn't?) My girlfriend had been going on and on about how she's been going to this place for years, so we went... It's about a 2 hour drive to get there from the city. We were running late and literally made it there with 5 minutes to spare. Once you get in after being checked for weapons, cameras, alcohol, you go on a line to wait for a hayride. The hayride is pretty bad. There is a host/ess talking to the group on a speaker, but I couldn't understand what ours was saying. The only redeeming quality of  this place is that you get a pretty long visit (compare it to Nightmare Haunted House, which ends up being an hour on the line, 15 minutes inside). This place gives you a solid hour: hayride, corn maze, and several haunted houses. Also, they have a bunch of people and some decent props. The bad part is that you don't really get scared. Seriously, the scariest parts were the putrid portapotties and the groups of staff guys wearing 'police' uniforms (not sure if real cops). This place is only really worth it if you have nothing else to do, live nearby, and have $40 to burn.
Went to the Headless Horseman for the first time this past winter and my wife & I were completely disappointed! We heard nothing but great things about this place so we were dying to try it out.  We learned quickly that the reservation system is terrible because even though you buy your tickets online they still make you wait on very long lines, for hours, just for your tickets that you purchased in advance.  It would have been better if they had a dedicated window to care for pre-purchased tickets. Once inside it's not very obvious but you begin the tour by boarding the Hayride which was cool but could have used more "live" characters. Overall the costumes and setups were really nice but the attractions could have had more live performers. Smaller groups should be allowed in each attraction instead of a constant flow of people which allows u to see were the performers are hiding which completely ruins the moment. First impression is lasting, I wont be back next season.
I try to visit a different haunted house every year and this one has been the best one so far. Just the hayride alone was worth the drive from NYC. The whole production was amazing and very well put together. The only negative was the long line to get on the hayride since it was a chilly night but it was totally worth the wait.
I went here yesterday after a three-year hiatus, and I was amazed at how much better it has gotten! The hay ride and haunted houses were so detailed and choreographed. They must get a lot money because they had a lot of high tech, statute-type things. It was all-around great. I went to Nightmares in NYC a week ago and this really just made me realize how terrible it actually was. For two extra dollars ($32), you get a hay ride, a corn maze, and three haunted houses, not to mention a great environment. This is about a two hour drive from Nightmares and trust me, it is worth it!
Went to the Headless Horseman last Saturday with some good friends. The only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the wait. WOW a 9:15p appointment got us in at 1130pm. They are very organized but the lines are a killer (no pun). I like doing this every Halloween and worth the 2hour drive from NYC. The hayride is fun, however my favorite are the haunted houses and corn field. Staff works hard on keeping you scared so if you are squeamish wear adult diapers. Gift shops and food are ok parking is plentiful.
I had a great time. Even though the lines were long, they moved fairly quickly. The hayride was great. I screamed most of the time.  The haunted houses and the cornfield kept you wondering what was going to happen next. . Me and my hubby enjoyed ourselves and I screamed my head off. Also, try the pumpkin pie with whip cream on it. It was delicious. I was definitely getting my fat girl on. lol The only gripe I have is the bathroom is a porter potty and they were not sanitary. I opted to wait until I got to a service station after my visit. Other than that, me and my hubby loved it.
This was our first time visiting the Headless Horseman and we were very impressed with the magnitude and order of everything.   The hayride and haunted houses were very elaborate and well done.  The workers in character do a great job and you can tell they take it seriously.   There are long lines for most of it but it's well worth it.  The staff keep you informed of everything that is going on. If you are hungry they have food and a cafe.  Try the pumpkin pie, its good.
My husband and I went on Halloween night and we had lots of fun. The wait on the line was only approx. 45 minutes which is not long at all (we have waited up to 2 hours for a haunted adventure). The hayride was fun and we enjoyed the unexpected flying ghoul. The other haunted adventures were great. There were several creepy entrails hanging from the celing and touching our heads. There were several actors and they knew when to pop out of hiding for optimum shock value. The mechanical moving creatures were life-like (too life-like) and creepy. Beware of the black abyss-take deep breathes if you are a claustrophobic .   Very well organized. The production and sets were very well done. The price you pay is worth the event-no cheap thrills here.
Hayride was the best part. Scream pass is a must, without it the lines are unbearable
Don't listen to the haters. Yes, the price is high, and yes, you'll wait and wait and wait before you begin, particularly on the weekend. Our 9:45 reservation got us a start after 11. We were done by 1:30, having opted out of the last Haunted House. But this jaded New Yorker and his fam of five (kids age 13, 13, and 18) loved, loved, loved the Hayride and Haunted Houses. You'll have the bejeesus scared out of you over and over. The sets, acting, makeup, storyline, and everything else are quite believeable and truly professional, for the most part. The place is exceptionally well organized and well run. Don't miss the stunt sideshow in the back either, as the guy we saw was top notch, and really funny. What a truly scary way to celebrate Halloween. I highly recommend it, despite the fact that one member of my family ended up overwhelmed by the experience, and in tears. This too shall pass.
Absolutely the best haunted attraction I visited last year (2013) And I went to 11-13 last year from sept-oct alone. Hands down the most well thought out and put together attractions I've been on. Honestly I'm big on hayrides but I preferred the houses over the hayride. Mad hatter attraction was my favorite! The corn maze could have been better it was very slow. The hayride was good but it went too quick the performances seemed rushed and I feel like it truly had the potential to be awesome but lacked a bit. I'm very very big on animatronics, they actually entice me more than actors do. I love seeing new animatronics and scene set ups when I go to a new haunted attraction and I feel like they were lacking in that dept as well (on the hayride) the houses had AMAZING animatronics and the atmosphere/set up on all the rooms were phenomenal. Over all this attraction was a two thumbs up, the makeup was phenomenal the actors never broke character. I had a great time. The apple cider donuts were amazing, as well as the apple cider! This is a must see attraction for Halloween lovers. I just wish they didn't rush you through the attractions (the lines are sooo long) I like to go through at my own pace and take in the scenery, check out the awesome set ups, and really appreciate the creators hard work :]
One the best haunted attractions I have ever gone to there scare timeing was a little off but other than that I had so mutch fun and I can't wate for next year
Nothing like this around. It was a fun night, get the early RSVP you will go through all the attractions a lot quicker.  It was worth ride, not sure if I would revisit.
Great time every year!
You know, I'm not sure what all the fuss it about with this place. Yea...you get to experience a bunch of haunted houses, a corn maze and of course, the hayride, but it's definitely not worth the $37 per ticket cost that you have to cough up. The cost of food is also going to knock you back, because you'll need some sort of snack and/or beverage considering the amount of time that you spend there. Another thing that bothered me significantly was that everything except the Hayride is the opposite of Handicapped friendly. They were not accomodating when I tried to ask the staff for at least a bench for my handicapped dad to wait on while we waited on the many, many lines throughout the place. The few times he found an area to lean, completely out of the way (on something jutting out of a hut during the corn maze out of the way of the path), we were quickly 'scolded' by a teenage staff member to keep moving. I get how the set up is, but the ADA isn't something that some businesses have to abide by and not others. The ENTIRE place has to have some accomodations, because it's a lot of walking and standing even for someone without any health conditions. In regards to the scariness of the park, perhaps it was because we went during the last weekend of the season (which is what a lot of people were saying on the HHH's facebook page is commonplace in past years), but it seemed that the staff were half-assing their scares, their 'acts' or their otherwise gusto that probably was present during the first couple weekends of the year for them. Most of it was incredibly lame and required a lot of imagination to be scared. I would be okay with "cheesy Halloween stuff" as Ryan put it, if it wasn't breaking the bank to come here. The only thing that was slightly appealing was the Slaughterhouse, but I had to really put myself in the moment (the one thing that still sticks out to me - the man being put through the meat grinder with his ground up body being fed into a bathtub. I was just expecting a lot more from this place, considering the hype it gets.  I would recommend that you go once, but that is it. It really is just like the majority of haunted houses that I've been to, so I don't see myself coming back. Dissapointed to say the least...
Although not super scary, Headless Horseman is super fun and very well put together.  There is a hay ride that's pretty fun, a corn maze which is more of a corn path since you can't actually go more than one way at any given time, and a couple haunted houses with live actors that do a pretty decent job of jumping out and scaring you.  When you're done there are a bunch of cool little Halloween shops.  I'm definitely going back this year.
We went this weekend. I pre-purchased tickets for the earliest time 6:45 and it worked out great. We went apple picking nearby during the day and had lunch there. We figured we would have dinner at the stands at the Horseman. We got to the Horseman straight from the apple picking at about 5:30. We were probably the 4th car there. We thought we were going to be way early but others were too. We easily met up with some other friends who drove straight from NYC separate from us. If you did not prepurchase tickets, you might be able to purchase there if you are the first to arrive that night. We had other friends who unfortunately decided not to come with because tickets online were sold out :( It is true. Security is tight and there are plenty of warning/threats to not smoke, drink and wanding. But good. I'd rather it smoke-, alcohol-, and weapons-free. I can totally see why people who are really into scares feel that this ride is silly. The hayride itself is very goofy and like a ride at disney. Very elaborate but clearly fake - which is totally OK by me. I am a big wimp. Then there was a series of haunted houses and corn maze capitalizing on gore and darkness. I was thoroughly terrified and bore the brunt of the actor scares. As my husband put it, my scrunching up into a ball and occasional whimper made me a clear target. At one point, one of the actors followed me through 2 rooms growling my name (thanks to my friends who ratted out my name). The sets were very cool but I was too on edge guarding against the next person to jump out at me to really look at everything. They got in a few surprises on my husband too but he was more worried about me passing out. Young children half my size were braver. We got another snack afterwards and left around 9. When we left it was a madhouse and very glad we started early. No lines for food when we first got there, port-a-pot still relatively clean earlier in the night. Definitely go early and wait to get in the hayride line until the skies darken.
First off I have to say the earlier you go the better, hardly waited in lines and wasn't congested.. Second don't have a wannabe rent-a-cop at the front whose security wand doesn't go off but insist theres something in your pocket even when you turn your pockets inside out... Third I was told by headless horseman at the dutchess county fair that the hayride would be longer and they changed 2/3 of the last house... Hayride seemed the same to me and the last house seemed a lot shorter.. it was like i went around two corners and was already outside, im guessing that was the change but i doubt it. I've been going to headless horseman since it was just a 45 minute hayride (butcher joe was the first time) and for the past couple years it feels like all they care about is $$$$ and they just keep selling tickets to anyone without a reservation. To me don't have reservations if you can't keep them.. Need to get rid of the scream pass as it is not fair for people who made reservations to wait longer than their actual ride time. This was the last year i will be going to headless horseman because it seems they never change anything except the storyline. For the amount of money it costs and all the people that go, I think they make enough money to at least change one to two things a year.. just saying
I've gone here so far 3 years in row and loved it every time. this is by far my favorite haunted house :) I religiously search haunted houses and have been to most of the best ones in the country so I know my haunted houses. I am sure not everyone has the same experience as me but hey give it another try.
So I am writing a review of the place I thought would be absolutely awesome.  It was far from the experience I expected after our 3 hour, 10 minute drive.  Previously I have experienced Nightmare New England/Spooky World in Manchester, NH.  That experience may have spoiled me. I expected better quality and bigger with Headless Horseman how has consistently been nationally ranked in the top 13.  What I got was a feeling of being led like cattle through a maze of haunted houses. There were no breaks between the groups, so no scares.  Let me repeat that....no scares, just one giant line of people walking through the attractions.  No one was even screaming in the houses. Just crazy. In addition at NMNE they serve alcohol and have a blazing bonfire.  At Headless Horseman, they waive a security wand over your entire body like you are at the airport. They then search through your purse and make you empty all your pockets.  No smoking, no alcohol at any time. There is a huge police and rude security presence throughout the park which made it unenjoyable.  Yes, I will admit, I wanted a hot cider with a little rum, something I can buy at other scareparks like this. With the security so strict, several of them seemed to have enlarged heads.even  yelling at you  for simply ducking under a line barrier even though there are 15 rows to walk through and no people standing there.  Must be a lot of ghost people in line that only they can see.   The hayride is itself tries too hard also..way, way to much dialog by the host and not enough scares. so in closing I was disappointed. If you want a truly good experience take a ride up to Manchester, get the VIP pass (unlimited access and front of line privileges) and go to Nightmare New England instead.  The quality of the scares, the sets and the experience far outweighed our night at Headless Horseman.  We won't be back. The sad thing is I really looked forward to coming here. We had seen it on a Halloween show and it really shouldn't have been on TV.  We were so excited..and made that long ride to experience something that should have been better and bigger than what we are used to at Nightmare New England (which is the best one up here). Even booked a hotel room near Ulster Park, and my group was very disappointed.  I apologized to my friends for planning this trip and wasting their money..that's how bad it was.
We got there and purchased tickets to the 11 PM show right around 10 PM. We walked in, drank some bland, room-temperature "hot chocolate" and were amazed at the masses this place attracted. We thought that meant it was top quality and found ourselves pushing through people to get from one point to another. The crowd resembled that of a Justin Bieber type crowd. Later, at 11PM, we hear on the speakers '9:45 PM show, please walk to the front now" . Moments later, they went on to RECALL the 9:45 group and instead said "Will the 9:30 PM show please come to the front? 9:45, we will call you when it is your time". We walked over to the information booth and an officer confirmed that the 9:30 group was just beginning at 11PM.  This in turn, meant that the 11pm show did not mean it would start at 11pm. Perplexed, we went to watch the magic show which was entertaining to an extent. Some girl sang an Adele song? We were hoping for something more eerie or spooky or even 'ooohh ahhh' worthy. The people working the gift shops , maze AND tending the cider station were quick to tell us how they had been there since 10 am that day and couldnt wait to get home. The shared attitude of the employees was morbid but not in the freaky, creepy Halloween way you desire when at one of these festivities. FINALLY, as if God himself had spoken, our group was called to the front just before 1 PM.  We waited for three hours. You start on the hayride which was cute at best as it's narrated by a man you can hardly hear over the cheap speakers. Some of the scenery was charming but there was one actor assigned to every different section. It wasn't scary in the least bit because half of the action was on one side of the wagon and the other half on the other. Inevitably, you missed half of the 'story-line' and sometimes wouldn't even see the one person who pops out to scare the group. The website introduces '8 ACTIVITIES' but fails to say that you must wait until your called to do everything in coordination with everyone else who is part of your group. The haunted houses were each brief and the corn maze meshed in with them....and really was NOT a corn maze. I was expecting a challenge or lengthy route when it was really a path that led you to the next house. Again, one person jumped out at my group of 3 within the corn field.... The 60's gig was interesting but all the houses needed more actors/actresses. There were times where you are waiting to be frightened/shocked while strolling and sometimes you see no one for a while. It took us less than 2 hours to do all '8 attractions' although we waited for 3 whole hours in 30 degree weather. I understand they do not control the weather but was overall disappointed because I thought the territory would be full of people whose goal is to scare you! I was expecting people to jolt at us while we were waiting on the line and watching the show but the insignificant amount of actors were in the houses. Since they did not tell us they were running especially behind, I felt it was a waste given we drove nearly 2 hours to get here. As a Halloween buff, I was saddened at the limited talent and the lack of fear I felt. I understand tis the season but when your schedule is running so haphazardly behind, it is COURTEOUS to let the paying customer know. A heads up would have sufficed because we would have gladly found a cemetery, diner or Dunkin Donuts to kill time instead of aimlessly walking around. Oh and they tell you you cannot go on your cell phone..... at all.
The lines were INSANE this year. I've gone for 6 years in a row, and this was by far the busiest I've ever seen it. We waited 45 minutes in line-and that was AFTER our reservation time had already passed. It's fun, but not really scary to me. I like that they change up their themes each year and try to make it interesting for everyone. I feel like if it was too scary I wouldn't enjoy it, and neither would anyone else. And they have delicious hot apple cider-yum yum.
I have been making the sojourn up to East Bumblefuck, Ulster Co for the past 4 years now.  Since I've been 4 years in a row, its obviously worth it in my mind, but I love all that cheesy Halloween stuff so I'mnot exactly unbiased.  As such, I guess I have a higher tolerance for some of the crappiness you have to put up with for $38 bucks. The good - C'mon, its fun!  If you are into this kinda thing, then I think you'll enjoy.  The sets are pretty great and you can see the attention to detail they put into it.  And, a lot of people complain about the price, but you get a hayride, a corn maze and 5 haunted houses.  I think its a deal.   Despite all the issues (see below), I always leaving feeling like I've had a good time. The bad - yeah, some things need work for sure:   The hayride itself is the lamest part of the whole shebang.  The story or theme they come up each year with is usually chock full of potential, but never goes anywhere, and squeezing the headless horseman into every tale they come up with makes them all way less believable.  The narrator person is often hard to hear, and even harder to take seriously as its usually some 18 year old girl with zero acting ability.   The acting?! OMG.  They need to stop hiring 18 year olds to work these houses.  Or guys with Justin Bieber haircuts....just not scary.  That's not to say that you don't get scared.  I always get nailed and I'm def a screamer when I'm startled, usually by yelling profanities - a good thing they don't let in kids!   The cornmaze needs work.  Period.  This last time we literally just walked the little path, nothing jumped out, no actors, it was crap. They also need to work on the animatronics in the whole place.  They do little to cover up the mechanisms that move them, and it takes away from the affect and makes them look like lame gimmicks instead of scary realistic props.  Some of the audio is lame too and sounds muffled and crappy. We have also caught several "actors" goofing off and not ready for the next batch of people coming thru.  Lame.   Finally, the no refund policy was especially aggravating this past time when we were forced to reschedule for after Halloween due to the stinking October snow storm.  It was still fun but didn't have the same feel.   So 4 stars despite all these complaints, you ask!? Yeah...because I always have fun, and enjoy it.  I'll prolly be back next year.  It just better not fucking snow.
This is a great scare especially for young adults if you want to scare the crap out of them.  I was screaming like a fool myself.  First was the hay ride where they come out and scare you.  Then there was the corn field which seems to never end when you are in there and then the two haunted houses.  I screamed the whole time.  I got there around 730pm and didn't get out till 1100pm get there early they say you need reservations but not true just get the tickets at the window going with a small group is better.  Try making the reservations in advance to guarantee a time but not needed...oh wear layers..kids over 7 or 8
Fun for the little ones.. and girls but not much for the adults..
OMG the place is okay but better when you are with a group of friends to bypass the waiting in the totally long lines. [went with my cousins and friends] Like the wait is second to the worse part, like did anyone see their makeup?!?!? like come on, they need to make it look more realistic. Hire a makeup artist ^.^
This is a good deal.  I'm from NYC and the houses here are CORNY!  They have you pay the same price as Headless but give you only one wack ass haunted house.  For the exact same price, you can experience a decent hayride, creepy maze and a handful of haunted houses.  The tip is to make reservations, get there early and have fun.
Our first time we went was back in 05. It was awesome. The employees where awesome the lines a bit long but so worth the wait.. They would follow you and just scare the poop out of you. Just last night we went 10/5/13 we where so disappointed the whole way through. They didn't break you into small groups So there wasn't much of an element of surprise . It all seemed very rushed. The hayride was better. They changed the long corn maze. Which I think was not as great as the last time. The employees are all behind like a deer fence in the corn maze. Before you didn't know where they where. They would follow you. You could hear them running in the corn maze and not know where they where coming from. This time there wasn't much. There was a lot of fack stuff in the corn maze. Which last time there wasn't any  It was scary last time. My husband actually scared one of the employees in the house. :(   The side show this time was by far one of the worst things I have ever seen. His tricks where so predictable. I was so upset this time around. We paid less money the first time around and got so much more. This time we paid 40 and got so much less. I remember the first time around all you heard where screams no matter where you where. This time around not so much.   I have to say that when it comes to safety and security the staff is awesome. As we where leaving a fight broke out between some people on the line waiting to get in and the staff and police took care of the situation quickly. There is a very high presence of police and security. Which is great! If you go leave everything in the car. No lighters cigarettes etc only the essentials
OMG sooo scary! I've been here twice and most recently this past October. The first time I went my bf said I was in tears. I don't recall! Maybe I'm trying to forget the man with the chainsaw. This is long drive from NYC but worth the trip. It's fairly inexpensive and for the price of admission you get a hayride, cornfield maze, and 3 haunted houses! It's great if you can go with a large amount of friends so you can have your group on one hayride. You should book your tickets in advance.
This place is a MUST if you're a big Halloween fanatic.  Go with people who have a sense of humor and like to have a good time no matter where they're at.  Who you go with determines atleast half of  your experience so choose wisely. If you know your schedule well book AHEAD OF TIME.  They sell out fast.  Going early is your best bet.  The place will soon fill up and it just gets super cold later in the evening not necessarily wilder.  It's best to get in while the lines are the thinnest and then you can make a trip out to Poughkeepsie or Kingston after you're done.  For added fun, you will not look out of place if you dress up a little.  Where makeup or Halloween themed accessories if you like.  Prepare yourself for crowds and lines.  You will be talking for a while to kill time so make sure you have LAYERS of clothes AND conversation topics.  Leave all your crap in the car, just keep you cash and keys on you .  Go to the bathroom as soon as you get there because once your group is in line and you give your ticket there's no leaving.  Avoid holding your bladder for an excruciating hour if you're smart.  No camera's allowed unfortunately.  It would be nice to snap pics of the awesome scenery or you and your friends but oh well. The little shops are cute and quaint.  Tons of souvenirs and Halloween decor everywhere.  The haunted house props are impressive and I think you get good value for your money.  But then again I have no kids!  $33 dollars may seem like a lot but make a night of it and go with fun open minded people. The side show was raunchy but funny.  I hope you go on a night when John Shaw is doing magic.   I will definately book early reservations from now on and eat at a restaurant afterwards. They put a lot of thought into their place and I hope you make the most of your evening there!
I have to say that no other haunted house I've been to has been this elaborate. The hayride was awesome and the corn maze had some cool mechanical stuff. I do think they'd benefit a LOT from crowd control but hey - this is a business so what do you expect - they are not going to lessen the crowd or hire more security. It's freezing up there so dress warmly. My group of 14 booked 7:20 reservations and the line for tickets wasn't too bad. However, it really sucked to wait in the miserable cold in between each house. Also - I understand that they are trying to pump people through, but it's just not that scary when there are 10 other people standing next to you in each room. Also I would skip the pie shop after the 2nd house. We got apple cider (which the lady watered down in front of us) and everything she described as "warm" was actually ice cold. So the lesson here is - buy tickets early, go early.. and skip the pie.
I don't know what people expect?  An awesome haunted house will obviously have long lines.  In fact, even horrible ones have long lines.  If you were smart you would get there 45 minutes before your ticket time so you can go through the lines and not feel rushed.  This was my first time here and it was the best haunted house I have ever been to.  Well worth the 2 hour drive, both ways.  Me and my boyfriend had so much fun here and I was scared as hell.  This place puts a whole lot of effort and money into making this place as good as they can, and it shows (especially in the amazing costumes and decorations).  The security there is a great thing.  I like not having to worry about idiots bringing knives inside and giving everyone a special Halloween treat of their own.  Fights happen people.  I don't know why people complain about feeling safe.  I say this place is a must go if you're looking for the best haunted house, period. It's definitely well worth the money for all the stuff you get to do and well worth the long lines because they move pretty fast :)
Anything less than 5 shows the ignorance about what goes into creating and running a haunted attraction of this caliber. H5 is TOP NOTCH, and yes, voted consistently so because it is earned. My favorite part this season is the Lunar Motel. I felt transported back to the 1960s. I honestly FELT like I was REALLY there. It was intense! The details, right down to the smell of the place was brilliantly designed and executed. I kept reminding myself to BREATHE. Just like being in a horror film - walking right through it 3D. About the lines - of course there are lines. Do you want to be rushed through? Every single person on the event staff greeted us, acknowledged us, directed us. I screamed so much my throat is sore today. About the price - how much are you willing to pay for a concert? There are constant side shows happening in the "midway" area, shops to browse, and eateries including some yummy homemade sweet treats and fresh hot coffee. The fact that there is no smoking, booze and weapons permitted makes it that much more inviting. Allowing a clear mind, without worries of being puked on, have smoke waft around or being concerned about safety makes the experience that much more intense. I could go on about how well organized and executed this high end haunted attraction is, but the experience will speak for itself.
I have read previous reviews on this attraction.  I don't see where there was any disorganization.  I found it completely organized from the parking to going through each of the attractions.  Yes, there were lines but they moved quickly.  When you go there, you have to realize that this is an attraction, just like going to an amusement park.  The best thing is to get there for the earlier ride times, it seems to get busier as the night goes on and the waits may be longer.  it wasn't super scary but scary enough.  I wouldn't recommend this for any younger children (or children of any age) that may scare easily or dont care for the dark.  I'm looking forward to next year.
If you're into this kind of stuff, it's definitely worth going to.  The scream pass upgrade was VERY VERY well worth it because the lines were very long.  The whole thing from start to finish with the scream pass took about an hour and a half though if you wait on line it would take longer.  The attractions were well produced, creative and fun.  I recommend you leave all your stuff in your car.  They don't allow any lighters or cameras in the place.  Overall a fun halloween event.
Went here last year, and it was one of the best and most fun Halloweeens I've ever had. I've actually never been to any haunted houses or Halloween-type attractions so I didn't know what to expect. I didn't bother researching this place, just went along with my friends who got tickets, so everything was just a surprise for me. The tickets include a haunted hayride (sit on the very back, it's the best spot!), a corn maze, and I think 3 haunted houses of different lengths. At times it was creepy, ridiculous, predictable, and strange, but all in all it was very very fun..the actors are really crude and show no mercy, especially to the girls that screamed the most haha...we had to wait awhile at each area and it was cold outside but all the screaming and running made up for it. It is definitely worth the drive up to Ulster park and $29, especially since haunted houses in the city are around that much anyway. I've never been to Blood Manor or the other house they have but my friends that came with me to Headless Horseman told me not to bother since this one was the most fun out of all of them.
