If you want a kick butt aerobics workout or a little push - bounce will be your best friend. They offer the best variety of classes and all throughout the day too! They are compatible with any work schedule you might have. Best part of this studio is the instructors! They are all so inspiring and full of energy! The owner Christine is incredible! There is nothing that woman can't do and she is the nicest and funniest person! I recommend this place to anyone!
Bounce only offers classes- it isn't a gym. I'm all about classes. Their classes are VERY good. Of course, peak hour instructors (usually Christine the owner) are awesome. I don't really like Zumba and she has me loving it. I also love their Hip Hop Hustle! Booty Bounce is painful but a great workout. Ultimately, the music is great, the instructors are consistently good, and I get a great work out. Your first class is FREE! They offer a lot of LivingSocial/Groupon deals- 10 classes for $20 which is a great value. If you take a 30mn class, they'll only count it as half a class. Pretty nice. The location is a little weird but once you figure it out, it's no big deal. Great place!
When I go to Bounce I go knowing I will have a fantastic time, and as a BONUS, I get a workout! A membership at Bounce allows you to take an unlimited number of classes. I take FULL advantage of this - I will sometimes go for 2-3 hours at a time by attending several classes in a row, but Bounce is also flexible for those in a time crunch by offering classes as short as 30 minutes and up to an hour. Bounce is FREE for your first class. I encourage anyone and everyone to at least give it a try! If you get hooked, they offer class passes often on Groupon - 10 classes for $20, or 20 classes for $38 (the latter is only offered to new customers). They have gotten rid of their membership system, but have said that they will reinstate this every so often to those that are interested. For your first class, you definitely need to take a class with Christine or Maria (owners of Bounce) - they will motivate you and create a fun and exciting atmosphere. You won't regret it!
Bounce has changed my life. I have been to several gym in the area and nothing is like bounce. The owners are the BEST! Zumba to turbo kick to total strength to piyo, they are all great. Go now! It will be worth it.
I will give it a 4.5. I bought ten classes online. When I went there for first time, I was greeted friendly. My first class was Zumba with Christine and Shannon (my apologies if I spell her name wrong). I instantly love the class. It was fun and intensive. I felt I really was shaping my whole body when dancing. Then I attended several other classes with different instructors. Saturday turbo kick class: pretty intensive for me. I'm not a big fan of turbo kick.. Saturday Zumba class: it was relatively relaxing, not as intensive as the one with Christine & Shannon. Since I wanna feel sweating after workout, Christine's class is still my favorite. And I like her energy. The only problem I have is that it's not easy to follow their schedule. What I meant is they don't update their schedule on their official website. So it happened to me twice that I went there and figured that the class was cancelled... They do updates on their Facebook page but I still hope they will do some sort of announcement on their website. Also, you have to bring your 10-class pass to attend the classes or you need to pay. This is understandable but its just not convenient to me as I don't always have the pass with me. And sometimes I need to router back home for the pass.. Hope they can record member files electronically in the future.
So I went to Bounce with my cousin last Saturday. It was both of our first times doing Zumba. I guess that makes my opinion a little skewed since I don't have much to compare it to. But I will say that my cousin and I had a BLAST. First of all your first time is free, which I liked because who wants to sign up for a class where they have no idea if they are going to like it or not. The music was good (typical Zumba music I would assume; latin, reggae, etc). The instructor was awesome (sorry don't know her name) and she definitely made us sweat during that hour! I want to go back this Saturday but it is $8 a class, and that is a little pricey when some gyms include Zumba in their membership fee. I just don't know if I can find another place with Zumba classes that I liked as much as the one at Bounce. Guess I have a little dilemma on my hands!
Zumba will become my cup of tea, I'm determined to get my dance on! I visited on Saturday, the instructor was great, entertaining, into it, has moves and an outfit to match.
