Love this place! Football on Sunday's great food, great choice of beer, good prices, great staff!! Always a favorite when visiting New Paltz!
Wings wings wings wings wings wings.  Erm...wings?  Not only do they have like 30 or 40 different flavors of wings, but you can mix and match flavors to make even more flavors!!  Lots of tv's and a pool table make this a FANTASTIC place for football sundays.  This place rocks.
OK, I'm generally not a review-writer because I mostly cook my own meals and rarely dine out or go to bars, but I've been dragged to this place by friends around New Paltz/Rosendale enough to know that it's bad news.  It sorta looks like an Irish pub, but it's nothing like one in New York or Boston or even Albany, it's a weird mix of a sport's bar, a local yokel type bar, and a college bar.  In other words, you'll never hear Irish music or see live performances here (pop/top 40 DJ's only).  My family ran an Irish tavern for 65 years so I'm always a bit miffed by American bars giving Irish pub culture a bad name, but whatever. The real issue at this place is the staff.  When it's cooked right I actually like the food, but half the times I've gone the kitchen staff, wait staff, or both have totally dropped the ball.  Half the time you try to pay using credit the bartender will say "Sorry there's a $10 minimum", I asked during a different shift and the bartender/waitress said "I've never heard of that".  Huh?! Once  I ordered spinich/cheese dip that was completely full of cold shredded cheese and chicken shavings.  I told the bartender and she sent it back. 20 minutes later I got the bread bowl back and it was hot (microwaved or toasted), but the contents inside were still cold!  She sent it back again and 10 minutes went by and she wouldn't tell me what they were doing.  I asked for a refund and  the bartender came over and refused and said it's against their policy.  I said "Look I've been here 45 minutes, I don't have time to wait for a new order I gotta go home".  She  said alright let me find out or something like that and then wandered off and kept serving drinks.  Another 20 minutes, she updates me and says "they're making a new one for you" and I, again, told her I didn't have time for that.  They finally relented and gave me a refund, but didn't give a receipt.  Thankfully I used credit, and was able to put a stop-payment on the charge. The final straw that basically is a perfect example of how impersonal and bad the staff at the place is was on my birthday a few weeks ago...  A friend dragged me there because they give you a "fishbowl" full of an iced tea/liquor mixed drink (and plenty of ice).  I came in to get my bowl fully intent on having a fun night out at the place, but the bartender was thoroughly annoyed to have to prepare the birthday drink.  It felt like buying a bus ticket or something, no greeting/welcome, sat around awkward waiting for the bartender's attention for about 10 minutes, no happy birthday or anything of the sort, and then copied information off my NYS ID and threw a drink menu at me.  I picked my drink, and 3 rounds of quick draw came and went on the TV screen by the time she got around to making it.  I just drank it, left, and went out in Poughkeepsie instead. If you're in New Paltz looking for food, I would definitely avoid the place.  P&G's across the street has good American style food and also the Hard Roll Deli down 299 near Lowe's.  If you're looking to have a drink, I would go to Bacchus at the corner of 299 and 32 (many more varieties of drink, somewhat better staff, pool tables and game room).
I've only eaten here a  couple times and for some reason I've only had the (boneless) wings. I've always enjoyed them and my friends have enjoyed their foods. We tend to go there more for the late night scene, especially around our birthdays.
Wow, based on the reviews, I would never set foot in this place. Frat boy/ beer soaked/ tiny chicken wing splattered/ republican-look-alike- hangout, yuck! But in fact I have been there in the light of day, this place is not the house of horrors described by other reviewers. It is a decent place to watch an afternoon football game and eat some decent bar food. We don't have cable or too much unhealthy food at our house and every once in a while I need my fix. I bring the kids and we sit in a nice booth by the window and watch the Bills game. There was once a whole Bills rooting section there once :). Stick with the things you expect to be good in a bar (like nachos, fried stuff, etc,) and you will be alright. They have a decent beer or two if you are not a bud-lite(shudder) kinda person. If you walk by an irish bar and see ten television screens, a pool table, and an electronic dart board then you should know what to expect and this place delivers exactly that. If you are an artsy-vegitarian-progressive-college girl, you might want to skip this place because you are not thier target audience. This place is OK for kids during the day.
Nothing special going on here.  Food is nothing great, service is just so so.  We went for lunch and the place was empty.  I can just imagine how much worse McGillicuddy's is when the fratty douche bags file in at night.
Their wings are amazing! The sandwiches and the burgers are veryyyy good. Big, juicy beef and homemade bread, everything you would ask for in a burger. The turkey club was fresh and yummy! The wings are SPICY!!! We came here after a hiking trip on a weekday and there were not that many people. The service was excellent! We would travel all the way here for their wings and food again :)
This is the destination Bar Restaurant for this College town. That doesn't mean to skip it because it is a rowdy place, but a great mix of tourist, students, families and great waffle fries. Lots of TV's and very kid friendly. NIce variety on the Menu and a cool place to have a cold beer at the bar area while watching a sporting event.
Yummy wings. Monday night wing night is a great deal. Loud and lots of teens and college kids there, but for wings it doesn't matter. Not the place for conversation. More for beer drinking and eating somewhat quickly. Seems like it could get roudy as night continues, we ate around 7pm.
We are always pleased with the food and service we get when we come to McGillicuddys.  They have specials throughout the week that we plan on taking advantage of soon.  This is the spot for wings, beer and football.
Excellent atmosphere and service. Food is good and the wing are great. Awesome place to mingle and enjoy a drink + bite.
Cool enough atmosphere.. Kind of like a smaller Chili's or something.  I'm sorry we didn't try the wings.  I went for the most original thing on the menu, which at this place, for me, were the Irish Egg Rolls.  They were kind of gross.  But the beers were good.
The drinks are reasonably priced for a bar but that is the only good thing about this place. The food is terrible and the staff could not be any more rude or disrespectful. Some old waitress actually cursed up and down at my friend while she was on the job one time.
seriously? how can you mess up a reuben or a taco salad??The food was terrrible, Get a real cook...your's can't !   waiter was ok, but our food took forever to come out...6;30 on a Sunday?  Place was empty.  Such a shame, otherwise good be a good place to hang out.  Plenty of sports on their flat  screens but, we were there to eat!  Sorry Guys!
Been here a few times to watch sporting events.  Rated it 4 stars for the wings.  They are excellent.  Lots of drink specials, but anything else I've had off the menu has been really disappointing.  Go here for wings and beer.  Good place to watch football, as there is not much local competition in that department.
great place. their gold rush sauce is delicious. go for the wings and ask them to make them well done. enjoy!
Get the gold rush sauce. You will be back soon.
I took a quick trip up to New Paltz, NY which I noted in another Yelp! and on my second day after helping a friend around their property the need to feed hit me.  A quick ride back into town at this very popular Irish pub.  The space was roomy for sure and I got a nice booth with my friend.  The jukebox was playing some solid Classic Rock that found me tapping on the table (an annoying habit I know but I did play drums for more than 20 years).  Anyway, I ordered an Angry Orchard cider as I trying to avoid beer for a few weeks and an order of their Volcanic Wings.   Truth be told the wings were super tasty but not as volcanic as one would expect.  More taste than mouth numbing heat which I prefer.  I complimented these wings with an order of waffle fries that while enjoyable did get cold too fast and offered me up a bit too much grease.  I would order a burger next time for sure to sample their fare and totally share some wings with another diner but the waffle fries will find a replacement.  Our server was totally awesome and I even showed her the Foodspotting app to help encourage great finds in food.  Hopefully I get to come here again sometime but who knows when.
We normally go to The Gilded Otter when we come to New Paltz but this time we decided to try something different.  P&G was packed so we came here. The hostess was very nice and brought some toys for the kids.  They weren't very busy yet and we asked the hostess how quickly they could get us served because we had a dog waiting for us in the car.  She said she would let the chef know and that it shouldn't be a problem. From there the dinner went down hill.  Our waitress was unfriendly and clearly did not have the patience to deal with us.  When we repeated our request to have dinner served quickly she said we're busy and that it wasn't going to happen. We tried smiling, ordering politely and asking questions but she was just not going to be friendly if it killed her.   The food was fine but there were no health options.  In the end our dinner took about 45 minutes to be served and we rushed out of there.   Based on the food, we might have considered stopping here again but based on the service, we will never come back. Never doubt the Otter.
Mediocrity and corner cutting at its best.   I dont know what else to call it but "lame".   I had the spicy chicken sandwich which come out with no spices and a dry bun with nothing,  a house salad which was a pile of iceberg lettuces with one (1) slice of cucumber.  when I told them I got the spicy chicken they took it back DUMPED A PILE OF DRY, RAW SEASONING ON IT AND GAVE IT BACK.  It was basically UN-eatable.  We also got wings but they were OUT of dressing and celery.    The kicker is they double rang an item and over charged us by $12.  AND REFUSED TO TAKE IT OFF AND WOULD NOT GET A MANAGER, JUST WAKED AWAY TO DEAL WITH ANOTHER TABLE THAT HAD BEEN COMPLAINING.   I actually feel "ripped off" / "scammed" after going there.
After going to a haunted house we were looking for a fun place to have a drink and grab some food. We decided to stop in here and I'm glad we did. Its pretty much a college bar but the food was really good. I got to try the burgers, wings, Irish nachos and the mac and cheese bites. Everything was good but my favorites were the Irish nachos and mac and cheese bites. Drinks were really cheap about $5 each. They have a dance floor and there were many people dancing.
An absolute delight ! Friendly service and great food - the steak sandwich was prime steak with fresh 'schrooms and ooey gooey melted cheese - the mashed taters were freshly made and piled high next to the sandwich. My friend's mac and cheese was equally satisfying - my first time there and will def be back ! Yay Cuddy's !
Not a fan
If there was a button for a zero I would choose that. I have come here many times for wing night but figured I would try different night to sample other food. I came one Saturday night around 10:30 and was told the seating area was closed at 11pm which I clearly had half an hour but our waitress denied us service and told us to go to the bar. Even though there were people on the other side getting service from another waiter. When we confronted her of this she till denied service and walked away. The waitress walked away while saying she would give us menu's which after 20 minutes she was still at the bar not doing her job or giving us our menu. After all this we found out days later the waited area does not close at 11pm but stays open much later. Last time we will be served by them, we at least got her name before we left so we know not to have her ever again.
I would like to give thanks for the memories I've had at McGillicuddy's over the years BUT last Friday was a pure blast of entertainment. The past weekend was our New Paltz Chapter of Kappa Sigma's 20th Alumni anniversary. I was in town only on Friday, but the hour spent in Cuddy's that night was beyond amusing as hell. While 90% of our guys were getting hammered across the street at P&G's for at least three hours, three of us were quite hungry. Myself, my frat bros Biff & Bobby V headed over to Cuddy's. We were not exactly sober, but hungry nonetheless. We got a table next to 4 pretty CURRENT college students. I'm on the left, Bob is next to me and Biff is across from us. Here's a little bit of the astonishing dialog that night.  **(I remember this because I wasn't THAT drunk, I still had to drive home later, so I was actually slowing down. The others were beyond any help.)** After ordering and peering to our left: Bob: Hey guuurlssss.  Man, you guys are hot.  You wanna beer? (looking around) I'm hungry. (stuffing menu under his shirt) Biff: (Silent) Girl 1: Are you guys alumni? (So we OBVIOUSLY look old I guess) Me: Yes.  Kappa Sig reunion. Girl 2: Your friend is cute. Bob: Yoouuu meaaan me? Biff: She means me man.   (Pitcher of beer arrives) Hostess: (jokingly) Don't hassle these girls.  I don't want trouble. Me: I apologize in advance for what will happen... What happens next? Lets see... Biff knocked over his pint all over the table. Bob knocked over his pint all over the table. The 4 girls kept making jokes about my maroon & gold striped J.Crew tie by wanting to know when I was getting on the train to Hogwarts. Bob knocked over his burger on the floor, picked it up without the top part of the bun and spent the next 6 minutes trying to convince the waitress that she gave him the burger with no top on it.  LOL!!! He also tried to take one of the girl's hats off her head.  Bob also needed ketchup for his topless burger.  Apparently, he emptied the whole bottle on his right leg!!   Luckily, I walked out of there spotless with still no knowledge of who paid the bill.  I did enjoy my chicken fingers and fries platter.   The one year I lived in New Paltz, I was at Cuddy's a lot.  Best wings in town and the food has never let me down.  It's all about the wings. I wish I could eat here more often but I don't get to New Paltz as much as I would like to.  I will never turn down an opportunity to eat here.
Who the hell would voluntarily eat at this place? The only reason I set foot in this jock bar is for trivia nights on Wednesday, and the Sean Hannity looking guy lowered the prizes because he really knows how to run a business, or something. Here is an honest to god story about my attempt to order vegetarian nachos. I have ordered vegetarian nachos here before. They put way too many undesirable vegetables on top, so the next time I went I asked, "Can I get vegetarian nachos, except not too many vegetables, mostly cheese?" So, that sounds like I mostly want cheese nachos with a few veggies, right? The waitress proceeded to bring me a plate of approximately 5 tortilla chips smothered in an obscene amount of cheese. WHAT?? Why would I order a plate of baked cheese? WHY? And when the waitress set it down, she practically winked at me, pleased with herself for fulfilling what she probably thought was my wacky order. Good job...I didn't complain because I'm passive aggressive and decided to share this story on the internets instead. Oh, and in the SAME NIGHT we discovered the Hannity twin, Dick Cheney's clone was playing pool. Do you really want to support a business where these doppelgangers frequent? Fine. By all means come here if you want to be treated like crap by rude waitresses serving you awful food all while surrounded by frat bros and drunk girls screaming nonsense.
McGillicuddy's aka Cuddy's is one of the most well-known eateries in all of New Paltz. They're known for their nightlife as well as their food -- especially the wings. This bar/pub is a great place to hangout with friends and is full of college students both day and night. I always make a note of visiting here when in the area. Monday night is Wing Night. If you want to get the cheaper price, I recommend going EARLY. It gets packed beyond 630-7pm. They have like 40 flavors of wings which are all really great, unique flavors. The Gold Rush, Thai Chili and Honey BBQ are my all-time favorites.* They have plenty of tv's outlining the inside and great music. Sometimes Cuddy's has trivia night and taco night which are also a lot of fun. During the nighttime, the place turns over to an older crowd. There's always plenty of dancing -- I'd say it gets good around 12pm and beyond. From dinner to dancefloor, it's a lot of fun on the weekends. *They have 2 "secret" wing flavors off the menu. They're calling David's Insanity and Pepper Spray. WARNING: These are insanely hot. I mean, there are a few foods I have ever cried from, from being too spicy and this was one of them. If you can tolerate them, bravo.
First visit: My husband goes there to watch a game. It was a cold rainy day so he was wearing a sweater with a hood on his head. The guy at the door ordered him to take the hood off as soon as he stepped in, otherwise he was not allowed entrance. All my husband wanted was to get warm. He was coming in from the cold. Not nice. You can ask in a good way and also understand that someone with not much hair might get cold outside and would want to warm up some before taking the hood off. Second visit: Both of us went on another opportunity. We wanted to watch a football game. The place was not packed, it was mid afternoon. We asked if they could put our game on any TV. The answer was no. There were empty areas where there were TVs no one was watching but they still said no. The only choice was a small TV on the corner of the bar that we could barely see. We wanted to watch our game so decided to stay and ordered a couple of drinks. During half time we gave up and went to try another bar, after paying an expensive bill for a diet coke and a beer. We went to Murphy's, across the street. They were happy to put our game on a TV, the prices are reasonable and that has been our bar to watch our games (even university football) since then. They are friendly, willing to give awesome customer service and find a solution for our game requests. THAT is how you treat your customers!
I have been to this place a couple times and I would this place has the best food of all the bar restaurants in New Patlz.   I love their Sheperd's pie!  I aslo love their Monday wing night!  Thier wings are amazing!   The service is not bad at all and I like the music they play too.
Exactly what you would expect from a place like this. Decent, greasy food. Average service. Cheesy decor. My burger was fine, and the fries were good. I requested to sit someplace where I could see the Eagles get crushed by the Titans, but the hostess decided that the Bills game would be far more interesting for me to watch and sat me in front of that tv. I could see almost every game--except the one I requested to see in the first place. Thanks hostess girl for considering my request!
This was a nice little bar. i would go again if i lived in New Paltz
We came here on a Friday night in search for a tasty burger so we rolled on in to here because my man said they made a decent burger. The waitress was friendly, the food was decent and hot, the menu and drinks were reasonably priced...overall it would have been a solid 3 1/2 stars...then the DJ came out. HOLY COW did he suck. We were enjoying our dinner and then this guy comes out and plays some techno crap. It made me want to hurl my beer and burger at him in hopes of knocking him unconscious and then I could enjoy the quiet chatter. I know its a college bar but it wasn't even that late on Friday. I must be quite spoiled living here in Vegas due to all the awesome DJ's.
Love this place! it was local when i went to college in New Paltz and i had a few favs on the menu. Lunch, dinner or late night munchies! To this day i complain that there isn't a "honey buffalo wing" quite like the ones at cuddys in NYC:( Monday wing nights became a ritual with some pitchers to top them off. Their waffle fires are also fresh and delicious! The bread bowl with spinach and artichoke dip was great love sharing that with friends.
I didn't really go to many bars when I was here but I ended up at this!  I went on a Friday and they had 2.50$ Miller Lite Tap.  On Saturday's they have BudLight Bottles, Bud LIght Lime and Captain drinks for $2.50!  Pretty good party atmosphere.  The place was packed out. I went the next morning for food and they actually have great burgers!!  It is about ten bucks a meal.   They have a different special everyday and it is a nice local college spot. Highly recommended.
I go here often and enjoy myself nearly every time. Both the food and the service are great; the employees tend go make you feel at home. The nightlife is also a blast on weekends. Its one of my favorite places. I highly recommend it.
So yes, McGillicuddy's provides pretty good pub food at a decent price and has a good college night scene. That's the good. What needs to be improved and I take issue with, is how Cuddy's is cheap, as in stingy. 1. On Wing Night you can get 35 cents wings while at an establishment owned by the same people (Darby O'Gills) in Dutchess County, wings on Wing Night are 25 cents. 2. The wings have been extremely small as of late. If the price is going to be 35 cents (barely a 'special'), they should not be tiny. 3. Carrots and celery are no longer complimentary. GIVE ME A BREAK. Like there is a run on carrots and celery where a successful establishment can't give them to you for free?? 4. For a place that does quite WELL in regards to money, their men's room is a DUMP. The towel machine never works, and at least one urinal is always broken. FIX your bathroom. 5. For a place that claims to be a 'sports bar' it is a JOKE that there is seemingly no HD programming on their TV's. I'm not sure if the TV's are not good quality (I know many are not plasma or anything) or they simply do not want to pay the extra $ for HD programming. GET HD!! 6. Lastly, a minor complaint, is the beers on tap. In a college town with many patrons with finer beer tastes (more local individuals on this end), there should be an effort to have some micro and/or local brews, such as Keegans. The same old Bud, Bass, Coors, Sams, etc. gets old. I don't mean to be harsh because it is a fun scene with good food at decent prices. I've been going there for almost 10 years though and would pick P&G's and Murphy's over it (not to mention Otter, Oasis, and Bacchus) for the above reasons, especially for wings. Updated 7/10: Over the last year or two, McGillicuddy's has added many new bottled beer choices to it's drink list, including many micro brews.  Good job.  Also, there seems to be better HD quality to their TV's.  Nice improvement.  The 3rd improvement is that outer facade of the establishment. Now....please update the bathrooms!
Nice place had alot of fun Friday 4/2010 Wish I know who the girl was w red tank Top and jeans that serve me drinks that night
Yes, this is where I spent my 22nd birthday . . . which happened to be on a Monday . . . and yes, that means WING NIGHT!!!!! So, I got a free fishbowl, of course, and I was giddy to begin with, and then we all got a ton of wings, and I was the happiest person ever. I got to try the honey bbq wings, with that 3-alarm hot sauce (that blew my mind), the gold rush wings, the bourbon wings (which were my favorite), and the raspberry chipotle wings (sweet, interesting zing to 'em, very good). Then, of course, the Miller Lite was wiicked cheap, and in case that wasn't enough we got a free pitcher from the Miller Lite girls--heck yes! ;) So good. It was a packed house, too. You really can't can't can't beat wings.
We stopped in for a quick bite before hitting the road Columbus Day weekend. The place was uncomfortably warm. We ordered four kids meals, two wraps off their daily special menu and one appetizer (quesadilla) as a meal. An hour later, the meal finally arrived. We were hiking that day and worked up quite an appetite, but it didn't matter. My son took two bites out of his hockey puck cheeseburger and was finished. My wrap tasted like it came from a gas station vending machine. A Wendy's or McDonald's wrap would have been better! The fries were cold and greasy. No amount of rubbernecking could get a waitperson to assist us in locating the MIA waitress or meal. There were no apologies for the delay.  There was further delay in getting the bill, which came with 18% gratuity added. My response is "No Thank You!" Just keep driving!
