Very beautiful scenery of the river and bridge. Service and champagne was excellent and all for a good price. A must see
Nice but loud. To avoid the noise, sit out on the balcony.
Arh... Poughkeepsie. I totally boozed it up here on a Sunday night. It was awesome. -Shock Top -Jamesons. -Appetizer Combo (2 for 1) -Oysters First time drinking Shock Top and enjoyed it. I'm not a big fan of beers in general- wines are much more interesting to me. However, this beer was a Belgian White- not too sweet, has a lemony finish, light and slightly dry. It tasted good as a chaser while nursing my Jamesons. Thankfully I only had 2 Jame-os here... I think...   Wasn't too crazy about the oysters. It didn't taste right to me. I'm a firm believer that if you serve oysters, at least make an effort to get all extra sea salt off the shells. Just do it. I'm serious. And bring some extra sauces, aside from the cocktail sauce. The Appetizer combo. Holy ****. When the bartender/ server told us that everything on the last page of the menu was two for the price of one, I thought, "Is that a little too excessive?" But my friend countered with, "Hey, Why not?" Turns out that this was a mother of a deal. Wings, Chicken Fingers, Fries, Mozzarella sticks. The only thing it's missing is Onion rings. I drank. Then ate. Then I drank some more. The midnight moon was somewhat romantic - reflecting off the river while I drank my face off... then stuffed it. Mozz. sticks aren't my thing and the fries can be crispier or homemade, but they definitely were not soggy. But the wings (and I'm not a big wing lover) was good. Chicken Fingers, yup. My "Quality over Quantity" mantra took a backseat to my other standard, "High Standards for what it's WORTH" The value of this was just amazing. If it weren't for the great customer service, the taste of the apps and the view, I probably would have given this spot 3 stars.   Lady-like? Perhaps, perhaps not. Excessive? Definitely. Was it worth it? YES. We took the rest back to my friend's house after bar hopping and ate the rest in the wee hours of the morning. I really wanted to feed chicken to his chickens, but he didn't let me. Was it standard bar food? Yes. However, they did it in a way that was better than the rest. Sometimes you just have to appreciate it for the value that it holds and the atmosphere. An outside patio right on the river where people sit around to drink and eat... Can't complain. Good stuff. The total = Less than $40, without tip. Amazing. Almost like Sunnyside (Qns), NY Prices... Sike. Way cheaper.. The female bartender/ server on the back patio was cool and treated us well and vice versa. It's a two way street. Make sure to be nice and generous to her. Cheers.
I went here once with my friend for her birthday and I was VERY impressed. It had a coat check as well as valet parking. It has this amazing bar with a beautiful atmosphere and lighting. It also had very nice party rooms that were themed.
We have gone to this restaurant several times, and have always enjoyed our meal, and the view of the Hudson cannot be beat. In general, the food is good but not outstanding. At our last meal we had the Baja Egg Rolls, which were great, and then the Seafood Fra Diablo and Crabcakes. The Fra Diablo had an excellent flavour with just the right amount of heat and spice, but the seafood was a bit lacking with tough calamari and disappearing clams (It may have been over cooked?) We finished our meal with the Apple Crisp, an tasty, but slight overdone dish. Other meals we have had were the fish and chips (too much oil). If you want a nice evening on the Hudson, this is a great place.
Omg the jumbo scallops are delicious! Even the chicken fingers are great
The food here is very so-so.  You are really paying for the views, trendy ambiance, and a ticket into the hippest place in town.  Other than the place itself, the food leaves a lot of room to be desired.
The only reason this didn't get a full five stars from me is because the bathrooms were in need of some minor - very - attention.  The food was fantastic - all fresh & even the seafood! - the service excellent & friendly & not overbearing, the courses very well timed and the drinks were perfectly mixed.  We celebrated a most memorable wedding anniversary on May 27 here!  I definitely want to go back and try more of the cuisine.
Really nice place. Would love to see it in the Spring and Summer. Sunday brunch was wonderful.
Awesome Sunday brunch. Great view too!
This place has a great view of the Hudson river and bridge, the food is great and so are the drinks, really nice place to go to eat and drink! Will be going again while here!
My friend and I came here on the recommendation of a stranger we met before walking across the Walkway Over the Hudson! We arrived at almost 5:30 and it was the perfect time. Without reservations, we got a table outside against the railing with a spectacular view of the Hudson! Our server, Tina, was exemplary. She explained the specials in detail and was very attentive throughout our meal. We also requested dark cloth napkins (rather than the white) since we both had black pants and didn't want to get lint on them. We were accommodated in a short period of time. We ordered the grilled salmon over arugala and roasted beet salad with candied pecans. The fish was cooked to perfection. We also ordered a side dish of seasonal vegetables which were also quite delicious. We splurged (calorie-wise!) on the sweet potato fries but WITHOUT the sugar and cinnamon. They made a mistake by not giving us the plain ones but when we mentioned it, they were whisked away and in a matter of a few minutes, the plain ones were brought to our table. They were scrumptious! We ended our meal with decaf capuccino while we enjoyed the spectacular view of the Hudson with the gentlest breeze to end a wonderful meal recommended by a stranger! Our server, Tina, really set the tone for our dining experience. As we were leaving, we noticed several people had ordered the lobster tail and I vowed that I would be back to sample that on our next visit. Even though we live in North Jersey, this is a place I would travel the hour or so because it had all the elements of a great dining experience. Oh, and one of the best features: our dinner was very reasonable!
Oh Shadows, I want to give you so much more and so much less. The 3 stars is a concession because my mother in law loves your ahi tuna. Also I can't actually GIVE you 2.5. I can't even begin about the parking situation... look, a kitty! =^^=  .... /facepalm Five times now and each time my party is greeted by breasts, I mean, puzzled eyes, I mean what? who are you anyways? Did you have a breastervation? Oh there you are sure uh ... I mean good lord. No folks, I'm not jealous, I don't think it's too much to ask for competence. Even Crew has stunning looking, scantily dressed hostesses who are relatively competent. Atmosphere: outside, beautiful, especially if you luck out on a great sunset. Also beautiful if you're there on Zumba night and you're with companions who like jiggly sweating people. Not my idea of what I want to see when I want to drop money on dinner. I do give kudos to the soundproofing between restaurant and large porch area, impressive. I have never had everything go right here. Never. The food is fine. Appetizers - clam pot is ok. Lobster cocktail is served with great style but is basically cold lobster on ice. Ribs, meh. They're ok. Tomatoes & mozzarella, well I'll excuse you on that only because sometimes it's hard to get good tomatoes, wait no, it's actually easy to get good tomatoes even in midwinter (which it wasn't.). The prime rib I'll give you 5 stars on, both times I've had it and the one time companion had it, it has been OUTSTANDING. BIG piece of meat, almost no fat, done perfectly, nice crust, very very good. Good ahi, as I mentioned. Caesar salad is very disappointing. Cedar plank salmon is fine. Scallops are rubbery and the chive oil was odd. Yes one of my dinner companions has been very picky - and each and every time they have made her dinner incorrectly BUT I will say that correcting the mistakes has been very quick. The desserts are meh and VERY large. Cheesecake is somewhere between errrr and meh and not great. Carrot cake is meh. It's all very wedding-banquet type, and the service is about as good. Portions here are generous, it's a great place to bring tourists and out of town guests. They rely on the view for sure. The white room is just flat out weird. The margarita was weak and had that industrial mix flavour. Once during dinner, the high school reunion beside us left and holy moly, the oompa loompas transformed the 20-top into five 4-tops in under 6 seconds, it was like watching some sort of restaurant Olympics.  The inlaws loved the whole thing and for the view it's a great place for out of towners from the armpit of america. Fine dining? no. More like Applebees with a view. Think about it though, if you're paying $100+ for dinner and are expected to pay minimum 15%  tip, that's over $15/hr the mistake making server is receiving. This is all well and good until you think about your bank teller, who gets somewhere between $9-$11/hr and whom you would flay alive if they screwed up on your bank account even once.
Started off really well but have fallen off over the last year.
I went here for dinner the first time a few weeks back and didn't know quite what to expect. When you walk in the place feels almost theatrical with the multi colored neon bar and large screen TV. Towards the back - with the view of the bridge and Hudson river it was a bit more cozy. The menu has many options- with a sizeable low cost bar menu. The fish and chips were really great and with good portions. On a whim I ordered the creme brulee and was pleasantly surprised. This also looks like a fun place to have drinks with friends. The service was efficient and friendly.
Thumbs up!!! The appetizer portions were generous, and the crabcakes were "delish". The main dish (Fettuccine Alfredo) was plenteous and quite appetizing. The view was superb, and the wait staff attentive. A wonderful ambiance, overall.
Great atmosphere, great service, great food. All with a reasonable price!
Spectacular view food is okay prices are on an average for this kind Of place service is good Acoustics are unbearable
Boated here yesterday. Awesome docking and access. Had a late lunch - our server Eric was excellent. Buff Calamari was 5 star, grilled chick salad was enormous, clam pot was great. A little annoying that we had to be escorted back to the dock - Milty would not give us the dock code. Came back for Mothers Day at the Grandview next door - and that was a 5-star experience. Just perfect.
I loathe dishonesty and that is what we got from this place. This is such a nice location overlooking the river but they treat you like cattle being hoarded in and out. And these are the lies they told me. 1. The waiter actually told me that only prime rib is red when it is medium rare and a steak is different, I got it with just a hint of pink left in it; which is definition of medium well to almost totally well done. Did he really think I would believe that lie? I hate being lied to my face! 2.The manager said "reservations only shorten your wait" as I missed the 1st set of the show which is the only reason I went to this place. 3. The manger along with his(I believe to be very insincere)apology, offered to buy us a drink( which I didn't not ask for) but instead came back with a bunch of silly questions. I guess he got over ruled by someone above him but that is only a guess. The only reason I gave this place the 2 stars is the view.
If you are CELIAC / GLUTEN FREE, don't trust this place.  We went there Saturday night after reading that they offered a GF menu.  I ordered a spinach and artichoke dip appetizer from the GF menu, which was suppose to come with homemade potatoe type chips.   After eataing several of the chips, a waiter came over and said they made a mistake, the chips were NOT  GF.    They were made from wheat.  On top of that, the service was not good and they charged us for 3 drinks instead of 2.
Food is mediocre and overpriced. Drinks are pricey but awesome. Try the cocktail trio with the root beer!
was here for a very special occasion in december with my family, food was okay, beautiful views, i got sick from the tuna i had, called management and informed them so no one else would get sick from the tuna that day, they said they will call back to check up on me in a week, never did.... shows you how dedicated they are to their patrons, won't be going back again
After two enjoyable brunches & lunches, decided to return for dinner. Our group had: Appys: Fried Calamari - tender, lightly battered w/fra diavolo & remoulade sauces. It was enjoyed by all. Spinach & artichoke dip (nothing special), but the thick-cut chips made the snack. Entrees: Sea Bass Puttanesca was the best of all. Don't let the picture fool you...Prime Rib arrived as a lukewarm slab of meat. My friend said it was "dry" & asked for au jus to make it edible. Grilled Lamb Chops - requested med. rare, arrived well-done. I ate them anyway, as meat was still tender & nicely seasoned. The sea scallops looked better than they tasted, just OK. Service was friendly & attentive until meals served, then waitress was MIA. Finally, cocktails (not specialty drinks) are generous pours & a good value. The people - they will continue to come. The draw here is the scenery. If you stick to Sun. brunch, soups, salads & sandwiches and skip supper, you won't be disappointed.
Picked this place for a romantic dinner w/my husband during an overnight in Poughkeepsie. We had a reservation for 7:30 on a friday night but got there 15 mins late so we had to wait about 15 mins for a table to open up. The place was completely packed and loud. There was a HS reunion happening in the dining room, private birthday party in the clubby/lounge room, engagement party and about 100 ppl standing out on the patio bar. It wasn't exactly the ambiance I wanted but all things considered it was a decent restaurant. Our option for table was sitting right next to the rowdy group at the outdoor bar or further back inside the patio. We chose the slightly quieter section which unfortunately meant we didn't get to enjoy the bridge view during dinner but were perfectly situated for the gravel parking lot view. For our entrees, I had the stuffed lobster and DH had the special beef BBQ ribs. After we placed our orders our server brought us bread basket that was warm and fluffy with a dish of olive oil. It was a great way to start off our dinner since I was famished. the bread is so good that we were still picking at it even after we were full from dinner.  All entrees come with a salad. We both had the Caesar. The shaved parmesan is a plus but the bruised romaine gets a negative. Lobster was cooked perfectly but the stuffing was too bready and tasted of imitation crab. My dish came with a baked potato and sauteed string beans and carrots. The beef ribs were perfectly cooked and the portions were huge with a side of coleslaw and sweet potato fries- which were a little heavy on the cinnamon sugar. The dessert menu didn't seem particularly compelling so we skipped it.
Went here after picking apples and concord  grapes at  Dubois farm. Despite their scary amateur logo and the ambiance trying too hard, I was surprised by the food. My cob salad was a delight and actually somehow tasted upscale. The fish and chips was battered and fried expertly. Standard American fare, well done. Although, I think it would be a mistake to order anything "fancy." Their beer selection is shameful though... beautiful view. I had a very pleasant lunch :)
I thought the food was good, with fresh ingredients.  We had a trainee service person and he did a great job.  Service was excellent.  I would definitely recommend this place.  Go early, it gets packed fast.
A great meal... scenery was beautiful as you overlook the Hudson, and the food was great. Would highly recommend if you're up in the Hudson Valley, very reasonable lunch prices too
We went here for Sunday brunch with good friends. This was our first time, but they have been here prior. First, the place is quite large with a gorgeous view of the Hudson river. You have your choice of outdoor deck seating or indoors. We sat in indoor booth seats that was in an alcove. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive to our needs. The food ranged from scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon and home fries to chicken Marsala, peppered steak and grilled veggies. You also have a choice of fresh waffles, omelette bar, fresh fruit and pastries. I opted for the chicken, peppered steak and veggies. The chicken Marsala was consistent with prepackaged  food service type meals. The steak appeared to be the same. It was pretty tasty so no complaints here. Everyone else had breakfast food and loved it. For $14.99 per adult, I feel that this is a great deal. It's all you can eat so bring a good appetite. One thing, I highly recommend making reservations as the brunch crowd is large. Fortunately we did and only had to wait 5 minutes to be seated. I browsed the lunch and dinner menu online and would love to give that a try. For value, quality and quantity of food, I recommend Shadows.
Food is decent but service is terrible. Half my food to take home was missing so I called to complain and the manager was rude and told me to hang on and never came back.  I do not suggest this restaurant based on service alone. Also stated rudely" it's not like I can deliver it to you myself we are kind of busy"
Stopped here for lunch on a Friday.  As the other reviewers have noted, the view is fantastic.  I ordered a burger and my wife ordered the seared tuna.  They were good, not spectacular, but good.  The service was very friendly and professional.  Their drinks are amazing.  I had one of the best mojito's I've ever drank.  My wife's drink was also outstanding.  It's more than an hour away, but I'll definitely come back.
Another great Bonura's establishment. Filet was juicy, and the vegetable of the day was steamed just right. Our server was funny, yet polite and was a good overall waitress. I wish she had came over sooner at the end, we would've gotten dessert too! Mac and cheese is def better at Billy Joe's located on the newburgh waterfront. My pink lemonade tasted funny. Honestly would go back again, next time I'm on that side of the river. Oh the view is breathtaking.
I went to this place at night and it felt more cheesy than anything.  If I were to go again it would be during the day so you can really take in the views of the hudson as opposed to their purple lighting and whatnot.   I was a little nervous on my way in after seeing people outside in cocktail dresses and such but we went in anyways and I was surprised the place is really casual along with the menu.  I got the Sicilian chicken wings which sounded delicious but I wasn't a huge fan since the seasoning is really made for a normal chicken entree- it was kind of weird.  My boyfriend got a steak that he said was good. Overall, meh.  I'd go back during the day for a drink and an appetizer or something.
I would go back for the fantastic view and have a drink and an appetizer.  The food was ehh...i had a shark and it was way too overcooked.  Maybe next time I will try something else and will be more impressed with the food. Drinks were amazing though!
Pros: the view Cons: The food was disgusting which was disappointing, nothing was fresh and it did not come out warm. The seating is too far from the kitchen which influences the slow service. The cocktails are overpriced and water downed with ice and other mixtures. Very little alcohol content. It seems more like a factory than a restaurant. I will not be back.
Shadows is a delightful place to eat but even better to enjoy its relaxing and beautiful setting with friends. We had dinner there a couple of nights ago with two friends we had not seen in years. They were so impressed by this restaurant that we were thrilled we had suggested it. We all had different dishes: lobster, scallops, chicken, strip steak. No complaints at all!  Excellent preparation and flexibility as to side dishes. The cook prepared steamed broccoli for me as I cannot eat onions. Service was prompt and polite. We loved it all!  We will surely return. Harriet H. (Poughquag)
The place has a nice view and it has a professional feel about it. From the hostess and wait staff to the decor. It is a very big restaurant with tables inside and outside. So the atmosphere gets a 10 from me. Our waitress was nice and she took good care of us so no complaint here. The drinks were very good so I do recommend you come here for the cocktails. The food is not that great. I ordered a chicken pomodoro and it was very bland and also overlooked which is very common, no one gets chicken right. Every meat we had at the table was overcooked and was nothing special. So I will go back for the drinks and the atmosphere.
Staff seemed young and overwhelmed. They didn't honor a reservation made two weeks prior for a table on the deck. Hostess claimed they don't take specific seating requests contrary to what the person on the phone said. We waited 20 minutes while staring at at least 7 tables on the deck that were empty. Decided to leave and on the way out the hostess suddenly had a table available for us. Went to Brasserie 292 for some excellent food, awesome decor, a jazz band, and a wonderfully professional staff.   Too many great spots to eat at in the Hudson Valley, with Culinary Institute chefs, to waste your time here.
The food here is generally above par. The drinks are ok. The service is hit and miss depending on the shift and how busy the place is. The most important aspects of this place are that it is completely overpriced and dishonest as management is looking to add charges to your bill at every opportunity. While ordering drinks, I was literally charged double for my order and not even given an apology when I brought it to the attention of management. Check your bill -- you'll likely find extra drinks on it, a mystery appetizer, or a coffee for a nonexistent diner. Overall, you can skip this restaurant.
The quality of food has gone down significantly. Last time we made a reservation, they overbooked us and we had to stand around the bar for almost an hour. The managers advice was to take it or leave it. Great advice buddy! The food was dry, the poor server was over worked and the prices are far too high for the quality of food. Going at night is not much better. $9 for a basic margaritas, made with an attitude and flies in the lemons and limes. Save your money, and get a drink if you're there for the view.
This is a restaurant for a great view and not so amazing food that is not really worth the price tag. While I enjoyed the bread and salad as well as the half dozen oysters (even though they were on the smaller side), I didn't enjoy my entree as much. I ordered the prime rib medium, it came out more like medium well. The texture of the beef was also off, I don't know if they used older beef or what happened exactly with it, but it didn't taste like prime rib I usually have from steakhouses.  I guess my expectations may have been high, but if you're charging those prices, any type of steak should be served in great condition. There was also like little to no au jus. I asked, and the waitress gave me an extra side of au jus. The service is fine, and I'm sure it's beautiful on a sunny summer day, but overall the food didn't impress me.
Awesome ambiance  - great food - server was fantastic! Can't wait to go again!
The good was great. Try the buffalo calamari.  It was surprisingly good. Their fries are also very good. The only con I had was the entree took a while to come out, but we had also took the last available table. The view if the bridge is nice from the outside bar. I recommend getting s drink there while waiting for an outdoor table.
i had a great experience here. The place is pretty huge, right by the water with a great view of the bridge. i came here with a wedding party, it was a bit pricey but i didn't have to pay lol. The ny steak stripe I ordered was delicious and juicy, the cucumber cosmo was strong and the bella peach drink was very tasty. =) the chocolate brownie dessert was served in a mason jar, which is good for just one person or sharing with one other person if you aren't that into sweets the strawberry short cake dessert though was super huge. that is something you can share with maybe 4 people. one of the wedding party guest ordered it and this guy can eat but he had to share this dessert because he couldn't even finish it lol. There was a cover band that set up and started playing. they were very entertaining. i need to find a place like this in the bay area stat.
Haven't been here in quite some time but was pleasantly surprised this afternoon when we stopped in for lunch. I had half a dozen fresh raw blue point oysters on the half shell with tasty cocktail sauce and a shallot mignonette - a steal at $9. My friend had a tasty Mediterranean sandwich with sweet potato fries. The fries were so good, light crispy and sweet, not drowning in oil at all! Service was very good and as always the outside dining offers spectacular views!
Meh - this place is overhyped just because of the location. Don't get me wrong; the location is absolutely perfect; but only if you can get on the outside patio; this place is quite big. FOOD - meh, its really expensive for dishes that I could make a lot better at home; the other reviewers are accurate though, the buffalo calamari is quite smashing. TIPS - 1. Go during lunch!!! - they have a great lunch menu; really inexpensive as well; and on a nice day sitting on the patio, there's nothing better. 2. Go to the ICE HOUSE restaurant! - this is right on the water past the train station! It's a very trendy spot; equally great views; amazing beer selection; food is some of the best food I've had (greatest butternut squash); and did I say this place was trendy and inviting??
My cousin raved about "dining with a view" and brought us to lunch here on a Tuesday at noon. Pros: * The view & the terrace are nice; but as many have stated, the view is a given thing and not really part of the service or food quality of this restaurant. * The manager was accomodating and tried to make things right several times. * The food was okay. Not more, not less. Cons: * The hostess wanted to seat us (5 adults, 1 baby with a highchair) on a table for four (!) with one end backed to the railing aka useless - even though there were plenty of other tables available. Apparently she was afraid the baby would be a pain & wanted to sit us far away of everyone else in the last corner of the patio - with no views to enjoy. When we said something, she still tried to convince us that this table would be sufficient for us and due to fire rescue paths (bla bla) she could not offer anything else. Not cool. She claimed that all of the large round beautiful tables (with a great view of the Hudson) were taken. We spoke up again that we thought (actually it was pretty obvious!) we would not all fit & she went to get the manager. We were then brought to one of the nice round tables by him (Oh, so they weren't all taken after all?!) and he seemed apologetic. Did not like the hostess's behaviour; did not feel welcomed at all. Also, she just dumped off the highchair next to me; I had to move around and rearrange the superfluous chairs by myself. Not my job, not cool. * Our waitress was fine until the food came out - only 2 of 5 plates arrived. The other 3 plates came with a 5 minute delay. The manager did come out (without a complaint from our side), apologize and give us a gift card for a free appetizer, but our waitress never said a word. She should have apologized as well. Overall, the views and the breeze were nice - but not breathtaking - and the best part of this lunch. Though the food was fine, I would not return due to the service and lack of welcoming atmosphere.
Hubby loved his prime rib. The wine is very fairly priced and delicious. I had the chicken panini and the bread was not what I expected. It was a squished roll- not toasted. The chicken was tough and could have been better prepared.... But I am a panini snot lol.... Awesome views and excellent staff. Fast service. The restaurant is very pretty and modern
The food is like banquet hall food, by which I mean: the food is not good. And on weekend evenings, a quiet dinner by the water is hard to have when there's a cheesy dance club situation in the room next door. Super awkward.
They round up your bill when you pay cash! Imagine how much extra money they take in and don't pay tax on!  We will never eat there again!!  Such a rip off. We ate on the patio with views of a parking lot and dirt!
We came for a Friday night R&B band doing a show.  I try not to spend more time than I need in the city of Poughkeepsie.  I will say that the atmosphere was perfect.  Definitely a crowd of grown folks.  Sometimes it's a relief to be around mature people an not kids.  There were a huge crown of people dancing and I would've danced myself if I were feeling better that night.  Either way, I've always avoided Shadows because of the crowd.  I have enough knuckleheads in my family, if I want that, I'll go to the Bronx.  I will be back and see if this is the real deal and not a fluke.
The food is completely mediocre. It's like going to a glorified Cheesecake factory with a  young and overwhelmed service staff. This is middle America food people. Maybe I'm spoiled from living in New York City too long but this food is totally MEH. The views of The Hudson are amazing and it is affordable so go with low expectations, stick to simple dishes and enjoy the view and a nice cold glass of wine!
Shadows on the Hudson is amazing.  I've been here a few times with different types of experiences.  I held a bridal shower there for 80+ people.  The service was excellent and the food was wonderful.  My absolute favorite was the cake with a nutella cream in the middle.  I still dream about it.  We also attended a dinner party in one of the rooms for about 20-25 people.   Once again, the service was excellent and the food superb.  I'm not a seafood lover but my kids and husband enjoyed their seafood appetizer options.  Another fabulous feature is the outside seating with a view of the Hudson and the walkway.  I can only imagine sitting there and enjoying the seasons - especially the upcoming fall with the leaves changing color.   One of my favorite places!
The first word that comes to mind when I think of this place is "fun." The food was fun (and delicious), the decor was fun, the staff was fun, the experience was fun. Even the bathrooms were fun. A good time was had by all, and it's a shame it isn't closer so I wouldn't have to drive all the way down to Poughkeepsie to get here!  It was also so packed we had to park on the street 3 blocks away. Crazy! There was some sort of convention going on next door at the banquet hall I guess. We had a reservation so we were seated very quickly. Right by the window next to the river and a view of the bridge. A gorgeous view! We ordered drinks and I got a mojito. Mint was fresh, and they didn't skimp on the rum! I ordered steamed clams as an appetizer, and I didn't realize the clam basket came with mashed potatoes in the bottom of the dish in the garlic sauce. Surprise potatoes, what a good surprise! I also ordered the fra diavolo pasta and it was phenomenal. At this point I was so full from the appetizer that I decided to take it home because really why would I leave something so amazing behind? The waitress was very funny and attentive, but not overbearing. I'm sure this is a very different experience on weekends or when it becomes the hot party spot for all the local college students, but for a Thursday evening it was a good time.
This is tough to write because I thoroughly enjoy going to their brunch... however, bad experience after bad experience will now keep me away. First time was with a rude waitress who actually wasn't our assigned waitress but was very rude when we asked her a question.  Second visit we, funny enough, had the waitress who was rude to us the first trip but was great this time but had coffee splashed on my clothing by, again, not our assigned waitress but another waitress. No apology just, "whoops" and walked away. Food is usually very good although the dessert table gets depleted pretty quick and is sometimes slow to replace. Ambiance is great, food is pretty good but just don't ask another waitress for help... you will regret it...
I really wanted to like this place...really.  The location is amazing. You can sit outside and look at the Hudson River while you have dinner.  It makes any chick you bring on a date...like you instantly!!! But damn..they really need to work on their food quality. Its a really big spot.  The bar looks really cool, the dining area is well maintained. But I gave it 2 stars because I came here to eat...and I left there not satisfied at all.  I have to say that the waiter was very nice and attentive. I ordered a burger, since someone told me how good they were.  Somebody lied! I usually order my burger medium or medium well.  What was served to me was a super overdone brick of meat.  I'm not the one to send back food, since I think they do all kinds of things to your new order...so I just eat it.  It was bad, but the crab cake I ate for an appetizer was okay.  I wouldn't shut this place down all the way, I think they just need to pay closer attention to whats being thrown out on their plates. I think if I'm in the area again, I'll go and try something even more simple than a burger.  That view of the Hudson is really hard to deny.
My friends brought me for brunch this past Sunday bc i absolutely love brunch and mimosas and an overabundance of food on a lazy Sunday with a pick of breakfast and dinner-ish eats. Eyyo!   I always thought Shadows was a nicer, ritz-y kinda joint and when we arrived there were mucho heads.  As I start to study around and get a feel for the crowd, the food and service, its not quite the 4 and 5 star as I assumed.  Our booth up by the bar had ripped upholstery and made this clunking noise if you leaned on it in a certain spot. Uhh ok, is this Shadows on the Hudson or The Old Country Buffet?   The food was an enormous variety but quality wise, it was so-so.  The eggs, potatoes, bacon and sausage were on par.  I tried this stuffed pork with a spinach looking substance inside, wrapped in proscuitto and was hoping for a wow factor w that bc it looked great.  It was mehhh mostly bc it was not hot at all and the spinach/cheese whatever mixed center was not melty and soft but just a big chunk.  The chicken marsala was not flavored well and I could barely cut that biotch.  My dude and I both thought it was old chicken and tasty off. As for the patrons, some were in their Sunday best and looking lovely, others were a part of  communion parties, and then you had the lower end of the scale patrons who thought the Tilapia Provencal was a fish "Pro-Vink-ill."  I couldnt stop laughing at that but also showed that this was more of a budget buffet than a brunch on the hudson fine dining afternoon. My other annoyance was the lack of certain foods like eggs benedict, turkey sausages, and wtf.... no mimosas?! I know you don't always have the luxury of getting bottomless ones but no even one effing bevvy was included? We asked the bartender if there were any alc drinks we could order by pitcher and he said no, making us all get individual ones... Two mins later I look at the beverage menu and see one cocktail sold.... BY.THE.PITCHER.  Thanks a lot bro. Ya damn newb. I would still prob come back as I dont think this wicked stomachache and nausea I'm getting now is associated w the food from Sunday but rather the dozen beers I polished off during the day after.  I'd give it another shot Fo Sho.  Not expecting anything overly fabulous, but just a decent brunch.
I love this place. When I was in college I would always go here with visiting family, and occasionally with friends when we wanted to be fancy (ie., not order takeout Chinese.) I'm generally not a fan of those kind of genre-less restaurants with huge menus, but the views at Shadows are gorgeous, the service is wonderful, the drinks are fabulous, and the food is good. I go to this place for ambiance more than anything else--don't get me wrong, the food is tasty, but it's nothing life-changing. Try the Hudson Valley Punch and the triple-layer chocolate cake. Mmmmmmmm. Time your visit so you'll be there for sunset...truly stunning over the Hudson. And when the weather is nice, sit outside on the deck!
Shadows has a pretty good happy hour scene compared to other places in Poughkeepsie. The chic bar lounge provides plenty of space to let people roam around and socialize. Although this bar area gets packed around this time, the open spacing doesn't make it seem stuffy at all. The dining area has great ambiance and view across the dining area of the Hudson River. During spring/summer months, it's really charming to have lunch right by the water. My favorite is their garlic bread tower w/ gorgonzola fondue...always a hit with my girlfriends and I. Their sandwiches, salads, and pastas all are pretty tasty modern American fare. The waitstaff are generally pretty nice and always accommodating, no complaints there.
Come here for dinner, not to dance. Shadows has an excellent menu and fantastic views and ambiance. However as a night club, it's a little intense. If you like to fist pump to loud techno with flashing lights in your expensive tight dress with a mixture of too old to be here and young and just having fun...then maybe this is the place for you. I gets VERY crowded on weekends, especially in the summer. You pretty much can't move. I've done events here as a liquor sampler many times and I can tell you that I can't ever wait to get the hell out of there! Their Sunday brunch however is pretty good. It's a buffet style (which isn't my favorite) but it's not a wide variety of options including dessert. Food is fresh. They have a carving station and waffle maker. They don't serve alcohol until noon though.
Great place for lunch and dinner. The buffalo calamari is a must. There lunch menu is great especially the burgers.
This review is a little late but I am posting it anyway. I have always liked Shadows primarily due to the location. Went here for New Years Eve dinner. Although the food was good I felt it to be overpriced. Some of the things like the deserts did not appear to be made on premises. Overall it was a good time but like I said was a little overpriced and I felt the portions to be smaller than usual, maybe that is my imagination. But at $55 a person I don't feel that I should be walking away hungry. The horseradish sauce with my prime rib was terrible, but the meat was good.
As many have already mentioned, the Buffalo Calamari is delicious here. The location is amazing and the ambiance is great for a nice dinner or date night. Unfortunately, that's all I can really rave about. To be fair, we went on Marist's graduation weekend, so many students and their families had the same idea. Post-graduation dinner celebration. My friends and I made reservations months in advance because we expected Shadows to be jam-packed. We got there early for our 7:30 reservation and were told our table wouldn't be ready for another 40-45 minutes. So okay, it's busy, we get it. We waited over an hour. We're finally seated by 8:45. We get our bread and drinks pretty quickly, but our waiters don't come by for another half hour to take our orders! Our table had a bet going on whether our salads (not even the main course!) would get to us before or after 10:00. All right, so we're done eating by 11. Time for the check...or not. We ask for it, but our waitress doesn't return to our table with the check for another half an hour. We're nearing midnight. This is ridiculous. I'd gone up to another waiter to ask about where our check was and he said our waitress was working on it. I know problems may occur, but would it hurt to swing by our table to give us an update? Food itself was eh. Not worth the four hours we spent in the restaurant. The stir fry rice was under-cooked. My friend and I both ordered the salmon dinners. Somehow I managed to get a piece of salmon that was TWICE the size of her's. We asked about it and they said it was distributed by weight...but my piece definitely weighed way more. We finally left just before midnight. After graduation and moving out of the dorms, we definitely didn't want to be sitting in a restaurant until midnight. I don't rate this a 2-star based on this one experience. I've been to Shadows several times before and have never been impressed. It's a lot of flash but not much to back it up.
The rehearsal dinner for my cousin's wedding was here and I can see why they chose it.  First off the view from the patio seats is breathtaking in the evening.  On the other side of the river is nothing but trees and a bridge in the distance, no businesses or homes, not even a single lamp post.  After the sun sets that side of the Hudson is just blackness. We all started out picking away at 4 appetizers: - chicken tenders were good and crispy, not a dry bite - coconut crusted shrimp a bit on the greasy side but juicy and a lot of coconut there - baja chicken egg rolls, think SW egg rolls from Chili's but noticeably better (cilantro does it) - crab and artichoke dip with wonton "chips", good to see it didn't skimp on the first 2 ingredients and just go heavy on the cream cheese. I don't remember all the entrees but the shrimp scampi with the garlicky buttery sauce was excellent, and someone was raving about the ribeye (lots of steak addition options too).  I wasn't privy to the drunk orgy of obnoxious pompous college kids or the "trendy" atmosphere, but then we left before the big clubbing hours. Another bonus - I left my ring in the bathroom after washing my hands, came in the next day to get it and they already had it waiting for me.
I went here for some after work appetizers and drinks during their happy hour specials or $5 drinks (normally $10) and $5 appetizers.  (more on their $5 drinks later). Their outside seating was really nice.  The decor is modern, but I cannot tell what they are trying to be? Are they a nightclub? A yuppie after work spot? A trendy college spot for pretty people(as their local commercials would lead you to believe)?  A European sex club with weird s&m novelty rooms? The appetizers were barely worth (actually not worth) the half price cost.  My emulsified sauce was broken, and shrimp over cooked.  The drinks, normally costing $10 each, were nothing more than Cuervo, Seagrams, etc.  (not top or even medium shelf) -- WAY overpriced at $10.  Not to mention the bartender didn't know the menu (POS wasn't updated and new menus the kitchen was cooking were not even printed nor memorized by staff).  Instead of training the senior bartender was going over his social calendar. Let me explain, when we arrived we were told they were in a "menu transition."  They had a new menu, but didn't have time to print it out prior to service on this day.  HELLO, a menu transition should be seamless, only daily regulars should even know this has happened.  Your waiters didn't even know what was on the new menu.  They had to keep running back to the POS to find out what the menu options were.    Wow, that's great service. In summary this place is a weird, try-to-do-it-all, restaurant/bar.  The food was horrible, service low and disorganized, and management should be blamed for all.  A HUGE disappointment. With 2,000 culinarians just up the block at the Culinary Institute of America It seems that they should have no problem getting quality servers and cooks.   Yet it seems their staff is infiltrated with typical low-skilled cooks and servers.  Who simply don't understand hospitality.   An extreme disappointment and my review is generous.  Maybe I went on a bad day, but a good restaurant doesn't have such bad days and low service standards. I digress.  Did I mention the view was really nice? UPDATE: To Shadows' credit the GM contacted me through yelp, and encouraged us to give them a try again and that my experience was an anomaly.   I appreciate their interest in correcting my experience and we will happily give Shadow's another chance on the next nice spring weekend.  I know how difficult restaurants are to run (I've done it), and any restaurant willing to improve is worthy of an updated review!  And the view really is neat and will continue to improve as I believe the long term-plan is to build a marina next door.  Thank you for contacting me directly Shadows.
Went to Shadows on the Hudson this past Friday for a celebratory dinner with 5 other people.  I have been here several times before for both lunch and dinner.   Shadows gets a perfect score for the ambiance and location, although the main dining area is huge and tends to make one feel like they are lost in a large sea of dining tables filled with strangers.  It lacks that "comfy" feel that can make a romantic dinner feel very special.   My biggest disappointment is related to the food and drinks.  I feel that the quality of the food was mediocre and is not indicative of the image that Shadows portrays and advertises.  I agree with an earlier reviewer with regard to the steep cocktail prices which do not feature top-shelf derived concoctions.  When I pay $10.00 for a lousy drink, I expect to feel the alcohol by the end of the drink.  When I don't feel the effects of alcohol from a $10.00 drink, I know that there was hardly any liquor in the beverage, which constitutes a total rip-off in my book.   Service is spotty- good on some occasions, lacking on others, but has never been terrible.   Once again, I left Shadows with a feeling of "Eh", and therefore, I don't think I will continue to patronize their establishment.  Time to try the Bull and Buddah!!
Great view. Good food and drinks too. Been to a few events here as well as just to hang out with friends and have always enjoyed the atmosphere and the service. Late at night there's music too which is a great way to enjoy summer nights out on the deck.
OK- I am not much of a brunch person, it's just too much pressure to decide which meal you are eating. Do I really want Crabmeat Stuffed Filet of Sole touching my eggs? It's so disturbing. Shadows Sunday brunch is a winner. I confess I am a brunch dilettante but this is the best I have experienced. This meal this makes you feel like a grown-up. It is a special treat and a fantastic value at just $15.bucks. It runs from 11-2, reservations are recommended.
Shadows has always been a spot that I haven't been the biggest fan of and a place where there always seems to be issues. The positive about Shadows is that it has a great view of the river and bridge. It is a pretty decent spot to catch the sunset after work over some drinks. Unfortunately it is hard to recommend for much more than that. Whenever I've gotten food, I feel that most of it is average at best, especially at lunch. Fish tacos, burgers, and other sandwiches have all been underwhelming. Dry, tasteless. Brunch and catering seem to be a little better. The other people at Shadows seem to not be the best crowd either. You hold the door open or are polite and you don't even get a thank you or politeness in return (maybe because they already had a bad time here). I've had issues before about getting correct pricing during happy hour. I've had friends get kicked out of the night dance club they put on for being "too drunk" (when just minding their own business). Their last call was before midnight one of the weekend nights I've gone. They are also quick to kick people out afterwards. I've been escorted out for grabbing a friend and the bouncer not interpreting it right. There are better places to go eat, dance, or enjoy drinks.
A quick primer, I have been there during the evening for dinner, as well as at night for the "club". This review will focus on the night life. So I remember going to this place when it opened. There USED to be a strict dress code, you had to act right, and be willing to pay to play. You were served by knowledgeable staff, in GLASS. Now after being away from the HV for 3 years on a recent visit we went here. Now: you can wear what ever you want..they have canned beer and serve you in plastic, I'm no longer impressed. The bartenders had no special skills and seemed rushed, also the crowd seemed young, so I'm not sure if this is still 21+. Overall, go for dinner and go dance somewhere else.
Had a birthday party here last night. The place puts off a very high end vibe.  The view is stunning.  The bar area looks very cool, with a giant tv.  Nice long rack of Crystal Head Vodka. We shared some apps to start off.  The garlic bread tower, with a tangy cheese sauce and the Buffalo Calamari.  Both were delicious.  I highly recommend the Buffalo Calamari.  Wonderful buffalo sauce with blue cheese, tastes very much like any good pub staple. I had the steak and chicken teriyaki for my main course.  The steak was cooked to perfection, nice and juicy.  The chicken was also very good, not tough at all.  Both had a very nice teriyaki glaze, that went well with the fries and veggies (green beans and carrots). Overall, I really enjoyed this place.  Not as expensive as people make it out to be.  With drinks, apps, and dinner it came to about $50 a person.
Okay, so in all fairness to other reviews already posted.  I can see the confusion with the overall "feel" of this location.  It has one room that is very chic, and modern on the left as you walk past the hostess station.  Just past it to the left is a room that is almost "VIP" in look and feel, being all white behind a semi curtain of beads.  The main room is more like 3 start restaurant meets sports bar in some weird fusion... complete with giant sports screen behind the bar. Then of course your outdoor seating, which was using large plastic patio chairs. However, if you can negate what you see for a bit, and just relax your mind to the view of the river - I think you'll have the same experience I did... which is 4 stars and pushing for 5 really. First, the one that everyone seems to agree on here, the view.  It really is nice!  We actually got a chance to see a cargo train traveling up the opposite river bank.  While simple, and nothing to really call home about, it added a subtle visual ambience that was nice.  You can see up and down the river, with rolling hills directly across from the restaurant and following the river.  It really, truly is, quite lovely. Second, there has been mixed reviews on the food, but I'd like to be one to say that everything I had was delicious.  To the point of surprise.  After reading reviews here, and the minimal confusion by the "look" of Shadows, I was already on edge and expectant of "chain" style food.  Little flavor, and "micro-waved".  What I had was anything but what I expected, and was amazing.  I couldn't stop eating! I started with the crab cake, which I admit was a bit soft for me.  I like it cooked to firm up a bit more on the outsides, but aside from that was really good with nice chunks of crab through-out.  This was followed by their house salad, which was really good... the greens were crisp and cool, no bad ones mixed into the group, and really the only downer (for me personally) was that there was a lot of onion, which I'm not the biggest fan of.  But large slices so I could easily avoid it. Finally - the main course.  I went with surf and turf which was a 8-9oz filet, and a 6oz lobster tail, served with your choice of potato (I went with baked), and seasonal veggie melody (for me it was sliced carrots and string beans).  Everything was cooked to perfection... the lobster wasn't over done.  The steak was a nice medium pink in the middle (as requested) and the veggies were soft and tender, but still a bit of crisp to each bite.  Perfection and tons of flavor, all in a very ample portion. Service was also very good - the server checked on us regularly, kept drinks filled, and made suggestions for meals/deserts.  Very friendly, polite, and courteous. I can honestly say that this was a great experience, and a wonderful meal.  One that I can hopefully take up again if/when I'm out in the area.
While the view is great, I hate everything else about it. the trendiness of this place is almost sickening. the food was ok and the drinks are expensive and small. not worth it.
I think the wide variety of ratings for Shadows is due to the fact that everyone wants it to be something different.  No matter how nice a place is, it can't possibly be everything to everybody.   I like:  Outdoor dining, tasty cocktails, accomodating service, good food, and a place to have romantic dates with my man, as well as drinks and conversation with the girls. Shadows offers:  A gorgeous patio with a view of the Mid-Hudson Bridge, an extensive cocktail menu, friendly servers, and a more than adequate menu.  I've NEVER had a bad meal here, and I could make love to the desserts. I dislike huge groups of college students binge-drinking all around me, but that scene is avoidable if I choose to go for an earlier dinner and drinks.  (I mean, I get it; I went to college too, but there comes a time when that scene is just obnoxious). Yes, the prices are higher than other local spots (martinis are $10), but so what?  In my opinion, you get what you pay for at Shadows.  If you're on a budget, this is more of a splurge than you might be used to.   I've read the negative reviews, but I take them with a grain of salt.  I've had great experiences at Shadows in the past, and I look forward to many more enjoyable meals there.
Came here for my mom's birthday.  Had a pleasurable meal and the wait staff was wonderful.  Thank you Dawn. The view is fabulous.  The bar seems like it is well stocked and really would be nice to spend some time. There were 9 of us, so our orders were across the board.  Started with the corn and crab chowder.  Seemed to have a hint of sherry and was very tasty.  The menu kept me torn and we, as a group, went the full gamet of surf, to pasta, to turf.  No complaints from anybody.  This coming from a very picky and opinionated crew. Me, I had the rib eye.  Am now sleepy...  Double expesso better work, cuz I'm driving....
On the pricey side for drinks and food but is very trendy and interior decor is cool. Ceilings have color changing lights, various sitting areas of the restaurant are very diverse adding a feeling that you are at the same restaurant but maybe a having a new experience if you get to try multiple areas. Good food, nice staff, just a little on the pricey side.
Cheeeeeeeesy. It's a perfect spot to take friends for a laugh if something brings you to the vicinity of the Poughkeepsie train station. Just for appetizers (the scallops are good!) and local beers (it's the place for liney Mother's Milk. Mmm). I think where this place goes wrong is trying too hard to be too many things at once. Big screen sports-bar-style TVs, fancy-ish dishes laid out on the plate CIA-style, and decor like the Ice Room... Wow. The Ice Room... It can't decide or identify what it is aiming to be as a restaurant/bar, which makes it a challenge for patrons to walk away with a surely satiated attitude towards it.
The things that people would give-up for a beautiful view of the hudson............                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "good- food"
I've been here plenty of times and my parents love the $14 brunch buffet on Sundays. I think I would enjoy brunch more if the line to get food didn't take 10 minutes.   Always lots of food even when you come to dinner. Not the best culinary plates but good nonetheless. Good cocktails and lots of open space. The biggest selling point is the views of the river and the bridge. It's gorgeous at night.
I live in the area and have been to Shadows plenty of times so this review is for the compilation of all my visits. I know some people have said this is not appropriate for the Poughkeepsie area, but I think it is totally needed and the location is simply perfect. I had my High School Graduation party here, brunch, Bachelorette Party, numerous dinners and my Wedding after party here and each visit was better than the last. I haven't had a bad meal, pricing is a little steep, but like any place on the water you pay for the view...and there's not a better view around. The garlic bread app is A+, so you have to try it. I always forget about heading to the outside bar over the summer, but it is definitely the place to go to enjoy the outdoors. Can't say enough good things about Shadows, try it for yourself.
I've been here several times and each time, the experience gets worse and worse.  I went to Shadows with 3 other women in late July for a get-together.  There were four hostesses up front; none of them greeted us.  We had to approach them. One asked for our name and handed us a pager.  We went to the bar area and waited for a server to come by.  The server practically threw a menu at us.  When I asked what types of beer they had on draught, she angrily looked over toward the bar.  I wasn't wearing my glasses, so I couldn't read the brands they had on tap.  We finally got to an outside table.  Our appetizer came - spinach/artichoke dip.  For $10, there was about four tablespoons of dip and a few potato chips.  We had asked for ketchup for a burger we'd ordered.  It took 8 minutes to bring the ketchup to us.  The service was slow and the food was horrible.  Small amounts for large sums of money - inattentive staff and slow service. Here's what really put us over the edge: going through a PITCH black hallway to get to the restrooms.  Shadows = dark!  It was pitch black, there are Halloween haunted houses more well lit than this hallway.  Shameful and dangerous.  How do their elderly guests find their way, I don't know. Buyer beware!! If you're looking for a spot with a view of the Hudson River, try the other establishments in both Dutchess and Ulster Counties.   This restaurant is over-rated, snooty, dark and terrible. I am definitely not coming to Shadows anymore.
We went to Shadows on the Hudson this past weekend and had a great time.  The vibe inside the restaurant is kind of odd- looks like a big dance club with neon lighting but we sat on the deck which I would say is the most interesting area of the restaurant and has incredible views of the Hudson River and Poughkeepsie Bridge.  The weather was perfect and we had really good service.  I would say for the price the food is perfect- it's not trying to be fancy, they have a huge variety, and it tasted really good.  I think the view and the price of the food makes this place well worth it.
I enjoyed visiting this place. It gave me the sense of a high volume mass production meal and I think I expected this before we arrived. We sat on the deck near the outdoor bar and even though it was Marist College parents weekend we only waited about 5 minutes to be seated. I think the other reviews have covered the restaurant layout so I'll stick to our specific meals. Oh, it seemed that the dress code covered the entire range, we were casual in jeans and others were celebrating anniversaries and some larger dinner parties so some folks were dressed very formal. Interesting to have the entire range in the same place at once. I would rate our meal and service good. There are tons of waitstaff and our particular waitress was friendly and helpful. We ordered drinks, I had a straight up dry vodka martini w/olives, prepared well and dry, the olives were standard out of a jar and with the pimentos removed, nothing to boast about and nothing wrong with them either. We ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell as an appetizer and they were good. Fresh and tasty. I may not have noticed although I don't think the menu informed you what type of oysters they were. I also noticed that the appetizer menu had pretty standard offerings, Fried Calamari, Buffalo wings etc. nothing very interesting. Entrees we ordered grilled tuna and grouper. Both entrees came with a standard salad, mass produced but good, mescalin greens that were fresh as well as the rest of the veges, although didn't use much of the house vinaigrette dressing it tasted good. The grilled tuna was cooked as ordered, rare, and had a heavy sesame seed crust, it was good and just about what I expected. The tuna was served with green bean and julian carrots, not over cooked but smothered with butter sauce which is too much for my taste although it was to be expected.  Also about a cup of basmati rice, nothing special and it was good. The grouper was prepared with caper, olive, and tomato, dressing based with white wine and lemon. It was good, I love olives and the fish was prepared well, probably just a little over cooked although not dried out at all. Grouper came with the same rice and I think the same veges. We skipped desert and headed to an event we were attending. Overall was a pleasant experience with a beautiful view, which is really why we visited this place.
Great service and the food is just as good! I highly recommend the Shrimp Sautée! It's no longer on the menu but I heard a local request it and followed suit! Super happy I did! It's sautéed shrimp in a Gorgonzola cream sauce, served with garlic bread. Yummers!
Here we go.  My first review.  Deep breath. This past weekend I ate at Shadows along with my wife and parents.  My extended family originated from the once-booming city of Poughkeepsie.  As a result, my parents are relatively familiar with what the city has to offer.  Though they're database is somewhat outdated. On my Dad's suggestion we went to Shadows. The Good:  The restaurant's interior and view exceeded my expectations.  The restaurant does a good job with aesthetics.  Further, plenty of glass windows permit spectacular views of the Hudson. I should also add that the (most) of the service was pretty decent. I say "most" because of a few questions I had, and which I discuss below. The food tasted a little better than average, and the prices for lunch were pretty reasonable. The Bad:  To some, my gripes with Shadows might sound petty.  Nevertheless, I believe my concerns were justifiable. I politely asked the waiter whether he knew the vendor of the meat they served.  The reason for asking is that I'm concerned with how meat gets to my plate. Eg., environmental and health issues surrounding poorly raised meat.  The waiter, a college-age kid, said he didn't know but he could ask his manager.  That sounded reasonable; he just serves the food. I was less than impressed with the manager's response.  The manager stopped by the table to clarify what I type of information I was requesting.  After a brief conversation, I clarified that I was seeking to know the vendor of their meat, or at the very least whether the meat was organic and/or sustainably raised.  I figured my request was uncommon, so I internally excused the manager's initial feigned concern. The manager said he could find out.  He too returned without knowing much about the meat that Shadows served.  His response was also discourteous. The source of the meat is the prerogative of the establishment.  I believe, however, that the managers of the restaurant should, at least, be better versed with what they serve.  More important, the manager should be concerned and knowledgeable about the environmental and health issues surrounding the products they sell.  In fact, I could argue that economics plays into the choice of meat: Shadows should support local Poughkeepsie-area farms to ensure that the food its serves is food that (environmentally, hygienically, and economically) serves its customers.
The place is pretty spacious and i think they have put in a lot of effort to make it look somewhat nice.But i must agree that the view is great,and this place is apt to sit out in the patio and have some wine and just relax.But   -If you are really depressed and need some time for yourself .   -If you need to talk to people about how your life sucks   -If you need to breakout a sad news For any of these occasions,this place is amazing!!!! :) Maybe that's why its called Shadows! -Smriti
We had brunch here on Father's day and a special family reunion for my Grandmother's 90th Birthday.  We called ahead and got a special "room" for the whole family.  The room was more like an alcove but it was private.  The place was packed and at times it was hard to move around the food tables.   There was sooo many food choices it was hard to choose where to start.  Love the dessert was served in small portions.  The buffet tables were always full except for the fresh donuts, we waited over an hour for them to refill these well atleast that is when we got some.  They just flew off the table.  In our very large group everyone got to sample everything and no one had any complaints about the food. The service was good, but not anything special.  We did have to flag the waiter down a couple times for drink refills but he was in our "room" almost the whole time we were there.
Food was real good, its nice to order a steak and it actually comes out at the desired temperature. I also found the bar to be very well stocked.
Shadows in an interesting place - I am not totally sure that it fits in downtown Poughkeepsie, but I've been there a couple of times and had fun, so who am I to complain.  I think it looks like a Manhattan bar/club transplanted into upstate NY...weird. The same folks who built and own Torches in Newburgh (which I have reviewed) built Shadows.  You can tell that they are the same owners, but they are much different, too. I must say that I really like the the layout of Shadows.  The bar area is incredible - large, nicely appointed, and lit.  The drinks are good, and if you want something exotic, there is a Vegas trained mixologist there to make you some sort of concoction (me, I prefer a Jack & Coke). Lots of dining areas - the main area, which wraps around a corner, just inside large glass windows overlooking the Hudson and the Mid-Hudson bridge (which looks surprisingly nice when lit up at night).  In addition to the main dining area, there are a couple of smaller dining areas that are interesting - one is while on white, and the other keeps changing colors.  Interesting.  The only thing I don't like about the decor is the tree and leaf wallpaper around parts of the place (and the foyer).  I don't think it fits. The food was OK.  Not great, but OK.  All three times I ate there I enjoyed myself, but that probably had a lot to do with the atmosphere, too.  I can't even remember exactly what I got, but it was not memorable.  Still, if you are looking for a place with fairly reasonable food prices, good drinks, and a nice night life, this is the place.
I went here visiting some family. The atmosphere and the view of the Hudson is amazing! The river is especially beautiful at night! The interior is very hip and chic and great for parties. They had a live band when I went but before the band started playing they were playing party music from the top of the music charts. The music was very very loud though and it was hard for even me to hear some of our conversation. We ordered fried calamari and chips and dip to start off which weren't all that bad. The chips seemed to be homemade and very tasty albeit a bit too crunchy. Then I had the macaroni and cheeseburger which I thought was an interesting concept. It wasn't bad necessarily just very... meh. The meat wasn't juicy or flavorful; it was just beef. I also tried some green beans and mashed potatoes which were just very plain. Our server was very friendly and the food arrived promptly but the bottom line is that you're paying for the view and the atmosphere. It's a fun place but not necessarily very good.
I would happily go back to Shadows - it has all the elements of a pleasant dining experience: nice river view, friendly service, and tasty food (a wide selection of fish)! I had the seared tuna mango-avocado salad with a glass of the white house wine - both were light and delightful. Note: Watch out for their yummy fluffy garlicky bread, it is dangerously caloric and a sure way to ruin the appetite for the main meal.
I reviewed this restaurant 2 years ago on another website with 5 stars - and it was one of my favorite restaurants to go to.  This past year, I've visited 3 times, and I'm knocking it down to 4 stars - still a really amazing place, but it doesn't blow me away like it used to (I'd really like to rate it 4/5 stars, but can't do that) This is a great place. No matter where you sit, the environment is the BEST. You can sit at the large outside dining area directly on the Hudson River (with a beautiful view of the Mid-Hudson Bridge in it's lit-up glory), or you can sit inside. The large Main dining area has a view of the bar, and above the bar is a beautiful "night sky" with twinkling stars; or try one of the 2 smaller rooms...the completely white room or the room where the lights gradually change color! So cool! The food is between $20 - $40 per person, but definitely worth it - so tasty! Try the scallops wrapped in bacon as an appetizer - melt in your mouth. The mixed drinks are really different than you would find anywhere else & have fresh fruits in them - really good. (When I reviews this 2 years ago, I wrote that you can feel a buzz after drinking a mixed drink, but you would never tell you were drinking anything w/ alcohol in it because you couldn't taste it - which I liked.  The last 2 times, the drinks have been a little strong, though.) The service is also very good. Wish I lived closer, but it's worth a trip! Side Note:  Nightlife - I've been there twice during nightlife hours.  The have a DJ & a lot of good music, but people don't seem to dance at this place, though there's a good amount of room.  Mostly people just crowd by the bar.  Young crowd (20's), and a lot of people who have weddings at the neighboring hall come here after the reception to continue the party.
The Sunday Brunch at Shadows has been my go to place for visiting relatives, special occasions and a little splurge for my husband and I.   I have been waiting all week for the most delicious, creamy and perfect scrambled eggs.   Our reservation was at 1:00pm not too late to still have fresh food.   What a disappointment.     They were overcooked and rubbery at best.    The bacon and sausage were perfect though.    On the way to brunch I looked on Yelp for the latest reviews.   There were some not so good and I hoped they were the exception and not the rule.    I was way off.    After being seated we ordered drinks from our server Cody who could not have been more attentive.    He was the perfect server.   There when we needed him but not obtrusive as some servers can be.    The dessert table was decimated.    I usually check the dessert table first as I know they can go very quickly.    Next I went to the breakfast area.    I got the aforementioned eggs, sausage, bacon and home fries.    The bacon was great as it has just been replenished.    The sausages and the potato's were just the dregs of the pan.     I then went to the fresh made waffle station and there was nobody there.    I waited along with 5 or 6 other people for a few minutes and then moved to the carving station.    The poor boy standing there had a sad little piece of something I think was Turkey and an even smaller piece of ham.    He apologized and said he had been waiting for 20 minutes for them to bring him something else to carve.    I really felt bad for him.   Some people were not so nice and took it out on him.    The waffle guy had the same thing happen to him when he came back.   He tried to explain he was waiting for batter to make the waffles.    I had told my guests about the amazing cinnamon sugar donuts and was really disappointed to see there were none.    This was our 5th or 6th visit for Brunch.   I am sad to say we will not be coming back.    Every time gets worse and worse.    I am actually embarrassed I touted how great you were to my guests only to be seen as a fool.
Food is usually good and you can't beat the view.  Sit outside on the side facing the river to get a good view of the Mid-Hudson bridge. A couple of times the food was undercooked, or missing the sauce and each time, the server stated they would have to check with the manager to see if the situation could be corrected! We had enough and stopped going to Shadows.  YMMV.  If everything comes out okay the first time, you should be good, but we don't like being treated as second class citizens.
Service was pleasant p.  both of our prime ribs were over cooked. He ordered rare, I ordered medium.  Both came out well.
Went for a quick lunch today and the view and the sandwich of the day were both keepers. The staff were professional and pleasant. The desserts looked tempting,  A must try if in the area.
Went here for dinner for the first time last week, and was pleasantly content. My date and I started off with mozzarella and bacon wrapped scallops, both were absolutely tasty! I then ordered the filet mignon with the bacon and gorgonzola crust for my entree. I ordered it medium, but it was a bit pinker than I would have liked (I grew up on well-done, no pink whatsoever) and the "crust" was more of a simple crumble on top, but nonetheless, quite yummy.  For dessert my date got the bananas foster, which was good, but wasn't as good as my alsatian cheesecake, which was beyond delicious. We sat out on the patio, which gave us a wonderful view of the river. The service was fantastic- friendly and professional. The also have a free valet. I'd recommend making a reservation if you're going on a weekend.
Shadows is the definition of a three-star establishment. While the view and ambiance of the place are GREAT (during the day, or at night), the staff, prices, food, and drink are all egregiously underwhelming. Every time I've been there, it's been because I've been dragged by friends who want to go somewhere "classy". Shadows gets a lot of local attention and is always crowded on the weekends. Don't get me wrong, it's a nice bar and is a cool place to hang out on occasion, but it's definitely overrated. The lackluster service is not forgiven when you realize you're paying $11 for a drink you could get for $6 or $7 virtually anywhere else. The food is mediocre at best, especially at lunchtime...dry, tasteless, boring, and predictable. The quality is honestly no better than any family-style chain restaurant where you would literally spend half the money. As a "classy" place, it fails to deliver the remarkable, memorable experience you would expect. I've had dinner a couple times, and was only slightly more impressed than the lunch experiences I've had. Food is okay, portions are generally small, like what you would expect at a high-end restaurant, since the quality at such establishments is usually impeccable. However, at Shadows, you pay $20 for an entree that leaves you wanting more -- both quantity-wise, and quality-wise. (And no, I don't expect or eat above-average portions.) At the bar, the staff is extremely unfriendly and acts like they're doing you a favor by pouring some gin in some tonic water. They glare at you as you fork over a $20 bill, and while your insides slowly melt, you realize you only have $7 left after you leave them a tip. But fear not - you owe that to the valet driver out front once you're ready to leave. But fear not, you don't HAVE to valet park. You can drive down the hill and park in their general lot down in front of the river. But if you've never been there before or you're not with someone who has, you won't know that, because there is no indication that non-valet parking even exists, besides out on the street on Rinaldi Blvd. You literally have to drive past the valet drivers as they give you a stern look, and then only you can wrap your way down the hill to find a spot in the general lot. Another thing that annoys me: as a so-called "classy" joint, they DO have a dress code. Guys - you're technically not allowed in with shorts on in the summer. You need to be wearing pants. No, not jeans, but pants. Okay, sure - are there sometimes people in there wearing jeans or even shorts? Sure. But it depends on who YOU are, and WHEN you're coming in. Especially on weekend "bar nights", you're expected to be wearing a button-down, slacks, and a jacket. You may get away with not doing so, but can technically be turned away at the door. It's happened. This may be a matter of opinion, but I'm throwing it in anyway: the general public at Shadows also pisses me off. This place seems to attract middle-class to upper-middle class 30-40 year olds who are extremely entitled and rude. Don't expect someone to have the common courtesy to hold the door for you, excuse themselves after running you over, or having the decency to throw their used paper towels into the trash can when they're finished. Sure, it's a bar, and some level of debauchery is implied, but Shadows seems to attract an especially obnoxious crowd. Again, matter of opinion. This review has gotten a lot longer than I intended. Basically, this place is mediocre for drinks and food. It's a nice place to go to once, very pretty at night, and probably good for a weeknight date. I don't recommend it at all as a weekend bar or a place to grab lunch with a friend.
I visited Shadows when a girlfriend suggested we brunch here this past weekend. Loved the location of this restaurant. Right on the Hudson River, with panoramic views to boot. I can imagine how beautiful this would be when the weather's just right. The "Jamaican sunrise" cocktail was a delicious tropical treat and the lettuce wraps as appetizers were ok. But the service was a bit lack-luster and we had to ask for clean glasses for our tables. The ones already set up were visibly stained. Not a good look...3 stars for the locale, delicious drink and appetizer.
Great, reasonably priced dinner with a view.  I stopped here for an early dinner after attending an all day event in Rhinebeck.  The server was great, the food was great and did not break the bank--small cut of prime rib, with warm bread, salad, veggies and baked potato for $18.  The food was prepared and seasoned well, presented nicely and arrived without delay.  The meat was medium rare, just as ordered and was a nice sized portion for the smaller "queen cut."  Yum, yum.  I will go back next time I am up North.  .
I'm very torn on how to rate Shadows. On one hand, the food and view should receive 5 stars. On the other, the service rated about 2 stars. Banking on a gorgeous night view of the Hudson, I took my sister and best friend here for both of their birthdays. I called a week in advance and they were almost completey booked (with it being graduation weekend at local colleges), but somehow we still managed to score patio seating. Although it was a little breezy, the view was well worth it. I ordered the veggie panini with sweet potato fries and then a pitcher of white sangria for the table. My fellow diners ordered another panini and the fettucine alfredo. I must say, those sweet potato fries will now be the measuring stick for all future fries...and I doubt any will come close. I even dipped them in some melted gorgonzola that came with our bread and that just made them even better! I still dream about these fries. Unfortunately, our waiter was not up to par. It would take him about 15 minutes to come back to our table when we asked for a refill on drinks, boxes for food, etc. We actually had to flag down another waiter to get our bill. I ended up giving a 15% tip, which I hadn't had to resort to in quite some time. But as my friend said, all of the other waiters seemed very helpful, so I'd go back again if I could be assured of a different waiter!
Went here for dinner while staying overnight in the area. Had done some research on decent restaurant locations that weren't your "typical" chains and this seemed to fit the bill - varied menu, nice views/atmosphere, reasonable prices and decent feedback from my fellow Yelpers. Made a reservation online (note - they don't use Open Table) and we arrived a few minutes early. They gave us the option of seating on the porch or in the restaurant itself and we of course went for the porch (which was seasonal-ready with glass surrounding it - we ventured out to the patio after our meal for a bit of fresh, crisp fall air, but wouldn't have wanted our full meal outside). I had the Parmesan-Crusted Chicken with a house salad to start. The salad and homemade Balsamic dressing were good. The chicken and its accompanying sauce and pasta were more than ample in portion size and had a delicious flavor - not too heavy, but certainly hearty. I took more than half of it home (well, actually gave it to my parents since they were driving and I was flying - and they enjoyed it as leftovers - enough for each of them to have a dinner). My parents both enjoyed their meals as well - my Mother went for the Lobster Tail and actually finished it (a rare feat for her - healthy portion, but she was able to make it through) and my Father had a Steak (I can't remember which one). The waitress was attentive and allowed minor modifications to the meals as listed on the menu since neither of my parents were interested in the squash of the day. There is ample parking at the restaurant's lot and a nice view and atmosphere. If you are in the area, it is certainly worth a visit.
Walked in on a Saturday night and was seated for a table right away. It was a fairly busy place, only a few open tables. The setup is interesting as there is a bar/lounge area right when you walk in.  The outer dinner area is surrounded by windows to allow views of the river. Our waitress was super nice, and the other staff was very attentive.  For apps we had ordered the buffalo calamari, shrimp saute with garlic bread and gorganzola sauce, and crab cakes. The Buffalo Calamari was weird at first, but I couldn't stop eating it. The calamari itself was great, it was the sauce that threw me off initially. But I polished off the plate and would recommend it if you want something more than regular Calamari. The crabcakes were okay, nothing to write home about. The Shrimp was clean and good, but the selling point was def the gorganzola sauce. We ordered this instead of the garlic bread tower because it had the same elements, without being a huge plate of bread. It was def worth it, but the garlic bread tower would have also been a great pick. For dinner my lady friend ordered the lambchops and there were amazing. She got about 6 chops altogether and it was clean tasting, tender, and juicy. I ordered the thick cute prime rib and it was huge.  Also tender and juicy, but I wish we didn't order all the apps because I was stuffed. I had ordered a soda and it came in a nice big glass, if thats a selling point to you, then there you go. all in all i thought it was great and would easily recommend it to anyone. service was friendly and the food came quickly and HOT.
It seems like they are trying to recreate a cheesecake-factory type of experience in terms of the price point and array of food options. We walked in to hear the receptionist telling a complainer on the phone that they had already charged his credit card and that they would not amend the charge. They had a buffet that looked like quantity was the goal rather than quality. They didn't have cappuccino. It was really loud. The decor is cheap and looks like that of a chain restaurant or nursing home.
We came here all three times we visited the area while apartment hunting because we couldn't stay away and we just had to bring our friends there. We loved everything about this place every time. This place was recommended to us by the first person we met in the area - a woman who had lived there over 50 years. We went after a long day of looking at apartments. We were amazed by the view of the water and how pretty the whole place looked, and when we saw the menu we thought it was just too good to be true. But we have yet to figure out what the catch is. The menu has such an awesome range of foods. You can get something simple like a burger or wrap, or get a seafood plate. This place has, hands down, the best burgers I've ever tried. I used to be super picky about burgers - nothing but the burger, the bun, cheese and ketchup. They changed how I think of burgers. The hickory burger, the mac and cheese burger, and the pulled pork burger are all to die for. The patty is huge, and they manage to get my burger well-done without drying it out, which is awesome in my book because cooks from where I'm from are not that patient. The burgers are all right around $10 and are served with delicious, fresh sea salt and pepper fries. I also had some of the most amazing beef vegetable soup I've ever tried here. My boyfriend and I planned on sharing it, and then upon taking one bite, my boyfriend turned around and ordered his own bowl. The parmesan crusted chicken was also fantastic, even leftover the next day. Our vegetarian friend loved the vodka penne. I definitely recommend that you sit out near the windows. The view is amazing on a sunny day.  Even the women's bathroom is the prettiest I've ever been in! We will definitely be going back here several times
Weird decor (forest scenes meet art deco meets NYC club chic meets Foxwoods - and that makes it sound better than it is).  I had the rack of lamb, which was cooked perfectly medium rare.  Wife had alfredo that tasted like they use mayo ad the binder.  All in all it was OK but I wouldn't care to go back for dinner.  The lamb really saved the experience for me.
I've been frequenting Shadows since they first opened a few years ago, and I wasn't ever necessarily impressed with their food, so I stopped going. However, they recently re-did their menu, and probably made some changes in the kitchen because when I went there last night the food was absolutely to die for. I ordered my steak rare, as I usually do, and it was cooked TO PERFECTION. It had the most perfect, crisp outer layer, and tender pink center, that was so flavorful I needed no sauce to put on the steak. The veggies were okay, as veggies don't ever particularly wow me in most restaurants, but my sweet potato fries were AMAZING.
My Opinion. Ive tried it again and again and I dont like it at all. My opinion its very over priced because of the view and the flashiness  . in my opinion food and sevice is not good at all .My opinion If you want to impress a girl take here here for drinks but bring your check book. I am dreading the next party I have to attend here!
As other reviewers have mentioned, the place is a strange mish mash of identity crisis.  I have been to Shadows 3 or 4 times.  It is ok.  the food is industrial and mediocre, the drinks are ok.  Staff are plentiful and service is acceptable, but not exceptional.  Atmosphere is kind of odd, but can be nice depending on when/where you sit.  I really like sitting outside on a lovely day.
Place had an amazing view of the Hudson River.  The menu was casual fine dinning. It had selections from simple appetizers, steak and chicken, seafood, pasta.  I had the Fish and Chips which was so soft tender and tasty.  The chocolate browny desert? Not so good.  Overall the experience was excellent, casual, relaxing, friendly.  I would go back.
I havent had any complaints the first time I went to this place. Great food when I went. Great for a nice mediterranean dinner. I am glad to be a customer here now, since they redid their menu and may have changed things a slight bit.
