I took a group of 12 year old kids on a hike on Bear Mountain on Saturday, and we chose Raccoon Saloon for a post hike dinner.  We changed our reservation twice before arriving at 6:30pm, but they didn't flinch, and seated us immediately.  I did feel a bit underdressed, as we were in our hiking gear, and the ambiance is definitely classier than that.  The dining room was pleasant, if a bit spare and we weren't near the windows, though we could see the lovely view as we walked in.  I am not sure if our waitress was new, or simply not very good, because she was extremely slow with everything from taking our order to bringing the bill.  It took them nearly 35 minutes to take our order, though to their credit, they did bring us nice fresh french bread and olive oil, which kept the hungry boys from eating one another, then it took another 20 minutes for them to bring the starters.   The food was excellent however, and the portions very large.  I would recommend all but the hungriest diners to split their 12 oz burger or the side of fries.  We also had the satay starter and the caprese salad.  the chicken was tender and nicely grilled, and the tomatoes in the caprese salad were very fresh and flavorful.  The steak was especially good, a fine cut of meat perfectly cooked. Unfortunately, I think we may not have made the best choice, as 12 year olds don't take long waits well, and it was difficult to keep them from fidgeting for the long wait.  It was a birthday, but we had to cancel our cake and dessert as it was nearly 9 o clock before they were ready to serve it.  Even getting the check took me three trips to the bar and asking every one from the bartender to the hostess before they finally brought it to us.   I will definitely go back next time we are in the area, but maybe just with my wife.
Quite possibly the most memorable burger I've ever eaten. That was approximately five years ago. It was that amazing. Very rarely can you savor the taste of the hamburger patty, but it was such flavorful meat. It was extremely succulent...yes, I'm still talking about a burger. Very juicy. The name of the restaurant scared me, but I still remember it so it did its job. If we're ever in the area again, I would love to have another burger.
The sky cried so much last night that the waterfalls were overflowing with tears of joy and luckily one of the nicest cascades to see is just out the back of the Raccoon Saloon where we happened to lunch today. Our wonderful server told us that it has not been so bountiful in recent memory. I don't doubt it. The rains were torrential over the past day or so. So blessed with not only with the serene sounds of a rushing waterfall but an amazing view of the Hudson and the very much appreciated blue sky, we sat down for a meal in between errands pertaining to mapling madness. As is our normal, we lunched at a rather odd hour, almost 3 so we had the place to ourselves until an elderly couple came in for early early bird LOL. Thanks to the trusty yelp app and the recommendations for the RS veggie burgers we knew what to order. I got mine with onion rings and The L. got his with sweet potato fries and cheese with jalapenos. We both loved that the veggie burgers appeared to be made in-house along with the fries and rings. I have not had a good veggie burger like that in a while and I dare say it rivaled Poppy's across and down the River and is certainly much much better than Woody's down stream. It was heavy and full of veggie chunks and did not fall apart into pieces. I can easily see us going back just for those burgers time and time again. And 4 instead of five stars as I am hoping there is even better waiting for us. No complaints today at all. I am sure the bar gets lively at more appropriate hours and once the weather stays nice the Raccoon Saloon will see us darken its door as a destination lunch stop while out jauntying on the Harley. Good times today, good times ahead. :))) Here is a link to its history as per Peter L.: :))) rootsweb.ancestry.com/~n… youtube.com/watch?v=wjFZ… (changed the video-much cuter!)
Friendly service and very good dinner specials. Awesome view of sheer cliff and waterfall. I just couldn't get over the really bad coffee and the even worse dessert; the waitstaff should have dissuaded us from ordering the post-meal fare instead of letting us suffer  interminably.
Raccoon Saloon in Marlboro got its name from a particularly friendly family of raccoons that inhabited a ravine behind the establishment. As the story goes, a previous owner cut a passage through a wall for the clownish ringtails and would hand feed them to amuse his bar patrons. Today the Saloon is owned by Kevin Hardy and Ronan O'Neill, who purchased the restaurant in June. The pre-Revolutionary War building, formerly known as the Pleasant View Hotel, sits at the crossroads of this small town. Three stories high, the white-and-blue edifice still looks like a stagecoach could pull up at any moment. The interior is a fusion of several generations --- tin ceilings next to acoustic tiles, Tiffany lamps with bronze aluminum spots. Decor reflects two continents, blending Americana with European art nouveau. Of three dining areas, the best spot is the small room where we were seated, which overlooks a tall waterfall and the Hudson River. The sound of rushing water mixed with Van Morrison and Roy Orbison made for a relaxing sundown.
I came here recently with my parents when I was visiting them in the Hudson River Valley. I was here years ago as well but have no memory of what I ate. I do remember the stunning view of the river and little waterfall from inside the inn, however, and it didn't disappoint this time either. Be sure to get a table near the windows in order to enjoy this great view. The food is fine, but wasn't anything amazing in my opinion. I had the crab cake sandwich with sweet potato fries. The crab cake was a bit mushy, but that's preferable to being dry. The fries were pretty good. I was not a fan of the house catsup, and I have a feeling a lot of other people must not be either since the waitress made a point of bringing over Heinz right away. The parking situation is also a bit awkward here since you can only park right in front of the inn, but it's parallel parking, so if you happen to be arriving from the other direction, you have to find parking on a side street unless you want to circle around to come back the other way to park in front. There's also no good place to cross the street to get to the inn, so you just have to take your chances and cross the highway. All in all, I think this is a charming place to eat if you're in the area. The food may not be stellar, but the views are.
I don't know what to say about this place. I definitely enjoyed my meal; very good calamari and the burgers are pretty good. My favorite part of the meal was gazing out the window to admire the beautiful waterfall that was pouring down below us. Fyi: If you are very afraid of heights, DO NOT sit next to the window in the back room. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because there were"curried greens" underneath my fried calamari. I tried some of it, it was okay but I became extremely sick that night and stayed that way a few days afterward. Not sure if it was the food or something else, but all I know is I'm never eating anything curried again.
What can you say about a restaurant that flawlessly handles 64 people for a rehearsal dinner on a Friday night? We had 3 different hors d'ouvres, soup du jour or house salad, four different entrees (Flank Steak, Grilled Chicken Breast, Filet of Salmon and Bowtie Pasta) served with mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes and vegetable medley along with coffee or tea. An open bar was available for the entire dinner and we supplied the cake. A review of the bakery will follow soon. I believe I can say that a good time was had by all - and we definitely will come again (not all 64 of us). Many thanks to Ronan, JP, Neil and all of our servers. Almost forgot - I asked for home made potato chips at all of the tables (10 of them) as well as the bar and they delivered in style!
I dined here twice on my way back from Bear Mountain and I can categorically state that I ate the best roast beef of my entire life at this charming and rustic inn. Since cooking is a hobby, I often make roast beef and have never been able to duplicate the tender juicy goodness that is the Raccoon Saloon Roast Beef Platter. All hail the roast beef gods. My plan is to drive up in the spring and partake of something other than the roast beef, but we'll see how I manage.
Raccoon Saloon is so much more than the name indicates.  It is a fine dining establishment in the guise of a relaxed place of food and drink.   How good is it?  I am a french fry connoisseur and can say unequivocally that the fries here are the best I've had in years.  They are served with a fruity house-made ketchup.  The veggie burger was warm and gooey.  Veggie lasagna was savory and filled with zucchini, carrots and mushrooms.  Desserts are masterful with great attention to detail. Everything at Raccoon Saloon is distinctive, high-quality, local when possible and delicious.  The staff was welcoming and personable (especially valuable to an out-of-towner like me).  If you are in the Marlboro area, you owe it to yourself to come, eat, drink and enjoy.
The 12 oz burgers are huge.  I ordered the house burger with blue cheese. It was ok.. Not the best of the Hudson Valley as advertised but its OK.. You may get preoccupied by the size and you may think its the best when its really just OK.  I also had the onion rings. They were tasty but clearly not house made.. they must order big frozen bags of onion rings from some place and just cook them up in a deep fryer.. Disappointed they were not made in house.  As for cleanliness.. They need to clean up the cob webs and the spiders in the webs that were above our heads in the corners of the wall.  I know that sounds bad but it would not stop me from going back.  Service was very good.  Our waitress was good and efficient.
Good view, good food and local flair...that's pretty much what I'm looking for when I'm out of town, and the Raccoon Saloon delivers on all three fronts.  Better yet, the owners make you feel like part of the crowd, unlike many other restaurants which look down of outsiders (or at least treat them differently). The drinks were cold and replenished frequently.  As far as food, the polenta cakes with fried onions were a surprise hit.    My only beef was with the homemade veggie burger.  It was absolutely delicious...but the center lacked firmness. I will definitely return soon.
Stopped in here for a quick drink, so my 3 stars probably doesn't do this place justice.  The location was quite scenic... the dining tables overlooked some waterfalls but we had to sit at the bar.  The bartender and staff were extremely friendly and quite entertaining.  I'd have liked to have tried the food at this place because it looked pretty good.  Consider this a high 3 stars with an option to upgrade to 4 if I ever get to come back here and try the food.
Pleasant place, burger good, fries better. Excellent bread, nice people, sorta classy - I think I prefer something a little less docile.
My husband, 2 friends, and I were at the nearby Benmarl winery for a Valentine's Day weekend wine, chocolate, and cheese tasting. I wanted to try this place since it had decent Yelp reviews, and it was a short distance away. I wish I had listened to the negative reviews. My husband ordered a petite burger, and he said it was pretty bad. He ordered it cooked medium, and it was cooked all the way through. His fries were well seasoned but overcooked. I had the swordfish sandwich, which wasn't bad, but there was nothing special about it. The fish itself was pretty mild and could have used more seasoning, and most of the flavor came from the bacon and avocado. The sweet potato fries were incredibly disappointing. They were overcooked, yet soggy, and I ended up tossing them after bringing them home. For $11, I guess you get what you pay for. My martini was decent, but even if I was back in the area to go to the winery, I would skip this place next time. Views were good, service was fair (it took a good 10 minutes for the drinks to come), and the food was nothing memorable.
I can't speak highly enough about the Raccoon Saloon.  I first went there in the fall of 2004, and been going back ever since.  It looks like a dive bar from the outside, but that could not further from the truth.  It is hands down my favorite restaurant in the area for a casual or even semi-casual meal.  In fact, when folks come to visit me at West Point, I often take them there.  Never had a bad meal. Contrary to an earlier review, I think all of the portions are quite large - the "regular" size 12 oz hamburger is enough for two meals (in fact, I often bring half home).  Additionally, the house ketchup they make is quite good.  Other entrees are also good, and they usually have a few interesting specials.  The bar area is small, but nice, and they serve a variety of wines by the glass and have some good beer both on tap and bottled (including Dogfish Head), all priced reasonably. A casual lunch for two, including a beer or class of wine will cost around $30.  Dinners a bit more, but still worth the price. Service has always been good when I have gone, and I usually ask for a table overlooking the back window, as the view is nice (during the day).  Reservations may be good to have on a weekend night, though waiting at the bar for 20 minutes is not a problem for me. If you are looking for a restaurant that is different from the Newburgh Waterfront, with good food, reasonable prices, and a nice atmosphere, look no further than the Raccoon.
I had visited RS a couple of times in the past and decided to grab lunch here today again. It was another wonderful visit., The host asked us if we would mind waiting to be seated a few extra minutes so that he could give us a window table which we did and that was a really nice bonus. The food (mussels, burger, meatloaf, red velvet cake) was very good and the service was attentive without being obtrusive and the bill was very reasonable. I would definitely recommend Raccoon Saloon to people.
The food was okay, though my soup was way oversalted. The burgers are huge but the meat seemed low quality to me. If you get a window table, there's a lovely view of the Hudson. The service was extremely slow and disorganized. When we came in they made us wait when there were plenty of visible open tables...then there was a long wait for the food, and when they took our credit cards we seriously thought they'd never return, and we launched into a conversation about credit card fraud. Overall it was underwhelming. We were recommended to go to the Falcon which is a few doors down but they didn't open for dinner until 5:30. With all the wait we went through, if I could have done it over again I would have waited for the Falcon to open.
When I pulled up I was a little skeptical from the outside the place looked run down but it was so charming inside. We were seated over looking the Hudson River and a waterfall, it was gorgeous. The food was amazing I had a burger which I have no idea what they do tot it but it was fabulous. I included the sauteed mushrooms and Swiss cheese and a side of Sweet Potato Fries. My husband had the special which was a Chicken Salad wrap he said it was very good. We also had the French Onion Soup which was just average and I probably wouldn't order again but the rest of the food was incredible. We will definitely be back.
Went here with my boyfriend and the food was very good.  We ate outside in the back (only 2 or 3 two-person tables available out there - though, there are a few more available in the front with a view of the town & street).  There is a great view in the back & we were the only ones out there which was nice.  They have a small bar area inside with additional seating & windows to also see the view.  It was really loud in there, though. Parking is street parking or if you can find a small lot nearby which can be hard some nights, but it's not horrible.
Since moving to the Hudson Valley I've heard nothing but good things about the Raccoon Saloon.  Last night was my first chance to try it out.  My one complaint about the location, is that parking sucks. Parallel parking on 9W one takes their life in their hands. However, the risk to life and limb from the traffic is worth it. The location is on the edge of a deep gorge offering a beautiful view of the Hudson river in the distance, and high over a waterfall from a small creek far below the building. The atmosphere is relaxed, and dress code very casual. My wife and I both decided to have the burgers which are supposed to be the best in the Hudson Valley.  Service was quick and friendly.  Fresh bread was brought to the table with warm garlic infused olive oil.  We shared an starter of mozzarella and beefsteak tomato balsamic vinegar and basil, which was extremely refreshing on a hot night.  Our burgers were everything we'd been told. And the homemade ketchup was delicious. My beer batter onion rings were excellent, and much better that my wife's over cooked homemade fries.   Overall we enjoyed the place immensely. It was slightly more expensive than our normal pub fare, but it was worth it. Dinner entrees ranged in the mid-twenty dollar range, Burger prices are around ten bucks depending on your choice of extras.
Really good hamburgers Fantastic homemade basil ice cream (probably my favorite ice cream ever) Absolutely incredible views of a huuuuuuge waterfall, ravine, and (eventually) the Hudson River behind the historic building (built in the 1700's) that houses the restaurant.   So much personality in this place.  One of my favorite restaurants in the area.
Stopped in with family for an early dinner (about 3 pm). Shame on me for not ordering a burger for my first time here, despite the rave reviews. The special of sausage and shrimp cappellini was very well done. Excellent flavors and perfectly al dente pasta. My mom's veggie burger got high marks from her as well, being handmade and packed thick with veggie goodness. Service was very friendly. I'd go five stars on this place if we didn't end up waiting over half an hour for our dishes from the time of order (3 dishes, not during lunch or dinner time). Could just be a fluke as far as timing goes. It definitely won't stop me from coming back to try the burgers. Cozy atmosphere and great views. Seems like they have a good selection of beers on tap, as well.
Food and service were ok but in my opinion place is overpriced for the area.  The only thing i remember was a smallest portion of salad i ever saw in finest restaraunts with pretty much nothing but greens and some fancy oil in it for ~8$. I was tasty but it wasnt what they call value for the money. Also I been there about 3 years ago. Not sure if it has been changed or not.
Great burgers and sweet potato fries.  Fresh ground beef.  Get a window seat and go during the day if you can so you can enjoy the view.  French onion soup has been good when I've had it.  Ask for bread if it doesn't come - that would be my only complaint.   Chicken Laura when it's on special is really good.  Parking can be dicey as traffic is fast so watch it when you get out of your car.
Well yesterday I took my niece apple picking and pumpkin picking, up state New York, and on the way back from the the farm we passed by the town of Marlboro. We wanted to get some dinner and we end up going to the Raccoon Saloon. The restaurant is located in an old building that used to be a Hotel. They had a busy night so it took them a while to get us seated but I think the wait was worth it. We got the table in the back by the windows, and what an amazing views! Fall is beautiful in upstate New York. The building is apparently on a edge of a cliff so  you can see below a waterfall and smaller river that flows into Hudson River. The golden colour of the trees just looked amazing. But enough about the views,  lets talk about the actual food. I ordered the 12OZ medium rare burger with sauteed mushrooms, sauteed onions and blue cheese and a side of sweet potato fries . For appetizers we had the black truffle chicken pate on a bed of greens, and an onion soup. Everything I got was delicious. The chicken pate was great, and the onion soup did not disappoint. Although topped with cheese, the soup was light and tasty. Now the burger was the biggest burger I've ever had in my life... and I mean it. It was probably enough to feed two people, but never the less it was cooked to perfection and I finished every bit of it. The sweet potato fries were were freshly cut and just done right. Crispy on the edges and soft inside :) Mmmmm Well I haven't done a review in a while but I was quite compelled  into writing one for this place. If you are ever driving up north, by the Hudson River, and you pass by the town of Marlboro, you got to stop by and try out this place. You wont be disappointed.
I have heard tales of the 'Saloon' before but for some reason had never kept it in my head to go. I found myself there on a Saturday night, not really knowing what to expect. With the name Raccoon Saloon, I was expecting a grungy and dirty bar with yocals chugging cheap beer and country music coming from an old busted jukebox. This place is anything but. There is a bar area on one side of the establishment with patrons watching a football game, however, there was a small dining room to the right which was a lot more formal (cloth napkins in a place means formal to me). The menu was more upscale than what I was expecting - again, the name made me think of bar food. There was a generous offering of appetizers, a sophisticated dinner selection.  There is an offering from everyone - green grazers and meatheads.  Then there is their pride and joy - BURGERS. This place is the home of the voted 'Best Burger of the Hudson Valley' - and the title holds true. They make an awesome burger. Juicy and full, this is what a hamburger should be. Aside from the food, the service was good and friendly - something that is lost in today's food establishments. I now have a reason to trek to Marlboro - thank you, Raccoon Saloon!
My review is not based on the food or waiters. It is based on the hosts. Waited for almost an hour to sit. Then they sat someone who came in afterwords before us. Not offering us the table. which is rude. Food is ok waitress is nice.
I used to love this place when it was a biker bar.  It had great comfort food.  Since the new owner's have taken over, it is definately a drinking establishment.  They also own the 'roadhouse' up the road.  I have eaten here several dozen times.  Each time I wished to give the place another chance.  I ate at the window for the beautiful view one day, all the while the air conditioner dripped condensation on my plate.  Another time, with the petit burger, I received a very rare hamburger, which caused some problems afterwards.  The last time I frequented the raccoon, I waited 45 minutes at a table.  With people eating around me and servers on duty.  Nobody noticed that I had not been even greeted after I was seated.  The Raccoon needs more consistency.  Just seems mediocre.  Sorry.
This was our 2nd time at the Raccoon. Have to saw we were disappointed. The french onion soup was bland, oily and flavorless. And the service was very slow both times we have been here. The food is otherwise was ok, and the view from the restaurant is lovely.
Not only are the burgers amazing - but they also offer them "petite" sized for those of us who don't want to over indulge (or rather prefer to save room for desert - and allow me to recommend the chocolate peanut butter torte). The sweet potato fries are great, the onion rings are heavenly, and the chef knows the difference between medium and well-done meat.  The wine list could be a bit more comprehensive for those purchasing by the glass, but other than that the Raccoon Saloon is well worth the trip to downtown Marlboro.
Charming
Burger was good, but nothing especially memorable.  The real star of the show was the sweet potato fries and house made ketchup.  I liked the fact that they gave you a choice between an 8 oz petite burger and a 12 oz regular.  Service was nice, they did a good job keeping track of our 3 tables and keeping everyone supplied with water and various other drinks.
Just get past the front door, food, view, worth it.
It's a cool place, unassuming from the outside. The famous burger was big but not flavorful. Our server got our drink order then was a bit scarce, and it was not busy. That being said, it is worth checking out and we plan to try one of the delicious sounding entrees next time. If you go, just don't sit in a back corner like we did.
This place has the best damn burger and fries in the Hudson Valley. Pair it with a glass of hard cider and you have a truly satisfying meal on a cold winter's night.
Found ourselves hungry for lunch after a walk along the Walking Bridge.  Veggie burger is homemade and delicious; best veggie burger I've ever had. Hubby had regular burger and would rate it good, not great. Sweet potato fries good but not spectacular. Looks like a dive from the outside, but the inside is cozy and waterfall view fantastic.  Overall, a nice local place with good, solid food.
Looks a like a hole in the wall, but the food was good. Great selection of beer. I would go there again, but just not get the water.
We often eat at the Raccoon. The burgers are reliably good and the fries (sweet potato or regular) are always great. When we want something else, the specials menu has a great variety and is always wonderful. Duck with Cherries, Stuffed Pork Chops and Steak or Filet Au Poivre are some of the specials I've tried, always served with hearty sides. The pannacotta on the dessert menu is another favorite. Prices are about what you'd expect. One or both of the owners is often in the house and service is dependable though the wait may be long if they are busy. If you sit at the bar, the bar munchies are house made potato chips served hot and replenished often, worth a quick stop for drink at the bar just for the chips.
We had a great meal and service was terrific. The only down side is the new addition to the dining room was cold.
Recently ate here with my wife and parents on Sunday evening.  Rustic looking building with great views of the Hudson River from the restaurant. There must have been a server that called out, because the place was about 3/4 full and our server told us she was the only one working.  We ordered our food and drinks, waited about 20 minutes, at which point a guy that had to be the owner came over and apologized because our server forgot to put our order in.  He said he would make it up to us.  Ok, no big deal, we weren't in a rush, and figured he would probably take one entree off the bill, which is pretty standard practice.  It was pretty busy and we felt bad for the one waitress working. Our food came eventually...it was excellent.  Veggie burger, ribeye steak, veggie lasagna, soup du jour and the chicken satay appetizer.  All were delicious, as well as the side salads. When our meal was finished, the owner came over again and told us our meal was free.  We were taken aback at this generosity.  We didn't expect to get the entire meal on the house.  We weren't even that bummed that our meal took so long to get, but we certainly didn't expect that.  Altogether a great experience and we would definitely go there again.
I've been here before and the hamburgers are good. However I went for dinner and they sat me down and made me wait for over twenty minutes before even offer me something to drink at this point your so anger how could you eat a good meal. The hostess sat me next to the bar immediately her friend at the bar starts yelling they want that table for his skank brothers wife (not the kind of language you want while eating). Then I order off the special's menu and at 7:00 their out! Well so was I,  out a of there..... I don't know why I would what to spend money to be treated like that ....  Good luck :-(  .....
Before wine tasting in Marlboro, we needed some sustenance to abate the likely effects of the wine. I was dubious of a restaurant named after a glorified rodent, and it certainly didn't sound very vegetarian. It just goes to show you not to judge a book by its title. This place is fantastic! We showed up with a group of 10 and were seated in less than 5 minutes. A quick glance at the menu and I was relieved to see lots of yummy veggie friendly options. But, I couldn't focus on the menu for long because someone pointed out the absolutely breathtaking view of the wooded gorge complete with cascading waterfall. I ended up having the homemade veggie burger. Unlike any veggie burger I've ever had, and perfectly scrumptious. Everyone else loved their meals, from the regular meat hamburgers, crab cakes, to the pumpkin/rice soup. All we could talk about the whole meal was how great this place was, and how surprising it was that it was in the middle of nowhere off of Route 9W. Who knew? We'll definitely be back, and you should check it out too.
The service was disorganized and short staffed. Luckily, we did not have to wait as long as others.  However, once seated we all thoroughly enjoyed our food and the view was absolutely incredible, which made up for the bad first impression.
After waiting approx 1hr. To be seated food was great as well as our service. And then we saw a RAT!!!   Not a mouse A RAT!!!! Running into the back room.  I don't even know what else to say... The raccoon saloon needs to be renamed the rat saloon. Better yet health department needs to shut it down, there's no doubt people are getting sick.
Very tasteful food in a beautiful setting served by friendly waiters. The swordfish BLT was excellent, so were the sweet potato fries. The chicken salad wrap was light and came with a delicious side salad and their house dressing.
I just cannot understand these people who complain about this place.  The burgers ARE remarkably delicious and the fries ARE fantastically crispy and beautifully done.  The veggie burger is superb, and everyone I have ever taken here has raved about whatever they had.  The service is wonderful.  I always wonder about people who complain about service and what it is exactly they expect.  Perhaps expectations are unrealistically high.  Well, I wouldn't pay attention to any of them, if I were you and, if you are in the area, get in there and see for yourselves.  It's a small place, be prepared to wait if you are smack in the middle of lunchtime on weekends but it is worth the wait.  Eat there several times a year when I go up fruit-picking and can't wait to do it again this coming Saturday.  Definitely as good as it gets.  Don't miss it.
the burgers are the best.  the wings are good too.
Just had dinner there.  My sister was visiting from out of town and we decided to go there as it has been a long time favorite.  On recent visits the service has been lacking but tonight it was atrocious.  The wait for a waitress to order drinks was inordinate.  When she finally did arrive, one of us (there were four of us) tried to order a beer from the beer list and they didn't have his first three choices (the beer menu had others crossed out with a pen-- kind of tacky).  When our waitress took our dinner order, she first made us go around the table to first order appetizers and then around again for entrees since, apparently, she couldn't take both an order for an entree and an appetizer at the same time.  After a fairly significant wait, two appetizers showed up (two soups) but the other two did not.  After about 10 minutes (the two guests had already finished their french onion soup) I finally asked a bus boy to find our waitress and the next thing that happened was that the two entrees for the people that had ordered soup showed up while neither myself nor my sister's appetizer had ever been served.  I then called for the manager (presumably was the owner as well) who apologized and said she would take care of it.  Finally, my sister and my entrees showed up but not our appetizers.  I finally gave up.  The owner did offer to not charge us for the meal but I wouldn't agree.  From the time that conversation ended until I got the check was over 10 minutes.  After another 10 minutes, I had to go to bar to get someone to ring up the check so I could get out of there. The food has always been good at the Raccoon Saloon.  The service has gotten to the point, however, that I doubt I ever go there again other than by myself when I can sit at the bar and order from the bartender standing right in front of me.  Its really a shame that this is happening to such a local. "institution
