All the positive reviews here made me want to try this deli. I went there on a late Friday afternoon for lunch. I ordered the Chicken Parm hero which I consider to be the benchmark  standard for an Italian deli. I was expecting something fantastic based on so many of these over the top glowing reviews. It would have been just that, but it fell short of my expectations. All the elements were there but the execution was lacking. The bread was wonderful, crusty and well toasted, the chicken was in pieces, with a soft soggy breading and needed to be crispy, as such was disappointing, the sauce was ok, with a flavor that kind of threw the balance off and the cheese was fine. It needed to be hotter as well. The Cole slaw was very good with a tasty dressing and really I liked the way it was grated in long strands. The potato salad was nothing special but was very good and tasted fresh with a good, not to heavy dressing. And finally I ordered a couple of stuffed banana peppers with prosciutto and provolone cheese inside, in oil, they were very flavorful if not somewhat overwhelming in saltiness,  I can imagine using them in a recipe, they were  intense. Overall it was a good lunch with room for improvement. I will be back.
Amazing! Found this cute little deli on yelp and had to try it out. So happy we did! We had the import sandwiches on focaccia. Absolutely delicious!! They import almost everything from Italy. Everything was so fresh! We will definitely be back very soon :)
Visited again on Presidents' Day. Sandwiches, antipasti and service were wonderful as expected
i'm not much of an Italian deli person so stopped by half heartedly, got some chicken paninis, so delicious and it's an added bonus that they were made by a cute and nice person
Best Italian deli ever. I love the paninis. You can't go wrong with anything there. Friendly staff.
BEST deli in poughkeepsie. hands down
Amazing Italian deli with terrific specialty items as well as finely done traditional Italian-American options (ex, Chicken Parm). I really like their raviolis, such as the pesto or lobster stuffed ones! Perfect for a Sunday night dinner with the family.
i would not recommend eating at rossis unless you would never want to eat at any other Italian place because you will think everything sucks once you've eaten here and have had the best Italian Italian has to offer the food is so good it will actually piss you off nuff said
Just had first (and it won't be my last) Panini and it was fantastic.  The deli is clean and the owners are very fast and friendly.  A must try!
Rossi's is a true gem! My wife and I first experienced them while we were students at the Culinary Institute in Hyde Park.  We quickly became fanatical regular customers. Fabio and his family, including Mrs. Rossi the Mastermind, are the most friendly and down to earth people you will ever meet.  The key to an amazing experience at Rossi's is to blindly order a sandwich and instruct them to make the sandwich how they please. Fabio has an amazing intuition as to his customer's tastes and will never fail to surprise and delight you. Aside from sandwiches their selection of cured meats, especially the in house prosciutto, and cheeses is excellent. Rossi's is the place to go for Italian specialty foods.  We now live in Brooklyn and make a point to go up to Poughkeepsie to get a sandwich. We wish we could enjoy them more frequently. One last thing, the line is as long as it is because the food is worth the wait!
I moved from Poughkeepsie to Rochester 4 months ago (after graduating from Marist) and I have yet to find something I miss more about the Hudson Valley.  Unfortunately, I had only discovered Rossi's two years ago and wasted the previous two years on lesser sandwiches.  Their paninis (small) are roughly the size of your face on perfectly salted bread.  I'm partial to the Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella panini which is generously portioned.  I always get artichokes added to this and choose oil and balsamic or pesto based on my mood both of which are fantastic.  All of the ingredients are fresh and made right in front of you.  The staff is extremely pleasant and remembers past customers.  If you still aren't convinced, I have a friend who got into an accident on Delafield on the way back from Rossi's and after learning that one of the bags of food remained in the totaled vehicle walked to the auto shop to retrieve it. True story. Its that good.
Like the saying goes forget the rest and try the best!
if you do not give rossi five stars you should have your tongue cut out.
I followed Yelpers reviews, drove miles to get to this deli to try their deli sandwiches. How funny it is. It was very small deli in downtown Poughkeepsie with outside tables with fly swatters on top of them. Parking was easy to find in the street since we went their during after their lunch rush. But still had a lot of customers there. We ordered 'imported mix' panini, lentil soup, cannoli and stuffed pepper. Imported mix panini was bit salty for my taste but it was good. Lots of meats in panini. Wow, they know what they are doing. Lentil soup was good and stuffed pepper as well. It was great a sandwich after all but we realized why they had fly swatters on each table. The swatters were there for the wasps and bees. At least we got them under control!
I had been wanting to try their famous Thursday Pork sandwich for over a year. Today that wish came true.  I have a similar sandwich that I frequent at Joe's Italian Marketplace in Fishkill, NY. I would be lying. If I said I wasn't mildly disappointed with Rossi's, however please understand how much build up there was. My pork looked like the end of the pork roast with a lot chunks of fat and skin (picture perníl if you have ever had it). All of the sandwich pics I'd seen before were the white meat sliced more thinly. While I respect the fact that this was clearly a house roasted pork I also feel that the intensity of the pork fat and skin detracted from the bitterness I wanted in the rabé, and the sharpness of the provolone. If you like this sandwich I would recommend the Porco Verde at the previously mentioned Joe's. Their version has a hot pepper spread that has always made me super happy! Bottom line: try this place. It's a staple of poughkeepsie. Ask for white meat pork if you go on a thurs looking for this sandwich.
Absolutely amazing! Noting else to say, well.... besides their cannoli's are to die for!
Out of this world sandwiches.  This place is the gem of Poughkeepsie.  Everything they offer is homemade, including the amazing foccacia that they use to serve the sandwiches.  They roast their own pork and also have a bunch of different homemade hot specials everyday.  They offer locally made raviolis in tons of different varieties.  This was also the only place around I could find the different ingredients I had become obsessed with when I studied abroad in Florence.  It is also family run and you will see familiar faces often!  Every time we come back to Poughkeepsie, this is one of the first places we go.
I usually only go here for my own food (always delicious) but recently we've had two work functions where we catered subs and panini platters from them.. All I can say is fantastic! All four varieties (Italian, American, Chicken Cutlet, Veggie) are delicious, with extra props for the veggie.  From now on anytime I have to order for a lunch function we're calling them up
This place has amazing sandwiches with signs displayed all around the interior of all of the "best sandwich awards" they won for the Hudson Valley. Every sandwich I've tried such as the crab cake and chicken cutlet are so good. They have sides and also actual meals like pasta, meatloaf, etc. much of the produce they sell is straight from Italy and many people come just to buy that kind of stuff.
100 reviews - avg of 5star ranking? A staple of Poughkeepsie. You can't beat Rossis; if you've never been here; go here - this Italian deli is literally a mirror copy of all those smashing delicatessens that line the streets of Florence. If you want to experience Italy - this is a remarkable place to do such.
One of the best Italian Deli's I have ever had the pleasure of visiting. A local family business in a local neighborhood. Just stopping in reminds me of my younger days at the corner store. But Rossi's is more than that....Whatever you order is made to order, with TLC. In addition to the traditional deli meats and cheeses, they make their own pork, turkey and other delectable specials. So when you ask for a turkey or roast pork sandwich, it is REAL........ not processed. Take home some of their homemade meals as well as their pastas and other specialty items. They also have a choice of specialty salads.Worth the stop, worth the wait (my advice is to call in your order) and worth the money.
I could eat my weight in food from here. They make paninis from all homemade ingredients, have a small but good selection of hot food, and italian deli items. You can also get frozen homage ravioli and soups but I have never tried these. They are expensive and there is a long line at lunch time but its definitely worth the trip!
Old school Italian deli and sandwich shop in downtown Poughkeepsie.  It is absolutely as good as everyone says it is.   All about the import special sub with delicious smokey cured porks, fresh mozzarella, and the olive, or pesto, spread. Realistically, a large sub is ample size to split with a friend.  However, it's also ample size to really enjoy a large sub. Note: this place gets mobbed on Friday afternoons, get there early.
Rossi Deli is spectacular! This was my first time eating here and I'm already in love!!! I had the turkey panini on focaccia. It was absolute perfection. Fresh bread, fresh veggies delicious meat. I started chatting with one of the owners and mentioned I was from San Diego and would be moving to the area soon. He then said "Welcome to New York" and handed me a free cannoli on the house. Now that's what I'm talking about!!!
I've been here 3-4times and always got a parking spot on the street no problem. I've only had the sandwiches and we've tried the Mediterranean veggies with fresh mozzarella and pesto on focaccia. The Imports mix and the Turkey and Provolone all on focaccia small bread with various toppings. Don't be fooled by "small" these things are huge and that's a good thing...for the price. My husband did say the imports was a lil bit salty for his liking but the second time around I got him a simple prosciutto and he was happy with it. My dad had the turkey and even he could not finish it in one sitting. I will definitely go back and try some other sandwich combinations or maybe a meal. There are not too many sandwich places around and I also rather go with one that is well known.
This place was absolutely amazing! The owners made my wife feel right at home and gave her a "Welcome to NY" cannoli for free. I can't believe it took me 30 years to find this place.
Omg. And I'm not a sandwich gal but yelp steered me in a new direction. On my way to the CIA and no reservations meant I left the best Culinary school in the US very hungry. And so I found myself here in a long, yet shuffling, line to sandwich love. As you shuffle along, you're staring at/picking up Italian goodies to buy - pastas, soups, balsamics, cookies, etc. finally, you get close enough to see the many menu/sandwich/hot pasta options but the shuffling forward picks up so you better choose! Guy behind the counter helps me with the final choice: the special Sandwich. Porcheta, prosciutto, arrugala, sheeps milk cheese, roasted peppers on focaccia and I added tomato, pesto and mayo. Away I walk to get my pelligrino and a pepperoni stuffed bread to take to a friend. After a few, they call my # and hand me a warm wich - huh? Yes - it was grilled.That sandwich was so, so, so delicious. If you're driving up the 87 to northern parts, or in the area - check IT out.
Fresh, high quality ingredients and decades of experience overlap here to give the customer a truly unique and beautiful experience.  I tried the basic mozzarella, tomato and basil sandwich.  Not only was it filling but the mozzarella was easily some of the best I've ever had.  The coffee soda is a strange delicacy I had never tried before!
Great, fresh sandwiches. Super great really. Sometimes there are long lines but they keep things moving along pretty quickly. The focaccia is awesome, get your sandwich on that! They pack them full of meat.
Yummy yummy! Great, fresh sandwiches and beautiful men behind the counter, what's not to like? Everything I've tried has been very good!
Sooooooooo, everytime my son flys home from Atlanta, Ga., he calls us to order food from Rossi's for us to bring to the airport! On the drive home, he enjoys his "fix."  Since he is coming home every few months, he feels he can handle the months between without Rossi's mouth watering dishes! Now that is a happy customer!
the best little Italian spot in the city of poughkeepsie. Just a short walk from the train station and smack dab in the middle of the Historic District. My favorite is the panini's but dont stop there. Every dish made fresh and delicious!
Not much needs to be said It is amazing. Anyone who gives it a negative review must not like prosciutto or great mozzarella. Or maybe they just don't like a great artisinal meat collection and cheese selection. Or maybe they don't like the amazing meals to go. They are wrong. Go here. Get a Foccacia with prosciutto, mozzarella, peppers, and pesto, it is heavenly.
It doesn't matter what you get here, you WILL NOT be disappointed. I have had soups, salads, sandwiches, pasta and tonight I had Chicken Francese with Rigatoni and Italian string beans. DELICIOUS. The chicken was cooked perfectly, as was the string beans - no mushy veggies here. Finished it up with a scrumptious Cannoli, that rivals my grandmothers. LOVE LOVE LOVE Rossi's and I always look for an excuse to eat there!
This is the benchmark for what an Italian deli should be. It's family owned and run, the service is good, and the food is always fantastic (sandwiches and hot food). The only downside for some may be that seating is all outdoors and it's very limited. But that doesn't stop the consistent flow of lunch time customers every day. Definitely worth a stop.
Best deli period. Great food, big portions and great service. A Poughkeepsie institution.
My boyfriend and I came here yesterday for lunch. This place is definitely worth the five stars, if not even MORE if we could give it more praise. Poughkeepsie doesn't seem like they have much, but as long as they have Rossi Rosticceria, I'd be willing to live close by. Haha They have so many bread options,  focaccia, ciabatta, and most importantly gluten-free bread! So for all of you gluten intolerant, you could be very happy here too! My boyfriend and I are both on a paleo-diet, so we opted out on the bread. If the focaccia didn't have a 15 minute wait on the baking, I would of gladly broke my diet for it. Instead we had an italian meat sandwich with a side of marinated artichoke hearts. I really loved all the flavors and the meat was not too salty either. Prosciutto was perfect and I wish I bought more! If we are back in the area, I know this is the place I will visit first.
I'd heard about Rossi for years, even before I got really hardcore into Italian food.  This place is an absolute institution in Poughkeepsie; think Patsy's in East Harlem, where cars are allowed to double park in front without police trouble.  It's located on a mostly nondescript corner right off the Mid-Hudson Bridge, in what still is to some degree an Italian area.  Coming in, the place smelled great and there was a line for sandwiches from the door all the way to the back.  After waiting about 20 minutes, I asked for two sandwiches: one for me and one for my dad to both eat the next day.  After another 10 minutes waiting for the sandwich to be made and pressed, I paid about $10 per sandwich (they're big) and was on my way to check out some other Italian shops nearby. One sandwich was their rosemary grilled chicken with fresh mozzarella and pesto, and the other was their roast pork with herb mayo, fresh mozzarella, and roasted red peppers.  The former I got based on the reviews here, and the latter the counterman recommended.  The grilled chicken was a great sandwich.  In particular I loved the bread; it was fresh, slightly salty, and fluffy and crisp at once.  The chicken was a smaller portion, but it was tender and not overboard on the rosemary.  The fresh mozzarella didn't keep great but was good otherwise, and the pesto was applied sparingly so that it contributed flavor but didn't dominate the other ingredients.  Why only 3 stars, do you ask?  The roasted pork was very disappointing.  It was chunks of fatty pork, which were not tasty at all.  Perhaps this is something that must be eaten fresh?  Either way, the combo that the counterman recommended was pretty terrible.  The mayo and peppers were a poor contrast, and the mozzarella was lost.  I wouldn't think these two sandwiches were from the same place, except for the bread.  But even that couldn't save the sandwich; we ended up tossing it and splitting the chicken. I may come back for the chicken next time I'm around Poughkeepsie, but I don't think I'll be too adventurous otherwise.  Maybe I just got a bad batch, but it is what it is.  Still cool that it exists and is run by the same family etc., but definitely let the reviews here guide your choices on what to get for the best results.
I use to literally live right across the street from Rossi's when I lived in Poughkeepsie- so I ate there often.  Never had a bad meal, sandwich, or whatever else I ordered, it was always delicious! Mr. Rossi was so sweet, he use to bring me trays off left over food and pasta and bread, homemade soup...just to kind and generous. I highly recommend this place. ONLY downside- long lines during lunch..  but well worth the wait!
Wow, definitely the best deli in all of NY state. Really great salads, hot dishes and sandwiches. Very very nice family owned business. Been there a long time and have always been nice. Great food no matter what you get.
I go here as often as I can, usually on Fridays for the fried crab cake special panini. Have yet to be disappointed though I don't expect to be... ever. High quality ingredients, good value, and very quick service even on the busiest days (every day). If I lived any closer to Rossi's, I'd be a) poor and b) extremely overweight assuming I would be eating there three times a day. This is one of the places I wouldn't mind going 45 minutes out of my way just to grab one of their amazing sandwiches and an aloe drink. So good it's insane.
Even though they screwed up my tiny order ROYALLY (roasted peppers which I loathe instead of artichokes, and arugula instead of spinach) and I stood on line forever, this is a great place to get lunch. I have to highly recommend the roast beef (must have been homemade, well seasoned, just the right amount of fat, succulent) and fresh mozzarella (possibly the best I've ever had), and their panini bread is perfect. A small is more than enough for one person. I would have loved to try the artichokes on my panini, but I'll get over it eventually. Really nice people and reasonable prices. I picked up a bag of papardelle pasta ($4) from their nice selection of Italian goodies as well. Street parking is easy, even when they're busy. Just be prepared to wait. Tip for newbies like me: when you walk in, get on the line to your right. After you order your stuff, you get on the line on the other side of the shop to collect your order and pay.
Great food if you have time to wait. .  But well worth it. Consider sharing a large their portions are enormous. .
It's my turn and I'm looking at the board. "Rosemary chicken panini," I say. "What do you want on it?" the guy asks. "Whatever you think is best," I answer. He slathers mayonnaise on the bread and then pesto. He adds the rosemary chicken, roasted red peppers and mozzarella. I opt for tomato and mozzarella salad with basil. Back at work, I take a bite of a mozzarella ball. It's super fresh. I take a bite of my sandwich. The bread is soaked with pesto mayonnaise. The smokiness of the roasted red peppers sing through. Next time, I need to go back for the fried fish, the Maryland crab cakes and the parmigiana.
Excellent paninni sandwiches and impressive displays of meats, sausages, cheeses, olives, peppers -- all things Italian -- in this authentic family-owed and operated Italian deli. Father and sons provide friendly, helpful service that goes the extra mile. They even stay open past their closing hour when customers arrive a bit late. Don't miss the gelatos, especially the frozen creme brulee, "made by my cousin." What could be more Italian than that? For tourists such as ourselves, Rossi Rosticceria is within half a block of South Road aka Highway 9, the main highway which runs N-S through Poughkeepsie, paralleling the Hudson. You'll have to exit Highway 9 and make four or five turns through a neighborhood to reach it, but it's well worth seeking out. See also our review of the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area.
Rossi's is your classic Italian deli and store on steroids. It's not a very big place, but everything they sell is straight from Italy and absolutely delicious. Aside from pasta, cookies, and other Italian treats, they have a deli with hot food prepared daily as well and their signature sandwiches. My sandwich of choice at Rossi's is a chicken cutlet with mozzarella, roasted red peppers and balsamic on focaccia. It may sound simple, but all of the ingredients on this sandwich will blow you away. Chicken cutlet after chicken cutlet are piled high on a enormous round piece of focaccia bread. This is then layered with a generous amount of mozzarella, roasted red peppers and balsamic. It's then placed on a panini press for a little while so everything gets slightly heated, the cheese melts and the bread gets nice and crispy. The result, an enormous sandwich that is making me hungry just thinking about it. Each bite off the sandwich delivers a big crunch. The roasted red peppers give it a sweet taste while the balsamic makes it a little tangy. This is by far the best sandwich I've had in the Hudson Valley and is on par with my favorite sandwich shop in New York City, Alidoro. Whenever I'm up visiting Poughkeepsie Rossi's is a must-visit. While the sandwiches are on the pricy-side, $10+ for what I ordered, you get your money's worth in not only sheer size but quality. I highly recommend Rossi's and will be back as soon as I can!
Like OMG, OMG!!! OMG!!! Why have I never heard of this place before??? I'm disappointed that I never knew such a place existed until now!!! Holy sh*t...It's undescribable how good the food is. Thank you friend for bringing me here. The panini sandwich...the one with pizza bottoms for the buns or bread or whatever you call them...OMG!!! I could eat this forever in my life without getting sick of this! I'M COMING TOMORROW!!!
AWESOME. This place is a real neighborhood joint. Everyone was chit chatting and catching up, and most people clearly had regular orders. The line was pretty long for lunch but it moved quickly. I went with a tomato, basil, mozzarella panini and it was perfect. If you're getting a panini for just yourself, definitely opt for a small one - unless of course you want food for a week! The small size is huge, and more than enough food for one person. I can't wait to go back!
I ordered the rosemary chicken panini, and the sweet guy behind the counter looked crestfallen. "The chicken won't be out of the oven for another 6 minutes," he said, as if he had personally disappointed me. A six-minute wait for one of Yelp's highest-rated sandwiches ever? Uh, no problem. Actually, I enjoyed the wait time, because it gave me an opportunity to examine the Italian imports that line the walls, chat with the locals (the line was nearly out the door), and anticipate a super-fresh lunch. There are a couple of tables out in front in this residential neighborhood, but eating in your car (or truck) seems to be the tradition. Perhaps the isolation heightens the exquisite experience. And it is exquisite. This is an elegant sandwich, its high-quality ingredients perfectly balanced. I stared at the passing traffic as I ate, with only one thought circling my brain: I hope my kid gets into Vassar so I can come back to Poughkeepsie and order this panini again. UPDATE: My kid got into Vassar. Rossi and me--it was meant to be!
Rossi's never fails. Even if they get your order wrong, they'll gladly take it back and correct your order with a smile. Customer service at its best. As a Marist student, I've had Rossi's more than a couple of times. I only hear great things about them, and for a very good reason! They've got some of the best paninis and sandwiches in New York. I'd recommend the Mediterranean, roast beef, and prosciutto paninis/sandwiches. Additional toppings? HERB MAYO, all the way. They also have fresh tomato and mozzarella available... Delicious. I don't even like cheese (I know, gasp) but fresh mozz is amazing. They're a family run business and they'll deliver too! My office likes to order lunch from them every so often. On a busy day, their storefront will get extremely packed. I was there around 1PM today and the line started stretching out of the shop! They'll set up tables outside when the weather is nice. It's a great lunch time choice. Just plan accordingly...you might not want to come here if you're pressed for time.
It is with great pleasure that I find myself the first reviewer of this fine establishment.  Rossi's is a real Italian deli and store.  You can buy all the cheeses, pastas and pre-made Italian goodies that you want here.  But's that's not why I love it.   They make sandwiches.  One of them is a meatball parm, and it's like they've got Jesus chained to a radiator in the back slaving away over this thing.  It's amazing.  I have eaten one for breakfast and it was just as good.  They have tables outside in the summer, but this is really a take out place.  You'll find yourself parking near all the Verizon guys, which is always a good sign. Additionally, they have chicken salad that kicks ass.  It's the best chicken salad I've ever had, and I do love chicken salad.  It's so good, it could stop violence in the Green Zone.  Everyone needs to eat at Rossi's.  Right now.  Get in your car.  Go.  Stop reading.  Stop.
All the panini's I tried were great.. And the canolis I hate those things.. And this one was sooo good!
From Albany and will have to say rossi's is our favorite sandwich place! We are in Poughkeepsie for work a couple times a month! This is a must stop! Love love love this place!  Family #wonderful!
From Albany and will have to say rossi's is our favorite sandwich place! We are in Poughkeepsie for work a couple times a month! This is a must stop! Love love love this place!  Family #wonderful!
Now this is what I want a panini to be! They put their max-absorbtion homebaked rolls with about an inch wide of inner materials in the press. I KNEW I was being fooled with these heart-healthy paninis from Quiznos. Every ingredient seems to be top-notch, all in the Italian pedigree. This town seems to have a lot of interesting locally owned options, but this might be the cleanest. One outside table to sit down, so you're likely getting it take-out.
I have been coming for breakfast ( best bacon,egg cheese you will ever have) and lunch almost daily for years. Hands down the best deli in Hudson Valley! The  Rossi family take pride in what they do and they do it very well.
Holy hell, there is a reason why this is the top yelped about place in Poughkeepsie. Best sandwiches EVER.  Puts Rockys, my other fav sandwich joint to shame.  Do they sprinkle their dough with magic?  The paninis are the perfect blend of chewy, crunchy, warm bread goodness with cream-of-the-crop fillings.   The first time I went, I had the Italian combo.  Imported or Regular?  They asked. Whats the difference? Um.. about 3 levels of holiness. A finer mix of meat I have not tasted. Soooooooooooooooooo good. Run, don't walk to Rossi's!
Stopped on way to Walkway Over The Hudson (never made it though) and got a Panini, the Bourbon Salmon w/Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans, and a Bread Pudding.  Holy S#it! Everything was out of this world!  Wish we lived closer to this place!  Plan on making it a twice a year, at least, stop!!
I have been to Rossi's more than two dozen times since I first reviewed it and each of my experiences affirms my initial five-star rating.  Simply put, these guys are consistently great.  Their sandwiches are phenomenal but I especially like the variety of their daily specials.  I have also been there to stock up on hard-to-find ingredients like Rustichella d'Abruzzo pastas, guanciale, and Venchi gianduiotti (the BEST gianduiotti available outside Piedmont!).  But what makes Rossi's great isn't just the prepared foods and merchandising, it's also their specialized knowledge and awesome service. A recent case study: I came in looking for Fontina knowing next to nothing about said cheese.  The nice guy behind the counter presented me with some options, and I blankly stared back at him.  He then patiently told me about the cheeses and offered me a taste of each.  Not only did he find me the right cheese for the dish I was planning to make, I learned a lot about Fontina and Fontina-style cheese and got to experience them for myself.  It was the first time I ever tasted Fontina Val d'Aosta in all its glory: its smooth texture, nutty undertones, and pungent, grassy aroma.  It was truly an awesome experience, and I'll never forget it! People looking for a fantastic, soul-satisfying meal* prepared by people who not only know food but also are passionate about it: Rossi's has totally got you covered.  But to those who care a lot about things like an ingredient's provenance, the textural subtleties and the balance of flavors of their table cheeses...to those who have thought long and hard about the distinguishing features of truly excellent ciabatta: this place is for you. *Pro Tip: The "Specials" section of Rossi's menu changes daily.  I like to scope out their website (rossideli.com/Rosticceri…) to see what my gustatory future holds.
I'm a Maine native in Poughkeepsie for the weekend visiting friends. We came to Rossi's for what I thought would be a lunch like any other. I couldn't have been more wrong. From the outside it's nothing special but from the moment you walk in you know you're in for something special. Lots of authentic Italian delights from chocolates to jams to pastas. I walked up to the counter where I was greeted by a very pleasant young lady who seemed delighted to be working there. I told her that I was from Maine and that I just wanted a small focaccia that was delicious. The cook's ears instantly perked up and he stopped what he was doing to sort out the specifics of my sandwich. I told him there were no boundaries and just to surprise me and I couldn't have been more pleased. The perfect portion of prosciutto under a sizable portion of mouth watering roasted pork. On top of that a thin layer of roasted red peppers, a thick layer of fresh mozzarella topped with fresh arugula. To say I was blown away is an understatement. To anyone out there who has a respectable palate and wants to get double, if not triple their money's worth, Rossi's is the place for you. Best sandwich from Maine to New York.
This place is a must visit, just off of Main St. in Poughkeepise.  Went here based on the reviews by fellow Yelpers.  DW and I went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and the line was at least 8 ppl deep.  It was well worth the wait. We both had the Rosemary grilled chicken Panini, I had mine with Pesto paste and fresh Mozz (no peppers), she had hers with Herb Mayo.  My DW likes to say that the bread makes the sandwhich, this place lives up to its reviews.  The fresh cooked bread they use for the panini sandwhices is simply excellent.  The meat, cheese and sauces are right there too. The only downside for us is that we were quite a distance away from home so we had to chow down in the car.  We were already planning our next trip before we even finished our sandwhiches. One other thing, they seem to have a pretty decent selection of imported Italian goods...  pasta, cookies \ sweets, drinks etc.
One of my haunts from my six years as a Marist student, Rossi's is easily my favorite place in Poughkeepsie. I stopped in at least once a week to grab a quick sandwich or pick up dinner. It's family-run and they are always so friendly and welcoming. My advice is to "splurge" on the larger sandwich size. During my student teaching days, I'd stop there before class to get a fresh mozzarella sandwich on their homemade focaccia roll. No joke, I'd have a quarter of it for dinner and then the other three parts for lunch during the week, all for $10. Also, if they have polenta on the specials board, be sure to get that, though I have never once been disappointed by any of the specials there. The polenta is just extra special.
What? Another positive review for Rossi?! Budget some time for the line, this place is popular for a reason. Fortunately the order counter is at the far end of the deli, waiting is not a bore. Browse all the imported goodness, savor the aroma and decide which great panini to feast on. The Mozzarella, Tomato & Basil with olive paste is the best! The "small" is large enough to share, the "large" is cut into quarters and requires real determination to finish. Traditional entrees are also available and look fantastic. Fresh and wonderful. You are transported to Italy, or Little Italy at the very least. My favorite Italian deli; outside of Rome!
Fantastic authentic family owned Italian deli! A local legend. Pack a porchetta and a mortadella sandwich, some olives, some mozzarella and tomato, an estathé and a limonata san Pellegrino, and off you go for a perfect pic-nic at the Vanderbilt Mansion or at FDR's house.
Rossi's is a really nice little Italian deli--we made out first trip there recently after seeing all the great reviews here on Yelp. The service is friendly, giving the place a nice local feel (you find yourself wanting to become a regular!). In addition to a wide selection of meats and cheeses, Rossi's also stocks a wide variety of frozen pastas (we'll be going back to pick up some of their goat cheese ravioli) and other Italian specialty items. This time, we were there for lunch, which consists of a number of different sandwich offerings, as well as a few special dishes that change daily. Having heard about the wonderful bread, we decided on a couple of paninis: chicken cutlet and roast beef. Both of the sandwiches came topped with fresh mozzarella cheese and roasted red peppers, and we both selected the herbed mayo for our spread. Both sandwiches were fabulous and more than enough for a generous lunch (we ordered the smaller size). I've never been partial to roast beef, but Rossi's tasted great nonetheless, while the chicken cutlet was flavorful and avoided being too bread-y. The one drawback is the lack of seating in the deli. While our sandwiches came piping hot, by the time we got back home we had to heat them up again. Still, that's a minor flaw--we can't wait to go back!
You don't come here for the service, you come here for the food. The amazing, delicious, authentic Italian food. The panini bread is homemade and perfectly crusty on the outside and meaty and chewy on the inside. The great selection of meats and available  combinations are endless. If its not in the menu, they'll do it. They have great entrees during the week, although the linguine with clam sauce could be more clammy and a tad more salty. Just fantastic. A must un Poughkeepsie.
I saw someones review saying that some of the food looked like it had been sitting there for a while... That's completely untrue.  Take it from a girl who lived upstairs! They sent some of the daily leftovers our way! You can smell the food cooking everyday. Anyway, even before living upstairs I was a HUGE fan of Rossi's.  If you live anywhere near Poughkeepsie, you've heard of it and how great it is.  The paninis are great and all of the ingredients are fresh.  They stock olive oils, pastas, etc. imported from Italy.  Another favorite is the spicy mozzarella, basil & tomato salad. It's a family run business and they all make you feel at home. Don't miss this if you're in the Poughkeepsie area!
First time I ever came here I got one of the lunch specials. I forget exactly what, eggplant parm and a soup I think. My friends love this place, after my first time I thought, "eh, it's ok". Fast forward a year or so and I go back. I get a salad with grilled chicken and some other Italian goodness on top. Ok, this is better. Next time back I get the imports mix panini with balsamic and fresh mozz. I'm not kidding when I say that I thought about the sandwich later that night while lying in bed and texted my friend about it. The balsamic mixed with the meats and the fresh bread, heavenly. Today I got the Mediterranean mix. Grilled eggplant, roasted peppers, fresh mozz, sundried tomatoes and artichokes -- olive paste recommended, all on the nice fresh bread placed in the panini press so it just has the little bit of crispiness. I also always get some Nutella every time I'm there :)
I LOVE this place.  I live in Albany, but any time I am down in the Poughkeepsie area I make sure to stop at Rossi's.  The two brothers (?) who own/manage this place are friendly and absolutely ethusiastic about delicous food.  The first time I went in here I was overwhelmed with choices and said "I don't know what I want." One of the guys behind the counter heard me and told me he would make the best sandwich I've ever had--and, oh man, it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.   Everything there is good.  But I love the cold panini (I think that's what they call it) with several kinds of italian meats, cheeses, roasted red pepper and eggplant, and balsamic vinegar on fresh ciabatta bread   Excellent food, friendly and ethusiastic service.  I could not ask for anything more.
It is not too often do you see a joint with almost 40 reviews that boast 5 solid Yelp stars.  I had to check this place out.  A nice drive up from the Bronx lands me in a cute neighborhood in Poughkeepsie, not far from the Hudson Walkway bridge.  Although I didn't eat much, my husband ordered a panini with prosciutto de parma, fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil and practically inhaled it.  Great sandwich.  They have quite a bit of selection of deli meats, cheeses, and homemade sausages.   When in Poughkeepsie and craving a little casual Italian flair, pull up a chair outside and enjoy a day at Rossi's.  Now, you are probably asking yourself why in the hell would I drive all the way from the Bronx to Poughkeepsie to get something that is practically around the corner from me?   The answer is simple.  3 reasons.  It's a nice drive, free parking and ZERO Bronx attitude.
The customer Service is as good as it gets! Its real authentic Italian food. This is no normal deli, they make the most delicious Italian sandwiches, antipastos and salads I've ever had and I come from an Italian household! If you are looking to get great food for a good price this is the place to go!
Great mom an pop Italian deli with all the right specialty foods. A must try
This was the best roast beef sandwich I have had IN MY LIFE.  That use to belong to a place on the Jersey Shore, 1960's. Great bread, the roast beef was medium rare, and warm!!  The herb mayo, with simple lettuce and tomato, and we were out the door.  Eating our sandwiches in the car with the heat going.  My son had a ham sandwich, and called his the best too!!   Just fabulous!!  The service was fantastic too.  Gave them a shout out from Yelp!!   My favorite review is below.  Just get yourself there!!
When I go in there to stock up on my meats, cheeses, olives, or eggplant parm for dinner I'm a happy girl! As Fabio or Roberto are slicing my sopersatta or wrapping up my Taleggio they'll pass slices over for me to taste. I don't go in with any preconceived ideas about what I want. I let them tell me what I want. When they tell me it's all they've been eating for the past week, I know it's what I'll want! I was there Friday to pick up a few things for the company I've having tonight - a few pieces of cheese, some prosciutto, nothing crazy. Wrong. I was sent home with a beautiful package of sliced meats (a few slices each of: salami, sopersatta, mortadella, and prosciutto). And a few pieces of cheese (OK 5 different kinds - a steal at about $2 per hunk). I also got some olives and artichokes. Oh and homemade fococcia fresh from the oven (which I ate all of, by myself, that night). I've come to terms with the fact that continuing to visit Rossi's could be bad for my health. I don't care. I'm happy when I walk in there and doing cartwheels when I leave (so I might not be able to do a cartwheel when I have my next attack of the Gout, but that's a risk I'll have to take). Oh - and the best deal in town - a huge plate of food for dinner... $7!
This place is awesome! We bought 4 different panini's each one was out control delicious. OMG and the cannoli!  Seriously I have never had a better cannoli. Can't wait to go back!
You can never go wrong with the daily Panini Special. It is always incredible. But so is everything else on their menu. Their roasted meats are among the best I have ever had even compared to New York City delis and restaurants. Rossi's is definitely one of my favorite finds in the world!
Best deli in the area. Their paninis are amazing and HUGE. I especially love that they have authentic Italian products that you would only see in grocery stores in Italy. Yes, that means Nutella for all of you that are as obsessed with it as I am, but also a ton of other great products that you can't find at Stop & Shop. My only bad experience there was the rice pudding. It tasted like Play Doh & me and my boyfriend couldn't spit it out fast enough. I can get over it considering that literally everything else in the place is awesome.
A local favorite, and as this page illustrates, Rossi's engenders great emotions. They way we found this place was to sing the praise of the sandwiches at Lola's Cafe, only to be receives disdainful looks from Rossi fans, who, as it happens, have never been to Lola's. So we had to go. I am slightly at a loss as to how to grade the place. On one hand, the place has a marvelous collection of authentic Italian goods. The collection of Pecorinos itself was enough to make one salivate, for once, one is not faced with the boring choice between (usually inferior) Pecorino Romano and Pecorino Reggiano. We bought some anchovies, and have eyed other stuff with the definite intention of returning. The sandwiches were merely OK though. We had three -- a chicken breast, a daily speacial (porchetta) and a Mediterranean (eggplants, artichokes etc). Nothing much to complain about -- except the dry chicken -- the bread was crunchy and fresh, but didn't kill with flavor. Will go back though.
Rossi's we have all heard about it, and yes it's good. Very good, but then again, i only get the Import Mix. Because everything else there looks like it's been sitting there for a while, im sure it's still good though, but ill stick with the import mix. Over the past few times ive gone, they have become snobby and i feel that they are full of themselves. What Rossi's needs is competition, so that they can become the friendly people they once were.
Actually the best sandwich shop in town. This is my senior year at Marist, and I can't believe I did not eat here till now. IT IS DELICIOUS. Try the import sandwich!
This place is awesome! Paninis are amazing & they encourage you to have it your way. A great selection of italian delicacies. The family atmosphere & service are a plus. There is usually along wait, but in the end worth it.
I'm in town on business and visited this place based on my business partner's girlfriend's recommendation.  I have to say that as a born and bred Texan my exposure to NY delis has been nil.  My experience here today has me sold.  Great people who very very patient with this Texas boy and THE best sandwich I've ever had in my life.  I'll definitely come back if I ever get back to Poughkeepsie
A little Arthur Avenue right here in Poughkeepsie. The line for lunch starts at 11 AM.  I'll take the stuffed mushrooms, some sauteed green beans, and a little pasta go with it. The best $8 lunch on the planet.  (Sorry but I don't give 5 stars unless you have a bar ;-)
I have been a long time patron of Rossi's their food is THAT good. Incomparable Italian specialties to any other place around.  However, their service, is just messy. That was until today. I was delighted to see they've revamped their order/cashier process and although it wasn't very busy I hope things go a little more smoothly. Perhaps some real competition in the area could have caused this necessity a long time ago.
Hands down, the best old school Italian deli and sandwich shop I have ever been to. I went to college in Poughkeepsie, and Rossi's was my go to everday remedy. The panini's are actually mind blowing!!! If you are ever in the area, I don't care what you're doing, if you don't stop at Rossi's you are seriously depriving yourself.
I've finally come to this place! I've heard nothing but good things, and I finally went this past weekend. This place is crawling with life, thus a sign of a good place this place is a mix of locals, regulars, and college students. It's quite the melting pot. I ordered the Imports Mix on a roll....For 7$ this is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. There was pesto, mortadella, prosciutto...just the best imported italian cured meats. There is so much love in this food, that I will be having dreams of these sandwiches for the rest of my life. I will be coming back for more and more. I love you.
I studied abroad in Italy for three months and this is the first place that has taken me back! It was so good! I had a chicken panini with mozzarella pesto and sundries tomatoes. I recommend it to anyone!
I get the same thing every time- grill chicken, pesto, tomato and mozzarella on one of their freshly baked foccacia bread. However, no matter what sandwich or order you get from here, its sure as hell still going to be good! This Italian deli is around the corner from main street. This is a no frill deli, you tell them what you want and you move on. The deli also sells a bunch of imported Italian goods, including one of the biggest container of nutella I've ever seen! I've never tried their desserts or hot food line but from what my friends' tell me, its delicious. Grab one of these sandwiches before or after a hike (how i first ended up here) or just for a simple lunch. Sit outside in one of the plastic chairs and tables with a grapefruit pelligrino and bathe in the sunshine. It is complete bliss biting into one of these sandwiches, you'll find yourself thinking about the simple pleasures in life. Sandwiches run for $7 for a "small" one. However, every time I come here I always end up eating just half of the sandwich and saving the other one for dinner. Even one of my man friends' couldn't finish one of the sandwiches in a sitting.   Unfortunately I graduated and moved out of the area already but if I ever come back up again to visit, I'll definitely swing by again. I miss rossie's!
I'm saddened in August when they close for renovations/vacation in true European style. This is the only bad thing I can think of. Rossi's has top notch quality and service. Try the Italian Mix made with Imports, you'll be thinking about if for days. Best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. Everything is super fresh and since its family run the passion and care shows in the food.
If you love Italian food then you will love it here!
My sister's car broke down last winter during a really bad storm.  She went into this deli to wait for the tow truck and she said these were the NICEST people she ever met.  True story, she said the food smelled just like Nana's home cooking :o)
Legitimately the best paninis I've ever had. Every time I eat at Rossi's, I feel like I'm back in Italy. They use the freshest and most delicious ingredients. The sandwiches are huge and extremely hard to put down, even if you're full.
Gosh What can I say about Rossis there is just so many amazing things to mention about this deli.You walk in and you are greeted by the whole family and the smell of fresh hot bread for the sandwiches.When I lived in hyde park I would visit the family I called it about once a week.Now I unfortunately live in CA and have to dream about the amazing Prosciutto  and Mozzarella with red peppers and oil and vinegar and basil and lots of love.I miss this place so much I want  a Rossis Sandwich NOWWW
From Albany and will have to say rossi's is our favorite sandwich place! We are in Poughkeepsie for work a couple times a month! This is a must stop! Love love love this place!  Family #wonderful!
Now this is what I want a panini to be! They put their max-absorbtion homebaked rolls with about an inch wide of inner materials in the press. I KNEW I was being fooled with these heart-healthy paninis from Quiznos. Every ingredient seems to be top-notch, all in the Italian pedigree. This town seems to have a lot of interesting locally owned options, but this might be the cleanest. One outside table to sit down, so you're likely getting it take-out.
I have been coming for breakfast ( best bacon,egg cheese you will ever have) and lunch almost daily for years. Hands down the best deli in Hudson Valley! The  Rossi family take pride in what they do and they do it very well.
Holy hell, there is a reason why this is the top yelped about place in Poughkeepsie. Best sandwiches EVER.  Puts Rockys, my other fav sandwich joint to shame.  Do they sprinkle their dough with magic?  The paninis are the perfect blend of chewy, crunchy, warm bread goodness with cream-of-the-crop fillings.   The first time I went, I had the Italian combo.  Imported or Regular?  They asked. Whats the difference? Um.. about 3 levels of holiness. A finer mix of meat I have not tasted. Soooooooooooooooooo good. Run, don't walk to Rossi's!
Stopped on way to Walkway Over The Hudson (never made it though) and got a Panini, the Bourbon Salmon w/Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans, and a Bread Pudding.  Holy S#it! Everything was out of this world!  Wish we lived closer to this place!  Plan on making it a twice a year, at least, stop!!
I have been to Rossi's more than two dozen times since I first reviewed it and each of my experiences affirms my initial five-star rating.  Simply put, these guys are consistently great.  Their sandwiches are phenomenal but I especially like the variety of their daily specials.  I have also been there to stock up on hard-to-find ingredients like Rustichella d'Abruzzo pastas, guanciale, and Venchi gianduiotti (the BEST gianduiotti available outside Piedmont!).  But what makes Rossi's great isn't just the prepared foods and merchandising, it's also their specialized knowledge and awesome service. A recent case study: I came in looking for Fontina knowing next to nothing about said cheese.  The nice guy behind the counter presented me with some options, and I blankly stared back at him.  He then patiently told me about the cheeses and offered me a taste of each.  Not only did he find me the right cheese for the dish I was planning to make, I learned a lot about Fontina and Fontina-style cheese and got to experience them for myself.  It was the first time I ever tasted Fontina Val d'Aosta in all its glory: its smooth texture, nutty undertones, and pungent, grassy aroma.  It was truly an awesome experience, and I'll never forget it! People looking for a fantastic, soul-satisfying meal* prepared by people who not only know food but also are passionate about it: Rossi's has totally got you covered.  But to those who care a lot about things like an ingredient's provenance, the textural subtleties and the balance of flavors of their table cheeses...to those who have thought long and hard about the distinguishing features of truly excellent ciabatta: this place is for you. *Pro Tip: The "Specials" section of Rossi's menu changes daily.  I like to scope out their website (rossideli.com/Rosticceri…) to see what my gustatory future holds.
I'm a Maine native in Poughkeepsie for the weekend visiting friends. We came to Rossi's for what I thought would be a lunch like any other. I couldn't have been more wrong. From the outside it's nothing special but from the moment you walk in you know you're in for something special. Lots of authentic Italian delights from chocolates to jams to pastas. I walked up to the counter where I was greeted by a very pleasant young lady who seemed delighted to be working there. I told her that I was from Maine and that I just wanted a small focaccia that was delicious. The cook's ears instantly perked up and he stopped what he was doing to sort out the specifics of my sandwich. I told him there were no boundaries and just to surprise me and I couldn't have been more pleased. The perfect portion of prosciutto under a sizable portion of mouth watering roasted pork. On top of that a thin layer of roasted red peppers, a thick layer of fresh mozzarella topped with fresh arugula. To say I was blown away is an understatement. To anyone out there who has a respectable palate and wants to get double, if not triple their money's worth, Rossi's is the place for you. Best sandwich from Maine to New York.
This place is a must visit, just off of Main St. in Poughkeepise.  Went here based on the reviews by fellow Yelpers.  DW and I went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and the line was at least 8 ppl deep.  It was well worth the wait. We both had the Rosemary grilled chicken Panini, I had mine with Pesto paste and fresh Mozz (no peppers), she had hers with Herb Mayo.  My DW likes to say that the bread makes the sandwhich, this place lives up to its reviews.  The fresh cooked bread they use for the panini sandwhices is simply excellent.  The meat, cheese and sauces are right there too. The only downside for us is that we were quite a distance away from home so we had to chow down in the car.  We were already planning our next trip before we even finished our sandwhiches. One other thing, they seem to have a pretty decent selection of imported Italian goods...  pasta, cookies \ sweets, drinks etc.
One of my haunts from my six years as a Marist student, Rossi's is easily my favorite place in Poughkeepsie. I stopped in at least once a week to grab a quick sandwich or pick up dinner. It's family-run and they are always so friendly and welcoming. My advice is to "splurge" on the larger sandwich size. During my student teaching days, I'd stop there before class to get a fresh mozzarella sandwich on their homemade focaccia roll. No joke, I'd have a quarter of it for dinner and then the other three parts for lunch during the week, all for $10. Also, if they have polenta on the specials board, be sure to get that, though I have never once been disappointed by any of the specials there. The polenta is just extra special.
What? Another positive review for Rossi?! Budget some time for the line, this place is popular for a reason. Fortunately the order counter is at the far end of the deli, waiting is not a bore. Browse all the imported goodness, savor the aroma and decide which great panini to feast on. The Mozzarella, Tomato & Basil with olive paste is the best! The "small" is large enough to share, the "large" is cut into quarters and requires real determination to finish. Traditional entrees are also available and look fantastic. Fresh and wonderful. You are transported to Italy, or Little Italy at the very least. My favorite Italian deli; outside of Rome!
Fantastic authentic family owned Italian deli! A local legend. Pack a porchetta and a mortadella sandwich, some olives, some mozzarella and tomato, an estathé and a limonata san Pellegrino, and off you go for a perfect pic-nic at the Vanderbilt Mansion or at FDR's house.
Rossi's is a really nice little Italian deli--we made out first trip there recently after seeing all the great reviews here on Yelp. The service is friendly, giving the place a nice local feel (you find yourself wanting to become a regular!). In addition to a wide selection of meats and cheeses, Rossi's also stocks a wide variety of frozen pastas (we'll be going back to pick up some of their goat cheese ravioli) and other Italian specialty items. This time, we were there for lunch, which consists of a number of different sandwich offerings, as well as a few special dishes that change daily. Having heard about the wonderful bread, we decided on a couple of paninis: chicken cutlet and roast beef. Both of the sandwiches came topped with fresh mozzarella cheese and roasted red peppers, and we both selected the herbed mayo for our spread. Both sandwiches were fabulous and more than enough for a generous lunch (we ordered the smaller size). I've never been partial to roast beef, but Rossi's tasted great nonetheless, while the chicken cutlet was flavorful and avoided being too bread-y. The one drawback is the lack of seating in the deli. While our sandwiches came piping hot, by the time we got back home we had to heat them up again. Still, that's a minor flaw--we can't wait to go back!
You don't come here for the service, you come here for the food. The amazing, delicious, authentic Italian food. The panini bread is homemade and perfectly crusty on the outside and meaty and chewy on the inside. The great selection of meats and available  combinations are endless. If its not in the menu, they'll do it. They have great entrees during the week, although the linguine with clam sauce could be more clammy and a tad more salty. Just fantastic. A must un Poughkeepsie.
I saw someones review saying that some of the food looked like it had been sitting there for a while... That's completely untrue.  Take it from a girl who lived upstairs! They sent some of the daily leftovers our way! You can smell the food cooking everyday. Anyway, even before living upstairs I was a HUGE fan of Rossi's.  If you live anywhere near Poughkeepsie, you've heard of it and how great it is.  The paninis are great and all of the ingredients are fresh.  They stock olive oils, pastas, etc. imported from Italy.  Another favorite is the spicy mozzarella, basil & tomato salad. It's a family run business and they all make you feel at home. Don't miss this if you're in the Poughkeepsie area!
First time I ever came here I got one of the lunch specials. I forget exactly what, eggplant parm and a soup I think. My friends love this place, after my first time I thought, "eh, it's ok". Fast forward a year or so and I go back. I get a salad with grilled chicken and some other Italian goodness on top. Ok, this is better. Next time back I get the imports mix panini with balsamic and fresh mozz. I'm not kidding when I say that I thought about the sandwich later that night while lying in bed and texted my friend about it. The balsamic mixed with the meats and the fresh bread, heavenly. Today I got the Mediterranean mix. Grilled eggplant, roasted peppers, fresh mozz, sundried tomatoes and artichokes -- olive paste recommended, all on the nice fresh bread placed in the panini press so it just has the little bit of crispiness. I also always get some Nutella every time I'm there :)
I LOVE this place.  I live in Albany, but any time I am down in the Poughkeepsie area I make sure to stop at Rossi's.  The two brothers (?) who own/manage this place are friendly and absolutely ethusiastic about delicous food.  The first time I went in here I was overwhelmed with choices and said "I don't know what I want." One of the guys behind the counter heard me and told me he would make the best sandwich I've ever had--and, oh man, it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.   Everything there is good.  But I love the cold panini (I think that's what they call it) with several kinds of italian meats, cheeses, roasted red pepper and eggplant, and balsamic vinegar on fresh ciabatta bread   Excellent food, friendly and ethusiastic service.  I could not ask for anything more.
It is not too often do you see a joint with almost 40 reviews that boast 5 solid Yelp stars.  I had to check this place out.  A nice drive up from the Bronx lands me in a cute neighborhood in Poughkeepsie, not far from the Hudson Walkway bridge.  Although I didn't eat much, my husband ordered a panini with prosciutto de parma, fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil and practically inhaled it.  Great sandwich.  They have quite a bit of selection of deli meats, cheeses, and homemade sausages.   When in Poughkeepsie and craving a little casual Italian flair, pull up a chair outside and enjoy a day at Rossi's.  Now, you are probably asking yourself why in the hell would I drive all the way from the Bronx to Poughkeepsie to get something that is practically around the corner from me?   The answer is simple.  3 reasons.  It's a nice drive, free parking and ZERO Bronx attitude.
The customer Service is as good as it gets! Its real authentic Italian food. This is no normal deli, they make the most delicious Italian sandwiches, antipastos and salads I've ever had and I come from an Italian household! If you are looking to get great food for a good price this is the place to go!
Great mom an pop Italian deli with all the right specialty foods. A must try
This was the best roast beef sandwich I have had IN MY LIFE.  That use to belong to a place on the Jersey Shore, 1960's. Great bread, the roast beef was medium rare, and warm!!  The herb mayo, with simple lettuce and tomato, and we were out the door.  Eating our sandwiches in the car with the heat going.  My son had a ham sandwich, and called his the best too!!   Just fabulous!!  The service was fantastic too.  Gave them a shout out from Yelp!!   My favorite review is below.  Just get yourself there!!
When I go in there to stock up on my meats, cheeses, olives, or eggplant parm for dinner I'm a happy girl! As Fabio or Roberto are slicing my sopersatta or wrapping up my Taleggio they'll pass slices over for me to taste. I don't go in with any preconceived ideas about what I want. I let them tell me what I want. When they tell me it's all they've been eating for the past week, I know it's what I'll want! I was there Friday to pick up a few things for the company I've having tonight - a few pieces of cheese, some prosciutto, nothing crazy. Wrong. I was sent home with a beautiful package of sliced meats (a few slices each of: salami, sopersatta, mortadella, and prosciutto). And a few pieces of cheese (OK 5 different kinds - a steal at about $2 per hunk). I also got some olives and artichokes. Oh and homemade fococcia fresh from the oven (which I ate all of, by myself, that night). I've come to terms with the fact that continuing to visit Rossi's could be bad for my health. I don't care. I'm happy when I walk in there and doing cartwheels when I leave (so I might not be able to do a cartwheel when I have my next attack of the Gout, but that's a risk I'll have to take). Oh - and the best deal in town - a huge plate of food for dinner... $7!
This place is awesome! We bought 4 different panini's each one was out control delicious. OMG and the cannoli!  Seriously I have never had a better cannoli. Can't wait to go back!
You can never go wrong with the daily Panini Special. It is always incredible. But so is everything else on their menu. Their roasted meats are among the best I have ever had even compared to New York City delis and restaurants. Rossi's is definitely one of my favorite finds in the world!
Best deli in the area. Their paninis are amazing and HUGE. I especially love that they have authentic Italian products that you would only see in grocery stores in Italy. Yes, that means Nutella for all of you that are as obsessed with it as I am, but also a ton of other great products that you can't find at Stop & Shop. My only bad experience there was the rice pudding. It tasted like Play Doh & me and my boyfriend couldn't spit it out fast enough. I can get over it considering that literally everything else in the place is awesome.
A local favorite, and as this page illustrates, Rossi's engenders great emotions. They way we found this place was to sing the praise of the sandwiches at Lola's Cafe, only to be receives disdainful looks from Rossi fans, who, as it happens, have never been to Lola's. So we had to go. I am slightly at a loss as to how to grade the place. On one hand, the place has a marvelous collection of authentic Italian goods. The collection of Pecorinos itself was enough to make one salivate, for once, one is not faced with the boring choice between (usually inferior) Pecorino Romano and Pecorino Reggiano. We bought some anchovies, and have eyed other stuff with the definite intention of returning. The sandwiches were merely OK though. We had three -- a chicken breast, a daily speacial (porchetta) and a Mediterranean (eggplants, artichokes etc). Nothing much to complain about -- except the dry chicken -- the bread was crunchy and fresh, but didn't kill with flavor. Will go back though.
Rossi's we have all heard about it, and yes it's good. Very good, but then again, i only get the Import Mix. Because everything else there looks like it's been sitting there for a while, im sure it's still good though, but ill stick with the import mix. Over the past few times ive gone, they have become snobby and i feel that they are full of themselves. What Rossi's needs is competition, so that they can become the friendly people they once were.
Actually the best sandwich shop in town. This is my senior year at Marist, and I can't believe I did not eat here till now. IT IS DELICIOUS. Try the import sandwich!
This place is awesome! Paninis are amazing & they encourage you to have it your way. A great selection of italian delicacies. The family atmosphere & service are a plus. There is usually along wait, but in the end worth it.
I'm in town on business and visited this place based on my business partner's girlfriend's recommendation.  I have to say that as a born and bred Texan my exposure to NY delis has been nil.  My experience here today has me sold.  Great people who very very patient with this Texas boy and THE best sandwich I've ever had in my life.  I'll definitely come back if I ever get back to Poughkeepsie
A little Arthur Avenue right here in Poughkeepsie. The line for lunch starts at 11 AM.  I'll take the stuffed mushrooms, some sauteed green beans, and a little pasta go with it. The best $8 lunch on the planet.  (Sorry but I don't give 5 stars unless you have a bar ;-)
I have been a long time patron of Rossi's their food is THAT good. Incomparable Italian specialties to any other place around.  However, their service, is just messy. That was until today. I was delighted to see they've revamped their order/cashier process and although it wasn't very busy I hope things go a little more smoothly. Perhaps some real competition in the area could have caused this necessity a long time ago.
Hands down, the best old school Italian deli and sandwich shop I have ever been to. I went to college in Poughkeepsie, and Rossi's was my go to everday remedy. The panini's are actually mind blowing!!! If you are ever in the area, I don't care what you're doing, if you don't stop at Rossi's you are seriously depriving yourself.
I've finally come to this place! I've heard nothing but good things, and I finally went this past weekend. This place is crawling with life, thus a sign of a good place this place is a mix of locals, regulars, and college students. It's quite the melting pot. I ordered the Imports Mix on a roll....For 7$ this is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. There was pesto, mortadella, prosciutto...just the best imported italian cured meats. There is so much love in this food, that I will be having dreams of these sandwiches for the rest of my life. I will be coming back for more and more. I love you.
I studied abroad in Italy for three months and this is the first place that has taken me back! It was so good! I had a chicken panini with mozzarella pesto and sundries tomatoes. I recommend it to anyone!
I get the same thing every time- grill chicken, pesto, tomato and mozzarella on one of their freshly baked foccacia bread. However, no matter what sandwich or order you get from here, its sure as hell still going to be good! This Italian deli is around the corner from main street. This is a no frill deli, you tell them what you want and you move on. The deli also sells a bunch of imported Italian goods, including one of the biggest container of nutella I've ever seen! I've never tried their desserts or hot food line but from what my friends' tell me, its delicious. Grab one of these sandwiches before or after a hike (how i first ended up here) or just for a simple lunch. Sit outside in one of the plastic chairs and tables with a grapefruit pelligrino and bathe in the sunshine. It is complete bliss biting into one of these sandwiches, you'll find yourself thinking about the simple pleasures in life. Sandwiches run for $7 for a "small" one. However, every time I come here I always end up eating just half of the sandwich and saving the other one for dinner. Even one of my man friends' couldn't finish one of the sandwiches in a sitting.   Unfortunately I graduated and moved out of the area already but if I ever come back up again to visit, I'll definitely swing by again. I miss rossie's!
I'm saddened in August when they close for renovations/vacation in true European style. This is the only bad thing I can think of. Rossi's has top notch quality and service. Try the Italian Mix made with Imports, you'll be thinking about if for days. Best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. Everything is super fresh and since its family run the passion and care shows in the food.
If you love Italian food then you will love it here!
My sister's car broke down last winter during a really bad storm.  She went into this deli to wait for the tow truck and she said these were the NICEST people she ever met.  True story, she said the food smelled just like Nana's home cooking :o)
Legitimately the best paninis I've ever had. Every time I eat at Rossi's, I feel like I'm back in Italy. They use the freshest and most delicious ingredients. The sandwiches are huge and extremely hard to put down, even if you're full.
Gosh What can I say about Rossis there is just so many amazing things to mention about this deli.You walk in and you are greeted by the whole family and the smell of fresh hot bread for the sandwiches.When I lived in hyde park I would visit the family I called it about once a week.Now I unfortunately live in CA and have to dream about the amazing Prosciutto  and Mozzarella with red peppers and oil and vinegar and basil and lots of love.I miss this place so much I want  a Rossis Sandwich NOWWW
You can't help but give this Italian market/restaurant a five. The staff is the owners and the family that has owned it for years. They not only offer authentic Italian food but it is the freshest I have seen in the states. There is a large variety and you can't go wrong ordering anything from here. This is a must stop.
more lunches bought from here in the last few weeks have never failed to wow me and everyone I've forced to go there :D and today I picked up something to pop into the oven for dinner, a chicken parm and a lasagne, excellent value for the money, it's a TON of food and it's REALLY good. The lunch lineup wait is undeniably long but worth it. I've noticed that there's evidently a lot of regulars, many people are addressed by name but I have never felt slighted, I (and everyone in there) am always  treated with friendliness and courtesy as if I was a regular but they didn't know my name. Trust me, they will soon!
I am not surprised to hear about the previous review. GO to this deli for lunch and see tons of local workers white and blue collared, grabbing their Italian eats from this little deli.  I grew up in Rhinebeck and my mother has known the owners since before I was born.  I am Italian so I know good Italian homecooking, and when my mom had to work and didnt have the time to cook for a family get together she would call the owner and get the Italian food catered by them. The red 'gravy' as we call it is almost as good as my mother's;)  I cant say it is, I might get in trouble!  Their sandwiches are great and the prices are reasonable.  You can't beat the family style and homey friendliness that this deli brings....along with the great food.
I LOVE Rossi's and miss it so much! My father owns a multi-family house right near Rossi's so growing up I would always tag along with him when he went to check on his building, because I knew it meant a trip to Rossi's too! They have the BEST panini around, my brother and I's favorite is the basic cold italian panini as well as any of their soups. They are the nicest people and even catered my graduation party for me back in 04'. I've since moved to D.C. and have not found anything that comes close to Rossi Deli. Being Italian myself and used to home cooked Italian meals I know what good italian food is and Rossi's is the best in the Hudson Valley. Get over there ASAP you really don't know what you're missing!
Yes, this really is as good as it gets. Amazing service, amazing Italian imports, a great selection of hot and cold foods. And truly reasonable. In the summer, you can even sit outside at one of the sidewalk tables with a cold beer and a fabulous sandwich. I just love a mom and pop joint, and you got a great one here!!!
A small corner mom and pop deli that you might drive right past if you didnt know it was there, but dont! Delicious panninis! I had a large chicken cutlet pannini (the pannini bread is a freshly made focaccia bread) with roasted peppers, fresh mozzarella and the olive spread/paste: The pannini was warm and melded so perfectly with the cutlet/cheese/peppers and olives. I was excellent! I also had a large Imports Mix (Prosciutto, Coppa, Sopressata with fresh Mozzarella) with balsamic vinegar and oil: Also delicious! The large panninis average about $10-12, but they are enough for There is no eat in area, but in the spring/summer you can sit outside at the tables set up in front of the deli. They have lots of daily specials, like soups (reasonably priced at $2.50-$3.00) that I would have loved to get in addition to the pannini but I was already way past being a glutton with the large pannini. They also carry Pastosa Raviolis from Brooklyn in their freezer case. These are excellent raviolis! Make the stop at Rossi's and pick up a warm pannini..you wont regret it!
Rossi's gets 5 stars because quantity, quality, and price are all on point. They have great sandwiches that are gargantuan! The meats are all nice and fresh just as the cheese.
Oh Rossi, how we love you. I dream about the Rossi salad. I just love it so much. I have never had something here I didn't love. Everyone in my office will wait on your long lines because you are just that good, Who else can shut down for a whole month in the summer and still have us love you this much?
Paninis are very good and on a nice Ciabatta bread
Have been to dozens of italian delis in NYC, Hoboken, etc. Rossi's beats them all
The first time I went here, I just moved and unpacked on literally the hottest day in Poughkeepsie. My husband and I walked to the deli only to find it was closed... You can imagine our devastation, as we were tired and very hungry. Anyway there was an older Italian man sitting outside, saw us and asked if we were hungry. We of course said yes, and he told us he had leftovers for us. He came out with two containers of soup and two loaves of bread!! I tried to give him money but he refused! Let me just tell you, it was the best soup and bread I've ever tasted! And after such a horrible day of moving this was the nicest gesture anyone could have offered :) we now frequent the deli and are always Delighted by whatever we order! I highly recommend this deli!!!
Best sandwiches in poughkeepsie. Hands down.
imports panini with pesto and sun-dried tomatoes is SO DELICIOUS and HUGE. All their prepared entrees are delicious as well and they carry a nice (but limited) selection of imported Italian specialty foods and items. DEF. worth a visit...or 1000.
Oh My Good Lord, Rossi's. I remembered the first time I ate here over multiple recommendations and ratings. It was probably the best Panini I ever had. Their Import Mix? Might be the solution to world peace. Going for over a year I have never once been disappointed with this place. Line can get long but its obviously worth the wait. For how busy they can get the staff generally keep their cool pretty composed. Food is Delicious and well executed, house cured meats and a giant selection of deli condiments, tons of great sides and salads to choose from. Overall, For 10 dollars I can get a meal worth the joy of a thousand laughing babies. GO
Only here for a month and trying to find the best Italian places to eat, found this place down by Main St and it was AMAZING love it! The service is great, food is delicious, and I am definitely going back! I know good food when I see it and this definitely is a great place to eat, especially the pannini I had today. They have a variety of stuff to choose from as well.
Discovered this by accident recently--we were biking up to Rhinebeck, and were sore and in bad, bad need of a panini, and we stopped by chance...and hit the jackpot.  Fresh bread, fresh mozzarella, fresh pesto, served by charming people working amidst mountainous prosciutto hams and and vast vistas of the most delicious cheese and meats--one of the great deli experiences of all time.  I brought my entire bike touring group (14) for two more meals (lunch the next day, and breakfast the next), and am still dreaming of that mozzarella.  A surprise, a gem, and itself worth a trip to the Hudson valley--don't miss Rossi's.
First, I want to say there is no other deli on the planet that has a line of customers   going out the door, onto the sidewalk on a late Saturday afternoon. The food is that good and worth the sometimes 20 minute wait. The homemade bread is like nothing I've ever had, and I've had Arthur Ave bread from the Bronx thousands of times. It's so incredibly fresh and tasty. The food will have you recruiting your friends that have never experienced it. I would just HIGHLY recommend you to be very specific when ordering a sandwich. In my experience there are two different type of combo sandwiches (Italian and American). Both are cold sandwiches. An American is bologna, boiled ham and I think turkey (disgusting). The Italian  is peperoni, salami and ham. I ordered an Italian combo on focaccia bread. I was asked if I wanted domestic or imported. I assumed domestic would be the America version and Italian would be domestic. I was wrong. My sandwich was a combination of two meats; sopressata  and prosciutto, both in which I don't like. The sandwich was also hot. I was informed when I returned it that all sandwiches that are ordered on specialty bread is put on a hot press. Of course, once I received what I actually wanted, the sandwich was incredible. I live in Ulster county and have no problem driving into Dutchess just to get a sandwich because nobody makes a sandwich like Rossi's
Love the roast beef sandwich. Sandwich sizes are great. You won't be sorry.
Good sandwiches I had the Italian import for lunch and my wife had the chicken pannini, second time I've been there and one of the owners let me shot some pictures and I posted it on FLICKR and the woman in the register help me  chose the right TORRONE Italian nougat, Thank you guys and I will be back again whenever I have a chance.
Love the pasta salad here....I dont know how they make something so simple taste soooo good!!
Rossi's has the best sandwiches and they are HUGE! You can customize with whatever delicious toppings you like. I am partial to the roast pork with plenty of marinated veggies like peppers and eggplant. I forget the name of the Italian cold cut sandwich I tried once but I remember thinking it had wa-ay too much meat, which is probably great for a lot of people but it was too salty and rich for me.  I also appreciate their grocery selection. It is a good idea to call in your order in case there is a line. Great place to pick up a picnic to take to Vanderbilt or down to the river!
Yum. Wish they offered gluten free bread!
Eating a panini elsewhere just made me realize how much better this place is than most.  Yes it can be crazy busy, yes it can take a while, but your patience is rewarded with a warm panini made with both imported and home made meats and cheeses on a freshly baked ciabatta roll.  The home made mozzarella for sale is worth every penny, the bread is fantastic and the salads made fresh every day are incredible. Go often!!!
Great sandwiches, panini, entrees & the deli food selection is incredible! They have both prosciutto di parma AND San Daniele, which I recommend to anyone who's never had it but is a fan of prosciutto. Also, be sure to try their pasta and potato salads, they're a bit on the salty side but the freshest you can get in the area.
Great fresh italian food. Top notch quality. A true gem in the poughkeepsie dining scene.
Best deli in the area. Best place to eat in Poughkeepsie. Delicious food.
All the positive reviews here made me want to try this deli. I went there on a late Friday afternoon for lunch. I ordered the Chicken Parm hero which I consider to be the benchmark  standard for an Italian deli. I was expecting something fantastic based on so many of these over the top glowing reviews. It would have been just that, but it fell short of my expectations. All the elements were there but the execution was lacking. The bread was wonderful, crusty and well toasted, the chicken was in pieces, with a soft soggy breading and needed to be crispy, as such was disappointing, the sauce was ok, with a flavor that kind of threw the balance off and the cheese was fine. It needed to be hotter as well. The Cole slaw was very good with a tasty dressing and really I liked the way it was grated in long strands. The potato salad was nothing special but was very good and tasted fresh with a good, not to heavy dressing. And finally I ordered a couple of stuffed banana peppers with prosciutto and provolone cheese inside, in oil, they were very flavorful if not somewhat overwhelming in saltiness,  I can imagine using them in a recipe, they were  intense. Overall it was a good lunch with room for improvement. I will be back.
Amazing! Found this cute little deli on yelp and had to try it out. So happy we did! We had the import sandwiches on focaccia. Absolutely delicious!! They import almost everything from Italy. Everything was so fresh! We will definitely be back very soon :)
Visited again on Presidents' Day. Sandwiches, antipasti and service were wonderful as expected
i'm not much of an Italian deli person so stopped by half heartedly, got some chicken paninis, so delicious and it's an added bonus that they were made by a cute and nice person
You can't help but give this Italian market/restaurant a five. The staff is the owners and the family that has owned it for years. They not only offer authentic Italian food but it is the freshest I have seen in the states. There is a large variety and you can't go wrong ordering anything from here. This is a must stop.
Best Italian deli ever. I love the paninis. You can't go wrong with anything there. Friendly staff.
more lunches bought from here in the last few weeks have never failed to wow me and everyone I've forced to go there :D and today I picked up something to pop into the oven for dinner, a chicken parm and a lasagne, excellent value for the money, it's a TON of food and it's REALLY good. The lunch lineup wait is undeniably long but worth it. I've noticed that there's evidently a lot of regulars, many people are addressed by name but I have never felt slighted, I (and everyone in there) am always  treated with friendliness and courtesy as if I was a regular but they didn't know my name. Trust me, they will soon!
BEST deli in poughkeepsie. hands down
I am not surprised to hear about the previous review. GO to this deli for lunch and see tons of local workers white and blue collared, grabbing their Italian eats from this little deli.  I grew up in Rhinebeck and my mother has known the owners since before I was born.  I am Italian so I know good Italian homecooking, and when my mom had to work and didnt have the time to cook for a family get together she would call the owner and get the Italian food catered by them. The red 'gravy' as we call it is almost as good as my mother's;)  I cant say it is, I might get in trouble!  Their sandwiches are great and the prices are reasonable.  You can't beat the family style and homey friendliness that this deli brings....along with the great food.
Amazing Italian deli with terrific specialty items as well as finely done traditional Italian-American options (ex, Chicken Parm). I really like their raviolis, such as the pesto or lobster stuffed ones! Perfect for a Sunday night dinner with the family.
I LOVE Rossi's and miss it so much! My father owns a multi-family house right near Rossi's so growing up I would always tag along with him when he went to check on his building, because I knew it meant a trip to Rossi's too! They have the BEST panini around, my brother and I's favorite is the basic cold italian panini as well as any of their soups. They are the nicest people and even catered my graduation party for me back in 04'. I've since moved to D.C. and have not found anything that comes close to Rossi Deli. Being Italian myself and used to home cooked Italian meals I know what good italian food is and Rossi's is the best in the Hudson Valley. Get over there ASAP you really don't know what you're missing!
i would not recommend eating at rossis unless you would never want to eat at any other Italian place because you will think everything sucks once you've eaten here and have had the best Italian Italian has to offer the food is so good it will actually piss you off nuff said
Yes, this really is as good as it gets. Amazing service, amazing Italian imports, a great selection of hot and cold foods. And truly reasonable. In the summer, you can even sit outside at one of the sidewalk tables with a cold beer and a fabulous sandwich. I just love a mom and pop joint, and you got a great one here!!!
Just had first (and it won't be my last) Panini and it was fantastic.  The deli is clean and the owners are very fast and friendly.  A must try!
A small corner mom and pop deli that you might drive right past if you didnt know it was there, but dont! Delicious panninis! I had a large chicken cutlet pannini (the pannini bread is a freshly made focaccia bread) with roasted peppers, fresh mozzarella and the olive spread/paste: The pannini was warm and melded so perfectly with the cutlet/cheese/peppers and olives. I was excellent! I also had a large Imports Mix (Prosciutto, Coppa, Sopressata with fresh Mozzarella) with balsamic vinegar and oil: Also delicious! The large panninis average about $10-12, but they are enough for There is no eat in area, but in the spring/summer you can sit outside at the tables set up in front of the deli. They have lots of daily specials, like soups (reasonably priced at $2.50-$3.00) that I would have loved to get in addition to the pannini but I was already way past being a glutton with the large pannini. They also carry Pastosa Raviolis from Brooklyn in their freezer case. These are excellent raviolis! Make the stop at Rossi's and pick up a warm pannini..you wont regret it!
Rossi's is a true gem! My wife and I first experienced them while we were students at the Culinary Institute in Hyde Park.  We quickly became fanatical regular customers. Fabio and his family, including Mrs. Rossi the Mastermind, are the most friendly and down to earth people you will ever meet.  The key to an amazing experience at Rossi's is to blindly order a sandwich and instruct them to make the sandwich how they please. Fabio has an amazing intuition as to his customer's tastes and will never fail to surprise and delight you. Aside from sandwiches their selection of cured meats, especially the in house prosciutto, and cheeses is excellent. Rossi's is the place to go for Italian specialty foods.  We now live in Brooklyn and make a point to go up to Poughkeepsie to get a sandwich. We wish we could enjoy them more frequently. One last thing, the line is as long as it is because the food is worth the wait!
Rossi's gets 5 stars because quantity, quality, and price are all on point. They have great sandwiches that are gargantuan! The meats are all nice and fresh just as the cheese.
I moved from Poughkeepsie to Rochester 4 months ago (after graduating from Marist) and I have yet to find something I miss more about the Hudson Valley.  Unfortunately, I had only discovered Rossi's two years ago and wasted the previous two years on lesser sandwiches.  Their paninis (small) are roughly the size of your face on perfectly salted bread.  I'm partial to the Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella panini which is generously portioned.  I always get artichokes added to this and choose oil and balsamic or pesto based on my mood both of which are fantastic.  All of the ingredients are fresh and made right in front of you.  The staff is extremely pleasant and remembers past customers.  If you still aren't convinced, I have a friend who got into an accident on Delafield on the way back from Rossi's and after learning that one of the bags of food remained in the totaled vehicle walked to the auto shop to retrieve it. True story. Its that good.
Oh Rossi, how we love you. I dream about the Rossi salad. I just love it so much. I have never had something here I didn't love. Everyone in my office will wait on your long lines because you are just that good, Who else can shut down for a whole month in the summer and still have us love you this much?
Like the saying goes forget the rest and try the best!
Paninis are very good and on a nice Ciabatta bread
if you do not give rossi five stars you should have your tongue cut out.
Have been to dozens of italian delis in NYC, Hoboken, etc. Rossi's beats them all
The first time I went here, I just moved and unpacked on literally the hottest day in Poughkeepsie. My husband and I walked to the deli only to find it was closed... You can imagine our devastation, as we were tired and very hungry. Anyway there was an older Italian man sitting outside, saw us and asked if we were hungry. We of course said yes, and he told us he had leftovers for us. He came out with two containers of soup and two loaves of bread!! I tried to give him money but he refused! Let me just tell you, it was the best soup and bread I've ever tasted! And after such a horrible day of moving this was the nicest gesture anyone could have offered :) we now frequent the deli and are always Delighted by whatever we order! I highly recommend this deli!!!
Best sandwiches in poughkeepsie. Hands down.
imports panini with pesto and sun-dried tomatoes is SO DELICIOUS and HUGE. All their prepared entrees are delicious as well and they carry a nice (but limited) selection of imported Italian specialty foods and items. DEF. worth a visit...or 1000.
Oh My Good Lord, Rossi's. I remembered the first time I ate here over multiple recommendations and ratings. It was probably the best Panini I ever had. Their Import Mix? Might be the solution to world peace. Going for over a year I have never once been disappointed with this place. Line can get long but its obviously worth the wait. For how busy they can get the staff generally keep their cool pretty composed. Food is Delicious and well executed, house cured meats and a giant selection of deli condiments, tons of great sides and salads to choose from. Overall, For 10 dollars I can get a meal worth the joy of a thousand laughing babies. GO
Only here for a month and trying to find the best Italian places to eat, found this place down by Main St and it was AMAZING love it! The service is great, food is delicious, and I am definitely going back! I know good food when I see it and this definitely is a great place to eat, especially the pannini I had today. They have a variety of stuff to choose from as well.
Discovered this by accident recently--we were biking up to Rhinebeck, and were sore and in bad, bad need of a panini, and we stopped by chance...and hit the jackpot.  Fresh bread, fresh mozzarella, fresh pesto, served by charming people working amidst mountainous prosciutto hams and and vast vistas of the most delicious cheese and meats--one of the great deli experiences of all time.  I brought my entire bike touring group (14) for two more meals (lunch the next day, and breakfast the next), and am still dreaming of that mozzarella.  A surprise, a gem, and itself worth a trip to the Hudson valley--don't miss Rossi's.
First, I want to say there is no other deli on the planet that has a line of customers   going out the door, onto the sidewalk on a late Saturday afternoon. The food is that good and worth the sometimes 20 minute wait. The homemade bread is like nothing I've ever had, and I've had Arthur Ave bread from the Bronx thousands of times. It's so incredibly fresh and tasty. The food will have you recruiting your friends that have never experienced it. I would just HIGHLY recommend you to be very specific when ordering a sandwich. In my experience there are two different type of combo sandwiches (Italian and American). Both are cold sandwiches. An American is bologna, boiled ham and I think turkey (disgusting). The Italian  is peperoni, salami and ham. I ordered an Italian combo on focaccia bread. I was asked if I wanted domestic or imported. I assumed domestic would be the America version and Italian would be domestic. I was wrong. My sandwich was a combination of two meats; sopressata  and prosciutto, both in which I don't like. The sandwich was also hot. I was informed when I returned it that all sandwiches that are ordered on specialty bread is put on a hot press. Of course, once I received what I actually wanted, the sandwich was incredible. I live in Ulster county and have no problem driving into Dutchess just to get a sandwich because nobody makes a sandwich like Rossi's
Love the roast beef sandwich. Sandwich sizes are great. You won't be sorry.
Good sandwiches I had the Italian import for lunch and my wife had the chicken pannini, second time I've been there and one of the owners let me shot some pictures and I posted it on FLICKR and the woman in the register help me  chose the right TORRONE Italian nougat, Thank you guys and I will be back again whenever I have a chance.
Love the pasta salad here....I dont know how they make something so simple taste soooo good!!
Rossi's has the best sandwiches and they are HUGE! You can customize with whatever delicious toppings you like. I am partial to the roast pork with plenty of marinated veggies like peppers and eggplant. I forget the name of the Italian cold cut sandwich I tried once but I remember thinking it had wa-ay too much meat, which is probably great for a lot of people but it was too salty and rich for me.  I also appreciate their grocery selection. It is a good idea to call in your order in case there is a line. Great place to pick up a picnic to take to Vanderbilt or down to the river!
Yum. Wish they offered gluten free bread!
Eating a panini elsewhere just made me realize how much better this place is than most.  Yes it can be crazy busy, yes it can take a while, but your patience is rewarded with a warm panini made with both imported and home made meats and cheeses on a freshly baked ciabatta roll.  The home made mozzarella for sale is worth every penny, the bread is fantastic and the salads made fresh every day are incredible. Go often!!!
Great sandwiches, panini, entrees & the deli food selection is incredible! They have both prosciutto di parma AND San Daniele, which I recommend to anyone who's never had it but is a fan of prosciutto. Also, be sure to try their pasta and potato salads, they're a bit on the salty side but the freshest you can get in the area.
Great fresh italian food. Top notch quality. A true gem in the poughkeepsie dining scene.
Best deli in the area. Best place to eat in Poughkeepsie. Delicious food.
