The whole family went for dinner while in Poughkeepsie on a Saturday night and we were pleasantly surprised by the outstanding food and service.  Don't let it's location in a strip plaza between a couple liquor stores fool you, Crew is the real deal. We started by sharing the salmon fritters, chicken satay, and tuna tacos.  The salmon fritters were amazing and we all fought over the last one.  The chicken satay wasn't really "satay" so much as it was grilled chicken strips with a peanut dipping sauce.  The sauce was tasty (mmm, liquid peanut butter), but the chicken was disappointing and my father thought it had a chewy texture.  The tuna tacos were pretty good, but the salmon fritters dish was the big winner. For dinner, my father and I shared the scallops special and the NY strip steak.  The scallops were perfectly done and came covered with a delicious mushroom demi-glace.  The steak was cooked to our liking (medium rare) and was tender and flavorful.  My brother also had a steak and the women ordered salads.  Everyone enjoyed their meals. Crew has a really nice selection of not-your-usual craft beers on tap, but the cosmo, according to my cosmo-expert stepmother, was just average. We shared some pistachio and hazelnut gelato for dessert, and they were both great.  Crew was a big hit and we will definitely be back!
Classy dinning in a strip mall! With CIA chefs and a decor from Broadway we love Crew. Avocado tuna tartare a tower that melts in your mouth and falls open like a flower go fast go now!
Again, here is yet another joint that I have been eyeing to check out for some ridiculous amount of time now, that I finally just got around to experiencing for the first time this past Friday night.   My husband and I met up with an old friend and his newly acquired, lovely girlfriend.  We were both glad that we had decided to meet up here with some friends on a busy Friday because the place was MOBBED!  Standing room only at 7:00pm, and even that was scarce!  10 more people in the place, and we'd all have been gridlocked until Monday morning for sure! So, the 45 minute wait for a dinner table was no matter due to the fact that we were imbibing of the great selection of on-tap drafts in the presence of good company!  Otherwise, waiting may have been quite a chore. I've noted earlier reviews that dub the waitstaff as aloof, stoic, impersonal, clueless, unknowledgeable, and have even eluded to them as being downright "rude". And yes, the waitstaff are definitely mostly 20-somethings, still trying to find their way in life, but I did find that every time I had to squeeze my way down the narrow, crowded corridor to the bathroom in the rear, each and every staff member that would have otherwise collided head-on with me, always stepped back and to the side to allow me to pass and always did so quite graciously, uttering the words "Excuse me".  So, I personally did not find the waitstaff to be rude, or pretentious.   During dinner, even in the insanely chaotic atmosphere, our young waitress was attentive and did not skip a beat with honoring any of our many requests.  She was polite and knowledgeable and right on the ball the whole night.  We ended up spending 3 and 1/2 hours at Crew! Our food was of satisfying portions, artfully well-prepared by an obviously skilled and assiduous Chef, whom later appeared at our tableside after dinner to personally ask how our dinners were. I was impressed by that.   The decor is classy and trendy, the prices are moderate and reasonable, the staff is attentive and on-the-ball (at least during out visit) and the food and beverages offer a wide variety of deliciousness thru and through! Don't like noisy crowds?  Just don't show up on a Friday or Saturday night . My only complaint was that it was the ambient noise was so elevated, that we all found it necessary to virtually shout at one another to be heard over dinner.  That's an annoyance when you're just trying to enjoy a nice dinner out with friends.
The food was excelent and the service was excelent but i must admit when i got there i was not expecting this
I have visited this restaurant many times over the years.  Staff is always great.  First time here, the food was great but over the times, I feel like the quality is dropping. Esp the duck dinner.  Also what I don't get, is how most of the lunch items are on the dinner menu but for almost double the price for the same thing. Overall, this place is good but not my first choice anymore.
Been here a couple of times, nice selection of beers and always changing. The food is excellent no matter what you choose.
I went to Crew's because of Yelp's good reviews. Not disappointed. Small but quality draft beer selection. I was enjoying a local IPA within 3 minutes. I ordered the nightly special surf and turf-petit filet and salmon cakes, mmmmm! I was sitting at the grill bar so I watched the chef prepare my dinner. He delivered it and asked after about fifteen minutes if it was okay. The perfect amount of attention. Dinner was great and completed with a nice brown ale. Enjoy!
New favorite lunch spot. My roommate and I decided to eat somewhere for lunch that we have never been before. It was Sunday morning so when we got on Yelp it really cut our choices down, and we decided to go with Crew since we knew exactly where it was. We had always passed it but never gone in. Wow. So happy we went, I already want to go back. The decor is more reminiscent of the type of restaurant where I would be dropping forty or fifty dollars, but my whole lunch was under twelve. It blends a vibe of professionalism with an undertone of relaxation perfectly. I had the BLT and it was perfect. The bread was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, while the bacon exploded with flavor in my mouth. Definitely, definitely, going back. 100% recommend. I can't wait to try their dinner menu.
A genuine place with a lot going for it but needs to fox a few things. I want to start off by saying  really enjoy the vibe of this place ti relaxed but upbeat you could simultaneously take a date here, or a group of the guys. A mix between bar and bistro that somehow works. Anyway we stopped in for quick lunch and order  several appetizers. None of which were bad however they needed adjustments. First was the salmon fritters which seem to be pretty popular the were fried alright and overall a decent for a fritter but nothing made say wow, especially the sauce would've used a little more zip. Then there was the tuna tacos, I really enjoyed the tun and filling but everything else was a wreck. First of all the shell was way to crunchy it just shattered, and as for the scallion and fried noodles its way too much it becomes difficult to eat. Next there was the potato croquettes which were mad out to be trifled and delicious but were very bland and would expect a few smaller ones rather than two large ones. Now lastly we got the chicken satay which was my favorite well seasoned cooked well and decent peanut sauce and balsamic glaze a nice touch however again with the damn scallion garnish little is fine but c'mon this is too much. oh and Caesar salad but its Caesar salad you cant; really screw that up. Service was sort of middle of the road, could've been slightly quicker especially with drinks however are waitress was definitely courteous and understanding probably just a little busy I think Crew is a good restaurant and will probably stick around I really hope they fine tune these thing because they could be great
The food and service is always amazing here! You start out with a basic bread and butter, but their butter is mixed with jelly to give it a sweet taste. Great drink selection at a great price!
Lunch has always been good . Went for dinner very disappointed. Had an issue with my wife's entree. No one ever came to the table to see what was wrong. The only thing they were concerned with was selling us dessert. We will never go back.
Impeccable service, great atmosphere and outstanding food. My other half and I skipped waiting for seating and sat at the open kitchen bar seating. An amazing view and a great night. This is where you go to get that 5 star feel.
It pains me to have to downgrade my review because I really liked this place the first time around. I'm just really hoping they had a bad night, but some of the issues I know were not a fluke. For one, the portions are significantly smaller. The sweet butter that comes with the bread it divine, but 4 tiny slices of bread, does not do the giant hunk of butter justice. I ordered the goat cheese wontons and could have fit them all on my fork at once. It was more like a tapas plate, or a very generous amuse bouche, and inside, was literally just a little chunk of goat cheese, no other flavors, which was kind of a let down at close to $10. Our drinks were never refilled, and with the water glass being so small, that kind of is a big deal. Our waitress was very pleasant and made sure to make us aware when something was going to take a while, which was appreciated. Also, just on a side note, and not to sound like a hater, but why are all the waitstaff girls, and why are they all dressed like they're clubbing on the Jersey shore? Mini skirts, skin tight clothing, and some in heels? Really? Anyway, the real issue here was the Orecchiette, the first time in, knocked my my socks off, insanely good. My husband ordered it and could not stop eating it, and he is very much a person who eats to live, so I was surprised. It came adorned with a nice pancetta crisp which he gladly handed over to me. This time I ordered the pasta, and well...damn. Right off the bat I was smacked with an obscene amount of black pepper, to the point where it was spicy,  all you tasted was black pepper. Then to add insult to injury, the pancetta crisp, was anything but. Have you ever fried up a crap ton of bacon and although you know the left overs are cold and stale 2 hours later, you still shove it into your face? Thats what happened here, no way that thing was made to order, it had been sitting, a while. My husbands chicken marsala came on the bone which was great because, thats where you get flavor. However it was hard to tell how much flavor since it was fit for a doll house. $24 for a tiny piece of chicken and 5 very shriveled mushrooms, no. Our desserts were pretty good, molten cake, and bread pudding. But only having had water, our bill came to $80. $10 for molten cake, is kind of ridiculous. Had it just been the inconstant pasta, I'd say, hey they slipped and went overboard with the pepper, and the pancetta...ok theres no excuse for that. But the portions were just too crazy to ignore, after tip, we dropped $100 on a mediocre meal. I hate to say, I doubt I'll be returning any time soon.
I wanted to update my review as I went back for my tuna tacos and wouldn't you know it...they downsized the appetizer by 1/3 in size! My pet peeve is not higher prices, we all know that has to happen. It's skimping on portions, skimping on the ingredients that drive up that price and lowering quality. I was a little surprised that the dish had been changed for the worse, especially when it's what I was going there for!
I have not been to Crew in a long time.  With the many other places to go, I like to mix it up.  This visit to Crew has shown me I should go more often.  The service was phenomenal.  Kathrine and Tom were serving at the bar.  My wife and I were sitting at the high tables just outside the bar.  You would think that Kathrine and Tom were our personal servers.  With a crowded bar they not only were able to assure all the people sitting at the bar were taken care of, they took care of us and never missed a beat.  They were both able to recommend a good IPA based on what I told them I liked.  We ordered a couple of drinks and a couple of appetizers..  Food was great.. If I was to go for the food, I would go from time to time because there are other places to get good food.. but add good food to the great service by Kathrine and Tom.. that will certainly get me back to Crew more often.
I will say this first.  Crew looks like a great place to hang out with some friends by the bar and have a beer and appetizer, unfortunately I went there for date night with my wife and we did not like it.  Personal opinion since other people seemed to love it.   The service was excellent and we were seated very quickly in the back room.   The moment they brought the piece of bread out for the two us, I knew we were gonna have issues.  It was tiny to say the least.   We had the salmon fritters and new england clam chowder to start.  The chowder was very watery.  The taste was OK, but way too watery. the salmon fritters were good but were more breading than salmon.   For dinner, I had the pulled pork sandwich and my wife had one of their specials, the eggplant parm.   I felt the pulled pork was very different, not bad, but I would have not I dunno.  I ate it and it started off descent, but got very tiring and less appetizing as I went along.   Lastly, my wife had maybe a third of the egg plant and a bite of the pasta.  She was not happy with the food.   We finally finished it off with a Chocolate Brownie Sundae which had the tiniest scoop of ice cream I have ever seen.   All in all.  Descent place, but I would not return unless it was just to sit at the bar and have some appetizers.   The decor was awesome, and the open kitchen a very nice touch.  The place was hopping when we left, full house and everyone seemed to be enjoying their food.  As an FYI we love steak and shell fishes and it was not our thing.
I've only been here once, and it was exceptional.  The food was outstanding with one of the better seared tuna appetizers I've ever had.  I love the open kitchen, the creative offerings and great bar selections.  Our service on the other hand left much to be desired.  Very impersonal, yet it was very busy.  But being busy should never take away from service and personality.  Be sure to go to Half Time next door to stock up with the best beer selection around!
It is difficult to reconcile the great reviews on Yelp with our experience at lunch today. While it was not a terrible lunch, it was certainly not a great one. The good: The wait staff was very pleasant and personable. No problem there. The food was reasonable quality and the interior is nicely decorated and maintained. The not so good: The waitstaff, while pleasant, did a pretty poor job. -The food took way too long to get to our table(about 30 min after our order). - A request for mustard for a burger took over 10 minuted to arrive. - An order of soup was forgotten and arrived after the main course. - A request for crackers required 10 minutes to find out that they did not have any - bread was offered but it required additional time to warm up. -We were told the specials for desert and ordered their cranberry walnut cheesecake (one in our group had had it before and really liked it) - 5 minutes later were were informed it was not available. -They never offered to refill my soda throughout the time there (an hour and a half)and only refilled some of the water glasses once. -A cappachino arrived cold as well. The steak sandwich, while reasonably tasty, had very little steak in it. Several in our party joked about how little there was. It would have been a good $5 sandwich but this was $12. This meal would have gotten 2.5 stars from me if Yelp allowed. I am giving them 3 due to extenuating circumstances. First, this was just lunch - perhaps this place really shines at dinner or as a bar. Second, it was Dec 26th so they may have had some Holiday related staffing issues.
We thought we'd try this on a Sunday afternoon. The gal on the phone told me that lunch was until 4pm. We got there at 3:47, and they told us lunch ended at 3:45. But then, they also told us we'd have to wait fifteen minutes for the dinner menu. We looked at the basic menu while we waited for the dinner specials. I love that it is printed daily. Kudos for that! However, the place was super LOUD. I mean music BLASTING. This would be fine for a night of dancing, it's not really what I want to eat to. When the menu came, I saw a duck dinner that looked great for $27. Well, if I am going to buy a $27 duck dinner, it's going to be in a quiet restaurant with white table cloths, and servers trained in fine dining. There was no way I was going to shell out $27 to eat duck to Lady Gaga at the loudest decibles. Additionally, there was almost nothing gluten-free for me. Even if I had decided to get the duck, I couldn't have had the potatoes or many other things, because they all had flour. The servers and hostess were polite (despite the miscommuncations regarding the menus), but we ended up paying for my husband's coffee and leaving to go eat somewhere else that wouldn't cause our ears to bleed.
On average, I will exclaim "WHY IS THIS FOOD SO GOOD?!" about 5 times per meal whenever I eat at Crew. Everything is absurdly delicious... from the freshly baked bread and apple jelly-laced butter to the perfectly cooked NY strip steak and the yummy mascarpone ravioli. Oh my. I love that they have a rotating beer list and that it always includes local and seasonal microbrews . (It helps to have the best beer shop in the area right next door to your restaurant, I suppose). If only they'd invest in some heavy-duty drapes to obscure the craptastic view of the Dodge dealership across the street, Crew could easily steal the title as my favorite restaurant in Dutchess County. And that says a lot for a girl who avoids strip malls at all costs. Sometimes you can still find a diamond in the rough.
Crew gets 5 stars for being a 5 star experience, in the space in which it plays. More specifically...I don't think I've ever been disappointed at Crew. A great place for "better" food, if not "fine dining." Super-cool interior, but casual enough to have sports on the TV at the bar. A nice selection of beers on tap, thanks to being right next to Half Time (which is, perhaps, one of the best beer stores in THE FREAKING COUNTRY.) And the food...well, that's terrific, too. Sure, the servers can appear a little bit too cool for school (they are all -- boys and girls -- young, pretty, dressed in black, and perhaps trained to do that 20-something aloof/disinterested thingie with their facial expression...), but the service is surprisingly good. The menu is interesting and the specials are sometimes doubly so; our last visit included chicken-fried steak as an APPETIZER special, and something they called a "Fried Chicken Noodle Bowl" as an entree.  And...as one of my dining mates commented... "The cheeseburger is not to be overlooked." I love that Crew is local, not overpriced, and darn good eats.
This is a very nice find in Poughkeepsie, NY for dinner.  The price was reasonable, the beer selection was great.  If you're into beer, you'll love the DogFish Head IPA with 21% alc content (they only allow one of those per customer).  The crab cake was delicious and rich in flavor, almost as good as what I had in San Fran's pier.  I've tried a few dishes here before, they were all good.  However, the NY Strip was chewy (medium cooked), but it was very well seasoned (not the Chef's fault, just a low quality cut). Final thoughts, is try the strong beer.  I wouldn't order the NY Strip again, but I'm spoiled by KC's great BBQ and Steaks.
Ah, The Crew. If there is anyone else that has spent more time or money than me there then my hat's off to you. At the peak of my madness, I spent about 20 days out of the month there. With my liver and my waistband protesting, I alas had to cut back, but still make it there 1-2 days a week. Say Hi if you ever see me at the bar when you walk in. Not hard to miss, only Asian guy at the bar 99.9% of the time. Enough about me, onto the review: **The Location** Yes, it's in a strip mall. And unfortunately, at this point it has the requisite empty storefront with the "For Rent" sign in it. Is there a law that says all strip malls have to have an empty storefront? Being a strip mall, though, it does have convenient parking and is easily accessible via Rt 9. **The Space** Crew's interior has a modern touch to it. The kitchen, dining area, and bar are all one big open space. This allows crew to become very lively during the weekends as the conversation from the bar kitchen and restaurant all meld together. The granite-topped bar, like the rest of the restaurant is slightly upscale and takes up the front corner of the restaurant. This is where I spend most of my time. For those of you who want to watch a game, there are two TV's which can also been seen from some booths in the restaurant. This might be useful for those of you who were dragged out to dinner when there is a must-see game going on. **The Food** The chefs are CIA trained, so most everything they serve is excellent I haven't had everything on the menu, but I've had most of it. The Chicken Orchiette is my stand by, but I like the catfish and rib-eye also. If you're lucky your meal will come with the potato croquettes . I would rec commend trying the numerous specials they have most nights. They're normally very creative and orginal with them.  Odds are you will not go away unhappy.   **The Bar** The wine list is big enough that you should find something to your liking, although I don't drink much wine, so that's about all I have to say about that. The beer is another story. I drink a lot of that. They have around 9 or 10 rotating beers, and most of it is micro brews or unique beers you don't normally find on tap. Belgian Triple's, Ommegang, Souther Tier, Arrogant Bastard, etc...  No Bud, Miller, or Coors here, although they do have them in bottles along with others. **Summary** One of the better restaurants in the area. The food is fresh and prepared well. Great beer selection. Good bar atmosphere. Expect around $9 for apps, $21 for entree, $6 desert and $6 per drink.
This is D place for meeting your colleague's or having a quiet chat with your friends.  The place is small,but there is a good amount of seating in the bar area as well as the dining area.Their tiny blue lights hanging in center gives the place a slightly contemporary look ,but the Diner -like kitchen area and slightly dressed up crowd creates a whole remixed environment; which is confusing and interesting in a good way.   But with a good list of wine,beer and comfort food,the cooking crew of Crew have done a good job.  I haven't eaten here yet,but i would definitely like to visit Crew for a nice dinner accompanied with their delicious wine. -Smriti
Very good! Small menu but the choices are good. The bar has a wide and unique variety of beers (being right next to a distributor). They also have nice wine and spirits. These are culinary chefs with knowledge of their food. Very nice decor and a trendy feel. The seating is tight but worth being slightly cramped. Been going here for years and will keep going. Overall a 8.5/10. Would get a 9 if the menu was bigger and it wasnt so cramped.
While debating between Crave and Crew we decided on Crew thanks to the previous reviews. It was amazing! We got there early since reservations are only for 6 or more and we had 5 people. The place is cozy and casual.  The cooks are out in the open and you can sit right up close or farther away at a table. To start off we had some drinks: Manhattan, 7 in 7, Whiskey Sour and a Beer (great beer selection being next to Halftime and all). Next were appetizers: my husband and I split the salad special and the tuna app, both were out of this world. My dad had the quail special while my mom had  both said it was fantastic. For dinner I had the Shrimp over Ox Tail Risotto. I had no idea what to expect but boy was it delicious. My dad had a scallop special, mom had the Steak Frites, everything was prepared perfectly and very tasty. We are so glad we tried this place out. It didn't feel like we were in Poughkeepsie anymore. Great place to watch a game with the guys or take grandma to. We will certainly be back. I started my review a few months ago and never finished it. Since that review, we have been back about 3 times and each time better than the last. One night the restaurant was very busy and some of the workers had not shown up to work, so service was quite slow. The Manager offered us after dinner drinks on the house, but it was very late and we were there for about 2 hours and did not accept, but it was a very nice touch for them to offer at least.
I have visited this restaurant many times over the years.  Staff is always great.  First time here, the food was great but over the times, I feel like the quality is dropping. Esp the duck dinner.  Also what I don't get, is how most of the lunch items are on the dinner menu but for almost double the price for the same thing. Overall, this place is good but not my first choice anymore.
I've visited CREW regularly for quite some time. If you haven't been yet you owe it to yourself to get there and enjoy some of the best food, service and atmosphere in the area.  Great beer and wine lists, awesome bar and wait staff, amazing culinary talent! This is one a a handful (but a growing handful)of restaurants in the Hudson Valley that would be successful in NYC. Always on point, always interesting, always innovating but always consistent in quality and delivery.  Tom and Becky work hard to make sure you a never disappointed. I'm not!
One of my favorite places to eat! Its a small place and everybody knows your name. I love that environment. Its a great place to take a friend for a drink. I like the culinary style food and the trendy- city style bar. Its a great place for memories.
3.751 Stars I have seen this formula of venue in: Newport, RI, NYC, NJ, Boston, and other places on the east coast. 1. Nice room with and Open Kitchen, and an inviting bar area. Hip Modern decor. Well lit but not too bright. 2. Quality craft beers on tap, and a careful selection of right-priced wines. Knowledgeable bartenders and a decent selection of signature cocktails. 3. Simple menu executed well featuring slightly upscale new American Comfort food. 4. Young attractive, well trained service staff. Adult Contemporary sound track leaning towards Alternative. The "Game" on the TV in background. So how does Crew rate? Quite well I'd have to say. If I had to guess the clientèle is dominated by late twenties-early thirties types, but your Moms would feel comfortable here as well. I had a Tuscan bean soup with a Caesar, I ordered mine plain but you could add chicken or fish for a modest charge. The server brought me some grilled Scali bread for the soup, a nice touch. The goat cheese wantons were ok, not as good as the chicken satay skewers. The wraps were fresh and tasty. * Vegetarians will not starve here. Can't certify it's vegan safe but it might be. * Plenty of affordable choices, entree salads, sammys, and entrees. * YASMG.
It's next to Half Time... genius move, Crew! I haven't been here for dinner yet, just one lone lunch with a friend when I returned a keg to Half Time. I had a smoked turkey panini with cranberry mayo, which was really tasty. I loved the bread it came on, a foccacia-like crusty bread with herbs baked right in. Nom. The husband ordered linguini bolognese and he also enjoyed that. I noticed quite a few regulars there, which is a good sign. We'll have to return for dinner at some point.
4.5 STARS. Very good dining experience! CREW is definitely a must to try. Coming from Miami very impressed by this restaurant in Poughkeepsie. Service was excellent. Seated quickly (although it was Thursday, Oct 10, 2013). Bread & water also arrives quickly. The butter that accompanies the bread is delicious. Appetizers ordered Goat cheese & mushroom Crostini - very good. Artisanal cheese platter - good but small Oysters - very good, fresh nice size but expensive (3.25 ea) Salads Forgot the name- had pear, goat cheese,  craisins, walnuts & mixed greens - excellent Entrees Orecchiette pasta - delicious! Filet Mignon - excellent very tender with a delicious port essence sauce. John Fazio duck breast - probably the best duck I had in a very long time!  Excellent very juicy & tender. Desserts Bread pudding Cheese cake - had some kind of chocolate mixed in. Apple crisp ALL 3 DELICIOUS!!!! Nice beer & wine selection. All food presentation was on par. A really good restaurant - very happy to have found it!
The food is great and the atmosphere is super fun. It does get crowded quickly, and they DO NOT take reservations unless your group is over 8.
Stylish interior, warm staff, and great if not inventive food. We all wound up ordering sandwiches for brunch (none of the breakfasty options seemed that tempting), and all of them were winners. It was fun to watch the open kitchen, and there are even a few stools at the counter there. I really admire Crew's taste in beer, which is eclectic and high-quality without being snobbish. If I were a local, I can imagine making this place my home base.
Since I wrote the last review I've been to Crew again several times. First off, the high quality of food has remained consistent. The tastefully tiny dresses on the hostesses will please any boss or inlaw you're taking there to impress. It certainly gets crowded on weekends, and with good reason. Benchmark margarita: good, but on the small side. The time I was barside waiting for my party, the bartender made a big production out of making this, but it was still "fine". Perhaps I'm getting cranky in my old age. Oysters - good. Not great. Could use a chill. Really, tiny bottles of Tabasco? really? I guess that's hygenic, it felt more like I was getting a hotel shampoo with my oysters. Chicken satay app, fine, nothing to write home about. Ahi tuna app, fantastic. Steaks, very very good, I had a filet mignon which was memorable, one of my companions had the chicken breast, let me tell you we fought over the potato croquettes, two of us had 'em, five of us wanted 'em. Steak frites - terrific. Not as good as Brasserie 292 or Mon Ami Gabi, if you're keeping score, but still terrific. Someone cried eating the chocolate mousse, it was spectacular. Panna Cotta - wheeeeew great. Creme Brulee, well, how do you go wrong with that? it's fine. Crew is expensive for us, and definitely next level, along with Crave, the CIA, Ruth's Chris, that sort of thing.
One of my favorite restaurants in the area. Perfect for date night! The food is always very delicious - One of my favorite things to order is the Chinese chicken salad (I sometimes order it with salmon instead of chicken, both are very tasty). I've had most dishes on the menu, all are amazing & they always have yummy specials. The open kitchen is really cool! I'm always greeted with a smiling face and service is great. The owners are very friendly and always make me feel welcomed which is sometimes hard to find when you are not over the age of 35. Def check this place out!
Great place for lunch. I've been here three times with my wife.  Every time the food has been terrific, the staff friendly, and the prices reasonable. A great selection of beers is the icing on the cake. And speaking of cake, the daily cheesecake selection in sinfully delicious.  After lunch I can walk next door to Half Time check out the beer selection.  What could be better?
I remember when Crew opened, I used to pass by it on route 9 and think "hmm, another bar; who cares?".  I had never gone there on my own; I ended up going with friends for a couple of functions.  I was quite pleasantly surprised.  Usually there's at least three of us if not more; we typically will share a number of appetizers and entrees.  In this way I can claim that 'everything' there is good...  Also, their beer selection is pretty good, with a number of microbrews.   Tip: If it's a bit loud for you there (you're probably sitting at the bar), see if you can get one of the semi-private rooms in the back.
Open kitchen helps take you away from the fact this place is in a strip mall. Food was decent. Mixed drinks were stiff. It would be nice to have a better wine menu.
Okay for real? With the 4 stars for this place? The food is decent. Pricey. Not that good. The crème brûlée was an epic disappointment. I'll probably be back bc there's nothing else in Poughkeepsie, but that's only why.
I returned to Crew for the first time in years recently.  I had remembered it as being pleasant, but with sort of snooty service.  I was super impressed with my recent visit. The service was attentive, but not rushing.  The hostess was very friendly and gave us some options for seating (it was a weeknight). Menu is much more expansive than the one on the web site.  Drink menu is super impressive as are the wine and beer selections. I had steak frites, which came with a really great side salad (and I'm not usually a salad person) and fries.  The steak was cooked to my specification and tasty, although I might have preferred a little mroe seasoning.  My companions both had pasta - one the oriecchette and the other the ravioli special.  I had *several* bites of the oriecchette and found it to be fantastic.  The ravioli was also raved about. The ambiance was very pleasant, too.  They were playing Billy Joel's greatest hits, but not too loudly, and the whole room felt like it was full of people having a good time. The chef checked in with us near the end of our meal and was very friendly.   Dessert was apple crisp - it was the only thing that underwhelmed a bit, and it was very good.  I just wish it had been a little more cohesive and easier to eat.  Tasted great. This was a great experience and I *definitely* don't plan to wait years before my third visit to Crew!
I was in the neighborhood for business checked in at the Hampton inn. Yelped for nearby restaurants and bars and saw that this place had great reviews. Came in on a Sunday afternoon, ordered a blue point draft and the pulled pork. The pulled pork sandwich was one of the best I've ever had. The digs was pretty cool with an open kitchen facing part of the dining area. Reasonably priced and football was on.  The bartneder at the time Heather was also very pleasant and accommodating. Highly recommend the place.
This restaurant has gone into the rotation for my husband and me.  It is a bit on the pricey side for what you get, however almost everything I have ordered has always been delicious.  The one thing that was mediocre was the cream of broccoli soup which was way too salty.  The waitstaff has always been very nice, and I've never had to wait long.  I saw some mediocre/bad reviews so maybe we have just been lucky because we have only been there a handful of times, but each of these times we have both been impressed and left satisfied.
Stopped in for lunch today while picking up some beer from Half Time.  I'm always skeptical of places that open shop in a strip mall as it doesn't seem like the optimal location for a restaurant.   I've probably been to Half Time a hundred times and never thought of going here to eat.  A co-worker of mine (who also frequents Half Time) had told me how good this place was. It was pretty quiet, the bar was full and there were a couple of tables.  We were seated immediately.  Waitress was just as quick to come and take our drink \ app orders.  Decent draught list of 8 - 10 craft brews.  I started out with a Six Point Righteous Rye and followed it up with a Flower Power with my meal.   For the meal, DW went with a club chicken wrap with a side salad, DD went with a grilled cheese and I went with the steak sandwich.  All of the food was super fresh and tasty.  DW said that she wouldn't mind making the Half Time trip with me if we can come here each time.
if not for its proximity to the beer store (half time), we would have never even noticed crew, let alone gone inside for lunch. but in keeping my eyes peeled for alcohol, i spotted this unassuming restaurant within the same tiny strip mall. hungry, not having a clue where to get a decent lunch in poughkeepsie (i did not do my yelp homework beforehand!) and with intentions of making a beer run anyhow, we figured, why not? call us city snobs...fine...but we were happily surprised by the descriptions on the lunch menu and by the looks of the food being served to nearby tables. we started off sharing 2 cups of soup - a hot & sour eggdrop and a chilled mango/carrot/ginger - both as delicious as they were unique. the presentation was nicely done as well; soups were each served in an oversize white coffee cup, instead of a small bowl, with a baguette slice on the side. soup specials rotate daily, but if you see these again, i highly recommend! we followed this with a chicken club wrap* for the boy and a roasted veggie sandwich* for me. per the menu, it's portabello mushrooms, zucchini, roasted red peppers, mozzarella, red onion and pesto on toasted foccacia  (bonus points for not including eggplant!) but i substituted whole wheat bread to be healthier. it was grilled to perfection and truly hit the spot. while the fries on other tables did look good (yup, we're fry snobs, too), we both opted for the house salad as our sides (they also offered cole slaw, and maybe something else?). despite being doused in dressing, the salad was decent and we both made all gone :) crew had just gotten their liquor license 2 days before our visit, so unfortunately they had no beers on tap (or in bottle) and limited wine options. we chose to dine sans alcohol and then hit up the beer store next door for some brews (see review below!) prices were not dirt cheap, but fair considering the quality of the food ($4.50/cup of soup, $8.50/sandwich). if we lived in the area, i am sure we'd be back...but the next time we venture up to dutchess county, i'd prefer to find something more fittingly quaint. *see photos!
After a number of great meals here I had to upgrade the rating of Crew. The steak frites and pulled pork are both amazing. Never a complaint from any meal here. Crew is popular and can get crowded, the staff does a good job of keeping everything under control. Always something interesting on tap and specials for dinner. I see one of the chefs from my other favorite place in town Beech Tree grill working the kitchen pretty often. I accidentally make a guest appearance on their website, the blurry guy staring at his computer in the olive oil shot. It's an all CIA Crew at Crew, and they do a great job!
I've been going to Crew since it opened about 8-9 years ago.  I've always enjoyed it here, and felt that Poughkeepsie benefited greatly from a more "upscale" bar experience coupled with excellent food.  They've gone through some changes through the years, but for the most part things have remained consistent and good.  This is the one spot I love to stop into for a beer (they usually have about 10 microbrews on tap)and a small bite to eat.
The whole family went for dinner while in Poughkeepsie on a Saturday night and we were pleasantly surprised by the outstanding food and service.  Don't let it's location in a strip plaza between a couple liquor stores fool you, Crew is the real deal. We started by sharing the salmon fritters, chicken satay, and tuna tacos.  The salmon fritters were amazing and we all fought over the last one.  The chicken satay wasn't really "satay" so much as it was grilled chicken strips with a peanut dipping sauce.  The sauce was tasty (mmm, liquid peanut butter), but the chicken was disappointing and my father thought it had a chewy texture.  The tuna tacos were pretty good, but the salmon fritters dish was the big winner. For dinner, my father and I shared the scallops special and the NY strip steak.  The scallops were perfectly done and came covered with a delicious mushroom demi-glace.  The steak was cooked to our liking (medium rare) and was tender and flavorful.  My brother also had a steak and the women ordered salads.  Everyone enjoyed their meals. Crew has a really nice selection of not-your-usual craft beers on tap, but the cosmo, according to my cosmo-expert stepmother, was just average. We shared some pistachio and hazelnut gelato for dessert, and they were both great.  Crew was a big hit and we will definitely be back!
Great bar, mediocre food, terrible service. I held off on reviewing this place because when I've been just for drinks with friends, I enjoyed it. My dining experience, however, has been so terrible there's no chance I'll be back.  One of my previous experiences included an order for lobster ravioli that was still frozen in the center when I received it and a burger ordered medium but was absolutely dripping in blood when it arrived. As in puddle-on-the-plate bloody. Politely sent it back and asked for it just to be cooked another minute or two and watched as the chef berated us to the waitress. I've worked in restaurants before so that part isn't so shocking, but the fact that it's an open kitchen we were sitting in front of  and heard every word was. The last time I was there was about a week ago for a friend's birthday. We had reserved a table for 8:30. Arrived at 8:25 to be told they gave our table away, too bad, you'll just have to wait. Treated so rudely that we asked a hostess if we could speak to a manager and were told that we had previously been speaking to the owner. No apologies for giving away our reservation (even though we were early!) or the fact that 15 people were now standing around starving because we expected to eat at 8:30 and were now made to wait another half hour to even be seated. Pretty unbelievable. As a positive, the bartenders were knowledgable and courteous, as was our waitress (once we were finally seated). Too bad their boss isn't. I won't be back and neither will most of the group I was with.
Again, here is yet another joint that I have been eyeing to check out for some ridiculous amount of time now, that I finally just got around to experiencing for the first time this past Friday night.   My husband and I met up with an old friend and his newly acquired, lovely girlfriend.  We were both glad that we had decided to meet up here with some friends on a busy Friday because the place was MOBBED!  Standing room only at 7:00pm, and even that was scarce!  10 more people in the place, and we'd all have been gridlocked until Monday morning for sure! So, the 45 minute wait for a dinner table was no matter due to the fact that we were imbibing of the great selection of on-tap drafts in the presence of good company!  Otherwise, waiting may have been quite a chore. I've noted earlier reviews that dub the waitstaff as aloof, stoic, impersonal, clueless, unknowledgeable, and have even eluded to them as being downright "rude". And yes, the waitstaff are definitely mostly 20-somethings, still trying to find their way in life, but I did find that every time I had to squeeze my way down the narrow, crowded corridor to the bathroom in the rear, each and every staff member that would have otherwise collided head-on with me, always stepped back and to the side to allow me to pass and always did so quite graciously, uttering the words "Excuse me".  So, I personally did not find the waitstaff to be rude, or pretentious.   During dinner, even in the insanely chaotic atmosphere, our young waitress was attentive and did not skip a beat with honoring any of our many requests.  She was polite and knowledgeable and right on the ball the whole night.  We ended up spending 3 and 1/2 hours at Crew! Our food was of satisfying portions, artfully well-prepared by an obviously skilled and assiduous Chef, whom later appeared at our tableside after dinner to personally ask how our dinners were. I was impressed by that.   The decor is classy and trendy, the prices are moderate and reasonable, the staff is attentive and on-the-ball (at least during out visit) and the food and beverages offer a wide variety of deliciousness thru and through! Don't like noisy crowds?  Just don't show up on a Friday or Saturday night . My only complaint was that it was the ambient noise was so elevated, that we all found it necessary to virtually shout at one another to be heard over dinner.  That's an annoyance when you're just trying to enjoy a nice dinner out with friends.
I have visited this restaurant many times over the years.  Staff is always great.  First time here, the food was great but over the times, I feel like the quality is dropping. Esp the duck dinner.  Also what I don't get, is how most of the lunch items are on the dinner menu but for almost double the price for the same thing. Overall, this place is good but not my first choice anymore.
This place almost gets the full 5 for the atmosphere alone! But there is way more to this place than just its looks. The tap selection is great and the bar itself is nicely stocked and beautiful. They have an open kitchen which I like and I feel bad for all the great BBQ spots I've frequented for saying this but they have the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had! The food here is just phenomenal, maybe a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for!!!
In town for my son's wedding. Three of us had a great dinner there last night and 13 of us had lunch there today. Definitely a case of not judging a book by its cover as the ambiance and food more that make up for it's dreary storefront locale. Open kitchen is a very nice touch. Dinner included salmon, chicken, and a shrimp fried rice dish which we all shared. Lunch included sandwiches and salads.  Great beer on tap and in bottles. Prices very reasonable and service was great.
This place is great!!!!
I heard good things about Crew so I wanted to go for some time before I was finally able to.  Once I was there I was very disappointed, I ordered salmon cooked rare and it was 100% overcooked, it was dry and chewy.  If I hadn't asked for rare I would not have been as upset. Needless to say I have not gone back.
Piggybacking somewhat on being squished between Half Time (the largest beer shop in the world, and a place which makes me explode with glee on a regular basis) and The Quite Good Wine/Spirits Shop On The Other Side Which Never Has George Dickel Or Black Bottle And I Can Never Remember The Name, Crew is sitting pretty. Very good beer, surprisingly good food, a laid-back (if a little staid and airport-bar-esque) atmosphere, nice and clean, good prices... good stuff all round. If you're heading to Half Time and it's a long drive, go here for lunch. A perfect day out.
I love everything about this place, except the space. Great bar - casual atmosphere. Open kitchen with "Kitchen Bar" seating. Very nice "American Bistro" menu. Lots of Culinary Institute alums in house to work their magic in the kitchen. The dining room seating places diners along a wall with little or no privacy. There is one small private table for 6/8 in the back of the restaurant, if you are lucky enough to get it.
My wife and I spent a night in Poughkeepsie, just passin' through, as it were. Neither of us had ever been there before, so we hit up Yelp for a restaurant recommendation and quickly zoned in on Crew. I'm glad we did -- the food was great, the service was snappy and friendly, and the beer and wine list was solid! We started off with the panzarotti (fried ravioli) and braised oxtail risotto (a new addition to the permanent menu). Both were great! The panzarotti had some balsamic vinegar on it, which provided a nice sweetness, and the risotto was cooked perfectly. For the main course, we had the orchiette pasta (with chicken and pancetta) and the bone-in pork chop. The pasta was very good and although I thought the garlic cream sauce could use a little kick in the flavor department, my wife was happy with it. My pork chop was cooked perfectly, juicy on the inside and with a flavorful char on the outside. It had some kind of apple compote on top that didn't do anything for me -- it tasted good, but it just wasn't necessary. The pork chop was accompanied by roasted fingerling potatoes and vegetables, both of which were seasoned and cooked perfectly. I was very happy to see they pay attention to the quality of the side dishes -- too many restaurants just phone it in, but not Crew. I had to deduct a star because dessert was such a let-down, especially compared to the rest of the meal. I ordered the bread pudding du jour (peanut butter and jelly -- sounded interesting!), and my wife had the cheesecake du jour (strawberry). The cheesecake was fine, just nothing special; the bread pudding on the other hand was a huge disappointment. It had an overwhelming peanut butter flavor, nary a hint of jelly, and a consistency that's hard to describe, but I think "leaden" might be the right word for it. It was not the way I wanted to end an otherwise great meal. If we're ever in Poughkeepsie again, we would definitely go back to Crew. We would be more selective with our dessert order, maybe just stick with gelato and some coffee.
Crew is in a word... SPECTACULAR! I had the Filet Mignon and the Limoncello Gelato tonight. Both were perfection! The food is delicious, the service was great! Particularly, Sarah Burke. She was attentive, sweet, and VERY helpful with tips for my nut allergy. My husband and I will be back as often as possible!  THANK YOU!
I ate 2 meals out while in Poughkeepsie, both were at this place. For lunch I had the Asian chicken wrap, sounded pretty basic, but I was not feeling adventurous and felt like a usual standby. Standby-schmandby, this wrap was the bomb! I don't know how the chicken was cooked, but it was pulled, tender and flavorful. The peanut sauce was good and spicy, and just sweet enough. Definitely a grade above your typical Asian chicken wrap or salad. While chatting with the chef, he gave me a copy of their special menu from the night before (it changes daily), and when my husband came back from his long day of weight-lifting-instructor-ing and we obviously didn't know what to have for dinner, we decided to see how this place was for dinner. How was it, you ask? Awesome. I had the mahi mahi special and hubs had duck. We also had the house-made mozzarella with house-grown tomato caprese salad appetizer. And the samosa appetizer... we were really hungry. Thinking about this food again I wish I was there. Right. Now.
Crew is one of those CIA affiliated restaurants - as in the Culinary Institute not Central Intelligence - so it goes without saying that the menu selections will be creative, flavorful, and slightly pricey.  The decor at Crew is sleek without being too stylish (this is Poughkeepsie after all...), the service prompt but not hurried, and the food worth coming back for. I had a glass of yummy pinot noir to start, followed by the chicken satay appetizer, and the club salad. It was just the right amount of food, flavor, and presentation. And the post-dinner coffee was fantastic - makes you realize just how lousy Starbucks has become...
Very clean place, pleasant / casual environment. Seating at tables is very cramped, opted to sit at the open kitchen seats instead. Staff was friendly, and efficient. The food was excellent. Better than me and my husband had expected. Good for adult lunch outing, wouldn't recommend bringing children.
Have stopped several times after golf at Casperkill. Nice clean, uncluttered atmosphere with some nice art work on the walls. Excellent selection of craft brews many you will not find elsewhere. Nobody carries selections from Schmaltz Brewery in Saratoga Springs. Great apps and entrees nicely prepared and great tasting. Most lunch items come with a nice sized salad with a superb dressing. The staff is attentive, intelligent and fun. Stop by you won't be displeased.
So good it made me want to slap myself!
This is one of the hidden bargains in Poughkeepsie.  Not a chain.  A local restaurant run by graduates of the Culinary Institute of America (CIA).  Interesting menus, three great soups a day. A very friendly atmosphere.  My favorite lunch/brunch place (I have not come for dinner as it is close to my studio but not my house).  Local means original menu dishes and products bought locally. So much better than chain restaurants.
I love sitting at the open kitchen.  I had the chicken breast with the potato croquettes -- yum!  I would definitely visit again, and maybe order the same thing.  Although I saw the chefs making the steak frites (seemed to be popular) and that dish looked quite delicious too. A few reviewers mentioned the music -- I did notice they had odd music on, it would not have been my choice. My server was very attentive and helpful.
First thing I noticed when I walked in was the great looking Bloody Marys. Had to have one or two after a 9 hour plane episode from LA. Food was great as well. I had the basil and mozzarella omelet -perfect cheese consistency-and my daughter had the buffalo chicken wrap. Really good. I think the Goat Cheese Won Ton Appetizer was just mediocre though. I don't like greasy but the skins were very dry and they needed a little zing. Waiter Anthony was great!
Great soup. Good sandwich. Good slaw.
We had a very unpleasant experience at Crew, as an issue we had was handled poorly.  Terrible customer service on the part of the owner.  Will never go again.
Seriously....you are in Poughkeepsie NY and you say....where do I go to find a great meal.  Then you say...wait I am in Poughkeepsie NY...is it possible.  A RESOUNDING YES YOU CAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The expresso martini to start...ok 2 but who is counting. The special of the night Duck Confit Risotto The seared rare Ahi Tuna The expresso Creme Brulee The entire meal served by Brenna. Had the opportunity to speak to Chef Tom and his lovely wife.   The entire dining experience was AMAZING.  I can't wait to go back to try other things on the menu. If you are in the area....GO....Don't think TWICE...I GUARANTEE YOU WILL BE HAPPY. This is why people go to culinary school to become Chefs.....their passion for GREAT food. DEAR YELP....sometimes you have to add a 6th star !!!!!
I really like Crew and have eaten there about half a dozen times now. The service is great and the food is delicious! Great place to go for drinks as well.
This is a dependably excellent place to eat lunch or dinner --especially if you appreciate a nice beer selection on tap and solid wine list. This place is a favorite of ours for snacks and drinks, but we also love to sit at the back bar to watch the cooking!
I'm from a small town in Rochester, NY, about 5 hours north of Poughkeepsie.  The food in my town is, to put it lightly, uninspired and lazy. To find a restaurant like Crew in Rochester would be like finding Santa Claus at Disney World. We walked in at 8:00 on a Friday night, and there was a half hour wait. The bar was jam-packed, but that didn't matter, because there was a long strip of marble that you could rest your drinks on. All the drinks were awesome, but a little pricey. The decor and ambiance of Crew is extremely vivacious and buzzing. The kitchen is out in the open as well and you can watch the chefs cook, which I found invigorating and interesting. The place was almost lit as if it were a nightclub, which is good or bad depending on what you're looking for. Our server was extremely attentive and very nice. She knew basically all the meals and drinks by heart and helped us out quite a bit with any questions we had.  Now, onto the food.  For an appetizer we got the goat cheese wontons and fried salmon. The wontons were crispy and the light, greasy crust of the wonton complimented the tang and punch of the goat cheese.  The fried salmon was probably my favorite part of the dinner. Dipped in the sauce it comes with, it is TO DIE FOR. Like, I mean it, this little piece of fried fish was FOOD HEAVEN.  It tasted like a more flavorful crab cake almost. To be honest, it's hard to describe it because when I was eating it, I just kept thinking OH MY GOD THIS IS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER EATEN. Now onto the entrees. My father got a cheeseburger and fries. He says his cheeseburger was great. I tried some of his fries and they had the cut of McDonalds fries, but worry not: they were cooked (in a sauce I''m guessing) of flavors that resembled lemon, salt, and basil. Mmm. It was a nice touch. Also, they managed to include those flavors without making the fries soggy at all. I have no idea how they did it, but it's genius. I got filet mignon. It came with fresh vegetables which were seasoned with just a little bit of salt and the juices of the steak, and such a simple touch worked wonders. You don't need a lot to make vegetables look good: just let them soak in simple flavors and they will create so many dimensions! It also came with potato fritters, which were a little too garlicky and starchy for me, but hey, it can't all be a slam duck. (My mother loved them, so it might have just been me.) The filet was a little small but cooked absolutely perfect. It melted in my mouth and had enough salt to be pleased but not too much to where it's overbearing. There was also gravy that came on top of it that was sweet and an interesting blend with the beef. For dessert, we shared the Green Tea Creme Brulee. When they gave us this, I literally wanted to take a picture because it was almost something you would see out of a magazine.  It was topped with fresh fruit and the top was caramelized to a crispy, sugary, brown goodness. It was absolutely delicious. All in all, this restaurant was more than worth the money (and trust me, it comes out to ALOT of money.) If you're coming here for dinner, it's probably going to be for a very special occasion. (That is, unless you can afford to come here regularly! I know for sure that I can't.) There were three of us and it came out to $140, w/o tip or tax. That being said, we did get 2 appetizers, drinks, and a desert, but still. It's one of those restaurants that you have to just let yourself enjoy, kick back, and relax, because it really is THAT good. You definitely will not be dissapointed!
We selected The Crew because it is owned by a CIA grad and we're in the area dropping off our daughter for her first term there. We were not let down. I had the salmon and found it perfect. My wife had the Chinese chicken salad. I'm not usually a fan but thought it was quite tasty. My daughter had the hamburger with fries. Okay, not a big culinary experiment but it was one of the best hamburgers I ever took a bite of. And the fries were awesome. It was a bit pricey, but maybe that's typical of the area. We spent about $55 for the three of us.
The food and service is always exceptional. I would eat my last meal here no questions asked. The organic chicken is wonderful as well as the fresh herbs from the garden in the back. They always have new and interesting beers on tap and will be glad to give a taste to anyone unsure of what microbrew to order. Tommy the bartender is always friendly and the wait staff always treat you like family. Definatly a diamond in the rough don't let the location fool you. You will receive a five star meal anytime of the day.
My husband is crazy about the place. He flips over the veggie sandwich and craves it. Served hot, on toasted bread side of cole slaw, if I liked vegetables that much I'd get it too. I don't so  I tried the Chinese chicken wrap. It was disappointing. The wrap was too thick and heavy, the ingredients were not really distributed well. When I took a bite I either got a mouthful of bland chicken or a mouthful of peanuts or bitter greens. And it was icy cold, as though it was just defrosted (there may have been some ice crystals in there too). Great atmosphere, nice decor, comfortable. Small menu. Among the alternatives to sandwiches are hamburger and salmon fritters. Neither really thrill me. The staff while pleasant forgot to bring things we asked for or took too long to get them to us (it wasn't THAT busy there). I think the beer selection was good and the nice vibe would make it a good place to stop with friends after work but I personally wouldn't go out of my way to get there again. They offer a chicken satay appetizer that really has little to do with the authentic Thai dish (except the peanut flavoring) but is good in its own way, I do love their home-made chips
Amazing food,  service was great,  atmosphere was great. Have been here for lunch and dinner and both times were great. No complaints so far after two visits.
Thank goodness Crew is back (I was so sad during its brief absence a few years ago).  The Club Salad is one of my favorites (seriously, it is so good!)
awesome service. great ambience. AMAZING FOOD!
I have visited this restaurant many times over the years.  Staff is always great.  First time here, the food was great but over the times, I feel like the quality is dropping. Esp the duck dinner.  Also what I don't get, is how most of the lunch items are on the dinner menu but for almost double the price for the same thing. Overall, this place is good but not my first choice anymore.
One of my favorite places to eat! Its a small place and everybody knows your name. I love that environment. Its a great place to take a friend for a drink. I like the culinary style food and the trendy- city style bar. Its a great place for memories.
It's next to Half Time... genius move, Crew! I haven't been here for dinner yet, just one lone lunch with a friend when I returned a keg to Half Time. I had a smoked turkey panini with cranberry mayo, which was really tasty. I loved the bread it came on, a foccacia-like crusty bread with herbs baked right in. Nom. The husband ordered linguini bolognese and he also enjoyed that. I noticed quite a few regulars there, which is a good sign. We'll have to return for dinner at some point.
The food is great and the atmosphere is super fun. It does get crowded quickly, and they DO NOT take reservations unless your group is over 8.
Since I wrote the last review I've been to Crew again several times. First off, the high quality of food has remained consistent. The tastefully tiny dresses on the hostesses will please any boss or inlaw you're taking there to impress. It certainly gets crowded on weekends, and with good reason. Benchmark margarita: good, but on the small side. The time I was barside waiting for my party, the bartender made a big production out of making this, but it was still "fine". Perhaps I'm getting cranky in my old age. Oysters - good. Not great. Could use a chill. Really, tiny bottles of Tabasco? really? I guess that's hygenic, it felt more like I was getting a hotel shampoo with my oysters. Chicken satay app, fine, nothing to write home about. Ahi tuna app, fantastic. Steaks, very very good, I had a filet mignon which was memorable, one of my companions had the chicken breast, let me tell you we fought over the potato croquettes, two of us had 'em, five of us wanted 'em. Steak frites - terrific. Not as good as Brasserie 292 or Mon Ami Gabi, if you're keeping score, but still terrific. Someone cried eating the chocolate mousse, it was spectacular. Panna Cotta - wheeeeew great. Creme Brulee, well, how do you go wrong with that? it's fine. Crew is expensive for us, and definitely next level, along with Crave, the CIA, Ruth's Chris, that sort of thing.
Great place for lunch. I've been here three times with my wife.  Every time the food has been terrific, the staff friendly, and the prices reasonable. A great selection of beers is the icing on the cake. And speaking of cake, the daily cheesecake selection in sinfully delicious.  After lunch I can walk next door to Half Time check out the beer selection.  What could be better?
Open kitchen helps take you away from the fact this place is in a strip mall. Food was decent. Mixed drinks were stiff. It would be nice to have a better wine menu.
I returned to Crew for the first time in years recently.  I had remembered it as being pleasant, but with sort of snooty service.  I was super impressed with my recent visit. The service was attentive, but not rushing.  The hostess was very friendly and gave us some options for seating (it was a weeknight). Menu is much more expansive than the one on the web site.  Drink menu is super impressive as are the wine and beer selections. I had steak frites, which came with a really great side salad (and I'm not usually a salad person) and fries.  The steak was cooked to my specification and tasty, although I might have preferred a little mroe seasoning.  My companions both had pasta - one the oriecchette and the other the ravioli special.  I had *several* bites of the oriecchette and found it to be fantastic.  The ravioli was also raved about. The ambiance was very pleasant, too.  They were playing Billy Joel's greatest hits, but not too loudly, and the whole room felt like it was full of people having a good time. The chef checked in with us near the end of our meal and was very friendly.   Dessert was apple crisp - it was the only thing that underwhelmed a bit, and it was very good.  I just wish it had been a little more cohesive and easier to eat.  Tasted great. This was a great experience and I *definitely* don't plan to wait years before my third visit to Crew!
This restaurant has gone into the rotation for my husband and me.  It is a bit on the pricey side for what you get, however almost everything I have ordered has always been delicious.  The one thing that was mediocre was the cream of broccoli soup which was way too salty.  The waitstaff has always been very nice, and I've never had to wait long.  I saw some mediocre/bad reviews so maybe we have just been lucky because we have only been there a handful of times, but each of these times we have both been impressed and left satisfied.
if not for its proximity to the beer store (half time), we would have never even noticed crew, let alone gone inside for lunch. but in keeping my eyes peeled for alcohol, i spotted this unassuming restaurant within the same tiny strip mall. hungry, not having a clue where to get a decent lunch in poughkeepsie (i did not do my yelp homework beforehand!) and with intentions of making a beer run anyhow, we figured, why not? call us city snobs...fine...but we were happily surprised by the descriptions on the lunch menu and by the looks of the food being served to nearby tables. we started off sharing 2 cups of soup - a hot & sour eggdrop and a chilled mango/carrot/ginger - both as delicious as they were unique. the presentation was nicely done as well; soups were each served in an oversize white coffee cup, instead of a small bowl, with a baguette slice on the side. soup specials rotate daily, but if you see these again, i highly recommend! we followed this with a chicken club wrap* for the boy and a roasted veggie sandwich* for me. per the menu, it's portabello mushrooms, zucchini, roasted red peppers, mozzarella, red onion and pesto on toasted foccacia  (bonus points for not including eggplant!) but i substituted whole wheat bread to be healthier. it was grilled to perfection and truly hit the spot. while the fries on other tables did look good (yup, we're fry snobs, too), we both opted for the house salad as our sides (they also offered cole slaw, and maybe something else?). despite being doused in dressing, the salad was decent and we both made all gone :) crew had just gotten their liquor license 2 days before our visit, so unfortunately they had no beers on tap (or in bottle) and limited wine options. we chose to dine sans alcohol and then hit up the beer store next door for some brews (see review below!) prices were not dirt cheap, but fair considering the quality of the food ($4.50/cup of soup, $8.50/sandwich). if we lived in the area, i am sure we'd be back...but the next time we venture up to dutchess county, i'd prefer to find something more fittingly quaint. *see photos!
I've been going to Crew since it opened about 8-9 years ago.  I've always enjoyed it here, and felt that Poughkeepsie benefited greatly from a more "upscale" bar experience coupled with excellent food.  They've gone through some changes through the years, but for the most part things have remained consistent and good.  This is the one spot I love to stop into for a beer (they usually have about 10 microbrews on tap)and a small bite to eat.
Great bar, mediocre food, terrible service. I held off on reviewing this place because when I've been just for drinks with friends, I enjoyed it. My dining experience, however, has been so terrible there's no chance I'll be back.  One of my previous experiences included an order for lobster ravioli that was still frozen in the center when I received it and a burger ordered medium but was absolutely dripping in blood when it arrived. As in puddle-on-the-plate bloody. Politely sent it back and asked for it just to be cooked another minute or two and watched as the chef berated us to the waitress. I've worked in restaurants before so that part isn't so shocking, but the fact that it's an open kitchen we were sitting in front of  and heard every word was. The last time I was there was about a week ago for a friend's birthday. We had reserved a table for 8:30. Arrived at 8:25 to be told they gave our table away, too bad, you'll just have to wait. Treated so rudely that we asked a hostess if we could speak to a manager and were told that we had previously been speaking to the owner. No apologies for giving away our reservation (even though we were early!) or the fact that 15 people were now standing around starving because we expected to eat at 8:30 and were now made to wait another half hour to even be seated. Pretty unbelievable. As a positive, the bartenders were knowledgable and courteous, as was our waitress (once we were finally seated). Too bad their boss isn't. I won't be back and neither will most of the group I was with.
This place almost gets the full 5 for the atmosphere alone! But there is way more to this place than just its looks. The tap selection is great and the bar itself is nicely stocked and beautiful. They have an open kitchen which I like and I feel bad for all the great BBQ spots I've frequented for saying this but they have the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had! The food here is just phenomenal, maybe a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for!!!
In town for my son's wedding. Three of us had a great dinner there last night and 13 of us had lunch there today. Definitely a case of not judging a book by its cover as the ambiance and food more that make up for it's dreary storefront locale. Open kitchen is a very nice touch. Dinner included salmon, chicken, and a shrimp fried rice dish which we all shared. Lunch included sandwiches and salads.  Great beer on tap and in bottles. Prices very reasonable and service was great.
This place is great!!!!
I heard good things about Crew so I wanted to go for some time before I was finally able to.  Once I was there I was very disappointed, I ordered salmon cooked rare and it was 100% overcooked, it was dry and chewy.  If I hadn't asked for rare I would not have been as upset. Needless to say I have not gone back.
Piggybacking somewhat on being squished between Half Time (the largest beer shop in the world, and a place which makes me explode with glee on a regular basis) and The Quite Good Wine/Spirits Shop On The Other Side Which Never Has George Dickel Or Black Bottle And I Can Never Remember The Name, Crew is sitting pretty. Very good beer, surprisingly good food, a laid-back (if a little staid and airport-bar-esque) atmosphere, nice and clean, good prices... good stuff all round. If you're heading to Half Time and it's a long drive, go here for lunch. A perfect day out.
I love everything about this place, except the space. Great bar - casual atmosphere. Open kitchen with "Kitchen Bar" seating. Very nice "American Bistro" menu. Lots of Culinary Institute alums in house to work their magic in the kitchen. The dining room seating places diners along a wall with little or no privacy. There is one small private table for 6/8 in the back of the restaurant, if you are lucky enough to get it.
My wife and I spent a night in Poughkeepsie, just passin' through, as it were. Neither of us had ever been there before, so we hit up Yelp for a restaurant recommendation and quickly zoned in on Crew. I'm glad we did -- the food was great, the service was snappy and friendly, and the beer and wine list was solid! We started off with the panzarotti (fried ravioli) and braised oxtail risotto (a new addition to the permanent menu). Both were great! The panzarotti had some balsamic vinegar on it, which provided a nice sweetness, and the risotto was cooked perfectly. For the main course, we had the orchiette pasta (with chicken and pancetta) and the bone-in pork chop. The pasta was very good and although I thought the garlic cream sauce could use a little kick in the flavor department, my wife was happy with it. My pork chop was cooked perfectly, juicy on the inside and with a flavorful char on the outside. It had some kind of apple compote on top that didn't do anything for me -- it tasted good, but it just wasn't necessary. The pork chop was accompanied by roasted fingerling potatoes and vegetables, both of which were seasoned and cooked perfectly. I was very happy to see they pay attention to the quality of the side dishes -- too many restaurants just phone it in, but not Crew. I had to deduct a star because dessert was such a let-down, especially compared to the rest of the meal. I ordered the bread pudding du jour (peanut butter and jelly -- sounded interesting!), and my wife had the cheesecake du jour (strawberry). The cheesecake was fine, just nothing special; the bread pudding on the other hand was a huge disappointment. It had an overwhelming peanut butter flavor, nary a hint of jelly, and a consistency that's hard to describe, but I think "leaden" might be the right word for it. It was not the way I wanted to end an otherwise great meal. If we're ever in Poughkeepsie again, we would definitely go back to Crew. We would be more selective with our dessert order, maybe just stick with gelato and some coffee.
I wanted to take my staff out for a nice lunch, so we decided on Crew on Route 9 in Poughkeepsie. It turned out to be quite a disappointment. Enough so, so that we will not be coming back. I have a few criteria to rate a restaurant - one is quality, one is value, and one is service.  Crew failed on two out of three this visit. Although the service was satisfactory, it was nowhere near outstanding. I could not consider the waitress personable. I felt more like she was going through the motions, with little concern for our dining experience. This is a nicely decorated restaurant, which is trying to be upscale. We used to frequent this restaurant a few years ago, and noticed a very significant decrease in food quality since then. I believe the restaurant was closed due to some tax evasion issue, which must have been resolved, since it is now open again. Crew always has a choice of three freshly made soups every day. I ordered a cup of the Creamy Fennel with Parmesan soup for $4.50. The portion seemed smaller than I remember (maybe 4 or 5 ounces at most). Although tasty, it was too thin to be called creamy and left me wanting more. No one else ordered appetizers. My main meal was the Crew Salad, which was described on the menu as "mesclun greens with toasted croutons, diced tomatoes, sweet carrots, and balsamic dressing." I added grilled shrimp to the salad, which brought the price up to $13.95. Honestly, I saw nothing but greens and four shrimp. It seemed more of an appetizer than a meal. So after my $21 lunch, I was, unfortunately, still hungry. Another with us ordered a cheeseburger. This turned out to be a bloody mess that actually squirted blood all over the place. It was gross and disgusting. One of our other guests suggested Five Guys (a fast food chain) the next time you were in the mood for a burger. The guest who ordered the burger wished we were at the Red Robin down the street. Although the other two meals at the table weren't too bad, I just kept thinking that there are so many nice places in the area to get a much better meal for so much less. I see the Crew as more style and less substance. Sorry, but not for me.
Crew is in a word... SPECTACULAR! I had the Filet Mignon and the Limoncello Gelato tonight. Both were perfection! The food is delicious, the service was great! Particularly, Sarah Burke. She was attentive, sweet, and VERY helpful with tips for my nut allergy. My husband and I will be back as often as possible!  THANK YOU!
never disappointed. I do recommend this restaurant
I ate 2 meals out while in Poughkeepsie, both were at this place. For lunch I had the Asian chicken wrap, sounded pretty basic, but I was not feeling adventurous and felt like a usual standby. Standby-schmandby, this wrap was the bomb! I don't know how the chicken was cooked, but it was pulled, tender and flavorful. The peanut sauce was good and spicy, and just sweet enough. Definitely a grade above your typical Asian chicken wrap or salad. While chatting with the chef, he gave me a copy of their special menu from the night before (it changes daily), and when my husband came back from his long day of weight-lifting-instructor-ing and we obviously didn't know what to have for dinner, we decided to see how this place was for dinner. How was it, you ask? Awesome. I had the mahi mahi special and hubs had duck. We also had the house-made mozzarella with house-grown tomato caprese salad appetizer. And the samosa appetizer... we were really hungry. Thinking about this food again I wish I was there. Right. Now.
Went to this place and was amazed at the food and drinks how delicious they were, definitely worth the price! Everything is what is says on the menu, you know how when you go to a place and order what you think you are going to order and expect it to taste like that, this place does exactly that! Even the drinks are great! The chef is a graduate from the Culinary and he definitely shows his talent!
Crew is one of those CIA affiliated restaurants - as in the Culinary Institute not Central Intelligence - so it goes without saying that the menu selections will be creative, flavorful, and slightly pricey.  The decor at Crew is sleek without being too stylish (this is Poughkeepsie after all...), the service prompt but not hurried, and the food worth coming back for. I had a glass of yummy pinot noir to start, followed by the chicken satay appetizer, and the club salad. It was just the right amount of food, flavor, and presentation. And the post-dinner coffee was fantastic - makes you realize just how lousy Starbucks has become...
Love this place. The food is awesome all the time and the service is top notch.
Very clean place, pleasant / casual environment. Seating at tables is very cramped, opted to sit at the open kitchen seats instead. Staff was friendly, and efficient. The food was excellent. Better than me and my husband had expected. Good for adult lunch outing, wouldn't recommend bringing children.
Have stopped several times after golf at Casperkill. Nice clean, uncluttered atmosphere with some nice art work on the walls. Excellent selection of craft brews many you will not find elsewhere. Nobody carries selections from Schmaltz Brewery in Saratoga Springs. Great apps and entrees nicely prepared and great tasting. Most lunch items come with a nice sized salad with a superb dressing. The staff is attentive, intelligent and fun. Stop by you won't be displeased.
My fiance and I were in dire need of a place to eat dinner in the area for our date night and were too lazy to venture into the city. I thought we would have to resort to a chain, but then thanks to YELP :) my fiance found this place! I was really surprised by the atmosphere and the high quality food that was served. Having lived a subway ride away from NYC, one of the culinary capitals of the country--I have a hard time finding places in the suburbs that are up to par. Walking in, I was taken aback by the modern decor of the rustic bar mixed with the modernity of the flat television screens, the lighting that set a very relaxing mood and the open kitchen that permeated the restaurant with wonderful scents. They had a respectable drink list-we ordered wine which was good. To start, we ordered the goat cheese wontons and the crab cakes and two oysters on the half shell. The oysters were fresh and succulent. The wontons were not greasy at all and were addictive. The crab cake with the apple and fennel salad, however, was delicious!!! It had a bit of a kick to it too. The appetizers were adequately portioned and light and really wet our appetites for more. This is a far cry from the greasy fried stuff that comes with many apps. For our entrees, I ordered the house salad which was argula, heirloom tomatoes, mozzarella, and fried green tomatoes. I never had a fried green tomato but after I tasted it here---I am dying for more. The house salad was fresh (some of the stuff is house grown) and incredibly yummy. By the way, we parked in the back and even saw the little garden they had growing--gotta love the fresh products! My fiance had the scallops with the veggies and basamati rice and he loved them. The food came out hot! We knew it was not sitting waiting under a heat lamp or anything. For dessert, we had the apple crisp with the vanilla ice cream--this was the only negative note because it did not taste good--it had a weird taste. The apples were thinly sliced and were too sweet. It was just odd--wouldn't try that again.The service was prompt and very friendly. I think one of the chefs even brought out our entrees for us. My fiance and I will definitely be going back here again!
So good it made me want to slap myself!
I went here over the Christmas holiday and met some friends from High School.  Crew has been a favorite in my family for a few years, but living out of the area, I've had very few opportunities to experience it.  Judging from the parking lot, I figured this is a popular after-work meeting spot.  There were very few parking spaces left, and once I walked in, there was a large 30-something crowd at the bar.  I immediately ordered an espresso martini, which was delicious.  Not every restaurant makes them this good...I will be back for more.  ;-)  We decided to get a table and order appetizers.  Food was pretty good, the ambiance was exceptional.  I loved the way the owners had everything decorated tastefully for the holidays.  In addition, the hostess, who I believe was one of the owners, was really helpful and friendly...offering to take our coats and get us a table.  Our server was very friendly.  I am definitely going back on my next visit!
This is one of the hidden bargains in Poughkeepsie.  Not a chain.  A local restaurant run by graduates of the Culinary Institute of America (CIA).  Interesting menus, three great soups a day. A very friendly atmosphere.  My favorite lunch/brunch place (I have not come for dinner as it is close to my studio but not my house).  Local means original menu dishes and products bought locally. So much better than chain restaurants.
It took me a little while to get to Crew even though I drive past it every day, and I wish I had discovered it sooner!  I've been there twice now, and both times the food was out of this world. The atmosphere is definitely casual while modern and chic - last time we went around 7pm on a Friday and the bar area was packed and it was fairly loud.  It didn't bother us - the crowd wasn't rowdy or anything, just a lot of people - but some older people next to us I think were having trouble hearing one another.  Even though it was packed, we got great (even if it wasn't uber-professional) service. To start, they have a great wine and beer list here.  They rotate the beer on tap, and it's always interesting micro-brewed stuff, no Bud or Coors.  The wine list is nice too, and both times we have opted for a bottle of one of the "featured" wines and were not disappointed. Their bread is really, really good.  Just crusty, plain old artisan bread, but you can tell it's baked in-house and it is truly mouthwatering.  We had the goat cheese wonton appetizer and it was delicious - not too greasy, just the right amount of crunch and a slightly sweet sauce to go along with the bite of the cheese. I had their salmon special, and it was totally out of this world.  There was some kind of beet sauce (and I am usually not a fan of beets) that was absolutely amazing, I was just lapping it up.  It went perfectly with the salmon, which was of great quality and cooked perfectly.  It came with perfectly roasted and seasoned veggies and this huge celery root cake (think a crab cake/giant potato pancake but with celery root) - I've never had anything like this, but it was sooo good.  I was disappointed to have to order something else the second time, as salmon wasn't featured as a special, and opted for the orecchiette pasta, sans pancetta.  It was garlicy and flavorful and the sauce was somehow unique even though it's not the most original dish on the menu.  My boyfriend had the pork chop special the first time we went - it came with mashed sweet potatoes and he loved it, commented that the pork was tender and moist which is always a good sign.  He's also had the filet with port sauce and the most interesting truffled potato croquettes...they were so light and smooth on the inside and crisp on the outside, with just enough truffle flavor to resonate without overwhelming - I wanted to steal them from him after he let me taste.  Yum. I am not really a big dessert person, but I seriously had my favorite dessert EVER at Crew...it totally surpassed my expectations.  I had the vanilla bean panna cotta with berries...SO GOOD.  Perfect balance of vanilla flavors with an infusion of fresh lime in there somewhere (the lime wasn't mentioned in the description at all, so it could be off-putting to someone who doesn't like lime, but I LOVED the flavors so it was all good).  The texture was so smooth yet light, and fresh berries on top despite the fact that it's December...mmm I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Overall, a clear five-star experience for me.  The waitstaff seems young but they are very attentive without being overbearing and know the menu.  The food has been consistently great, and we will definitely go back again.
I love sitting at the open kitchen.  I had the chicken breast with the potato croquettes -- yum!  I would definitely visit again, and maybe order the same thing.  Although I saw the chefs making the steak frites (seemed to be popular) and that dish looked quite delicious too. A few reviewers mentioned the music -- I did notice they had odd music on, it would not have been my choice. My server was very attentive and helpful.
I've been patronizing CREW for a bit now, and have sampled much of their lunch and dinner menus, both are fantastic. Their wine selection is OK, though I've been told I'm snobby. The service is great, but I deducted one star for a particular time I was dining there with my man. As soon as our meal arrived, one of the hostesses came over and started talking to the couple next to us, they were obviously friends. I wouldn't have minded so much if she weren't standing with her back directly to our table, so close that our waitress couldn't reach my water glass. When I asked her to please continue her conversation another time she left. However it wasn't long before she was back, this time standing directly next to my date. We didn't stay for dessert. To avoid confrontation I called that night to tell a manager about our experience. They apologized and said that that shouldn't happen again. We'll see!
First thing I noticed when I walked in was the great looking Bloody Marys. Had to have one or two after a 9 hour plane episode from LA. Food was great as well. I had the basil and mozzarella omelet -perfect cheese consistency-and my daughter had the buffalo chicken wrap. Really good. I think the Goat Cheese Won Ton Appetizer was just mediocre though. I don't like greasy but the skins were very dry and they needed a little zing. Waiter Anthony was great!
While the food was good the service was simply unacceptable especially for a quiet night. Add to that my personal pet peeve, a 1/2 filled martini. I was hoping for a "twist" and this was not it.
Great soup. Good sandwich. Good slaw.
We had a very unpleasant experience at Crew, as an issue we had was handled poorly.  Terrible customer service on the part of the owner.  Will never go again.
Seriously....you are in Poughkeepsie NY and you say....where do I go to find a great meal.  Then you say...wait I am in Poughkeepsie NY...is it possible.  A RESOUNDING YES YOU CAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The expresso martini to start...ok 2 but who is counting. The special of the night Duck Confit Risotto The seared rare Ahi Tuna The expresso Creme Brulee The entire meal served by Brenna. Had the opportunity to speak to Chef Tom and his lovely wife.   The entire dining experience was AMAZING.  I can't wait to go back to try other things on the menu. If you are in the area....GO....Don't think TWICE...I GUARANTEE YOU WILL BE HAPPY. This is why people go to culinary school to become Chefs.....their passion for GREAT food. DEAR YELP....sometimes you have to add a 6th star !!!!!
I really like Crew and have eaten there about half a dozen times now. The service is great and the food is delicious! Great place to go for drinks as well.
This is a dependably excellent place to eat lunch or dinner --especially if you appreciate a nice beer selection on tap and solid wine list. This place is a favorite of ours for snacks and drinks, but we also love to sit at the back bar to watch the cooking!
I'm from a small town in Rochester, NY, about 5 hours north of Poughkeepsie.  The food in my town is, to put it lightly, uninspired and lazy. To find a restaurant like Crew in Rochester would be like finding Santa Claus at Disney World. We walked in at 8:00 on a Friday night, and there was a half hour wait. The bar was jam-packed, but that didn't matter, because there was a long strip of marble that you could rest your drinks on. All the drinks were awesome, but a little pricey. The decor and ambiance of Crew is extremely vivacious and buzzing. The kitchen is out in the open as well and you can watch the chefs cook, which I found invigorating and interesting. The place was almost lit as if it were a nightclub, which is good or bad depending on what you're looking for. Our server was extremely attentive and very nice. She knew basically all the meals and drinks by heart and helped us out quite a bit with any questions we had.  Now, onto the food.  For an appetizer we got the goat cheese wontons and fried salmon. The wontons were crispy and the light, greasy crust of the wonton complimented the tang and punch of the goat cheese.  The fried salmon was probably my favorite part of the dinner. Dipped in the sauce it comes with, it is TO DIE FOR. Like, I mean it, this little piece of fried fish was FOOD HEAVEN.  It tasted like a more flavorful crab cake almost. To be honest, it's hard to describe it because when I was eating it, I just kept thinking OH MY GOD THIS IS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER EATEN. Now onto the entrees. My father got a cheeseburger and fries. He says his cheeseburger was great. I tried some of his fries and they had the cut of McDonalds fries, but worry not: they were cooked (in a sauce I''m guessing) of flavors that resembled lemon, salt, and basil. Mmm. It was a nice touch. Also, they managed to include those flavors without making the fries soggy at all. I have no idea how they did it, but it's genius. I got filet mignon. It came with fresh vegetables which were seasoned with just a little bit of salt and the juices of the steak, and such a simple touch worked wonders. You don't need a lot to make vegetables look good: just let them soak in simple flavors and they will create so many dimensions! It also came with potato fritters, which were a little too garlicky and starchy for me, but hey, it can't all be a slam duck. (My mother loved them, so it might have just been me.) The filet was a little small but cooked absolutely perfect. It melted in my mouth and had enough salt to be pleased but not too much to where it's overbearing. There was also gravy that came on top of it that was sweet and an interesting blend with the beef. For dessert, we shared the Green Tea Creme Brulee. When they gave us this, I literally wanted to take a picture because it was almost something you would see out of a magazine.  It was topped with fresh fruit and the top was caramelized to a crispy, sugary, brown goodness. It was absolutely delicious. All in all, this restaurant was more than worth the money (and trust me, it comes out to ALOT of money.) If you're coming here for dinner, it's probably going to be for a very special occasion. (That is, unless you can afford to come here regularly! I know for sure that I can't.) There were three of us and it came out to $140, w/o tip or tax. That being said, we did get 2 appetizers, drinks, and a desert, but still. It's one of those restaurants that you have to just let yourself enjoy, kick back, and relax, because it really is THAT good. You definitely will not be dissapointed!
We selected The Crew because it is owned by a CIA grad and we're in the area dropping off our daughter for her first term there. We were not let down. I had the salmon and found it perfect. My wife had the Chinese chicken salad. I'm not usually a fan but thought it was quite tasty. My daughter had the hamburger with fries. Okay, not a big culinary experiment but it was one of the best hamburgers I ever took a bite of. And the fries were awesome. It was a bit pricey, but maybe that's typical of the area. We spent about $55 for the three of us.
The food and service is always exceptional. I would eat my last meal here no questions asked. The organic chicken is wonderful as well as the fresh herbs from the garden in the back. They always have new and interesting beers on tap and will be glad to give a taste to anyone unsure of what microbrew to order. Tommy the bartender is always friendly and the wait staff always treat you like family. Definatly a diamond in the rough don't let the location fool you. You will receive a five star meal anytime of the day.
My husband is crazy about the place. He flips over the veggie sandwich and craves it. Served hot, on toasted bread side of cole slaw, if I liked vegetables that much I'd get it too. I don't so  I tried the Chinese chicken wrap. It was disappointing. The wrap was too thick and heavy, the ingredients were not really distributed well. When I took a bite I either got a mouthful of bland chicken or a mouthful of peanuts or bitter greens. And it was icy cold, as though it was just defrosted (there may have been some ice crystals in there too). Great atmosphere, nice decor, comfortable. Small menu. Among the alternatives to sandwiches are hamburger and salmon fritters. Neither really thrill me. The staff while pleasant forgot to bring things we asked for or took too long to get them to us (it wasn't THAT busy there). I think the beer selection was good and the nice vibe would make it a good place to stop with friends after work but I personally wouldn't go out of my way to get there again. They offer a chicken satay appetizer that really has little to do with the authentic Thai dish (except the peanut flavoring) but is good in its own way, I do love their home-made chips
Amazing food,  service was great,  atmosphere was great. Have been here for lunch and dinner and both times were great. No complaints so far after two visits.
Thank goodness Crew is back (I was so sad during its brief absence a few years ago).  The Club Salad is one of my favorites (seriously, it is so good!)
awesome service. great ambience. AMAZING FOOD!
I wanted to take my staff out for a nice lunch, so we decided on Crew on Route 9 in Poughkeepsie. It turned out to be quite a disappointment. Enough so, so that we will not be coming back. I have a few criteria to rate a restaurant - one is quality, one is value, and one is service.  Crew failed on two out of three this visit. Although the service was satisfactory, it was nowhere near outstanding. I could not consider the waitress personable. I felt more like she was going through the motions, with little concern for our dining experience. This is a nicely decorated restaurant, which is trying to be upscale. We used to frequent this restaurant a few years ago, and noticed a very significant decrease in food quality since then. I believe the restaurant was closed due to some tax evasion issue, which must have been resolved, since it is now open again. Crew always has a choice of three freshly made soups every day. I ordered a cup of the Creamy Fennel with Parmesan soup for $4.50. The portion seemed smaller than I remember (maybe 4 or 5 ounces at most). Although tasty, it was too thin to be called creamy and left me wanting more. No one else ordered appetizers. My main meal was the Crew Salad, which was described on the menu as "mesclun greens with toasted croutons, diced tomatoes, sweet carrots, and balsamic dressing." I added grilled shrimp to the salad, which brought the price up to $13.95. Honestly, I saw nothing but greens and four shrimp. It seemed more of an appetizer than a meal. So after my $21 lunch, I was, unfortunately, still hungry. Another with us ordered a cheeseburger. This turned out to be a bloody mess that actually squirted blood all over the place. It was gross and disgusting. One of our other guests suggested Five Guys (a fast food chain) the next time you were in the mood for a burger. The guest who ordered the burger wished we were at the Red Robin down the street. Although the other two meals at the table weren't too bad, I just kept thinking that there are so many nice places in the area to get a much better meal for so much less. I see the Crew as more style and less substance. Sorry, but not for me.
never disappointed. I do recommend this restaurant
Went to this place and was amazed at the food and drinks how delicious they were, definitely worth the price! Everything is what is says on the menu, you know how when you go to a place and order what you think you are going to order and expect it to taste like that, this place does exactly that! Even the drinks are great! The chef is a graduate from the Culinary and he definitely shows his talent!
Love this place. The food is awesome all the time and the service is top notch.
My fiance and I were in dire need of a place to eat dinner in the area for our date night and were too lazy to venture into the city. I thought we would have to resort to a chain, but then thanks to YELP :) my fiance found this place! I was really surprised by the atmosphere and the high quality food that was served. Having lived a subway ride away from NYC, one of the culinary capitals of the country--I have a hard time finding places in the suburbs that are up to par. Walking in, I was taken aback by the modern decor of the rustic bar mixed with the modernity of the flat television screens, the lighting that set a very relaxing mood and the open kitchen that permeated the restaurant with wonderful scents. They had a respectable drink list-we ordered wine which was good. To start, we ordered the goat cheese wontons and the crab cakes and two oysters on the half shell. The oysters were fresh and succulent. The wontons were not greasy at all and were addictive. The crab cake with the apple and fennel salad, however, was delicious!!! It had a bit of a kick to it too. The appetizers were adequately portioned and light and really wet our appetites for more. This is a far cry from the greasy fried stuff that comes with many apps. For our entrees, I ordered the house salad which was argula, heirloom tomatoes, mozzarella, and fried green tomatoes. I never had a fried green tomato but after I tasted it here---I am dying for more. The house salad was fresh (some of the stuff is house grown) and incredibly yummy. By the way, we parked in the back and even saw the little garden they had growing--gotta love the fresh products! My fiance had the scallops with the veggies and basamati rice and he loved them. The food came out hot! We knew it was not sitting waiting under a heat lamp or anything. For dessert, we had the apple crisp with the vanilla ice cream--this was the only negative note because it did not taste good--it had a weird taste. The apples were thinly sliced and were too sweet. It was just odd--wouldn't try that again.The service was prompt and very friendly. I think one of the chefs even brought out our entrees for us. My fiance and I will definitely be going back here again!
I went here over the Christmas holiday and met some friends from High School.  Crew has been a favorite in my family for a few years, but living out of the area, I've had very few opportunities to experience it.  Judging from the parking lot, I figured this is a popular after-work meeting spot.  There were very few parking spaces left, and once I walked in, there was a large 30-something crowd at the bar.  I immediately ordered an espresso martini, which was delicious.  Not every restaurant makes them this good...I will be back for more.  ;-)  We decided to get a table and order appetizers.  Food was pretty good, the ambiance was exceptional.  I loved the way the owners had everything decorated tastefully for the holidays.  In addition, the hostess, who I believe was one of the owners, was really helpful and friendly...offering to take our coats and get us a table.  Our server was very friendly.  I am definitely going back on my next visit!
It took me a little while to get to Crew even though I drive past it every day, and I wish I had discovered it sooner!  I've been there twice now, and both times the food was out of this world. The atmosphere is definitely casual while modern and chic - last time we went around 7pm on a Friday and the bar area was packed and it was fairly loud.  It didn't bother us - the crowd wasn't rowdy or anything, just a lot of people - but some older people next to us I think were having trouble hearing one another.  Even though it was packed, we got great (even if it wasn't uber-professional) service. To start, they have a great wine and beer list here.  They rotate the beer on tap, and it's always interesting micro-brewed stuff, no Bud or Coors.  The wine list is nice too, and both times we have opted for a bottle of one of the "featured" wines and were not disappointed. Their bread is really, really good.  Just crusty, plain old artisan bread, but you can tell it's baked in-house and it is truly mouthwatering.  We had the goat cheese wonton appetizer and it was delicious - not too greasy, just the right amount of crunch and a slightly sweet sauce to go along with the bite of the cheese. I had their salmon special, and it was totally out of this world.  There was some kind of beet sauce (and I am usually not a fan of beets) that was absolutely amazing, I was just lapping it up.  It went perfectly with the salmon, which was of great quality and cooked perfectly.  It came with perfectly roasted and seasoned veggies and this huge celery root cake (think a crab cake/giant potato pancake but with celery root) - I've never had anything like this, but it was sooo good.  I was disappointed to have to order something else the second time, as salmon wasn't featured as a special, and opted for the orecchiette pasta, sans pancetta.  It was garlicy and flavorful and the sauce was somehow unique even though it's not the most original dish on the menu.  My boyfriend had the pork chop special the first time we went - it came with mashed sweet potatoes and he loved it, commented that the pork was tender and moist which is always a good sign.  He's also had the filet with port sauce and the most interesting truffled potato croquettes...they were so light and smooth on the inside and crisp on the outside, with just enough truffle flavor to resonate without overwhelming - I wanted to steal them from him after he let me taste.  Yum. I am not really a big dessert person, but I seriously had my favorite dessert EVER at Crew...it totally surpassed my expectations.  I had the vanilla bean panna cotta with berries...SO GOOD.  Perfect balance of vanilla flavors with an infusion of fresh lime in there somewhere (the lime wasn't mentioned in the description at all, so it could be off-putting to someone who doesn't like lime, but I LOVED the flavors so it was all good).  The texture was so smooth yet light, and fresh berries on top despite the fact that it's December...mmm I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Overall, a clear five-star experience for me.  The waitstaff seems young but they are very attentive without being overbearing and know the menu.  The food has been consistently great, and we will definitely go back again.
I've been patronizing CREW for a bit now, and have sampled much of their lunch and dinner menus, both are fantastic. Their wine selection is OK, though I've been told I'm snobby. The service is great, but I deducted one star for a particular time I was dining there with my man. As soon as our meal arrived, one of the hostesses came over and started talking to the couple next to us, they were obviously friends. I wouldn't have minded so much if she weren't standing with her back directly to our table, so close that our waitress couldn't reach my water glass. When I asked her to please continue her conversation another time she left. However it wasn't long before she was back, this time standing directly next to my date. We didn't stay for dessert. To avoid confrontation I called that night to tell a manager about our experience. They apologized and said that that shouldn't happen again. We'll see!
While the food was good the service was simply unacceptable especially for a quiet night. Add to that my personal pet peeve, a 1/2 filled martini. I was hoping for a "twist" and this was not it.
I remember when Crew opened, I used to pass by it on route 9 and think "hmm, another bar; who cares?".  I had never gone there on my own; I ended up going with friends for a couple of functions.  I was quite pleasantly surprised.  Usually there's at least three of us if not more; we typically will share a number of appetizers and entrees.  In this way I can claim that 'everything' there is good...  Also, their beer selection is pretty good, with a number of microbrews.   Tip: If it's a bit loud for you there (you're probably sitting at the bar), see if you can get one of the semi-private rooms in the back.
Okay for real? With the 4 stars for this place? The food is decent. Pricey. Not that good. The crème brûlée was an epic disappointment. I'll probably be back bc there's nothing else in Poughkeepsie, but that's only why.
Can't believe it took us so long to eat at CREW. We have been there a few times now, and each time we had a very pleasant experience. The bread and butter that come to each table is amazing by the way. They make their own butter--which is sweet and warm. Its delicious. The dinners have been wonderful too. I have ordered a dinner salad, chicken plate, and a steak special on the 3 occasions we have been there. Each dinner was cooked just right and packed with flare and favor. The dessert is to die for. I recommend the chocolate lava cake even though it takes about 15 minutes to come out (the bake it from scratch and the wait is well worth it). Note: MAKE RESERVATIONS! I have gone on a Tuesday night and the place is packed.
I was in the neighborhood for business checked in at the Hampton inn. Yelped for nearby restaurants and bars and saw that this place had great reviews. Came in on a Sunday afternoon, ordered a blue point draft and the pulled pork. The pulled pork sandwich was one of the best I've ever had. The digs was pretty cool with an open kitchen facing part of the dining area. Reasonably priced and football was on.  The bartneder at the time Heather was also very pleasant and accommodating. Highly recommend the place.
Crew stands out from other restaurants  in the area. It is my go-to spot for date night. The decor is romantic with dim lighting. They feature a different artist on their walls which I love. And if you make a reservation, you will be seated in the back away from the busy noise. There is something about an open kitchen that makes me feel like there are no secrets, just top notch food. You can tell that management is on top of things. I love seeing the owners behind the bar or hitting every table, making sure everyone is satisfied. The bartenders have a knowledge of wine and beer. Whenever I try something new, I am never disappointed. The food is SO GOOD. If I could, I would eat the bread and butter or dinner alone :) Some of my favorites are the organic chicken, pulled pork and the pasta dishes. I had goat cheese wontons last week that were delicious. I think they were a special. On Fridays they usually have fish and chips. Best I've honestly ever had. Very light and a nice piece of flaky fish- Not greasy at all. I love Crew. Always greeted with a friendly smile, and always leaving with a full belly. Best restaurant in the Hudson Valley!
Stopped in for lunch today while picking up some beer from Half Time.  I'm always skeptical of places that open shop in a strip mall as it doesn't seem like the optimal location for a restaurant.   I've probably been to Half Time a hundred times and never thought of going here to eat.  A co-worker of mine (who also frequents Half Time) had told me how good this place was. It was pretty quiet, the bar was full and there were a couple of tables.  We were seated immediately.  Waitress was just as quick to come and take our drink \ app orders.  Decent draught list of 8 - 10 craft brews.  I started out with a Six Point Righteous Rye and followed it up with a Flower Power with my meal.   For the meal, DW went with a club chicken wrap with a side salad, DD went with a grilled cheese and I went with the steak sandwich.  All of the food was super fresh and tasty.  DW said that she wouldn't mind making the Half Time trip with me if we can come here each time.
Crew is one of the most consistently good restaurants in the area. It is clear everyone cares and is invested in the dining experience. The servers are classy, friendly and focused on making sure you are happy. The soups are exceptional and the salads are generous. We crave the turkey sandwich in foccacia for lunch. The organic chicken for dinner is great. We eat out often... Very few places have the owner looking over every dish that comes out of the kitchen. Go to crew any night and you will see this! Definitely one if our favorite places to dine!)
After a number of great meals here I had to upgrade the rating of Crew. The steak frites and pulled pork are both amazing. Never a complaint from any meal here. Crew is popular and can get crowded, the staff does a good job of keeping everything under control. Always something interesting on tap and specials for dinner. I see one of the chefs from my other favorite place in town Beech Tree grill working the kitchen pretty often. I accidentally make a guest appearance on their website, the blurry guy staring at his computer in the olive oil shot. It's an all CIA Crew at Crew, and they do a great job!
First time here and I was really pleasantly surprised. The service was fast, food fresh,hot and very tasty. I would struggle to come up with something negative to say. I will be glad to come back and try a few more things off the menu.
