This barebones market makes some mean Mexican--some of the very best I've had, in fact. The fact that El Azteca is a mere 5 minute walk from the Poughkeepsie Metro North / Amtrak train station sweetens the deal even further. Cheap prices, generous portions, authentic flavors, I'm sold. The guacamole was a refreshing start to the meal, light but creamy. I substituted the chips for warm tortillas and was very pleased. We had the vegetarian mole enchiladas, which came with rice and refried beans. The mole's flavor was rich and complex, but not heavy. I loved the tamal and the tacos as well. The meats (pastor, carnitas, and bistec) were all well seasoned and topped with cilantro and some white Mexican cheese. Total including tax and tip with all that food came down to $30--about $15 a person. I'm sold! Buen trabajo, Azteca!
Had this for the first time tonight.  The woman on the phone was so nice and I asked for delivery.  The guy got lost and took over an hour to find my house, but when he showed up he was so apologetic.  I told him it really was no problem and he said that next time he would remember where I lived.  The food was awesome!  Authentic Mexican and could not have been any better!  I got the chicken enchiladas with spicy red sauce and it came with rice and beans.  They give excellent portions and I ate the whole thing.  I also ordered chips and salsa and they were still warm and freshly made and the salsa was fresh and delicious!  I also ordered a side of the cheese and jalapeno tamales but was so full I will get to those tomorrow but they appeared like they were just made and smelled wonderful.  The prices were excellent and the food was so good I called them to tell them.  Honestly, these people could not be any nicer and the food could not be any better!
Really good flavorful Mexican food. Friendly people. The lady behind the counter was very helpful in assisting me with what I wanted as I was extremely indecisive on what I was hungry for. Definitely will be back again.
I come here with my wife and it is by far the best mexican food in the county.  Tamales with a big grilled chicken taco salad is the way to go if you're a first timer.  But everything here is good!  I highly recommend it.  Very casual and if you live local you can even grab a few grocery items!
This place has authentic Mexican and it is DELICIOUS. Their tamales and al pastor tacos are the best in the area. I come here at least twice a week. Very affordable with large portions, super quick and friendly service. Highly recommended!
If your looking for authentic Mexican cuisine look no further. This quaint hole-in-the-wall cafe/deli is dripping with Mexican design and features. The food is authentic Mexican and reasonably priced. The service is quick and friendly. This cafe is certified by an authentic Latino.
Hey there, Mexican food fan!  Do you like tacos?  Do you like tacos so good they stop time and space?  You do?  Then this is the place for you.  Hand made tortillas, juicy slow-simmered chicken, fantastic sauces will make you cry and miss mother Mexico. Oh, and it's also a grocery store.
Do NOT be put off by the sparse decor or the fact that this looks more like a bodega than a restaurant. I promise you the food is EXCELLENT, and although they don't speak English, the owners could not be more helpful r accommodating. location - if you want REAL Mexican food this place will soon become your favorite it now is ours! The taco special (3 for $5 whether chicken, beef or pork) was incredible as was one of their specials - Bistek Acado: steak, cheese, onions, rice and beans. The tacos were served with fresh lettuce and tomatoes and just the right amount of sour cream on each. Everything was fresh and the taste was truly amazing! When the word gets out about this place they are going to have to expand!
NOT HAPPY TO FIND THAT OUT OF THE SEVEN CUSTOMERS HERE INCLUDING ME AND THE KID, NONE WERE LATINO'S Maybe that was the hint at this tiny Mexican/Grocery store. Always going traditional I ordered a Horchata. A drink made from rice water, milk, vanilla, and cinnamon. Unfortunately here it was watery and disappointing. My three tacos came each with a different meat, but equally hard and dry, suffering from over cooking on the grill. The sign said fresh made tortilla. I assure you my corn tortilla weren't made that day or to recent. A couple of other average dishes and a desert, and time to go. OH ONE MORE THING, IT WAS SUMMER and EVEN WITH THE SMALL AC IN THE BACK IT WAS  " HELL "
This place is delicious, authentic Mexican food...in Poughkeepsie. Great tamales and really friendly service. Cool foodstuffs for sale as well.
Amazing food and better service. Great vegetarian options. The mango salsa was so fresh and delicious. I think this may be my new favorite place to eat in the neighborhood.
Great little Mexican spot on main st.  I always get the streak tacos, rice and beans.  Friendly staff, great service.  The food is very good and close to the best Mexican I've had in the state.
Amazing Mexican cuisine in a small little shop. One lady on Saturday afternoon by herself. Wish I caught her name. Tamale were amazing!!
Delicious burrito for takeout, and El Azteca also had several market ingredients I'd been searching for.  Burrito was fresh, well balanced with pork and beans, and the tomatoes/lettuce/crema on the side was perfect.  Their green sauce - magnificent.
New to the Hudson Valley area and have been looking for an authentic taste of real Mexican food. Upon reading a coupe of reviews, I found El Azteca as one of the highest rated places to try. It being only a few blocks away from my apartment, I decided to make a late night run for some grub. As soon as you step in this place you forget that youre in Poughkeespie, and immediately feel transported to Mission Street in San Francisco. they had it al, the candy, the bottled drinks, the piñatas, and even a few staples you should all have in your pantry. On this occasion I went with two tamales verdes, and one of mole. Both amazing and as good as it gets. They stayed warmed all the way to the apartment. Just add a dollop of Mexican crema ( mexican equivalent of creme fraiche) and youre good to go. You can also sprinkle a little aged Oaxaca cheese for added saltines. The chorizo torta was on point as well. Refried black beans, avocado, pico de gallo, crema, chorizo and ham all stuffed into a nice hoagie-like toasted bun. I would definitely go back to try their other authentic choices like their sopes, and huitlacoche quesadillas. The owner was very friendly and even told me about other must go to places. Rule of thumb for me is: go where the people eat. If Thai people eat at a specific place, go there! If Mexicans eat at this other place, go there, chances are they know whats authentic and have found themselves a little piece of home.
a taste of mexico!!
