I came here on a Friday night, the day ever Thanksgiving, and I must say, this place was really good!!  Our server did a great job with everything and making sure we were comfortable, even asking about our allergies since everything is freshly made!  We had someone with a severe peanut allergy and also tomato allergy and he made accommodations as necessary.   The home-made garlic bread was to die for!!!  It came with a sun-dried tomato spread and/or butter and we took home 2 jars of sun-dried tomato spread.  The bread has minced garlic on it -- the more garlic the better!  It was very well done.   We had a table for 8 and I'm pretty sure we ordered everything!  We had the pulpo, the artist's plate, salmon, trout, skirt steak, lamb, and duck.  The lamb and duck were slightly over cooked to our liking, but it was still very tasty.   The desserts!! awesomeeeeee!!  They made something that wasn't on the menu for my boyfriend since it was his birthday, and it was delicioussssssssss.  I dream of it still sometimes.  I would 100% go back here!
Great cocktails, pleasant atmosphere, decent service. Overall, I was happy with my experience here.  Including tip, my wife and I spent just under $100, and that was with a cocktail (the Monet-tini was awesome), appetizers, main course, dessert and coffee. The dessert list was probably the most interesting part of the menu. The main courses have great aspirations, but fall a little short.  I ordered the barracuda and it was severely underseasoned. I would give it one more shot if I was in the area again as the other folks in my party were pleased with their meals.
I had to work out-of-town in Poughkeepsie over the Palm Sunday weekend. Someone recommended this restaurant to me and I am so grateful that they did!  When I walked into the Artist's Palate, I thought I was in NYC, Chicago or LA.  Although small, the decor was welcoming and sophisticated without being stuffy.  The hostess was very personable and the service was great.   The food was such a treat.  I remember everything I had to eat. My appetizer was the Maine Lobster Mac n' Cheese, which was flavorful and loaded with lobster. I had the Lamb Loin for my entree.  The lamb was cooked perfectly.  For dessert, I had the Pineapple Upside Down Cake.  If you have a chance to order it, do so.  They serve it warm!  I will definitely be back and I don't live close by!
I ate at The Artist's Palette with my mom the other night for a belated mother's day dinner. It was my first visit to this restaurant, but I've been wanting to dine here for quite some time based on reviews I heard from friends. I had the Creme Brulle Martini, which was a little strong, but quite tasty.  The house salad with vinaigrette dressing was also quite good.  When a server (not ours) removed our salad plates from the table, she told us that she would bring us new forks, but our dinner came a short while later and no forks were brought.  We had to ask for them.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive otherwise.  My mom ordered the salmon dinner based on seeing the table next to us order the same dish and liking the looks of it.  Unfortunately the piece of salmon she got looked like it was half the size of the other diner's fish.  She complained and was told that it's based on weight.  It very well could have been, but it certainly did look much much smaller than the person's fish who was next to us. I ordered the chicken breast stuffed with spinach and red peppers and wrapped with prosciutto.  It was delicious and the mashed potatoes it came with were to die for (they tasted very homemade).  However, I believe this chicken dish was the source of food poisoning that I had the next morning.  Being friends with a few chefs, I was told that the stuffing in the chicken could very easily not have reached proper temperature and as a result, I was quite sick the next morning. Mom didn't feel like dessert, so I ended the night with a Raspberry mojito.  This was unlike any mojito I've ever had, and not in the good sense.  There was a complete lack of any fresh fruit and just overall did not taste like any mojito I've had before. When the check came, I noticed that my mother's glass of merlot was $1 more on the check than the price listed on the wine list.  I didn't complain about it though and just paid and left. Though the ambiance here was really nice, especially for Poughkeepsie, I have to rate it only two stars based on the fact that I potentially received some food-borne illness from here and that there was too much that was off to make it a wonderful night out. For my mom and I, it was a $100 meal (including tip).
I stumbled upon this place while mapping out good places to eat on my vacation to Poughkeepsie. The atmosphere is great, perfect place for a first date or causal dinner  with friends. I went with my sister and 4 month baby girl who has a love of fine dining :) We order the Gorgonzola stuffed figs wrapped in bacon, yummy! Next course, lobster mac in cheese with sherry. It was pretty good, could of used a pinch of salt. For our entrée we had the buttermilk fried quail with mashed potatoes and green beans. The quail was perfect! Tender and  well seasoned. We finished with the desert sampler. Creme brûlée, mango sorbet, gluten free chocolate cake, ehh ok. If I'm eating chocolate I wanna eat chocolate cake ya know! Overall great place, will definitely be coming back.
I've had the opportunity to enjoy a number of meals at the Artist's Palate over the past few years and have found them all to be consistently good to excellent. The ambiance has a modern feel to it. There's a bar in front, a wall of mirrors running along one wall, and a semi-open kitchen in the back. The servers are friendly: not the most professional, but they clearly want you to enjoy yourself. On a weekend night, the place can get pretty noisy and chaotic--getting a table on the fringe of the room helps with this. The restaurant is definitely a good choice and very accommodating whether you're by yourself, on a date, or with a large group. The menu is best described as New American with nods to other cuisines (in particular, some of the dishes have a definite Asian influence). It changes seasonally, and is always sure to feature a few vegetarian options. On my most recent trip to the restaurant, I was there for lunch. While the dinner menu is on the pricey side (entrees average around $25), lunch is quite affordable. The lunch menu offers a couple of soups (the onion soup is enough for a meal, and quite tasty), salads, sandwiches, and some hot entrees. I decided on a special, fish and chips, while my bf ordered a hot turkey sandwich (topped with avocado, bacon, chipotle mayo, sharp cheddar) and my mom went with a butternut squash ravioli, topped with walnuts and cranberries. The fish was good: nicely fried, almost too greasy, but just not, and the waffle fries (you can also get these as a side) were pretty standard, if nicely-seasoned. I wouldn't order it again, but it made a tasty lunch. The turkey sandwich was delicious. Each of the components went together wonderfully (how could you say no to bacon and avocado?), and were well-proportioned to make for a delicious bite. The ravioli were also pretty tasty. I liked the filling and the seasonal feel of the dish with the cranberries and walnuts; however the cream sauce was a bit rich.
It was unusually busy when we arrived for our 7:30pm Sat night reservation and we took that in to consideration. But it still took the hostess 10 min just to look at us and greet us. We were standing right in front of her podium. Our server, Greg, was exceptional and added stars to the meal with his comfortable personality and attentive. Five stars for him! After excellent appetizers (tofu for me, meat & cheese plate for my husband) the entrees were below par for a restaurant of this level. Vegetable pot pie was very watery and not tasty. My salad had way too much dressing and my potatoes were very bland and nothing special to taste. And a huge annoying distraction was the utensils!  Although nice to look at they are not practical to use. Too thin to hold on to and extremely aggravating. I kept wishing I had a different fork and knife to use through my entire meal. Please CHANGE the silverware. More cons than pros. We won't be returning.
I had the best duck breast here. It was juicy. It was tender. It was perfect. I had a wine reduction sauce with the flavor of figs, I think. M. and I came here in November with two friends who are vegetarians. We all loved our dinners. I tasted my friend's roasted brussels sprouts. They tasted nutty. For dessert, M. and I had a trio of sorbets. From what I remember, I really liked the green apple and ginger sorbet. It just tasted so refreshing.
We drove up from Manhattan to do some leaf peeping and set The Artist's Palate as our luncheon destination based on the Yelp reviews.   Turns out, 5 stars is the accurate rating !  Wonderful food, lovely service and Megan, the owner chef stopped to chat and answer a few of our questions.  Yup, it's 2 hours away but we'll be back and will heartily recommend this gem to our friends.
A solid upscale restaurant.  Most importantly, the food tastes good and is creative.  The interior is elegant and modern and the waiting staff are amiable and professional.  I highly recommend this place for a dinner for two, but it's good for any dinner experience--the service was excellent even when we had a large party (8 or so).   I've been here several times and look forward to another visit.  However, it's not perfect--first, the neighborhood feels a little unsafe at night and you have to park on the street (free and usually plenty of space, but still not the best arrangement).  Also, it can get loud in there--I felt bad when my hard-of-hearing grandfather came along and couldn't hear much of the conversation.  But try it anyway, especially for a romantic evening.  The price is justified by the experience.
We just had our wedding at Locust Grove and went with Artist's Palate for our catering. We received tons of compliments on the food. The process of planning with Charlie (the owner) was smooth and he was on top of every detail we planned for. The food was delicious, he, his wife, and his staff are are awesome, professional and very easy to work with, and the day went off without a hitch. From the moment we started working with him, we felt relaxed that he was handling everything he needed to handle and we could relax. We did not use a wedding coordinator so having an efficient, organized caterer (who is essentially the primary point person for the whole day) is essential. Look no further than Artist's Palate if you are planning a wedding in Poughkeepsie. In addition, we felt the cost of catering was competitive and fair, and the quality of food was above and beyond your typical wedding food.
My boss recently received a gift certificate from a client to this establishment. So, naturally we gave it a shot. I always give a place more than one chance to impress me, because I can perfectly understand having an off-day. The gift certificate was substantial enough that it allowed us to have four different lunches on completely separate occasions. I never ordered the same thing twice, because I wanted to make sure that the two of us had tried all of the sandwiches on their lunch menu. I have to say, despite the decent reviews I can only describe the food as being OK. Nothing had much flavor, and we tried everything from the Thai Chicken Wrap to the Salmon BLT. Their saving grace were the waffle fries. Fries are my weakness so if they weren't acceptable then this review would have been a lot less forgiving. In all honesty I would not turn down another gift certificate, or an invitation to eat there. However, on a day that I decide I would prefer to buy lunch as opposed to eating at home the Artist's Palate would not be my first choice.
Excellent- everything. The service was truly exceptional. I seek out restaurants that have good reviews, are highly rated, etc-- so the service is usually good. However, at AP the service was the best I've experienced in a long time. Really just elevated the experience. Also, while we were enjoying our main course one of the chefs (Megan?) came over to talk to our table. Although I'm a self proclaimed foodie, I am a mid-20s female, so unfortunately I don't usually get greatest by chefs like we did here. Really appreciate the care that these owners put into their restaurant! Drinks- yes. Just yes. First, a procesco  mojito! Yes! Why have I never thought of this. Next- wine. They have a great wine selection and I found a great Bordeaux to enjoy with my lamb. Amuse bouche- yes. Some sort of brisket on a tiny toast with house pickled items. When you take the time to house pickle a tiny slice of carrot/onion for my amuse bouche, you move To the top of my list.  So delicious Meal- I had lamb. Get it. Definitely, definitely get it. The mint "jelly" that comes with it was perfect. I loved everything. Mashed. Green beans. Yes!! My friend got the chicken. Super moist. Very well seasoned.  One of the best meals I've had this year. Dessert- had to get the milk and cookies. While the milk wasn't my favorite thing ever (too milky, if this makes any sense at all? I was expecting something closer to a White Russian I suppose-- my mistake! It does say milk lol). But the cookies were just SOOOO good. I rarely use caps in reviews, but this is necessary. Price- just right. Honestly, for farm fresh food in NY, hand crafted drinks, and fresh baked desserts-- you just can't go wrong. Absolutely go here. New favorite place in Poughkeepsie. I'll definitely be back.
I had the pork snitzle, the pork was dry, and other vegetables were barely luke warm. Theres only 2 servers for the whole restaurant, it seems like we were ignored. The food came out in a good pace.
Was looking forward to going here, made reservations, picked up the person I was going with, was about 5 mins away and got stuck in dead stop traffic because of an accident. Called them up and asked if they could hold our table, we were on our way and got stuck because of an accident but should be there in 10-15 mins because we had to reroute. The host we were speaking with refused to hold the table for any longer than 10 minutes. We thought it was still doable, so we tried to get there as soon as we could. Ended up taking a little more than 15 mins, but under 20. When we walked in our table had been given away and they told us it would be a 2 hour wait for another one. As I said, I was looking forward to going here, the reviews looked great, but as a business owner, this is no way to treat your customers. Because of this, I won't even try to go again and experience their food. They're not getting a dime of my money and they can thank their staff for that!
The Artist's Palate is a gem of Poughkeepsie, NY.  Situated in a building that used to house a high end clothing store (M. Schwartz), the restaurant's design is a masterpiece with the good food and people to compliment it. Food is essential in our lives.  It is important to know where our food is sourced and handled, before it reach our palate.  The Artist's Palate's chef/owner Megan, explained that most of the food is sourced within 60mile radius.  The rest are sourced from fisherman using fishing lines and reputable dealers.  This means the ingredients used at the Artist's Palate are fresh and the menu fluctuates constantly based on argriculture availability and production. I tried the soup of day, cream asparagus and the entrée was Sword fish.  The soup has a delicate balance of light and bold flavors, very nice and rich.  The sword fish was done just right, it's not dry like others that I've had before.  It had a perfect amount of flavor.  I can tell it was very fresh. The drinks here was also good.  I had a couple Manhattan, which were mixed and presented properly.   Overall beautiful restaurant, nice people, and delicious food. Cheers...
This part of my review is actually about Canvas, which is part of the Artist's Palate but unfortunately YELP does not have Canvas listed. Canvas has evolved into Megan & Charles Fells banquet/catering facility. And we have always had an excellent meal at Artist's Palate so when we decided to have a birthday party for our sons 16th birthday we decided to have it at Canvas. There are a lot of good restaurants in the area and a few good catering facilities and I have always found that restaurants that attempt to do catering usually fall short and tend to dissappoint. This is not the case at Canvas!!! From planning the menu to execution of the event things could not have been better! All our guests loved the food the atmosphere and the service! All to often you get soggy, greasy, cold Hors D'oeuvres at this type of event, the ones we were served were, freshly made, hot, and delicious! The pulled pork sliders were the crowds favorites! Then the food at the buffet was simply outstanding! The staff was very attentive and a lot of fun to work with! We simply could not have asked for a better time!!! As a side note to the outstanding service the Fells provide, as I had mentioned it was a 16th birthday party and we had rented a guitar hero game with a projector from an outside vendor so my son and his friends wouldn't be bored. When we got there we found one of the guitars to be broken. I mentioned this to Charles and without hesitation he called the company and had them bring out a replacement. My point is he really had nothing to do with this rental, he just wanted to make sure our sons day was perfect and he was willing to help out on any way he could! That is a true professional! We will certainly have another event at Canvas! And will continue to enjoy the Artist's Palate! I can't imagine having not reviewed the Artist Palate yet!!! We have been here 4 or 5 times and it is my favorite restaurant in the area by far! The menu is always changing, they do keep some favorites but there always seems to be something new too. The food in a word is "perfection" always seasoned well and prepared as ordered. The portions are ample without being huge, and the presentation is beautiful....as I said Perfection! The waitstaff if very friendly and proficient and always does an excellent job! I would recommend this restaurant without hesitation, if you plan to go on a weekend make a reservation, they are on Open Table so it couldn't be easier! There prices are very good for the caliber of food and service you receive, is it cheap? NO but for what you get I have no problem with the prices! As I said this is our favorite place and we will be there again...SOON
We only spent 1 day/night in Poughkeepsie and this yelp led me here for dinner.  Nice ambiance, modern and quiet.  The food was excellent.  The four cheese onion soup was very cheesy and rich.  Salad was crisp and perfectly dressed.  Scallops fork tender.  Well done.
This might be my favorite restaurant in Poughkeepsie. FOOD - is probably just all around the best I've had for a restaurant; it's seriously a real treat. AMBIANCE - this would be the only thing I'd give only a 4/5; the seating is a little packed; but I did go on the night before Marist graduation so would be understandable. Aside from that; I love how this is part of the revitalization of the downtown po-town scene. The inside aside from the seating is very trendy and even a bit packed you can still have a grand conversation with your mates. SERVICE - great; had zero complaints about them; they did an absolutely smashing job. TIPS - make sure you get a reservation! This is absolutely needed.
The food, light euro-jazz, lighting and staff all combine to a very relaxing elegant dining experience.
Some friends and I went to the Artist's Palate for the first time last night. It was perfect. We had a reservation, and you definitely need one for this place. It was packed! There were a few tables sitting and talking, so we wound up having to wait a bit for our seat. Not a problem - we sat at the bar and sipped some perfectly crafted cocktails. I had the Beetnik - a strange blend of beet-infused vodka, ginger, and lemon fizz - and it was out of this world. The bartender was so busy, but still, each beverage was exactly as it should have been, every ingredient perfectly measured. He even found time to chat with us as he worked quickly and precisely. We had a nice time just chatting at the bar, and our wait was not at all that long, but still, we were treated to a free antipasto platter because of the delay. This was completely unnecessary, but much appreciated. The staff was thoughtful and friendly, and from the time we walked in, made our experience special. Once we were seated, our friendly and knowledgeable waiter made sure we were comfortable. He was very attentive. The atmosphere is warm and social, and the dining area is very comfortable. There is ample room between tables so that you're not sitting on top of each other. Each course of our meal was wonderful, and always, there was something special about each plate. I had pumpkin ravioli that was the die for - never have I tasted anything so delectable. Everyone was pleased with their orders. There wasn't a single complaint, not even from my very picky friend that I am often embarrassed to eat out with because of her sometimes ridiculous requests and issues with her food. The chefs/owners are real artists, and they even came around to make sure all was well. They were so friendly! Because we had a short wait when we first got there, which I must repeat again, was NOT a problem, the chef even gave us our cappuccinos on the house. Again, this was SO UNNECESSARY, but such a lovely gesture. Rarely do I have zero complaints about a restaurant. You can tell by the length of this review and the time that I put into writing it that I was so pleased with our experience. I cannot wait to go back again! I never knew there was such a gem of a place so close to my home.
One of the best restaurants in Poughkeepsie. Located on Main Street, it can be a bit dodgy walking to and from your car. The menu, waitstaff and atmosphere are all excellent. The only downsides are the location and the price point.
So-so french onion soup [much better ones in Rhinebeck] Great grilled bread and sundried tomato pesto (sundried+breadcrumbs+parmesian cheese). yummy. Octopus was mediocre, flavorless, chewy. Poor: Faroe island salmon pastrami spiced, crispy dumplings, mustard sauce:  was bad: weird tasting, seemed like atlantic farmed salmon, was raw mush inside, cumin taste outside. If they are serving their warm chocolate cake, it's one of the best cakes in the world. But they weren't, which was another crazy disappointment. Visit: Dec 2013.
Extremely disappointed in this restaurant being so pretentious. I went in tonight at 6pm and asked if there were any tables. The hostess asked me if we had a reservation, I told her we didn't. The entire place was empty apart from 2 tables. She said they were fully booked. I went outside, looked on open table and there was open reservations for 6:45 or 7:30, hardly fully booked. I'm from nyc and I've never seen a more pretentious hostess, bizarre you leave nyc expecting more friendly staff and get more of the same. I'm guessing they're trying to keep up an exclusive pretense, I suppose accomplished, just not sure who's winning...
Went there on Saturday with a crew of 8 people and we had a very good experience, had to change our reservations an hour before and they were thankfully accommodating. First of all I was happy to see downtown main street starting to be revitalized. I went to school at Marist 20 years ago and you just didn't walk around that part of town so it was good to see the area changing for the better. We had an event at the Poughkeepsie Grand that night, was running late, and didn't have much time so we ordered most of the appetizers and a few pasta dishes which was nice as we got to sample a good portion of the menu. We were told the menu does change often so I can't promise the same items will be available  but I really enjoyed: * Figs: stilton stuffed grilled figs wrapped in prosciutto and a sherry reduction on a crostini * Crispy fried tofu with a cilantro-cucumber salad and ponzu * Mussels in white wine, garlic, tomatoes, and herbs * The meat and cheese plate The only sour note was the Pulpo dish, it was sautéed Octopus with chorizo and fingerling potatoes. The dish was tasty but the octopus was overdone but as someone who cooks I find it one of the hardest products to work with and serve with any consistency, The atmosphere was nice, the noise level was low, and our party liked the open kitchen theatre experience. I highly recommend this place and would like to try the affiliated restaurant next door called canvas in the near future.
The Artist's Palate is a delightful restaurant nestled in downtown Poughkeepsie. I had dinner on a Saturday night while visiting family over the Thanksgiving holiday. I am from San Francisco and found this place comparable to the quality of restaurant found in my city. We made a reservation and were seated within 15 minutes. The menu has a large variety of dishes. The 3 of us shared the Artist Palate appetizer, which is a nice medley of antipasto. It was a large appetizer; I suggest it's shared with 4. The meats were lovely, 1 of the 3 cheeses was very nice, the caponata was spicy. For our main courses, we ordered the venison, striped bass, and vegetable stew. Each of these dishes had sensational flavor, perfectly cooked and robust portion sizes. The venison was ordered according to the waiter's recommendation (medium rare); it was phenomenal, so incredibly tender. Megan, the chef kept the seasoning light to allow the flavor of the meat to take center stage. The eggplant puree was a nice accompaniment. The rice was dry, without flavor and didn't need to be on the plate. The vegetarian stew was full of beautiful vegetables and beans. The broth was so incredible that we wished we could order a pitcher of it to go. I had the striped bass wrapped in prosciutto, which was absolutely brilliant. The fish was cooked perfectly, moist and flavorful. The prosciutto was an appropriate salty accent. A tasty, creamy butternut squash risotto accompanied the bass. For dessert, we ordered the medley, which included the crème brulee, chocolate cake, lemon tart and fruit crumble. The crème brulee was the crowning achievement with a perfectly caramelized top. The chocolate cake was a close runner up with it's semi sweet goodness. Our waiter, Jeff Duncan was attentive, was able to describe each of the dishes and make some very nice recommendations. My family will definitely be returning to the restaurant, I will return the next time I am in town as well.
Excellent high-end food. My wife and I went to The Artist's Palate for our anniversary and were not disappointed. When we arrived we were immediately seated and they had taken note of our occasion and greeted us with a "happy anniversary" when we walked in. Upon sitting down we were impressed with the variety of creative cocktails on the menu. My wife had a prosecco mojito and I had a tried and true martini. Both were superb. Also excellent was another prosecco cocktail I tired, the Italian Greyhound: prosecco, fresh grapefruit, herbs with a rosemary-salted rim. Just after our drinks arrived we were given an amuse bouche of herbed barley in a japanese soup spoon. It was rich and complex, preparing us for the rest of the dinner. When I asked if I could substitute chicken for vegetables in the risotto entree, the chef and co-owner Megan personally came over to our table to ask me which vegetables and mushrooms I would prefer. Then out came some scrumptious grilled bread with a basil spread that just melted in my mouth. Our appetizer was fried tofu chunks with a rice wine-shoyu dipping sauce that was again excellent. The risotto was delicious and my wife had a dis of summer squash and zucchini that was filled with red quinoa. While that seems simple, the quinoa was nutty and deep, lending the dish weight. Before we could even look at the dessert menu, a complimentary chocolate tart was delivered to us on the house. It was outstanding. We were well sated afterwards and very happy to have dined here. The staff is very good and friendly with excellent but not intrusive wait service. The chef came to our table twice to check on us. The decor is hip but understated: exposed brick walls in a large, tall room with an open kitchen in the back. There is a band of mirrored glass that surrounds the entire restaurant. If you're looking for an excellent place to eat, I highly recommend The Artist's Palate.
I had the Artist's Palate cater my wedding last weekend. We are still fielding comments and rave reviews from all of our guests about the food! My favorite comment was "i'd say best wedding food i've ever had, but that's not fair because it cannot even be classified as wedding food, it was so delicious!" The owner, Charlie, is awesome to work with. He's no-nonsense in the best possible way. He gets straight to the point, minds the details, nails the execution, and serves up absolutely scrumptious food for your guests. We also had them do our rehearsal dinner, and the food was just as tasty for 25 people as it was for 125 people. This is no small feat! Also, the catering staff was awesome. Attentive, polite, professional. I would recommend the Artist's Palate to anyone having an event in the Hudson Valley. THEY ROCK!!!!!!!
The level of customer care I received at the Artist's Palate was outstanding. Their good food is legendary, but what I want to acknowledge is how gracious they were. I booked a reservation for the wrong day (my fault) for eight people on Vassar's graduation weekend. Not only did Megan (the Executive Chef and co-owner) fit us in on the day I had meant to choose, but she was exceptionally gracious and very good-natured about it. The level of service I was shown moved me to write this review and make sure they got one more post for 5 stars.
My wife and I have been coming here once a year since we first got engaged.  We love it and come from 1.5 hrs away to eat here.   Husband / Wife owners who happen to be the chefs as well are present at all times! They both are so kind and obviously super talented! Big and Clean dining room with brick trim and the food is just awesome!  Korean Steak with sticky rice is my go to here.  Their menu is always evolving and they do a great job keeping in touch with their customers via email and social media.  Very good service....even better food!  One of the best restaurants in the area for sure!
Excellent food. Everything was expertly prepared. Each dish offered a unique flavor, from appetizer to dessert. Wait staff was well trained and very friendly. Service was fast even on an incredibly busy night, and even though they were speedy, the wait staff apologized for slow service. I love the design of the restaurant. You can see the chefs cooking from anywhere in the restaurant, which I enjoyed. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for some of the best food in Poughkeepsie.
Absolutely wonderful meal, ambiance and service. I am a vegetarian and the waiter went out of his way to make accommodations for me without me having to ask. Will definitely be going back.
Went with my wife for dinner last week and it was just another great dining experience. The waiter (forgot his name now unfortunately) was great from the beginning which made the experience that much better. He was friendly, attentive, funny but also knew when to leave.. My wife is  a vegetarian and her meal was fantastic from the salad to the pasta...I got broiled cod with a side of brussel sprouts. Both were fantastic a where the cocktails. This is a wonderful place to dine, their lunch specials are reasonable....
I was so excited to try this place because I'd heard good things, and it was a treat to go out to a high-end restaurant for us. Unlike other reviews, the service was great -- maybe because it was a Wednesday evening. For vegetarians, the menu options are scarce. I did know this already because I looked online at the menu before going, so we planned to order several of the appetizers and small plates to share and get a good picture of the place. While the tofu and dipping sauce was the highlight of the night, everything else was just mediocre. I ordered the lobster macaroni and cheese, and it was dry and quite bland. Nothing was really bad, but for the price we had much higher expectations. I suppose if we ate meat and ordered entrees we might have had a different experience, but it's disappointing that as a vegetarian I should expect sub-par food. As for ambiance, while I liked the hip decor, the hard chairs and cramped placement of the tables was quite uncomfortable. The overall experience and food did not match the price we paid, so I doubt we'll go back.
Can we all get real here for a minute people? What's up with all the 3 star reviews of one of our area's best restaurants? Jumping jiminy! Even though we've been to the Artist's Palate more times than I can count, I held off Yelping about it - with all the other great new places around, we haven't been here in quite some time. And with all of these lukewarm reviews, I was worried that maybe AP had gone downhill or something. Still, we kept on saying to ourselves - "Y'know, we haven't been to Artist's Palate lately...we really should get back." And we were absolutely dead right. And everyone else who has written a negative review is, well, you know. Dead wrong. Sorry all! I think that of the 20 or so times I've eaten here over the years that I can recall one disappointing meal. And that was during Parents' weekend at Vassar, and the place was absolutely flooded with people. So I'm willing to give that experience a pass. However, last night was a perfect example of why AP was at the vanguard of the Poughkeepsie dining scene turnaround, and continues to make a strong case for remaining there. Appetizers: crispy fried tofu, roasted plantain with shrimp. The plantain was just beyond, and the tofu was perfect. She had the schnitzel for main, I had the Chicken Valdostana (although I very nearly went for the Kangaroo. Where else around here are you gonna see a menu item of "Roo," I ask you???) Both were great. You know what else I love about AP? The seasonal, rotating menus. The ambiance. The warm, friendly service. The open kitchen, where you can see Megan and Charlie in their baseball caps. And the ever changing artwork, of course. Did I mention that they also have a great bar and tap? Oh yeah. There's that too. 5 strong stars. Even if the Poughkeepsie restaurant renaissance never happened and we only had Artist's Palate as our sole local fine dining option...we'd all be doing just fine, kids. That's my take.
Absolutely delicious. Walking to the restaurant had me a little concerned (Main Street is/was a little scary) but once we arrived I felt like I was in a different world. The service was impeccable so we were off to a great start. Then the food, oooooohhhhhhh the food! Fresh and yummy. The only reason I removed a star is because the French onion soup required salt (I never use salt but it was that bland). The Branzino entree was well season and cooked. It came with real corn fritters and fennel and olive salad. I wanted to hug the chef. My dinner was topped off with a perfectly made Chopin martini. If you ever end up in Poughkeepsie you must check out this gem!
I returned here for dinner most recently, on a Friday night with my husband and another couple.  Once again, I had the same experience that occurred the last time I dined at the  Artist's Palate for dinner.  Summary: The food (unique dishes, prepared superbly)  is the overall, best part of the experience, and I still enjoy the unique, chic NYC-style ambiance.  However, on Friday and Saturday nights, prompt service continues to be an issue.   The restaurant was "out" of two dishes that I had hoped to order (disappointing), and after waiting for an unreasonably extended period of time, we all placed our drink order.  While we waited even longer for all of the drinks to arrive (they came to us in dribbles), the waiter returned to inform us that they couldn't make our "Kiwipolitans", due to the fact that they had also ran out of kiwis!  So, both my friend and I re-ordered our drinks (still hadn't placed our dinner orders) and shortly afterward the waiter brings me a drink - the WRONG drink (Degal instead of Dahli) !!! Sigh......... FINALLY we all had our drinks in hand, after a good 1/2 hour of waiting.  We ended up being there for almost 3 hours because service was just so slow.   The general consensus from our entire party was that The Artist's Palate is a great place to dine, IF you go during the work week.  In my experience, Friday & Saturday nights seem pose a problem with regard to service.  Apparently, when the establishment gets too busy, they just can't handle the load. Most of their wait staff appear to be very young in age, which can equate to "inexperienced", but everyone has to start some where and I respect that, also.     Do yourself a favor if you decide to go- stay clear on the busy weekend evenings!
I wish I could afford to eat here more often. The menu is exquisite. We were very pleased with the upscale, fine-dining selection. I enjoyed the duck while my husband was in ecstasy over the lamb. Our appetizer of various spreads was wonderful. I will say that while the building design and interior are nice and have that "loft" feel to them, there are just too many tables to maintain the ambiance. With that many people in there so close together, it felt more like a cafeteria. The other negative I have was that the bartender did not know how to make a coffee martini. He gave it his best try, and what he created ended up tasting just like a tootsie roll. He tried so hard and had such a good attitude, I didn't have the heart to tell him that I loathe tootsie rolls. lol. Once we made our way to our table, I gave my drink to my husband. I would definitely go back if I could afford to. The positives outweighed the negatives by quite a lot, and I haven't found any other food this upscaley good in Poughkeepsie.
I was lucky enough to be taken here the night before Thanksgiving.  I've dined at many really interesting restaurants in the Hudson Valley area, but this one really stood out.   I dine regularly at excellent restaurants in Manhattan, and I believe the Palate could give more than a few a run for their money. I had wine, but I stole a sip of my fiancé's mojito-prosecco cocktail, which was brimming with mint and bubbles, and nearly did not give it back to him.   We didn't have appetizers (thanks to the salads that were included with the meal, which I thought was a nice touch), but once my fork connected with the coconut-crusted dorado, served with a rich pineapple sauce, I really didn't care.  I also sampled a bit of the berkshire pork that my fiance had, which I thought was a touch dry, but he seemed very pleased with it (he tends to like his meats on the ossified side of well done). I also must note that this is an excellent place to go if you're living a gluten-free life.   My future mother-in-law has both celiac and an inability to eat vinegar, but the staff and chef went out of their way to accomodate her - she was given gluten free bread, and they were able to adjust her salad and entree to make sure that nothing would aggravate her stomach.  There is even a gluten-free creme brulee on the menu, which she positively raved about.   I definitely hope to return to the restaurant sometime soon - the romantic decor, the art on display, the food and the cocktails are all worth returning for.  But I must close with a plea to the chef - PLEASE consider adding the coconut custard pie that was on special as a regular feature of the dessert menu!   No pie that good should be kept hidden.
It's expensive, that's for sure. But is the food worth the high menu price? Me thinks not. Presentation of the food and atmosphere is very trendy and creative. We ordered (the smaller portion) of lobster mac 'n' cheese for about $14 and I'd have to say that it literally just tasted like macaroni, cheese, and bland lobster meat. Quite bland for a $14 lunch portion. Their silverware is oddly-shaped.
I came here on a Friday night, the day ever Thanksgiving, and I must say, this place was really good!!  Our server did a great job with everything and making sure we were comfortable, even asking about our allergies since everything is freshly made!  We had someone with a severe peanut allergy and also tomato allergy and he made accommodations as necessary.   The home-made garlic bread was to die for!!!  It came with a sun-dried tomato spread and/or butter and we took home 2 jars of sun-dried tomato spread.  The bread has minced garlic on it -- the more garlic the better!  It was very well done.   We had a table for 8 and I'm pretty sure we ordered everything!  We had the pulpo, the artist's plate, salmon, trout, skirt steak, lamb, and duck.  The lamb and duck were slightly over cooked to our liking, but it was still very tasty.   The desserts!! awesomeeeeee!!  They made something that wasn't on the menu for my boyfriend since it was his birthday, and it was delicioussssssssss.  I dream of it still sometimes.  I would 100% go back here!
Great cocktails, pleasant atmosphere, decent service. Overall, I was happy with my experience here.  Including tip, my wife and I spent just under $100, and that was with a cocktail (the Monet-tini was awesome), appetizers, main course, dessert and coffee. The dessert list was probably the most interesting part of the menu. The main courses have great aspirations, but fall a little short.  I ordered the barracuda and it was severely underseasoned. I would give it one more shot if I was in the area again as the other folks in my party were pleased with their meals.
I ate at The Artist's Palette with my mom the other night for a belated mother's day dinner. It was my first visit to this restaurant, but I've been wanting to dine here for quite some time based on reviews I heard from friends. I had the Creme Brulle Martini, which was a little strong, but quite tasty.  The house salad with vinaigrette dressing was also quite good.  When a server (not ours) removed our salad plates from the table, she told us that she would bring us new forks, but our dinner came a short while later and no forks were brought.  We had to ask for them.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive otherwise.  My mom ordered the salmon dinner based on seeing the table next to us order the same dish and liking the looks of it.  Unfortunately the piece of salmon she got looked like it was half the size of the other diner's fish.  She complained and was told that it's based on weight.  It very well could have been, but it certainly did look much much smaller than the person's fish who was next to us. I ordered the chicken breast stuffed with spinach and red peppers and wrapped with prosciutto.  It was delicious and the mashed potatoes it came with were to die for (they tasted very homemade).  However, I believe this chicken dish was the source of food poisoning that I had the next morning.  Being friends with a few chefs, I was told that the stuffing in the chicken could very easily not have reached proper temperature and as a result, I was quite sick the next morning. Mom didn't feel like dessert, so I ended the night with a Raspberry mojito.  This was unlike any mojito I've ever had, and not in the good sense.  There was a complete lack of any fresh fruit and just overall did not taste like any mojito I've had before. When the check came, I noticed that my mother's glass of merlot was $1 more on the check than the price listed on the wine list.  I didn't complain about it though and just paid and left. Though the ambiance here was really nice, especially for Poughkeepsie, I have to rate it only two stars based on the fact that I potentially received some food-borne illness from here and that there was too much that was off to make it a wonderful night out. For my mom and I, it was a $100 meal (including tip).
I've had the opportunity to enjoy a number of meals at the Artist's Palate over the past few years and have found them all to be consistently good to excellent. The ambiance has a modern feel to it. There's a bar in front, a wall of mirrors running along one wall, and a semi-open kitchen in the back. The servers are friendly: not the most professional, but they clearly want you to enjoy yourself. On a weekend night, the place can get pretty noisy and chaotic--getting a table on the fringe of the room helps with this. The restaurant is definitely a good choice and very accommodating whether you're by yourself, on a date, or with a large group. The menu is best described as New American with nods to other cuisines (in particular, some of the dishes have a definite Asian influence). It changes seasonally, and is always sure to feature a few vegetarian options. On my most recent trip to the restaurant, I was there for lunch. While the dinner menu is on the pricey side (entrees average around $25), lunch is quite affordable. The lunch menu offers a couple of soups (the onion soup is enough for a meal, and quite tasty), salads, sandwiches, and some hot entrees. I decided on a special, fish and chips, while my bf ordered a hot turkey sandwich (topped with avocado, bacon, chipotle mayo, sharp cheddar) and my mom went with a butternut squash ravioli, topped with walnuts and cranberries. The fish was good: nicely fried, almost too greasy, but just not, and the waffle fries (you can also get these as a side) were pretty standard, if nicely-seasoned. I wouldn't order it again, but it made a tasty lunch. The turkey sandwich was delicious. Each of the components went together wonderfully (how could you say no to bacon and avocado?), and were well-proportioned to make for a delicious bite. The ravioli were also pretty tasty. I liked the filling and the seasonal feel of the dish with the cranberries and walnuts; however the cream sauce was a bit rich.
I had the best duck breast here. It was juicy. It was tender. It was perfect. I had a wine reduction sauce with the flavor of figs, I think. M. and I came here in November with two friends who are vegetarians. We all loved our dinners. I tasted my friend's roasted brussels sprouts. They tasted nutty. For dessert, M. and I had a trio of sorbets. From what I remember, I really liked the green apple and ginger sorbet. It just tasted so refreshing.
A solid upscale restaurant.  Most importantly, the food tastes good and is creative.  The interior is elegant and modern and the waiting staff are amiable and professional.  I highly recommend this place for a dinner for two, but it's good for any dinner experience--the service was excellent even when we had a large party (8 or so).   I've been here several times and look forward to another visit.  However, it's not perfect--first, the neighborhood feels a little unsafe at night and you have to park on the street (free and usually plenty of space, but still not the best arrangement).  Also, it can get loud in there--I felt bad when my hard-of-hearing grandfather came along and couldn't hear much of the conversation.  But try it anyway, especially for a romantic evening.  The price is justified by the experience.
My boss recently received a gift certificate from a client to this establishment. So, naturally we gave it a shot. I always give a place more than one chance to impress me, because I can perfectly understand having an off-day. The gift certificate was substantial enough that it allowed us to have four different lunches on completely separate occasions. I never ordered the same thing twice, because I wanted to make sure that the two of us had tried all of the sandwiches on their lunch menu. I have to say, despite the decent reviews I can only describe the food as being OK. Nothing had much flavor, and we tried everything from the Thai Chicken Wrap to the Salmon BLT. Their saving grace were the waffle fries. Fries are my weakness so if they weren't acceptable then this review would have been a lot less forgiving. In all honesty I would not turn down another gift certificate, or an invitation to eat there. However, on a day that I decide I would prefer to buy lunch as opposed to eating at home the Artist's Palate would not be my first choice.
Despite the Culinary Institute of America's proximity to Poughkeepsie, there is an absence of great food in the Downtown Poughkeepsie.   Always on the hunt for good fine dining eats within walking distance to downtown Pok,  I am often disappointed.  Until now.  The Artist's Palate stands alone for quality, seasonal, fine dining in Poktown. A pair of chef's run this fine establishment, one a long-time veteran of the Italian Cultural Center, and one a CIA grad.  They have an extensive custom cocktail menu; a selection of fine scotches and wine list.  They are soon to expand into small plates and a wine bar next door. This time around we enjoyed the Clean Slate (Hudson Valley duck and foie gras pate with black truffles and port, toasted brioche, cornichons and imported dijon with pickled shallot) as an appetizer.  As a bottle of white wine was delivered to our table I quickly switched my entree from the Dry-Aged NY Strip to the Duck Breast atop cornbread stuffing and finished with fresh tart cherries and port.  This was a well executed dish that made me happy. I will be back, and next time, darn it, I will in fact get to a red meat entree . . .
Really enjoyed the food, the service was outstanding, very nice waitressing. i had fish, it was very well done!!!!!!!!!! wine was great
Yes! It was delicious! I loved the small setting with modern decor. The bar is just the right size for the venue. I also like the staff very knowledgeable and professional. The portions were good. I think it fits the brand new vibe that Poughkeepsie is trying to create.
I loved the kangaroo here. Overall, the place was great.
This restaurant is unique in that they are trying to sell their high-dining image in the middle of a run-down city. The food here is good but it doesn't have the imaginative menu to match the interior styling.  It does not live up to the hype and is not worth the price of admission. I would recommend Shadows on the Hudson or the CIA over this place.
This was a delicious choice for dining in Poughkeepsie. Having seen the owner of the restaurant on "Chopped," we opted to dine at The Artist's Palate while on a business trip to the area. We both ordered the flank steak which was delicious and perfectly cooked with a delightful chimichurri . My selection of sauteed baby spinach as a sub for the mashed potatoes was seasoned perfectly and also delicious. The service was good with a personal visit from the owner/chef during our main course. I highly recommend this restaurant.
I loved this place!   Our food was fantastic.  I never finish my food and here I cleared every plate put in front of me.   We had top notch service as well. Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and overall was light years ahead of other restaurants we've been to lately. I have nothing bad to say about my evening here!
We dinned there this past Saturday. The restaurant is elegantly decorated and the atmosphere one of eating in a vibrant and lively fine arts museum. Our server was extremely busy but still found some way to be super attentive to us. The food was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. The whole experience was simply amazing and I can hardly wait till our next dining experience there..
We had a delightful meal at this upbeat, well appointed, and well managed restaurant.  Our muscle appetizer was well prepared and sported a delicious white wine sauce.  The bread was the surprise of the meal.  Spread with an olive oil garlic mixture and toasted over a grill flame it was excellent by itself or as a vehicle for dipping - we asked for seconds.  My swordfish entree was cooked to perfection, with delightful side vegetables.  My wife's Mahi Mahi, while well prepared, was less appetizing.  It was more the choice of fish type than preparation.  We both recommend this restaurant and will return the next time we are in town.
The Artist's Palate sometimes delivers, sometimes does not. I remember when they first opened, the lobster mac and cheese was outstanding--big chunks of lobster and an amazing sauce that tasted of lobster shells---so so good. On a recent trip I ordered the dish again and I was like "whhhaaa???" Nearly no lobster meat and I felt ripped off. It was like they put it on the top so you could see it but there was none in the dish. Good grief. I've had a few good meals here and a few bad ones. The drinks are nice though. And the ambiance is enjoyable-nyc hip. Nice to see in good ol' PK. I'd go again for sure. Just wished it was more consistent.
I've been here about half a dozen times and tried to give this place many chances, but after this many tries I just have to give up on the place. It's a shame because the chic decor and ambient mood lighting makes one excited about dining here and because good restaurants are so spread out in this area. Past meals at this place have been so-so, but this last meal sent me over the edge. I ordered the pan seared scallops with rice and vegetables, which came with a house salad. When the salads arrived, the greens were wilted and doused in salad dressing. I couldn't eat more than a few bites. When the entree arrived I was hopeful, but severely disappointed. The four large scallops that were evenly spaced around a mound of rice and stir fry veggies, on top of a ring of what was described in the menu as a "trio of sauces," were extremely salty! I wasn't able to eat most of that meal either and simply gave up halfway through and swore to myself never to go back for a meal, no matter what work-related social outing might be happening there. My colleagues seem to think that the drinks are good there and that they have a decent happy hour. If I ever go back, it might be to try out their cocktails but I'm definitely not putting myself through a seventh mediocre or overly-salted meal, especially with the prices they charge. $25 for 4 too-salty scallops sitting in a ring of what tasted like mayo with too much soy sauce? No thanks.
My experience here for a business lunch over the summer was just ok. I ordered seared tuna which was really overcooked and that just ruins tuna for me. Interior is nice and everyone I was with seemed happy so maybe it was just an off dish? I am always willing to give a place a second try.
Our experience at the Artist Palate is always a wonderful delectable evening. Once you step inside you feel like you have left Poughkeepsie.   the creativity and blending of the different flavors simply makes you moan!  i truly dont know how Megan does it,  The menu changes often, so every visit is a new adventure.  The staff is so very attentive to all your needs.  Jason was our server who took the time to explain every course and how each dish is prepared. I only wish I had more than 5 stars to rate this restaurant!
My wife and I come here for special occasions because the food is reliably excellent and the service is always wonderful.  The amuse bouche gifted by the chef is a delight to the palate, and the wine and drink list has something refreshing, delicious, and out of the ordinary each time we visit.  We love the place not only for the food, but for the atmosphere; the artwork changes periodically, providing something new and different to explore, the music is eclectic and never too invasive, and the general vibe among the staff is attentive and relaxed.  We have often remarked that you can taste the love in the food and that this is one of the few places we've encountered that has consistently gotten better with each passing year.
Everyone at our table was very happy with the food.  We had the Short Rib, Pork, Bolognese, and Murray's Chicken.  It was all well prepared and very flavorful.  Desserts a little lacking.  I have a pet peeve about restaurants putting sugar on top and calling it Creme Brûlée.  We all liked the Pineapple Upside Down cake. The only bummer of the night was the service.  I think our server was new.  When we asked questions, she gave the wrong answers.  She didn't want to seem like she didn't know the answer, so she just made something up instead of asking.  Luckily we didn't have someone with a food allergy.
Ate here for the first time tonight, had almost everything on the menu. Lobster Mac and cheese, beef tartar, tuna, mushroom in filo, cheese plate, some pasta, short ribs, salad, pineapple upside-down cake, sorbet, port, a bottle of wine,  felafel, and I'm sure I'm missing something. Would have liked to try the duck, foie gras, antelope, or venison, but none of those were available tonight... Overall it's a good restaurant for the price, and one of the best I have been to in the Hudson valley.
One of Poughkeepsie's best kitchens. Eclectic "New American" menu.
Stopped here for lunch with my parents on our way to Rhinebeck. We looked at a lot of places and chose here, as it seemed like a cuisine we would like. We all wanted something light and had salads and sandwiches. We were pleased with our food. The decor was beautiful.
This is an excellent restaurant.  The service is efficient and professional, but friendly.  The space is contemporary but preserves the nice brick wall.   The mirrored bit of wall (which is often a cheesy touch) is a well-conceived design element that creates a sense of space.  The table spacing is comfortable and the noise level and music are fine for conversation.  Overall, the ambiance creates nice energy.  The food is quite good.  Little touches add a lot and small surprises and bursts of flavor and texture take the food above the ordinary.  As a vegetarian, many restaurants can be dicey for me or at least boring.  Artist's Palate has a few tofu dishes, which is nice.  The udon bowl was quite good. A bit under seasoned, but they brought me a salt shaker and all was well.  I'd rather start with a tad less salt anyway.  My wife eats everything and all the fish and meat is reportedly excellent.  It certainly looks great.  The wine list could move up a notch in scope and depth, but this is often a tough balancing act for smaller restaurants.  I'll focus more on the wine on my next visit, which will be soon.  This is a restaurant that works hard to get it right and it truly deserves attention.
Sort of predictable neo-American fare, but it was pretty good? My wife had lobster & macaroni & cheese; that sounded really good in theory. She liked it, I didn't care for it-- not because of anything besides preference though. Kira had some kind of salad which looked okay? It wasn't what I wanted. I had a pork sandwich & it was actually really good; you know, a decent pork sandwich is good by itself, but this was pretty ace. We also split some zucchini fries with sun dried tomato aioli which I liked a lot.
Great decor. Excellent service. NYC quality restaurant. We had the halibut and pomodoro with shrimp. Everything was great   Desert sampler was fantastic.
A very gracious staff, friendly owner and great food at a reasonable price. Quite a find for 'out of towners' looking for a bite in an unfamiliar city.
This place totally exceeded our high expectations! Perfect for my wife's birthday dinner.  Staff was friendly, not overly attentive. Great atmosphere, solid modern decor with thoughtful ambient lighting. Tuna tartar amuse bouche was a very inviting start to the meal.  Cocktails were mixed perfectly. Grilled figs were great. Filet mignon recommended - mashed potatoes and veggies were perfect accompaniment. Tuna w/ purple potatoes: Tuna was great - ham and corn puree was amazing.  Can I order some Tasso Ham to go please? Dessert: Pineapple upside-down cake to die for. Seriously addictive chocolate cake. Next time were up there we are definitely going again.
Logistics led us to the Hudson Valley for my wife's 50th birthday surprise dinner and a long search for a special venue in the region led us to the Palette.  The food and staff at AP made a special evening even more memorable.  First, the food.  All guests enjoyed their meal.  We found the beet and goats cheese appetizer even better than the imaginative stuffed artichoke bottom.  The wild sockeye salmon and scallops were beautifully and freshly prepared.  The Caesar salad between courses was a delicious bonus. As much as we enjoyed the food it was the personal and caring service that made the restaurant even more special for my wife, for me and our assembled family and friends.  During the planning weeks ahead until the after dinner drinks the staff made us feel like they shared our sense of excitement for our event. Finally, the decor was tastefully modern, the warm brick and original copper ceiling complimented by attentive lighting and glass.  In short, if you live in the region we strongly recommend a trip to the Artists Palette.  If you live nearby, the Palette is a must!
This restaurant was recomended  to us by the front desk of our Inn. Because we were guests of the Inn, we were given the chef's table and complementary champagne. Definitely a good start. While the food was enjoyable, the service definitely needed speeding up. A two coarse meal did not need to take two hours to finish. Food wise, the lobster mac & cheese was memorable, while both tofu dishes that were ordered were not done well and went unfinished. The decor of the restaurant was perfection, with modern paintings, exposed brick, and mirrors. If you are visiting Poughkeepsie, I would reccomend eating here, mostly because it seems to be the best meal in town.
Great atmosphere. Food is delicious and refreshing. It was our first time. Will come back.
Great food, once again another  favorite here in NY. The atmosphere is really nice, and yes its pricey but definitely worth the money. The silverware is really decorative, the waiter is a student at the culinary and said that people do not like the silverware, but I happen to think they are creative and perfect for tasting your food, and different, which means not the same old old silverware you see everywhere else! You try the duck it was amazing, and the dessert sampler!
The ultimate compliment to a restaurant is that you become the standard by which everything else is judged. The Artist Palate is that standard for the Hudson Valley.  The menu blends seasonal dishes with perpetual favorites and there is always a dish or two featuring an ingredient uncommon to the area. Everything is always awesome. We find ourselves coming back to the Artist Palate time and again and each visit is always great.
This place was a big disappointment! The service was slow and all the food looked gray. The food was very bland and screamed out for salt. I saw many dishes sent back to the kitchen. If you decide to waste your money on this place bring your own salt shaker.
Beautiful decor. Friendly owner and staff. Exquisite meal. Had soft shell crabs. Highly recommend.
We found this restaurant 3 years ago when we were looking for someone to cater our wedding. We couldn't have been happier with their catering and continue coming here as often as we can. The food is always delicious and the service is impeccable.
Nice modern decor and tablewares. Excellent service. Osso bucco here can feed two people. Little underseasoned.
Can't say enough good about this restaurant.  Had wonderful food.. still remember the blue cheese coleslaw and portobello fries :)  Also amazingly helpful with their extensive local beer & liquor selection.  So much so that we used them to cater our wedding.  Along with their wonderful hostess, and the great local food it made for an amazing day.   My only wish is that their place would open on Sundays...
The Artist's Palate was fabulous tonight. I haven't had a bad meal here. The dinnerware is stylish. Good food prepared by Meghan & Charlie.  Love it here.  Met friends and everyone enjoyed the food.  I was frantic that there wasn't salt & pepper on the table and then realized I didn't need any!!
I went here for the first time with my coworker last week.  We stopped by for lunch one day.   We shared the zucchini appetizer and split a vegetarian pannini.  It was very good!   We were both quite pleased with the food.  Several other items on the menu looked wonderful and I am sure we will go back.   The service was friendly.   We also liked the decor. My coworker liked it so much she went back the next day and took two others.
Will never come here again. Went there a while ago. Service was slow and unfriendly. The owner at one point came out and was yelling at the other employees. A terrible experience.
Had a wonderful dinner at The Artist's Palate 2 weeks ago at the recommendation of the Buttermilk Falls Inn & Spa just across the Hudson River.  The ambience is upscale  yet comfortable and has an open kitchen with delicious aromas filling the space.  Chef Megan is very warm and engaging and clearly loves what she does - creating unique combinations of flavors with beautiful presentation and style.  The menu is eclectic and changes every few weeks.  Our fish dishes were delicious, well prepared and plentiful!  We loved the chef's selection prior to our appetizer - a salmon croquette, nice touch!  Our waiter was attentive and pleasant.  Overall, a great dining experience - we will return...EKB
We had a wonderful meal here.  An inventive and delicious menu, attentive service and a nice conversation with the chef (Meghan).  As an extra bonus (and worthy of at least an extra star), the staff went out of their way to ensure my toddler had a large dish of vanilla ice-cream even when their freezer wasn't working.
Been here twice and both times the food was amazing.
For Valentine's Day I took my wife here for dinner.  I could hear people complimenting the chef on how wonderful the food was as we waited to be served.  The wait was a bit of a long one just to get drinks and place our order.  We started off with oysters which were fresh and very tasty.  After enjoying fresh oysters and hearing all the compliments to the chef on how great the food was by other patrons I now had high hopes for dinner.  I had the baked sea bass and my wife had the grouper.  I guess our diner must have come from someplace else as the potatoes with my meal where not cooked and my fish was overcooked.  To add insult to injury the meal was so salty that it tasted like the ocean that the sea bass once swam in.  Establishments like this are why I would rather stay home and eat as my wife is an excellent cook.  As good a cook as she is though she deserves to be treated to those special times out but does not need to be served up an insulting plate of food.  The three stars are based on atmosphere, fresh oysters, good wine and cocktails.  If this was based on the dinner I would have given it one star.
Despite the Culinary Institute of America's proximity to Poughkeepsie, there is an absence of great food in the Downtown Poughkeepsie.   Always on the hunt for good fine dining eats within walking distance to downtown Pok,  I am often disappointed.  Until now.  The Artist's Palate stands alone for quality, seasonal, fine dining in Poktown. A pair of chef's run this fine establishment, one a long-time veteran of the Italian Cultural Center, and one a CIA grad.  They have an extensive custom cocktail menu; a selection of fine scotches and wine list.  They are soon to expand into small plates and a wine bar next door. This time around we enjoyed the Clean Slate (Hudson Valley duck and foie gras pate with black truffles and port, toasted brioche, cornichons and imported dijon with pickled shallot) as an appetizer.  As a bottle of white wine was delivered to our table I quickly switched my entree from the Dry-Aged NY Strip to the Duck Breast atop cornbread stuffing and finished with fresh tart cherries and port.  This was a well executed dish that made me happy. I will be back, and next time, darn it, I will in fact get to a red meat entree . . .
Really enjoyed the food, the service was outstanding, very nice waitressing. i had fish, it was very well done!!!!!!!!!! wine was great
Yes! It was delicious! I loved the small setting with modern decor. The bar is just the right size for the venue. I also like the staff very knowledgeable and professional. The portions were good. I think it fits the brand new vibe that Poughkeepsie is trying to create.
I loved the kangaroo here. Overall, the place was great.
This restaurant is unique in that they are trying to sell their high-dining image in the middle of a run-down city. The food here is good but it doesn't have the imaginative menu to match the interior styling.  It does not live up to the hype and is not worth the price of admission. I would recommend Shadows on the Hudson or the CIA over this place.
This was a delicious choice for dining in Poughkeepsie. Having seen the owner of the restaurant on "Chopped," we opted to dine at The Artist's Palate while on a business trip to the area. We both ordered the flank steak which was delicious and perfectly cooked with a delightful chimichurri . My selection of sauteed baby spinach as a sub for the mashed potatoes was seasoned perfectly and also delicious. The service was good with a personal visit from the owner/chef during our main course. I highly recommend this restaurant.
I loved this place!   Our food was fantastic.  I never finish my food and here I cleared every plate put in front of me.   We had top notch service as well. Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and overall was light years ahead of other restaurants we've been to lately. I have nothing bad to say about my evening here!
We dinned there this past Saturday. The restaurant is elegantly decorated and the atmosphere one of eating in a vibrant and lively fine arts museum. Our server was extremely busy but still found some way to be super attentive to us. The food was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. The whole experience was simply amazing and I can hardly wait till our next dining experience there..
We had a delightful meal at this upbeat, well appointed, and well managed restaurant.  Our muscle appetizer was well prepared and sported a delicious white wine sauce.  The bread was the surprise of the meal.  Spread with an olive oil garlic mixture and toasted over a grill flame it was excellent by itself or as a vehicle for dipping - we asked for seconds.  My swordfish entree was cooked to perfection, with delightful side vegetables.  My wife's Mahi Mahi, while well prepared, was less appetizing.  It was more the choice of fish type than preparation.  We both recommend this restaurant and will return the next time we are in town.
The Artist's Palate sometimes delivers, sometimes does not. I remember when they first opened, the lobster mac and cheese was outstanding--big chunks of lobster and an amazing sauce that tasted of lobster shells---so so good. On a recent trip I ordered the dish again and I was like "whhhaaa???" Nearly no lobster meat and I felt ripped off. It was like they put it on the top so you could see it but there was none in the dish. Good grief. I've had a few good meals here and a few bad ones. The drinks are nice though. And the ambiance is enjoyable-nyc hip. Nice to see in good ol' PK. I'd go again for sure. Just wished it was more consistent.
I've been here about half a dozen times and tried to give this place many chances, but after this many tries I just have to give up on the place. It's a shame because the chic decor and ambient mood lighting makes one excited about dining here and because good restaurants are so spread out in this area. Past meals at this place have been so-so, but this last meal sent me over the edge. I ordered the pan seared scallops with rice and vegetables, which came with a house salad. When the salads arrived, the greens were wilted and doused in salad dressing. I couldn't eat more than a few bites. When the entree arrived I was hopeful, but severely disappointed. The four large scallops that were evenly spaced around a mound of rice and stir fry veggies, on top of a ring of what was described in the menu as a "trio of sauces," were extremely salty! I wasn't able to eat most of that meal either and simply gave up halfway through and swore to myself never to go back for a meal, no matter what work-related social outing might be happening there. My colleagues seem to think that the drinks are good there and that they have a decent happy hour. If I ever go back, it might be to try out their cocktails but I'm definitely not putting myself through a seventh mediocre or overly-salted meal, especially with the prices they charge. $25 for 4 too-salty scallops sitting in a ring of what tasted like mayo with too much soy sauce? No thanks.
My experience here for a business lunch over the summer was just ok. I ordered seared tuna which was really overcooked and that just ruins tuna for me. Interior is nice and everyone I was with seemed happy so maybe it was just an off dish? I am always willing to give a place a second try.
Our experience at the Artist Palate is always a wonderful delectable evening. Once you step inside you feel like you have left Poughkeepsie.   the creativity and blending of the different flavors simply makes you moan!  i truly dont know how Megan does it,  The menu changes often, so every visit is a new adventure.  The staff is so very attentive to all your needs.  Jason was our server who took the time to explain every course and how each dish is prepared. I only wish I had more than 5 stars to rate this restaurant!
My wife and I come here for special occasions because the food is reliably excellent and the service is always wonderful.  The amuse bouche gifted by the chef is a delight to the palate, and the wine and drink list has something refreshing, delicious, and out of the ordinary each time we visit.  We love the place not only for the food, but for the atmosphere; the artwork changes periodically, providing something new and different to explore, the music is eclectic and never too invasive, and the general vibe among the staff is attentive and relaxed.  We have often remarked that you can taste the love in the food and that this is one of the few places we've encountered that has consistently gotten better with each passing year.
Everyone at our table was very happy with the food.  We had the Short Rib, Pork, Bolognese, and Murray's Chicken.  It was all well prepared and very flavorful.  Desserts a little lacking.  I have a pet peeve about restaurants putting sugar on top and calling it Creme Brûlée.  We all liked the Pineapple Upside Down cake. The only bummer of the night was the service.  I think our server was new.  When we asked questions, she gave the wrong answers.  She didn't want to seem like she didn't know the answer, so she just made something up instead of asking.  Luckily we didn't have someone with a food allergy.
Ate here for the first time tonight, had almost everything on the menu. Lobster Mac and cheese, beef tartar, tuna, mushroom in filo, cheese plate, some pasta, short ribs, salad, pineapple upside-down cake, sorbet, port, a bottle of wine,  felafel, and I'm sure I'm missing something. Would have liked to try the duck, foie gras, antelope, or venison, but none of those were available tonight... Overall it's a good restaurant for the price, and one of the best I have been to in the Hudson valley.
One of Poughkeepsie's best kitchens. Eclectic "New American" menu.
Stopped here for lunch with my parents on our way to Rhinebeck. We looked at a lot of places and chose here, as it seemed like a cuisine we would like. We all wanted something light and had salads and sandwiches. We were pleased with our food. The decor was beautiful.
Flavorful, colorful, beautiful meal. Warm and engaging owner. Great space.
This is an excellent restaurant.  The service is efficient and professional, but friendly.  The space is contemporary but preserves the nice brick wall.   The mirrored bit of wall (which is often a cheesy touch) is a well-conceived design element that creates a sense of space.  The table spacing is comfortable and the noise level and music are fine for conversation.  Overall, the ambiance creates nice energy.  The food is quite good.  Little touches add a lot and small surprises and bursts of flavor and texture take the food above the ordinary.  As a vegetarian, many restaurants can be dicey for me or at least boring.  Artist's Palate has a few tofu dishes, which is nice.  The udon bowl was quite good. A bit under seasoned, but they brought me a salt shaker and all was well.  I'd rather start with a tad less salt anyway.  My wife eats everything and all the fish and meat is reportedly excellent.  It certainly looks great.  The wine list could move up a notch in scope and depth, but this is often a tough balancing act for smaller restaurants.  I'll focus more on the wine on my next visit, which will be soon.  This is a restaurant that works hard to get it right and it truly deserves attention.
Outstanding!  Had a wonderful dinner, would recommend to all.
Sort of predictable neo-American fare, but it was pretty good? My wife had lobster & macaroni & cheese; that sounded really good in theory. She liked it, I didn't care for it-- not because of anything besides preference though. Kira had some kind of salad which looked okay? It wasn't what I wanted. I had a pork sandwich & it was actually really good; you know, a decent pork sandwich is good by itself, but this was pretty ace. We also split some zucchini fries with sun dried tomato aioli which I liked a lot.
We just went here on Friday night with a large group to celebrate my nephew's graduation.  We were traveling with grandparents and it took us longer to get there than we realized.  My nephew contacted them to tell them we would be 15 minutes late.  The reservation was for 6:00.  We were told by the rude hostess that if we weren't there by 6:15 we would lose our table.  We drove like maniacs to get there and arrived at 6:16. We were greeted with a terrible attitude from the hostess, but all was well and we were just happy that we made it.  While eating our dinner, I noticed that there were at least 6, large empty tables around us that stayed empty the entire time we were there.  It makes me so angry that we were treated so rudely when the place wasn't even full.
Great decor. Excellent service. NYC quality restaurant. We had the halibut and pomodoro with shrimp. Everything was great   Desert sampler was fantastic.
We read the other reviews and tried this on our recent trip to the Hudson Valley. We were pretty disappointed in the food, which was flavorless and in one case not cooked. We shared the crispy tofu, one of the specialties they've been serving for years, and it was bland. Dipping in the ponzu sauce just made it salty. My swordfish also lacked flavor, and my husband's pork chop, which came highly recommended, needed another 5 minutes on the fire. We ended up having dessert across the street at Brasserie 292, which is so much better. Perhaps it was an off-night, but the restaurant only had three tables filled so I would have expected better dishes coming from the kitchen. The waitresses were both great -- very accommodating.
A very gracious staff, friendly owner and great food at a reasonable price. Quite a find for 'out of towners' looking for a bite in an unfamiliar city.
Especially thoughtful food. Wine list includes helpful links to food items, and includes many wines by the glass.
This place totally exceeded our high expectations! Perfect for my wife's birthday dinner.  Staff was friendly, not overly attentive. Great atmosphere, solid modern decor with thoughtful ambient lighting. Tuna tartar amuse bouche was a very inviting start to the meal.  Cocktails were mixed perfectly. Grilled figs were great. Filet mignon recommended - mashed potatoes and veggies were perfect accompaniment. Tuna w/ purple potatoes: Tuna was great - ham and corn puree was amazing.  Can I order some Tasso Ham to go please? Dessert: Pineapple upside-down cake to die for. Seriously addictive chocolate cake. Next time were up there we are definitely going again.
what a beautiful space, and menu
Logistics led us to the Hudson Valley for my wife's 50th birthday surprise dinner and a long search for a special venue in the region led us to the Palette.  The food and staff at AP made a special evening even more memorable.  First, the food.  All guests enjoyed their meal.  We found the beet and goats cheese appetizer even better than the imaginative stuffed artichoke bottom.  The wild sockeye salmon and scallops were beautifully and freshly prepared.  The Caesar salad between courses was a delicious bonus. As much as we enjoyed the food it was the personal and caring service that made the restaurant even more special for my wife, for me and our assembled family and friends.  During the planning weeks ahead until the after dinner drinks the staff made us feel like they shared our sense of excitement for our event. Finally, the decor was tastefully modern, the warm brick and original copper ceiling complimented by attentive lighting and glass.  In short, if you live in the region we strongly recommend a trip to the Artists Palette.  If you live nearby, the Palette is a must!
I'm from Rhinebeck and have to say this matches Arielle which I consider the best in the village. A friend and I meet for lunch on Thursday and enjoyed everything. I'll agree with others that the service was a little pokey. The restaurant is definitely up to NYC standards except for the service. Keep improving there and thanks for the great meal.
This restaurant was recomended  to us by the front desk of our Inn. Because we were guests of the Inn, we were given the chef's table and complementary champagne. Definitely a good start. While the food was enjoyable, the service definitely needed speeding up. A two coarse meal did not need to take two hours to finish. Food wise, the lobster mac & cheese was memorable, while both tofu dishes that were ordered were not done well and went unfinished. The decor of the restaurant was perfection, with modern paintings, exposed brick, and mirrors. If you are visiting Poughkeepsie, I would reccomend eating here, mostly because it seems to be the best meal in town.
Decided to try another CIA graduate establishment. We enjoyed the modern interior very hip although a tad noisy. Very busy dinner time (Marist Parents weekend) We ordered the antipasta platter and loved the tasty samplings of cheese and meats. Our dinners were hot and excellently prepared ranging from the shortribs, sirloin, pistachio crusted scallops(my fav) and grilled halibut. My family also liked the chance to try small arrangements of the dessert sampler. LOVED the key lime and little choc cake. Enjoyed our dinner and will return! :)
Great atmosphere. Food is delicious and refreshing. It was our first time. Will come back.
Not thrilled about the location ...the city of Poughkeepsie.  However, the service was EXCELLENT and the food was really good.  A little expensive, but a nice place for a night out.  Would recommend it and will be going back.
Great food, once again another  favorite here in NY. The atmosphere is really nice, and yes its pricey but definitely worth the money. The silverware is really decorative, the waiter is a student at the culinary and said that people do not like the silverware, but I happen to think they are creative and perfect for tasting your food, and different, which means not the same old old silverware you see everywhere else! You try the duck it was amazing, and the dessert sampler!
We love our newest find in downtown Poughkeepsie and will eagerly go back. The decor is sleek and attractive; we were greeted warmly by the wait staff, even though we arrived early after visiting the lovely Vassar College art museum. We had a hard time deciding what to eat because of so many choices but while we waited we were served a lovely little amuse bouche of tuna with noodles. We decided to share a generous-sized green salad. Bread is the least interesting part of the meal but it's served with a nice tomato basil spread that was quickly replenished. The wine and mixed drink we ordered were great, and the staff regularly checked on our needs and water but without fawning. Before our main courses arrived, the chef/owner came by to see how we were doing and schmooze, and asked for our honest opinions as we discussed the merits of reviews on Yelp. Here goes--we each loved our courses--a fresh trout with crabmeat, black rice and fresh veggies, and scallops served with black rice, great mushrooms and a very light cream sauce with some brandy. We had no room for dessert but had some anyway because of a birthday boy needing to celebrate. The pineapple upside cake was terrific, served warm, with caramel sauce and a dab of fresh whipped cream with mint--and a candle. The staff surprised us with a chocolate cake to take home. The bill was very reasonable for all we ate $94 and we definitely can't wait to come back. We need a good diet, however. A nice extra is that lunch is served with salads, sandwiches, burgers, soups, and we wish the owners would put the burger on the dinner menu so we can come here also for light bites. A GREAT FIND with the best ingredient--warm, caring, quality service and food.
The ultimate compliment to a restaurant is that you become the standard by which everything else is judged. The Artist Palate is that standard for the Hudson Valley.  The menu blends seasonal dishes with perpetual favorites and there is always a dish or two featuring an ingredient uncommon to the area. Everything is always awesome. We find ourselves coming back to the Artist Palate time and again and each visit is always great.
My girlfriend and I shared one of the most amazing dining experiences here together.  To start off, we were treated with Yellowfin Tuna Tar Tar which was super light and refreshing.  Sesame seeds added extra crunch and texture which was very nice.  For appetizer, we had one of the most delicious mussels in the world, soaked in butter, chunky tomato sauce spiced up with garlic bits which came with a nice piece of toasted bread.  We both ordered a rib-eye for main which was probably the least exciting dish of the menu.  The outside should have been charred more for texture and it was cooked more rare than medium rare.  Lastly, the dessert! We were one of the very last customers in the restaurant and the chef came out of the kitchen with a big old smile and literally just took away the menu from our hands.  A moment later, he came back with a complimentary dessert sampler which was a pleasant surprise.  Furthermore, the owner treated us with a free glass of red wine as well as port wine which was very kind of him.  Obviously, these guys are extremely passionate and proud of what they are doing, and for how much they are charging for their food, it is absolutely undervalued.  After getting a tour of the sister restaurant called canvas which is next door, the owner sent us off with a bottle of sparkling rose.   We did get a lot of gifts here HOWEVER I would call this a five star establishment at a heart beat without receiving any.  I mean, what kind of restaurant waits until 1:30 am for the last customer to finish? (at least in the area where everything closes early) Would love to go back soon when in the area.
This place was a big disappointment! The service was slow and all the food looked gray. The food was very bland and screamed out for salt. I saw many dishes sent back to the kitchen. If you decide to waste your money on this place bring your own salt shaker.
Beautiful decor. Friendly owner and staff. Exquisite meal. Had soft shell crabs. Highly recommend.
We found this restaurant 3 years ago when we were looking for someone to cater our wedding. We couldn't have been happier with their catering and continue coming here as often as we can. The food is always delicious and the service is impeccable.
Nice modern decor and tablewares. Excellent service. Osso bucco here can feed two people. Little underseasoned.
Can't say enough good about this restaurant.  Had wonderful food.. still remember the blue cheese coleslaw and portobello fries :)  Also amazingly helpful with their extensive local beer & liquor selection.  So much so that we used them to cater our wedding.  Along with their wonderful hostess, and the great local food it made for an amazing day.   My only wish is that their place would open on Sundays...
The Artist's Palate was fabulous tonight. I haven't had a bad meal here. The dinnerware is stylish. Good food prepared by Meghan & Charlie.  Love it here.  Met friends and everyone enjoyed the food.  I was frantic that there wasn't salt & pepper on the table and then realized I didn't need any!!
I went here for the first time with my coworker last week.  We stopped by for lunch one day.   We shared the zucchini appetizer and split a vegetarian pannini.  It was very good!   We were both quite pleased with the food.  Several other items on the menu looked wonderful and I am sure we will go back.   The service was friendly.   We also liked the decor. My coworker liked it so much she went back the next day and took two others.
Will never come here again. Went there a while ago. Service was slow and unfriendly. The owner at one point came out and was yelling at the other employees. A terrible experience.
Had a wonderful dinner at The Artist's Palate 2 weeks ago at the recommendation of the Buttermilk Falls Inn & Spa just across the Hudson River.  The ambience is upscale  yet comfortable and has an open kitchen with delicious aromas filling the space.  Chef Megan is very warm and engaging and clearly loves what she does - creating unique combinations of flavors with beautiful presentation and style.  The menu is eclectic and changes every few weeks.  Our fish dishes were delicious, well prepared and plentiful!  We loved the chef's selection prior to our appetizer - a salmon croquette, nice touch!  Our waiter was attentive and pleasant.  Overall, a great dining experience - we will return...EKB
We had a wonderful meal here.  An inventive and delicious menu, attentive service and a nice conversation with the chef (Meghan).  As an extra bonus (and worthy of at least an extra star), the staff went out of their way to ensure my toddler had a large dish of vanilla ice-cream even when their freezer wasn't working.
Been here twice and both times the food was amazing.
For Valentine's Day I took my wife here for dinner.  I could hear people complimenting the chef on how wonderful the food was as we waited to be served.  The wait was a bit of a long one just to get drinks and place our order.  We started off with oysters which were fresh and very tasty.  After enjoying fresh oysters and hearing all the compliments to the chef on how great the food was by other patrons I now had high hopes for dinner.  I had the baked sea bass and my wife had the grouper.  I guess our diner must have come from someplace else as the potatoes with my meal where not cooked and my fish was overcooked.  To add insult to injury the meal was so salty that it tasted like the ocean that the sea bass once swam in.  Establishments like this are why I would rather stay home and eat as my wife is an excellent cook.  As good a cook as she is though she deserves to be treated to those special times out but does not need to be served up an insulting plate of food.  The three stars are based on atmosphere, fresh oysters, good wine and cocktails.  If this was based on the dinner I would have given it one star.
Flavorful, colorful, beautiful meal. Warm and engaging owner. Great space.
Outstanding!  Had a wonderful dinner, would recommend to all.
We just went here on Friday night with a large group to celebrate my nephew's graduation.  We were traveling with grandparents and it took us longer to get there than we realized.  My nephew contacted them to tell them we would be 15 minutes late.  The reservation was for 6:00.  We were told by the rude hostess that if we weren't there by 6:15 we would lose our table.  We drove like maniacs to get there and arrived at 6:16. We were greeted with a terrible attitude from the hostess, but all was well and we were just happy that we made it.  While eating our dinner, I noticed that there were at least 6, large empty tables around us that stayed empty the entire time we were there.  It makes me so angry that we were treated so rudely when the place wasn't even full.
We read the other reviews and tried this on our recent trip to the Hudson Valley. We were pretty disappointed in the food, which was flavorless and in one case not cooked. We shared the crispy tofu, one of the specialties they've been serving for years, and it was bland. Dipping in the ponzu sauce just made it salty. My swordfish also lacked flavor, and my husband's pork chop, which came highly recommended, needed another 5 minutes on the fire. We ended up having dessert across the street at Brasserie 292, which is so much better. Perhaps it was an off-night, but the restaurant only had three tables filled so I would have expected better dishes coming from the kitchen. The waitresses were both great -- very accommodating.
Especially thoughtful food. Wine list includes helpful links to food items, and includes many wines by the glass.
what a beautiful space, and menu
I'm from Rhinebeck and have to say this matches Arielle which I consider the best in the village. A friend and I meet for lunch on Thursday and enjoyed everything. I'll agree with others that the service was a little pokey. The restaurant is definitely up to NYC standards except for the service. Keep improving there and thanks for the great meal.
Decided to try another CIA graduate establishment. We enjoyed the modern interior very hip although a tad noisy. Very busy dinner time (Marist Parents weekend) We ordered the antipasta platter and loved the tasty samplings of cheese and meats. Our dinners were hot and excellently prepared ranging from the shortribs, sirloin, pistachio crusted scallops(my fav) and grilled halibut. My family also liked the chance to try small arrangements of the dessert sampler. LOVED the key lime and little choc cake. Enjoyed our dinner and will return! :)
Not thrilled about the location ...the city of Poughkeepsie.  However, the service was EXCELLENT and the food was really good.  A little expensive, but a nice place for a night out.  Would recommend it and will be going back.
We love our newest find in downtown Poughkeepsie and will eagerly go back. The decor is sleek and attractive; we were greeted warmly by the wait staff, even though we arrived early after visiting the lovely Vassar College art museum. We had a hard time deciding what to eat because of so many choices but while we waited we were served a lovely little amuse bouche of tuna with noodles. We decided to share a generous-sized green salad. Bread is the least interesting part of the meal but it's served with a nice tomato basil spread that was quickly replenished. The wine and mixed drink we ordered were great, and the staff regularly checked on our needs and water but without fawning. Before our main courses arrived, the chef/owner came by to see how we were doing and schmooze, and asked for our honest opinions as we discussed the merits of reviews on Yelp. Here goes--we each loved our courses--a fresh trout with crabmeat, black rice and fresh veggies, and scallops served with black rice, great mushrooms and a very light cream sauce with some brandy. We had no room for dessert but had some anyway because of a birthday boy needing to celebrate. The pineapple upside cake was terrific, served warm, with caramel sauce and a dab of fresh whipped cream with mint--and a candle. The staff surprised us with a chocolate cake to take home. The bill was very reasonable for all we ate $94 and we definitely can't wait to come back. We need a good diet, however. A nice extra is that lunch is served with salads, sandwiches, burgers, soups, and we wish the owners would put the burger on the dinner menu so we can come here also for light bites. A GREAT FIND with the best ingredient--warm, caring, quality service and food.
My girlfriend and I shared one of the most amazing dining experiences here together.  To start off, we were treated with Yellowfin Tuna Tar Tar which was super light and refreshing.  Sesame seeds added extra crunch and texture which was very nice.  For appetizer, we had one of the most delicious mussels in the world, soaked in butter, chunky tomato sauce spiced up with garlic bits which came with a nice piece of toasted bread.  We both ordered a rib-eye for main which was probably the least exciting dish of the menu.  The outside should have been charred more for texture and it was cooked more rare than medium rare.  Lastly, the dessert! We were one of the very last customers in the restaurant and the chef came out of the kitchen with a big old smile and literally just took away the menu from our hands.  A moment later, he came back with a complimentary dessert sampler which was a pleasant surprise.  Furthermore, the owner treated us with a free glass of red wine as well as port wine which was very kind of him.  Obviously, these guys are extremely passionate and proud of what they are doing, and for how much they are charging for their food, it is absolutely undervalued.  After getting a tour of the sister restaurant called canvas which is next door, the owner sent us off with a bottle of sparkling rose.   We did get a lot of gifts here HOWEVER I would call this a five star establishment at a heart beat without receiving any.  I mean, what kind of restaurant waits until 1:30 am for the last customer to finish? (at least in the area where everything closes early) Would love to go back soon when in the area.
