UPDATE: Since I enjoyed the food and beer so much the last time, in spite of the horrific service I decided to give Schatzi's another try. The waiter was very friendly and helpful, much unlike the waitress we had previously. Once again, I really enjoyed the food and beer. Huge difference in experience over last time. I would now not hesitate to recommend Schatzi's.  I'm bringing it up from 2 stars to 4 stars. I just had dinner here with my wife and two kids. Let me start out by saying that if this review was based on the quality of the food and the beer, the rating would be five stars.I had a Hofbrau Dunkel German beer. It was exceptional. We tried a variety of share plates. We got the tacos, pierogi and Parmesan fries. They all left us dying for more. And this is where the two star rating comes in. The service was absolutely horrendous. We had a blond waitress that right from the get-go seemed like she was not the least bit interested in serving us. I asked her to recommend a beer that went with my food, and she made a face at me and told me that all of them do. Ok. Once the food was brought out, it was obvious that it was not going to be enough for us. We wanted to order some more, and get some more beer. Except that the waitress never came back to refill our drinks or ask us how things were going. We waited for over 30 minutes and she never came back to even offer us the check. I had to go and ask somebody else for it. If she had come back and asked, we would've easily added another $30 to the check. If only because of how much I enjoyed the food, I will probably give this restaurant another shot. Maybe not if it's the same waitress. Beware the blond waitress.
Staying overnight in Poughkeepsie for a night, we had slim pickings for a good dinner spot. Sure, there were a few good-looking places that turned up from some Yelping, and I'm glad I picked Schatzi's from the few, which turned out to provide a very satisfying and enjoyable meal. As it was a nice warm summer night, we of course chose to sit in the backyard garden area, which was beautiful. Aside from the large open empty garage and a port-o-potty off to the side, it was as pleasant an atmosphere as you could hope to dine in, and a complete 180 from the darker bar vibe indoors. They have the type of menu I love - plenty of beige and meaty options, with this one mostly dominated by appetizers and finger food and just sausages and a few sandwiches for the mains. We ordered a ton of delicious stuff: - Warm Bavarian Pretzels ($7 for 3) Everyone gets these, and with good reason, as they were the best of the starters we got. The 3 pretzels, in the form of long pretzel rolls, were piping hot and soft, with just the right amount of salt. These are a must. - Grown Up Tots ($8 for 5) These are nothing like normal tots, but are delicious nonetheless. Described as potato dumplings, they are filled with braised pork belly, cheddar cheese and onions. They are large pieces, with 5 in an order, and were also extremely hot and crispy, just the way fried food should be. - Chili Dusted Wings ($8) These were pretty good. They give you quite a generous portion with this huge plate of wings, which have a ton of flavor from the chili seasoning. - Bauernwurst Sausage Sandwich ($8) This was excellent. Definitely the specialty here, as they have a whole section of the menu devoted to different sausage varieties, this was great even though I don't particularly enjoy sausages. I think the delicious, soft pretzel bun helped a lot. - Schatzi Burger ($15) This is one of those burgers that tries to shock, and just goes a little over the top. The thick, slightly overcooked and under seasoned patty is topped with a huge hunk of crispy pork belly, melted cheddar, and a big mushy potato pancake, all slathered in the bright pink Schatzi's sauce, and served on a toasted pretzel bun. I think if they went simple and focused on cooking that meat better and eliminating the pork and pancake, it could be a great burger. In this form though, it's just a bit of a mess. - Stout Cheesecake ($8) One of two dessert options available, this chocolate cheesecake had way too heavy an alcoholic flavor for me. I should've expected that given the focus on beer here, but it was just an unpleasant amount in the cake. Order more appetizers and skip dessert. Service was very friendly, but about as attentive as you would expect at a busy bar. We had to flag down our servers every now and then, mostly for more water and napkins to deal with the salty, messy starters, but they were very accommodating and pleasant. Next time I'm in Poughkeepsie for whatever reason, I would definitely return here for some more delicious beige.
I've been back several times and now I feel guilty for my original review... Yes, I still hold a grudge about the Sauerbraten but I have had nothing but a great time every time I've been back. It is now my favorite place. I can honestly say, "I highly recommend it." Happy 1 year anniversary!
This place is just plain made of win.  Amazing food, amazing beer selection.  I wish I could come here more often.  Don't miss the burger, it's incredible.
I feel like kicking myself after writing my last review. I'm changing my star rating based on my last few visits. If I could rate the food alone that would get a solid 5 stars. Everything is delicious. The service is horrendous. My last waitress really left a bad impression. When anyone ordered a beer, they were brought a different one than ordered. This was because 1) they ran out  and/or 2) the bartender didn't want to pour that one. This was honestly what was told to us. When prices range from $7-$12 a beer, customers should be informed of the change. Again the food was brought out one plate at a time. When everyone orders food together they should be served together, especially when we are spending $15 for a hamburger or $8 for pretzels. When the bill was brought out, we asked it could be split. The waitress asked US to split it since she had no idea what we ordered. I couldn't believe that we were asked to split our own bill. Or that she had no idea what we ordered. And because we were not told what beers were given to us, we had no idea if we were over charged or not. So we split our $200 bill, unknowing if it was correct or not. There was no manager to be found. And the bartender (the one with the mohawk) and two bouncers where extremely rude when we walked out. I thought this was suppose to be a chic bar attracting classy people. My suggestion: Lower your prices if you want to give this type of service, then people won't expect much from you. Very sad they went downhill fast. It's too bad - I cannot support a business that is content with treating customers this way.
Delicious food & constantly changing beer selection. Very nice staff, love the outdoor patio seating &  prices are totally fair. Definitely a place to check out if you're in the area. I bet you'll be back ;)
This is hands down my favorite place in the Hudson Valley. They have a great burger and a whole bunch of awesome bar food. The adult tater tots are probably my favorite. Actually, the entire menu is just my favorite. They also run their beer through fruits and herbs to make it more flavorful sometimes and it's pretty cool. I would go here every day if I lived closer.
Keeping it very simple . Been here a few times,  same thing everytime .  Food is decent ,beer selection is fantastic and service is all around terrible. The forty year old bartender with the mo hawk that has nothing but rude and smart ass things  to say . The waitress's are clueless not knowing anything about the beer they try to sell or even knowing if the have it or not . The so called security staff lurk in the dark corners giving nasty looks making you feel uncomfortable . To top everything off they have one bathroom, but hey they post a sign on it to let men know there is a Porta potty outside we can use . Thats exactly what I want to do when 90 percent of your menu is food you eat with your hands is to use a Porta potty . Probably would never go back. To many other places to go to in Poughkeepsie
Cool little beer garden with outdoor seating on the back. The food on their menu was very good and a little quirky. A nice place to stop into if you want something new.
Great beer selection & delicious food too! Sitting outside, you'd never know you're still on Main Street in Poughkeepsie! It's our first visit but won't be our last!
I think I should just provide a quick update: Schatzi's is, hands-down, my favorite watering hole in town. The food is awesome. The taps change frequently and are always both interesting and good. The bar staff is great. I just dig it all. One important thing to note: they've gone to a "pub" menu on the weekends, and the full menu during the weekdays. The pub menu is essentially all small plates -- apps and sliders and whatnot. I'm not sure I understand this, but I was there on Fri night and didn't leave hungry. Just kept ordering food and drinks all night. Yeah, the Yankees got blown out 16-1...but I can hardly deduct a star off Schatzi's for that. Or can I?
Of all the places to have a drink/bite2eat in the hudson valley THIS IS THE GREATEST. The food, the service.... is incredible.  Beer selection top notch.  The head chef here is a god damn genius sent from heaven to show us the light!!!! Truck tacos all day!!!!
Good food a bit greasy. They have good beer and make good drinks. We felt hurried at the bar, staff seemed to take our food away while we were still eating.  Don't think would go again here.
Great selection of micro-brews & German beers on tap. Exposed gastro-pub kitchen with great food! Outdoor beer garden too! This place makes Po-Town cool!!!
Been there multiple times now, found some consistancies. Beer is consistently delicious, wide variety of hard to find beers with accurate descriptions to help familiarize the non experienced beer enthusiast. Consistently friendly service from all staff members, Emily rob, amber. ConsistAntly greeting and concerned for quality amongst his guests is owner Jeremy.  Apps are delicious and some must try's are the truck tacos and the fritters.  Finally sank my teeth into  a burger and a spicy brat, serving it on pretzel buns is perfect compliment to the sandwiches. If you want the burger, come hungry as it's no joke! Lol. Patio atmosphere is casual and comfortable. Only consistancy I'm not happy with is every visit they tell me what their out of! Stock up.. I want it all lol!
I love everything about this place. The food, the beers, the music, the atmosphere, and most importantly the staff. Schatzi's does everything right.
After a day of touring the Vanderbilt and FDR Mansions I turned to Yelp to help me find a place to have dinner. I am a tourist from Canada and came to Poughkeepsie on a day trip from Manhattan. I am so happy I decided to take a short walk up the hill from the train station to come here. The garden is so beautiful and like nothing you can get in Manhattan. The service was exceptional Joe, our waiter, was very professional and he left us thinking Schatzi's is a place I will recommend my friends to. The menu was full of very interesting and tempting food that left us trying to decide what to order because EVERYTHING is very unique. Very good draft beer selection and the taste of the food was everything I hoped for. Do yourself a favor and go to Poughkeepsie and after a day of sightseeing go to Schatzi's.
I have no idea why anybody would give this business anything more than 1 star. Just awful. 1. 88 degrees out and they keep the doors open and no air conditioning on. 2.  Either the seats are too low at the bar or the bar is too high. Very uncomfortable. 3. Bartender had no idea of the beers on tap. All he said was, "I don't know, I have been out for 3 weeks". We ordered the burger. Are you kidding me?? The worst burger I have ever had.  Number 1 on the worst burger list.  Impossible to eat. Mixed with pork belly, burger and some sort other thing on it. Just awful. I asked for the burger to be medium rare. It was well done.  Had the fries on the side. Or should I say I had the salt on the side.  To charge 17 bux for that burger, are you kidding me!!!  There was only 1 other couple at the other end of the bar. The bartender spend his time with them not once asking if all was ok or offering another beer. In fairness, go see for yourself. Too many other people love this place. I would never go back for anything.
Food was typical German pub food.  The service was horrible.   We were seated outside in the beer garden on a Sunday evening.   Our waitress had zero personality and her first sentence to us was to tell us what beer they were are out of and she walked away.   No greeting, not pleasant and made it clear to her friend seated next to us as to how tired she was.  She is one of the worst waitresses I have ever had wait on me.  I ordered a saison which was good, then ordered a Warsteiner Pilsner, a favorite of mine, and it was warm and very hoppy. I don't think it was a pilsner.  Did not like the atmosphere at all - kind of pretentious which is something I would not expect from a beer place in downtown Poughkeepsie.  The owner should be aware of his waitstaff as they are  just as important as the food and drink to many customers.  We will not be returning to this restaurant.
I came here with hubby a few nights ago- Sunday to be exact- and we opted to sit at the bar and just share a variety of apps and some good craft beer.  Schatzi's does have a full page beer menu- front and back- of the current selections on tap, something that another revewer commented of which was lacking during their visit last month.  You can also purchase an exclusive Schatzi's mug, personalized to you, and keep it stored on the premises for your return visits.   Purchasing your own mug entitles you to on-going beer special discounts.   Our bartender, Dave, was very amiable and attentive and a pleasure to chat with.  The extensive variety of ever-changing craft beer on tap is impressive and there is definitely something for everybody! The appetizers that we shared - "Grown-up Tator Tots", "Brussels", and "Soft Pretzels sticks w/ beer cheese sauce" were all outstanding!  We both REALLY enjoyed all of the dishes and the different beers we tired.  The brussels were a little greasy, but otherwise fantastic in flavor!  Who knew brussel sprouts could be THIS GOOD?  Dave, the bartender, was always quick to give us samples about which ever beer we asked about.   Unfortunately, two dudes (donning CIA attire) came in toward the end of our stay and sat down rather close to us at the bar (even though the entire bar was practially empty) and one of them thought it was appropriate to continually drop the "F - bomb" amongst other foul language without giving any thought to the fact that the other patrons may not want to hear the garbage spewing from his ignorant lips. My husband was getting ready to tell this creep to watch his mouth in front of a lady, but I asked him to just drop it as a jerk like that might think nothing of trying to quickly turn the matter into a fist fight!  Geez, I only came here for a couple of great beers, some nice apps and a good time w/my man!   The owner really should say something to an offensive patron like that. I believe that he, the owner, was sitting right there at the end of the bar next to the offensive one.  Yes, I know that Schatzi's IS A BAR, but it's a pretty nice place with a very nice bar, not some dump that shouldn't care less about luring-in a bunch of degenerates whom may hurt their newly blossiming business.
I would like to give 2.5 stars here but apparently that's not possible. Just keep that in mind. As a summary, I will say that I think this place has the potential to be a 4-star place, but needs refinement to get there. This place replaced Karma Lounge, which as far as I could tell just served really expensive drinks, but I digress. My companion and I saw a friend "check in" here, and I have a hard time turning down good German bread, so we gave it a try. We walked in with the intention of sitting out on the back porch; when we entered the restaurant we weren't acknowledged at all and there wasn't a "seat yourself" or "please wait to be seated" sign, so it was unclear. We slunk through the bar portion of the place and sat outside on the porch, which is always very nice; I'm always looking for good outdoor seating in the area. In terms of atmosphere - as it's almost mid-September, it was getting dark rather early, but no one offered to turn on any lights (even though there are rows and rows of street and hanging lights) until it was almost pitch black. In addition, there was a group of rowdy football fans in the back playing 'throw the sack in the hole' or something - I have no problem with people having a good time but it was kind of out of place for what was supposed to be a relaxed outdoor setting. We were promptly served by a young waitress. She was very nice and asked us for drink orders, but didn't distribute any drink menus. When I mentioned this, she gave me a piece of notebook paper with the beer selections written on it. It was my understanding that Schatzi's was advertising itself as a "Beer Haus", and this struck me as very odd. Surely it must be pretty simple to print up a set of beer menus with accurate descriptions of the offerings? I am not a beer afficianado, so I wasn't familiar with the choices offered. When I asked the waitress which one would be closest to a nice crisp pilsner, her answer was "I'm only 20, so I'll have to ask". Again, I have no issue with an underage server, but surely even someone who is not 21 can be knowledgable about the drinks her establishment offers. To her credit, the beer she brought me was really excellent; my partner had a margarita which she disliked. In terms of the overall menu, when my partner called Schatzi's to ask if they served a dinner menu, the answer was yes, but the menu reads like lunch fare - mostly fries and sandwiches. This is fine, but I felt a little misled. We then proceeded to order appetizers; "adult" tater tots, herb garlic fries, and hot pretzel bread. They were out of the hot pretzel, which was VERY disappointing - a German-themed restaurant that runs out out pretzel bread? I understand that it was Sunday night, but still. The adult tater-tots were outstanding, and should be advertised as the signature dish for this place in my opinion. The fries were excellent, very tasty and came with an excellent dipping sauce, but I've had similar elsewhere. For the main course, I had the burger with cheddar cheese on a pretzel bun, and my partner had the duck confit grilled cheese. I'll come right out and say that my partner very much disliked her dish, thinking back on it, a duck grilled cheese sandwich sounds like something that just should not be put together. Maybe this is a German dish I'm not aware of, not sure. My burger was prepared properly, and the pretzel bread was very good, but the bun itself was VERY greasy, and while I don't mind greasy food, it made the burger itself very difficult to eat - I eventually ended up eating the burger with a knife and fork and the bun separately. The bun was very tasty as mentioned, but again there's no reason for it to be so greasy. To the restaurant's credit, when my partner mentioned her dissatisfaction with her dish the manager/owner came out to offer to remove it from the bill; we declined this and paid the whole bill, since it wasn't like the dish was prepared poorly; we have no problem with paying for our food which we ordered. We definitely appreciated this gesture however, and I thank them for it. I only know of one other German restuarant in the area, Gunk Haus off of route 299 near New Paltz, and to be honest Gunk Haus's food crushes Schatzi's. As I metioned to start, Schatzi's is new, so I'm willing to cut them some slack and return for a lunch, but they really need to work on their menu refinement (and actually having all menus), server knowledge, and front door presence.
If you love beer you'll love schatzi's period. This place has amazing beers that they change up pretty regularly. Their beer menue is extensive and very descriptive which helps alot when making big life choices like what liter (yeah that's right, LITER!) of delicious craft beer to order. Their food is great too.  The burger is a little pricey but definitely worth it.
Best Reuben's ever! They use a corn beef brisket rather than sliced-delicious   The beer selection is great.
Having been to this location several times prior when it's been different restaurants, I'm very familiar with the property, which largely remains the same. Came on a weekend afternoon during nice weather so we could enjoy the outdoor setting, which now has a tent which is heated in the colder months - a nice touch if it actually stays warm enough. The beer list was very extensive and the two beers we had were delicious. We ordered a 10 oz Imperial stout and 1/2 liter of Dunkel dark lager, which were both $8. We were disappointed to find out that the full menu is only served during the week - and we were in the mood for a full lunch, since we visited at lunchtime on a Saturday.  We were told to order from the pub menu, which is the only thing available on weekends so the kitchen could keep up with food orders and get dishes out quicky.  Seems to me a talented and efficient kitchen staff should be able to do that no matter what - but oh well. We ordered 4 plates to share - pretzel bread and cheese $6, deviled eggs with smoked salmon, dill, chives and capers $6, mini franks with ale mustard, sauerkraut, red onion $7 and potato pancakes with diced apples and creme fraiche $6. The food was a bit slow coming out - but everything was fresh and delicious and the portions were good - more food that just a tapas plate.  The only thing I would have changed was making the potato pancakes a bit thinner and crispier. When the bill came they overcharged $1 on one beer - but when I mentioned it, the waitress  rectified it with no issue. Great new addition to Poughkeepsie and we will be back during the week to finally be able to order off the full menu.
I was here for an office Xmas party in 12/13. We had appetizers that were all very good & I had a great glass of Riesling to go with it. Nice place! Definitely want to return here!
i have heard only rave reviews about schatzis and after looking at the menu online i wanted the burger. i was craving a one tonight and the place was on my way home. score one for being in the right place at the right time. there was even a spot out front. - my mission was the burger. holy shit, it is good. the meat, pork belly and potato came together with the cheese and onions to make a wonderlicious dance around my mouth. and the pretzel bun just tops it all off perfectly. my two gripes are, the size; i couldnt wrap my maw around the bigness so i had to squish a bit and that made some precious juice run all over my hand and plate. and the price; $15 is a lot to bite off. not to be left out is the potato salad that comes with by default ... it is also slamtastically tasty. though the burger is really, really good and the wings some folks near me were chowing on smelled amazing, the tally to visit schatzis will prevent me from a return trip anytime soon... even for a couple of beers before catching a train or a show.. $8 is a very prohibitive price per beverage.
Schatzi's is an instant classic. Awesome beer and tasty food for a good price. We had the Reuben sliders, warm Bavarian pretzels, and knockwurst sandwich. Everything was amazing! If you ever stop in Po-town, make a stop here and grab a beer. Rad place, rad food/beer.
Woah.... the burger. Stop reading and go get it. One of the best burgers I've ever had. Patty, German sausage, potatoes, on a pretzel bun with some funky good sauces. I wish they had it available on the weekends (you can only order from the bar menu on the weekends). After the beer and the food, you'll end up spending $30, but it's all worth it.
The appetizer and entrees were totally awesome. Great bartender and a very nice beer menu.
I had a a few friends recommend this place to me so when i was over in Poughkeepsie I was looking for a new restaurant to try so I went to Schatzi's.  A friend and I sat at the bar ordered the fried pickle appetizer and the homemade pretzel.  ABSOLUTELY delicious.  (I find myself occasionally craving them now)   We decided that we were still hunger so I ordered the Schatzi burger.  This thing was absolutely huge!!!!  I only got a few bites into it before I had to have the bartender pack it up for me.  I brought it in for lunch the next day and it was just as good re-heated.  If  you are a beer lover the selection is pretty extensive and the bartender was very knowledgeable when we asked him for recommendations.  It is a low-key place with excellent food and drinks which is right up my alley.  I will definitely be going back.
The place must have drastically improved since those bad reviews. We tried about five different appetizers. They were amazing. Sliders, potato pancakes, fries, and the best wings I've ever had. Service was outstanding and the atmosphere perfect for a couple of beers and a ball game. We're definitely coming back!
Awesome gastro pub with German inspired food.  The selection of beers is outstanding and its a nice addition to Main St. in Poughkeepsie.  I had a great time and found the beer to be excellent no matter what I tried.  In addition, I love my pulled pork sliders as well as their pierogies.
Well let's start off on a positive note... wonderful backyard... makes you forget you are in poughkeepsie. I wish I could also forget the food we ordered..didnt get..got incorrectly... and finally wished we hadnt ordered at all.  to be honest ... somethings were okay. Far far from really good and some things were just miserable.  The good sounding lavender lemonade was so tart we had to ask for sugar. The lavender martini was not a hit either and the local nano brewery sauer peach beer was pretty much awful.  The wait staff was lame and then just annoying.  Granted they just opened a few weeks ago but i dont think time will help.
