The menu at the American Bounty is seasonal with a lot of emphasis on presentation. A classic beet & goat cheese salad got an updated look but retained the great classic taste and a gnocchi appetizer was perfectly flavored. An entree of fillet of beef served with purple potato salad and fried plantains was tender and delicious. Unfortunately, we did find the plantains to be a little overdone and tough. A BBQ short rib that melted in the mouth was served over a tasty spiced coleslaw and fabulous yucca fritters. Both the wine and dessert menus offer excellent choices but a benefit of dining at the CIA is the occasional appearance of guest chefs and their specialty dishes. On this day we were treated to a special dessert called the "Jackie O" cake which was a huge chocolate concoction guaranteed to satisfy any sweet tooth. The service is a work-in-progress as culinary students learn that the "front of house" is as important as the kitchen. But for all the occasional ineptitude, the student staff is friendly and eager to please. They're excited about their future professions and will happily tell you about the school and their senior rotation in these restaurants that give them their first opportunity to serve paying customers. We found that the beauty and comfort of the restaurant and surroundings coupled with the excellence of the meal more than made up for the learning curve of the servers. Most of the CIA's restaurants have a dress code and reservations are both required and hard to come by so plan ahead and enjoy!
If I could give this a 10 I would. My wife and I went here to celebrate one of those certain birthdays and we were not disappointed. The service and the meal were impeccable. I had a grilled walnut peach salad with blue cheese that I have spent the whole summer trying to recreate and have been unable to do. My dinner was paired with a local beer that was so good, that I would drive up to the area again, just to find it. When we were first seated, we had casually mentioned to the host that it was my wife's birthday. When desert came out, "Happy Birthday", was written on the plate in chocolate. When we were done eating, our server asked us if we would like a tour of the kitchen, and of course we said yes. It was a wonderful end to a great meal. If this is what the future chefs of America are being trained, than the future of America's restaurants looks great. I review a lot on another site. You can look at my 300+ reviews and see that I rarely gush over places. I have managed to make some "friends" over the years, but such is life. This is a place that I very heavily recommend. Its about a 2 hour drive from Midtown Manhattan, but its worth it.
This place is magical. The campus of the CIA overlooks the husdson river, the main building is a former monestary, and the food at American Bounty is cleverly conceived and delicious. I went for the first time last weekend. There were 5 guests in my party and we all tried to order something different. Plate after plate, each item was more tasty than the last. And we truly dined in style, getting cocktails to start, appetizers, entrees (with pairings) and desserts (with signature coffees). I have the utmost respect for the students who cook and run this restaurant. A wonderful restaurant worth experiencing. Just make reservations wayyy in advance so you can enjoy it as much as I did.
We just realized that we have been coming here for about 25 years! Once or twice a year we put on something special and make the trek. We have never been disappointed. My recommendations? They always have a nice light drink to start with like a prosecco with fruit. Try it and let the atmosphere wash over you. Appreciate the starched white table cloth and be assured that you will not be rushed in anyway. The bread is fresh and tasty and lately they have been serving not only yummy butter but also this amazing smoked tomato jam. I could eat a gallon of this stuff. The salads are always inventive and carefully plated. The soups are exquisite. We usually end up with the soup sampler and we both taste and share a salad. The entrees are really satisfying, not too large and I notice that there are some interesting vegetarian options. Hmmmmm, must go back soon to try those. By all means try the wine pairings as long as you can get someone else to be the designated driver. I have never been disappointed in desert, any desert. The coffee is incredible and a small glass of desert wine rounds out a beautiful experience. Finally, walking out of the building there is a gorgeous view of the Hudson. Love this place.
The Culinary Institute of America's tribute to "American" cuisine Despite the fact tat there is no such thing as American cuisine American bounty does  a pretty good job of pulling it off Rather than making an excuse for what is  or isn't American they focus on farm to table pulling from different parts of the country and therefore a variety in dishes that can be called American. Like all of the CIA's restaurants American Bounty is student run.  So the "staff " is constantly changing and being trained every three weeks. While this abnormality does often cause hiccups and inconsistencies, every class always pulls it off.  From the fantastic food produced by the back of the house. th the wonderful service by front of the house, it may take a few day but once they get their into their its a magical thing. It all starts after opening the large glass doors and being greeted by the maitre'd. Whether being seated immediacy or waiting in the lounge, there is a feeling of comfort the quickly slips over. From there things only get better, American Bounty knows how to start things off with highly addictive Parker house rolls, but that's not event the main course. When it come s to food American Bounty offers a variety of dishes that despite not being "American they  are not only delicious, but utilize fresh, local ingredients in a farm to table fashion. So nearly any option is a fin choice especially any of the seafood dishes. Personally some of my favorites are the appetizers such as the scallops with croquettes and squid ink, or the mussels in saffron sauce and of course shrimp and clams over polenta. As for entrees i would highly recommend the salmon with basil sauce, the stripe bass with fried capers, or the swordfish with tomato vinaigrette. Keep in min American Bounty;menu changes regularly, however no matter ones choice it should be great.But before I forget desserts. You absolutely must order desserts here. While the students may be in charge, Pastry Chef Melissa Walnock who formerly worked at the French Laundry and Jean Gorges is ultimately running the show and boy does she create some truly incredible desserts. From the a unique interpretation of a pina colada with pineapple sorbet and caramel rum balls or the modern take on smore's with bacon marshmallows and infused smoke While this may sound like a lot, American Bounty like all of CA's restaurants offers a prix fix option which will save you significantly. American Bounty may be competing with CIA's other restaurants but it its defiantly its own and well worth a visit.     A huge thank you and congrats to my fellow classmates, the class of June 13, 2014
Majority of dishes were good, liked the local wine selection.  We tried the cheese, mussels for starters, which were okay.  Then duck and meatloaf for main courses, were much better.  The donughts for desert were great. Staff were nice, but a bit nervous (which is understandable), restaurant looked a bit dated, campus was really nice
I simply love the concept here: throw a bunch of culinary students into a live environment and make half of them do exactly what they're not there to do: run food and wait and bus tables. As someone who grew up in the restaurant business, I can't think of a better way to train chefs than by making them first work the front end of the house. Aside from wanting to punch the annoying couple next to us that criticized every little thing while talking down to the students, the overall experience was excellent. The ambience was classy, yet not over the top. The corn chowder and duck breast were excellent. Both were among the best I've ever had. The lamb chops and mac and cheese, on the other hand, were just okay. I also have to ding the service a bit, which adds to the reason why I'm giving 4 stars. I realize the waiters aren't there with the end goal of being professional waiters, but they need to pick up the pace and communicate. A lot of the times, they looked confused with one another and with the customers when they were serving the dishes. Also, because they work in teams, we basically had two servers, both of whom asked us back to back how everything was. That just shows that they're not talking to one another. Most importantly, they need to know the menu better. After all, they are chefs in training ... As an example, the shape of the pasta in the mac and cheese reminded me of the worm you find in a bottle of mezcal. When I asked what kind of pasta was in the mac and cheese, our food runner didn't have the answer. He did eventually come back to inform us it was cavatelli. It didn't look at all like cavatelli, but whatever. Another example: later, we asked the waitress what was in the sauces in each of our dishes. She fumbled a bit with her response, but considering the menu only had about 25 items total on it, I guess I just expected the students to know the menu as if they were the ones preparing it. I realize they're not working for tips, but they are getting 17% automatically toward their scholarship fund and graduation jackets. Before we left, the hostess came by with an iPad and asked us to take a 2 minute survey. I pretty much told them what I'm telling you here: the food was great, but the service needed improvement. Still, I love a place that's receptive to feedback. Can't wait to go back here or to one of the other three restaurants at CIA.
If you're in upstate New York, you might know that it can be a barren waste land when it comes to fine-dining experiences. If there is something available, then it's either really old and not very original (think: steak houses in old restaurants) or it is really modern but sort of overpriced for what it served (Gramercy Bistro next to Mass MOCA, for instance). Once you make it to the hidden gem that is CIA, it is really fun. It is an old monastery with views of the river and everyone, and I mean everyone, is walking around in all-white chef outfits. When you get inside the American Bounty building, there's a gift shop and there's an area where chefs line up for food and it's straight out of a Harry Potter movie. I mean, this ancient building, with flags hanging from the walls, and all these young students lined up in their costumes. The pie shop was pretty crowded, since people had put in orders for their Thanksgiving dinner. We walked past that and to the American Bounty dining area. A collared shirt is required for men. The four of us were seated at our table and we looked through the menu, which was contemporary and every entree offered a paired wine or beer selection. The prices were what you might think they'd be for lunch. We ordered fried oysters, mussells, tomato soup, and a thick and creamy peasant soup. The entrees were swordfish, chicken, scallops, and I can't remember the fourth one. The wine pairings, mine was $6, were well matched with the meal. The cheese bread and butter is almost scarfable. There was a moment where we realized my father never received his elderflower drink and we decided that we didn't want to bring it up, for fear of getting our waiter a bad grade. I know it's weird, but you do think about that. The waiters are very eager in a way that is completely unimaginable. If you think people work really hard for money, then think about how hard they might work if they cared enough to pay for the experience and then be graded on it. I really liked the flavors and the presentations and felt like I could see how what they were coming up with at the CIA was slowly being trickled down to other places. The best part is that if you're a history buff, then you can go visit the FDR house right next door. There are tours at 2:30 and 4:00. You get to see that 35-room mansion outfitted to hide his wheelchair from guests, such as the Queen of England. In the summer, you can also see the cabin that Eleanor lived in, which has been described as a "trailer." Either way, I would try to plan your trip to go after May 2013, since the library is under construction and the views are even more gorgeous in the summer. The same is probably true for the CIA.
I'm so glad I got to dine here!  I didn't see any reservations for this place but I checked the night before and a lunch time opened for Saturday, right when they opened! I absolutely LOVED the gnocchi (yummmmm!), the mac 'n cheese (never had it in those shapes before, but they were DELICIOUS!) as well as the kale salad.  Those were actually our first 3 dishes, which were the most savory, haha. Then, we had the chicken and quinoa filled crepes.  For dessert, we had the rocky road, which was a little too much chocolate for us (so only order this if you want an overload of chocolate!).   Just comparing this to the dinner menu, I'd definitely opt for the lunch meal (esp since the gnocchi, mac 'n cheese and kale salad aren't even on the dinner menu!!). Oh, I also had the iced cider, which was something new and interesting to try, especially since I love ice wines!  It was nice and sweet :).
I expected close to perfection formal reviews and reputation. We entered the lovely foyer and waited a few a minutes for our table. The first waiter we spoke to, though not ours, responded with a celery smile and warmth. I asked him about an unusual drink and he gave me an informative and friendly answer. Unfortunately he was not assigned our table. Our waiter seemed stiff and somewhat uncomfortable. The water person, pleasant young woman, would hav even preferable as she interacted easily with us. The mussels were flavored so well that I, who dislike them, actually partook in my husband's order. My phylo goat cheese tarts looked better than tasted. Presentation met my expectations, yet upon tasting it collapsed on the fork and over the plate. The steak disappeared quickly as my husband enjoyed each bite. My chicken , however, arrived with with piece pink and raw. Hence, I needed to send it back and my husband waited for my meal to returned cooked properly. This disappointed us both. The jumbo asparagus on the original plate was replaced with smaller spears. Sadly, no small discount was offered for our inconvenience, which surprised us. Desserts all looked ornate and tasted delicious.
I want to give this SIX 6 stars!  Why?  Because this was the MOST delicious food I have ever eaten in my life. We started off with salads....I choose the Concord Grape Salad....greens with feta(?) cheese and 2 seasoned toasts on the side with a small clump of Concord grapes.  These grapes are NOTHING like the tasteless grapes from the grocery store.  No, these grapes were pucker your mouth sweet with a touch of a sour taste.....almost like grape juice I would say...... Next my entrée...I went with meatloaf, topped with garlic mashed potatoes with a side of onion rings.  Dainty, crisp onion rings....the presentation of the food was pretty ...a long rectangular dish and the portions looked small.  (They weren't).  I could not finish.  The meatloaf had a spicy flare to it and the potatoes were very creamy and garlic?  I would say a hint of garlic...it did not overpower the potatoes.  There was also a small bowl of creamy light brown gravy on the side and I did top my potatoes with this gravy. On to the dessert which according to my friend, was the best part of the meal.  She claimed the pumpkin dessert was the BEST pumpkin she ever tasted.   I went with the Concord Grape Sorbet (really into the grapes today).....My sorbet was artistically presented....a plate with drizzles of raspberry sauce, dabs of white chocolate, dollops of giant grapes (which popped into sweetness when I put my fork into it) and also tiny squares of lemon cake .....topped with crumbs...those crunchy cinnamon crumbs..... I posted a picture of this concord grape sorbet btw. I was stuffed.  Also, we got our desserts for free since our waiter accidentally brought my friend the fish dish, instead of what she ordered which was quoina.   The service was excellent.....attentive, but not intrusive.  But that's beside the point, the food is the star there.  Going back to try the other restaurants at some point. As for the dining room, the tables are nicely spaced apart so you are not on top of your neighbors and it is a light airy room.....pretty.  We sat by the stained glass pumpkin window (along with other fruits and veggies)......
I brought an entire project team from my customer to American Bounty for lunch, celebrating our project's progress. I am so glad we went, and I highly recommend this experience for anyone who considers themself a foodie. The only knock I have on our experience is that the high standards that are met and exceeded in the food, draw attention to the fact that the art of cooking and the art of service are not the same! Don't get me wrong, the service was very nice, but it was painfully obvious that serving was an act of labor for the waitstaff. As I understand it, the culinary students must participate in the both front of house and kitchen duties, so it makes sense that these culinary students were not all that comfortable with the service side of the operation. They did a good job and achieved every task, but it was obviously something that did not come naturally to them. I had a great time and will make it a priority to return again if I am in the area. As another benefit to the experience, because this restaurant is a labratory for the students, the prices were incredibly reasonable. There were 9 of us for lunch, and the total bill was $250, including an automatic gratuity (which was a low 14%). If you have the chance, go, take a friend or a client, enjoy the beautiful campus, love the food and wine and extend grace to the poor waiter who is probably far more comfortable in a chef jacket!
First of all, the food and service would be considered average to poor anywhere else; but come on folks. This is where we are training the next generation of culinary experts, for crying out loud. The school is backed by some of the best in the industry: Marriott and Hilton. You would honestly think that you are in for a real treat. Don't waste your time at this place. Seriously. Beautiful campus. Wonderful approach across a courtyard from the parking garage. Terrific "grand" entry point followed by an institutional grand hallway to the entrance....the magnificent and acclaimed AMERICAN BOUNTY. Then it was ALL down hill from there. Terrible greeting at the door (non-plus), wimpy service. Wait until you hear this, four separate servers asked for a pepper mill, two were reminded more than once that we still had not seen one. Someone finally brought one to the table just before dessert. Over cooked fish, tough steak with too much sauce. If this is the "next generation", better get your eating out experiences done now, it aint getting any better with this crowd. Please take a look at the photo of the dessert. What exactly is that? Disgusting is what it is. Asked to see a manager or someone with whom we could relate our concern. Once, twice...twenty minutes. Oh, the same process as the pepper mill. No one has heard of it, or in a fine dining restaurant where we train the best of the best, there isn't one. Never saw anyone that night, but got the business card of someone that we could follow up with. Left messages the following day and the day after that. Never got a response. And for all of this terribleness and lack of concern, they charge regular fine dining prices. Our dinner for four was $250 with tip. Did you know that that students at the CIA protested against the administration on 23 April 2013 (we were there last week). They are complaining that the school has dropped their standards. Now everything makes sense. Don't go....and don't be impressed by anyone who was trained there. Let the experience of dining out do the talking. Boy were we mad.
Absolutely incredible.  The menu changes often, so I can't tell you what dish to get, but rest assured that anything you order will be fantastic.  My dad and I shared mussels and a shrimp salad to start, then he had the sea bass and I had the pork tenderloin.  Everything was delicious.  For dessert, my dad had the almond brittle basket with sorbet and I had the salted chocolate pretzel tart.  I love sweet and salty so this dessert is one of my all-time favorites.  And, of course, the service was impeccable.
I've wanted to visit the CIA for many years and when my wife suggested it several months ago, it seemed like the perfect time to try it. It's only one and a half hours North, but we stayed overnight anyway. There are 3 restaurants available... The Bocuse (French), American Bounty and the Apple Pie Bakery Cafe (which was closed when we visited.) We opted for American Bounty and the food was terrific. I had the Fois Gras (which was actually a bit bland) while my wife had the Stone Fruit & Coach Farm Goat Cheese Tart which was excellent. My wife had the Beef Short Ribs for her entree and I had the Grilled Rib Eye of Beef. I liked my wife's rib better as my rib eye was tasty... had a bit too much gristle than I care for. The dessert was the "Pina Colada"... which also was excellent. (See picture below) The grounds/campus is really amazing. I enjoy cooking myself and really felt jealous watching all these young "soon to be chefs/bakers" walking around on their way to/from class. Oh to be able to go back in time and do it again. This is a terrific place to go for that special occasion. I look forward to going back again.
There's something kind of fun about eating at a culinary school. Not only can you have a fabulous meal, but you can also pick your waiter's brain about food, wine, and cooking advice without coming off as crazy.. or at least too crazy. The American Bounty is the restaurant to go to at the CIA. It's the last stop for graduating students and since the restaurant pulls from all over the Americas (Central, North, Southern, and every region in the US), there is truly something for every yen on the menu. Best of all, if you go in the off-season (winter), the restaurant offers a $30 prix fixe menu..which isn't too shabby either. My friend and I went in January and took full advantage of this bargain. I started my meal with the roasted squash soup which was beautifully presented but only okay. However, the star of the show was my main meal, a pork chop with red cabbage slaw, root vegetable mash, and honey mustard sauce. I had my pork pretty rare (as recommended by the chef) and it was spectacular. Add to that an extremely well-executed slaw and sauce and a lovely sauvignon blanc and mmmm. I savored EVERY bite. I chose the banana cream tart with vanilla bean ice cream for dessert which made for a lovely finish. Caramelized bananas, dark chocolate, ice cream, and some decaf coffee, I honestly couldn't ask for a better combo to finish my meal. The staff did flub my bill a bit, but hey, everyone makes mistakes. With the beautiful black and white photos, a highly attentive staff, and satisfied stomach, I left American Bounty more than content and more than willing to brave New York's bitterly cold weather again for another dish as amazing as that pork chop. FYI- The CIA also automatically adds a 15% tip to your bill, so there's no need for mental gymnastics. However, if you do add on a tip, it goes directly to your server, so I added on a sizable cushion because my waiter deserved it for putting up with all my questions and securing me the non prix fixe banana cream tart ( :
Loved the food, loved getting to watch the food made, loved interacting with the students! The students are all very anxious and meticulous not to make a mistake. We had to remind them four separate times about drinks. Additionally, they are so quick to put in the ticket they forget to ask for drinks or wait for clarification. I did appreciate that they asked us to fill out a survey on an iPad at the end of our meal so that I feel our compliments/concerns were heard. I will be back for sure!
What a thrill to be here at the CIA--- gorgeous grounds, lovely restaurant, gracious service.  The menu sounded wonderful, the food was artfully presented, the wine/beer selections very good.  However, as a meal the food was disappointing to all 4 of us.  Some of our salads felt over composed, with too many flavors/textures, or most notably, the greens (arugula especially) tough, old.  Pasta was almost gooey in texture.  Cappuccinos were beautiful in appearance but watery with almost no coffee flavor at all.  We were surprised at the uneven quality of the meal.  But do we think the CIA is worth visiting again?  Yes!  The most exciting thing about a meal here is experiencing the creativity of future American chefs.
We called the Culinary Institute at 10:00 in the morning on a Saturday, and got a 12:30 lunch reservation the same day.  So much for the reputation that it takes a long time to make a reservation - that probably applies to dinner at L'Escoffier.  We went to the American Bounty for the variety, and were not disappointed.  I think I would have given our experience 5 stars if the students had been just a little more attentive with the service.  The food was stellar, and worthy of top rating.   First off, we ordered iced tea and were pleasantly surprised to get simple syrup instead of sugar for sweetener.  A variety of breads and muffins were next, from sunflower rolls to crusty multi-grain bread, to cheddar biscuits.  All executed perfectly, and delivered with a tray containing whipped butter, whipped herb butter, and .....smoked tomato jam!  Although we succeeded in getting recipes for some of the dishes on the menu, the smoked tomato jam is a closely guarded secret.  All we were able to find out was that the tomatoes are smoked in a "cold" smoker.  Needless to say, the jam is sensational - full of smoky flavor and not too sweet. My wife and I decided to get one of each of the four courses (excluding dessert), knowing that we would be full and unable to order dessert - but that's how we roll.  Appetizers were Pan Seared Scallops, perfectly cooked with a soft interior and a nice crust on the outside and Sweet Pea and Asparagus Ravioli.  The scallops were presented on a base of crispy potato and topped with tomato basil fondue and mache salad.  The ravioli were absolutely killer - in a lemon butter sauce with oyster mushrooms and fava beans.  I could have eaten a plate full as a main course and gone home satisfied. Next up were the soups - Lobster Bisque and Cauliflower with lemon oil and beet chips.  These were both extravagant and rich, perfectly seasoned.  I was happy to find lobster meat in the bisque - unusual when the soup is listed as a bisque. Now on to salad course - Shaved Asparagus and Artichoke, and Buttermilk Fried Oysters.  The asparagus was in a nice lemon parmesan vinaigrette and decoratively sliced on the bias, and the oysters were sweet and tender on top of arugula salad with roasted red peppers and papaya.  The dish was supposed to include avocado, but apparently avocado was not available.   Main courses were Pan Roasted Chicken Breast and Barbequed Short Ribs.  The chicken was deliciously crisp outside and juicy inside, served with Piquillo Peppers, Chorizo Brown Rice, Spinach, and a Lemon Thyme sauce.  Bursting with flavor, we cleaned the plate!  The short rib was removed from the bone, and a seriously large portion of meat surrounded by Potato Cheddar Croquettes, tender young haricots vert, and  Morel Mushrooms.  The meat was very satisfying and not overly "sauced".  The croquettes were perfect - crispy outside and filled with nicely flavored potato inside -  and presented on top of whipped potato that had been piped onto the dish.  Green beans were crisp and young.   Unable to fit in dessert, we ordered coffee.  Here, the staff could have presented us with options but they dutifully brought us coffee that was a little on the weak side.  I noticed another table with a french press being delivered, and ended up ordering a french press as a second round of coffee to get a strong enough cup to satisfy. All in all, an excellent meal - as good or better than any you would get in a 4 star restaurant in any big city.
I have eaten here three times now, all in this restaurant and every time I have been quite impressed.  This time it was dinner for two.  No reservations available online but calling scored us a 6:00 reservation, perfect timing for our day seeing FDR and hiking.  Throwing a change of clothes in the car we headed off and I was able to change after our rainy day of hiking and geocaching.  We were immediately greeted and seated.  The wine beer and cocktail list was on an iPod which was a bit high tech and at times failed to load, but we found what we needed.   Not many non-alcoholic options here for the preggo lady but I got by.   We ordered two starters, a garlic sausage with three different mustards and sea scallops.  The sausage was good but probably the least impressive part of the meal.  We ordered a watercress and onion seed soup and a smoked trout bib lettuce salad, both excellent.  The entrees were lamb chops and rib eye, both ordered medium rare and both properly cooked and seasoned.  Dessert was a milk shake with bourbon and cookies and the lemon tart.  The milk shake was tiny and cookies seemed reheated which made them somewhat chewy, but tasty.  The lemon tart had rhubarb inside and served with ginger ale sorbet.... Delicious!  And I'm not a dessert person. Everyone seems to talk poorly about the service.  We had one dud but the other person waiting on us was really spectacular and attentive so I really have no complaints. This menu is seasonal so what I ordered will probably not be there when you go but everything I've gotten each time has been good, a favorite being the pork chop in the late summer which was delicious despite me not being a huge pork fan.   They do add 17% to your tab no matter how many people in your party so be prepared for that.  They are not allowed to accept tips.  A pricey meal but also an experience.
Beautiful restaurant, peppy service from the students..but I felt the menu/food was uninspired. The food was okay, I wouldn't even say it was good, just okay. The pork belly app I had was a disappointment compared to the one I had at he Cookery I week earlier. There was no crispy skin that I feel is an  integral part of the dish. Same goes for the duck, no crispness to the skin to counterpoint the unctuousness of the fat from the duck. The profiteroles were great though.
My wife and I had a really memorable meal tonight at this restaurant.  The service was excellent, the food delicious, and presentation superb!   If you are planning to be in this area you must eat here.  Also, the tour is very interesting if you are a foody.
This is a phenomenal restaurant. It is one of those rare places where the attention to every little detail is completely apparent and they are able to meld the craftsmanship of cooking with the artistry of exquisite presentation and taking people on a journey. Impeccable. There is nothing I can complain about. I also got a reservation one day ahead.
Before heading to American Bounty, you should be aware that yes, it is a Culinary Institute of America restaurant staffed by students, and that they maintain a business casual dress code. The former should not be an issue, as long as you have no problem with painfully awkward servers. The latter should not present a problem unless your wardrobe consists only of blue t-shirts.* Thankfully, the CIA students signed up to learn how to cook, not to serve, and you're in for a good meal. Our appetizers were stellar, with the scallop narrowly edging out the gnocchi for the tastiest, and the crabcakes the runaway winner in the beauty contest (still quite delicious). My mother's poached pear salad was also nicely done, with a mountain of well-dressed greens, and the pear nicely dark and winey. For the entrees, I loved the sound of the hanger steak with bleu cheese and cipollini onions, but unsurprisingly, so did my father. I always defer to anyone that feeds and clothes me for my entire childhood, not to mention anyone that's buying lunch. It was predictably delicious, and a small step above the the slightly overcooked pork chop that I opted for. I enjoyed the flavor combination with all the accompaniments, but each seemed a bit lacking. The parsnip puree was a touch too bland, the onion rings were overcooked past crispy to crunchy, and I would've loved a bit more apple on the plate. Everyone else loved the bites I constructed for them, so perhaps I'm being overly critical. My mother chose the duck, which came with a tasty pumpkin flan (almost dessert-like, but not quite) and was absolutely perfectly cooked. I know this because my girlfriend, not a duck-lover, thought it was wonderful. Her halibut was also slightly overcooked but very flavorful, as it sat atop a brothy rice mixture studded with tender clams. For dessert, our server came by to GUSH about the one-of-a-kind Jackie O Cake, created by the man who brought creme brulee to the States especially for the former First Lady. With it's chocolate upon chocolate upon chocolate, my father fell in love, and couldn't wait to order it. And of course, when our server returned to take our dessert order, he said, "Uh, the chef has just informed me that, uh, we're out of the Jackie O Cake." Feedback for the future graduates: Don't do that. ________ *As mine does. But you can always borrow respectable clothes from your father, and only look slightly ridiculous.
LOVED my dinner here last week. Our servers were great, very nice and informational. It's important to realize that they are not professional waiters and have, at most, only three weeks of experience. But their lack of experience was refreshing, they obviously all love food and it showed through. The food was all delicious and afterwards they gave us a tour of the kitchen. The campus overall was beautiful. I highly recommend the restaurant to anyone who is looking for something a little different.
Technique was flawless on all the dishes, but the service was something to be desired.  Starters were great.  The foie gra was insane.  Seared to perfection placed over an orange sauce and topped with cherries.  A must try, but they have daily preparations for this dish.  The caesar salad was over dressed and the country salad was a little wilted, but still good.  Main course was good, but not great.  Desert was the best.  I love the warm chocolate cake.  A definite must try.
Every restaurant in the Culinary Institute of America (CIA) is hit or miss, that's just the risk you take when students are at both ends of the house (kitchen and the main dining room). Of course, there are teachers and trained restaurant managers to act as a buffer between customers and students, but the key idea here is that we as customers are helping train the future chefs of America, who want to impress you in order to graduate. I've never heard a 21 year old kid try so hard not to laugh at the pronounciation "au jus" while my grandmother looks on in astonishment at the many ways to fancy up the word "steak." Having said this, I have been to the American Bounty three times and can safely say that it is my favorite restaurant at the CIA, not to mention that of my family members, who are usually fronting the bill for the place. I recommend the cornish game hen as well as a flights from the extensive wine list, as the seasonal approach is indeed the best when deciding the progression of the meal. I also recommend the salmon and bread pudding, though there are too many outstanding choices to name. If you're a couple, be forewarned, do not go at the end of August, May, or September, as Marist College is right around the corner and my family did indeed celebrate a May graduation dinner at the CIA, and since it is a celebration and we have the right to be in high spirits, I recommend going during late June - late July or October - Early May in order to avoid the college celebration movement. Also, please keep in mind at the end of the day these are students, so a few mistakes are bound to happen, but I'd rather have mistakes be captured and corrected here by students then out in the real world.
Great service here with well-prepared food cooked and served by culinary students. I loved the dinner rolls, which were dusted lightly on the top with large grain salt.  They came with butter seasoned with salt and pepper in a tiny cast iron skillet.  It was a little reminder of how a simple touch of seasoning can take things to the next level. The scallops with blueberry sauce were delicious, but my only criticism is that the dish only came with 2 scallops and 2 zucchini fritters.  It's a good thing we also ordered an heirloom tomato salad, which was prepared very simply to showcase the tomatoes.  It came with a bacon brioche, which I was a bit disappointed by.  It sounds amazing, but seemed just like a piece of bread with bacon fat spread on top. My wife got the soft shell crab.  She thought it was a little too oily, and and the proportion of potatoes to crab was a bit off.  I got the chicken with morel mushroom sauce.  It was perfectly cooked and delicious.  The side of asparagus and potatoes was just ok. For desert we ordered the strawberries and cream.  It was much more deconstructed than I expected--a bit of sorbet over sweet crumbs, a bit of cream there wrapped in elderflower gelee, etc.  It was good, but we were not wowed by it.  Honestly I kind of just wanted some fresh strawberries thrown in there. My favorite thing about the service is that they would come around periodically with a "de-crumber," which is basically a flat little stick they swipe the table with to get the crumbs out.  I have never seen that before, and it was fun.  A 17% service charge/tip is included in the bill here.  I wish there would have been an area on the receipt to leave a bit more, as I didn't have any extra cash to throw in.
CIA - makes you think of spies, espionage, and secrets.  At least it does for me, as I am in the Army.  Still, that's not what I am talking about - CIA is the Culinary Institute of America.  It is, in my opinion, the best culinary school in the states. American Bounty is one of the restaurants at the Culinary.  Having been to three of them, I feel well qualified to review it. In all ways, American Bounty is a place that is worth checking out.  The food - outstanding!  Their menu is a traditional continental cuisine, with some interesting additions and twists.  The amount of food served won't leave you hungry, either. Dessert - fancy!  Very fancy!  It's the kind of stuff that you see pastry chefs make for food competitions.  Everything is a work of art.  Indulge yourself, and then work out for an extra hour later in the week. Service - impeccable. Or at least they students are trying to make it that way.  Remember - these are students.  Everyone you see at the restaurant is a student or teacher.  The students are trying their best, and are trying to learn while giving you a great meal and experience.  The teachers are watching the students with a trained eye, to make sure they do all of that. Try and get a table where you can watch their cooks work (you need to ask for that when you make reservations).  Each table is only reserved for one party a night - that means the staff won't try and rush you out.  Enjoy your drinks, appetizers, salads, main course, dessert, and coffee.  Don't hurry.  Take in the atmosphere, talk with the others in your dinner party. Bask in the fact that you are eating a meal that would be served at one of the finest restaurants in [pick a city], for about half the cost.  Maybe less.  Yeah, the meal may not be cheap by some standards, but it's well worth the price. Make reservations well in advance - getting a table can be a challenge sometimes.  Also, remember that these are students, and they run a class schedule - check the website to see when the restaurant is open or closed.  If you want to eat there but can't get a dinner reservation, consider making lunch reservations at the culinary. Have fun!  You won't regret it.
Eleven years after first moving to Poughkeepsie for college and hearing about the incredible dining experience to be had at the Culinary Institute, I finally made my first trip there, making the drive down from Albany.  I'll admit, I was excited.  Restaurants staffed entirely by student chef wunderkinds?  Yes, please.  How many times have I seen a restaurant boast about their CIA-trained head chef?  Too many.  And now, here they all were, soon to be birthed and unleashed on the world, like those babies at the end of that American Godzilla movie from 1998. I haven't been to many restaurants which could qualify as "fine dining," but I can say that if you're expecting "fine dining" here, you might be surprised.  It's like a warm-up for fine dining.  We were there on a Saturday night, the only one I could get a reservation for.  They keep a weird schedule.  Many days the restaurants are not open.  I kept wondering how much preparation goes into a night's dinner.  Were the students being graded here?  They definitely weren't being paid.  As others have noted, all of the waiters, hosts, and what even looked like a maitre d', were all students.  The level of service varies wildly.  It could have been our server's first day, judging by his nervousness about fork/knife placement, water pouring, and bread disbursement. It was a fast-paced night.  The kitchen is like a fishbowl, all windows, which encourages you to watch the action, although I felt bad about staring.  Our table was right in front of it, though, so we could keep an eye on them.  Despite the manic pace of the chefs and the servers, the food was served quickly, and the presentation was immaculate. We had the foie gras and pork belly appetizers, and I have to admit, I've never had foie gras before, but this seared foie gras appetizer was The Bomb.  One of the best things I've had in a long time.  The outside is charred, and the rest just melts in your mouth.  Incredible.  I could've eaten so much more of it.  That's not animal cruelty, is it?  Those geese like being force fed, right?  The wife's pork belly appetizer was good too, but I was completely distracted by the foie gras. I ordered the lobster entrée because it had been a while since last we met.  It's served with chantrelle mushrooms and carrot "froth."  I was surprised, the froth did taste like carrot.  But maybe it's just the New Englander in me, but I would've rather just had steamed lobster with butter, or a lobster roll.  The non-traditional (to me) cooking and serving method just did not connect with me.  It didn't help that the serving size was pretty small.  But I'll admit, the carrot-y lobster-y broth left behind was ridiculously good. I'm sure the desserts are great, but by the end, I had a hankering for a sloppy diner dessert at the Everready, so we made our way north.  I know I'll come back to try the Italian and French restaurants, and it won't be another 11 years until then.
American Bounty Restaurant was where my Love went to school: The Culinary Institute of America. He was so excited to take me there and we had a beautiful bottle of 1998 Taittiger Blancs de Blancs to share. He warned me that the place was run by students. I was expecting nothing less than awkward soon to be chefs attempting to communicate with the public and pour wines, serve food, take orders and recommend the dishes their peers were finally capable of preparing. You have a team of servers. The first, a guy from Oregon who was chatty and an obvious "over confident" which will do him wonders in the kitchen. The second, a sweet young man who had the look of innocence within him but somehow I knew he was a product of Queens. and well, I was right :) The Foie gras was the best deal around $11 for a huge piece and it was prepared well, served with butter nut squash puree and cranberry chutney. Delightful. Scallops were seared and placed on a plate with a saffron sauce on one side and sort of a buttery sauce on the other, more yellow. They were placed atop chorizo hash. This was clever and great on the eyes, a take on Katsup, mustard and eggs and hash. At least I think.. I don't know anyone who puts mustard on that though, but I loved it. I had the steak which sounded amazing: Dry aged New York with risotto cake and sauteed spinach. Looked great. The meat was cold :(  and the spinach was too salty because there was also blue cheese in the risotto cake. Too much. My Love ordered the short ribs, which he never does, and it was served over polenta. This came out and it was a soppy mess. We could tell what the dish was meant to be so we had appreciation for both and quite frankly, we were juts happy to be there. My Love being able to experience the nostalgia of being back in his school, it was worth it. The sweet guy from Queens,he tied it all in!! Dessert was pistachio ice cream. The best I have ever had. There is nothing I can say about that, it was creamy, rich and divine. A recommendation by the guy from Oregon. Thank you. We did the cheese plate too. A nice touch but we more did it to chat with our server more and let him get in some practice. Guy from Queens asked us if we wanted him to take the bottle back and take off the label for us (I am making a scrap book, of course, I'm going to do it in my chair with my blanket and my cat on my lap too :-p) He brought it back in plastic, perfect!! What a nice thing to do for us to be able to preserve that memory. He was so friendly and inquisitive. He took us on a tour of the kitchen which Tim just loved! It was a great night. This will definitely be an annual thing. And, who knows, maybe we will see that sweet guy from Queens out in California! Best of luck to those guys!
I've been here twice (indicator of a really good restaurant being it's a 2 hour drive for me).  Everything I had on my last visit - don't feel a need to write down what we ate since the menu frequently changes, which I love - was really good.  Not awesome... more like 4 stars good.  With the exception of dessert... Okay so I HAVE to mention this menu item.  The Key Lime Semi Freddo... I would never order key lime anything so I have to give huge props to my man for ordering this.  It was lick-the-plate deliciousness!!!  The perfect balance of sweet and tart... it was fruity and limey and just freakin' good.  Like Spring for dessert (does that even sound yummy?).  If it would travel well I would have ordered some to go... not one.  some.   Sorry for the rant on dessert.  Service was great too.  I love that this place is staffed with students.  It just goes to show why CIA has the reputation it does in the culinary world.
Absolutely amazing. I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary, and it was such a wonderful culinary experience. Keep in mind, these are teaching restaurants, and the waiters are current students so the quality can somewhat vary. We ended up with a somewhat inexperienced waiter, but he was very sweet and helpful, and I thought he was adorable so I didn't mind his nervousness at all. We both had the flight of white wines, which was alot of fun, sampling a riesling, fume blanc and viogner, the latter two I had never tried before. We then shared a starter of rock shrimp, two appetizers, the soup sampler and a blue cheese bread pudding, and a main course of striped bass. All the appetizers/starters were truly incredible, each one had such amazing and complex flavors. The bass was also good, but paled in comparison in flavor. And of course, we had to have dessert - because I am a dessert girl. And we're at the CIA! Sadly, their freezer was broken so I couldn't indulge in their delicious sorbet/gelato, so instead we had the apple crisp and warm chocolate pudding cake. And it was so sweet! I had mentioned on the online reservation form that it was our anniversary, and they scribbled "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate sauce on our dessert plate! An expensive meal, but well worth it!
When upstate I make it my business to visit the CIA.   I have been to the American Bounty twice.  My favorite being Caterina D'Medici.  But I digress... I checked out the menus before I decided upon which restaurant I wanted to visit. They had me at crab cakes and Cioppino.  Oh what a flavorful seafood stew...shrimps, scallops, clams and mussels in a delicious broth.  The crab cakes where one of the best I've ever had.  Unfortunately I had no room for dessert (dammit) because I gorged myself on the delicious multigrain bread with the most amazing butter. Be sure to have time to tour the school and the grounds.  This was an old monastery and its very beautiful.
With most restaurants it is important to know your environment and adapt accordingly.  This is a KEY element to enjoying a meal at the CIA.  The food and service are quite good but a bit rough around the edges...and that's the point!  If you want a five-star dining experience, look elsewhere.  If you want a solid meal that feels more like an "event," than the CIA is for you. Student staffed and run, this place is bursting with energy.  And it's great to see tomorrow's culinary stars busting their butts.  The campus is gorgeous, the dining room open and airy and the food - well the food was darn good!  On our plates... Lump Crab Cakes Sweet Corn Soup Heirloom Tomato Salad Caesar Salad Lobster w/ Chantrelles BBQ Short Ribs w/ Garlic Mashed & Vanilla Bean Cole Slaw Peach/Blueberry Cobbler Biscuit The bread was fresh; our server eager.   The meal concluded with a tour of the kitchen which was straight out of Hell's Kitchen; Orders being barked, the temperate cranked, and passion evident. It was truly awesome! This is a must-visit for any foodie. High Points:   Sunset, Crab Cakes, Kitchen Tour Low Points:   Drink order came with meal order, Salty Caesar, Server for another table dropped the F-bomb in the dining room As with any school you have students who "get it" and those who are simply going through the motions. I'm happy to report that the former rules the roost at American Bounty.
On-line reservations easy.  Even though you need a credit card to reserve spot, you get credit towards meal. Went last weekend for lunch.  We had been looking forward to going after hearing good things - especially since we enjoy regional, seasonal menus. We were seated promptly. Unfortunately we were seated by a family that was celebrating a graduation.  The family was spread over 3 tables and quite loud - so from an environment point of view - a big negative. Our server was efficient in taking our order, but forgot to serve us bread. We had to ask for it and she genuinely apologized for forgetting.   Both appetizers (mussels in delish saffron broth and frisee over flatbread) were equally good and prepared well. The monkfish entree was not very flavorful, while the pork loin entree was rich.  Decent sized portions.   We returned our second glass of water since it tasted sweet, sort of like flat Sprite (our first glass of water was fine). Our server mentioned that other tables had same experience - weird!   Net: While really good for the area, I'd rather stay in New York City and get better service and same / better food.
So torn. Good food, awful service. I understand that it was a student, but there's a difference between no experience and no intelligence. The student that sat us was very nice and the restaurant was very clean. I loved the presentation of the bread in a personal pan. So cute. And then bread was very tasty. Our server came and she seemed a bit frazzled, she took our orders for food and never asked if we wanted anything to drink. I asked for a wine sample but that didn't arrive until after my first course, I liked it and ordered an 8oz glass. I had the foie of the day "BLT" style with tomato jam, bacon dust and micro greens. Very cute. My friends had the scallops and they were delicious. She brought out a wine glass and had a small amount that was clearly not 8oz. I asked if it was the 8oz and then she said no, and poured it anyway. Her manager had to give me the other half glass when I was done with that. I had the duck as an entree and it was good, a bit over cooked, and the sweet potato mash and Brussels sprouts with red cabbage were delicious!!! My friend ordered the pasta, she said it was good, not great. After they cleared our plates we waited for a while before we had to call her back over to order dessert. We had the chocolate hazelnut cake, the coconut cake and the citrus cake. The desserts were vey pretty but could have been better. I'll be back because the food was very good, I just hope to have a different server, or I hope she wakes up and realized what she's doing.
OMG...My sister and I took my parent's here as a gift last weekend.  I am STILL dreaming about the food.  This was part of the Culinary Institute of America.  The cooks and waitstaff were all students. Food:  So flavorful.  The menu was intimidating to me...my palate is not so sophisticated so I was a little disappointed with myself for going with the boring chicken choice but it turned out to be DELICIOUS!!  The mac and cheese was nothing like anything I have ever had before.  I tasted everyone's meals (yeah, I'm annoying but I paid so too bad! LOL)...duck, vegetarian...I can't remember the rest.  It was ALL delicious.  They also served free unlimited mini rolls in the beginning of the meal that were GREAT. Service:  I thought the service was going to be PERFECT...I guess I thought they would be so whipped into shape, it would be uptight and, well, PERFECT.  But, there were some mistakes and the waiters/waitresses laughed and were relaxed.  I was happy about that.   Atmosphere:  It was a very pretty place but casual.  It looked like we should all be dressed up but hardly any of the guests were. Reservations:  We went on a Saturday at 11:30am and the place was filled to capacity.  I made the reservations on the first day I was allowed (I think 3 months in advance?) and still couldn't get a reservation to the Italian restaurant so I took this place.  I was not disappointed.  But, if you want to go on a weekend, you better decide months in advance and be ready to pounce once OPEN TABLE lets you make the reservations. They do not let you leave a tip.  BUT, they do add a 17% charge to EVERY bill. I can't remember what it was called but it basically subsidizes stuff at the school.  Well worth it. Cost:  There were 6 of us and the bill came out to $315 ($52pp), TOTAL (including any taxes and the 17% charge).  This included an entree for all of us, free unlimited rolls, I think there were 3 beers ordered, probably 4-5 appetizers/salads and maybe 3 desserts with 3 coffees.  Approximately.  I didn't think $52 a person was too bad, considering nowadays you can EASILY spend $25 a person in a so-so Italian restaurant. I would ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY make the 2.5-3 hour shlep back to Hyde Park to eat there again...next time I will try to go to one of the Culinary Institute of America's other restaurants.
The first restaurant I have ever been to where the missteps of the experience are an integral part of the charm. The entire staff are students and there to learn, both as part of the front and back of this working restaurant....all seemed eager to please and professional - really nice to see. The meal was good....not very good let alone great. I had a goat cheese tart for my first course and chicken entree. Both well prepared but nothing memorable. The campus is beautiful and seeing the students walking around in their crisp chefs' whites really added to the scene. ``
I was anxious to go to the Culinary to eat, as I grew up in the Hudson Valley and never went there. We arrived a few minutes before our 6pm reservation, but the doors did not open until 6.  As soon as we walked in, we were greeted and seated.  The restaurant was not too crowded, but I'm sure they seat in waves. The service here was the best I've ever experienced.  The staff were very attentive, you would never know that they were students.  They were very prompt and polite. I could not ask for better service. We started with the mussels and the scallops.  The scallops were amazing, but you only get 2 scallops.  The mussels were excellent. I ordered the swordfish steak.  It was amazing. That was the best fish I've had in my life.  One person ordered the steak, it was cooked perfectly it was delicious as well.  One person ordered the roasted chicken.  The portion of this was huge, about half a chicken.  It was delicious as well. We ordered the blueberry pancakes, strawberry cream, and chocolate covered cherry for dessert.  The blueberry pancakes were excellent. The chocolate covered cherry was beautifully presented and tasted very good.  The strawberry cream was very good as well. Overall, this is the best restaurant I've ever been to. I will definitely encourage everyone I know to give it a shot. The prices aren't cheap, but for the food, service, and overall experience,it is worth it.
The menu at the American Bounty is seasonal with a lot of emphasis on presentation. A classic beet & goat cheese salad got an updated look but retained the great classic taste and a gnocchi appetizer was perfectly flavored. An entree of fillet of beef served with purple potato salad and fried plantains was tender and delicious. Unfortunately, we did find the plantains to be a little overdone and tough. A BBQ short rib that melted in the mouth was served over a tasty spiced coleslaw and fabulous yucca fritters. Both the wine and dessert menus offer excellent choices but a benefit of dining at the CIA is the occasional appearance of guest chefs and their specialty dishes. On this day we were treated to a special dessert called the "Jackie O" cake which was a huge chocolate concoction guaranteed to satisfy any sweet tooth. The service is a work-in-progress as culinary students learn that the "front of house" is as important as the kitchen. But for all the occasional ineptitude, the student staff is friendly and eager to please. They're excited about their future professions and will happily tell you about the school and their senior rotation in these restaurants that give them their first opportunity to serve paying customers. We found that the beauty and comfort of the restaurant and surroundings coupled with the excellence of the meal more than made up for the learning curve of the servers. Most of the CIA's restaurants have a dress code and reservations are both required and hard to come by so plan ahead and enjoy!
If I could give this a 10 I would. My wife and I went here to celebrate one of those certain birthdays and we were not disappointed. The service and the meal were impeccable. I had a grilled walnut peach salad with blue cheese that I have spent the whole summer trying to recreate and have been unable to do. My dinner was paired with a local beer that was so good, that I would drive up to the area again, just to find it. When we were first seated, we had casually mentioned to the host that it was my wife's birthday. When desert came out, "Happy Birthday", was written on the plate in chocolate. When we were done eating, our server asked us if we would like a tour of the kitchen, and of course we said yes. It was a wonderful end to a great meal. If this is what the future chefs of America are being trained, than the future of America's restaurants looks great. I review a lot on another site. You can look at my 300+ reviews and see that I rarely gush over places. I have managed to make some "friends" over the years, but such is life. This is a place that I very heavily recommend. Its about a 2 hour drive from Midtown Manhattan, but its worth it.
We just realized that we have been coming here for about 25 years! Once or twice a year we put on something special and make the trek. We have never been disappointed. My recommendations? They always have a nice light drink to start with like a prosecco with fruit. Try it and let the atmosphere wash over you. Appreciate the starched white table cloth and be assured that you will not be rushed in anyway. The bread is fresh and tasty and lately they have been serving not only yummy butter but also this amazing smoked tomato jam. I could eat a gallon of this stuff. The salads are always inventive and carefully plated. The soups are exquisite. We usually end up with the soup sampler and we both taste and share a salad. The entrees are really satisfying, not too large and I notice that there are some interesting vegetarian options. Hmmmmm, must go back soon to try those. By all means try the wine pairings as long as you can get someone else to be the designated driver. I have never been disappointed in desert, any desert. The coffee is incredible and a small glass of desert wine rounds out a beautiful experience. Finally, walking out of the building there is a gorgeous view of the Hudson. Love this place.
Majority of dishes were good, liked the local wine selection.  We tried the cheese, mussels for starters, which were okay.  Then duck and meatloaf for main courses, were much better.  The donughts for desert were great. Staff were nice, but a bit nervous (which is understandable), restaurant looked a bit dated, campus was really nice
If you're in upstate New York, you might know that it can be a barren waste land when it comes to fine-dining experiences. If there is something available, then it's either really old and not very original (think: steak houses in old restaurants) or it is really modern but sort of overpriced for what it served (Gramercy Bistro next to Mass MOCA, for instance). Once you make it to the hidden gem that is CIA, it is really fun. It is an old monastery with views of the river and everyone, and I mean everyone, is walking around in all-white chef outfits. When you get inside the American Bounty building, there's a gift shop and there's an area where chefs line up for food and it's straight out of a Harry Potter movie. I mean, this ancient building, with flags hanging from the walls, and all these young students lined up in their costumes. The pie shop was pretty crowded, since people had put in orders for their Thanksgiving dinner. We walked past that and to the American Bounty dining area. A collared shirt is required for men. The four of us were seated at our table and we looked through the menu, which was contemporary and every entree offered a paired wine or beer selection. The prices were what you might think they'd be for lunch. We ordered fried oysters, mussells, tomato soup, and a thick and creamy peasant soup. The entrees were swordfish, chicken, scallops, and I can't remember the fourth one. The wine pairings, mine was $6, were well matched with the meal. The cheese bread and butter is almost scarfable. There was a moment where we realized my father never received his elderflower drink and we decided that we didn't want to bring it up, for fear of getting our waiter a bad grade. I know it's weird, but you do think about that. The waiters are very eager in a way that is completely unimaginable. If you think people work really hard for money, then think about how hard they might work if they cared enough to pay for the experience and then be graded on it. I really liked the flavors and the presentations and felt like I could see how what they were coming up with at the CIA was slowly being trickled down to other places. The best part is that if you're a history buff, then you can go visit the FDR house right next door. There are tours at 2:30 and 4:00. You get to see that 35-room mansion outfitted to hide his wheelchair from guests, such as the Queen of England. In the summer, you can also see the cabin that Eleanor lived in, which has been described as a "trailer." Either way, I would try to plan your trip to go after May 2013, since the library is under construction and the views are even more gorgeous in the summer. The same is probably true for the CIA.
I expected close to perfection formal reviews and reputation. We entered the lovely foyer and waited a few a minutes for our table. The first waiter we spoke to, though not ours, responded with a celery smile and warmth. I asked him about an unusual drink and he gave me an informative and friendly answer. Unfortunately he was not assigned our table. Our waiter seemed stiff and somewhat uncomfortable. The water person, pleasant young woman, would hav even preferable as she interacted easily with us. The mussels were flavored so well that I, who dislike them, actually partook in my husband's order. My phylo goat cheese tarts looked better than tasted. Presentation met my expectations, yet upon tasting it collapsed on the fork and over the plate. The steak disappeared quickly as my husband enjoyed each bite. My chicken , however, arrived with with piece pink and raw. Hence, I needed to send it back and my husband waited for my meal to returned cooked properly. This disappointed us both. The jumbo asparagus on the original plate was replaced with smaller spears. Sadly, no small discount was offered for our inconvenience, which surprised us. Desserts all looked ornate and tasted delicious.
I brought an entire project team from my customer to American Bounty for lunch, celebrating our project's progress. I am so glad we went, and I highly recommend this experience for anyone who considers themself a foodie. The only knock I have on our experience is that the high standards that are met and exceeded in the food, draw attention to the fact that the art of cooking and the art of service are not the same! Don't get me wrong, the service was very nice, but it was painfully obvious that serving was an act of labor for the waitstaff. As I understand it, the culinary students must participate in the both front of house and kitchen duties, so it makes sense that these culinary students were not all that comfortable with the service side of the operation. They did a good job and achieved every task, but it was obviously something that did not come naturally to them. I had a great time and will make it a priority to return again if I am in the area. As another benefit to the experience, because this restaurant is a labratory for the students, the prices were incredibly reasonable. There were 9 of us for lunch, and the total bill was $250, including an automatic gratuity (which was a low 14%). If you have the chance, go, take a friend or a client, enjoy the beautiful campus, love the food and wine and extend grace to the poor waiter who is probably far more comfortable in a chef jacket!
Absolutely incredible.  The menu changes often, so I can't tell you what dish to get, but rest assured that anything you order will be fantastic.  My dad and I shared mussels and a shrimp salad to start, then he had the sea bass and I had the pork tenderloin.  Everything was delicious.  For dessert, my dad had the almond brittle basket with sorbet and I had the salted chocolate pretzel tart.  I love sweet and salty so this dessert is one of my all-time favorites.  And, of course, the service was impeccable.
There's something kind of fun about eating at a culinary school. Not only can you have a fabulous meal, but you can also pick your waiter's brain about food, wine, and cooking advice without coming off as crazy.. or at least too crazy. The American Bounty is the restaurant to go to at the CIA. It's the last stop for graduating students and since the restaurant pulls from all over the Americas (Central, North, Southern, and every region in the US), there is truly something for every yen on the menu. Best of all, if you go in the off-season (winter), the restaurant offers a $30 prix fixe menu..which isn't too shabby either. My friend and I went in January and took full advantage of this bargain. I started my meal with the roasted squash soup which was beautifully presented but only okay. However, the star of the show was my main meal, a pork chop with red cabbage slaw, root vegetable mash, and honey mustard sauce. I had my pork pretty rare (as recommended by the chef) and it was spectacular. Add to that an extremely well-executed slaw and sauce and a lovely sauvignon blanc and mmmm. I savored EVERY bite. I chose the banana cream tart with vanilla bean ice cream for dessert which made for a lovely finish. Caramelized bananas, dark chocolate, ice cream, and some decaf coffee, I honestly couldn't ask for a better combo to finish my meal. The staff did flub my bill a bit, but hey, everyone makes mistakes. With the beautiful black and white photos, a highly attentive staff, and satisfied stomach, I left American Bounty more than content and more than willing to brave New York's bitterly cold weather again for another dish as amazing as that pork chop. FYI- The CIA also automatically adds a 15% tip to your bill, so there's no need for mental gymnastics. However, if you do add on a tip, it goes directly to your server, so I added on a sizable cushion because my waiter deserved it for putting up with all my questions and securing me the non prix fixe banana cream tart ( :
What a thrill to be here at the CIA--- gorgeous grounds, lovely restaurant, gracious service.  The menu sounded wonderful, the food was artfully presented, the wine/beer selections very good.  However, as a meal the food was disappointing to all 4 of us.  Some of our salads felt over composed, with too many flavors/textures, or most notably, the greens (arugula especially) tough, old.  Pasta was almost gooey in texture.  Cappuccinos were beautiful in appearance but watery with almost no coffee flavor at all.  We were surprised at the uneven quality of the meal.  But do we think the CIA is worth visiting again?  Yes!  The most exciting thing about a meal here is experiencing the creativity of future American chefs.
We called the Culinary Institute at 10:00 in the morning on a Saturday, and got a 12:30 lunch reservation the same day.  So much for the reputation that it takes a long time to make a reservation - that probably applies to dinner at L'Escoffier.  We went to the American Bounty for the variety, and were not disappointed.  I think I would have given our experience 5 stars if the students had been just a little more attentive with the service.  The food was stellar, and worthy of top rating.   First off, we ordered iced tea and were pleasantly surprised to get simple syrup instead of sugar for sweetener.  A variety of breads and muffins were next, from sunflower rolls to crusty multi-grain bread, to cheddar biscuits.  All executed perfectly, and delivered with a tray containing whipped butter, whipped herb butter, and .....smoked tomato jam!  Although we succeeded in getting recipes for some of the dishes on the menu, the smoked tomato jam is a closely guarded secret.  All we were able to find out was that the tomatoes are smoked in a "cold" smoker.  Needless to say, the jam is sensational - full of smoky flavor and not too sweet. My wife and I decided to get one of each of the four courses (excluding dessert), knowing that we would be full and unable to order dessert - but that's how we roll.  Appetizers were Pan Seared Scallops, perfectly cooked with a soft interior and a nice crust on the outside and Sweet Pea and Asparagus Ravioli.  The scallops were presented on a base of crispy potato and topped with tomato basil fondue and mache salad.  The ravioli were absolutely killer - in a lemon butter sauce with oyster mushrooms and fava beans.  I could have eaten a plate full as a main course and gone home satisfied. Next up were the soups - Lobster Bisque and Cauliflower with lemon oil and beet chips.  These were both extravagant and rich, perfectly seasoned.  I was happy to find lobster meat in the bisque - unusual when the soup is listed as a bisque. Now on to salad course - Shaved Asparagus and Artichoke, and Buttermilk Fried Oysters.  The asparagus was in a nice lemon parmesan vinaigrette and decoratively sliced on the bias, and the oysters were sweet and tender on top of arugula salad with roasted red peppers and papaya.  The dish was supposed to include avocado, but apparently avocado was not available.   Main courses were Pan Roasted Chicken Breast and Barbequed Short Ribs.  The chicken was deliciously crisp outside and juicy inside, served with Piquillo Peppers, Chorizo Brown Rice, Spinach, and a Lemon Thyme sauce.  Bursting with flavor, we cleaned the plate!  The short rib was removed from the bone, and a seriously large portion of meat surrounded by Potato Cheddar Croquettes, tender young haricots vert, and  Morel Mushrooms.  The meat was very satisfying and not overly "sauced".  The croquettes were perfect - crispy outside and filled with nicely flavored potato inside -  and presented on top of whipped potato that had been piped onto the dish.  Green beans were crisp and young.   Unable to fit in dessert, we ordered coffee.  Here, the staff could have presented us with options but they dutifully brought us coffee that was a little on the weak side.  I noticed another table with a french press being delivered, and ended up ordering a french press as a second round of coffee to get a strong enough cup to satisfy. All in all, an excellent meal - as good or better than any you would get in a 4 star restaurant in any big city.
Beautiful restaurant, peppy service from the students..but I felt the menu/food was uninspired. The food was okay, I wouldn't even say it was good, just okay. The pork belly app I had was a disappointment compared to the one I had at he Cookery I week earlier. There was no crispy skin that I feel is an  integral part of the dish. Same goes for the duck, no crispness to the skin to counterpoint the unctuousness of the fat from the duck. The profiteroles were great though.
This is a phenomenal restaurant. It is one of those rare places where the attention to every little detail is completely apparent and they are able to meld the craftsmanship of cooking with the artistry of exquisite presentation and taking people on a journey. Impeccable. There is nothing I can complain about. I also got a reservation one day ahead.
LOVED my dinner here last week. Our servers were great, very nice and informational. It's important to realize that they are not professional waiters and have, at most, only three weeks of experience. But their lack of experience was refreshing, they obviously all love food and it showed through. The food was all delicious and afterwards they gave us a tour of the kitchen. The campus overall was beautiful. I highly recommend the restaurant to anyone who is looking for something a little different.
Technique was flawless on all the dishes, but the service was something to be desired.  Starters were great.  The foie gra was insane.  Seared to perfection placed over an orange sauce and topped with cherries.  A must try, but they have daily preparations for this dish.  The caesar salad was over dressed and the country salad was a little wilted, but still good.  Main course was good, but not great.  Desert was the best.  I love the warm chocolate cake.  A definite must try.
The drive up to Hyde Park from the city is wonderful drive and once there you can also visit the Vanderbilt Mansion and the FDR estate.  In terms of American Bounty, the campus is gorgeous and has a nice setting overlooking the Hudson (it's a former monastery). The restaurant is always packed and reservations far ahead in advance are suggested.  I called the day before my visit after 4 pm to pick up a cancellation. My only complaint is not with the students or the school - it's with the patrons of the restaurant.  The school specifically says on the website that the dress code is business casual - button down shirts and slacks for men - definitely no shorts, baseball hats or flip-flops.  Yet there were several scum bags who walked in looking like they should be at a "Golden Corral".  What people don't understand is that if the customers get too casual, so will the students defeating the purpose of the program.         I had the crab cakes to begin - three small bit size cakes with a crisp outside and a moist interior.  The meat was shredded versus in chunks (I prefer nice chunks of crab meat) yet it was tasty. For an entree I had the rack of lamb which was cooked perfectly - perhaps the best lamb I have had in a very long time. What makes the CIA so great is the atmosphere and the intent - top students trying to learn their craft.  I love it and totally support the students.
Was really looking forward to a dinner at the Culinary Institute.  I was interested to see how the students would perform since they do all the serving and cooking.   We were very happy with our meals.   I started with a goat cheese and carmelized onion tart that was really well prepared.  The crust was flaky and buttery, just as I like it.   The goat cheese wasn't too strong, which allowed the onions not to get lost.  My main dish, brawised short ribs, was average at best though.  In fairness, my husband ordered the same thing and his came out a lot better than mine.  His were tender so he didn't even need a knife. Mine were anything but tender.   The root veggies that came with the meal, as well as the side dish of brussel sprouts were terrific.  We shared the coffee souffle to end our meal.  We weren't that thrilled with it.    It was a good effort by all and quite a feat for current student though.  I give them all the credit in the world.  I couldn't do what they do.
The food is well- prepared, the service prompt and earnest and the decor lovely. I had dinner with a friend of mine, taking advantage of their April prix-fixe dinner special. Until April 30th, American Bounty has a three course dinner special which includes tea or coffee for $29.99. Since I had never eaten at the Culinary, I could not pass up such a bargain.  To start with I had the steamed PEI mussels and my friend had the wiconsin cheddar beer soup. Both were excellent. Their special cocktail of the day: a champagne cocktail was memorable. The waiters were gracious with their bread service (code: they pleasantly turned the other cheek when we requested a slice of every bread imaginable. With such interesting varieties such as honeysuckle, challah and cheddar biscuit, it was hard to settle for just one so why bother?). I had the roast king salmon with peppers and onions and my friend had the roast cornish hen with the shoestring fries. Her fries were addictive and dessert was a pleasant finish: vanilla panna cotta and a warm molten chocolate cake with blood orange tea on the side. With such a pleasant experience, I definitely plan to come back in April to continue taking advantage of their prix-fixe special.
This restaurant was great. We loved everything we ordered. One great surprise was how accommodating they were to my vegan daughter. We explained to the waiter (who was graduating in a couple of days) that our daughter was vegan, and the chef prepared a special vegan risotto for her that she loved. The rest of the food was also outstanding. The menu encourages you to ask questions of the wait staff about their experiences at the CIA, and we took advantage of this, asking many questions. it was a lot of fun, and we were all very happy with our meals. Be sure to get a reservation in advance because they fill up quickly.
We made reservations way in advance and were looking forward to a great meal. There were 4 of us.  The food was presented very nicely and the service was great.   Two of us ordered the foie gras and were very happy both with the presentation and the taste.  The other two were great as well.  The short ribs we ordered as one of the dishes we not edible.  The presentation was nice and the smell great but 80% of the dish was fat.  We complained to the teacher in charge who was very nice and wanted to prepare a new plate of the same but I did not want to take the time or the chance of more of the same.  The other disappointment was the wine.  The all selected the pairing recommended.  The amount of the wine in the glass was miniscule.  Way way less than the normal glass of wine elsewhere.   The other, general comment, this grounds are big and beautiful.  The restaurants are not well marked and we had difficult time finding them and then finding our car.
This restaurant should get a 5+ just on spirit.  These enthusiastic students work like dogs but don't complain.  There is such attention to detail in each dish that is served.  I had the crabcakes which are nothing like the lumpy, breaded cakes one is usually served at the "finest" restaurants.  These were small, delicate cakes served upright like vietnamese spring rolls.  Mag-ni-fi-cent!  We shared an order of gnocchi which were on par with what I usually have at a conventional restaurant.  My seared pork chop was perfectly done, cut and draped atop fingerling potatoes.  I ate every bite (the chop was big, mind you).  Desserts were fine, but I am a chocolate addict and there was really nothing to cure that jones.  I had the creme brulee which my husband scarfed down.  He also enjoyed his own bread pudding.  Excellent wine (try the Lenz Chardonnay and the Joseph Carr Cab).  I loved this place.  It is (IMHO) very well priced and they will be offering a prix fixe option for the months of August and September.
Students cook and students serve, the prices, however, are not "student" prices but more like at good eateries in Manhattan, however, this should not deter anyone from experiencing a truly amazing food, a lot of it sourced from the local farms.  The menu is therefore, seasonal and the chefs go into great care to ensure top quality product such as the night we were there, the beef carpaccio was not available since the chef was not happy with how it came out.  So we had to settle for the foie gras :-), which was truly amazing.  I wish I lived closer to come here more often.
The drive up to Hyde Park from the city is wonderful drive and once there you can also visit the Vanderbilt Mansion and the FDR estate.  In terms of American Bounty, the campus is gorgeous and has a nice setting overlooking the Hudson (it's a former monastery). The restaurant is always packed and reservations far ahead in advance are suggested.  I called the day before my visit after 4 pm to pick up a cancellation. My only complaint is not with the students or the school - it's with the patrons of the restaurant.  The school specifically says on the website that the dress code is business casual - button down shirts and slacks for men - definitely no shorts, baseball hats or flip-flops.  Yet there were several scum bags who walked in looking like they should be at a "Golden Corral".  What people don't understand is that if the customers get too casual, so will the students defeating the purpose of the program.         I had the crab cakes to begin - three small bit size cakes with a crisp outside and a moist interior.  The meat was shredded versus in chunks (I prefer nice chunks of crab meat) yet it was tasty. For an entree I had the rack of lamb which was cooked perfectly - perhaps the best lamb I have had in a very long time. What makes the CIA so great is the atmosphere and the intent - top students trying to learn their craft.  I love it and totally support the students.
Was really looking forward to a dinner at the Culinary Institute.  I was interested to see how the students would perform since they do all the serving and cooking.   We were very happy with our meals.   I started with a goat cheese and carmelized onion tart that was really well prepared.  The crust was flaky and buttery, just as I like it.   The goat cheese wasn't too strong, which allowed the onions not to get lost.  My main dish, brawised short ribs, was average at best though.  In fairness, my husband ordered the same thing and his came out a lot better than mine.  His were tender so he didn't even need a knife. Mine were anything but tender.   The root veggies that came with the meal, as well as the side dish of brussel sprouts were terrific.  We shared the coffee souffle to end our meal.  We weren't that thrilled with it.    It was a good effort by all and quite a feat for current student though.  I give them all the credit in the world.  I couldn't do what they do.
The food is well- prepared, the service prompt and earnest and the decor lovely. I had dinner with a friend of mine, taking advantage of their April prix-fixe dinner special. Until April 30th, American Bounty has a three course dinner special which includes tea or coffee for $29.99. Since I had never eaten at the Culinary, I could not pass up such a bargain.  To start with I had the steamed PEI mussels and my friend had the wiconsin cheddar beer soup. Both were excellent. Their special cocktail of the day: a champagne cocktail was memorable. The waiters were gracious with their bread service (code: they pleasantly turned the other cheek when we requested a slice of every bread imaginable. With such interesting varieties such as honeysuckle, challah and cheddar biscuit, it was hard to settle for just one so why bother?). I had the roast king salmon with peppers and onions and my friend had the roast cornish hen with the shoestring fries. Her fries were addictive and dessert was a pleasant finish: vanilla panna cotta and a warm molten chocolate cake with blood orange tea on the side. With such a pleasant experience, I definitely plan to come back in April to continue taking advantage of their prix-fixe special.
This restaurant was great. We loved everything we ordered. One great surprise was how accommodating they were to my vegan daughter. We explained to the waiter (who was graduating in a couple of days) that our daughter was vegan, and the chef prepared a special vegan risotto for her that she loved. The rest of the food was also outstanding. The menu encourages you to ask questions of the wait staff about their experiences at the CIA, and we took advantage of this, asking many questions. it was a lot of fun, and we were all very happy with our meals. Be sure to get a reservation in advance because they fill up quickly.
We made reservations way in advance and were looking forward to a great meal. There were 4 of us.  The food was presented very nicely and the service was great.   Two of us ordered the foie gras and were very happy both with the presentation and the taste.  The other two were great as well.  The short ribs we ordered as one of the dishes we not edible.  The presentation was nice and the smell great but 80% of the dish was fat.  We complained to the teacher in charge who was very nice and wanted to prepare a new plate of the same but I did not want to take the time or the chance of more of the same.  The other disappointment was the wine.  The all selected the pairing recommended.  The amount of the wine in the glass was miniscule.  Way way less than the normal glass of wine elsewhere.   The other, general comment, this grounds are big and beautiful.  The restaurants are not well marked and we had difficult time finding them and then finding our car.
This restaurant should get a 5+ just on spirit.  These enthusiastic students work like dogs but don't complain.  There is such attention to detail in each dish that is served.  I had the crabcakes which are nothing like the lumpy, breaded cakes one is usually served at the "finest" restaurants.  These were small, delicate cakes served upright like vietnamese spring rolls.  Mag-ni-fi-cent!  We shared an order of gnocchi which were on par with what I usually have at a conventional restaurant.  My seared pork chop was perfectly done, cut and draped atop fingerling potatoes.  I ate every bite (the chop was big, mind you).  Desserts were fine, but I am a chocolate addict and there was really nothing to cure that jones.  I had the creme brulee which my husband scarfed down.  He also enjoyed his own bread pudding.  Excellent wine (try the Lenz Chardonnay and the Joseph Carr Cab).  I loved this place.  It is (IMHO) very well priced and they will be offering a prix fixe option for the months of August and September.
Students cook and students serve, the prices, however, are not "student" prices but more like at good eateries in Manhattan, however, this should not deter anyone from experiencing a truly amazing food, a lot of it sourced from the local farms.  The menu is therefore, seasonal and the chefs go into great care to ensure top quality product such as the night we were there, the beef carpaccio was not available since the chef was not happy with how it came out.  So we had to settle for the foie gras :-), which was truly amazing.  I wish I lived closer to come here more often.
