My first thoughts when a friend drove me to the Topper was "Where the hell are you taking me?" It is not in the greatest of neighborhoods in Niagara Falls but you have to know it is there. I had a fish fry broiled about $11. My friend had "the best $20 steak he  ever tasted". We asked for seperate checks butthat caused our tables entrees to not be served together. To make up for it the second glasses of wine were complimentary. Great service. Reasonable prices. Great food I was vey pleased. Strongly recommmended.
I'm sorry but the truth is the truth.  I felt the atmosphere was very strange- like an early 80's banquet hall. The food was really hyped but didn't live up to the hype of being "chef prepared". A dining companion ate the Alfredo and was immediately very sick in the restroom. The establishment was being a little strange and awkward because we were still finishing our dinner when they wanted to start some sort of entertainment we had not paid a ticket for. I felt like I was eating at a discount wedding from 1979. It was more than a little odd. The staff seemed to stare at us oddly because they didn't know us- and they seemed to know everyone else in the place. Is this an actual club with membership? Very confued.  I won't try again.
Great place, was visiting from D.C. and had a groupon to eat here with my family. First, the decor was awesome, my sister loved the band posters and wished we had come when there was a show. The stuffed banana peppers were the greatest thing ever, get them for sure. I can't say enough about the steaks. The filet and NY strip rivaled the steaks I've had in D.C. And NYC hands down. Dessert was just as noteworthy. But better than anything else was the service. Personal, funny and just kind. Stop by, you will love it, and that's from a typically cynical person like me! Can't think of anything negative to say about this place.
This place is really great! Unfortunately there's a lotta riff raff in the neighborhood though. Don't let that deter you from coming here. Owner Carl DeFranco has worked very very hard at bringing the Topper back to life. A historic establishment that was once even a speakeasy now offers live entertainment nightly. They have both a casual menu and dining menu available whether you choose to take a table or eat in the bar. Nightly and lunch specials available. A place like this can really start to change the face of a neighborhood And I seriously hope it does!
As a former resident of Niagara Falls, I was surprised to learn of this new restaurant. The food is absolutely phenomenal! We can't stop coming back for the French onion soup! The best we've ever had. Also a fantastic draft selection with rotating taps. Try the blueberry ale, my favorite. (Blue point blueberry ale)
