I hosted my husband's surprise 30th birthday party here. The staff were very welcoming and attentive to our group. The demonstrated step by step techniques because most of us were beginners. We spent most of the time on the high ropes course and we wished we had more time for rock climbing. Overall: The equipment and instruction made me feel safe and everyone enjoyed themselves. The staff were easy to work with and they let me set up early for the party and took care of ordering the pizza and party supplies. The only negative note was one of the workers kept saying good job as if we were little kids which got a bit annoying.
Not impressed with the facility. Nor the policies. This is the first rock gym I've gone to where they want to pay to belay. On top of that, its basically the price of admission to get a card (that expires too), so be prepared to pay for yourself twice first time you go. Also, I question what use that card is, because while climbing near the training class, the staff missed on a lot important concepts that should have been covered, regardless of the fact there are GriGri's in place. Since I was annoyed at the belay cost, my friend and I stuck to bouldering only, which was reduced admission, so that was a small plus. However their two "caves" are very small, and the routes seemed to be missing rocks, or taping was incomplete. Talking to the staff we found out that the owner removed all ceiling grabs in an overly neurotic sense of safety, since the fall would be 2 feet onto 3feet of mats. So we switched to climbing horizontally along the main walls, which wasn't an issue since it wasn't crowded. I'll end this on a positive note saying, there were a lot of walls, which would be good for variety and no waiting around.
Rock Ventures is a huge rock climbing gym with plenty of routes, and you never have to wait for a climb. The staff is knowledgeable, laid back, and very friendly (with the exception of one older man, possibly the owner, who is unnecessarily condescending and loves to tell everyone that they are going to die if they don't hang off of every word he has to say), and there is occasionally a very friendly golden lab wandering around. Side-note: all of the ropes have GriGri devices and the climbing knots tied into carabiners, so you don't need to bring your own belay device or even to brush up on your knot skills.
This is the 4th or 5th time coming here and the 2nd birthday party we've had here. We opted for the party where they provide the rope holders. Love that the option to file the consent electronically is now available. The staff is great and attentive from beginning to end. They called the kids by their names (name tags on front and back). They encouraged all the kids but also listened to them when they were scared or had enough. At the end of the party, they even helped us load everything into the car. My kids can't wait to go back!
First time trying out indoor rock climbing and I'm definitely a fan! I went with a large group (about 12 people) for my birthday and they were very accommodating. We even got a sweet deal on our belay training. It's spacious and there are paths for different levels, even beginners like me. Everyone in our group was happy. It was nearly empty on a Saturday night, but I hear other times are packed. A friend also told me that this is nothing compared to the Red Barn at RIT, which I will have to try out soon.
I had a really wonderful experience at Rock Ventures. I have never been climbing before, and their staff was super knowledgeable, patient, and explained everything in detail. After our belaying class was done I felt confident to climb! My boyfriend and I climbed for a bit, and then since we were there for the V-Day special, we got to experience the leap of faith and vertical playpen too. The LOF was by far the scariest thing I've done in a while. Jumping off of a ceiling type beam and hitting a bell mid air will get your adrenaline pumping! The vertical playpen was really neat but definitely hard! All of the other climbers were very nice as well, and cheering people on to push themselves. The staff was never more than a few feet away, and had some good tips on how to climb or let you know when you were doing something wrong. You could definitely tell that safety was their main concern. (Fun wasn't too far behind though!) I will hopefully be going back soon, even though its about an hour ride, it was definitely worth it!
This rock gym does not cater to those out of town who wish to keep their climbing skills sharp. There is a required belay course - doesnt matter if you lead 5.13 outside or have 5 other certifications at other gyms, you need to pay about 20$ for a course you do not need, atop of the daily rate, in order to climb here. Considering other gyms provide a free exam for belay and lead... this is unacceptable. The response I received was that this was done for legal purposes - I think it was done to make some money off training. If someone can furnish proof that they have been belay and lead certified at other gyms, why not just give them the exam? Heck, make them take the course if your so an@l, but dont charge for it. Suppose I will not be climbing here, nor recommending this place to any of my fellow climbers coming to the area.
This is something you must try at least once. I have a terrible fear of heights and arm strength equivalent to a three year old so it's a challenge for me. Although, I recently heard that you should rely on your leg strength more to push you upwards versus using your arms to pull you up. Note to self for next time. It's a great workout and surprisingly fun date if you're into active outings. The belay training is quick and painless took about ~15 minutes. There's staff around to help you out when you need it. There's a variety of climbing walls for any difficulty level from the beginner to expert level climbers. I've been visiting for years and it's one of those places that if you grow up in Rochester, you probably visited for a birthday party or mixing it up with friends for a weekend outing. Belay training (knowing how to work the ropes and serve as an anchor for your climber) is required before climbing, but they have training sessions every hour during the weekdays (4-7pm) and every 30min on the weekends. It's a two-person activity so bring a friend and I recommend calling ahead or making a reservation just in case.
