I've been coming to Appearance for hair cuts and colors since they opened forever ago.  Bill, who is one of the 2 owners, has always cut my hair and planned out my color.  He is phenomenal, and I always get lots of compliments on my hair (when I'm not being lazy and putting it in a ponytail).  Besides that, he is a nice, funny guy and conversation is always very easy and natural with him.  The ladies who assist with coloring and washing are almost always very careful and thorough.   The interior of the day spa is clean and nicely decorated.  If you are looking for that typical, complete "spa experience", this place will probably feel a little small.  That being said, they do offer a wide variety of services including massages, waxing, and mani/pedis, and there are separate, private areas for each.   My 5 stars are for the salon side of the spa, and I would absolutely recommend trying Appearance.
I used to go here when my hairstylist worked there. The salon is ok, very dark & could use an update. I've heard from past employees that the salon is not a great place to work & can't keep a good staff...funny enough, I always see ads on Craigslist for jobs at Appearance...
I had a gift card so made an appointment for uv gel nails.  First off they only had 5 colors to choose from- and 1 uv lamp.  The girl who did my nails couldn't seem to get the gel close to my cuticles no matter how many times I mentioned that there was a gap. She'd just layer it on thicker. In the end - it was what it was( the worst manicure I ever had) the next day I easily pealed it off  and went to love nails in fishkill to get a real manicure. The place was empty and felt dirty too- not recommended
Two times a year I go to the spa with the one time being for my birthday. I either treat myself to a day at the spa or am lucky enough to receive a generous gift from a loved one. I normally go to Marlene Weber, Haven or the city. Last year Marlene Webber mixed up my appointment and I ended up at Appearance Day Spa. The facial, mani and pedi were really good, but the massage was less than stellar and I was not warned that the masseur was a man which just annoyed me and is a little unprofessional to not be forewarned. Plus to be there for hours without being offered a snack made me side eye the staff. This year I was going to skip my usual celebration of going to the spa until my mother decided to treat us both to a day at the spa. Since it was last minute the only place that had any availability was ADS because I was not in the mood to go to the city or too far from the Valley. And I was willing to give them a second chance. So my mother calls and speaks to the receptionist (Christie) who really did not know what she was doing or understood my mother's request when she called and booked her for all the wrong services. My mom asked for two of everything and young Christie only booked her for one of a few things, but not everything she requested and apparently never put all the services on the schedule so when we arrived everyone was confused. Now I am sure things like this happen all the time or even some of the time, but the way in which the staff especially this really obnoxious guy with glasses acted was appalling. Not only was my mother quoted the wrong price for double services, but the staff proceeded to argue and become combative when we asked to reschedule and for a proper quote. Instead of just quoting the package price they have and adding one extra service this obnoxious and condescending man proceeds to shoot his mouth off shouting out prices, not stating what the price was for simply saying "Oh well the price would be no where near that it would be $75 $75 $15 $15 $35 $45 $75....and so on" I knew how much the price was as I stated I went last year so I know there is a package that would have accommodated us and would would just have to add one additional service, but this man also says well all those services are a la carte. So of course instead of rescheduling my mother and I just said no thanks and walked out. I have never met a more unprofessional and unapologetic group of people in my life. As I stated earlier I go to the spa often and most of the time it is twice a year for a full day of services (not chump change), this whole in the wall "salon" which is really not even a spa needs to take a course in customer service. The only discussion should have been we are sorry for the inconvenience, btw happy birthday and what can we do to resolve this since we messed up. None of the above was apart of the conversation and I will never go back to Appearance Day Spa nor recommend them to anyone I know. I am utterly disgusted by the behavior I witnessed the morning of Saturday, March 15.
Everyone who works here is rude. I've gotten waxing from the same person at least 5 times, and she acts like she's never met me. The guy who I think is the owner looks at me like I have 3 heads. They are always running late. Got my hair dyed once here and ended up with dye all over the back of my shirt. Horrible place.
I made an appointment on Spafinder.com for an updo at Appearance Day Spa; however, appointments must be made directly with the spa.  Nevertheless, when I arrived without a legit appointment, I was seen immediately and treated beautifully by the entire staff.  I left with an updo that lasted long into the evening, and I was completely satisfied with my experience.  Thank you, ladies and gents at Appearance Day Spa!
I have been here a few times over the years and have been pleased with the experience. They are friendly and professional. I have typically gone for package experiences and have purchased gift certificates for family who have enjoyed themselves.
