What a fabulous free event right here in our own backyard. Shakespeare in Delaware Park is an event almost everyone will enjoy...  whether it's a date night, get together with friends, or even by yourself it's a great destination! Pack up some snacks, some drinks (if you'd like), and a chair/blanket and make your way over to Delaware Park by 7/7:30 to enjoy some Shakespeare Tuesday through Sunday evenings. Earlier this summer, Henry V was performed and The Comedy of Errors is the current performance which goes until August, 17th, 2014. Next summer Twelfth Night and Romeo and Juliet are in the works for a big anniversary year! Also at Delaware Park during Shakespeare is a small concession stand - I believe for hot dogs or popcorn - as well as a gift shop of sorts, selling tumblers, totes, etc. The coffee truck was also spotted both times I went to Shakespeare if you need a little pick me up/caffeine burst. All in all, I love that this is a free show, it occurs on many evenings throughout the summer, you can bring your own food, there's plenty of free parking, AND the actors and stage are fantastic!
Us yelp elites enjoyed Celine's leadership and hospitality this perfect Sunday July eve in our own special section of seating high on the hill for this 39th season of Shakespeare In Delaware Park. We even got a shout-out at intermission and our little troupe of ten sounded like fifty! Our hats off to Founder/Artistic Director, Saul Elkin. ((applause)) It's a bring whatever you like event. Families and couples hauled in portable chairs, found a spot and unpacked lovely spreads of food and drink to enjoy. In spite of some libations, there wasn't an obnoxious peep to be heard. There were a few notable professional actors in the Comedy of Errors cast appearing under special agreement with Actors' Equity Association, how grand is that? Do plan to arrive early to score decent seating. Wear comfy walking shoes, you'll be schlepping the chair and grub a ways. Bring cash, you'll want to contribute (they dream of $20/person but whatever you can scrape up will do) at pass-the-hat time and patronize the gift hut (they accept credit cards) where there are some nice items, like unique plastic wine sippy cups, perfect for the lawn, sweat shirts, memberships, this-and-that. They need continuous community support to keep this tradition FREE. Super glad I packed bug repellent, it is a dewy lawn at dusk after all. It was a beautiful summer sight to see Hoyt Lake in the background, to see the luxuriously mature trees all around, the stage at the foot of Shakespeare Hill behind the Rose Garden looking creatively maintained. Surely we'll await big plans for 2015 and Shakespeare In Delaware Park's 40th anniversary.
Ahhh, the Yelp Community got together this night (7/27) and spent a fine evening enjoying Comedy of Errors performed by the Shakespear in Delaware Park Troupe. With our Yelptern, Celine leading the way greeting fellow Yelpers and assuring all had name tags, we mingled some and got to meet some new friends. Well done on Celine's part. As for the play, it was very well done and kept the audience laughing at the well meaning jokes. During intermission the actors mingled with the gathered and took donations, (and I might add partook in any and all munchies that were offered them!!) Feed them, they earned it!! Great way to spend a lovely summer night.
Shakespeare in Delaware Park is back! For 36 years, volunteers from the community having been bringing Shakespeare to the stage ---  for free! Hidden alongside the picturesque Hoyt lakefront, the 2013 Season kicks off with Hamlet. And wow, what a show! We got there a little early (about 30 min) to get a nice seat at center stage, and brought our own chairs and a picnic foods. Just pizza does have a flier in the program saying that they'll deliver pizza right to the field! Many people brought their own wine and refreshments. It was a great crowd. Lots of people, but not cramped. Kids laying on blankets, dogs hanging with their owners in the fields... but everyone behaving. Just a great night. They had food vendors at the top of the hill, and a souvenir stand selling everything from clothing, wine glasses, pens, umbrellas... all to help defray the costs of the show. The acting was very high quality. I was impressed. They even took on high school interns and gave them small parts and the ability to be on stage in the background or moving furniture, which is very sweet. We had a great time, and this is a perfect cheap date idea! Bring a bottle of wine and discuss the similarities between Hamlet and The Lion King under the stars. Plus, the show runs from 7:30-11pm, so you still have time to get a drink afterwards. If you have kids, bring pillows and let them fall asleep while the grown-ups watch the show! Intermission is around 9, so you can also sneak out or come late. Go see this. You won't be disappointed.
The quality (and length) of the performances vary but it is a fun community event. Outside in the summer and free. Bring blankets and bug spray if you want to remain comfortable. Also, the availability of food and snacks there is uncertain so bring your own (there is usually a hot dog stand and sometimes even a food truck). I never get there too early because frankly, I find it easier on my back to sit near the top of the hill. my one big warning: beware of summer saturdays and check the schedule for party on the portico. we watched hamlet the other day and music from the wedding reception on the portico (or perhaps it was at the albright knox) made it really hard to hear and enjoy.
4.5/5 Being from NYC and having waited in long freaking lines to get tickets (unsuccessfully) for Shakespeare there, I am glad that I can always get a spot here in Buffalo. I've been to this event several times. The productions are always extremely well done and its always a good time. Advice: Bring chairs, blankets, wine, picnic food, dress in layers, bug spray it up!, and bring your patience*. I would also go about an hour earlier than showtime to make sure you like where you sit. Also bring hand wipes or sanitizer! *(Some people just are rude and bring tiny children to this event and don't parent them or people will sit right in front of you when there's obviously no space...) Definitely worthwhile to go with friends or a significant other!
We went on a Friday night while hamlet was being performed. The show started at 7 30 but we arrived around 5 30. The crowds start to fill in around 6 15 so getting there early will guarantee you a nice view on the hill. There is only street parking so plan on carrying your chairs and coolers a little distance. There are no sanctioned concessions at the event. There was a hot dog vendor and also the Rollin Joe truck for coffee and desserts. You are allowed to bring anything you want such as wine, beer, pizzas, cheese and crackers, subs and the list goes on. The play that night was hamlet. The actors are very professional as are their costumes. Thankfully weather was great because Hamlet was 3 and a half hours with a 20 minute intermission. All in all, this is a great free event to do with your family and friends. Don't forget to donate some cash during the intermission when the actors make their rounds. This guarantees the programs remain free to all.
This place is a must in the summer time. Sometimes the shows are too long, sometimes you get rained out but mostly it is a lovely experience with truly talented actors in a gorgeous location by Hoyt Lake. Seating options available, food options, a little SIDP shopping hut. Pack your own food, comfy blankets and bug spray. Such a gem!
Definitely a fun experience. I love how they jazz up some classic Shakespeare plays! Bring a picnic blanket/towels, some food and enjoy the show! There are some bees that can lurk around if you are deathly allergic -- but its a park, so its expected.
Went to see "Much Ado About Nothing", now in it's final week, as my first time to Shakespeare in the Park. Overall I was very impressed. They've been doing this for 35 years now and they certainly figured out the formula. While the acting was spot on, what I really liked was that they didn't just take a Shakespeare play, dress everyone up in tights and fruffy shirts and go have a grand old time in Victorian England. Instead the costumes were fairly modern and you could tell it was set in a fairly modern age though it never took away from the story. They also took the liberty to make the show a musical of sorts. There were few large musical numbers and usually they only took place during scene changes or as a background activity while something else was happening. Overall it worked well. Some of the song selections were a bit cheesy but in the end it was a nice break up from just dialog. The only criticism I have of Shakespeare in the park was the intermission. After the first act all the performers came out on stage and talked a little bit and then asked for donations or encouraged you to become a member. All well and good, but it just seemed to drag on and they tried some improv type humor which just really didn't go over well. Otherwise, everything was excellent. Take some bug spray on hot nights or long pants and sleeves if it's cool. Remember to bring that bottle of wine, bread, and cheese and enjoy your night of entertainment.
Went to see "Richard III" last Friday at Shakespeare in Delaware Park.  Was a bit unsure of this one, I prefer the comedy's or tragic-comedy's but was looking forward to this none the less.  As a big plus was the casting of Tim Newell as Richard.  A great part for one of the most amazing actor's in Buffalo. As always one of the best parts about Shakespeare in Delaware Park is the tail-gating, Delaware Park style.  Pick nick dinners, wine, snacks and the like always make the pre show a great time.  We spied the most wonderful looking fruit salad this year, melons, kiwi, blueberries, strawberries all served, and hopefully marinated in, a large goblet of red wine.  We also met a marvelous Bassett Hound named Bud, who decided to share our blanket from time to time, and warm our hearts. We were not disappointed in the performance either, Mr. Newell was superb in the lead roll, as expected.  His performance of Richard's many monologues made us feel he was speaking to each on of us individually, letting us into his little schemes and plots as a confidante. Equally dazzling in her performance was Lisa Vitrano as Queen Margaret.  Her passionate delivery made here a perfect opposite in the scenes where she shared the stage w/ Richard. Don't really need to say this, but we will be back again.  The next production starts in late July and is my personal favorite "A Mid Summer Night's Dream".
One of Buffalo's greatest community traditions, Shakespeare in the Park has been running for over 30 years. They perform two plays every summer, this summer the lineup being "Richard III" and "Midsummer Night's Dream." It's free to attend; I recommend getting here at least an hour prior to the start of the show with your blanket/air mattress / lawn chairs / wine and food. Although you can purchase polish sausages, hot dogs and other grilled food during intermission, bringing your own food is encouraged. Shakespeare in the Park is comprised of mostly local actors who audition before the season starts. It's an integral part of Buffalo's local Theater community, giving local actors a chance to express their craft for an audience of over 50,000 every season (giving it the distinction of being the largest Shakespeare festival in the country after NYC). The performances have always been professional, with the acting, costume design and lighting being top-notch. You can tell a lot of care and creativity was put into the different elements in the performances. Although Shakespeare in the Park was originally a sister-project of UB's Theatre Department, it has evolved to its own professional status among the Buffalo arts. While young actors still get smaller roles and as an audience member, you may notice some nervousness from these actors, the major roles are carefully cast and you get to appreciate that young actors have a local place where they can get the experience they need in Shakespeare. This is a great place to bring a date, enjoy some cuddling time on the blanket (although the hill and mosquito's may make that somewhat uncomfortable), while you kick back and relax under the outside air. The plays generally start around 7/7:30 and go until 10p (or later), so you'll get to see a nice sunset while you attend. I love that this exists with such flair here in Buffalo and I hope to enjoy it for decades to come.
The actors that work on this crew are very talented every year. Having this great activity to partake in as an audience member is always great. It's one of the educational, fun and free things that Buffalo has to offer in the Summer time. The actors also do not get paid and the organization depends on donations from all of us who come out and are entertained by them each week in beautiful Delaware Park. This is great to bring your children, family member or significant other. We have a lot of great projects going on in Buffalo year round, but this is a particularly great educational event organized by a great group of talented folks. My favorite show they put on is the comedy ones, those are great and cleverly put together.
I've been going to see their productions for as long as I can remember. They are professional level and always entertaining. The costumes and sets are always intricate and beautiful. Let's be honest: what is more perfect than meeting some friends in a park, with a potluck picnic on a summer night and watching an interesting and well produced play? All they ask is donations, so bring a blanket, some food and sit back and enjoy!! I've seen well over 20 of their productions, and never been disappointed.
SDP is a must for buffalo residents. You can't argue with free, and you need more culture in your life.
Saw a really fun version of The Tempest in Delaware Park with some friends, some food and a couple bottles of wine. Not a Royal Shakespeare production by any means, but you can't really go wrong at an event like this, sitting on a hill outside with the rest of the community. Totally worth attending if your travels bring you to Buffalo in the summertime.
It's not actually on main. This is just their offices. The theater production is actually done on Shakespeare hill which is approximately near Bidwell parkway and Rumsey drive. Shakespeare in the Park is one of the best parts about Buffalo in the summer. A great performance of a classic (usually one tragedy and one comedy a year) in a great setting. And don't worry. It's not one of those theater productions that covers Hamlet and Romeo and Juliet year after year. they do dig into the archives a bit and play less often performed classics. But the setting is great for a date. It's a nice romantic spot for a picnic, to drink some wine in the grass on a gorgeous summer night. and it's totally free* *note, that they come out with bags and doleful eyes during the intermission asking for donations. They also have special restrooms for "members only." There's usually one nasty looking port-o-potty for the non-members, but no one checks, so feel free to use the cleaner members only toilets. I think they're mostly there to just remind you to donate. (which you should, because the performances really are worth it)
