Ambiance is everything to me when it comes to yoga. This place is instantly calming. When you walk into the building it's like a mini maze trying to find the check in area. We were new to Breathe so the sign up took a little longer - give yourself 5 extra minutes. The drop in rate was $16. The yoga room is quite large perhaps a former library or ballroom in this grand historic home. The decor remains in it's original intent with subtle eastern touches like metal slotted light fixtures, which dim and bounce the light throughout the room. The teacher lit incense prior to class so it almost seemed spa like... at least like a sauna.   Now to the workout. I did a power vinyasa class. The room is heated so be prepared for that off the bat -- 85degrees or so. You will sweet. There's a continuous flow though the poses so you're getting in cardio, strengths training and stretching. I was tired and refreshed all at once following the class. I liked that there is music throughout but not too zen, some songs I recognized. Helped distract my mind and keep me focused on the class and my poses. Bring a towel and potentially another one to top your mat so you don't slip. Many of the ladies in the class were pretty advanced, sliding into their inversions with ease. But don't let that deter you. Keep practicing and you'll be there in no time. I'm looking forward to more classes here every once in a while. Parking is in the back and you enter at the main door you pass along the driveway.
3.5 really Breathe does what it does well.  That being said, what they do just isn't for me.  I like my yoga genuine, fast-paced, sweaty, cheap, low-key, with rockin' music and lots of wacky poses.   It's a maze finding where the yoga takes place but when you do, you are rewarded with a beautiful boutique in an old Victorian house.  They often have juice samples.  They have an efficient card scan system for check-in.  But it also gives it sort of a schmultzy, corporate feel. Everyone is dressed in fancy yoga gear and you get strange looks if your generic leggings are fraying at the seams (me).  The two studios are well lit and clean.  It's just a little too put together for it's own good.  I prefer dirty, honest hole-in-the-walls.  Classes also get CROWDED. The schmultzy corporate feel DOES NOT apply to the instructors.  I was happy to find the actual yogis sincere, and the classes physically challenging.  The "flow" and music depends on the teacher but I've never had a BAD experience here.   The biggest PRO: they have a wide variety of class types/times.  Fits my bizarre schedule the biggest CON: price.  It's the most expensive drop-in yoga I've found in Rochester.  16$ each class.  (I know this is cheap nation-wide but I'm talkin' Rochester price expectation)
I only have the Pittsford location to compare it to, but this downtown Breathe location is absolutely stunning. First- the main entrance. Open the heavy door with old school handle and enter through a grand foyer. Take a minute to appreciate the beauty here. Next, continue down a wide open hallway, where on the right hand side is the most magnificent converted studio you could ever imagine. Hardwood floors, high ceilings, fireplaces, original? molding... It's completely, utterly, deliciously beautiful. I couldn't believe my eyes when I walked in, I was so excited. Opposite this large studio is a humble clothing/juice shop. It's also where you go to check-in for class. And if that's not enough, the people here- both instructors and students- are very down to earth (ahem, Pittsford). Everyone is fairly serious and ready to work, but not the least bit pretentious. And to top it all off, it's a nice 15 min (ish) walk from the Park Ave area. Best yoga experience in Rochester yet. Namaste!
I tried out the power vinyasa class at Breathe recently and really enjoyed it! As a novice to formal yoga instruction, my practice of yoga had been limited to P90x yoga. I was nervous because - what if I made a total fool out of myself and my hours with Tony Horton were completely futile?! The studio on East Ave is in the Hutchison House, right next to the Eastman House. It's one of those old, large homes from the 1920s that bears some history of being inhabited by previous benefactors to this city. This is pretty cool in terms of the studio, because the ceiling and moldings are gorgeous and can give you a focal point while you practice. I was just a drop-in, so I made my way past the throngs of women chatting in the hallway (why did this feel eerily like high school just before the bell rings?) to the little clothing and supplies store where I paid my $16 and checked in. Easy enough! The class was challenging but not impossible. Tony Horton didn't fail me! We went through the standard vinyasa moves of cobra, downward dog, warrior poses, chair pose, triangle, etc. It was fast and did require some previous knowledge of some of these poses, I think. Overall though, the class was full of women (and some men) of all skill levels and the instructor made it easy to adapt the exercises to suit your fitness level. The room was probably on the order of 85F or higher, which made for instantaneous sweating and after an hour and fifteen minutes I did feel like I got a good workout. I'd definitely go back again. There is a beginner power vinyasa class that is probably worth taking before the "open" level if you're totally new to these moves. A decent workout in a beautiful historic building.
