Awesome burgers! I can't believe I hadn't ever tried the food from this truck until yesterday, but I can now say that the fare from here is my new food truck favorite! I ordered 2 sliders- the 12 o'clock and the I Need A Break. On one hand, I had been craving falafel so it only made sense to order that slider. And on the other hand, the promise of bacon, BBQ, and fried onions on a little burger tickled my fancy as well. I was tempted to try the truffle fries but passed. They looked amazing though... Next time. The 12 o'clock was AWESOME! The falafel was sooooo good! The soft, buttery bun complemented the spicy, crispy falafel so nicely. The hummus and tomato/cuke/lemon salad added great flavor and acidity. I wanted 10 more of these after I finished the first. The I Need A Break was equally awesome in an entirely different way. The meat pattie was perfectly cooked and really tender. Tasty too! The toppings were as promised and delicious! The perfect burger, I must say. Better than any I've ever had in a restaurant, truly. Loved it! After 2 sliders, I decided enough was enough. Perfect portions, great flavors. I was satisfied in a way other food trucks have failed to provide me with. This truck is definitely my new favorite and I look forward to trying more sliders from here the next time I'm in food truck land! Yum!
I got a falafel burger with hummus, cukes and tomatos. One of those healthy choices Larkin Square requires trucks to have. It was delicious and sizable, probably the same size as a fast food burger but absolutely quality and delicious. The workers were really welcoming and the experience was really comfortable.   They only had Sprite to drink but luckily i'm into it.
Knight Slider has an excellent selection of choices for every eater. Today, perfect , enjoyed the Falafel . SO filled with a large well seasoned falafel shared with fresh veggies ( chopped tomatoes, cucumbers to name just a few). The lunch special enough for two with two sliders and the signature fries so delish and filling.   The staff are always greeting you with a smile. Prices very fair and reasonable for this made to order , fresh option. So glad to have the Knight Slider in the 716 and in the City of Buffalo. Worth the stop.
I do not have a job that lends itself to trying out food trucks who are usually the busiest during lunch, so when I am on vacation, I try to treat myself. I found that Knight Slider was at a new location for them near the airport as I was on my travels running errands so I decided to try them out. My only previews of the menu came from the Buffalo Food Trucks general site earlier in the morning. I had only read a few reviews, so I was going in without much previous knowledge. I got there without much of a crowd as it was pre-noon and went with the combo for $8.50 of two sliders and fries. Have to say that the two burgers I had were two of the best ones I have had in a while. I went with The Kitt (parm/blue cheese sauce and bacon) and The "I Need a Break" (cheddar, fried onions, BBQ sauce). Both had soft, substantial burger buns that were perfect for the size and the patties were moist, piping hot, and not dried out! Each of the set of toppings were tasty and fresh. I could just eat spoonfuls of that parm/blue cheese sauce.  The fries were crisp, hot, and I liked the lemon parsley blend for a nice bright contrast to the burgers/toppings. Truck staff was super friendly, food came out fast, and my mouth is already watering thinking of my next trip to the Knight Slider!
I went to try this truck out at the larkin square a week ago and I was pleasantly surprised! I had tried the scallop slider with slaw and it was great. It was a lighter dish, so I was feeling overstuffed and not able to continue to walk around. I did however go back for some truffle fries and I am happy I did! The staff was laid back, extremely nice, and always had a smile on their faces even when the line was huge! Great service and food. I would recommend everyone to try it!
I love the concept of sliders: a small burger for only $3.50 which affords the opportunity to try multiple different types of mini-burgers rather than fill up on one huge burger. I opted for the "Kitt" - small beef patty with Parmesan-peppercorn, bacon and bleu cheese.  I can still recall the amazing combination of flavor.  The beef was tender and the bun was soft and in good proportion to the burger. I saw many people ordering the truffle fries which looked absolutely delicious.  I would definitely order those next time around! Can't wait to find this food truck again!
Review of the 12 o'clock falafel slider only: I LOVE it. I've had it twice now and it's my favorite vegetarian offering of any food truck's food that I've tried so far. This is my kind of falafel; properly loaded up! I usually take issue with falafels because they can tend to be dry if not made properly, but this baby is topped up with hummus, cucumber, tomatoes, lemon zest and whatever else that truly makes my taste buds dance with joy. I love the myriad of flavors all hitting my mouth at once. It's a slider so it's pretty small, but two of these babies will fill up even the hungriest behemoth. This truck also offers some scallop sliders which I haven't fully tried. I have tasted the scallops, which are incredibly fresh -- but not the sliders themselves. They're usually sold out of them by the time I get here. Love this truck!
Perhaps I could have saved myself the despair had I thoroughly read the menu, so I take half the responsibility.  However, when you are in a long line and there are people everywhere, you feel a little under the gun to make a rapid decision.   So when I read the menu posted on the truck I saw "12 o'clock slider", followed by "our homemade premium falafel", then blah, blah, blah skipped over the rest.  Had I have read the *entire* description as follows:  Homemade premium falafel, pickles with homemade cucumber, tomato, lemon and parsley salad topped with homemade hummus spread in a mini pita, I may have opted for something else.  That's a hell-of-a-lot of ingredients for one tiny slider!   In my first bite I was not only unimpressed, but it was quite inedible.  The mix of pickles and cucumbers, with the falafel and all the other crap was just wayyy too much.  I found myself picking apart the entire thing, until finally I just ate the falafel plain (which was good).  I think a simpler technique could have made this slider a home run.  Skip all the other stuff, throw the falafel on a pita with some of that good homemade hummus and you got yourself a good slider!  Quality over quantity here people! The guys in the truck were very friendly and nice.  I will definitely give them another try and order a different slider next time.  I will be sure to update my review.
Out of orders from 5 different food trucks last Tuesday at Larkin, the Knight Slider's burgers were tops in taste in my family's opinion. Tried the Hoff and Kitt. For $3.50 they are a decent size burger for a slider. Two for the price of $7 should fill you up and more than worth it in my opinion. I like the Kitt with its parm-bleu cheese blend just a slight notch above the Hoff but both were excellent. Took me a bit to finally find them, but well worth the wait. Will have to see about finding them again around town for sure.
I've had a tough time tracking this one down; no website, no calendar, just a twitter feed. But that's my only complaint. I finally checked them off my "to-try" list today after work. I really wanted a burger but was considerably torn when I saw the Seared Scallop Slider with Asian Slaw. I decided to be a pig and order both that and The Hoff Slider which is a beef patty with sharp cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, fried french onions and a homemade chipotle sauce. I had the Scallop slider second because I love scallops and haven't had them in a long time and I wanted to savor the flavor. It was very good but I think the bread actually distracted from the delicious taste of everything inside. I'd actually love to just have a bowl of that Asian Slaw with the Seared Scallops. So I ate the Hoff Slider first and that was A-mazing! Spilling with both caramelized and french fried onions, the mixture was just incredible with that chipotle sauce! The burger was done a delicious medium-well with just the slightest touch of pink. It was outstanding! I *almost* ordered another one to take home with me. I hope these guys can make themselves easier to find because I look forward to trying more of their menu...along with another Hoff Slider. :)
I finally caught up with these guys a few months and being a bit of a burger snob was happily surprised at the original slider and fries that I got. I caught up with them last night at a work function and had a phenomenal scallop slider (yeah, you heard me). It was tasty enough that I downed a second one to make sure the first wasn't a fluke. Well done on the scallops with a nice purple cabbage cole slaw - least that's what it looked like between mouthfuls. Good stuff, and a personable crew manning the truck. It's definitely a welcome part of the Buffalo Food Truck armada.
Certainly a gourmet burger truck! I had (through 2 visits)  the Kitt, Hoff, and I Need a Break. All were outstanding!
After trying to read their menu as fast as possible because they inexplicably have it on a screen for about 25 seconds then it switches to another screen with just their logo and phone number. Ordered a classic with cheese and bacon on it. $3.50 for one slider. Wat. I was the only order they had at the time, took almost 10 minutes and got my slider with nothing on it. There were 2 guys working and I was the only order... how is it humanly possible to mess the order up? So I ate my $3.50 dime sized patty and it tasted awful. Perhaps if I had my requested toppings on it but I'll never know. They spent a lot of time on their truck and clever name but seem to have ignored the food.
Don't hassle the Hoff! Hoff slider was perfection. Forget the name, but the blue cheese slider was excellent as well. Both were larger than expected. Got the two slider with fries (very crunchy with lemon salt and parsley, excellent!) Special for $8. Could have split it with someone for lunch I was so full. Friendly staff, delicious burg/fries...what else do you need? Go, go now!
Got the 12 o'clock (their falafel slider) and an order of fries today.   My food came out quick.  The slider was good.  The pita bun was nice and the falafel was freshly fried and dressed nice.  It's was small but that's what sliders are (and it's something I can never get past, but that's me).  The fries were great; crispy with tasty with lemon and parsley.  Not boring.  Both together were plenty for a lunch (probably a little too much, I'm feeling a little fat at the moment) which makes me happy when it only cost 6.50 total.   Plus they take credit cards!!  That rocks my world and I wish all food trucks (cough Lloyds) would get with it and them them too. Some of the more established trucks sitting back on their reputation better watch their back or the Hoff is gonna take their business
I was at work when a student of mine told me about the Knight Slider- being the (self proclaimed) food truck enthusiast that I am, I was surprised to be the one learning about a new truck. I visited the truck a few weeks back on a cold December night. The line was short (no waiting!) and my boyfriend and I decided it was the perfect time to grab a couple of sliders. I thought the prices were a bit steep for a single slider ($3.50-4) but hey, times are tough, gotta make a living somehow. While we were waiting for our sliders (maybe 5 mins), the aroma of fresh french fries filled the air as a couple standing next to us ordered some- while i didn't try the fries, they not only smelled amazing, but I overheard something along the lines of "these are SO good!' Add that to the ever growing list of things I want to try. We decided to go with the Original slider and the Hoff slider- to tell you the truth, I was most excited for the Hoff slider (caramelized onions, fried onions and cheese, talk about AWESOME), but the Original slider blew me away. It was the perfect combo between smokey and juicy- the flavor of the burger was robust and absolutely delicious. I'm talking finger lickin' good. The Hoff slider was delicious as well, however the flavor of the Original was unmatching. Also, the buns were lightly browned from the grill, and had a light buttery spread that coupled nicely with the flavor of the sliders. Not awesome- the price was a bit steep and the Hoff burger wasn't as flavorful as the original. All in all, a great new truck that just earned themselves a new repeat customer.  Well done.
Tried them at night on Elmwood and was very impressed. The burger came out fast and the bun was absolutely great. Ordered one regular slider and one with cartelized onions and cheddar, and to my surprise the regular one was the best! The burger is flavorful and the bun is buttery and toasted and it seemed the more toppings that were on, the more I missed the taste of the original. If these guys were around when I was at UB I would've spent all my change after leaving the bars in The Heights. Favorites: Original slider, plain and simple. Not-So-Favorites: $2.50 is understandable but $4.00 for a small burger can feel a little pricey especially when adding a few toppings almost doubles the price. Definitely worth trying if you haven't already!
I grabbed a scallop slider tonight from Knight Slider and was less than impressed. The scallops were floppy and the pairing with some Asian 'slaw left me unsatisfied. I didn't finish the sandwich. I did see a number of tasty looking sliders while I waited. I would suggest sticking to something more beefy. Their default medium temperature is welcome. I will be back as I want to try some of their burger sliders.
Lobster tail slider was a big disappointment. Yes, there were big chunk of lobster tails (no canned ones) but it was overlooked and very chewy. The worst part was it was too salty to taste anything even lobster or  the horseradish aioli.
Love the guys of Knight Slider. Unique and always delicious options, affordable too! The best Falafel (12 O'clock Slider) I have had in a long time, they sell out fast. The Hoff slider is another one of my favorites. The great thing about this truck is their manageable portions, which allows you to taste a few different items on the menu. Two thumbs up for sure.
Best food I have eaten in awhile!! A must try!! Gives a new meaning on food trucks.. And owner is real friendly and down to earth!!
I have eaten at this food truck twice, both times at the food market in Tonawanda.  The eggsplosion burger is phenomenal.  That beef patty is something special.  The flavor of just that is amazing, but with the fried egg, cheese and bacon, they put this burger over the top.
I've tried just about everything on the menu....it just keeps getting better. If you see this truck, STOP, order at least a slider then go about your day. You'll be happier.
I went to  food truck tuesday, sampled a bunch of food trucks and this was my favorite. I had the eggplosion hamburger and the truffle fries. The Eggplosion has delicious beef that tastes super fresh and quality. Tons of bacon, I would perfer strips but you can't complain about a lot of bacon even if it is cut up and slides out of the burger due to so much grease. Since I moved to buffalo I have discovered eggs on burgers, which if you are in a who cares mood is simply amazing. My wife wanted her egg a little more runny, I personally am glad it wasn't runny I didn't need any more mess. The truffle fries are amazing, thick fries, with tons of (i think) garlic all over them. I would have perfered them to come out a little hotter but even luke warm they were amazing. I also admire the play on 80's show Knight Rider, which I found funny wasn't obivious to my wife. When I see the "Knight Slider" around town I will make sure to visit, you should too!
Pretty damn good burgs and extremely tasty fries. I had 2 'I'm gonna need a break' sliders and let's just say that the title is accurate.
Saw this one Sat at NT farmer's market, returned the following Sat to get some! The parm truffle fries rival 800 Maple's and the Korean burger was epic. Love it. Can't wait to stumble upon them again!
So far I have tried all of the beef sliders except the fried egg (next in line), and all have been downright slider delicious. Im sure the falafel is good but i cant bring myself to order it with all that beef in front of me.The bacon was cooked just perfectly (crispy and so very tasty-a bacon lover cooks this bacon)on the the sliders with bacon, the buns are all fancy, toasted/grilled with something? I'll have to watch next time. To my surprise the French fries were AMAZING. I'm taking top 2 French fry favorites here. I'd love to see some specials pop up on the truck in the future- haven't heard of any yet...
I wouldn't have ever thought to put lemon on my fries, but the Knight Slider's use of lemon as an acidic note instead of vinegar was surprisingly tasty.  Combined with parsley and crispy fries that weren't too heavy, it was a great treat.  The original slider with bacon and caramelized onion was also a tasty treat, and the buttery toasted bun, appropriately sized for the burger, was a standout.  The scallop slider (the daily special) with Asian slaw was not a big hit for me.  The scallop was well cooked, but underseasoned and the slaw didn't add enough oomph to make up for it, but at least it was on that great bun!  Definitely recommend trying out the Knight Slider when they're in your area!
Just moved here from LA and was happy to try my first Buffalo Food Truck.  Tried the Hoff, Kitt and some fries with my husband.  I preferred the Hoff and he enjoyed Kitt.  Fries were super crispy which always wins me over. Overall the food truck was very comparable to any others I have had.
My friend was starving last weekend and can't turn away from a food truck so she had to stop. The guy let us stand inside the truck because it was snowing and my friend paid for my fries. I would absolutely buy those fries the next time I see the knight slider though because they were absolutely delicious!
I had the Big K , I think it was called, slider last week at the History museum parking lot food truck party.  I believe the K is for Korean style - braised and grilled pork belly.  I have to say it was beyond delicious in every respect.  My only gripe is that for a four bite sandwich made from a very inexpensive cut of meat, that you eat standing up,  $5.50 was just way too expensive.
Took me a while to get around to finding Knight Slider but I def came away impressed.  Expecting standard American fare, Knight Slider has some original and creative twists on their mini-burgers.  I had the Hoff (beef slider w/ cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, fried onions, and chipotle sauce), the K-Pop special (pork belly slider w/ maple vinaigrette, marinated cucumbers and grilled scallions), and fries for $9.  Both sliders had distinctly popping flavors and despite my skepticism of white dudes serving me Asian fare, they really hit the mark.  However, the fries might have been the best item.  The batter is heavily seasoned with lord knows what and topped w/ some herbs.  No ketchup required, that's how good.  The sliders individually are a little steep for their size, each running around $3.50.  However, the two sliders + fries deal of $8 ($9 if you pick a slider from the daily specials), it's a good deal.
