Remember that "low bridge, everybody down" song that you sang in elementary school for the unit on the Erie Canal? You get the live-action version on the Mary Jemison. I loved this two-hour cruise.  I had the pleasure of experiencing it for only $10 as part of a larger group, but the regular cost during the season is just $14.   Docked at the Corn Hill Landing, the Mary Jemison is a two-floored wooden boat, with the first floor (the lido deck?) of the ship incorporating a covered area, complete with party tables and chairs, a bar, and a walk-out open viewing area at the front of the ship.  The captain on our night had a captain's hat, beard, friendly personality, and great speaker system voice. Also, MJ has stairs leading up to the uncovered second deck, where the action happens, and where the views are most impressive.   The Mary Jemison sails along the Genesee River and the Erie Canal.  Prior to this evening aboard the Mary J, I don't believe that I have ever sailed while looking back at Rochester with my breath taken away. The views of the city are just gorgeous, unobstructed by anything but passing boats and the sparkling water.  As you sail, the Mary J passes by local parks and underneath footbridges.  The entire trip ignites (or reignites) a passion for the city and its beauty.   The cruise does not happen without some excitement.  When you reach the low bridges, just like in the song, you need to get down. It's not even a maybe get down.  The Mary J provides comfortable deck chairs for you to sit on, as you marvel at how close you were to possibly getting conked in the head by the rusty iron bridges above you.  It's a bonding moment for you and your fellow passengers, and really an experience that I will never forget. I took the sunset cruise, which means that you get to see Rochester's city skyline lit up and magical at night.  However, the cruise is also offered in the afternoon from May through October.  You are able to order lunch, dinner and beverages on board, in addition to the ticket price.  I won't bore you with the story behind the name of the boat, but it's worth looking up the real lady. I will say that Mary Jemison lived a life complete with excitement and adventure.  She is a fitting namesake for this affordable and adventurous experience down our local waterways.
