Bonefish Grill has a nice decor and ambiance. The staff and service were excellent as they stopped by often to follow up. Ordered Chilean Sea bass with mango salsa sauce. The fish was tender and grilled just right, not overcooked. Sea bass seems to go well with mango salsa in term of combining texture and I'm sure it'd do just fine with other sauces they have. The bread was okay and a side order is pretty typical. Did not try wine selection to go with seafood dish, maybe next time. Overall, it was a pleasant experience considering it's a chain restaurant.
Pros: Parking lot, service, "The Angler's Steak" special, Bonefish Cesar, Herbed Jasmine Rice, Macadamia Nut Brownie Cons: Main dish vegetables of the day Parking space: Enough for all customers Good for big groups: Yes On Saturday, around 5:00PM, the restaurant was incredible crowded for a place that opened 30ms ago. But there were still free tables and I and my wife don't need to wait to sit. The dining room was big and comfortable and is divided in two environments to make happy the people that are only for a happy hour or for dining like us. The waitress service was very good too. She was always paying attention to my table checking if we needed anything more. This time I came here to eat the "Angler's Steak" special with Herbed Jasmine Rice. Overall, the experience was fantastic as always. What makes me and my wife truly fans of this place. The salad was delicious, the steak was juice and the rice was seasoned. But the only thing that I didn't like was the vegetables. But it was a question of taste. I don't like to mix tomato sauce with my meat. But the desert made me forget about the vegetables, the mix of the brownie and macadamia nuts makes multiplies the taste of the desert. So, if you are person that likes fish or not this is place that makes everyone happy.
Fun cocktails and yummy appetizers. Had a drink with some colleagues after work. Bang bang shrimp and wagyu beef dumplings were tasty. Wait staff knowledgeable and attentive. I will definitely go back for dinner sometime soon.
I have never had a bad meal here. In fact it has always been good. This is one of the few national chains that I like...and have ever liked. They are definitely getting it right.
This place really surprised me. I was expecting olive garden/red lobster type meals for around the same price but what I've gotten has always been soo much better than said chains. First, the ambiance is nice; you get white table cloth dining, romantically lit dining area and good service for a not so insane amount of dough. It makes for a good first blind date place in that regard. Second, the bang bang shrimp is really where the fun begins. After searching far and wide for a good walnut shrimp dish in Buffalo, I find that these guys semi-filled in that void. I've also tried their pasta dishes in the past and they gave a good, hefty portion of it. Oh, and the sauces that you can choose alongside your fish dishes were good as well. I always wanted to come back for their happy hour deals but never got a chance to do it, but from what I recall they sounded like a good deal.
This place is located at the boulevard mall, it is not a stand alone restaurant....when I got inside I found the decor to be a bit similar to Cheesecake Factory but a much smaller place....a great atmosphere to take your date....I found the menu to be a bit scarce with not enough seafood items....our waitress was very attentive as she described every item on the menu We ended up ordered the scallops & shrimp and the ahi tuna steak with herbed couscous and pumpkin ravioli as sides, the ravioli was an extra $3 and you ONLY get 3 raviolis........it was good but really a dollar a piece...... The food was average overall, didn't really meet my expectations of a great seafood place.....I would honestly prefer going to Joe's Crab Shack but hey this is a fancier place
Not generally a fan of chains, but this place really does have good stuff.  Great apps especially the salsa  with the scallops and tuna. Server seemed a bit hurried. The food was all good. We have six in our group and sat at one of the high tables in the bar which was fun.
I will never eat here again. Our dinners tonight we not good. Far from good. I had been here almost 3 years ago for a holiday party for work and it was really good! The crispy bang bang shrimp, tender and sweet firecracker calamari, and the seemingly good quality salmon dish I had were all excellent. Tonight, the food reminded me of Applebee's. Microwave quality. Yuck! We ordered bang bang shrimp and calamari to start. The shrimp were loaded with mayo sauce and were mushy. The calamari were tough and just not good. I liked the other sauce they used to serve with this. I ordered the new tuna bowl for my entree. The rice was the best part. The tuna was okay but didn't taste very sushi grade to me. At least it was cooked rare and was a decent sized portion. The carrot and green onion was dry and chewy. Gross! It seemed like a garnish but there was a ton of it. Ew. The mango salsa was very sour. I scooped it off. It needed sauce and came with sweet chili sauce but it really wasn't that good. Plus there was something disjointed to me about the tuna being sesame crusted and over Jasmine rice, and the sauce and salsa being more Caribbean style. I would have preferred an Asian influence to this dish. My dad got fish tacos and said they were horrible. His plate ended up covered in juice, all over the crispy potato chips on the side. He couldn't even eat the chips. Overly wet fish indicates to me that it was cooked from a frozen state. Mom had the Kobe burger and said it tasted like cheap generic beef on a super dry bun. She has been nauseous ever since. Yikes. Anyway, this place was once good but now it sucks. You know when a restaurant starts offering coupons that something is going on behind the scenes. Not good at all. Won't be back. YUCK!
We met friends for dinner this past Saturday night.  We all had cocktails at the bar before we were seated.  We have been to Bonefish about 5 times now and each time I order my Sapphire & tonic it turns out to be a righteous pour.  Thumbs up to the bartenders!  There's nothing worse than a splash of gin combined with flat tonic!! The bread is great, as is the olive oil dipping sauce.  We started out with our favorite app: Ahi Tuna sashimi. It's consistantly excellent each time we get it. The wasabi & ginger are good quality.  I LOVELOVELOVE their house salad!! and it's CHEAP! LOVE the hearts of palm, LOVE the blue cheese, LOVE the citrusy dressing!  I chose the swordfish with the chimichurri sauce & side of mashed.  The fish was moist & grilled to perfection & everything on my plate was savory.  Barry and I split a bottle of Shiraz which went down real easy.  Our server, Mary was GREAT - very friendly, personable and efficient...not what you'd expect from a chain.  We'll definitely be back.
The pros...they carry ceviche...and its good! Served in an ice bowl. Happy hour til 6:30...Specials on wine, draft beer, and your basic mixed drinks. Cons.... We reserved a table for 10 at 6pm. I arrived with my husband and 2 children at 5:40. Table was already set but they wouldn't allow us to sit until 4 people were present.  Last time I checked....my 2 children were people. They made us wait which was obnoxious
i've been to bonefish twice so far.  the first time i had the swordfish and on the second visit i tried the ....i forgot, some seasonal fish.    but in any case, both were grilled to perfection with just the right flakiness and moistness. their beer & wine list is extensive and their bread is excellent too :)
Amazing food and great services. A bit pricey though.
So it seems a lot of foodies turn their noses up and chain restaurants but this place should be the exception.  I have only been a few times including last night, but they always impress me. The service is wonderful.  I have a 10 month old and they were entirely considerate of this. The host immediately moved the salt pepper candle? I think it was... all the things he would grab for immediately when seating us. Small gesture but fellow parents understand little hands want to grab everything they shouldn't.   The server equally as thoughtful when we ordered a side of steamed broccoli asked if it was okay that it normally comes with a garlic butter melted on it. Again...small but huge, a lot of places would just bring out a side drenched in the stuff. We ordered the fabulous bang bang shrimp.  It did not disappoint.  The breaded shrimp was cooked perfectly.  The sauce they put on it seems like some sort of mayo meets siracha sauce. Delicious.   We also split the Florida Cobb salad. Mango chunks, avacado, grilled chicken, and nuts. Really delicious. I was very pleased by the service and the food. We will definitely go back.
We went to Bonefish for dinner on a Friday around 6:30 pm. We didn't have to wait long at all. We absolutely loved the new menu. We tried the Bang Bang Shrimp Flatbread for our appetizer and liked it a lot! We chose the wild salmon lily style and the tilapia with lemon butter for our entrées, and both of us were pleased. Our waiter never let my water glass get empty, and he was friendly without being pushy. We had a lovely dinner.
The bang bang shrimp is always fantastic. The food is consistently great and the beverage list is great for a chain restaurant, and Nick is an awesome waiter! Keep up the good work.
I'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants, but this one is different. I come here every year on New Year's Day, since they are open when most of the small businesses I frequent are closed. It's probably the best chain restaurant I've ever eaten at. They offer their standard menu with fish and and non-fish options, a gluten free menu and a chef's special's menu which actually changes often. They have a decent sized cocktail menu with the standard and boring chain cocktails on it but they do the job. I come here for the fish, really. There are certain places that I go that I will not order the fish because the fish they carry is of poor quality and is often obviously a frozen filet. The fish here is a moderately priced and I have never had a poor piece. They  give you an option on the portion size, too. On my last visit, I ordered the large sized Ahi Tuna "tokyo style" entree. It was seared just enough and the meat was delicious. It was crusted in sesame seeds which I could have done with less of for sure. It came with some grilled vegetables and a pile of rice. This was a quality meal and I made three meals out of it. According to the Bonefish Grill Website, the whole thing is less than 800 calories, which isn't awful for going out to eat. The service is usually pretty good. They get you in and out fast, but not too fast. I also like that this is one place that will let you call ahead to get your name on a list - if there is even a wait that day.
If I could only go to more chain restaurant for the rest of my life Bonefish Grill. Seriously, this place is really tasty.   Nice wine list to start.  Awesome warm bread and dipping oil.  Don't hesitate to bring extra bread or more bread. Start off with Bang Bang Shrimp, obviously.  Excellent seasonal dish of pumpkin sage ravioli.  Great cuts of fish.  I have nothing bad to say.  Prices are high enough where you can't go here every weekend, but us Buffalonians are too used cheap food. All I can say is call ahead for a reservation!
Been here a few times-- usually late evening.  We always sit in a big booth in the bar area.  Just a nicer, warmer decor than the Main dining room Drink menu is way cool.  Dirty martini with stuffed olives is always a winner. Nice to try multiple things (in separate trips, of course). Service is spot on.  I've never had any complaints here. Food is great.  Seafood all over-- also have some funky appetizers.  Never a bad meal here.  Only heads-up here is that the portions are not very big-- don't expect the typical Buffalo fish-fry-hanging-over-the-plate thing. Just enough that you can fit dessert too. Overall,  for being stuck in a mall,  this place is very warm and inviting.  (Don't let my mall comment fool you--once you're inside the bar,  you forget that).  Casual is OK,  so don't feel the need to be dressy
I'm a huge fan of brunch... the straddling between breakfast foods and dinner items, all the whilst it being socially acceptable to imbibe some adult beverages.  I love me some Mimosas and Bloody Mary's with my meat and eggs.  So when we received a BOGO brunch entrée coupon for Bonefish Grill, I was more than intrigued.  It has been many years since I had been there, and I had no idea they even had a Sunday brunch.  Upon looking at the menu, I was sold! There are many breakfast and lunch-type selections to choose from, both items from their regular dinner menu, as well as some unique omelets and eggs benedict offerings.  PLUS they have an option to have bottomless mimosas, bellinis, or blackberry sangria, along with one breakfast entrée, for only $19.99.  What a great deal!  However, be warned... per NY state law, they can't start serving the booze until after 12:00pm.  Because we arrived at 11:45am, I just decided to wait and try one of their house made Bloody Mary's, which was spicy and delicious.  We split the Bang Bang shrimp for an appetizer (don't judge, we hadn't eaten all morning) which is one of the dishes Bonefish Grill is known for.  Its lightly breaded and fried shrimp, covered in a spicy cream sauce.  Delish. I had the Oscar omelet, which was a perfectly fluffy omelet stuffed with asparagus, smoked mozzarella, and topped with lump crab meat and a light buttery sauce.  You have your choice of side, either fruit (boring) or the most deliciously cheesy potatoes au gratin, which are topped with toasted breadcrumbs.  I could not stop eating them.  You also get toast but I didn't eat it so I could have room for all the potatoes.  My husband had the Cajun shrimp omelet, which contained sautéed shrimp, grilled peppers and onions, and goat cheese, and then topped with a spicy hot Creole-type sauce.  He really enjoyed his omelet as well.  I'd like to go back and try their surf and turf eggs benedict, or maybe the bang bang shrimp eggs benedict, or even the Crème Brulee French toast.  It's a really unique brunch menu.  Our server, Nick, was very good, even while he was servicing a large table of after-church old ladies who were pretty demanding.  (I literally heard one of them yell to him "we need bigger milk containers, these are too small!) I will definitely be back, although I will get there after noon so I can more thoroughly enjoy the bottomless libations.
I've been to this restaurant about a dozen times over the past 3 years.  The last couple of times we've eaten there, the food has okay, but not great, which is why we stopped going. Tonight was more of the same.  I ordered the Wolf fish which was served covered with shrimp, scallops, and jumbo lump crab meat - allegedly.  The fish came out covered in a white cream sauce with a clump of indescribable meat lumps.  I couldn't even identify a shrimp in the globs.   The wolf fish ($25) was overcooked about 1 inch around on all sides (the center was actually perfectly cooked).  I ordered garlic mashed potatoes and vegetable medley, which both arrived barely lukewarm. The waiter was friendly but seemed distracted/overwhelmed, even though the restaurant wasn't crowded.  We ordered appetizers which were brought to us without little plates to eat them on, so we watched them grow cold while we tried to flag someone down for dishes.  Getting coffee refills was a challenge even after the waiter acknowledged that I needed a warm up and went off in search of the coffee pot.  He later re-appeared and delivered dishes to one table and stopped to ask about another table's experience before heading back towards us, realizing he forgot the coffee, and grabbed the pot off the serving station situated about 3 feet from our table.  If I had known it was there, I would have gotten up and gotten it myself.  It took over 5 minutes for that refill. We waited almost 20 minutes for the check to come after we asked for it.  Even then, it took 3 times for the server to get it right.  We were charged for drinks we initially ordered and were informed they were out of (who runs out of ice tea??), and never got, and then when he returned with check #2, we were charged for a bar drink that wasn't even on the first check.  He finally got the check corrected, and we waited again while he disappeared with the credit card.  Just when we had given up and were about to ask for a manager so we could get our credit card back, he resurfaced with a smile and wished us goodnight - oh, and he asked me if I wanted a coffee refill as we were standing to leave.  Nice timing. We need a new seafood place.
Dont get me wrong - I like this place- always good food- prices are fair, but they always rush you - it is so annoying.
Wow this place is delicious.  While going to the dreaded Niagara Falls, US and buffalo (dreaded because my girlfriend spends 10 hours shopping), it was the one bright spot.  I've been to a few US chain restaurants (Legend Seafood, Houston's and Cheesecake Factory), but this place surpasses all of them. The ambiance is like an Italian dinner, so it's not too dark like the aforementioned places. As for the food, we had Big Bang shrimp, Chilean sea bass, tilapia imperial (topped with scallops) and crab bisque. The shrimps were very crispy and just the right amount of flavour, both the tilapia and sea bass were cooked perfectly with the right amount of flavour and flakiness, and the bisque was delicious (thick yet flavourful and I could actually see crab chunks!) Great place!
I realize this is a chain restaurant, but my meal was so good, I had to say something. The fish is delicious. It's extremely fresh and grilled to just the right doneness. Oftentimes, you'll get fish from other restaurants and it's dry because someone overcooked it, but at Bonefish, there's a perfect grilled crust, and the fish is so ridiculously moist. I had the Gulf Grouper with lemon butter sauce with a side of potatoes au gratin. I will definitely go again.
If you like Bang Bang Shrimp (breaded and fried tasty little shrimp morsels tossed in a creamy, spicy sauce) then definitely come on a Wednesday - they're discounted!  This place has a full bar and a nice wine list (not to mention a decent happy hour), and the food has never failed to impress.  This last time I ordered the scallops and shrimp with mango salsa, green beans, and the garnish (side) of the day - cooked chick peas with tomatoes and wonderful seasonings.  The scallops and shrimp were done beautifully, but I think next time I'll choose one of the other sauces instead of the mango salsa.  The green beans were still delightfully crunchy, and the chick peas were just delicious.  My boyfriend ordered Lily's Chicken, which was chicken breast topped with creamy goat cheese, sautéed spinach, and artichoke hearts.  That might have to be my next meal.  :)  Lastly, who can argue about starting off with warm, fresh bread served with olive oil and seasonings?   This is a restaurant where you can dress casually but can easily dress it up.  It has a warm, elegant feel to it (the dim lighting and color scheme especially), and the servers are uniformed in chef's coats.  They are friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient.
I mostly come here for happy hour since the menu isn't vegetarian friendly. Literally, there is not one vegetarian entree on a three page menu. However, we somehow ended up here on my birthday a two years ago. The waiter (who is now a bartender) was more than accommodating, and managed to get the kitchen to make me something. He was even careful to check that the sauces that they used didn't contain chicken stock, or anything like that. Very few waiters are willing to do this. *Heart* that guy. He absolutely gets 5 stars from me. Anyway, that brings me to my 4-star rating. There should be at least dish on the menu that at least offers a price with and without seafood. THEN, I will give this place 5 stars. Not because I'm on a mission to convert people to the dark *vegetarian* side, but I just hate having to be a pain when I go out to a nice dinner with friends. Still, there is a classy ambiance to the place. I usually come in for happy hour and sit at the bar for the half priced wine. The people that I'm with usually get the bang bang shrimp for $5 as the Wednesday special, and they do rave about how good it is. Staff members even come around the bar with free samples of the stuff. Service is prompt. Most of the bartenders are great (note that I did not say all...), and we always have a nice time here.
Love Bonefish grilles, all of them. I've never been to a chain with such consistently good food. The bang bang shrimp is obvious, but a must. It's a fish place but I love their steaks. I had the sirloin, but the filet is great as well. The sirloin was flavorful and salty - in a good way. Also, great Bloody Mary.
Like most others, I didn't expect much from this place as it's a chain plus it's in a mall. However, this place is as good as it gets when it comes to seafood. I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass as our waiter, Casey, recommended it as the best dish on the menu. Which makes sense, because look at the price tag $25! I don't normally spend so much on a dish, and by not normally I mean never, but I decided I wanted to try something I've never had before. My gods! It was the most succulent and delicious piece of fish I've ever tasted! Every bite was a bite made in heaven, and I savored it by eating each divine bite as slowly as possible. This is what food is all about! Our server was amazing, by the way. Super friendly, super courteous, and well attentive. Haven't had a waiter that good in a long while. The drinks here are awesome too. I recommend their Margarita with Patron. Utterly tasty, but high gods in heaven, it's strong. Make sure you have a designated driver here, but that may be hard to find because the drinks are fantastic, and I feel bad for anyone who has to miss out on these tasty beverages during their delicious meal. The Diablo Shrimp is to die for too. I ordered this on my other visit, and I literally wiped the plate clean. Our server was impressed because she said most people don't finish it, which didn't surprise me because the plate was huge! Make sure you like garlic because this dish is garlicy, which means for me it tastes utterly divine. :)
I've been here twice now in the past month. It is delicious. Both times I've had the Bang Bang Shrimp. It is amazing. The spices are perfect. This will always be my go-to dish. Even though it is an appetizer, I still will have it as my entree. I went with a group of people and we had the calamari as an appitizer and it, too, was great. The only thing I don't like is that the portions are quite small. I went here with 3 big men and they all finished the appetizer, the bread, and their entrees. It seemed like they could have had more. Also it is a bit pricey for such small portions. Like I said, 4 people, 3 entrees and 2 appetizers, we all had drinks but they were all happy hour specials and the bill came out to $130.
Bang bang shrimp !!!
First time last Friday. Service and food both excellent. Sat in a booth in bar area. Had salmon along with veggies and both were done as ordered. Will be back!
Love love love this place! Bang Bang shrimp is "banging"!!!! I had the fish tacos as well! Loved the mango salsa! Had the raspberry vodka Collins *2 and was def buzzed by the end of dinner! I highly recommend this place!
My boyfriend brought me here on our first date sometime in March. They bring you complimentary soft, warm bread which is absolutely delicious. I forgot exactly what we ordered. I just know it was an awesome dinner and I want to go back soon before I leave Buffalo for good! Go here if you haven't already. I didn't have high expectations for a restaurant attached to the Boulevard mall, but I guess I shouldn't judge a book by it's cover. :]
Disappointing experience last week.  Made reservations for 5 people.  Checked in and was handed a buzzer because they take reservations but still consider themselves a "Walk in and get seated" restaurant.  Host assured me we wouldn't have to wait the expected 20 minutes.  !!!  I voiced my displeasure vehemently.  Said their policy was ridiculous.  We showed up 5 minutes early!!! If we had been late that would be different.  Ate the same food, tasted the same, that is fine.  But then they upped my signed credit card slip by the pennies I didn't add to the final total.  (20% tip). HATE HATE HATE restaurants that do this. SHAME ON YOU.   We    won't.    Go.   Back.    EVER.
Was in the area visiting Niagara Falls and happened to find this restaurant in yelp i ordered the tilapia dish and it tasted so good!!!  WOW!! Service and food were just excellent. Will go back all the time when in the area.
Holy. Shit. I've been trying to go to a Bonefish Grill for over a year. Every time I attempt it, it's packed to the gills (hah, get it? Fish joke). I've tried in like four different cities, and it's always the same. Who would have known that Buffalo would be my shot? Every part of this meal was phenomenal, from the fresh ciabatta bread that we were served at the beginning of the meal to espresso martini I had for dessert. I started with the house salad, and I have no idea why EVERY RESTURANT ON EARTH doesn't prepare their staple salad this way. It has hearts of palm and pine nuts in it. Perfection. I also sampled the appetizers that my fellow diners ordered and had to stop myself from inhaling their entire plates. The chowder was so thick that I used a fork to steal bit and had I gotten it myself, I would have licked that bowl clean. The coconut shrimp was some of the best I have had, too, perfectly crunchy without being too bready. We also had a plate of edamame for the table. Unlike most restaurants that just throw some salt on top of the pods, I was pleasantly surprised at this dish's sweet seasoning. It was a fresh take on edamame that I wish more places did. My favorite thing about Bonefish (other than their outrageously underpriced happy hour) was the options that they gave you for how you wanted your entrée cooked. While there were some red meat and poultry options on the menu, I obviously opted for their seafood specialties. All of their fish is cooked in your choice of four marinades. I went with the mango since I usually choose sweet over savory, and was just as pleased with my choice in this regard as I was with any of the other things we got during our meal. If I ever manage to get a table at this place again, I'll probably try the wasabi-infused Pan Asian marinade. Basically, I wish that I could eat at Bonefish once a week for the rest of my life. Definitely exceeded any expectations I had for a chain restaurant.
Always a great experience. The staff is awesome!
Took the family here on the end of a mini vacation in Buffalo.  This was the best meal of the trip. We had tried Beef on Weck at Charlie the Butcher, wings at Duff's, sponge candy from Parkside. Came in early at 5:30 p.m. and was seated immediately.  They have a happy hour which reduced the price on 4 appetizers to $5 each covering the entire restaurant (not just the bar) from 4-6:30. We tried the Bang Bang Shrimp Tacos, Ceviche & Bang Bang Chicken.  The Bang Bang sauce is spicy just as I like it.  All were great appetizers.  We both had special entrees, my wife had the grilled Antartic butterfish topped with artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes, goat cheese finished with a lemon basil sauce. I had the Atlantic Char.  Mine had been fired over a oak fire then placed into a oven to finish with the spinach and a small sprinkling of Gorgonzola cheese.  Gorgonzola can overpower but the Chef presented it perfectly, enough for the taste but not too much to overpower the fish.  It came with sauteed organic garbanzo beans and I chose fresh green beans as my side.  Our daughter had Fish & Chips which for $9 had 3 large pieces of fish and a pile of fries, it's her favorite. Our server was one of the best I have ever had.  We have eaten at Restaurant Gordon Ramsay in London, the Mesa Grill in New York and our waiter was as good as any at those establishments.  When we told him we had tried the treats of Buffalo he asked if we had tried loganberry, we truthfully said no and he brought out 3 loganberry drinks, no charge.  He was attentive but not overbearing.  He knew the menu and he knew the wine list.  Kudos to Bonefish for such fine waitstaff.
We were here last year visiting family.  I was born in Buffalo and now in Vegas where I know GREAT food.  In a town (Buffalo) known for beef on weck, wings and yummy custard, healthy eating never seemed to be high on the importance scale.  BG though was excellent.  They also had our hard to find (especially in Buffalo) freshly stuffed blue cheese olives for our martinis.  I recommend highly.
Is a must..... Have the bang bang shrimp
Great food!!! Definitely going to return
Bonefish Grill has a nice decor and ambiance. The staff and service were excellent as they stopped by often to follow up. Ordered Chilean Sea bass with mango salsa sauce. The fish was tender and grilled just right, not overcooked. Sea bass seems to go well with mango salsa in term of combining texture and I'm sure it'd do just fine with other sauces they have. The bread was okay and a side order is pretty typical. Did not try wine selection to go with seafood dish, maybe next time. Overall, it was a pleasant experience considering it's a chain restaurant.
Pros: Parking lot, service, "The Angler's Steak" special, Bonefish Cesar, Herbed Jasmine Rice, Macadamia Nut Brownie Cons: Main dish vegetables of the day Parking space: Enough for all customers Good for big groups: Yes On Saturday, around 5:00PM, the restaurant was incredible crowded for a place that opened 30ms ago. But there were still free tables and I and my wife don't need to wait to sit. The dining room was big and comfortable and is divided in two environments to make happy the people that are only for a happy hour or for dining like us. The waitress service was very good too. She was always paying attention to my table checking if we needed anything more. This time I came here to eat the "Angler's Steak" special with Herbed Jasmine Rice. Overall, the experience was fantastic as always. What makes me and my wife truly fans of this place. The salad was delicious, the steak was juice and the rice was seasoned. But the only thing that I didn't like was the vegetables. But it was a question of taste. I don't like to mix tomato sauce with my meat. But the desert made me forget about the vegetables, the mix of the brownie and macadamia nuts makes multiplies the taste of the desert. So, if you are person that likes fish or not this is place that makes everyone happy.
Fun cocktails and yummy appetizers. Had a drink with some colleagues after work. Bang bang shrimp and wagyu beef dumplings were tasty. Wait staff knowledgeable and attentive. I will definitely go back for dinner sometime soon.
This place really surprised me. I was expecting olive garden/red lobster type meals for around the same price but what I've gotten has always been soo much better than said chains. First, the ambiance is nice; you get white table cloth dining, romantically lit dining area and good service for a not so insane amount of dough. It makes for a good first blind date place in that regard. Second, the bang bang shrimp is really where the fun begins. After searching far and wide for a good walnut shrimp dish in Buffalo, I find that these guys semi-filled in that void. I've also tried their pasta dishes in the past and they gave a good, hefty portion of it. Oh, and the sauces that you can choose alongside your fish dishes were good as well. I always wanted to come back for their happy hour deals but never got a chance to do it, but from what I recall they sounded like a good deal.
Not generally a fan of chains, but this place really does have good stuff.  Great apps especially the salsa  with the scallops and tuna. Server seemed a bit hurried. The food was all good. We have six in our group and sat at one of the high tables in the bar which was fun.
We met friends for dinner this past Saturday night.  We all had cocktails at the bar before we were seated.  We have been to Bonefish about 5 times now and each time I order my Sapphire & tonic it turns out to be a righteous pour.  Thumbs up to the bartenders!  There's nothing worse than a splash of gin combined with flat tonic!! The bread is great, as is the olive oil dipping sauce.  We started out with our favorite app: Ahi Tuna sashimi. It's consistantly excellent each time we get it. The wasabi & ginger are good quality.  I LOVELOVELOVE their house salad!! and it's CHEAP! LOVE the hearts of palm, LOVE the blue cheese, LOVE the citrusy dressing!  I chose the swordfish with the chimichurri sauce & side of mashed.  The fish was moist & grilled to perfection & everything on my plate was savory.  Barry and I split a bottle of Shiraz which went down real easy.  Our server, Mary was GREAT - very friendly, personable and efficient...not what you'd expect from a chain.  We'll definitely be back.
The food is amazing but the bar staff is terrible. We were there for almost 4 hours and it was a family/friend reunion and the restaurant bar staff cut us off saying we had to much to drink which wasn't the case. They went about it totally unprofessional and left a bad taste in the whole group. Again food was amazing but the way we were treated wouldn't bring me back.
i've been to bonefish twice so far.  the first time i had the swordfish and on the second visit i tried the ....i forgot, some seasonal fish.    but in any case, both were grilled to perfection with just the right flakiness and moistness. their beer & wine list is extensive and their bread is excellent too :)
This place is awesome! I've dined at this restaurant many times while traveling on business in the Buffalo area. The Sea Bass is delicious! it has a great grilled flavor. Especially good with the mango salsa. As far as appetizers go, I love all of them. If you like mussels you have to order the Mussels Josephine, (I always felt that if they added some pasta to the mussels you could make it an entree). Bang Bang Shrimp and Calamari are also great choices for appetizers. They have fresh deserts that are made on site as well. Key lime pie and Chocolate Creme Brule are my favorites.
Went here for the first time a few days ago and we had made a reservation.  We still had to wait 15 minutes to get our table because I'm guessing they forgot to reserve one.  The food was pretty good. I had the sea bass and my husband had the fish tacos, which he said were pretty good as well.  We had a brownie dessert which was pretty yum, but had more whipped cream on it than vanilla ice cream.  Overall an okay experience.
The food is amazing but the bar staff is terrible. We were there for almost 4 hours and it was a family/friend reunion and the restaurant bar staff cut us off saying we had to much to drink which wasn't the case. They went about it totally unprofessional and left a bad taste in the whole group. Again food was amazing but the way we were treated wouldn't bring me back.
This place is awesome! I've dined at this restaurant many times while traveling on business in the Buffalo area. The Sea Bass is delicious! it has a great grilled flavor. Especially good with the mango salsa. As far as appetizers go, I love all of them. If you like mussels you have to order the Mussels Josephine, (I always felt that if they added some pasta to the mussels you could make it an entree). Bang Bang Shrimp and Calamari are also great choices for appetizers. They have fresh deserts that are made on site as well. Key lime pie and Chocolate Creme Brule are my favorites.
Went here for the first time a few days ago and we had made a reservation.  We still had to wait 15 minutes to get our table because I'm guessing they forgot to reserve one.  The food was pretty good. I had the sea bass and my husband had the fish tacos, which he said were pretty good as well.  We had a brownie dessert which was pretty yum, but had more whipped cream on it than vanilla ice cream.  Overall an okay experience.
