Just visited Seabreeze with our extended family of 15 for the 10th summer in a row.  It is the highlight of my Minnesota daughters visit here each year.!! I live within 10 miles of Darien Lake, and haven't been there in years.  So expensive and crowded, and hot.  Nothing personal about it. Your park has been a family tradition since I was little.  (I am 67 yrs. old now)..I have many fond memories.  The thing that makes Seabreeze so different, is that it is family owned...You can see the pride that you put into every aspect of the park.  On our recent visit, we noticed the new layout of the kiddie rides, the fresh blacktop ,the rides were freshly painted , and of course the water park is the best around. Thank you for  keeping up the tradition.Kuddos to your family and your employees....See you next summer
I'll admit I'm kinda bummed out that I can't go this summer (out of town) but I'll definitely be there next summer... I am an adult.. A young adult to be precise but I still enjoy this place. Live a little and get on the jack rabbit.. On a empty stomach that is :)
It's no Darien Lake, but it is a great place to make memories with friends. Growing up in Rochester, there is nothing like going to Seabreeze ALONE with JUST YOUR FRIENDS for the first time...and the second...and the seventh. The water park is fun and vast and for the size of the park they offer an astounding amount of rides! They are all fun, really (except the tilt-a-whirl..pretty sure I've puked about five times in the bushes next to the ride...lol). Some highlights are the Wave Pool and the Jack Rabbit...and all the water slides. Just classic, fun rides. At night, they all have different lighting and it's actually very aesthetically pleasing to walk around. The little food vendor places are obviously over priced, as any other amusement park, so bring your own food if you don't want to shell out seven bucks for a grilled cheese. Whether you decide to go last minute or plan it a couple weeks ahead of time, you'll have a good time. Don't skip it! Make some memories!
Kids fine the roller coaster boring and so do I... Food is ok never expect much buts it's pretty pricey at some places but once again what do you expect. Parking is good never have had a problem... It has some shady people hanging around the park. I don't personally mind but not good for kids. I find the water park 10x better then the dry rides. The lazy river is long and relaxing. Fun new water slide. Still a classic ride is the Jake Rabbit. Dry rides better for smaller kids. Water rides for all ages.
This place is amazing!!! It is fairly large and has rides for all ages and size. The food is relatively inexpensive and isn't bad. If your looking for a huge roller coaster you won't find it here, on the other hand if your looking for fairly priced fun for the whole family go here it's worth the trip!!!
Loved the park itself! It was clean and organized. The area that struggled was the food attendants!! There were 6 people in the kitchen, no sense of urgency or of what was going on in general. The cooks looked like they could care less and they spent 5 minutes arguing with the girls on the other side of the window instead of just getting the job done. With the exception of those yahoos I loved the park!! Fun time for all ages!
really nice old park its no Darian Lake and thats just fine with me.  it's small with a nice little watermark.  Food was tad expensive but you can bring a cooler in with your lunch and soda i don't think alcohol is permitted.   a wonderful place to spend a summer day
Great family fun. Would have given 5 stars if 3 or 4 attractions had not been closed when we visited first week of June. Kids loved it so much I may get a season pass. Tip: Shamrock Jack's is a good place just outside the front gate for a quick bite, and then you can return to the park by showing the admission wristband.
Since I have been to awesome Cedar Fair parks like Cedar Point and Kings Dominion, this was a little bit underwhelming but I still enjoyed it well enough! I was here ONCE as a child way back in the day so I little to no memory of this place until we revisited last summer. The rides, while not many as I had hoped, where still enjoyable and provided lots of excitement! I even tried out the Jack Rabbit (I despise coasters!) and instantly fell in love with it! The water park for me is the reason I like to go there. It has enough rides and entertainment to keep me occupied with friends. So if you want a nice little adventure, check it out!
I was visiting from Orlando, home of many theme parks and attractions. To be honest, I wasn't actually expecting very much. I was blown away! What an AMAZING treasure the people in the Rochester, NY area have. If you are in the area or just passing through, I would HIGHLY recommend spending time at this park. It is GREAT for ALL ages! In my group we had those from 8 to 55 years of age and there was something for all. It was all the little things, smiling faces, friendly service, all the lights on all the rides were not all burned out. Sure one or two were blown out but of the thousands of light bulbs, I think the burned out bulbs could be counted on 1 hand. No cobwebs, no peeling paint, no trash anywhere  - just amazing! There are rides to get wet in the water park, there is the log flume ride to get a splash of wet or stay dry on the many options of rides. There are so many options for food, beverages, snacks and of course, the best of the best of the archade games you could ask for. Looking for something in the Rochester area to do? This IS IT! Have fun!!! I can't wait to go back!
Great place to take out-of-towners! Ticket prices are not cheap but there are some options like a spectator pass, night rider pass & paying $2.75 per ride (best value for a chicken like me! Hello tilt-a-whirl!). Open until 10pm. Deni says: Spend your afternoon at the beach. Hit Seabreeze in the evening (cheaper) then Bill Gray's for dinner. Drinks at Marge's across the street with your feet in the sand to finish your night off!
I can't believe I forgot to write a review of this place a couple years ago when we went. This is a lovely small amusement park with some classic rides. We went in the off season which makes it cheaper (they run specials in the spring when the water park isn't open). I don't think I would pay full price for this park. That said I thought it was cute and would be fun to visit with small children. The Jack Rabbit roller coaster is a famous classic coaster and fun! The toboggan coaster is also fun and unique. Free parking. I wouldn't call it a "must see" on a visit to Rochester, but a good way to spend an afternoon.
The quality of your visit to Seabreeze depends on when you go. If you go on a week night, you will likely enjoy your visit, if you go on a weekend in the middle of the summer, it's a crowded, hot, not-fun place to be. Seabreeze is a very small amusement park and the rides aren't TOO crazy, but fun enough to have a good time an ANY age. However, on the weekends, it's so not worth it to go. The lines are ridiculously long for any of the rides (even though all the rides are relatively small) and it is so crowded. The water park is even worse on the weekends and I refuse to go into the water there. I was there once and saw a toddler in the wading pool with an overflowing non-swim diaper (#2) that was leaking into the pool where about 50 other kids and toddlers were swimming and splashing. it's not a very clean place to send your kids to play that's for sure...it's just too crowded and crammed in. The best time to go here is on the week nights. It's cool and breezy and there is hardly any wait time for the rides. My niece and I went the other night and we had a blast. All in all, don't go on the weekends, it's a stressful waste of time.
Agreed about the crowds! They can make or break your experience here. Fortunately, me and my beau went on a stormy day before school was out for summer. UNfortunately, a ton of schools were there. These schools had a handful of boys who thought it was totally the coolest thing to spit all over people during the rides. I'm not talking a little dabble of spit (still gross) - I'm talking huge loogies. We were waiting in line and actually left when three splats of spit almost hit us from above. Effing gross. We caught two kids and turned them into Seabreeze but nothing even happened. Spit and loogies aside, this place is cute. Enough fun rides - both rollercoasters and water park slides. I'm giving them a star just because they aren't Six Flags. Cut the spit and they'd go up to 4 stars.
Always fun, me kiddo and I love it
Take my review with a grain of salt. Simply go here to ride the Jack Rabbit after hitting Don's Original by the lake for some Chocolate Almond frozen custard. Go over to the "Park Office" at the north end of the parking lot and buy a single ride ticket for $2. Then walk directly to the Jack Rabbit. Ride the oldest continuously operating coaster in the country. Don't bother sticking around for much more. The park is a nice, simple, small park. However there are few other significant characteristics.
I love this place. I've been coming here since I was a kid.  It's a small amusement park great to go to, when you aren't really feeling like going to a real huge amusement park. It's also a lot closer and doesn't have any real big crazy rides, but good if you want to get your amusement park kick in for a bit. I agree with everyone else, best time to go is when it's not super busy, hot and packed with little kids. Go on a weekday if you can help it. It's fairly cheap to get into, and has a good amount of rides. Especially if you're old like me and not able to handle long all day packed amusements parks like me!
Who doesn't love seabreeze! It's not as fancy as Darien Lake, but it's got that older charm to it.  Can't beat the Jack Rabbit!
Nice little park! Not too small and not too big. Never heard of it before yesterday when we were looking to give the kids something to do. The park has quite a few rides for the kids to enjoy, my son is 7 and just big enough for the rides, my daughter is 2 and there was plenty of things to keep her busy. The water rides were a delightful treat to beat the summer heat. For those of you from Buffalo and the surrounding area it is well worth the ride, it  took us a little over an hour to get to the park. I would consider this a great alternative to Darien Lake if your looking for something a little smaller and with a more cozy feeling. The food was reasonably priced and really not that bad considering this was an amusement park and your only options were to bring food or eat their food. I ordered a cheeseburger that I would have easily compared to Ted's in the Buffalo area (the quality of the meat, not the bun). This particular weekend that we went was what I would consider to have been busy, I am not a fan of long lines, elbow to elbow crowds or generally any tight spaces, but I never once felt uncomfortable. The wait for some of the rides was maybe a few minutes long at best. The walkways in between the rides were very spacious and clean. The wave pool wasn't over crowded (only bumped into 2 people). I will be back again, maybe not this year but it's on my list of guaranteed fun things to do with the kids for a whole day.
Great for the Kids but 8 rides later and two many jumping shows tend to bore the kids after one visit! They really need to invest there money and create more rides.
