It's the best Asian/Chinese Markey in the buffalo area in terms of selection. The store is quite large with vegetables, seafood, meat, frozen food, package food, and other household items. It's quite big. You can pretty much find anything you want in there, but the things can be pricy. I usually stock up from nyc.
Huge selection and friendly staff. While shopping in the supermarket, I had numerous questions about different products and recommended items. The staff was more than accommodating. The produce is fresh and priced lower than the average grocer. The freezer section is huge and filled with rare delicacies. Would have given 5 stars if it were a bit cleaner.
There is a good selection of vegetables, frozen food, snacks, etc. However, you have to pay special attention to the expiration date on the packages. I saw expired food on the shelves.
This place isn't as bad as some ppl think. No doubt it is nothing like Galleria supermarkets or hannam chains in Toronto and los angeles..but if you have been to any mom n pop "grocery" stores in big city Chinatowns or asia itself , this place resembles that level of freshness and organization/freshness. The veggies there seem fresh enough though n packed neatly in plastic bags out from wooden boxes from whatever farmlands they came from. This place doesn't have all the common vegetables and fruits, but mostly ones in Asian cuisine and are not sold in Tops or wegmans etc.  Considering the vast amt of refrigerators and freezers already there, I think they should invest in better vegetable display like the kinds at regular supermarkets with sprinklers and lighting etc but I guess it's not their priority. However it has alot of thai, viet, and Chinese canned, frozen foods and other items that are preserved in some way. also decent amount of korean foods but I think lucky dragon is better for korean foods. There's also plenty of Asian can and bottle drinks/juices and some mix of Asian snacks. It's almost like the store can't make up its mind on which type of Asian market it'd like to be. Then there is another section to the left of the store n along entire back wall full of kitchen supplies that remind me of my mom's kitchen supplies: buckets plastic n metal,  pots,pans ,woks, various sizes of soup ladles and tongs, spoon chopstick everything. it's like wow when did I just cross over from a market to the asian williams sonoma store! The ppl who work and own the place aren't that rude or anything I think they r just immigrants and are shy bc they can't speak English that well n it comes off as rude.. it will take at least two or three trips here though just to help sort out all the items so u can fig out what you are looking for n where it is. I can see how it can be intimidating if u have no idea what u want n went to browse for fun.
Pros: An amazing amount of stuff is packed into a relatively small space. I can usually find just about anything I need, including sauces, chilis, hot peppers, veggies, dried goods, noodles and frozen dumplings. Cons: I don't know if it actually is dirty, but it definitely feels dirty. If you're the kind of person who gets freaked out by vegetables (and sometimes crabs) being displayed in cardboard boxes without refrigeration, this is not the place for you.
I absolutely love Asian Grocery Stores, they allow me to be a Stranger in a Strange Land, in my own back yard.  There is something exhilarating about being assaulted by the funk of forty thousand years as you walk through the door, and I'll never be able to grok the thousands of items, preserved or otherwise that line the shelves.  I feel like they should hire docents to take you around the store and explain what you are looking at...and its historical significance.  Take Soy Sauce as an example, there are around 15 to 20 different brands that are differentiated only by brand name and exaggerations of being premium or super premium or golden or super golden or super golden premium...you get the point.  As a general rule if any of the labels feature a scowling Asian woman, I usually pick that one (for much the same reason I like Aunt Jemima...it has nothing to do with quality).  However, it is there in the essence of that strangeness, and my inability to grasp the entirety of the breadth and depth, that brings me comfort; and the hope that I will indeed find a hidden gem buried somewhere on those shelves, and one day understand the fullness contained therein.     With that lengthy introduction out of the way, I really like Hoowa.  It is close to home, the selection is huge and it has the greatest name ever.  It makes me feel like one of the goombas (also the Japanese mushroom in Mario Brothers: coincidence, I think not) from Goodfellas describing some femme de nuit, doxy, trollop or trick turner*.  Compared to the giant Asian grocery stores on Spadina in Toronto, this place does not even compare. But, for Western New York, Hoowa is pretty damn thorough.  They have Chinese, Japanese, dirty knees, Korean, Thai...and all sorts of other delicacies which you can not find in your average American Supermarket, and the prices can not be beat. I do a ton of pickling at home and my acid of choice is rice vinegar.  I can get a liter sized bottle at Hoowa for about $2.  Compare that with the Asian section of Wegmans where you would pay double for half the size.  The same goes for sesame oil, chili oil, 5 spice powder, soy sauce (lite or dark), black vinegars, etc. I recently bought Andy Ricker's Pok Pok Cookbook in an attempt to try my hand at more authentic Thai Cuisine.  After reading through the ingredient lists I figured even Hoowa would let me down.  I would need things like: palm sugar bricks, galangal, screwpine leaves, thai eggplant, shrimp paste.  I found everything I needed at Hoowa.  I even found a beautiful Thai Clay Mortar which makes the distinctive "pok pok" sound for which the book was named. With that said Hoowa is also always my first stop for cooking supplies.  You can buy a decent sized wok for about $8.00.  They have mixing bowls that get so large I could fit inside.  I've found pot bellied sticky rice steamers, electric rice cookers, ladles, spatulas, chop sticks, and anything you would ever need for your mise en place.  Do not waste your money at William Sonoma, unless you're just a "brand hoowa", and in that case spend away. I love to bring my 9 year old stepson, "the little Prince" to Hoowa: a) to torture him with the smell; and b) because he loves the Asian sweets selection.  If you have not been introduced to Asian sweets (other than the omnipresent Pocky) then you have got to get to Hoowa.  Asian Sweets are amazing!  The strawberries taste like strawberries, the snozberries taste like snozberries...  Even more exciting is the crazy shapes and textures the cookies and candies take on.  They have mochi, green tea cookies, peach gummies covered in chocolate, and the list goes on and on.  The little Prince loves going and grabbing all sorts of random packages and sampling them at home.  As a caveat every once in a while you may end up with candy-coated, mini, whole crabs, but Mama always said life's like an Asian Candy Store...(I went too far with Forrest Gump. I have let you down, and for that I apologize and will feel shame). While I could go into more detail regarding their frozen foods, giant live crabs, produce you will not find anywhere else, their Asian statuary department and joss sticks whose girth are comparable to my...wrist, I'll spare you the details.  These are things better experienced on your own. I could not do them any justice anyways, for I am but an egg or at the very least a gwai lo.  However should you be an adventurous gwai lo like myself, step out of your comfort zone and attempt to grok the colossus that is Hoowa.       May you always drink deep and grok in fullness. *Chippy, strumpet, harlot, tart, tramp, hussy, hustler, jade, minx, chicken-head, coquette, flirt, libertine, siren, tempter, temptress, vamp, or wench would have also been acceptable.  Why are there so many great synonyms for Hoowas?
This establishment is quite sizable and by far the most comprehensive provider of Chinese, Japanese, and Korean groceries in the Buffalo area.  (Unless there's a secret spot I'm not privy to?)   Regarding their stock of Japanese groceries in particular, the store necessarily won't boast the variety that speciality stores in New York, Boston, or other more diverse cities will offer, but it definitely does boast the best selection in particular.  You will able to find many familiar names in rice, natto, gyoza, and of course sweets.  They even stock a few select Japanese sanitary products including body soap, shampoo, and lotion.   Their stock of Chinese and Korean products otherwise appears comprehensive, with a good selection of dried groceries and locally prepared products.   They do offer seafood and produce sections.  If you are familiar with such grocers in New York, Boston, and so on, you will be familiar with the quality of produce offered.  Other reviewers have cited the produce section as disgusting.  I disagree.  The produce is all serviceable.  However, it certainly is not shelved very attractively. Additionally, they do offer a rather interesting home goods section selling restaurant-quality pots and pans, rice cookers, and small gifts.  Many of these are excellent deals.  Others simply seem ludicrous.   The appearance and atmosphere of the store is lacking.  The proprietors have invested virtually nothing in it, do not decorate, and barely even heat the space.  Austere is the base word.  This is not a place to go to indulge your shopping urges so much as it is a place to get what you need and get out as quickly as possible.   That said, signage is lacking, and navigating the store can be confusing if you do not have a background in buying Japanese, Chinese, or Korean groceries.  Though I have begun to see more and more non-Asian people taking advantage of this diversity, the clientele remains mostly Asian.   Prices are consistent with similar stores in New York.  As most of their groceries are imported, this is unsurprising. I do hope that they improve the appearance and atmosphere of the store and improve signage (an easy fix), but the bottom line is that Buffalo should consider itself lucky to have such a comprehensive market. *** If you want to use a credit card, be sure to order more than 20$ worth of merchandise.
Lucikly for Ni Hoowa, there aren't that many Asian supermarkets to complete with in the Buffalo area because this place is DISGUSTING! I just feel grimy just walking into this place.  Ni Hoowa is definitely bigger than other Asian supermarkets in the area and carry slightly more stuff but their vegetables are limited and old, their fruits are overpriced and old, and don't get me started on the 'fresh' fish that they have displayed outside on ice.  When we were there, we saw cockroaches crawling all over the fish and the owners didn't even bother doing anything about it.  SICK!!  I was gagging when I saw the cockroaches on the fish. I repeat.  DO NOT GET FISH FROM THIS SUPERMARKET!  The rest of the stuff seem safe, although personally I wouldn't touch any of their produce with a 10 foot pole.
nice Chinese supermarket，I can buy a lot of things just like in China! People working here are really kind! I love this supermarket !
This place isn't winning any awards for cleanliness or the best overall presentation.  However they do attempt to fill the void in Asian goods availability in the Buffalo area. I stick to the frozen packaged goods when I shop here. If you are a fan of Boba then you can make it at home really easy with the supplies found here. You can buy Boba straws ($1.99), Boba cups (I just use my own), Boba Mix ($15).  The Boba Mix is a bit steep and would feed an army so you are better off buying the mix online or making your own.
Ok, so they're rude. Yes, they're overpriced. Yeah, their stuff can be not fresh. But honestly, we must take into consideration that we're in Buffalo, which I consider to be the middle of nowhere. Where else are we supposed to get our Asian groceries? Hoowa gets their shipment on Thursdays so if you visit any time after that, of course their produce and meats and fish are going to be not as fresh. It happens in all supermarkets, but Hoowa just can't replace it as fast. This place was a lifesaver for me when I was plucked from New York City and placed into Buffalo with no Chinese breads to eat and no dumplings to fry and no Chinese candies to get cavities from. I'm willing to pay the extra $$ to keep myself sane. And where else are you supposed to get Chinese sausage for fried rice?!
Ni Hoowa is a decent specialty market. However, as far as Asian supermarkets go, it is not very "super." First off, even being a very seasoned Asian supermarketeer(?) ... supermarket veteran, it was incredibly hard for me to find anything. If there was any organization, it is not very clear. I would say objects were not so much organized by product as there was just a smattering of products over various shelves and freezers. Another qualm I had with the place is that it is not very clean. I don't have terribly high standards for cleanliness in Asian markets, but I do have standards nonetheless. The last thing I really have to say is that a lot of the products are more expensive than comprable products at Wegman's in their asian specialty item aisle. At the end of the day, if there is something specific I am looking for that I know I can only find at an Asian supermarket, I'll probably go to Ni Hoowa (though I would rather not). Would I do the majority of my shopping there? No, I'll stick to Wegman's. Also, if you plan to buy less than $20 worth of stuff, make sure you bring cash.
You're Such a Hoowa! I can't say enough about Ni Hoowa Spuermarket.  Who knew there were so many kinda foods that we don't know about in America?  I poked one bag and it was mushy.  Who knows what it was!  They have all sort of neat candy, but I'd be afraid to eat some of them because I cant read all the letters and dont want to eat a mushroom or seeweed by mistake.  There's also a back room with vases and wallets and sandles and explosives that aren't and dusty toys and more!  You can get a lucky cat there, but it may smell a little like fish for a week or two.  There's giant woks'!  And other things you'd find in the kitchen of a Chinese restaururant, if you ever wanted to look, which I dont. Gramma got sick in a Chinese restruant once, but I think she drank too much of the soy saus. PROS:  Unique gifts and food! CONS: Smells a little like the Niagra Falls Aquarum.
Three stars because even though this place is super dirty, super messy, poorly organized, expensive (usually I go to a Chinese market cause I expect things to be CHEAPER!!), has grouchy staff (with the exception of one lady whom I've only seen once), and they don't refrigerate their produce (which is in turn often no longer fresh), they have practically everything. As in, on the rare occasion that T&T doesn't have something I need, either because they ran out or they don't carry it (very rare), I've been able to find it at Ni Hoowa.
This place does have a HUGE selection of items, particularly non-perishable dried, canned and frozen goods (my favorites were the HUGE selection of noodles, tea and dried mushrooms) and some very cool housewares/decor but: -overpriced - in general anything I saw here that I've seen elsewhere was more here -messy (and even dirty in some areas, particularly the large back area where the vases and dollar store type items are located (which featured an open closet full of filthy tools with stuff all around on the floor in front of it - I'm not real sniffy about this kind of stuff, having worked for an international store for a few years and seeing similar stuff regularly, but it definitely isn't professional and will discourage people from coming back who are more picky than I) -budget looking in general - no updates, limited maintenance, parking lot full of pot holes, empty boxes all over, some aisles not walker friendly -a lot of the staff seemed pretty unfriendly, not just to the non-Asians either before someone throws the inevitable race card, and didn't make any offers to help people find stuff -a lot of the products had no or extremely limited (and tiny) English; there were no labels added to many of these products or on the shelf to help explain what they are or the ingredients (I love Asian food, but I don't speak any Asian languages - I'm sure there are a LOT of other people in this boat, including second and third generation Asian Americans, who are turned off when they go here by how labor intensive it is to figure out what stuff is) - the produce looked questionable and was VERY limited; the fresh seafood tank section was also empty  aside from two jumbo crabs - a lot of this stuff is available at Wegmans much cheaper (even Tops has bok choy and other traditionally Asian veggies now), including gyoza and other frozen Asian specialties, Kikkoman sauces, specialty rice, noodles & canned fished, Asian candies, etc. Even Aldi's carries decent egg rolls. I would shop around and only pick up here what you can't find elsewhere. I've been to much smaller grocers actually in the city of Buffalo that are significantly more clean and in better general condition.
Good: +Largest Asian grocery store in Buffalo metro with most Asian food necessities available. Bad:   -Not much Asian grocery store competition=High prices.  I just moved to Buffalo, NY from Florida and I have to agree this place is one of the most expensive Asian grocery stores I've seen.   -The fruits and frozen products are also not the freshest.   -Another nuisance is the frozen dumplings never have price stickers on them.
Many Chinese and Korean food their, but little bit costly than in NJ. Not too much choice for the fresh veg. and seafood and poultry! But if u want normal food, go there!
My favorite store to stock up on frozen dumplings, Asian sauces of all sorts, instant noodles (w/ no preservatives, made in Taiwan). I've had good luck with the bok choy, Chinese broccoli, and winter melon. I like the owners - they always give me tips on how to cook the veggies.
2 stars simply because they carry Asian foods which seems to be quite rare here. A friend of mine told me this was the biggest Asian market and although my expectations were already low, I was further let down when I go here. Not only is there no meat section (sorry frozen packaged meat in freezers don't count) but the selection in produce is extremely limited. In fact out of all the produce in the tiny 2 rows avail, the only non-wilted thing was the Bok Choy. I was shocked to see teeth growing out of onions and garlic. I also needed the typical Asian butcher knife that's usually avail in Asian stores but it was nowhere to be found in this place. I think next time I'll just buy my produce and meat at wegmans. Stick to sauces, rice, various herbal stuff, and ramen here. Now to find a place that offers marinated bulgogi...
I have decided to visit this supermarket AS FEW TIMES AS POSSIBLE. So far I am ok. And there are indeed alternatives: About ginger,garlic, okra, and bitter melon.. etc, you can get them from the nearby Indian grocery stores with a much better condition. There are two out there, one is right across the street facing Ni Hoowa.   About Chinese/Asian grocery, you can get them from the other Chinese supermarket in Kenmore (i.e. T & T Supermarket, also listed on yelp.com). T&T is nicer and cleaner. Yes, Ni Hoowa offered goods with a variety. HOWEVER, a lot of them are not in good storage condition. Also, many of them don't have manufacture dates on (go figure..), including some Natto stored in the refrigerator all the time.
I wanted to visit a South East Asian market while I was in town to stock up on spices and other goodies from the region and my friend brought me here. They've got a lot of things in stock from several South East Asian regions such as Thailand, China & the Philippines to my surprise. I was able to stock up on several spice blend packets, instant noodles, chillis and even Philippine sauces. It is a little cold in there but you should be fine as you peruse the isles. The prices seemed reasonable although I'm not sure how it compared to the local competition. I don't get any of these items where I live in MT so I was happy to pay the prices here. There is a $20 minimum if you want to charge it to your credit card. I've got a nice loot of stuff to bring home with me to remind of my South East Asian upbringing.
Comprehensive Asian market. While it may not be the fanciest place in town you definitely cannot beat the selection and price.  They have a large selection of fresh produce, often very unique items that cannot be found elsewhere.  They seem to have increased the frequency of their deliveries as the produce is fresher than in the past.  They have a selection of items for Japanese, Korean, Southeast Asian and of course Chinese.  While Chinese items are their strong suit they have also recently added a larger selection of frozen Japanese items including natto, fish cakes and fresh noodles. I mostly shop here for Chinese and Japanese ingredients as well as hard to find vegetables and occasionally kitchen utensils.  For Korean items I go to nearby Kim's Oriental Food & Gift on Millersport and for Southeast Asian I go to An Chau Asian Market also nearby on Bailey.
This is your best bet in town. It is very dirty there. I wouldn't trust the meat enough to ever make a purchase. It has lots of cans and other preserved items that will satisfy your taste buds for preserved bamboo shoots etc. I have purchased the vegetables. Those have been adequate. Every Thursday a shipment of baked goods from NYC arrived. There are hoards of people who descend and buy it all. This happens in the afternoon and evening. That day the store opens late.
Great supermarket. Great food, clean store and friendly cashiers.
So this is supposed to be the best Asian market in Buffalo?  Dilapidated produce lying in cardboard boxes on the ground  and frozen foods and goods that look like they haven't been touched in ages?  Coming from  where megastore 99 Ranches had a monopoly on the Asian grocery land, Ni Hoowa wouldn't even qualify as a "9 Ranch".  The food here is also ridiculously expensive - Asian markers are usually cheaper than big name markets but I used to get frozen dumplings for $1-2 at 99 but they're $4-5 here.  Also, the woman that works here (maybe the owner) is rude - I asked her why none of the frozen dumplings had price tags on them and she started angrily  mumbling at me in some dialect I was unfamiliar with that there were ones in the middle of the pile that had price tags.  Still doesn't explain to me why every package doesn't have a price tag - especially if the one w/ the price tag gets purchased.
