BAC was the first gym I have ever joined. At first I wasn't sure I wanted to make a commitment but I am glad I did! I was taken on a tour of the facility during my first visit and knew they had the machines I needed to get back in shape and shed a few pounds. With each visit I am welcomed by the staff as well as sent off with a "have a nice day"! The facility is kept well clean which is also a plus! I have no other experience with another gym to compare, but I am happy with my choice of becoming a member of the BAC!
Drama club.....I waited a week to write this review.  But I'm still astonished that it happened, so might as well spread the word.  I got out of work early & celebrated by going to an afternoon spin class at this location. Got to the spin room early to set up & scored a bike that didn't have a male seat (yes, this is a women's club, but most of the seats on the bikes are guy-style).  Excellent!  So I wiped it down & proceeded to adjust it.  But the handlebar screw was jammed & wouldn't turn.  The instructor came in about that time, so I asked her if there was a fixit log, so I could write down the problem. She looked a little irritated at my question and came over & attempted to unscrew the handlebar herself.  She couldn't get it either, so she looked to figure out what bike it was & went to (write it down?) set up her own bike.  No big deal - I moved to the next bike.  Same problem! Clearly the maintenance staff had tightened these suckers with a wrench. Ok, now I was on the hunt for a bike with the handlebars at the height I wanted, so they wouldn't need adjusting. Found one! This one had a male seat on it, so I pulled the seat (with post) off the bike & went over to the original one so I could trade them out.  This is a very common thing to do; people are always wanting some seat that's not on the bike they're using, so they just trade them out, no big deal.  The instructor started yelling as I took off the post/saddle.  "You can't do that!"  So I look at her, sort of confused - I've never been to a club where that's not allowed.  I started to say "but this seat makes my legs go numb..."  Didn't quite get that all out when she started YELLING.  "YOU CAN'T DO THAT!!"  I think she said some other stuff, too, but by that time, I was pretty pissed off & more than a little embarrassed.  So I put the seat post back on the original bike, threw my towel in the basket & walked out.  I'm never going back to that gym!   Reading the other reviews, it sure sounds like this was an anomaly.  Maybe the instructor just didn't like my face or something.  But geez, even if I was doing something not-allowed, her response was WAY over the top.  So beware, sometimes this club is more of a drama club than a gym!
I love this gym. I'm just so sad that I had to not sign up again because of not being able to pay the extra money for it at the time. Unfortunatly I will not be signing up for it again now that I'm in a situation where I can afford it. For one reason and one reason alone... No pool. Before the buy out of the co-ed locations by LA Fitness I spent all of my cardio, weight and class time at this location, and aside from feeling old in the Zumba class I loved everything it (especailly the lack of guys around.) I would just drive down to the Downtown location and use the pool 2-3 times a week. Now that the location with a pool is owned by LA Fitness I would be out of luck. I was so hoping that this expansion being built would include a pool, but it was not to be. Very disappointing as I like the feel of the gym and the fact that it is all ladies. The staff was always so welcoming, smiling. Clean facility, equipment in good working order. I liked that while there were multiple locations in Buffalo and Rochester it didn't feel like a chain. Classes were enjoyable the times I did take them. I used a trainner briefly, and while i didn't feel like I got a lot out of it, both of the ones I spent time with where very nice. I will not be joining LA as it lacks the persoanl feel I got at BAC, so instead I will be going with the Tonawanda Aquatic center since my main want is a pool. Even though I'm not going back to this gym, I do highly recommned it.
I've been a regular at this gym for awhile and I love it a lot! All the trainers are fantastic, they have a lot of cardio machines, and their arenas are fantastic. Seeing as I've been going pretty consistently the past year or so, there are some negatives. Do you ever get the feeling where things are just a little too cramped? I feel like this building is that. If it had been built maybe another 50 feet in each direction, it would loosen things up a bit. I especially feel cramped when I'm stretching after a tough workout and I have five women trying to search for a place to stretch out. To add on to this, their weight area isn't as extensive as other clubs, I've noticed. It's hard to compare it to others, because it's for women only, but it tempts me to lift at a different club. I absolutely love the arenas though. I think they were made out quite perfectly, with plenty of room to have a class. It's every other thing in the club that seemed to be thrown in around the arenas. Classes here are amazing, though. I'm in love with spinning, so if you need a couple of spin instructors to try out, let me know! =]
The BAC for Women at the Colvin location has been a terrific addition to my schedule now that the fall is here. I am  so glad the many options of the classes/times for everything in a group. ( there are private too but I have been using the group) I find both the spinning, cardio, pilates/yoga instructors well trained in both the class they are teaching and the "BAC Practice" of welcoming, inquiring, assisting each member as they embark on their class. I find the gym and locker room clean and appreciate that in the beginning or ending of a spin class the instructor asks to 'report" a bike that may not be in perfect order. The fitness equipment too is put together and easy to access. Nice way to engage in a fitness routine when you are greeted upon arrival and wished a good day when leaving. Thank you BAC Colvin. Edit Remove
This is the first gym I ever joined. After moving to Buffalo for college I began to gain the freshman/sophomore/junior 15 (too much beer and chicken wings, perhaps?). I hated the gym at my college and eventually realized I should just get a membership somewhere else. One of my girlfriends went here and loved it so I tagged along with her. We made the near fatal error of going to a spinning class (I'd never been). I almost perished and then realized how terribly out of shape I was! I knew I'd have to start at a gym somewhere. The gym is really clean and everyone is friendly. There's a lot of classes (yoga, pilates, cardio kickboxing, zumba and spinning) as well as some weight equipment and a lot of cardio machines. The trainers all seem very nice and they also offer personal training here. The only things I don't love about the BAC is that they can be pretty pushy with memberships and finding new members so they definitely try to sell you hard on the gym. I was able to get a student rate which was awesome, it isn't the cheapest gym in the area. I haven't been to the other locations either, so I can't comment on them.
This gym definitely has it all. Wow. I am a member of THREE gyms in Miami and coming to Buffalo for the Holiday's, decided to get a one week membership at the BAC. Let me say that the BAC dominates the Buffalo area in terms of gyms. They have many locations and great options for all different types of members. The machines are ridiculous (in a good way) as I honestly do not believe that I have been to a gym with more machines than the BAC. Memberships are also affordable as a one week membership was $25. This includes all classes etc. I would have gotten a free pass however, I was previously a member (years ago). They have many personal trainers and always have specials going. They are also loyal to their members as each year that you are a member, I believe the fees go down in price. I know a member who pays $30/month (wowzers). The facility is really clean and the members seem to do an excellent job of cleaning their machines after use. They will give you a free lock/key if you forget as well. The only complaints that I have are that there is 1) no steam room and 2) no towels to take a shower (only small hand towel size). So you must bring your own! Anyways, I really enjoyed working out at this gym!
I entered to win a "free" membership when I was at an event only because I felt bad that the girl at the table was alone and no one else attending the event came to her table (it was an SPCA-related event, not surprising that no one came to a bare tent with a few pieces of paper on a table!). A couple weeks later I got a call saying I had won the "free" membership and to come in to talk about the details and look at the gym. The only reason I went was because it was supposed to be FREE. I'm a graduate student and have practically no extra income and hardly any extra time, but I figured if it's free - why not? Well I got there and turns out it WAS NOT FREE. They *literally* cornered me and practically forced me to sign a 2-year contract that turned out to be TWENTY DOLLARS PER MONTH. $20 per month!? Last time I checked, that is not FREE. And guess what, I've not stepped foot in that gym ever since even though they are still getting my $20 per month. I have no time, and even if I did, I am so disgusted with their behavior that I wouldn't go. They took advantage of me and they should be absolutely ASHAMED of themselves.
