lunch buffet good, prices reasonable, nice people
Service & food was excellent. The Lentil soup was yummy a must try. The lamb vindaloo was perfection. The Indian pistachio ice cream was different & yummy. I will definitely be back!!!!
Good restaurant. Good service. Went to this place with 4 friends. Had butter chicken which was delicious. Daal was ok. Chick peas were a disappointment. Chicken tikka masala was good. Told them to make everything spicy. It was good flavour and not mouth burning. Naans were soft and tasty. Food takes a bit of time but that means they are making it fresh. Place is nice and clean.
The best thing about this place is their water. By far the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.....and close to the worst food I've ever eaten overall. From what I heard, this place used to be amazing. Not sure if it's new management or a new cook, but it's clearly gone down hill. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
Service was good and it was pretty fast, though the waitress couldn't explain parts of the menu which was a little unprofessional and should be able to since not a lot of people know what the different items are. She explained that she was new so we let her off the hook. We ordered the chicken tikka masala and shrimp tandoori with chicken curry. Sad to say I didn't really enjoy the chicken tikka masala at all (I've had far better ones for half the price) but the curry and tandoori were great. Had the mango lassi also and had the sampler plate for appetizer and each and every item on the plate was really good and flavorful. It was quite expensive though - ended up paying almost $50 for just two people and I didn't even enjoy my entree. I might go back to try other items on the menu but not anytime soon.
Meh-ness. I've dined in a few times and enjoyed the lunch buffet on a few occasions. Most recently, I came for the Saturday brunch buffet. At around $12, it's a bit more than the $8.99 lunch buffet but I'm not entirely sure if there are more items featured. With about 6 total options for the brunch buffet, with a few vegetarian entrees; my favorite, by far was the chicken tikka masala. I didn't enjoy the goat curry too much and thought the chana masala would use a bit more flavor. The naan was okay, but nothing special. The tandoori chicken was really delicious -- well spiced and grilled. Overall, I thought the food is pretty great, although other Indian buffets have more options (even for the cheaper lunch buffet) and the quality is just as good, if not better. Service definitely suffered here as well. I had trouble getting water refilled throughout the day. Even when I asked for more water, my request was simply forgotten and I had to flag down another staff member to get a refill. Compared to other Indian options in the area (Delhi Chaat, Taj Grill), Taste of India falls short. However, every time I've dined in here for the non-buffet I've had a pretty decent experience.
The days of winter can be long, cold, windy and grey...not to mention the nights...this cause one to pine for comfort food, warming the soul, perhaps exciting the taste buds..gumbo, chili, cassoulette??  Not tonight, too late, not enough time, but..there certainly is time to buzz over to the closest INDIAN BUFFET!! There is a trio of Indian Restaurants: one on Hertel Ave., one on Elmwood and then this suburban outpost, on Sheridan Drive. Taste of India was our destination last night.  My husband was trepident, "I don't like buffet's"..( where does that word come from anyway...???} We went, we supped, we relished, we slept... It was wonderful, started with a huge golden platter of sauted  chick peas, accompanied with a whole wheat nan..delish??!!!  Yeah!!  Onto sag paneer, basmati rice, cheese and spin ash, dal, cauliflower, sauted so elegantly, eggplant, then.. goat casserole...chicken tiki masala,mmm yes it was absolutely yummy..also tandoori chicken and the wonderful condiments...chai tea, rice pudding and fresh orange slices.. who could ask for more..a Kingfisher beer for us adults and a mango lassi for the non-adults... The service is very good, the ambiance is just fine.. A very enjoyable evening was had by all!!!
When I first came here, I wasn't crazy about it. Months later, I returned again and absolutely loved it. After that, I think I went once a week for two months and each time was better than the time before.  I've only had the buffet there, as I like having variety. Service is good, the guys that work there are generally much more friendlier than the women. Give it a try!
The goal was to bring home some delicious Indian takeout on a weekday. The original plan was to stop by a restaurant closer to the 290 on Sheridan but unfortunately discovered that this establishment was temporarily closed for renovations. I quick improvised and decided to give Taste of India a try. I was only in the restaurant briefly but it seemed nice enough. I was a bit confused on how to pick up my order. Upon entering there was nobody by the door to greet me so I would up walking through the dining room to the waitstaff station. I normally expect superior service at an Indian restaurant. The staff here wasn't rude, but they were not friendly either -- just matter of fact. I quickly paid and was on my way home. A half hour later my food was still piping hot. Taste of Indian did an admirable job packing our food to keep it from getting cold. Now onto the food. I ordered the Samosa Chaat, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Garlic Naan. The Samosa Chaat was delicious. On the advice of an Indian coworker I ordered the chaat on the side and mixed everything together once home. The result was crispy samosas rather than soggy. The Chicken Tikka Masala was somewhat disappointing. Don't get me wrong, it was alright, but I'm used to this dish being a standout.  I prefer a thicker and more flavorful sauce. This tasted more generic and uninspiring - almost salsa like. Finally, the Garlic Naan was okay. I'll reserve judgement here as naan is best served straight from the oven. In summary, the food here is good and a much better option than Chinese takeout. However, when I stack Taste of India against my favorite local Indian restaurants, they fall short.  Unfortunately, there's far too many good Indian options around to consider returning here.
I've been eating at this place for years, but lately it's been a little off. The mango lassi's seem a little more watery and the dishes are generally hit or miss. And the last time I was in there (a few weeks ago), the waitress got my entree wrong (and I only ordered 2 appetizers besides the entree). Otherwise, it's not overly lit like some restaurants but I wish they'd get some cute waitresses in there instead of all the dour looking waiters that are always there.
I felt that it's time to update this review. During the past few months, I've dined here a few times a month only to discover that something has changed. I kept going back hoping for improvement, but since that hasn't happened, it's time to update. The food is just not as tasty as it used to be. There isn't much of a kick to the buffet items as there has been in the past. It's missing the spice and flavor that used to make it oh so good. Even the naan is rather 'blah'. I'm not sure if they've changed cooks or recipes, but whatever has happened, I hope that they go back to the old way. Even the service has been a bit slow, which wasn't how it used to be. I'm just not a fan and don't consider the buffet a cost effective meal option these days. :(
Not a fan. Never had Indian cuisine before  and the buffet was dry. Very little selection. Service was less than adequate.  Asked for a soda 3 times. Took 20 minutes to get that and bread. Don't think I'll return. It's not like the servers we're mean they were kind. But it seemed a bit disorganized.
Hubby wants to go for indian all the time, and being the gracious wifey that I am, I make him go for lunch without me.   My ambivalence towards the indian food may have changed last night.   I ordered my usual, chicken tikka masala, and it rawked!  Tandoori chicken in a spicy tomato sauce--and not the overly creamy buttery sauce that you usually see.  Hubby's dish was my fave--chicken something--in a spinach sauce.  I made him share.   I wanted to lick his plate clean but restrained myself and used the spinach naan to wipe up every little last it of sauce.   Nice place, friendly service, pleasant crowd (except for woman carrying on convo on cell phone at table right next to me--go OUTSIDE!)
Being an Indian, I suggest NEVER EVER go there!!!! WORST PLACE TO EAT INDIAN FOOD!!!! NASTY! NASTY! NASTY AND TASTELESS!!!!
Stop by for dinner at 9:00 pm on Saturday. To start, we had alu mater samosa and alu tikki. Alu tikki was great but the alu mater samosa was over fried. For our main, lamb vindaloo with puri, tandoori roti and naan. Yes, we love bread! The mango chutney was the best. Don't order the home made manago achar, too salty. The hot lamb vindaloo was not hot at all but it was good. In the end, we would order the same minus the achar. Oh yeah, get the mango lassi.
Have now ordered take out here a couple of times. Have been very please with both of them. I'm a big fan of the chicken tikka masala made medium spicy. I also ordered a chicken curry dish and another chicken dish with a creamy sauce. I really like the spices used and the heat is always spot on for my tastes. Etrees come with rice which is great because some places make you order it a la carte and that can get pricey. The naan is also fluffy and crispy. Portion sizes are good and prices are pretty reasonable. Overall it's a nice experience and great for takeout. The atmosphere inside leaves something to be desired so I'd probably pass on eating in, but take out is definitely good. I'll definitely be a regular.
I've only been to Taste of India for their lunch buffet, but as far as Indian lunch buffets go, I'd say it's good. I've been to a few Indian buffets that have been dirty or the food hasn't been very good, so this one is a welcome change. That being said, I've had a few of my Indian friends who have disliked the food here. But, perhaps only eating Indian food on occasion, my palate for Indian food is not as great. I especially like the fact that they rotate their dishes every once in a while in the buffet, so you have variety each time you come. If you go to the buffet, I recommend stopping by the milk tea section by the salads and dessert and getting some. The service has been good each time I've gone and the price is very reasonable. If you have a craving for Indian food, want to eat a lot of it, and do no have super high standards for Indian food, like I do sometimes, I recommend going to Taste of India.
Calling Doctor Bombay! I can't say enough about Taste of India.  They have Indian food and chai for all!  If youv'e never had Indian food (not corn or anything...not those Indians!) than this is the  place for you!  There buffet is the place to be to test taste the foods'.  The orange-colored stuff is my favorate as well as the chick pees in green.  There chai is so yumm too! You can be casual or you can dress up, but don't dress up like for Halloween because no one will understand.  UNless its' Halloween.  Then they might.  You never know.  Staff is friendly!  Shout out to Karen!  Woot woot! (Not Insane Clown Possee woot, either.) Pros: Best Indian Buffet! Cons: Closes betwen 2:30 and 4 for cleaning.  Though cleaning is good. Sometimes my tummy gurgles a bit too.
Very few options for lunch buffet. Food is kind of OK as compared to the price. Even restaurant atmosphere is not that appealing.
What I don't understand is. Taste of Buffalo takes place in Buffalo. Taste of Chicago takes place in Chicago. So you would think that... do you catch my glass mug? Exactly. But no. It's on Sheridan Drive, the Drive named after Nicolette Sheridan (or John Sheridan formerly of Sheffield Wednesday, perhaps, or even my old friend Nicole). Taste of India and India Gate are basically the same restaurant. They are both good, and you should try both of them. But they do not come close to being as good as Buffalo's two best Indian spots, the vegetarian Palace of Dosa down the road, and the similar but better Star Of India on Delaware in Kenmore. It's still definitely worth a try, though, and is more "Americanized" than its rivals, if Americanized is your thing. I don't recommend the ones on Transit because they are overpriced, although Kebab & Curry is not bad. Tandoori's is poor and the most expensive. Moti Mahal, heading East on Sheridan, is also very good and probably the most authentic of all of them. It's hard for me to rate Indian restaurants in America highly because I grew up in England and go back sometimes, where the Indian food is so vastly superior and different, that it can honestly not even be called the same cuisine. I think it's fair to say I am in love with the English version of Indian more than the Indian version of Indian (which you can get in Jackson Heights, Queens NYC), and the Americanized version (which is exemplified by Taste Of India and similar establishments). One extra caveat that prevents it getting four stars is that I don't think the owners treat the staff particularly well, or they didn't when I used to go here. The buffet here is good, the decor is nice. It scores a 3. Try Moti Mahal, Palace Of Dosas (Vegetarian) and Star Of India instead. The best.
This joint is my default Indian location. Whenever I want my Indian fix, I'd go here. So far, I have no reason to change, I suppose, except for the curiosity of trying other Indian restaurants in the area. But I guess, if I want an Indian fix that is guaranteed to be good, then I'd go here as a first choice. Most of the time, I go here with one other person, in which case there isn't a problem finding a place to sit (as long as it's not Tuesday nights, when there is a buffet). However, the other day, I found myself with a group of 6 other people. They easily accommodated us in the other half of the building, which is usually closed, but can be opened as a banquet hall. That time, I ordered the paneer makhani, made spicy. It's a dish of farmer's cheese in tomatoes, cream, and cashew nuts. Best paneer makhani I think. I also ordered naan and mango chutney, which matched the dish well. The menu is extensive, which is great. Indian cuisine I guess is good for mixing and matching: just prepare several types of sauces, and one can pretty much add whatever meat is ordered to the sauce. I also like the fact that they provide detailed explanations of their dishes to those who are not necessarily acquainted with Indian cuisine. And vegetarians also need not fear: there's an extensive vegetarian menu that covers pretty much all bases. So why am I giving this 4 stars and not 5? I don't know, my experiences were great, I was satisfied, but I think it takes more than that to be definitely memorable. This restaurant scores high in the quality of the food (which isn't bad, after all, food is meant to be eaten, right?), but I think there's just something lacking which at this point, I cannot place a finger to it.
I went here for the first time last month. I ordered a lamb spinach curry (forgot the Indian name). It was good. As an Asian I super love their rice. They cooked it with carrots, which made the rice more tasty and fragrant. But people who love the rice sticky may not find it to their liking because their rice is the long and thin one. It's dry and hard in texture, very different from the one we have in Chinese restaurants. The service attitude is okay. The elder waiter looks a little bit casual but the young waiter is good. Overall it was a good dining experience. I'll give it 8 out of 10, mainly because I love their rice (and you can have free rice refills here too). :)
This is a solid place, for the first-timer.  Their menu has accurate descriptions of what is in the dishes, so you'll definitely know what you're getting.   They offer a lunch and dinner buffet, I believe, so if you're feeling adventurous (don't be scared!!) and want to try it out the buffet is the way to go.  You are able to sample some of the most popular dishes, which as all quite tasty.  I would call before going to check on when they offer a buffet.   If you're ready to try something new, I would recommend Taste Of India.
Truly the food of the gods and has been a health oriented atmosphere since the days when people could smoke in restaurants,   Taste of India never permitted smoking. The lovely music and quiet demeanor-ed waitstaff and dim but not too dim dining room is a lovely atmosphere to chill out in and close the busy world out from.  During lunch there is an all you can eat buffet so you can try just about anything they offer and even if the bar is up you can still order your heart's desire from the menu.   A picky eater, this is the one place where I tried the new and different and good for me foods.  Tofu deep fried and dipped in coriander chutney or a hot plum dipping sauce is usually the way I start my adventure.  For the main course, I either choose the chicken curried or majhani or madrisi with the heavenly basmati rice.  They present a basket of naan for everyone who comes in at no additional charge but I can never resist the puri, myself, made fresh, whilst I wait. The food so luscious that it is one of the things that come to mind when someone mentions comfort food. Pricing is excellent with lower lunch prices for many of the same items on the dinner menu in smaller portions.
Simply put, it was good. Cheap for a buffet and while not spectacular (is any buffet at this price) it was certainly satisfying. The selection consists of only about five dishes + some other small things (such as salad and Naan bread). Defiantly worth a lunch time visit if you like or have an interest in Indian food
Let me say that I'm usually not a fan of Indian food.  Never really been a fan of curry or spices.  But somtimes I get a craving so we ordered from TOI the other night.  OMG it was sooo good.   You can order either mild, medium or hot.  Being the p**sy that I am i ordered mild.  It was perfect.  It was filled with flavor w/out burning my palet.  The potato bread was a little spicey but not much.  The vegitable curry was rich and buttery.  I loved the vegitable fritters, they came with this sweet rasberry dip that was sooo good.
EDIT: I have to update my review because the samosa chaat I originally reviewed on April 5 was very different than the samosa chaat I received on April 15. The samosa chaat is a new item on their menu so maybe they are working out the kinks, but now I have no clue what I will receive when I order it. You can see the photos I added and the different is obvious. I have reviewed them separately below: April 5 Samosa chaat - Large and very filling. Not as tasty as the samosa chaat at Delhi Chaat, but still tasty. At Taste of India, it had what seems like maybe three large samosas broken up, covered with a heap of the usual chickpeas, yoghurt, tamarind chutney, cilantro chutney and red onion. They also put a bunch fresh cilantro on it and I just thought it was too much and was at times a little overpowering. There was also an orange sauce that seemed to be a mango sauce, but it wasn't a strong mango flavor and looked a little odd. The dish was pretty big -- I'd say it should be shared as an appetizer for several people, or could be an entire meal. I wasn't expecting it to be so big and it filled me right up. April 15 samosa chaat - Much smaller than the samosa chaat I got from Taste of India before. Not as tasty as the previous one either. This version of Taste of India's samosa chaat did not have the mango sauce on it, which really didn't matter, but it seemed to have less of everything else. I could see pieces of the samosa untouched with no sauce of any kind instead of completely covered, as it should be. There was less of the cilantro that overpowered me on April 5, but it didn't have enough tamarind or yoghurt and could've used some more chick peas, while I'm at it. Was it good? Yes. Was it as good as the one I got on April 5? I don't think so. The only other place I know of that serves samosa chaat around here is Delhi Chaat and I would have to say Delhi Chaat's is better, but in the end, both versions of Taste of India's samosa chaat were tasty -- I just would like them to be consistent about what I'm getting and the size of the dish. April 5 Shahi kulcha - cheese and anise or fennel seeds are baked into this naan-like bread. I was thinking of a different bread when I ordered it (must've mixed up the names) but it's an interesting bread. It has a strong enough flavor that to me it seems best eaten on it's own and not used to eat your food, which is how I tend to use naan. My friend who doesn't like Indian food but loves both cheese and anise couldn't stop eating it, haha. April 5 Basmati rice - I think their rice is the best of all the places I've been to around town. The rice is just cooked perfectly and whatever oil they cook it in keeps its texture in tact and gives it a nice flavor. April 5 Vegetable korma (or as they call it, navratan shahi korma) - this has paneer in it, which wasn't in the description, but plenty of vegetables and good flavor. April 5 Paneer makhani - very tasty sauce. I think my previous review covers this. The only difference is that it only contains cubes of cheese (and the odd raisin or cashew) in the gravy, so see my previous review. April 15 Malai kofta - tastes like they use the same sauce as the mahkhani which is a little bit unusual, but it's really tasty. The vegetable dumplings/balls are a little bit greasier than I'd like, but they are very tender and you can see the minced vegetable inside, which is nice. Anyway, see my previous review for my pripr thoughts on malai kofta, vegetable makhani and more.
Yum
This place should definitely not be called taste of India. It's a really bad impression of Indian food.
I go to this place for their buffet. If you are hungry for Indian food during lunch time and want quick meal there couldn't be a more suitable place than this. The Kheer and Chai in the buffet are amazing. I wasn't as impressed when I ordered things from the menu. But they were not at all bad. It is a decent place for indian food.
I went to Taste of India for lunch today, and all I can say is holy crap, that was amazing.  My mother and I went for the lunch buffett, and I liked every item there.  Too bad I can't remember any of the names so I can't order them if use the menu!  But I can guarantee I'll be going back again.  I think this lunch buffett is way better than Tandoori's, which is good, but not nearly as fantastic as this one.
Ok let's start with food quality .. They may claim they  are serving authentic Indian food .. But it's nowhere near the authentic Indian food .. I wud say only 50% authentic so 2.5 stars for it .. Nw service ... If u r an Indian/south Asian .. then possibly u r at the wrong place .. Bcos u will be discriminated .. Chk for urself .. For beginners u will get paper napkins ... Cloth napkins r reserved for all others .. They might hv thr own excuses .. Perhaps we don deserve to be served properly bcos thts hw we hv been brought up .. So tht ofcourse is authentic .. 1 star for tht ... Staff? .. One time we were having dinner and I saw the owner having a heated conversation with one of the waiters .. Come on guys.. Right in front of the customers? ... N I don knw wht the owner is angry at .. But he nvr ever can pass a smile to customers .. Perhaps he has lost his smiling muscles I guess ... Same goes for his co-owner ( a girl ) often thr .. 1 star .. So the average comes to 1.5 .. N tht rounds down to 1 ..
This place is one of the best Indian lunch buffets I've ever had.  Great selection of indian delicacies of all kinds, plus desserts and delicious naan that is always cooked to perfection.  The chai is wonderful and plentiful and the basmati rice is done just right to compliment the various entrees.
My favorite in the area  , good variety  ,great tandoori chicken , good chutney. decent variety . I like tandooris  but don't care for their  tandoori chicken
Same owners as India Gate on Elmwood.  I've been to two school-sponsored Diwali events here in the last two years and I've come away pretty satisfied each time.  They do a good job accommodating us and you can't really go wrong w/ all-you-can-eat buffet + open bar for ~$20.
We really enjoyed the dinner we had here on Saturday Night.  I had the Boti Kabab and my husband had the Taste of India Dinner.  Both were good, but the Tandori Chicken was really dry.  I think that a Tuesday night buffet may be the next attempt here.  I was pleased with the over all experience and since I have limited experience with Indian Restaurants in Buffalo, I would return should I crave Indian again, but is doesn't make it to my list of regular eateries.
Taste of India has been very good and consistent every time I have been there. The lunch buffet rarely changes, but it's still a decent selection. The spice level of the buffet is lower than I would like, but that is not surprising given that it's a buffet. If you are in the mood for Indian and in the area, most people will probably recommend Taste of India.
Good Indian food. Wish I got to try the fig lassi..next time. The samosas were fresh and delicious. The chicken tikka masala was also very tasty, although I would have liked a little more sauce. Good paratha as well. Nice service.
The food is EXCILLENT, and the atmosphere is delightful.  I would recommend the Taste of India special because you get a little bit of all their wonderful food and there is enough to share with a friend.  My mom and my fiance love it there.  I also love it because it is a healthier choice of food for you and your family.  I adore the curry there.
I come here for the buffet which is always delicious. They typically have saag, chicken makhani, and tandoori chicken as part of the selection. Everything they make tastes awesome.
Best Indian food I ever had in India or America. Me and my wife came here for dinner. Food was so good we decided to stop by for lunch buffet. Will recommend it to everyone.
this is as good as Indian food gets in Buffalo...please don't put it in the same category as India Gate which is horrible;  Idon't see how the two can be related.  Of the five Indian restaurants I know of here; by far Taste of India is the best and the new Taj Grill is second..Jewel of India next and India Gate and Star of India horrible.  I do like the goat at Tandoori.  I don't at all understand the people speaking so poorly about the food at Taste of  India.
Very so-so pathetic food. Not very great for Indian food....but works sometimes if you really wana have some Indian and the location is good as its close to UB south campus and is famous amongst the ever-so-starved-broke-Desi crowd from UB. Samosas are good though ($2.5/plate) ...and is the only thing worth trying here.
I hoped there was a 0.5 star rating because the food is pathetic. Mere baat mano!!!  It's not worth the money. Too much water in every dish and very poor service. Highly not recommended.
The dum aloo isn't good at all.  Food is quite average.  It's a forgettable place.
It's far from what one would expect in such a restaurant. Nice music and decor but food is below expectation. Where is that flavor I am looking for in garlic naan, onion naan, chicken tikka masala and anything else I ordered? They have huge scope for improvement. Food looks great but that's all about it. It's missing the real thing i.e taste. They can just fire their chef and hire new one who knows basics.
lunch buffet good, prices reasonable, nice people
