Our new favorite restaurant. Great service, especially Sarah. Love the decor and atmosphere. Busy as any good restaurant should be on a Friday evening. We started by sharing a salad and an appetizer. The salad was their version of a Caesar which we've had before and is always good, especially the parmesan crisps. My husband enjoyed his Cabernet (don't know the brand). The scallops over bacon butternut squash were to die for. Seared to perfection. Some may have thought the seasoning on the salty side but we were actually rolling our eyes and moaning in enjoyment (sad but true). We both had the lobster tail which was so good we were picking out the last little bits with our fingers. I thought the smoky flavor of the grilled asparagus was too intense but my husband liked it. Despite being full we had to hear the dessert options and lucky for us we made room for the flourless chocolate cake in a Grand Marnier sauce. Warm, soft and wonderful chocolate flavor. Wish they'd given me a spoon to finish off the sauce. It's nice to not have any regrets about spending over $100. It was worth every penny especially after having so many disappointing dinners at other places. Last week I did have Black Rock's pot stickers and some shrimp on a stick thing that was fine but not great. I recommend always getting their seafood special though because they've been fabulous every time. You wouldn't think it would be so hard to saute a scallop but there must be some trick because the ones here are better than any I've had anywhere including travel to other places. we were still going on about our meal after we got home. Yum! We'll be back soon.
As a bit of disclaimer, I've never actually eaten here properly as I've only been to the bar, but the two times I've been I've never been disappointed. The first time I went a friend and I went around midnight on a whim and the place was mostly empty with the exception of people who worked in the kitchen and were getting off their shift I'd assume. Normally I'd feel incredibly awkward at this point but the bartender Pat came right up to us and was honestly so welcoming. He catered to all of our alcoholic whims and suggested some killer gin for us to try. We even got chatting about Game of Thrones, comic books, and a bunch of other nerdy things. Plus, one of the chefs brought us out cupcakes and lamb that they had left over for us to help finish off. It felt like one of those experiences that people only have in movies. The best part is, the next time we went back (nearly a month or so later), the minute we walked in (around midnight again) Pat immediately recognized us and remembered our names solidifying him as my favorite bartender in all of Buffalo. Plus, he makes a killer gin martini. So while I've never eaten here properly, I definitely recommend for the atmosphere, if not only for Pat the bartender.
A bit pricey but worth it! Everyone loved their meals (the fried chicken, fish tacos, and crab cakes). A must try for those wanting a new, classy joint to hit up!
I went again about a month ago, this time with two people.  We decided to get wine and apps (Small Plates).  We couldn't get in until 9pm on a Sat, so we went a half hour early and they seated us right away.  I got the cheese plate and wine right away, of course a good selection of cheeses.  We then went on to lamb currant dolmades, and fois gras french toast.  I loved the lamb, in fact I we had to get two because I didn't share.  The fois gras tasted great, the flavor of the French toast was dynamite, however I've never had fois gras before, and I wasn't a fan of the texture, I admit it, Im a baby.  My friends loved it, I thought it tasted great, but I'm not sure I'll ever try fois gras again, but that has nothing to do with the way this was cooked.  These service was great, and of course it was packed.  It is loud in there, and if it's too loud for you you're probably too old.  The reason it's loud is because people are laughing, and having fun.  It's called enjoying oneself. Seriously if you want to eat somewhere quiet, walk into a Old Country Buffet.  That place is so eerily quiet, it's like the people don't come up for air.  Nothing against OCB, I survived on it in college.  Anyways, Black Rock is a must stop because it's fun, delicious, and the items are just a tad different then you will get elsewhere.
I'm updating this to a four strictly for brunch. I've been a half dozen times for brunch now and, aside from the first time, the wait was reasonable for service and food (we had reservations every time). The food is always excellent and the servers friendly. Nice variety of brunch options to please every taste, from the traditional (pancakes of the day) to the carnivorous (sausage on a cheddarmilk biscuit with fried egg and cheese) to more adventurous and lunch-y fare. I can't go full five on this 'til I experience dinner a few more times. My first dinner experience was extremely underwhelming and turned me off the place for a bit, but their brunch has definitely made me a believer. This has become my special occasion/date Sunday/bring people from out of town place for brunch, hands down.
Mark Goldman's newest establishment is definitely worth checking out!  I've been there three times now, and each time, the food, drinks and service have been really fantastic.  My first experience was shortly after they opened; myself and three friends ordered a variety of dishes, and each of us absolutely LOVED our meal.  Mine was the eggplant panini with tomato, basil, mascarpone, and a side of BRKB's delicious fresh-cut fries, with unique dipping sauces, including garlic sea salt aioli.  One friend ordered the fish tacos and said they were perfect (he's been back several times and said they've hit the mark without fail), while another had one of the fantastic specials.  Everyone walked away full, satisfied, and very pleased with the overall experience. On top of all that, I enjoy patronizing a restaurant that revitalized a historic building, on a street that's experiencing a renaissance.  Black Rock Kitchen and Bar is a lovely addition to the Amherst Street scene.
Sometimes I find myself staring at the menu, unable to make a decision. It's not because everything looks incredible. It's because nothing looks especially appealing. They did a nice job on the interior, and the service is always nice, but food is just good, and never great.
One of my favorite restaurants in buffalo. I have had dinner and brunch here now. Everything is totally fresh and tasty. Had the flight of the bruschettas at brunch, so delicious! Great bloody Mary's too. Very nice waiter. They are opening a garden patio and are starting a happy hour, I look forward to my next visit!
My girlfriend and I decided to try a new place instead of our usual. From my experience, the service was great! Very nice/friendly waiters with a smiling face. Appetizers: Crab cake was about $15. Small portion. Seasoning was okay. The lack of an appropriate sauce really really ruined it for me. Entré: (~$22)I had the duck breast with rice. Rice was seriously under seasoned & very oily. Duck was juicy and tender but a tad bit undercooked for my taste. -My girlfriend's salmon  (~$24) seems to be good. Then again, she likes salmon no matter the case. Dessert: ($6) Some sort of brownie with nuts and marshmallows on top. It was warm but a bit too stiff. Again, poor experience. We each had two drinks. Nothing to complain on the drinks other than the price. Overall, the bill came out to be $120 before tips. Normally that's a bit pricy but I wouldn't mind if the food was to my satisfaction. Unfortunately, the food was very poor at best. On the bright side: ambiance is great! Probably a place I'd come by for a drink or two. I definitely need to go back to one of my regular places for 1/3 the price with much better food to cleanse the bitter experience from this restaurant.
Talk about amazing food! Very creative menu, great service, fun atmosphere. Great place for a night out. You must check out this incredible spot!
A review from my brunch experience: I had been wanting to visit Black Rock Kitchen & Bar for a while now. Well, when I woke up a couple Sundays ago, I decided to treat my mom to brunch. Since this was a rather last minute decision, I called to see if I needed reservations (I did) and whether any were available (there weren't). However, the hostess informed me there is seating near the window as well as the bar and that it wouldn't be a problem to order food there. Off to the restaurant we went. The seats by the window were taken. As we were settling into our seats at the bar, the hostess informed us a table was available after all - yay! I'm just thankful they were able to accommodate us comfortably. I went with the poached eggs over corned beef hash while my mom got the omelette of the week. I truly enjoyed the poached eggs although I don't really have anything to compare them to as I had never had poached eggs before. Regardless, quite delicious and the hash was yummy as well. We also enjoyed the mimosas when the clock struck noon! Great experience, I hope to come back for dinner and drinks.
We ate here the other night with some friends. I was super excited to try this place out after reading all the other reviews on here and have been romanticizing it since I first saw work being done on the facade a year ago. It was okay....not great, not horrible. We had a couple drinks at the bar before sitting at our table and enjoyed it there.  The food was alright, not great. We had a few appetizers and each tried a different entree to share. We all agreed that the food was okay, nothing we were interested to try again. We probably would have come back again, but we all felt very rushed and for seemingly no reason as we got there after the dinner rush and there were no other parties waiting. Our server was determined to get our orders placed and set down asap, but then never came back to fill our water nor offer us another glass of wine....we thought perhaps he wanted to get home, but then he sat at the bar for the remainder of our stay at the restaurant. Overall, I have had better service and food for the price in many other area restaurants....
I recently had my daughters bridal shower brunch here...I can't begin to tell you how wonderful the occasion was! The omelette of the day was amazing!  The wait staff, I forget her name(sorry) & the manager Lindsay couldn't have been more attentive. All the food was raved about! We were in the "garage" & it was perfect! I would tell anyone visiting Buffalo to stop by for fine dining in an intimate environment. Thank you BRK&B!!
I had to give this place 5 stars because I always love it here, but the other night I ate one of the best meals I have ever eaten at a restaurant (it was the swoardfish - it was a featured special that night). The atmosphere here is modern with a vintage twist (it was an old hardware store so it still features some cool archtecture). The service has always been great. The menu has something for everyone who wants to have a NICE dinner. You probably could have kids here, but it wouldn't be ideal for them. The food is always superb. They offer tons of options, but I suggest trying one of their specials that they are featuring. They offer apps, small plates, salads, sanwitches, an exstensive beer and wine selection (they also have a bar if you only want to go have a drink there). For a great night out, go to dinner and then hit up Rohall's Corner -  the bar across the street. I am moving soon, but this will be one of the places I miss the most.
My girlfriend and I stopped in for a bite to eat after hearing some good things about the place. Either my friends played a horrible joke on me or there have been some big changes since they were here. We drank water and ordered a salad and two sandwiches.  I had the Asian Napa salad. After about 30min the salad came out (the place was half full, hardly what I would consider busy enough to warrant such a tardy arrival for a simple salad).  First thing I noticed was the pittance of salad before me.  I have had side salads that were more bountiful than this, and for half the price.  So, not off to a great start. She ordered the curried chicken sandwich and I had the crab cake blt.  Both came out about 5min after I was served my salad.  Both sandwiches looked good.  Unfortunately they taste didn't match.  Both were rather bland and forgetable.  Not much to write about. What did we pay for this less than ok culinary experience?  $44.00.  For a salad and two sandwiches! I am the kind of person that doesn't mind spending money on great food.  This however was ridiculous.  I can't say I would recommend this place to anyone nor do I think I will return to give it a second chance.  Way too many other great places out there to try! That being said, I hope that others have better experiences than we did!
For being a place with a great ambience in an underrated part of the city, I was fairly disappointed in the menu deliverance, especially since I was so excited to try so many things. The staff were super friendly and accommodating for our large group, but despite the amounts of food we ordered, the service was painfully slow and food extremely overpriced for what we got. My friends ordered various other things, but I will primarily review what I ordered and was able to taste. The hearts of romaine salad had anchovies (per the menu), but I was surprised at how MANY anchovies were in the salad. It made the dish extremely salty and not quite the caesar salad I was expecting. Ultimately we felt it a bit unappetizing. The crab and sweet corn fritters were pretty good. Served hot and fresh, but for $15 for only a few fritters, we were feeling a bit ripped off. Lamb lollipops also tasty, but you only get two measly ones for a whopping $17!! Again, insanely overpriced. I had the butter poached lobster over penne. I expected this lobster to be light, fluffy and fall out of the tail. Instead, it was fused to the tail and I was ripping at it to take it apart. It was pretty graceless and the pasta was bland and unflavorful. I was told the buttermilk fried chicken was tasty, as well as the desserts. I did not hear great things about the steak. Good beer and wine selection as well. I like that the ingredients are local and grown, so I felt good about that, but the prices really are too high for the quality of the meal. I hope it improves b/c I would really like to go back again and try something else!
Really one of my favorite places to eat, with hardware being my favorite place to drink. Luckily they borrow the bartenders! The guys know how to shake a mean cocktail or suggest a good beer upon request, and I love them for it! The waitstaff tend to be hit or miss sometimes depending on how many drinks they've had...but it is never really bad service. The food is always excellent...they made me like pork belly which is a feat in and of itself. I admittedly am not a regular because of I don't have $100 to drop on one dinner every week, but I still love the place.
Brunch review only: Yum. Creative take on regular fare like steak and eggs, pancakes, and french toast. They had a stuffed waffle/pancake on the menu the day I went. I went with a steak & eggs (served with homefries), while my fiance opted for the simple $7 2 eggs, homefries and toast. We got a hot apple crisp of sorts to share for dessert. Everything was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and it was a nice cut. The eggs, bread, home fries -- all amazing. Service was prompt and professional too. We loved our experience here, will update review when we come back for dinner.
Go somewhere else! I used to like this place until I encountered the owner. He spoke to a person at my table in a way that was unprofessional.  Here is the situation: We were short a handful of people from out party of 20 and he tried to claim that he reserved the entire restaurant for us (untrue because there were already patrons there before we got there and BRK&B seats many more people than our party size). We only had the back corner of the outside patio.  We didn't even take up half the tables outside and many of the tables they didn't reserve for us were untouched all night. BRK&B was half empty inside too. The owner said in front of the table, and I quote, "Maybe I should say this to you privately" and "How are you going to rectify this situation?" After a 2 minute scolding, he finally stopped because we all started to say we were uncomfortable and this was unprofessional.  It was a slow, Wednesday night.  On the bright side, we had a wonderful waitress.  We asked her to cancel our orders since we didn't want spit in our food and handed her a pile of cash for being so kind to us. I feel bad that she has to work for such a horrible man.
Great ambiance! What a great addition to the Amherst Street blooming area! What a different menu than anything I've seen before! Their patio is what every house in Buffalo should have with cheery white lights, tasteful decorations, comfy seating and outdoor kitchenette type area. I could eat here nightly! Love this place!
I enjoy the atmosphere and the location (one of the only places in Black Rock to relax at a nice bar).  But I just can't get behind the prices in relation to the product.  For about the same price at a restaurant of equal or better quality (i.e. Left Bank, Aroma, The Phoenix, Mother's) I can get much tastier food.   The food here isn't bad.  But I keep expecting it to blow me away and it doesn't. I suppose what really insults me is the price of a glass of wine.  The only Pinot Noir served by the glass is $11/glass.  It's decent, but not the best Pinot I've had.  $11 is absurd.  You can get a whole bottle of decent wine at Tappo for $15 ...!! Something isn't adding up here. To end on a positive note: the beer selection here is great.  Lots of unique beers that you may not have seen anywhere else.  No surprise, as they are owned by the same owners of Hardware, which also features an outstanding beer selection.
Have brunch on a Saturday or Sunday and sit in the back patio. It's divine. Put it on your list for this summer. Last Sunday, the food and service lived up to the heavenly surroundings, too. Our group shared five fresh-made doughnut holes; one filling included cream cheese. They were perfect. I had a sandwich, on excellent, toasted bread, that contained a fried egg, tomato, lettuce and mayo. It came with fruit and roasted potatoes. My friends had omelets, hash and Scotch eggs. I wish I'd paid more attention to their meals so I could give you a better report. We ate well and ended up paying approximately $20 per person for an early summer experience.
Black Rock Kitchen & Bar is the restaurant I always keep in my back pocket. A wild card, if you will. It's not always the first option I throw out, but it's a reliable spot for good food and drinks. It's lands on the pricier end of things but the menu is seasonal and sometimes experimental and those elements come at a cost. I had one of my favorite appetizers ever at BRKB, the braised pork belly. It's excellent. If it's on the menu, I recommend trying that. The main courses range in price but they rest in the $15-30 range for the most part. The drink menu is unique to the restaurant with several signature cocktails and local craft beer options. The signature drinks are a little expensive (I'd say in the same realm as Vera Pizzeria), but they are tasty and well balanced. Besides you can always order one and switch to beer or water (served in custom glass bottles), if need be. The bartenders and wait staff are always super friendly and laid back. It's clear they try the menu options because they're always good for a recommendation or two. I had my first Sunday brunch experience at BRKB the other day and it was a little underwhelming. The food took longer than it should have and it was overcooked when it came out. Not the end of the world, but this is a restaurant review. The place was packed and you never know what's going on in the kitchen so it wasn't enough to turn me off of the place, but it was still disappointing. We ordered pancakes for the table as an appetizer. The stack of three pancakes came with maple syrup and a maple butter. Split between five hungry people, they did not last long. I enjoyed what I had but was glad we ordered them to share. As a main course, we all agreed it needed a little more. There were options to add sides (Bacon, eggs, etc.) for $3 a piece, but I think it would make more sense to have everything in one dish. (It is brunch though, so perhaps the rules are a little different. And that approach does not apply to the dinner options.) I ordered a breakfast burrito with bacon, egg, cheese and homefries as my main dish. It came out and everything was a little overcooked and, therefore, dry. It also looked like it had been slapped together haphazardly with one ingredient piled on top of the other without much care. It is a burrito and if I were hungover, I probably wouldn't have noticed, but the presentation did stick out. Maybe we caught them on a bad day, maybe we didn't, but would I give the brunch another shot? Yes. I'd advise making a reservation though as it was packed and we sat at the bar along the window. Overall, I'm a fan of BRKB. It's in my regular rotation and at night, it's a great spot with an awesome atmosphere. Good for drinks, group dinners, or date night. The patio in the summer is an excellent little grotto, too. 4 Stars
VERY good!  Went here for dinner on a friends birthday and it was def a great choice.  The atmosphere was slightly classy to fancy dining.  The artwork and decor was interesting.  The tables were kind of small for any parties over 3 but it was doable.  The beer selection was EXTREMELY impressive.  The food was fa nominal to say the least.  I ordered the salmon and it came perfectly cooked on top of just enough cooked veggies (asparagus/tomatoes/lettuce)  Every bite was mouth watering, and though it was slightly on the pricier side, it was worth every penny and more for the quality.  Plus the wait service was friendly and very on top of things (refills and clearing/pre-bussing the tables) Def recommend for a dinner and some drinks before a night out if you are sick of burgers!
The mood is great, the staff is very friendly, and the cocktail I had was fantastic (I forget the exact name but it involved gin and grape juice). However, as stated in other reviews, the food is very overpriced for the quantity and quality that you're getting. Quantity being small and quality being middle-of-the-road. Step your chef game up or lower your prices! Otherwise, I won't be back for anything but drinks.
Hadn't really heard of Black Rock Kitchen & Bar because it's not really in a busy part of town.  However, that shouldn't deter you at all from giving it a try! Went here for dinner with my girlfriend and her family.  We needed a reservation, and it was fairly crowded inside, lots of young professionals.  We were sat at a hightop near the bar.  I had a Duvel and she had a Mary Lou (Hendrick's Gin, grapefruit) and Black Rock Fiz (Proseco, Aperol).  We had the Eggplant Parm Bomber and Portobello Mushroom with goat cheese sandwich.  Both came with sweet potato fries, and the serving size was fairly big.  The menu had a lot of seafood options, which I'm eager to try next time.  The service was a bit slow, taking over an hour from when we were seated to getting our meal, which is why I wouldn't give this a 5 star rating.  Otherwise, a good experience with a diverse menu.
Perfect portions, delectable tastes and unique atmosphere. As I walked in on a busy Friday after work I figured we'd be waiting at least an hour! Which is good for no one around me! Fortunately, the hostess was busting her butt and we were seated within minutes. Our waitress was phenomenal, she was quick and very accommodating! For a couple that finds it hard to make a decision, especially as important as figuring out what to eat, she was able to guide us in figuring out the perfect dish for each of us. We started with the crab and corn fritters, which were simple with clean and distinct flavors. They were crispy yet gooey in all the right ways. The tomato bacon sauce was the perfect pair for these pint size puffs. For my entree I chose the roasted pork enchiladas with the poblano cream  and queso fresco. The overall flavor was great, however I would have liked a little bit more spice to it. The pork was so tender and flavorful on its own though, I could have eaten a plate of just that! Although the place is small, and I would recommend making reservations on a busy night, the atmosphere is just perfect. The bar accommodates those waiting for a seat and in a pinch people could eat there for dinner. It has a rustic yet simple look which works well for them.
I have a lot of the same ups and downs as other reviewers. But the taste and quality of the food beat out the negatives. The good stuff: - Food was spot-on and the specials were clearly based on what was fresh and seasonal that week - The servers were really knowledgeable about their menu, which I appreciate - If you don't consider how cramped it became, the interior and atmosphere was great - Magners! And a good beer list in addition The "eh" stuff: - Table was TINY. Uncomfortably tiny. I know seats is important for restaurants, but then they should consider putting less other "stuff" on the smaller square footage tables and having a coat rack somewhere to make some space - Mixed drinks were too sweet and too pricey - Weird neighborhood, but it was nice to go somewhere other than Elmwood and Hertel BTW, if you're visiting on a Friday or Saturday, you NEED a reservation.
Have been several times over a year ago but just went back the last two weeks in a row.  It really is a gem hidden out of the way.  I love the feel of the place, busy with a nice mix of guests.  The drinks are well made and consistent, love the cocktail menu and my husband loves the beer selection.  There really is something for everyone.  The food is creative and well done, not a crumb left on anyone's plate.  You have to get the Mac n cheese, it's not the menu you just have to ask.  We have always ordered off the specials menu so I can't comment on the regular menu but any food you see being delivered to other tables looks amazing and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. Looking forward to going when it's warmer and sitting on the patio, it's very cozy, cool, chic.  This is a place I will be visiting often for sure, great service, cocktails and food!
I tried, I really really tried.   My first visit was on a Tuesday night & the patio was booked for a private party.  The 4 of us were jammed into a teeny four top that barely held our water glasses, cocktails and bread plates.  We ordered pretty much every single appetizer on the menu--some were excellent, some were "meh", some were kinda gross.  All of them were jammed onto our table in a nearly empty dining room. The cocktails were good, but a bit sweet.  I'd stick to the wine.  Decent list. My second visit was on a Monday night & we were able to sit in the patio alcove.  The food was all right, but the service was snarky.  Oh really, you're a hipster?  Well, I live in Brookly and I OWN your ass.   Comment of the night: "thanks for the side of snarky with my service." Unfortunately, this place is a bit of a destination (for this out-of-towner and her colleagues), and a trip that we probably won't be repeating.  Especially given the graciousness and good eats that we have experienced in so many other places.
Very interesting menu as always.  I ordered the Barramundi fish....mmmmmm- so delicious on top of a spinach puree.  Fish tacos were ordered and the risotto- all with rave reviews.  Not a morsel left on anyone's plate.  We told her we were in a bit of a rush - we were taking a art class at Albright Knox and she made sure we were served promptly.  Parking is on the street but each time I have been here there doesnt seem to be a problem.
Smart service.  Good food.  Casual, but not trashy, gastro-pub atmosphere. We ate at the bar, which was nice enough.  Good cocktails and a good wine list. Bruschetta flights.  Awesome. We shared the brisket sandwich, with some great fries.  The best part, there were several things on the menu I would have liked, and look forward to getting next time. The place was jumping by the time we left.  Tables were packed and the bar was standing room only.  Friendly atmosphere, people having a good time. It's not a trashy bar (ubiquitous in Buffalo) but rather a pub with good food, a good bar, nice atmosphere, and, maybe most importantly, no TVs! This place is associated with Allentown Hardware.
To sum it up the place is overpriced. BRKB is located in Black Rock and charges Allen / Elmwood prices. If you want to pay $4 for a can of PBR, $5 for a Bud Light, or $7 for an Ommegang bottle this is your place.  Everything seems a tad overpriced for the location, quality, and innovation. To start we Split an order of the crab cakes - Upon arrival, I was presented with 3 crab cakes that were about the circumference of a quarter and a couple inches in height. The crab cakes were pretty good, but at $14 they underwhelmed. For dinner I had the duck confit and white bean cassouelet. The cassoulet was hearty and inviting and I enjoyed it very much. Odds are I will not be returning.
If I have a choice, I would not give this place a star at all. The one star is for the awesome bartenders and nice waitress we had.   While the food and service is pretty good at this place, I am really disappointed with how one of the owners of this restaurant treated us. We made a reservation for a bigger group for a Wednesday at 6pm. They reserved part of the patio for us. Unfortunately, some people from our dinner group decided not to show up, so there were only 11 of us. We apologized to the waitress and hostess, and they were understanding. At 6:20pm, the waitress asked if they could free up some of the tables, and we said yes.  We were all having a great time, enjoying our drinks and appetizers.  Around 7:20pm, when we were waiting for our dinner entrees, some random guy (turns out he is one of the owners) came up to our table and very rudely asked how are we going to rectify this since we made a reservation for a big group and only so few of us show up. He stated that he closed down the restaurant for us and that its up to us to decide if we want to compensate him. We were all shocked and annoyed that the owner treated us that way! They did not close the restaurant for us because there were other diners with us out in the patio and also inside the restaurant. They weren't busy at all, there were plenty of open tables and there was no one waiting! I understand that it looks bad that we had a reservation for a bigger group and not everyone showed up, but that circumstance was beyond our control and it was on a weeknight. We had ordered plenty of food and drinks to make up for it. Since we were just scolded by the owner, we really didn't trust the food, so we asked the waitress to cancel the dinner orders and we asked for our check. We explained to her what happened and she was shocked, and she kept apologizing. She said that has never happened before. Awhile later, she came back and said our drinks and appetizers are comp and she apologized again... at least someone in this restaurant knows what the owner did was wrong and was willing to compensate for his behavior. We still tipped the waitress because she was great.   I have never left a business hungry, so upset and annoyed!  I would NEVER go back to Black Rock Kitchen or any other restaurant(s) this guy owns! I will take my money somewhere else where they respect their customers!!!
Ate at the bar a few nights ago. We arrived at about 6pm and there were still some empty tables but it filled up fast.  I ordered the Hearts of Romaine salad which was basically a caesar salad, but was sweet and a bit weird... and WAY too many anchovies, which I guess was a nice change from the few too many that most restaurants use.  The fish tacos were good, but could have used more guacamole.   I'll go back and give it another try.
Nice date or cocktail w/ friends place. Service was less than attentive but not the worst I've had in BFLO. French dip was huge & tasty. More au jus needed for the size of the sandwich. Butternut squash dish under seasoned but tasted fresh. Would visit again.
Went on NYE with my fiance for dinner. They had a special menu for new year's which was pricier than their regular fare (and had more of a traditional entree selection) I got a delightful glass of riesling and my fiance got an oatmeal stout. I'm familiar with Hardware's drink list so I was pleased to find lots of similarities between the two. We both got the simple salad which was pricey ($7) for a plain green salad w/ a couple tomatoes and cuke slices. It was really fresh tasting which is always nice and the dressing was delightful... perfectly lemon-peppery. I got the tenderloin with roasted asparagus, mashed potatoes, red wine demi glace and mushrooms. I ordered it rare and it was cooked perfectly... so good. It was also a generous portion. My fiance got the rib eye with chili ancho butter, snap peas and buttermilk fried onion rings. It was a very large portion of steak, a few peas and lots of onion rings. He said the steak was one of the best he'd had. He absolutely loved the butter. The service was somewhat slow (but they were working with a special menu) and I the ambiance was nice and it wasn't too busy. I'll be back!
I cannot give 5 stars since we only sat at the bar and didn't have dessert.  I will save my 5s for a complete experience.  But what we did experience was phenomenal.   The bartender, Marcus, was conscientious, informative and knowledgeable.  He even went back to the kitchen to clarify and then explain a random question I had about a noodle.  Mind you the place was packed.  He was able to suggest wine and was perfectly friendly and attentive. We just shared a plate of greens, sweet pea wonton soup and a duck cassoulet.  All were fantastic, well seasoned, perfectly presented dishes .  The sweet pea wonton was delicious - full of flavor and aroma, and the same for the cassoulet. It was a great pit stop.  Next time, I'll go full out and let ya know more!   Oh - Almost got away without a critique!  Not so fast BRKB - what is with the ceiling flags?  They make for a bit of a confusing ambiance to me.  What are all these hipsters doing at Chi-Chis?   (Although, I did love me some Chi-Chis).
Been here multiple times-Overall good place with yummy food. Had excellent clams here, prepared 2 different ways. Very solid burger, one of the better ones in Buffalo. The fries tend to be overdone however. Fish tacos are good. The space is cramped and it can get crowded at peak times. Serves full menu relatively late, walked in at 1130pm one time with no trouble. They have a specialty drink menu which is mostly sweet cocktails that are hit and miss but they have a good beer and wine selection.
Great spot for a drink off the usual route. Great people working and a solid beer selection. Odd that this seems to be promoted as a "nicer" alternative to sister restaurant Hardware. I've always found Hardware's food to be surprising excellent despite an understated menu and BRKB's disappointing, overpriced, and oversold. Pro-tip: BRKB is open Mondays unlike every other thing in Buffalo so you might as well head over.
Stopped here on a Friday night.   Bellied up to the bar and ordered a Makers Mark cocktail to start-mmm-then a Xingu! (A most delicious Brazilian beer that was introduced to me by a patron at another fabulous dining location)  The companion drank draft Rusty Chain for the evening.   The bar was an interesting experience.  (The place is loud as heck. Thank you tin ceiling and hardwood flooring.)  The bartender seemed pretty hands off, but attentive to us when we were running low on fluids, and let us enjoy our drinks and meals.   We shared the Tuna Tartare appetizer.  Came with a sriracha-like sauce and wasabi.  Silky and refreshing.   I enjoyed the duck confit pizzetta, and the companion enjoyed the pork enchiladas.   Both were as you would expect--scrumptious!   What would make it a 5 for me??  Maybe another visit, maybe saving enough room to see what they have going on for dessert?
Yelp needs half stars and if that option were available, I would have given two and a half. So my adventure started with a more or less empty BRBG, a few people at the bar but no one at any of the tables. After being greeted and promptly seated a gentleman came over to take our drink order. My dining partner asked if there was a cocktail menu and the response was, well, we are phasing out the old one and bringing in a new menu. That's fine but when we asked to see either one of them, neither was available but he said they would make anything from the old menu..huh? I'm sorry, I didn't memorize the menu the last time i was here. OK, we got past that with 2 wonderful cocktails after all then enjoyed a most scrumptious, satisfying dinner. I had the Loch Etive Trout three ways.Flash seared with melon salsa, Sashimi with honey soy and Ceviche with pineapple, I couldn't tell you which was the best, they were all great, the salmon was fresh and quality grade. My dining companion had the Oven Roasted Chicken with potato leek hash and roasted Brussels sprouts, needless to say there were two clean plates when we were done. Then it went back downhill, the Espresso chocolate cupcake was dry and had no espresso flavor and very little chocolate resemblance. The food and drink, fantastic, the service however....eh.
This is my current favorite place to eat in Buffalo. I have had dinner here five times since they opened and every experience was wonderful.  The menu is diverse and exciting without being pretentious and complicated. You can spend some money on a three course meal (worth every penny) or just grab a sandwich. They have a good wine and beer selection as well. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxed and warm. Their new outdoor patio is beautiful! This place is worth a trip to Black Rock!
Ive been here twice now....both times were "a-ok" The menu is unique...but decently priced.  Both times I had difficultly deciding what I wanted to eat.  Definitely a good place to go if you want to branch out and try something new. I'm torn in the atmosphere department.  It is EXTREMELY loud.  Both times I was lucky and got a small table sort of separated from the other tables (most of the tables are right on top of each other and the loudness prevents you from having intimate conversation.  But I do like the ambience...and that they serve me tap water in my very own bottle for plentiful refills (im a fish.) Both times I was really pleased with the service.  Each waiter gave great suggestions.   Hubs had veal, potatoes, asparagus....he pretty much licked the plate clean. I had meatball soup (good enough) a brisket sandwhich on pumpernickle with fancy mustard (a little dry because of the bread, but yum) and frenchfries--crispy and fresh. We shared orange cream crepes mmm (ask for extra chocolate sauce!) go black rock!
I have been to this place three times, twice for dinner and once for brunch. I have to say that their food is actually good for the price. The management, on the other hand, is horrible. Last time I was there with a big group of people we were insulted by one of the owners because the group was a few people short from the original reservation. There are plenty of restaurants in Buffalo in nicer areas with better food and service.
I had never heard of BRKB until a friend suggested it for dinner. I was so impressed with the entire experience! The food was of very high quality - I tried the butternut squash cannelloni while my dining companion had the duck cassoulet. My cannelloni was wonderful, with the curry-like tomato sauce perfectly complimenting the butternut squash and cheese filling. The only thing that could'dve made it better would have been some sort of texture to the dish - it was pretty uniform throughout. The cassoulet was delicious and actually reminded me of a breakfast dish...if breakfast were an explosion of duck and bean deliciousness. They have a full bar but the emphasis seems to be on beer/wine. I think a few signature cocktails would really make this place stand out and compliment the meticulous flavors of the food. The service was great and despite it being a busy friday night, we didn't feel rushed to turn tables or get out of there. I am definitely looking forward to going back!
Went to BRKB last Friday for some drinks- and have frequented the establishment many times for dinner, brunch, etc. Food is creative, tasty, but not particularly memorable. I like their apps, but the entree's and sandwiches are just so-so. The real gem of this place is the bar, solid beer menu for draft and bottles, every type of liquor you could want- attentive bartenders depending on the night. Recommend for drinks.
Shame on me for living so close and not exploring this place prior to yesterday!  I heard about it.  I read about.  I just never venture past Wegmans on Amherst Street, so I forgot about it.   Well I am glad that my friend suggested this as our meeting grounds.  We were unsure of the weather, so she said there is a patio if it's nice, if not we can sit inside.  I loved the atmosphere inside.  There are shorter dining tables along the right wall, in the center are higher bar top tables, and there is a large, long bar on the left wall.  There is also a cozy little bar nook in the front left window.  The purple-ish paint on the walls complements the paintings and decorations throughout.  The only thing I was unimpressed with was the bathroom.  It didn't seem to be on the same caliber as the restaurant, and carried a musty, mildew odor that had me holding my breath the entire time I was in there. When we arrived shortly after 6 pm it was not busy at all.  Only 2 or 3 other tables were occupied, and there were a couple people at the bar.  It was comfortable and roomy.  By the time we left, it was packed! The whole place was practically filled.  At that point it felt a little cramped because the tables were very small and in close proximity to one another. They had a cocktail menu (or should I say a "rocktail" menu as they stated).  All drinks on the menu were $9.  Some looked enticing, but we opted for glasses of wine.  The price on the glasses of wine varied, some were $6, and some were up to $11.  My friend pointed out the fish tacos to me on the menu, and I couldn't help but order them.  Priced at $15, I was eager to try them, since Cantina Loco has my absolute favorite fish taco for only $6 and I wanted to compare.  The menu describes the fish tacos as follows:  three corn meal crusted ocean perch, pico de gallo, guacamole, and micro greens on a flour tortilla.  I personally, would have placed the guacamole before the ocean perch in that description.  Overall, they were "Ok".  Too much guacamole (I had to scrape some off) and not enough fish.  (Definitely not Cantina Loco's fish tacos).  And for $15, it was overpriced, and I was under whelmed.  Honestly, I felt the majority of the menu was overpriced (as many other reviewers mentioned).  However I am a sucker for the atmosphere, and there really isn't anything like this comparable close by (Yelpers - tell me if I am wrong, so I can add it on my "go to" list). The hostess was very friendly.  The waiter was friendly as well; I just wish he would have checked on us more often.  I had to flag him down when I wanted a second glass of wine (and that was after I was finished eating too).  I can't wait to return here for drinks and sit at the bar.
Have been eager to try this place for months after hearing so many good things.  Arrived @ 6pm with my husband & we were told they were waiting on reservations coming in, so it would be about an hour wait for a table.  There were several open tables for 2 (and I know they don't accept reservations for parties smaller than 4) so I didn't understand this.  But we wanted to have a drink anyway so no matter.  I had the pilsner on tap (pretty good) and he had the Sly Fox pilsner, which came in a can.  It didn't taste bad (although I liked my draft better) but canned beer is just odd to see at a bar. We were offered a table @ 6:30pm (with many tables still open...) and sat down.  Started with FRIED MUSHROOM GOAT CHEESE WONTON, TRUFFLE MAYO & LAMB & CURRANT DOLMADES WITH DILL YOGURT SAUCE.  Both seemed a bit boring at first, but the flavors really came out as we continued eating & we ended up loving both.  5 wontons, 4 dolmades.  The wontons were a tad soggyunderneath, but they tasted so good we didn't mind.  And that mayo is good enough to eat with a spoon!  The dolmades reminded me of Bulgaria (where my family is from) - similar to stuffed grape leaves.  I could have used a bit more of the dill sauce but perhaps they didn't want to overpower the lamb. At this point I asked for a smaller glass of the beer I was drinking (I didn't want a full pint.)  There was some discussion as to what glass to put it in - not sure why.  I mean, really - it's a bar, they usually have 2-3 different size glasses of draft beer; what's the problem?   Anyway, I screwed up & told our waiter that I was drinking the Scotch Ale - I realized my mistake when I saw him walking over with a coffee-colored beer.  Oops.  He was very kind & told me it would be not problem to replace it with a different beer but I offered to try it anyway.  Boy, am I glad I did - I loved it!  Way better than my pilsner!  I always scoffed any any dark brown beer, assuming it would be harsh or bitter.  I've learned my lesson - it was smooth, rich & delicious.   We both decided to get sandwiches.  Husband got ROAST PORK PRESSED SANDWICH, WITH HAM, SWISS LORRAINE, EGG, & SPICY MUSTARD.  Absolutely delicious.  Juice running down his chin/all over hands & everything.  He tore it up & was not happy when I asked for a bite (he did give me ONE.)  I opted for the FRIED SHRIMP PO-BOY WITH CREOLE SAUCE ON A BAGUETTE.  The shrimp was amazing - plump & perfectly cooked; the creole sauce was a perfect compliment.  We both had the fries for our side, which we were told are hand-cut in the restaurant.  Very good, but if they have the mac & cheese as an option next time, I'll try that - the "side" crocks I noticed going to other tables were enormous & looked awesome. I would love to go back & try some other menu items; particularly the DUCK LEG CONFIT BLT. CURED DUCK LEG, DOUBLE SMOKED BACON, RIPE TOMATO, MAYONNAISE, BUTTER LETTUCE & TOASTED WHITE BREAD.  Not exactly in the neighborhood for us (and NOT a place you bring your 2 year old) but we WILL be back.  Eventually.
This is a cool gastropub with a swanky atmosphere, and I should say, good food as well. I had dinner here recently, and I should say I liked the food and the experience as a whole. When we arrived, the dining area was apparently fully booked, so we were seated at the window. It was either that, or the bar. And once all the seats inside were taken, the patio was also opened. Good thing they had window shades, so it blocked the sunlight. Always a good thing. My companion and I split the cheese plate for appetizers, while we were sipping on beer and cocktails. They had a wide beer selection, which was great. For dinner, I had the ocean perch tacos, which, I should say, was a great mixture of flavors, while my companion had the half-chicken which was swimming in aromatic herbs. I should say the service was great too. Not spectacular, but great regardless. There's room for improvement, which is why I am withholding the 5th star, but it's definitely 4-star material. If they would improve the comfort level of the window seating, and if they'd give the service an extra mile (like noticing the level of the water bottle, or giving me the missing fork, without me drawing their attention to it), then I'd be more than happy to give them a full score. Oh, and what's the deal with not being able to split the check? We asked if we could put X amount in one card and dump the remainder on the other card, but apparently they couldn't do that. Instead, we had to split it by dish. So bizarre, never heard of it before. They'd have to be happy with 4 for now, but I'm more than willing to head back and try them again.
I have been for both dinner and brunch and thought each venture was just ok. The enchiladas I had for dinner had very little resemblance to traditional enchiladas. (Why is it so hard for this town to figure out a decent tortilla?) They were okay but lacking sauce. Brunch here was overly complicated. Every dish seemed to have one more ingredient than needed, but things were decent. Must admit, most of us left still feeling hungry.
Sunday brunch on Mother's Day.  Food was very good but portions were small for the price.  Nice space with art on the wall, a real upgrade for this part of town.
Oy. So we walked in here, party of 5, at 5:45p on the Friday after thanksgiving. There was one party at a table and one at the bar. The hostess asked if we had reservations. We didn't and she didn't seem to know what to do. She mumbled something about the chef having enough time to cook for us and walked away. She came back, saying that we could sit but we only had an hour and fifteen minutes because other people had reservations at 7. She only told this to one member of our party, so it took us a while to figure out what was going on. One member of our party got pretty upset and started yelling about how this is poor service and the waitress tried to tell us she was accommodating us. Mind you, there were at least 8 other open tables in this small restaurant. Then some other lady came over to try and help out the waitress, but all she said was "what's the problem?" Not really professional. We asked again what was going on, and she said that someone had reserved the table for 7p. I asked if we could sit at another table because I was still confused about the situation. She said the other tables were reserved as well. Anyway, the upset person in our party and this lady got into it and we left. I know it was a Friday of a holiday weekend, but come on, no one was there. This was terrible service.
The Horror...oh the Horror!  I was soooo excited about this place.  The menu sounded avant garde, it was a booster for an up and coming neighborhood, and it is a true Gastropub (see my review on the Delaware).  I've eaten there twice* now and I probably will not go back.   As for the restaurant its a bit of a pain to get a reservation, it fills up quick and gets very loud.  I'm not an old lady though so this isn't too big of a deal to me. The bar has a great selection of beers, but the liquor selection was a bit lacking (of course Vera Pizzaria has ruined all other cocktail bars in Buffalo). The first time I went I tried the roasted bone marrow appetizer and the cheese Plate (very tasty).  The bone marrow was spectacular (as is all bone marrow) but it was a bit difficult to get at.  Finally, two restaurants in town serve bone marrow on the regular (Bambino is the other if you were wondering) and neither of them serves it the easy way.  They don't even offer a straw to suck it up.  So I'm going to let out a little secret to the chefs out there, either offer us the proper utensils to break into the depths of the bone or Freeze the bone first and cut it lengthwise on a band saw.   That way it creates a trough of goodness that is easy to get to.     That night everyone at the table ordered the sandwiches and I tried all of them.  None of them jumped out at me as being great or bad, they were...meh. When I went back the second time, I went with a distinguished and adventurous eater (also a fine Radiation Oncologist) to live deep and suck out all the marrow of the menu (nod to Thoreau).  By far the crowing jewel was the fried mushroom goat cheese wontons with a truffle mayo.  There were light and tasty not greasy at all.  The truffle mayo was made fresh fresh and it was a perfect compliment.  We also ordered the lamb lollipop special which was also very tasty and well prepared.  Everything else was almost inedible.  I tried the Foie Gras Frenchtoast which I had extremely high hopes for.  I LOVE Foie Gras and theirs was slimy and horrible.  A nice pan seared foie gras would have been a delight instead of this extreme disappointment.  Plus it did not pair well with the sweet french toast. Though I will say the french toast was tasty by itself.  I also tried the manchego cheese, olive and white anchovy pizza.  The problem here was balance.  These are three very salty ingredients and as such you end up with a very salty dish.  By themselves the ingredients were tasty, together they just did not work.  Finally, we ordered a pan seared salmon over lobster rissotto and spinach.  The salmon was overly salted, and not well cooked and the lobster rissotto was more of a lobster bisque with some arborio rice floating around.  It was ok at best.   Overall, though the menu is exciting the execution is very poor.   *I'd like to point out that I got in a lot of trouble with my girlfriend after I went back a second time because she had such bad experiences there with rudeness from the waiters and the management (see the review of Casey P. which was filtered by Yelp...wtf??  Seems like all of the valid negative reviews for this place are being filtered...Censorship?).  I fortunately did not experience this rudeness (just the opposite everyone was very friendly) so I decided to give the place another shot.  Let's just say Mr. Benedict Arnold slept on the couch that evening.
Loved this place!  Great service and tasty food.  The mac and cheese was very tasty, and the portions were generous.  Will definitely go again.
First let me start by saying the food was good... but that was all that was. The service and management have a lot of room for improvement. For example: I went there around 4:30 one afternoon to get a gift certificate. They were not open and I knew this, but this was the only time I had to go. I knocked on the door and they all just stared at me, so I smiled real pretty like until finally someone opened the door. I was greeted in the most rude tone with: "We are not open yet." Then he proceeded to shut the door in my face. Mind you I am alone and in gym attire... I obviously do not want to sit and eat. As the door is closing in my face I politely say, " I need a gift certificate." To make a long story shorter, all but one was annoyed I disturbed them all sitting at the bar pretending to work. All but one, I recognize him from Hardware. He was polite and quickly got my gift card. Another example was a reservation we made for New Years... which we canceled 3 days prior... On New Years we get a call, someone yelling at us for not showing up threatening to charge a credit card they did not have. Unfortunately the nice man from Hardware was not enough to entice us to go back. So for some reason THIS GOT FILTERED.... CENSORSHIP? Really Yelp? Apparently one cannot be truthful about their experience. I thought that was the purpose of this site? Guess I was naive.
We made dinner reservations during restaurant week and showed up only to be told that they "overbooked" so we could either leave (really nice customer service) or sit at the bar.  We had tickets to a show and were on a time constraint so we decided to sit at the bar.  Our waitress came over to take our order and bring us our drinks and then WE NEVER SAW HER AGAIN.  After 60 minutes of waiting for the $20.12 special we had to ask the bartender where our food was.  Apparently our order was never put in.  No one came to apologize or take another order.  We were told "that happens when it gets really busy".
Loved this place! Great addition to the neighborhood. Went with another couple and everyone was very pleased with their meals.  Can't wait for the back patio to open!
I want to like this place and see it succeed but so far I'm not impressed.  I will give it another try, like to give places 2 tries.  Was there in the summer with a co-worker and the top person in our company. Service was S L O W and the place was empty. What took so long??  I was in food service for a long time, the stuff we ordered was not super complicated and not one other table was occupied so maybe they had to pop over to Wegman's for ingredients?  Who knows.  I think the waitress was mediocre considering we were her only table, she wasn't terrible but like they say you only get one chance to make a first impression.  I enjoyed my specialty drink but it didn't blow my mind and for the price it should have.  The food was also lackluster particularly in light of the price.  I got some fish tacos and a salad, consisted of 2 tiny tacos and the salad was also of the miniature variety, talk about portion control!  It was just waaaay overpriced for Buffalo, if its going to be tiny portions then it better impress with flavor.  Also it started raining and waitress seemed annoyed that we moved instead of being helpful, again we were the only people there!  The music was nice and I like the location, didn't really see the inside decor.Over $30 not including tip, as I've said before the economy is bad and i'm limiting my dining out folks... One more thing, it does not even remotely compare to Allen St Hardware Cafe, same owner......
As a fan of Mark Goldman's allentown establishment, Hardware, I was excited to learn he was setting up shop in Black Rock. I went for dinner on opening night, and had a really enjoyable experience. The server was friendly and attentive, and did not rush us, allowing us ample time to look over the menu and extensive beer list. The food was delicious, with the exception of one or two small plates that fell a bit flat. My personal favorites were the truffled goat cheese wontons, and the shrimp and cucumber salad.  The shrimp and polenta dish was a bit bland, and could have used some spicing. Although the menu encompasses many different cuisines, it still feels put together and well planned. I will definitely be back, and am excited to see that they are featuring DJ's on Friday night.  Black Rock Kitchen and Bar is an exciting addition to the neighborhood, and a sign of things to come!
Hard to say. Fish tacos were tasteless. As was the butternut squash soup. Crab cakes were tiny...but good. Didn't have the Lamb lollipops..but my mom did she said they were amazing. Mac n cheese was great as well. Server, Mark was awesome but was literally serving every single table! Venue was cute, but noisy. Guess I would say better place for drinks and aps then dinner with family.
Not a fan. Service was excellent but the food was too gourmet for my taste. Desert was out of this world though.
Came back here for dinner and was more than impressed!  I went with the butternut and mascarpone cannelloni - LOVED it.  My sister got an eggplant sandwich - she kinda of picked at it but I didn't hear any complaints.  My grandmother went with the beef brisket sandwich and said it was great.  Both the sandwiches came with fresh cut fries.  I was actually jealous that I didn't have fries beause they looked amazing (I had to steal a few to confirm how great they were!).  Prices are reasonable - the main menu was all under $20 with a few specials going over that amount.  Sandwiches were $13 or so.  My dish was $16.
One of my favorite restaurants right now. I've been here about six times since they've opened and the ambiance, atmosphere and menu are all great. I only give it four stars because I've had some slow service issues here and there, but overall any wait you have is worth it! I believe the menu changes seasonally, but everything I've had there has been delicious! The beer and wine selection is also top notch.
Yelp is getting completely unreliable. Read the reviews in the "blackballed" section, they're spot on & not some jaded critique.
I was a little worried going in as the place does have a buzz in the area and buzz doesn't always translate into good. It is loud, not exactly intimate, and in the case of dining in the window like we did, you are a bit on display. If you can ignore all that, all good. Nice extensive beer list and I was a conservative and took in the cut of their burger making jib and they did well. My date's perch tacos were good looking too, just a little sauce deprived. The wait staff was never obtrusively, but was attentive enough. I'd go again.
Pleasantly surprised. Drove by and stopped in. Service was great, even took the time to hand stuff some olives with blu cheese for my super picky wife's martini. Great food, no BS wait times and I would go back again.
My husband's burger was a "monster of juiciness" about 5 inches high. The fries were made from actual real potatoes with skins still on...they were bursting with real potato flavor. My fish tacos were crisp, fresh, and very yummy. Apps were great too. The service couldn't have been better. Our waitress was awesome. Other than the weird purple color of the walls, this place couldn't have been better. Yay Blackrock! Yay Buffalo!
The restaurant had a lot to offer including great food, drinks, all at a great price. Loved the service and everything about it. Menu was outstanding.....went there 2 weeks ago and going back tonight!
They have a really cool rustic outdoor dinning space in the back.  It's half in a carriage house and half under an arbor.   Definitely, perfect for an intimate dinner.  The food was tasty, and just the right size.  They also had a large specials menu with a lot of appt and entree options.
We went with a party of 6 people dinner, The bar was busy when we got there. The server was attentive but appeared overwhelmed.  The server tried his best and was a pleasant person the entire night. There is a decent amount of vegetarian choices on the menu. High points: the artichoke appetizer and the mushroom dumpling. The other items where fine. It took a long time to get another rounds of drinks. There where 2 desserts on the specials menu, both awesome. Our entire group debated a 3 or a 4 Yelp stars, but the good out weighed the bads. We all want more places in Black Rock, they have somethings to work on to be a success.
I had dinner here last night with 3 other family members after the Nickel City Chef competition at Artisan Kitchens and Baths. It was quite busy since it's in the same neighborhood and one of the few places around there that's open on a Sunday. They serve sandwiches and some entrees. It's small inside but we had a reservation so we were seated immediately. They had many specialty cocktails, some daily menu specials, and the regular (limited) menu. Our reservation was at 5:30 and they had already run out of 2 items, the pulled pork sandwich from the regular menu, and one of the special entrees. A little disappointing as I was looking forward to the pulled pork. Instead I opted for the trout BLT, an interesting and tasty combination served with a delicious sauce on an artisan bread. While it tasted pretty good, there were 2 things wrong with it: there was so much bread that it was hard to eat and the bacon was thick cut and cooked well on the outer edge and rare inside. I couldn't chew it and had to take it off, as well as half of the bread. One of our party had the shrimp Po'Boy sandwich that he enjoyed and another had the fish tacos that were served on a soft flour tortilla... Hmmmm... Something not right about that. She enjoyed the filling but only after it had been separated from its unfortunate cover. We also had shared the roasted artichokes appetizer, simply prepared with olive oil and salt. They were delicious. For dessert we had red velvet cupcakes with cream cheese frosting. Yummy! Service was friendly and attentive.
Saturday Brunch.  Eclectic decor.  Awesome Bloody Mary (I think it was the peppercini juice).  Given it was Saturday Brunch, there was a great selection to choose from. And nothing skimpy about portions either.  Definitely on the list to return to.
Our new favorite restaurant. Great service, especially Sarah. Love the decor and atmosphere. Busy as any good restaurant should be on a Friday evening. We started by sharing a salad and an appetizer. The salad was their version of a Caesar which we've had before and is always good, especially the parmesan crisps. My husband enjoyed his Cabernet (don't know the brand). The scallops over bacon butternut squash were to die for. Seared to perfection. Some may have thought the seasoning on the salty side but we were actually rolling our eyes and moaning in enjoyment (sad but true). We both had the lobster tail which was so good we were picking out the last little bits with our fingers. I thought the smoky flavor of the grilled asparagus was too intense but my husband liked it. Despite being full we had to hear the dessert options and lucky for us we made room for the flourless chocolate cake in a Grand Marnier sauce. Warm, soft and wonderful chocolate flavor. Wish they'd given me a spoon to finish off the sauce. It's nice to not have any regrets about spending over $100. It was worth every penny especially after having so many disappointing dinners at other places. Last week I did have Black Rock's pot stickers and some shrimp on a stick thing that was fine but not great. I recommend always getting their seafood special though because they've been fabulous every time. You wouldn't think it would be so hard to saute a scallop but there must be some trick because the ones here are better than any I've had anywhere including travel to other places. we were still going on about our meal after we got home. Yum! We'll be back soon.
I went again about a month ago, this time with two people.  We decided to get wine and apps (Small Plates).  We couldn't get in until 9pm on a Sat, so we went a half hour early and they seated us right away.  I got the cheese plate and wine right away, of course a good selection of cheeses.  We then went on to lamb currant dolmades, and fois gras french toast.  I loved the lamb, in fact I we had to get two because I didn't share.  The fois gras tasted great, the flavor of the French toast was dynamite, however I've never had fois gras before, and I wasn't a fan of the texture, I admit it, Im a baby.  My friends loved it, I thought it tasted great, but I'm not sure I'll ever try fois gras again, but that has nothing to do with the way this was cooked.  These service was great, and of course it was packed.  It is loud in there, and if it's too loud for you you're probably too old.  The reason it's loud is because people are laughing, and having fun.  It's called enjoying oneself. Seriously if you want to eat somewhere quiet, walk into a Old Country Buffet.  That place is so eerily quiet, it's like the people don't come up for air.  Nothing against OCB, I survived on it in college.  Anyways, Black Rock is a must stop because it's fun, delicious, and the items are just a tad different then you will get elsewhere.
Mark Goldman's newest establishment is definitely worth checking out!  I've been there three times now, and each time, the food, drinks and service have been really fantastic.  My first experience was shortly after they opened; myself and three friends ordered a variety of dishes, and each of us absolutely LOVED our meal.  Mine was the eggplant panini with tomato, basil, mascarpone, and a side of BRKB's delicious fresh-cut fries, with unique dipping sauces, including garlic sea salt aioli.  One friend ordered the fish tacos and said they were perfect (he's been back several times and said they've hit the mark without fail), while another had one of the fantastic specials.  Everyone walked away full, satisfied, and very pleased with the overall experience. On top of all that, I enjoy patronizing a restaurant that revitalized a historic building, on a street that's experiencing a renaissance.  Black Rock Kitchen and Bar is a lovely addition to the Amherst Street scene.
One of my favorite restaurants in buffalo. I have had dinner and brunch here now. Everything is totally fresh and tasty. Had the flight of the bruschettas at brunch, so delicious! Great bloody Mary's too. Very nice waiter. They are opening a garden patio and are starting a happy hour, I look forward to my next visit!
Talk about amazing food! Very creative menu, great service, fun atmosphere. Great place for a night out. You must check out this incredible spot!
We ate here the other night with some friends. I was super excited to try this place out after reading all the other reviews on here and have been romanticizing it since I first saw work being done on the facade a year ago. It was okay....not great, not horrible. We had a couple drinks at the bar before sitting at our table and enjoyed it there.  The food was alright, not great. We had a few appetizers and each tried a different entree to share. We all agreed that the food was okay, nothing we were interested to try again. We probably would have come back again, but we all felt very rushed and for seemingly no reason as we got there after the dinner rush and there were no other parties waiting. Our server was determined to get our orders placed and set down asap, but then never came back to fill our water nor offer us another glass of wine....we thought perhaps he wanted to get home, but then he sat at the bar for the remainder of our stay at the restaurant. Overall, I have had better service and food for the price in many other area restaurants....
I had to give this place 5 stars because I always love it here, but the other night I ate one of the best meals I have ever eaten at a restaurant (it was the swoardfish - it was a featured special that night). The atmosphere here is modern with a vintage twist (it was an old hardware store so it still features some cool archtecture). The service has always been great. The menu has something for everyone who wants to have a NICE dinner. You probably could have kids here, but it wouldn't be ideal for them. The food is always superb. They offer tons of options, but I suggest trying one of their specials that they are featuring. They offer apps, small plates, salads, sanwitches, an exstensive beer and wine selection (they also have a bar if you only want to go have a drink there). For a great night out, go to dinner and then hit up Rohall's Corner -  the bar across the street. I am moving soon, but this will be one of the places I miss the most.
They have a really cool rustic outdoor dinning space in the back.  It's half in a carriage house and half under an arbor.   Definitely, perfect for an intimate dinner.  The food was tasty, and just the right size.  They also had a large specials menu with a lot of appt and entree options.
We went with a party of 6 people dinner, The bar was busy when we got there. The server was attentive but appeared overwhelmed.  The server tried his best and was a pleasant person the entire night. There is a decent amount of vegetarian choices on the menu. High points: the artichoke appetizer and the mushroom dumpling. The other items where fine. It took a long time to get another rounds of drinks. There where 2 desserts on the specials menu, both awesome. Our entire group debated a 3 or a 4 Yelp stars, but the good out weighed the bads. We all want more places in Black Rock, they have somethings to work on to be a success.
Since BRK&B has a brand new menu, I thought this was a good time for me to finally write a review! I've been here several times now for brunch, dinner, or cocktails. This restaurant's presence on Amherst has helped to bring life back to a fairly isolated part of the city. I've been a longtime fan of Mark Goldman's other popular spot, Hardware, mostly for its environment, beer selection, and staff. BRK&B has much of the same attributes. Last night I went to BRK&B for dinner with a party of six. We split gnocchi, some sort of sweet potato croquettes, and ratatouille to start. All of these appetizers, especially the croquettes, were great. I wish I could remember all the details of these dishes but I'd had a couple drinks and the new menu is not online yet. I had an out-of-this-world cauliflower dish with brussel sprouts and steak frites as an entree. The other guests in my party ordered risotto, fish of the day, a ruben, and pork tenderloin. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their meals. My friend who had the ruben said it was not exactly what he was expecting, but 5 for 6 is not bad in my book. Finally, we split chocolate mousse, apple pie, ice cream, and bananas foster for dessert. Needless to say, everyone was stuffed and satisfied.
I had dinner here last night with 3 other family members after the Nickel City Chef competition at Artisan Kitchens and Baths. It was quite busy since it's in the same neighborhood and one of the few places around there that's open on a Sunday. They serve sandwiches and some entrees. It's small inside but we had a reservation so we were seated immediately. They had many specialty cocktails, some daily menu specials, and the regular (limited) menu. Our reservation was at 5:30 and they had already run out of 2 items, the pulled pork sandwich from the regular menu, and one of the special entrees. A little disappointing as I was looking forward to the pulled pork. Instead I opted for the trout BLT, an interesting and tasty combination served with a delicious sauce on an artisan bread. While it tasted pretty good, there were 2 things wrong with it: there was so much bread that it was hard to eat and the bacon was thick cut and cooked well on the outer edge and rare inside. I couldn't chew it and had to take it off, as well as half of the bread. One of our party had the shrimp Po'Boy sandwich that he enjoyed and another had the fish tacos that were served on a soft flour tortilla... Hmmmm... Something not right about that. She enjoyed the filling but only after it had been separated from its unfortunate cover. We also had shared the roasted artichokes appetizer, simply prepared with olive oil and salt. They were delicious. For dessert we had red velvet cupcakes with cream cheese frosting. Yummy! Service was friendly and attentive.
I had an amazing dinner and experience here yesterday. We were seated outside in the "garage," a beautiful rustic backyard area with a former garage filled with seating. We ordered two perfect bourbon and lemonade "rocktails" and started off with meatballs. The meatballs came with spicy marinara and buttery toast to finish off the sauce. We did end up waiting a little too long for the three meatballs but it wasn't an issue, the backyard had a very relaxing vibe to it. Shortly after our very friendly server brought out my crab cake BLT and my dudes steak sammy. The crab cake rivaled ones I had in Baltimore and the avocado and bacon made it a unique eat. The steak sandwich was enormous and cooked to order, you certainly can't go wrong with that. I wouldn't return here if I was in a hurry but for a laid back, high quality weekend dinner  I wouldn't think twice.
Saturday Brunch.  Eclectic decor.  Awesome Bloody Mary (I think it was the peppercini juice).  Given it was Saturday Brunch, there was a great selection to choose from. And nothing skimpy about portions either.  Definitely on the list to return to.
Black Rock has become my favorite neighborhood place to while away a Sunday evening, sitting at the bar enjoying one of the various and sundry available cocktails (on and off the menu) while at turns chatting with Tony and reading a book. It gets busy without being excessively loud, but the dining room is almost always virtually empty. Order something off the menu and you'll understand why. I enjoy the Caesar salad and a couple other things (the fried chicken comes to mind) but for the most part dishes that sound great in theory come out just sort of meh. I don't even remember most of what I've tried, because very little of it was in any way memorable. Overall still a good spot to have a few drinks, improvements in the kitchen could bump it up to excellent.
