My husband purchased a gift certificate for the Wrapsody Package (1 hour wrap + 1 hour massage).  I was so excited!   -Positives: My appointment was with Monica.  She did an awesome job on both the wrap and the massage! She paid very close attention to tight muscles, knots and areas that were bothering me.  I would highly recommend her.   -Negatives: I arrived 10 minutes early and the secretary was not friendly at all.  I felt as though I was bothering her.  A smile never hurt anyone.  In between the wrap and the massage I was escorted to the waiting room to wait while they changed the bedding in my room.  This was SO uncomfortable/embarrassing as I was naked only in a robe they provided, barefoot, standing in the waiting room which is the front of the house with a large window!  I would not have minded staying in the room while they needed to do whatever they needed to do.  My last negative is that the walls are paper thin.  I was trying to relax and I could hear all of the girls having conversations in the room next to me, every person that walked by and every appointment being made.
okay, so i didn't go here for a massage which is their specialty so maybe the joke's on me, but i needed a Brazilian wax and had never gotten one in Buffalo (grew up in buffalo, live in boston now) before so I decided to try it out. This girl had NO CLUE what she was doing.  She used hard wax for the entire thing, which made it the most painful wax I've ever had.  I'm not against hard wax, but she did not know how to use it.  Waxers must know how to grab the wax in one stroke when using hard wax, otherwise it's the apocalypse.  I was beaming red after, and sore for a couple days.  I don't recommend this place for any type of waxing.
When I'm in the Buffalo area and looking for a massage I usually go to the spa in the Seneca Niagara Casino. The casino's one downside is the price, which led me to try The Massage Suite and Spa in Kenmore. With a student discount they've advertised a one hour massage for $55 (regular is $65). The building itself seems a little ramshackle. The waiting room is nice, if cramped, but the massage rooms have very thin walls and windows inadequately covered which let quite a bit of daylight through. I could hear every noise on the street, in the hallway, and in the next room, which made it difficult to relax. The table was covered with what felt like regular bedsheets (folded over to fit) and the face rest was just loosely topped with a folded pillowcase. The masseuse was very friendly and chatted throughout the hour, which would have been fine if she wouldn't have stopped the massage every time she reached a point she wanted to emphasize. She did a great job on my neck and shoulders, but everything else felt sort of rushed and half-hearted. It also seemed like the massage ended kind of abruptly, and this may have just been perception but it seemed like they were rushing me out of there. When I paid I was offered a paper cup of water on the way out. Not relevant to the massage itself, but getting out of the parking lot was kind of a nightmare. It is super small and when full of cars it was extremely difficult to back out. Overall there wasn't anything outstandingly negative about my experience, but I wouldn't go back. I'd recommend spending a little more and going somewhere else.
Great Massage, not so great customer service.   My girlfriend got me a gift certificate to go to this place for an hour massage last Christmas. Closing in the the expiration date, I make an appointment. I'll admit I made a mistake and made an appointment for a 30 minute massage but I also told the woman who took the appointment I wasn't  sure how long it was for. So I get there, receive a half hour massage and when it's time to pay I turn in the certificate to realize it was actually for an hour. The receptionist offers me a $10 credit since I told them the wrong time frame. Not thinking about it at first I call back once home and question this offer. If my girlfriend paid in full for 1 hour plus gratuity, why would I only be offered $10? The woman goes on to explain price differences to me. Bottom line, in my opinion, if I pay for (or my girlfriend pays in this situation) for a 1 hour massage, ultimately you should receive a 1 hour massage. This was my first massage ever and first time to this place. The massage was great (I think since I have nothing to compare it to). You only get one opportunity however to make a first impression, in my opinion this wasn't the greatest one.
I went to this place while visiting my family in the area.  My family had a gift certificate they suggested to me and I called to ensure it would be honored.  The woman I spoke to stated that it would be. The massage itselt was fine.  It wasn't bad, but I've had better.  For the price of $70, it wasn't anything special. Upon checking out, the receptionist would not honor the gift certificate staing it was too old, even though it had not expiration date.  When she contacted the owner, the owner urged her NOT to honor the gift certificate and as a customer, I felt duped and unsupported.  The lack of customer service alone is my main reason for the negative review.  It is something I'd be more able to overlook if the massage itself was better. I would NOT suggest this company to family or friends, or strangers..
I have gone to Massage Suite & Spa 4 times, 3 for massages and once for a facial.  Each time I have had a terrible customer service experience, and while the masseuse and aesthetician were fine, they are not good enough for me to ever go back. At today's appointment I witnessed a couple come in for a massage, and apparently there was an error with the booking but the Receptionist was so rude to them about it! Her response was "we've been booked for weeks" when she indicated she made the appointment and in fact they had her credit card information.  I hope they lost that business, as I would never return after that initial interaction! Additionally, apparently the staff doesn't keep notes on repeat clients which is a bad practice. There is nothing about this "spa" that would make me return or refer anyone.
Don't judge a book by its cover! The Massage Suite & Spa looks like a little dive of a place from the outside, but the friendly people and the quaint spa atmosphere inside make up for it. I was looking for a place to book a spa package a few days before my wedding and happened upon their website. The prices are very reasonable, which was my deciding factor on booking my appointment here. I got a facial and a 60-minute massage and thoroughly enjoyed both of them. The lady who did my facial was great--she took extra time to investigate the products, making sure none contained high amounts of Vitamin-C, as I've had allergic reactions to it in the past. The facial was extremely relaxing, and my skin looked fantastic afterward! The massage was great as well. I opted for a deep-tissue massage, and it certainly helped loosen up all the knots I had in my upper back. Overall, I was happy with the service and the treatments I received there, and would go back if I lived in the area.
