My husband and I went on a Saturday night in July and purchased level 2 tickets with the buffet dinner. The options on the buffet were very good : chicken Parmesan, prime rib, salmon for the main courses. There were also 3 salad choices- broccoli salad, coleslaw, garden, and pasta salad. All were fresh and tasty. The entrees were also tender, hit, and full of flavor. My husband really enjoyed the salmon and said it was better than the pre rib which is saying a lot!  We would give the food 7.5 out of 10. Service was very good and we were surprised to find it was Ryan's first night serving, EVER. He was very attentive without being in our space every few minutes. We never waited long for drink refills and he even limited seating at our table to only one other couple. The magic she was very good as well. The majority if the show was unique and held our interest. Yes, the theatrics were a bit much at times but overall it was fun and worth the money.
My wife was dying to take in Greg Frewin's magic act, so we went all-in and got orchestra seating right against the stage and shelled out for the buffet before the show. My feelings are mixed about the experience, so the negatives first. The theater is a bit dated and could use an update and a fresh coat of paint. You're constantly being encouraged to pony up more cash for upgraded this or that -- pictures with a lion, meet and greet with Mr. Frewin, pricey alcoholic drinks (you do get one free coffee, tea or pop with your meal). Another turn off were the lengthy pre-recorded films about Mr. Frewin's tigers (cute but over long) and a dated sizzle reel featuring dead and/or forgotten celebrities introducing Mr. Frewin in an NBC broadcast that looks to date from the early '90s, again adding to the sense of things being dated and out of touch with modern sensibilities. All that said, I'm giving The Greg Frewin Theater four full, enthusiastic stars. Why? The actual magic show was SPECTACULAR. Now, I am not particularly a fan of magic in particular or live entertainment of this sort in general. I often find such shows cringe-inducing and over-priced. As I said up front, I did this because my wife wanted to. BUT. Frewin is a funny, confident and gifted magician, taking even old tricks like levitating a woman or cutting her in half and making you shake your head in amazement. As close as we were to the stage, I couldn't figure out how any of the tricks were performed, and the two live segments (interrupted by a welcome 15 minute intermission) whizzed by. Frewin's team of assistants/dancers and stagehands are young, attractive (the show is wholesomely sexy, not sexual) and right in step with Frewin's performance -- the only apparent misstep in the entire show was a momentary slip of a card during some close-up magic projected on a big screen. Oh, the screens are really blurry and could use an upgrade. But back to the positives -- Frewin talks about his love for animals, and the tigers, birds and dog we see in the show all seem to show him genuine affection and respect. I am leery of how animals are treated when used in performances like this, but Frewin speaks sincerely and convincingly about his love for his animals and how he makes sure they are taken care of, and it shows when you see them all on stage together. The animals look healthy, happy and like they are enjoying what they are doing. So, as I noted, The Greg Frewin Theater is not perfect, but despite its minor flaws the main reason it exists, as a venue for Frewin and his people to entertain visitors to Niagara Falls, it more than gets the job done. I am happy we spent the money we did for orchestra seats and the buffet, which was fresh and tasty with a good variety of entrees and salads, and a superb dessert selection. I would recommend a visit to see Frewin perform to anyone planning to visit Niagara Falls.
I had an amazing time! We were able to get a discount from our hotel which was awesome. The hotel had recommended to be there 30 to 20minutes before the show, because I guess not all of the seats are assigned. We got there a little bit before 7pm and they were ready for guests. When we got there, we were informed that they had a few seats open farther up and we could upgrade for only $5 each, so of course we upgraded! They even offered the seats right beside the stage but we chose the ones for the slightly further away and center stage! As  we sat down, one of the waiters came and took our orders, and a pop was only $1.99 which is actually a really good price! The show was amazing! The dancers were great to keep you entertained as they set up the next act, so you were always entertained. The magic was insane and I can't figure out how he did it! He is funny, and loves selling his items! One cool thing is afterwards you can get a photo with a tiger and it will look like you are in the cage with them. The only downside to the show was that I found myself somewhat uncomfortable with the sexual exploration of the women, but really what do you expect from a middle aged magician...
Great show Snacks and drinks are a little lame but that could be the adjusted menu for the 2000th show Still happy with my decision to come catch a magic show
I attended the show last night for my 5th yearly visit. As always, the show was amazing.. Some acts were repeats from last year (great even seeing them again) but the new ones blew me away. I will be back.
My husband planned a Niagara trip for my bday which my friend knew about so bought us level 6 tickets for the magic show. We upgraded to level 4 with dinner. Dinner was okay, chicken pram, roast beef, salmon, salads, penne pasta, cold pasta which I enjoyed. Nothing special but it was buffet so we were full! They have snacks selling (popcorn, nachos) but obviously we didn't get since we had dinner.  We got good seats since we arrived early, level four front of the railing. The show was amazing! He is a great magician. And the music in the background is modern. I loved the tigers and the bird tricks. We took a pic with the tiger after (extra $20) and got Greg Frewin to sign it. Overall, I would recommend this, family with kids, couples, or even older groups!
We attended the show, this evening.  The show is divided into 2 segments with a 15 minute intermission.  NO PHOTOGRAPHY OR VIDEOGRAPHY is allowed.  I figured I should emphasize that. The quality of the show was excellent, as were the audio/visual effects.  The center projection screen is not very sharp as the two side screens.  Mr. Frewin is an entertaining, witty guy with good humor mixed into his acts.  His 3 beautiful assistants were good, as dancers and participants in the different aspects of the show.  Crowd participation is mainly from the forward seating.  We were in the seating just behind the first compartment.  Turning our chairs facing the front made viewing more enjoyable.  Booth seating doesn't afford the same flexibility.  Rear seating makes me wonder how much one can actually see without binoculars. If you're an animal lover, you'll love seeing the various ones included in the show.  At the atrium/entrance, he has a display area where the birds reside.  He essentially does rescues of tigers and beautiful birds. The food beverage area is split between two sections:  1) The bar/food consisting of appetizers, entres and desserts, as well as a full bar with beer, wine and liquor.  2) the concessions consist of bottled water, candy and popcorn.  Staff are nice and helpful. The magic shop consists of things like shirts, programs, DVDs, posters, shirts, stuffed animals, and other fan memorabilia. From the posters all throughout the complex, he has entertainment shows beyond the magic shows.  If I were a resident or stayed in Quebec longer, I'd attend other shows:  Elvis tribute, Barbara Streisand tribute, the Platters, Canadian Tenors, etc. Overall, it was an enjoyable and worthwhile experience for the family. When I'm on vacation, I don't think about cost.  So I cannot answer for the budget minded. Two thumbs up!
On our family vacation to Niagara Falls we hit a day of rain mid stay, so my dad went looking for things to do and came back with tickets to Greg Frewin's magic show. My dad had such a grin on his face that no matter how we might have each felt about the idea of a magic show, we were all on board for anything that made my dad smile that big! The experience was great! It was exactly what we were looking for--something entertaining, light and fun. We opted not to eat there (as I had read some reviews suggesting that it wasn't worth the money) and just had drinks, which were priced on par with the rest of the area. We got the mid level seats, which actually ended up being the best in the house! If you go--definitely ask to sit on the 2nd level--you really can't get a better view! The show was great! It was a perfect blend of light comedy (lots of puns--right up my alley) and great magic! He did everything from illusions to close up card tricks where he had a video camera projecting his every move onto large drop down screens. Each time I would think, "Oh he must have..." he would then revel something that would crush my idea. It was fantastic! The only less than stellar part were the dancers, who seemed like they needed a couple of more hours of practice and sometimes seemed a little too sexy for the family atmosphere. Overall it was a great show with a great magician. It was entertaining and something the entire family, from kids to grandparents, would enjoy. I know my dad left smiling even bigger than when we went in!
I went to see Greg Frewin with my fiance on January 28th. There are 2 options: Dinner and a show, or just the show. We chose to eat dinner there as well. The food was overall delicious. The salmon was cooked perfectly - the chicken parm had good taste - the salads were good - the fruit salad was (according to my fiance) good - the dessert table had a plethora of options ranging from coconut pie, to chocolate pie, to apple pie. The pasta was poor, but everything else was so delicious it seems petty to even mention it. As far as the show goes, Greg does a fantastic job. He is funny, smart, and a very good illusionist. There were a variety of animals used in the routine: 3 tigers, a duck, and a bird. They all did excellent! Greg performed all of the tricks to perfection and engaged the audience quite a bit - twice calling audience members on stage and a couple of times talking to individual audience members in the crowd. He is the definition of a performer and he along with the food is why I am giving this show a 4 star rating! Now concerning the theater, Greg needs to make a change. This is not a natural theater style with rows of chairs all facing towards the stage. The theater is comprised of different levels of tables and they are all set vertically towards the stage. You, while in your chair and facing forward, are looking at the wall - not the stage. Therefore, during the show you have to turn your head to the left (if you are sitting on the right) and to the right (if you are sitting on the left). You can not sit straight ahead because of room constrictions (they smash the tables pretty close to each other) and because if you do the person behind you will simply be staring at your back. By the end of the night my neck was a bit sore from have to turn it to see the stage the entire time. NOTE: Including in the meal price, you are allowed 1 soda or coffee/tea. All others you have to pay for. My fiance and I ordered a total of 2 extra sodas, 2 fruity cocktails, and a mixed bar drink and the total for the drinks came to around $28. So it's not terrible priced.
Warning: this might be a spoiler! My first magic show ever. Came here with my family and everyone enjoyed it. Even my little nephew (3 years old), did not cry through it. You know the magic shows on TV? The ones you stick those gigantic swords, people disappearing, things transforming, it is exactly like it. Greg would keep you wondering, how on earth did he do that ? The animals were properly trained, and they were all so cute. Especially his 14 year old dog that has been in the show for forever. Also, all the tigers worked so hard!  Am I spoiling it ? Just expect animals! If you're an animal lover. What I thought was a bit weird were the girls dancing around. My nephew became grouchy during those parts. Forgot to add that there are snacks (popcorn & candy) and a great selection of drinks. We tried 3 different cocktails and they were all tasty! My brother had a bucket of beer for himself and my dad. All in all, this show was great.
We got a "family package" at our hotel, which among other things included tickets to the Greg Frewin magic show.  I took my 11 year old daughter.  We were very pleasantly surprised.  We had a great time.  You can buy candy, drinks, popcorn, etc. and the prices won't break you.  My daughter's review is "I loved that Niagara Falls magic show - - - it was a REALLY good show".  We thought it was better than another magic show we had seen in Vegas.
On our trip to Niagara Falls my granddaughter wanted to see the Greg Frewin Magic Show. She said it was the bomb. Of course, I got the VIP tickets which included dinner, a back stage tour, an opportunity to touch a real tiger, photos and autographs. For a 10 year old what a thrill. The only thing that I would skip was the buffet which was full of carbs, nothing fresh, and not many healthy options. However, my granddaughter truly enjoyed the show. She was in awe the entire time. The behind the scenes tour was well managed, well presented and very interesting. Greg did all the presentation and is good at it. He also talked about his tigers and other exotic animals he uses in the show. Very educational. As you can imagine, touching a tiger was the best of the best for my granddaughter. Something that could have been dangerous for the people and/or the tiger was managed very nicely. Overall, if you are taking children, I highly recommend The Greg Frewin Theatre just skip the buffet.
AMAZING! We have been wanting to go for some time but the prices were unbelievable. So we were putting it off and one day our work gave us tickets. We brought our 3 yr old and went with some friends who also have a 3 yr old. Amazing! We sat in the front row and really he is just that good! The girls I found were to "Sexified" but all in all a good show! Expect to pay ALOT of everything but it was a great experiance. My 3 yr old still talks about "The Girl just Diskapeared" and many other things I won't ruin! We ended up paying an additional $20 for 2 glasses of wine and a beer. Beer was horrible Husband didn't even finish half of it! And we bought our daughter a little Tiger $16 that was ripped the next day. But worth the money for the show. Just don't buy the extras !
