No place on earth like this place! Arts, Education, Recreation and Religion with so much history that it is impossible to overstate the effect this place has had on the world for the past 137 years.  Their last birthday celebration had someone that had been coming there yearly for 94 years!  The place does have a Norman Rockwell-like feel to it- but in a good way. Expensive to stay here for the season- we estimated it would take $13,000 for rent and gate fees for a small family of 3 to stay there May-Sept.
You would never know by the outside walls of this place that it was this impressive. I visited here for my wife's friends wedding on July 4th and was just blown away at the scenery of this place and the surroundings. It resembles a college campus with sprawling hills of old victorian homes, mixed in with concert halls, dance halls, theatres and a small village all sitting on picturesque huge lake. There are sports areas, a small beach and everything looks like it is straight out of the 1800's. Just simply awesome and I was blown away at how much a community feel it had. It is so large in fact, you could not even see this whole place in one day. The wedding was at this spectacular old Antheneum which looked like it was a step back in time. If this place was not so far away, I would visit it more often. The events included ballet, theatre, opera, lectures, classes etc. You have to see this place to believe it!!
It is an experience that is almost indescribable.  You must come to expand your mind and to tantalize all your senses, the grounds are kind of like an adult fairy tale, you can come for a day a week or a summer and always find something new and exciting.  Great for kids!!
Theme park for senior citizens- I got dragged to this place by a friend of mine who swore up and down that it was greater than the Taj Mahal, Niagara Falls, and Chuck E. Cheese all rolled into one. After parking, waiting for the shuttle (no, you can't just drive in), riding in with a bus full of geriatrics, we arrived and did a little walk around. I don't know... I understand they have extra special culturally relevant speakers up in there, but all I saw was churches and old people. If you're old and get excited by the musty odor of church, mobility scooters, and folksy architecture, this place is for you. They must eat the children there, because I didn't see any, so leave your grandkids at home (they'll be bored senseless anyway.)
The Chautauqua Institution is a not-for-profit, 750-acre educational center beside Chautauqua Lake in southwestern New York State. It was founded in 1874 as an educational experiment in out-of-school, vacation learning. Their mission is, "The exploration of the best in human values and the enrichment of life through a program that explores the important religious, social and political issues of our times; stimulates provocative, thoughtful involvement of individuals and families in creative response to such issues; and promotes excellence and creativity in the appreciation, performance and teaching of the arts." This private community really is the very definition of charming. Pedestrian-only streets, lovely (and perfectly maintained) Victorian cottages, a sweet little village center, and beautiful historic gardens all nestle along the shore of the lake. Interspersed with private residences are performance, practice, classroom, and lecture venues where residents and guests can partake of the daily seminars and workshops, watch a performance by the opera company or symphony, or enjoy a performance by one of the many national touring performers who stop through this venue. (On this visit, we watched a conversation about the creative process between Paul Simon and US Poet Laureate Billy Collins; earlier in the season, filmmaker Ken Burns was in residence.) If you're at all interested in history, this is a fascinating place to visit, as it was the start of a huge self-education movement (for adults) in the US at the turn of the 19th century. Thomas Edison was also a regular visitor (his second wife's father was a co-founder of the Institution). Franklin D. Roosevelt's historic "I hate war" speech was delivered from the podium in the Chautauqua Amphitheater in1936. The Chautauqua Institution Historic District is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Words can't describe or can't begin to explain how much I love it here. This place is pure paradise a getaway from the work week but still includes learning and fun. So what the Chautauqua institution is it's a place near the Chautauqua lake that has just about everything you could ask for. Classes to learn how to make a mosaic. Sitting in on a lecture at the amphitheater or just taking a dip in the lake. This place has it all. You can rent bikes to go for fun bike rides around the property. There is a huge park in the middle for tossing a ball around our hanging out on the lawn. They have cool shops cafés. And there isn't a moment that goes by where you are sitting inside bored out of your mind. We keep coming here because my aunt has a really cool apartment and she let's us use it when she is away. And it is just the perfect vacation even if you stay for just a week I promise your drive home will be memorable
Rich people on vacation. Mainly a bunch of bike riding Grandma's and Grandpa's.  AMAZING architecture.  Yuppies...... Oh and most importantly if you ever come here you will quite easily spot me out of the crowd. Apparently I didn't get the no jeans memo. Only khaki pants, khaki shorts, khaki skirts and khaki dresses are allowed . . . This place is the HOTNESS. I hope to come back one day before I die. Maybe I can come when I'm a grandma and hop on a bike!!
If there ever was a piece of cultural heaven on earth Chautauqua Institution is hands down, no exceptions exactly that place. It's basically a summer place with its own opera company, symphony orchestra as well as a seemingly endless program of pure cultural events. The surroundings are peaceful, pleasant, generally all done in a pristine, original Victorian in style. There really isn't any other place like it and it is a must see, must stop for any person traveling the area. There is no way that a culturally minded person can not fall in love, and I do mean completely in love with Chautauqua. As there is so much history and so many facts to add about Chautauqua, it's best to Goggle them and their Web Site (ciweb.org) as a Yelp, even a Five Star Yelp, hardly does this place the justice it deserves.
I worked and lived here for a summer while in college. I spent 3 months roaming about the place and I never really understood what was going on here or the purpose. It took time and a little perspective to "get" what they do here. Its all cultural events lectures, ballet, opera, theater, concert, symphony ect. It really is a VERY unique environment. It took a few years but now I now appreciate the experience much more.
I just attended my brothers wedding this past weekend at the Chautaqua Institution.  The area is absolutely gorgeous.   The setting was perfect for a wedding (the lake, peaceful environment, etc). Guests stayed at the Athenaeum Hotel, which is a really cool old hotel on the premises (one of the first hotels built with electricity, since Thomas Edison lived in a house in the Institution at one point. If you get the chance to explore the area, I highly recommend it.  Keep in mind though if you are going here for an event after 'in season' then the stores/shops/venues on the Institution grounds will be closed.
It is an amazing place, opera, several daily lectures and talks.  On the downside, it is a gated community that costs an absurd amount of money just for access to the grounds and the whole place has a very Stepford Wives vibe as you walk around.  If you've never been here,  check out lecture and music calendars and make a trip during the summer and be sure to allow time to walk the grounds. It's one of the WNY/southern tier's best kept secrets (evidently by design), but well worth the trip.l
I like Chautauqua Institution when it is not in season.  I like it enough that my wife and I got married there.  It's got beautiful grounds and really interesting historic buildings.  The history of the location itself is rich.  I just really dislike it when it is in season.  Ridiculous to get in, super crowded and just a lot pretentious.  If you don't have an address in the Institute, you're just part of the hoi polloi.  There's plenty to do around the lake without making this your final destination.
Quite possibly my favorite place on the planet. I'll spare everyone the complete and unabridged history of the place but it is a beautiful place that is a center for learning, culture, and religion. A typical day could include grabbing coffee from the kiosk in bestor plaza, then going for a walk of the grounds and shopping at the farmers market at the gate. Maybe do little reading on one of the many porches then grab some lunch before going to see one of the numerous speakers. In the evening opportunities abound such as seeing a pops concert or the opera (my last one there was Tosca). In short this is a can't miss experience is you have the opportunity and the means (it's not cheap)
Lived here and grew up every year at Chautauqua and it was an incredible place to visit.  Waterskiing in the morning, lunch on the dock, head bag to the house by bike, stop by the Amphitheater and watch the ballet dances practing head to an art class, chill on hall of philosophy and listen to one of the worlds greatest minds, enjoy some ice cream in the party, head back back to the Amphitheater for a full production show  and then out for drinks with friends.. it doesn't get any better than this place for life.
Crowded!! Used to be a nice place - but something has changed. Also, it's no longer a Christian place. People  are pushy and rude Very, very sad.
No place on earth like this place! Arts, Education, Recreation and Religion with so much history that it is impossible to overstate the effect this place has had on the world for the past 137 years.  Their last birthday celebration had someone that had been coming there yearly for 94 years!  The place does have a Norman Rockwell-like feel to it- but in a good way. Expensive to stay here for the season- we estimated it would take $13,000 for rent and gate fees for a small family of 3 to stay there May-Sept.
You would never know by the outside walls of this place that it was this impressive. I visited here for my wife's friends wedding on July 4th and was just blown away at the scenery of this place and the surroundings. It resembles a college campus with sprawling hills of old victorian homes, mixed in with concert halls, dance halls, theatres and a small village all sitting on picturesque huge lake. There are sports areas, a small beach and everything looks like it is straight out of the 1800's. Just simply awesome and I was blown away at how much a community feel it had. It is so large in fact, you could not even see this whole place in one day. The wedding was at this spectacular old Antheneum which looked like it was a step back in time. If this place was not so far away, I would visit it more often. The events included ballet, theatre, opera, lectures, classes etc. You have to see this place to believe it!!
