I've been here several times already.  The food is consistently delicious! My favorite dish is the Braised Oxtail with the house noodles, I could probably eat it everyday.  The guacomole is excellent and same goes for Enchiladas.  Meals were presented well and the atmosphere was nice, but relaxed- not too uppity.  Service is a little slow -but the meal was worth it.
My husband and I went here last night,excited for a new dining experience. We were greeted graciously and enthusiastically by the hostess who could not have been nicer or more cordial.Decided to have a cocktail at the bar,thank goodness. Kevin and the bar back Nick were wonderful. Kevin made us two wonderful drinks, guided us on menu choices and helped us decide on a wine for dinner. Our meal was wonderful. I had the braised oxtail and my husband had shrimp tacos.  We also had an order of calamari which was very tender and flavorful.  You're probably wondering why I only gave a 3 star rating. Well our waiter was so uppity and impersonal that if we hadn't stopped at the bar first this would have been a horrible experience. He put a damper on what started out as a wonderful night. Luckily we did not need him to enjoy our wonderful meal. If we go back, which I think we will, we will ask for a different server, if he is assigned to us.
Went here for lunch. Very small menu, however everything was homemade, you could tell. I got the fish tacos. They were $12 for literally 2 small tacos. No sort of side, sour cream, salsa etc...nothing at all. Just 2 tacos. That was too much $$ for that, in my opinion. Also had the Guac and Chips and this was FANTASTIC. It was $6 and you get a pile of HOMEMADE spicy chips, with a small ramekin of guac. It was good, worth the $6. The ambiance is just like it was when it was Bamba. It's cozy and warm. But we were here on a hot summer day so the cozy and warm feeling was all wrong. I would save this place for a visit on a fall/winter day and not summer. It's too dark and very little natural light in there for a nice summer day. Also the patio wasn't open. Probably wont be back, but I wish them luck!
I'd have to say 3.5 stars and it was mostly related to service and cost. While our waiter was clearly inexperienced (Delivered food to the wrong table, never checked on us during the meal, took 10 minutes to bring the check with only 6 tables in the restaurant) our drinks ran long as well with 2 bartenders. The waiter also could not tell me the difference between traditional, verde and the mole sauce for the enchiladas, other than the color of course. That being said I have no complaints about the food, the enchiladas were good and the beans were AMAZING (slightly spicy but I prefer that). The tortillas were light and crispy and the meal was quite filling. There were many choices for tacos and we chose the chicken. When it arrived you could tell everything was fresh and it was delicious also. The only complaint was that it was the same price as the enchiladas and it was only for 2 tacos. While my enchiladas came with rice/beans and was filling, 12 dollars for 2 tacos seems a bit overpriced. Adding another taco or perhaps some chips and with salsa on the side. The ambiance was very nice and although it was not packed it was slightly echoing. Despite the echo's we did not have to shout to each other but we could hear most conversations. All said and done I would go back, especially once they expand their menu and if they add a 3rd taco I would make sure I try all 12 varieties
The most intriguing element about Ox and Stone would certainly be the decor.  There was a certain darkness and mystery about the bar area as you first walk in and the round archways and spidery architecture of the restaurant added a certain ambience reminiscent of an underground medieval tavern. That being said, I found the menu to be lacking in selection compared to other Mexican or Latin restaurants and was primarily focused on several varieties of tacos.  Unfortunately they were out of pig ears so we settled for what they claimed to be the most popular item on their menu... Fried crickets!  It was definitely my first time willfully eating an insect, but getting past the mental aspect I found it to be very flavorful---though I limited my consumption to just one cricket.  Additionally, their barbacoa sliders were excellent and their mussels good but forgettable.  There was a good variety of tacos, but I felt the price point was too high for just two with no additional sides.  The oxtail entree was quite delicious in sauce over a bed of egg noodles, though I would like to have seen more meat.  Drinks were well crafted but nothing amazing, short of a giant crystal bowl of sangria for four we shared for a mere $25.  I will definitely give this place another try in the near future, but not a place I plan on frequenting.
Went for drinks with some friends on a Friday night. Great atmosphere and excellent cocktails. Had the "Yankee leaper" and would certainly recommend it if you enjoy rum.
Wow... Was in Rochester for first time ..from Philadelphia.  Found this place on Yelp.  Wow wow wow .   Warm hand made tortilla chips, Duck Chile Relleno, crazy good drinks very cool setting.   Maybe one of best Mexican restaurants Ive ever been to ( ive traveled to mexico, multiple times).  Just simply great
This place was outstanding! I really look forward to going back and trying more of their menu and enjoying the outdoor seating. The drinks we got were so delicious, I highly recommend the sangria. The guacamole is so fresh and served with fluffy& crispy house made chips. We had 2 different kinds of tacos (carne Asada & chicken) and they were both amazing, Full of bold flavors and they definitely stuffed those tacos with lots of meat. I had the shrimp and mussels for my entree which I shared a picture of. there was an ample amount of shrimp and mussels for the price and the broth was just so scrumptious. I could have just had that smoked tomato broth by itself with an entire loaf of bread it was that good! They definitely did not skimp on the portions here. At the end of dinner we were surprised at how reasonable our bill was. The service was very prompt and even the owner came over and checked on us multiple times. What a great edition to the neighborhood, we can't wait to go back!
We had a private party at Ox and Stone on a Saturday night after stopping in several times for their excellent drinks.  The owner, bartenders, and wait staff were all extremely attentive to our needs and helped us have an amazing evening.  If you're looking for a place to hold a private event, stop in for a stiff evening drink, or try a new twist on latin food (no tex mex here), then I'd definitely suggest Ox and Stone.  Can't wait to return!
I tried this place for the first time this weekend, and it was great.  I had the pork empanadas to start, and I also tasted the pig ears and sopes.  All had really good flavor.  I had the pariheula for dinner, and it was delicious!  I tried a couple of the cocktails on the menu, and they were unique and tasty. It is loud in there, like some comments said, but I don't mind that.  It has a nice, dark and noisy atmosphere.  It would be a great place just to grab drinks as well. Not sure why everyone is so mad about the napkins -- if they were using the same ones for wiping the counters, I might care.  Actually, it works better than the cloth napkins most restaurants use. I hope this place stays around.  I want to try the rest of the menu!
You MUST order the chips and guac if you come here. I don't really even care for guac that much but you could serve cat food on these warm salty freshly made chips and it would taste delicious. I'd come here just for the chips alone, words can't do them justice. This place is certainly welcome, given the dump named Bomba Bistro that used to be here. It's definitely quirky; yes its mexican-ish but don't come here expecting authentic south of the border cuisine. My barbacoa tacos were small, but the meat was fall apart tender and perfectly seasoned, and I didn't have to pick gristle out of my teeth afterward. My better half ordered the enchiladas verdes and his plate was cleaned, although he lamented the fact that this was the 2nd time he had been here and they were out of the chapulines. Our awkward waiter had some silly excuse, that the crickets were on backorder from Louisiana? They have plenty of crickets right here in Rochester last time I checked, but anyway... The Sangria they have has an odd anise/licorice taste to it, and its overpriced, like most of the items on the menu. Even though this restaurant doesn't offer the best value, I think it is worth checking out. I'll be back for date nights, and other special occasions.
The oxtail croquettes were average. They were cooked right, but lacked overall flavor - especially of oxtail. The other ingredients were bland, and yet they still overpowered the oxtail. The romesco sauce was quite forgettable. The barbacoa tacos were very tasty with a nice balance of flavor and fat. The fresh made tortillas tasted great but didn't hold together well. The service was friendly and of average speed. The cheap dish towels as napkins are a turn-off - they suggest a restaurant that ran out of nice napkins and had to press their dish rags into service. Overall, three stars for being average (some highs and some lows) but overpriced. Based on what I experienced, I wouldn't pay $16 for enchiladas.
Wow really disappointed. Especially after all the good reviews. The first thing I notice as I scroll through pictures is this place lacks consistency. The one star is for the hostess. She was a very sweet and genuine girl who made you feel this experience would be fantastic. We came about 6pm on Sat. First Impression: I like the outdoor seating and the decor of the place. Not impressed with the "napkins" which were basically cheap wash cloths that most restaurants purchase for cleaning tables. The menus were dirty with food stains. All of these are minor but noticeable. Service: Like I stated above the hostess was awesome. Someone came and immediately poured us water. We said Thank you and he just walked away. This happened pretty much throughout the evening every time we said Thank you. Our server.....my god our server acted like he was serving a jail sentence. Never made eye contact and mumbled the specials. After we finished our meal he states "Can I get anything else?" . No personality at all. No "would you ladies like dessert tonight?..we have ...." . I asked do they have a dessert menu. He makes a big sigh and says "no but we have blah blah blah...I barely heard what he said since he was looking out the window when he said it." Food: $66 for something I could of made way better at home with my 4 yr old. I first ordered the Fried grouper plate. He comes back an states they are all out. Seriously? Its 6pm on a Sat. and you've already 86'd an item? Lame. So to start we get the oxtail croquettes and I get the fajitas and my mother got the enchiladas. Drinks: Pina Coladas..I was excited to try these based on the picture I saw here. HA! Our cups were filled with so much ice i'm pretty sure we got 2 oz of alcohol. No fruit but a sad little strawberry and mostly rum making for the brownish color. Oxtail Croquettes- Not enough sauce on plate. Not worth $8 for 2. Fajitas- I think I honestly could of got better fajitas almost anywhere. Braised short rib and roasted peppers. Homemade tortillas. I had absolutely no meat. If you look at one of the fajita pics then look at mine....I had about a pinky worth of meat. The rest was fat. The juices it was swimming in was super greasy. The tortillas were terrible. Dry and broke and soon as I folded them. Lacked any flavor and tasted of flour. Like a child was learning to make them. What I had of the meat had decent flavor. The rice was flavorless. For $21 they should be ashamed. My mothers enchiladas had the the same tortilla problem and lacked flavor. The meat was ok. The rest was bland. Conclusion: Not impressed at all and I will not return or recommend this place. I don't know how anyone considers this an upscale latin place. That is an insult to latin cuisine. The only thing upscale about this place is the menu arrangement. EXACTLY: eater.com/archives/2014/…
Amazing interior, one of the most stylish dining and bar areas in Rochester. Some tasty and fancy cocktails. The short rib fajitas were delicious. Very rich sauce and the homemade fresh corn tortillas are thick and tasty. We had the crickets, empanadas, sopes, and pig ears for appetizers. The crickets were interesting as a novelty, and tasted dry, crisp, nutty and a little grassy. All the appetizers were good, but the pig ears were absolutely outstanding. Crisp, savory, cuminy and citrusy, these were some of the best things I've eaten in a long time.
This is a gorgeous restaurant with a great ambiance. The only drawback is that it's a pretty loud which I think probably has something to do with the shape of the lovely ceilings. So be prepared to speak loudly to your companions. We started off with drinks and appetizers. I had the Little Pip cocktail, which was fine, but kinda just tasted like cucumber water. For food, we had guacamole with ham and the oxtail croquettes. The guac was fine, but not stellar, but the chips were awesome. I'd get the lowest priced guac just for the chips. The oxtail croquettes were totally not worth $8 for 2. They each had just one small piece of oxtail and the rest was potatoes and they weren't very flavorful. Onto dinner, I ordered the mahi mahi tacos and while they were decent, they definitely weren't worth $6 a piece. The homemade tortillas were good. My husband ordered the fajitas and was not impressed with the flavor or quantity of food for $21. I tasted the sauce and it was good, but you kind of expect a little more than 2 small pieces of meat and 1 small pepper. Our companions really enjoyed the Pisco Sour cocktail and braised oxtail. Service was fine though I wish it had been a bit more attentive.
I love Mexican food and this  is a high end Mexican restaurant. I reviewed the menu on-line and they had Yuca Fries, which are awesome so I dragged my boyfriend there. I really liked the food I had. Chimichurri Steak, which was cooked to my liking and the chimichurri had lots of garlic. I convinced the waitress to get me a side of yuca fries (they only came with a burger) they were delish. We ordered chicken soup for two and the kettle took the whole table which was kind of cool. The soup was really good except for some big and hard corns that I did not care for. This time the service was slow but i did not really care. I Can wait for a good steak! I made the mistake last Friday to tell my friends about it. However, they love places where the service is really attentive. Again, the service was slow. We ran out of drinks and the server took too long to come back. The margaritas were not the best. The chips were homemade and really good! We had 3 of those because the food took forever. I again ordered the chimichurri and it was fantastic. I had to share with the whole table because it was the best dish. The rest of my friends did not care for their meals. They had the fajitas and they said it was too fatty and the rice was not tasty. There were other dishes I dont even know what they were. This time they took the yuca fries off the menu which was my highlight before. So sad for me I am giving a 3 stars mainly for the slow and uncaring service. If the food is going to take forever at least keep my drink full. The decor is gorgeous but it is too loud. So if you want a quiet romantic night, this is NOT the place.
Very disappointed. Went for drinks and asked to sit at the empty table outside for 4. As we were waiting for the hostess to set us up, another group came and sat at the table. Rather than ask them to move, we were asked to just throw two other tables together. Except there were only 3 chairs. We asked for a fourth. I stood for nearly 10 minutes while our fourth chair went forgotten about. In that 10 minutes, no one came to ask us for a drink. One waiter dropped off a carafe of water with no glasses. After 10 minutes of standing and waiting, we left. Didn't even get a chance to try the food or drinks, which I'd heard were good. A tip: Make sure your tables have chairs.
Ok. So we decided to try this place for drinks. P.h.e.n.o.m.i.n.a.l. Alex was our bar tender and he rocks. We had a friend from Peru who made us Pisco Sours that were legitimate, but our Peruvian friend has nothing on Alex. We had the Pisco Sour, Blood and Sand, Hemingway (love the drink as much as I love the author), Margarita, and Caipirinha. SO good. We spoke with the owner who is super personable and excited about this place, and rightly so! Next time we're coming back for the food! Yum!
It isn't often that I roll up to a bar about 15 deep, but I appreciate it when they accommodate a large group as well as the Ox & Stone did. They allowed us to essentially commandeer their entire patio. The servers were more than helpful as they pushed tables together and pulled chairs from everywhere, and brought full water glasses for everyone. Of the many hospitable things they did though, the most hospitable thing was to allow us all to order drinks at our own pace from the bar, the waiter, whomever. It eliminated a lot of needless waiting and concerns about being on one check when some of us were entirely too drunk and a threat to ghost at any time. Instead of each staff member being concerned about individual tips, they all worked together to show us a good time, and we appreciated it. Thanks Ox & Stone. Also, thank you for the excellent guacamole, the eminently decent cocktails, the $4 beers, and the $25 punch bowls. The latter weren't quite as boozy as they could be, and the waiter sounded mistaken when he listed the ingredients,* but any time I get to drink out of a goblet is a good time. _____________ *Quinoa? I do not think this word means what you think it means.
We started with the oxtail croquettes and a salad. The croquettes (barely any oxtail) were mediocre at best... I wouldn't recommend them to anyone. Salad was made with Boston Bibb Lettuce. Good flavor, but it would have been better if they had bothered to cut each lettuce leaf into smaller pieces. It seemed like they literally pulled each layer off the head of lettuce and put it directly on the plate! Tacos here are pretty pricey and need more salt/spices. The meat on one of the Asada tacos was cooked very rare. I like rare, but c'mon... it's impossible to eat a taco with such a large piece of rare meat in it without ending up with a handful of tortilla. I ordered my burger medium, and it came out medium-well. Yucca chips were good. Service was very good. Wonderful environment here. Beautiful castle-like interior. No detail was missed -- the bathrooms are equally as well done up. Lunch is served until 6pm here so come later for the dinner menu!
We had a great first experience there. The ambiance is fantastic... I felt like I stepped back in time to a rustic castle. Just what Rochester needs. The menu was out-of-the-ordinary as well. The service was a bit slow, but we saw him running all over the place, and we suspect that our server was covering more than just his section, and they are new, so the slow service is forgiven. We ordered chips and guacamole for an appetizer. It was fantastic. Obviously homemade. The chips were thick, hot, and lovely. The guac was fresh and flavorful. Spot on. And definitely different from the traditional style tortilla chips at most Latin restaurants. I ordered the Mahi Mahi Tacos (since the server said the Mahi Mahi was wild caught = yay!), and they were delicious. $12 for two tacos with no sides. I see why some people are put off by that, but they were very high quality so I didn't really mind... Hubby had the Dorado (Mahi Mahi, rub, arroz con crema) and it was cooked perfectly. We wished there was more of the delicious garnish on the plate, but it was still very good and we'd order it again. Hubby had a plain old rum & coke, and it was fine. I ordered one of their fancy cocktails - a sangria - and it was nice. Didn't taste like there was any alcohol in it, but I'm sure there was. And overall, we had a nice dinner in an elegant setting, with cocktails, appetizer, and two meals... And still got out of there for $50. So... The prices are fine. They have their own parking lot, which was great. There are no parking lights, so it was super dark when we got out. I definitely recommend it for dinner. It was quite loud in there, so maybe it'd be better with a smaller group; I'm sure in a large group you won't be able to hear each other. We will wait a little bit for them to get the kinks out of their service, but we will definitely be back. Stoked that Rochester has an offering like this!
I love freshly made tortillas! I love them so much that I am willing to pay $12 for two tacos. I had pork belly tacos here that were to die for though they are not on the regular menu (too bad). My friends and I were less adventurous so we got the crispy pig ear and skipped the crickets. They were fried perfectly crisp and came with a fantastic sauce. The chicken tinga tacos were also very nice and came with a red sauce that was very tasty. Have the punch bowl... You will not regret it. Pick your liquor and sweetness preference and you are good to go.
The look of the place is so cool. It looks like a mini castle. Gotta give it up to the Roc, they have some very cool buildings around. The drinks were great. Sure, the bartenders take their time making them, but I'll wait an extra few minutes for a good cocktail any day of the week. The main reason for 3 stars? The food. Yikes. Since it was after 10, our crew was forced to use the late night menu. With few options, we scooped up some chicken empanadas and an order of guac n chips. With the empanadas, it looked like their wasn't really dough. I really thought I was just eating a piece of fried chicken. Real heavy and not good. On to the chips (fried slices of pita) and guacamole. Well, the guac wasn't homemade, which is kinda lame. How do I know this? My bud had a large piece of plastic in his mouth after taking a bite of some. The kind of plastic that comes from a tub of guac. So, please Ox, don't put store bought shit into a mason jar and charge $6-10 for it. And if you do, at least hide the evidence. End result... come for the drinks and cool atmosphere. Eat somewhere else.
The housemade chips are awesome! Try the cod tacos and the calamari. The drinks are reasonable and made well. I will definitely be going back.
Went there with local friends who had never been before. Had the grilled fish tacos and the sangria. As well as the crickets! Wow. The place is beautiful!!  If you're not going for the food, at least check it out for the architecture and have the sangria. The tacos were great and I added the cream sauce from the fried fish taco to shake things up a little. The crickets....well....I've never had them before and probably never will again, unless the apocalypse happens. Lol. They were good. Tasted kind of nutty. They were served with a smokey, spicy dipping sauce on a bed of lettuce. If you're culinarily adventurous, go for it.   The sangria!! Wow. They put absinthe in it! Need I say more? I think not. Overall, a unique and beautiful place with great service, good food, old world atmosphere, and a damn good cocktail. Go!
After a night of bar hopping with a few friends, one was craving for delicious gourmet food and wanted to go to one particular bar/restaurant but the kitchen there was closed as it was well after midnight on Sunday night. Ha. But the bartender recommended Ox and Stone. We took his word for it as he offered us free shots to apologize for having closed their kitchen early. Drove over to Alexander and I remembered this building. I think it used to be some other awesome bar 10 something years ago and it's still right across the street from The Old Toad Pub. But I am very glad they kept the building! The interiors are amazing with dimmed lighting at the entrance lounge and front bar. Very modern and romantic south-western kind of feeling. I can't explain it, go see it for yourself at night! The kitchen was still open!!! Yay!!!! We sat at the front bar, ordered guac and chips and our hungry friend ordered a burger.  The chef brought out the food and introduced himself. Everything was delicious. Pricing is perfect. I hope they stick around for a long time as it is a known fact that several bars and restaurants have come and gone on East/Alexander more than we can count. Oh yeah, the bathrooms are gorgeous!! I had to take a couple of selfies in there.... yah I was drunk, but gosh, GORGEOUS bathroom!! Right when I left, the bartender told me to wait and came back with a pretty rose to give me! I was flattered for having been wooed! Go check out Ox & Stone!!
I haven't eaten here yet so this review is just of the bar experience on a weekend.  I enjoyed my drink, reasonably priced compared to other craft cocktail bars, so no issue there.  The one issue I did have was that the music is so loud.  I expect that at a sports bar or college bar (like Dragonfly) but at a place that appears to be selling itself to a more upscale crowd, I should not have to scream to talk to someone and leave with my head ringing.
We went there for drinks only. Service was spotty, no one took our drink order. When we got tired of waiting, we  ordered at the bar. I normally would consider this a bigger deal, but the place is just recently open, and it may change. My friends ordered mostly beers, but the two drinks we ordered were either OK (the mojito) or a disappointment (the piña colada). The piña colada wasn't bad, but honestly it needed more piña and more coconut, it was really boozy and served on a large cup, so those were pluses. I would probably not order that again though. I want to go again and try their food, but it probably will be a while, since their service was so spotty.
Half star ratings would be great right now.  I would give Ox and Stone a 3.5 because the food was better than just OK, but there was something short of me becoming a regular here.  I am rounding up because it was good enough that I would go again for the ambiance and to try other dishes.  Also, there's a private parking lot, which is great considering it's in the Alexander/East Ave area. I felt like I was on the set of the 90s movie, The Mask of Zorro.  I was wooed by the warm, earthy, gold and brown tones, curves of the Spanish-style archways, the elegant gold frames outlined against the stucco walls, and the wrought-iron wall as an embellishment.  Add the dim lighting, candles on the tables, Spanish music in the air, a few booths and it becomes a perfect spot for a romantic, intimate dinner.  This is just the downstairs.  I didn't get a chance to be swept off of my feet by the upstairs, yet. Looks isn't everything.  We walked in to find a good group at the bar and the bartender attending to his customers.  We stood for a few minutes looking around because we didn't see a host or waiters.  Eventually, we were hastily greeted and seated and he disappeared before I could ask about the lunch menu he left behind.  Apparently dinner started at 6pm, we had 10 mins left of lunch, but weren't asked which we preferred.           Our waiter dropped off a bottle of water at our table and didn't fill our glasses.  That was the first time I've experienced that.  No biggie.  My arms work, but for the image portrayed and the pricing, I was expecting him to fill my glass during the greeting.  He brought the dinner menu and I was glad that I asked because the lunch options (tacos) are on the dinner menu as well.  He did mention that it was only day two of their full dinner menu.  As the night went on, it started to get better. Based on my tastebuds that night, the server recommended pisco sour.  He even offered to buy it if I didn't like it, but no need.  It was a great choice.  It tasted like a margarita, but lighter and delightfully refreshing.  I enjoyed the texture and temperature combination of the cool drink and a taste of the room temperature froth with each sip.  It was not overbearing with liquor or lime. I wasn't that impressed with the entree selections.  The dishes ranged from $12-$30 and I wasn't enticed to pay over $20 for a dish with rice and beans.  After skipping over half the menu of various tacos, left with only two or three entrees that sounded interesting.  I was more excited about the starters - pig ears and critters.   We were feeling adventurous and started with chapulines, fried grasshoppers.  The bites were surprisingly light.  The small critters (about 1/2" in length) were suntanning on a bed of garnish and seasoned with salt, pepper and a hint of lime.  The airy, light crunch texture reminded me of excess pieces of fried chicken crumbs or panko shavings.   The savory sauce had a hint of what tasted like peanut butter, and it was a thinner hummus texture. I didn't know what to expect since I've never had a Spanish noodle dish, but the braised oxtail entree was tasty.  The imperfections of the wavy, slightly flattened spaghett-like noodles leads me to believe that they are made fresh.  It complimented the tender pulled oxtail meat and had a savory, hearty bbq flavor with a nice garnish of cilantro.  At the top of the mound was a poached egg.  I would have preferred two eggs so that I could drizzle the yolk over more of the dish.  The portion is less than what I'm used to for a pasta dish because I usually have to take it home, but the amount was satisfying and I wasn't uncomfortably stuffed.   I had a taste of the tacos, one cod and the other shrimp.  The dish came with two, but they let my friend mix and match.  I favored the flaky cod over the shrimp.  They were both topped with a coleslaw and wrapped up with a traditional taco which is softly dense and grainy, and based on texture, probably corn tortilla.  I didn't try enough of it to know if the slaws were different. I like the atmosphere and would go back again to try other dishes, but probably more so to mellow out from a long work day and enjoy a drink.
We stopped by Ox and Stone when they were previewing part of their menu (but had the whole bar open). They still had sit down service, so we stopped in and were very impressed. This is easily the best new Rochester restaurant since the Revelry opened. The inside of the building is absolutely stunning. It is beautifully arranged, there is plenty of space between each table and the decor is very fitting of the Latin American theme of the place. Each table has a small centerpiece that is classy but not overwhelmingly large such that it gets in the way. The tables and chairs were comfortable and fit in perfectly with the milieu of the place. The service throughout the entire meal was unquestionably excellent (though it was very quiet in the place given it wasn't "fully" open at the time). The server we had was very attentive and wasn't overly overbearing. The staff was also quite attractive, but was very appropriately dressed.  The bar staff was also pretty prompt in getting our drinks (which were delicious). We started off with a mojito, perfectly minty, and the Hemmingway, which was a perfect mild summer fruit-based cocktail. At $9 for a drink, I think the price was very comparable to other fine dining establishments in the city. The wine list was small, but fitting with the menu. All the wines were from either the Iberian Peninsula or Argentina/Chile. The beer selection was equally fitting, though also included some New York beers (Ommegang, Brooklyn Brewery, Genny Cream). We started with the guacamole which came with some fried tortilla shells. This dish was sublime. The shells were amazing, coated with a delicious spice and perfectly cooked. The guacamole was a perfect fit, clearly fresh without an overwhelming amount of spice. It was the perfect start to a meal. When then had the mahi mahi tacos and the carne asada tacos for dinner. Both meats were perfectly prepared with a stunning amount of flavor and filler was ideal accompaniment. The shells were fresh prepared and right up there with some of the best Tex-Mex places I've been to in the Southwest. Overall, an exceptional eatery that is a welcome addition to the Rochester restaurant scene. This place is a must visit. I can't wait to go back with a full menu.
Fun place with nice ambiance. The food was delicious and reasonably priced. The cocktails were a little pricey, but they were nicely sized and unique. The only complaint was the amount of guacamole served was a little too small--we had a ton of chips (which were delicious) but a very small amount of guacamole.
Stopped by with friends for a late dinner/drinks. I didn't know they were still previewing parts of their menu, so I was really sad that I didn't get to try their oxtail dish! Love the decor and bonus points for their own parking lot! It has an intimate, sexy/romantic ambience with music that makes you want to salsa/tango. I started off with their pensacola spritz (I love gin!) and it was delicious! My friend was brave enough to try their crickets while I ordered the empanadas. The crickets were surprisingly good if you can get past seeing their small bodies and legs. The empanadas were pretty good with the sauce. We both ordered the tacos (carne asada and seafood). My carne asada tacos left something to be desired. Coming from San Diego, I have a high bar for tacos and unfortunately, these tacos didn't make it, especially for the price (2 for $12)! The corn tortilla and the carne asada filling were just so so and while it wasn't bad, I wasn't impressed. Our waiter was very attentive and service was great! Coming back to try their pisco sour and oxtail dish.
This place is great! Not to mention, absolutely beautiful inside! Went in for a late night drink with friends and ordered off the late night menu. Drinks are strong and exotic! Very different style, and I like it. I ordered my very favorite cocktail - a piña colada! Hard to find, this one is on the rocks and at first I was disappointed by it, but it was delicious! Manny ordered a sangria, which was very strong! Has Brandy in it which is probably why I think that. We ordered pork empanadas which were authentically made different. There was no empanda dough involved, but smashed plantains instead - manny loved it! ( I just can't get Into the taste of plantains) Two bars and a dining room - very clean and Spanish architecture and decor - just beautiful in every way. Great crowd, not crowded with friendly staff, friendly environment and great menu!
I was very unhappy with my meal.  The empanadas were marginal.  The carne asada tacos were very gamey. So much so that I couldn't even finish the first bite. The chips were good and the people were very nice that worked there....but unfortunately I will not return as my husband didn't even like the shrimp tacos.
Steak was cooked to perfection. Guacamole was awesome. Fish tacos were really good. Great service and ambiance. Drinks were yummy but could have been larger. A great addition to the East End. A good date place.
Met some friends here for drinks only around 9-something on a Saturday. The decor is really pretty and very cool. I loved being in there. That said, the patio is kind of strange (roped off part of the parking lot) and the space is huge, so it feels big and empty even though there were a fair number of people there. Four of us ordered the custom punch bowl ($25). We got to choose our liquor (tequila), and they made a really good punch with mint, grapefruit, strawberries, and maybe a lil white wine? It came in a huge decorated metal bowl with matching little goblet glasses that basically made us feel like royalty. The punch was strong, delicious, and seemingly never-ending. Looking over the menu, it has some interesting stuff on there. They have crickets (which they keep fresh apparently), crispy pigs ears, and a lot of Ox. A table of diners we knew said the ox tail tacos and entree were both excellent. Definitely worth trying out if you're feeling adventurous. Otherwise, I'd stick to drinks, which I'll definitely be back for!
