I'm so grateful for a restaurant like Chen Garden in Rochester!! I'm from Los Angeles, and was really missing good Chinese food, and Chen Garden is pretty damn good! They'll even make dishes not on the menu. I suggest getting the pecking duck! But beware, it takes 30 minutes to make, so if you don't mind the wait, the food is well worth it! My only complaint is that the restaurant is always SO DARK and dimly lit... can we turn on some lights so i can see my food please??
The Good: I usually prefer more authentic Chinese, but when I want something downright Americanized this is my go-to place The Bad: The menu is huge and I've made some mistakes ordering things I don't think the chef had ever made before...at least it tasted that way. Times Gone: 8 I Usually Order: Moo-Shi Pork
I've been here a few times now and have to agree with the previous reviews. They're really inconsistent with both their food and their service. They have a pretty broad menu, and prices are pretty decent as well.  The restaurant itself is perfect for a date night, low lighting and whatnot. The big round booths give a feeling of privacy as well. I've heard a rumor that this used to be a strip club way back when, could never find confirmation though. This past visit was the worst, it wasn't horrible, but I have had better here. I got here, and was seated right away and was brought tea and the crunchy noodles while I waited for a friend. He got there, and our server came over and took our order. We were never offered any sort of drinks though. The food was alright, not as good as previous times though. I got the pad Thai, and they kind of overdid it on the peanut topping. Definitely asking for it without next time. Not once did our server come over to see how we were doing, and she was close to impossible to find when we wanted our bill. If it was super busy, I would've understood, but it was a pretty slow night. Places do have off nights though, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. They are the only place around here that I know of that has the flaming volcano drinks, so there's that.
As I said before this restaurant needs to improve on their consistency of food quality. I've been here twice in one month and the second time here does not compare AT ALL. Service is horrible, food is disgusting, and in result our experience was not enjoyable. Dinner time comes and Chen Garden is always filled, but we don't know why. Food is always average and as a fellow asian totally non-authentic to real Chinese food. I ordered a piña colada the other day and my waiter yelled out to a women passing our table and I was unsure about the order and if the waiter got it or not. 15 minutes later and even our plates came out and still nothing about my piña colada. So I stood up and walked to the bar and ordered it myself. Once I got it, it was pretty, wait no sugar coating it, VERY sweet. I took it to the bar and ordered a new one and long story short the bartender looked pretty pissed at me and forgot an ingredient and added lots of water because it wouldn't come out of the blender. We cancelled my order. While all of this was happening our waiters attitude throughout the night epically declined and in the end became very irritable. We asked for more water and instead he slammed the pitcher of water on our table. NEVER coming again. Chen Garden, I heard you were the place to go if ever craving Chinese, while if you are ever craving to go out to dinner AT ALL never come to Chen Garden. PS this place has three wifis connected to the restaurant. THREE. And none are open to the customers. WHAT??
Upon entering, my boyfriend asked if it was a strip club. The double doors are all metal and painted black on the inside. It definitely seems like you might be entering a strip club. It's kind of strange. The restaurant itself once you're inside has a nice ambiance. Some reviews I read stated that it was too loud but we didn't think it was too loud at all. All the tables around us were filled and the noise level was pretty low but we were there for lunch on a Saturday. Maybe the dinner crowd is rowdier. The menu is huge! We ordered the flaming volcano drink that everyone seems to be talking about. It's kind of fun to share a drink for two and it was noticeably alcoholic but I felt that it was missing something. There was no depth of flavor. To start, we had the crab Rangoon which were good. We then had wonton soup and an egg roll. They both were just ok. I've had better at other places. The entrées we had were the all white meat sesame chicken and beef with broccoli in garlic sauce both accompanied by fried rice. We enjoyed them both. Lunch is definitely the way to go as it comes with crunchy noodles, tea, and soup plus your entree with choice of rice. All this for around $7 per dish. Our server although kind of cold in demeanor did well by us. Everything came in a timely fashion and she checked in on us regularly. We had so much food along with the flaming volcano drink for two and our bill came to something like $33. We'll definitely return and try something else on their insanely huge menu.
Chen Garden used to be THE Chinese food place to go in Rochester.  Back in the early 2000s I was recommended it by a friend from Taiwan saying how authentic the food was and so we would regularly go at least once a month for over a year.  They were able to serve large parties well, their food had this different flavor profile than your standard American fare, and everything was just always fantastic and brimming with tastiness.   Today, most of that is actually still true, but they are unfortunately starting to dip in several areas they previously excelled in.  The first area is probably with their menu - with the increase in Asian options around Rochester across all different Asian cuisines (Korean, Thai, Chinese, Japanese, etc.), they've actually made their already large menu even larger which is probably stretching them a bit thin.  I've definitely noticed a drop in sauce quality / consistency that absolutely takes away from the experience as they're gradually becoming more and more Americanized. The next area that's become troublesome is ordering take out from them.  It's simply just not worth it anymore.  Around the holiday season at the end of last year, a bunch of friends and I ordered meals for each of us, and it took them *over 2 1/2 hours* to get our order ready for us.  Preference was absolutely given to the customers in the restaurant and we were left hungry in the cold, with Chen Garden's staff having forgotten we placed the order, or at least constantly putting us at the bottom of their ticket list. The food has simply lost its charm.  Whether it's because so many years have passed, new staff, or the team getting overly comfortable from their renowned former fame, it's now just become an OK Chinese restaurant in town. I would definitely say the food is still better than your standard American Chinese restaurants, but it's getting closer and closer to that level everyday.
I've come here for dinner twice with one of my friends--I think this is his family's go-to upscale Chinese restaurant. The first impression you get is that it's *dark*: if you're coming in from daylight, it takes a few seconds for your eyes to adjust. The ambience overall is somewhere between "upscale" and "romantic", although this is by no means just a date-night place. The food seems to be pretty standard American-Chinese-restaurant fare, if a little less greasy than average. I got the Moo Shi Pork last time I came and the "pancakes" they served with it were thin but strangely chewy and filling. Usually when I get them from a counter-service Chinese restaurant they're nothing more than a flat, brittle slab of dough; these weren't much thicker but they seemed more substantial somehow. The portion wasn't quite as big as it would have been at a counter-service place, and it seemed to have a lower proportion of pork, but the lower greasiness was definitely a plus. My only complaint (other than possibly the value) is that last time I came here we waited at least forty-five minutes for our food to come out, during which time we didn't see our waiter at all. They bring you crispy noodles and some sauces to munch on while you're waiting for your entrée, but that length of time is still excessive. The place didn't seem so busy as to justify that kind of wait so I don't know what was up. I realize that shit happens, though, and so I'm sure I'll give this place another chance the next time I'm in the mood for Chinese food but also a sit-down dinner.
This is a great spot for some real authentic Chinese food. The food has so much flavors and high quality ingredients, you can easily tell when you compare to your regular take out spot. Good service, but always busy....make sure you call Ahead if you ever want to sit down and eat there! I love the little crispy things they serve once you sit down , with duck sauce and hot mustard - so good! I ordered the mango chicken  my first time and I LOVED IT! The egg rolls are ok, not the best but you have to have them with your meal, it wouldn't be right without one lol The second time I went, I ordered the hunan chicken. it was nice and crispy with dark red sauce but surprisingly did not have that muchflavor. Very unique spot, nothing else quite like it. Definitely a must try if you like Chinese food.
This place is pretty famous for its authenticity but when it comes to service there is plenty of room for improvement. I have been let down by the service every single time I have been there. Especially if you need a little help ordering your food, the staff never makes any real effort to explain anything. That being said, their food is usually better than most Chinese places in the city. I just hope they hire more enthusiastic people who want to help discerning diners make a more informed choice.
From a Chinese person's perspective,  food was ok. Lots of variety though. Tables were so tightly packed so no one could pass without the possibly of waiters dropping something on you. Not really good for large groups. No change tables, but high chairs were available. Loud in there so at least kids could be loud.
After several takeout experiences with Chen Garden in the last year, I can safely say they are slipping. Outside of their Chinese New Year menu (which is still outstanding), the majority of other dishes I have ordered have been only okay. My food is starting to resemble the typical American Chinese delivery places - more grease, less flavour. They are resting on their laurels and it is making me want to move on. They are still better than cheap takeout Chinese (a lot of people I know love their version of their Sesame Chicken more than any other place in Rochester but alas, I do not like that dish in general) but I don't know if they will sustain that for much longer.
I really must of come here on an off night because the service was a complete shit show! We waited a good half hour for just one of our entrees to come out, which ended up being Szechwan pork when I ordered chicken. They took it back then they brought out ONE steamed shrimp roll (which I ordered as my starter lol). 10 minutes later they then brought out the second steamed shrimp roll with my corrected order. 10-15 minutes after that they remembered to bring out my friends entree, tofu w/ mixed vegetables (which he ordered at the beginning when I was still trying to get a grasp of their gigantic menu). To top it off, they charged us for the wrong order of the pork along with the chicken. After a little deliberation, they fixed it. Ugh.... The food was pretty good though. I probably would of enjoyed it more if it came out how it was supposed to and at the right times. It was also served piping hot, like so hot that our waiter was yelping "hot hot" almost burning himself as he quickly set them down! My friend loved their wonton soup and really enjoyed the tofu once he finally got it. My Szechwan chicken was tasty but I prefer my meal not to be in a pool of sauce. I had a really hard time deciding on 2 or 3 stars....the struggle is real.
One of my family's favorite Chinese restaurants. I really give it a 4.5! 5 stars for food and whatever for the rest...although sometimes with food places the more a pain they are the more memorable just like other things in life. Read on for the pain... I can recommend the Hunan Shrimp or Chicken as I switch between both. Other family members get the Chicken & Broccoli, Beef & Broccoli and General Tso Chicken. We usually order Egg Rolls which are nice & crispy! All white rice for us which is great, you are on your own with the fried rice which I am sure is good. Wait I did try it once and it was pretty good, not overly saturated. Price: Not cheap, a little above average compared to similar Chinese restaurants. It is worth it though Takeout: 20-30 min wait usually, trust me Pain: parking is horrible so you are warned. *Aside: Alternatives are parking at the liquor store which always seems to have parking. I have given this place more business than I have intended just for this reason. Plus buying booze is fun for me! End of Aside* Greater pain: New Year's Eve. I went there this past year having done it the previous year when it was an hour wait and was told it would be an hour. I got there right at an hour and it was a mob scene. Longest takeout line I have ever seen and I myself waited inside another hour, so 2 hrs for Chinese takeout, not bad! The owner did offer a drink to everyone waiting and I was the only one to take him up on his offer, everyone else was just miserable, it was New Year's Eve after all!
I'm going to have to return. I attended an unofficial yelp event for Chinese New Year. I have to admit that I have a general bias about eating bony food. I think I was traumatized as a child (fish bones, neck bones, pigs feet). This adventure contained lots of peppers and bones. I'm glad I branched out, I highly recommend the festive menu if you are a person who would enjoy the heat and the bones.
I don't love Chinese food, Thai kind of ruined it for me. I could eat Thai every day. Some things on Chen's menu are really quite nice. I really liked the scallion pancakes and the pork dumplings. The truth is (and my inner foodie hates to admit this but), I love General Tso's chicken. There's is good, the consistency is right, though it's not spicy enough. Once I've had a few more things, I'll do an updated review.
What's good food like you doing in a place like this? I agree with Keri C. re: sketchy and dark. I agree with Drew S. re: lack of warm and friendly service.  (Speaking of warmth, there is no heat in the men's room, FYI). But you're here to eat, yes? In that regard, order up. I lived in NYC for a few years and this place reminded me of the types of kinky little joints you'd discover in the city. Enjoy.   P.S. Bring a flashlight.
I've eaten there twice now, and some things are very good and others downright weird.  Moo Shi veggies are very good; smokey and crips.  Orange flavor beef was very dissapointing.  As opposed to most places I've had this, here it was very thick slabs of beef in a kind of sweet not crispy coating, soaking in a gravy.  I'm used to it being small pieces, nicely fried, and fairly 'dry'.  This was unusual (thick, not crisp, very wet) and very unappetizing.
Not bad. Given how dark it is, seems more like a bar than a Chinese restaurant. The is sauce heavy. Definitely more geared toward American tastes than Chinese.
Thanks to Yelp, I've had this place bookmarked for over a year. Upon entering the parking lot of Chen garden, I thought, "This looks a little sketchy." We took a leap of faith and walked into the small dark entrance and were pointed in the direction of the hostess who asked my husband if we had made reservations. Of course we hadn't and it didn't look necessary, as there were several empty tables. He asked her if reservations were required and she explained that they sometimes get busy, then whisked us off to a booth. The waiter brought over water and tea and gave us sufficient time to choose from the gigantic menu. The complimentary tea was a nice touch and my husband enjoyed this very much. All plates were served family style. We ordered shrimp fried rice, which was large and plentiful. My husband got sesame chicken, fried spring rolls and I chose sweet and sour shrimp. The food was served in record time. It came out about ten minutes after we ordered.  Everything was warm and my husband complimented the freshness of the chicken. I wasn't sold on the spring roll or the sweet and sour shrimp. The rice was okay and if going to Chen Garden, I would probably order this dish again with a different accompanying dish. Overall, the place was okay, but I wouldn't say it was amazing. We were a little put off by the reservation conversation, initially. The meal itself was fair and only totaled about $37.00 for everything that was ordered.  As mentioned in several other reviews, I've been on the hunt for a decent Chinese restaurant for almost two years now and the quest continues. Is this the best that Rochester has to offer?
Love you Scott and Sam. True legends in the Rochester dining scene. Been going To these guys spot since they had the dragon palace across from Pittsford plaza. Great place for dinner and to chug volcano bowls, and a great place for Sundays when you may have chugged to many the night before. Shredded chicken with smoked tofu is a dark horse dish, peeking duck is BOMB, just go. The menu is big so please try something other than sesame chicken or general tso. BTW does any one ever wonder who general tso was, and how he got on every Chinese menu in America?? Well General Tso real name was Tso Tsung-t'ang and was a Qing Dynasty military leader who suppressed the 1862-1877 Dungan Revolt. Apparently he was a big fan of sweet and spicy corn starch covered chicken. And now you know, the rest of the story!
The menu at Chen Garden is vast and beautiful and I dare you to look through it without drooling. If anything, the food is even better on the plate than the meticulously photographed dishes.   From the impeccably cooked comfort food entrees (moo shi, chow mein) to the more exotic (duck with 8 treasure, frog legs) to the Chinese New Year special menu that overpacks the place for a week every year, you're sure to find something memorable. Don't skip over the extensive soup menu; it runs the gamut from simple, well-prepared standards (egg drop,  won ton) to inventive "for two" soups like crab meat with sweet corn or shrimp with crispy rice.   A broad range of appetizers is available to tempt you, too. What's on the menu is terrific, but seasonal specials like beef tendon and soft shell crab are well worth a try. Ask! The menu doesn't stop before the bar, either - a full range of beautifully designed cocktails (my favorite? the "Oh Yeah!") complements the well-stocked array of beers, wines and traditional mixed drinks. The cozy atmosphere makes Chen Garden a great place to bring a group of friends (or inspire restaurant envy in groups of visiting relatives.) Recommended? Mango shrimp; salt & pepper shrimp with the shell on (yes really!); tofu with spinach; seasonal chinese vegetables sautéed with garlic;  beef brisket with dictyophora indusiata in clay pot (and pretty much anything cooked with this delicate and nutritious mushroom.) Just go. You won't regret it!
I have three Chinese restaurants that I order from when I am not in the mood for cooking, this is one of them. The interior is dark, but the table setting is more formal than my other go-to places, also the prices are a little bit higher. But what they more than make up for quality of dishes. Their menu is huge, and contains many dishes that aren't common on the usual Chinese restaurants in America. I like to go there when I want something new, not the usual stuff, and order to go food. Following Naz B.'s advice, I ordered the hot and spicy chicken wings, and I was sold! They are delicious, and not very spicy. I would have been perfectly happy with those wings and a side or rice. I also recommend going for the Chinese New Year's feast, we went this year and it was a blast! The fish was amazing, too bad they don't have it in their normal menu. About the service, it can be iffy sometimes, but I usually order take out and eat it at home
3.8 stars. Walked in, it's dark!  But the setup is very clean, polished, almost upscaled looking for a non-upscale priced menu.  Happy already. Had general tso/tsang/john chicken.  Fried yummy, hit the spot at the moment (but not when you take it home, unfortunately).  Had some sort of sliced spicy chicken with daikon, carrots stir fry.  Wish I was better with names.  Also had wonton soup (okay).  The meat inside the wonton was more thoughtfully prepared than Chopsticks and Yummy Pot (see other reviews), good for them, good for me.  Fried rice needed some work.  Maybe they can not overfry, over soysauce it.  Tasted like crispy salt. For coming in at 9pm, service was prompt.  The servers were a mix of chinese/vietnamese/thai, so that made things a little comforting in terms of confidence of choosing foods.  Makes me less wary about ordering Thai food from a Chinese restaurant. Also thoroughly enjoyed the sauces they brought out.  Hot sauce, chili peppers, soy sauces, vinegars.  Always makes mediocre food a little less mediocre.
Lunar New Year brings the "Special Menu" to Chen and man o' man is it worth braving the crowds for! (1) make reservations, (2) take friends, (3) only use the special menu, and order things that you have never had before or have not had in years, (4) share, (5) allow gluttony to be acceptable for this meal at least. (6) it would be wise to be a little hungry when you arrive and do not rush. Celebrate and savor! Happy New Year!
We have been searching and searching for a good place to get takeout/delivery Chinese food because lately we've been getting a variety of sort of unsatisfying chinese food from our old go-to places. Today we got delivery from Chen Garden and I was pretty pleased. I'm told it's even better to eat-in there and that the food fresh is pretty great, but I haven't had the opportunity to eat at the actual restaurant yet. We ordered a whole bunch of food for a group today. I personally tried the Schezwan Chicken, Sesame Chicken, and Pork Lo Mein. All were good. I generally like a little more heat in my Schezwan, but it was flavorful nonetheless (and I realize that people differ on desire for heat, so places typically err on the side of defaulting to less heat and allowing people to season their own food). The veggies were really nicely cooked and the proteins were plentiful--in my opinion the last few times I've gotten Chinese or Thai takeout I've been shorted proteins (i.e. You get 7 pieces of chicken in your chicken w/ garlic sauce and the rest is all veggies and sauce). Not so at Chen Garden. The two chicken dishes were packed with chicken and the lo mein had lots of finely cut pork. I found it very satisfying. Some cool "extras" I noted with this particular delivery included (1) lots of plastic utensils and napkins, (2) two varieties of tea in tea bags--I've never had Chinese delivery come with tea, (3) multiple packs of deep fried crispy noodles with duck sauce for dipping, (4) lots of sauces--not just the standard soy and duck sauce, and (5) fortune cookies (yay!). These extras were all included in our delivery without us asking for them which was really nice. When I ordered the food I asked to pay with credit card. I'm used to the credit card number exchange being a sort of tedious process and having to repeat the number several times before it goes through over the phone, but they said that the delivery guy would have card swiper. Sure enough he showed up within the projected "1-hour" with the card swiper attachment on his smartphone. The transaction was smooth. I'm looking forward to eating at the restaurant in the future and Chen Garden is now my default Chinese takeout/delivery place. Very pleased.
I went to Chen Garden for a bite to eat with some girlfriends during lunch.  The dining room was busy but we were seated right away.  They had plenty of vegetarian options, I opted for the Lemongrass Tofu which was delicious and spicy just hot I had asked for it.  Our meals came very quickly, which was perfect for working girls on the go.  It's dark and almost has an underground mafia hangout vibe to it, a la The Sopranos, but I kind of enjoyed that aspect of Chen Garden.  I will absolutely be going back.  Soon.
The Thai Panang w/ chicken was really delicious and had great flavor. I mixed my fried rice on with coconut milk and curry if you want to be able to eat it all with a fork or chopsticks. My dad ordered the brisket with noodle soup but it was very bland even though he ordered it spicy and the noodles seemed a little under cooked. On a good note he said their egg drop soup was the best he's ever had (he loves egg drop and orders it every time we get chinese food).
My boyfriend and I chose to get take-out from here last minute, 20 minutes before they closed and we were pleasantly surprised! The service (although we just got take out) was really great; they were quick and attentive. Also, the food was reasonably priced. We got large portions, Chinese noodles, lots of fortune cookies and they even gave us some green tea! It was an added touch that really stood out. This place seemed authentic and I felt comfortable inside. It was a very unexpected interior; the location and the outside do not serve this place justice. I would go back again for sit down service. The only minor complaint I have is our fried rice tasted "off," it seemed undercooked, or missing something, but still edible. Everything else was great.
Nope. I can't give it one star because it was better than that, but I can't give it three stars because it wasn't good enough. So I land at 2 stars for "Chinese food in emergencies only." Now you look at this review and say, "Pinky T, why would I listen to you? You're a goddamn pink gorilla! What do you know about good Chinese food? You idiot." And then you spit in my general direction, running off giggling about how you got me good, oh so good. Well, let me learn you, buddy pal. This gorilla is Jewish, which means that my palate is much more discerning than yours when it comes to Chinese food. Don't believe me? Learn your history, chief-friend. It's written somewhere on the internet that Jews are the best Chinese food connoisseurs that ever lived. That's why we're the chosen people, cowboy. Playboy. Bro Montana. The dumplings are a little soggy, and that's the benchmark of a chinese restaurant. Don't look at me and say, "Oh Pinky T! Everyone knows the benchmark of a good Chinese restaurant is the general tso's chicken!" If that's what you think, I hope you trip on a pebble and drown slowly in a puddle. You are a dimwit, fella. Stop writing anything that resembles food reviews, Bro Namath. For the love of Hashem! But I digress. The dumplings were soggy, and that sucked. But what sucked worse was the entree I got, chicken with broccoli, a good benchmark for what the rest of the menu should be. The chicken was completely undercooked, though the white sauce it was in had a good bit of flavor. But it came with mushrooms and carrots, which I did not want or ask for. I wanted chicken with broccoli, not chicken with broccoli, carrots, and mushrooms. Goddammit. Cook your chicken. You have one job! Like this Chinese food, I'm feeling particularly salty today. Bazinga!
As far as cheap Americanized Chinese food goes, this place is the bomb! I have become kind of obsessed with their General Tso's Tofu. I was excited the first time I came here because they had typical chinese dishes with tofu instead of meats. I have since then quit my vegetarianism, but I can't quit the tofu. It is the right mixture of crispy and squishy! I hate when people don't know how to make tofu right, and I can happily say that Chen Garden does. They have quite the extensive menu so I really should try something different, but I am too stuck in my ways. It's hard to bring yourself to try new things in a restaurant when you have found one you love so much. The restaurant is very dark, I feel like it has kind of a strange atmosphere for what is essentially a fast Chinese food restaurant, but I like it anyway. Be warned though that when you walk back outside into the real world you will be temporarily blinded. Well at least if it happens to be one of those rare days where Rochester has some sunshine. Okay that was bitter but I am just getting so sick of this cold, come back spring!!!
I've always enjoyed my culinary experience at Chen Garden.  My latest dish was the sesame chicken which was very good and provided for a sizable portion.  I've had shrimp and beef dishes here as well and they did not disappoint.  I find Chen to be a step up from the standard "quick" Chinese restaurants and offers vast menu of options.  The bar area is not too bad either if you are going solo or with another person.  Overall a very good value and worth checking out.
I haven't had Chinese food since moving up here from NYC 6 months ago. Since I was craving Chinese, I chose this place based off reviews. I ordered tofu in garlic sauce (asked for it to be fried crispy) and hot spicy chicken wings (also fried extra crispy). What a disappointment :(. Wings were a sloppy, soggy, non-crispy mess and the tofu literally tasted like frying oil with a vague hint of garlic sauce.
Sure, I like delicious, authentic Chinese food as much as the next guy, but sometimes I feel like putting aside my steaming bowl of stir fried pig's urethra and wolfing down some greasy, deep fried, MSG-laden Chinese American fare. And nobody does it better than Chen Garden. This place reminds me of what I thought Chinese food was until I was exposed to real Chinese food served in the Chinatowns of larger metropolitan areas. Chen Garden has lo mein and fried rice on lock-down. Crab rangoons. Pu Pu platters. Fried wonton noodles with mustard and duck sauce. Endless metal pots of hot oolong. Beef on a stick. Wonton soup. Fortune cookies. It's got everything a discerning Rochesterian palate could ever ask for. I've been here a few times, but last time, I came with my girlfriend to stress-eat. Consequently, we ordered way too much food and brought home a full bag of goodies for lunch/dinner the next day. To start, we got the Wasabi Shoumai, and they did not skimp one bit on the wasabi! My sinus infection was gone after eating only a couple of those things. I also ordered the chicken wings, cause I love me some Chinese chicken wings. They were perfect - crisp and salty, dripping with a fluid that could have been oil, chicken juices, soy sauce, or all of the above. They were exactly what I wanted. For mains, I ordered the Pressed Duck and Pork Lo Mein (I told you we were stress-eating) and my girlfriend got the Beef with Broccoli. I did not know what a pressed duck was prior to ordering it, but it was significantly cheaper than the three-course Peking Duck option, so I gave it a try. It was magnificent. Some internet research later revealed to me that Pressed Duck is prepared through a laborious process of steaming a whole duck, de-boning it (as opposed to boning it, you pervert), flattening it with weight, steaming it again, and then deep frying it. It is then cut into bite-sized rectangular pieces and the end result is a perfectly crisp exterior and succulent interior. Remember the "Broasted Chicken" that was all the rage in the 90s? This tastes kind of like broasted duck. Paired with the accompanying sauce, this dish might just be the best Asian duck dish in the city. The Pork Lo Mein and Beef with Broccoli hit the spot and satisfied my need to relive my numerous childhood Chinese restaurant experiences. By the end, we were completely stuffed. Nevertheless, we ordered the green tea ice cream topped with sweet red beans, which we had eaten once before and once again, it was excellent. For a not-so-traditional Chinese restaurant experience, Chen Garden is the only place you should consider.
Best Chinese in all of Rochester... Also great atmosphere.  Very friendly staff... You will love it! Try the spicy chicken with scallion pancakes... And be sure to share a Volcano with someone you like.
When I'm in the mood for a traditional Chinese restaurant (well, traditional in the Americanized sense) I head to Chen Garden.  The inside is dark and mirrored for a cozy, romantic dining experience.  The menu goes on for many pages with a ridiculous amount of items (and a photograph of each choice.)  You get the feeling that everyone around you is a regular there, and the service is friendly.   I love the pan-fried pork dumplings; they *almost* measure up to the delicious ones I get at the Chinese restaurant in my hometown of Sharon, MA--check out Mandarin Taste if you're ever in Sharon.  (I don't know why you'd be in Sharon, but that's besides the point.)  Anything with XO sauce is really good--it's sweet and a little bit spicy.  You can expect the typical accompaniments to your meal--hot tea, crunchy noodles (mmmmm), and a fortune cookie. My boyfriend and I just won a "biggest loser" ten week weight loss competition at his office...and then we went to Chen Garden for dinner.  I chose not to look at the scale this morning :)
I drove by Chen Garden for years and wondered what was behind the red store front. My wife and I decided to give it a shot and we were pleasantly surprised. Since that time we have been telling others about it and come to find out that many of our friends knew about how good it was and must have been keeping it a secret. The menu is large and it even includes photos! We like that they offer brown rice. The service is good and the restaurant is clean. When I'm a bit under the weather I like to call ahead and order the Tom Yum Chicken Soup (for 2). I get it to go and enjoy it at home on the couch. The staff is always prompt and courteous.
This place does delivery and the people who drop it off are super nice. They also include some packets of tea and things with your order, which was a nice touch, and a bunch of soy sauce. You can also pay the deliverer with your card, which is nice if you don't like giving out the number over the phone. The phone was pretty tasty as well. :) No complaints.
I'm modifying my rating, due to the abyssimal service they've been providing at lunchtime lately. The last 4 or 5 times I've ordered take-out, there has always been at least one major mistake. Once, my moo-shi vegetables arrived without any hoisin sauce. The last 3 times that I ordered egg rools, she forgot to add the mustard. today, I decided to forget the eggrolls, and, WTF, she added mustard! I arrived in time, but found that she had the wrong entree, so I had to sit there for 15 minutes, while they made it over! While I was waiting, a woman arrived, cell phone in hand, and said thaty she had been put on hold 15 minutes earlier. The woman answering the phones had just left here hanging, and she wasn't even that busy. It was a Tuesday, for god's sake! Well, it's too bad, because their food is still pretty good. But, with awful service like this, I'll be ordering elsewhere for the forseeable future.
The service was good. The food was OK. I found the reviews on yelp the other day, and went to the place. But I was a bit disappointed, we ordered soup, duck, lamb, and veges. One of the dishes was over flavored, one of them was full of smell of spices but not too much flavor in it. The duck and wrap were both a bit dry (I guessed it's because their wrap were made from wheat and traditional ones were made from rice). Well, I am speaking from a point of view of a native Taiwanese, and we take pride in our food and taste; so take it or not, it might still be as good as american style Chinese food.
I eat here at least once a week. Always great and delicious. This is without a doubt the best Chinese Restaurant in Rochester. Big menu with a lot more than the usual beef and broccoli with fried rice. Servers, owners, cash out - all fabulous! Eat here or be square!
Excellent dinner. We started with chicken noodle soup, which my children loved. Entrees were green beans in brown sauce, clams with black bean sauce, and moo shi pork. The green beans were very tasty, the clams were excellent, and the plum sauce with the moo shi was some of the best I have tasted. Highly recommend it, and if we lived near by, it would be a regular stop for our family.
Chen is a fine choice for your typical American-Chinese selections, but don't stray far from the safe and familiar.   I've had their variation of orange chicken, hot and sour soup, lo mein, and moo shu which were all just as good if not better than what I've had elsewhere.   Last visit I went off the reservation and ordered a Szechuan classic ma po tofu. It was disappointing to say the least.  There was no discernible trace of szechuan pepper corn, or any aromatics.  The sauce tasted more like the base for their hot and sour soup than anything resembling ma po I've had elsewhere.   Stick to general's chicken, beef broccoli or to whatever your go-to takeout order may be.  There's some landmines on the menu, stay on the beaten path.
So far, of the restaurants we have tried in Rochester, the Chinese restaurants have been the most consistently great...I'm not sure how to explain that. Chen Garden did not disappoint. We went during the Chinese new year celebration and there was a special menu. (It is still running until Feb 4th.)   We got the Crispy Sea Bass Hunan Style off of the main menu, and the 5-Pepper Spicy Chicken and Buddha's Delight off of the specials menu. The fish was prepared whole in a tempura-type batter and topped with a sweet, tangy hunan sauce. The 5-pepper chicken had several dried chilis, ginger slices and we were told is marinated for a day or two. It was hot but not unbearable if you like hot, spicy dishes. There was a relatively long wait (esp for a Tuesday) so we sat at the bar and were served quickly. Toward the end of our meal, [we assume] the owner sat near us and bought us drinks for the New Year...perhaps b/c he needed someone to drink with, but who cares. He was actually a funny personable guy, and we enjoyed talking to him. As they left, several people seemed to know hm and other staff. There must have a been a number of regulars and the place was full, which is a good sign. The restaurant itself looks like the current owners took over an old lounge. The bar is long and at the entrance, and most of the tables are deep booths. The lighting is dim and music was very soft. There is adequate parking in the lots around the restaurant.
My favorite. Reliable and delicious!
This place is a Rochester treasure! My wife and I used to go here all the time and enjoy a cocktail, nice food, ambiance, and stellar service. Get a mixed drink (Citron Cosmo, for example) with your meal...you won't be disappointed :-)
This review is based on their takeout. I've been going to Chen's off an on over the past few years based on a friend's recommendation (what we used to call word of mouth pre-Yelp). My daughter has a major addiction to Sesame Chicken, and Chen's is her favorite. Other dishes so far have been hit or miss. My wife dug the Moo Shi Shrimp while the Sesame Tofu fell flat... very mushy & sour (two times in a row on separate visits). On recent trips I've explored their Thai menu... which is something that few restaurants get right. Their Pad Thai is somewhat lacking, but I enjoyed their take on Panang Shrimp (a little too spicy for the wife). We always enjoy Chen's fried pork dumplings (tasty, not rubbery) and other appetizers. With every take-out order, you can also expect a generous helping of fried noodles, sauces, tea & fortune cookies in your takeout bag.
Yes this is a great establishment. It's THE place to take people from out of town who are used to great Chinese food. They also offer a number of Chinese specialties that nobody else in town really offers. And you can order off-menu (e.g., Singapore Chow Fun!) They have a separate Chinese menu, but not all of the servers will want to tell you about it...which brings me to the main drawback about Chen's: the service isn't familiar or friendly. The one great server they had for so many years - Bopa - no longer seems to be working there. She was the best - she would recognize regulars, guide them to interesting specials, and generally give you great treatment. But the staff that remains there isn't nearly as nice or as engaging. That's really too bad - and I get the sense that the Chen brothers don't care about bringing in nicer servers. That said, Chen Garden is still the gold standard for Chinese cuisine in Rochester.
Dined at Chen Garden on NYE with about 18 friends.  We had a reservation and we did have to wait but expected so being that the place was PACKED and having such a large party.  The servers were really great with us!  They gave everyone separate checks, made sure we always had drinks and served food promptly. Food was delicious.  The best part was when we were all finished around 10pm they served us up complimentary champagne for an wonderful NYE toast.  I don't get to Rochester much but when I do Chen Garden will always have a piece of my heart.
I love Chen Garden!  The best deal is at weekday lunch time, when you get your main course, rice, and choice of soup for roughly $6.  It is a filling meal, and I usually fill up on the crispy wonton noodles and dips at the table.  The food is good; I haven't had a bad meal there (I usually get the General Tso's chicken, sesame chicken, or hunan chicken.)  Some places you can get the odd chicken piece that is stringy or disgusting, but that's never happened here to me. I do have one complaint--the inside of the restaurant can be too dark for my liking, but it isn't serious enough to dock a star. Now I'm craving Chen Garden!
Some of the best Chinese food in Rochester - O.K. that could be considered faint praise given the competition - but they actually do a excellent range of dishes fairly well. There are at least 2 different chefs/cooks on different days so I encourage people to try on Monday + Tuesday then later in the week and compare the same dishes, and also ask about things not on the usual menu if you have a sense of adventure.
I'm not really a fan of Chinese food.  I admit this is still very Americanized Chinese food, that said it's still very tasty! I've been twice in the last two weeks and I think I'm falling in love. For apps we've had the wasbi shumai, the sesame noodles and the wonton soup.  I was actually stunned that the wontons were homemade and thin,  the broth was not just bouillon and the pork was delicious.  The shumai were interesting the dipping sauce was high quality soy with sesame oil, ginger and scallions, and a nice kick in your teeth with the wasbi.  I wasn't really a fan of the noodles, next time I will ask for less sauce.  I was very overloaded with peanut.  The noodles were cooked to a perfect toothy bite, though. If you like spicy-I've got news for you!  At Chen Garden they actually believe you!  Instead of just delivering the ubiquitous chili oil, they ask if you prefer items very spicy and give you a firey mash of chilies that is not only hellish, but delicious and exactly what I was looking for. The last time we were there we shared a milder noodle dish with bok choy and a pork dish with vegetables that included whole scallions, shitakes and peppers.  Get the fried rice, large portion and not your usual hiccup inducing dried out crap with some frozen vegetables thrown in.  This fried rice is flavorful, light and fluffy.  It's only supposed to be fried rice, right?  No so, it is really part of the meal here. Here's the thing, Chen Garden has essentially the same menu everyone else does (with some Japanese and Thai leaning items) only they do it better.  Much better.
This place just rocks. Best Chinese food in Rochester. And they deliver too!
False advertising!!! I'm 2.5 miles away and they're website says they will deliver 3 miles. They refused my order. Probably because they're Asian drivers and can't navigate one way streets downtown.
I have been a regular customer of the Chen's restaurants since 1986. I've been to Chen Garden over 100 times and had hundreds of meals over the years. I have NEVER had a bad meal or experience. My favorite meal varies, but recently has been Beef Brisket and Dictyphoria Indusiata in Clay Pot. I also love the Braised Duck with 8 Treasure.
I have lots of great memories here. I even spent a Christmas Eve here under the TV at the bar (the rest of the place was packed to the hilt... For obvious reasons!) The owners were always hilarious and personable. The food was always fantastic and the drinks were always far too strong. Stopping by yesterday, we ordered just a few items for the group. House Special Lo mein (honestly a bit bland and disappointing), BBQ pork hot pot (delicious), Peking Chicken (breaded chicken in a fantastic sauce.. I'd buy a bottle of it if I could!), and an eggplant dish (which was well-cooked). We also got some scallion pancakes which were crisp and tasty and some steamed veggie dumplings. Once we got used to the texture, they were tasty, but of course fried would have been better No drinks tonight as we went out after and were battling some travel fatigue. The final bill? Right around $50. For four people with significant leftovers, this is amazing. I forgot how cheap Rochester is!
This ranks as my third favorite Chinese restaurant in Rochester, followed by Bamboo House and Cantonese House. I'm not sure what type of Chinese food they serve. But based on my previous visits, the food seems to be general americanized Chinese food. Not 100% authentic Chinese food. But still cures my homesick when I go there.
Super fast service and really kind people. Huge menu with Thai dishes available as well. Good options for vegetarians, many dishes made with tofu or just vegetables.
We often order take out from Chen Garden. I  like the pepper tofu, and love they offer brown rice. The 2 stars are based on this positive, and the fact that our food was OK, though bland. We both had a long day, and were looking for a relaxing dinner without the kids to unwind. Hey, let's try eating at Chen Garden for a change?! Upon entering, we waited to get someone's attention for our reserved table. Four people walked in front of me, and they proceeded to seat them first after we told them of our reservation. Nice. We then were taken to our table, and - the good - were provided w/ water and fried noodles w/ mustard and duck sauce right away. Our server seemed annoyed with us ?  or just in a bad mood. and was neither attentive or nice. We waited 40 minutes for our 2 dishes - no apps, easy order. Thank goodness for the noodles. We had to get up and get our own chop sticks. I know this maybe sounds whiney, but we were super disappointed. It was just a negative vibe, and we so hoped for better. Even a smile from the waitperson would have made all the difference. Sticking to take out from now on...or trying somewhere new.
One of the best places in Rochester to get authentic chinese food. The atmosphere at this place is very comfy, dim and intimate, great for any occasion. Waiters are very friendly and knowledgable about the food on the menu. It alway starts off with crispy noodles with dips for free, and having a bar at the entrance means you can order standard drinks as well. The food itself is excellent. Their menu is one of the most compelling menu in Rochester for a chinese restaurant. Everything have pictures and they have an rediculous amount of selections for everything. Including soups and clay pots dishes that you can only get in Chen. They also offer free white or fried rice as well, and the family style dinning adds to the overall experience. I havn't tried most of their appetizers but the soups are excellent, and most of the main dishes are great as well as the clay pot dishes, which are must have if you are to visit Chen. Seafood is good here too, because this is one of the few places in rochester that will actually cook the seafood as if you were to have it in Asia. The service in Chen is surprisingly good, if you are not expecting 5 stars treatment. They always serve the dishes promptly regardless how busy they are, and the waiters are generally attentive. One of the reason why I love this place is the people running it. The owner usually sits at the bar and very friendly, engaging at the same time talking to his regulars. The price is very reasonable, usually comes to around 10-20$ per person, and they always give you a 10% discount if you are a regular. Love this place.
My god! Get here fast! This is so old-school Chinese restaurant decor, it's worth the trip for the experience alone. But the food is also very good, while the prices are even better. The menu is extensive, and the drinks are not expensive. 'Nough said.
Went here with a few local friends for dinner on a Saturday night. The place was packed! No sign of a slow economy here. After eating I understand why. The food was very yummy from the pork, to chicken to vegetarian dishes we ordered. Everything was very reasonable - most items were $10-12. Many more unusual dishes than I'm used to at a Chinese restaurant - things served in a traditional clay pot. Also a few Thai items thrown in for good measure. Overall just tasty food, at a good price, and average decor. I'll definitely be back.
Having just moved to Rochester from Texas, I've been excited about having East Coast Chinese food again.  Chen Garden didn't disappoint!  The atmosphere is dark and a little rustic, not like a big fancy chain... And that's good!  The booths are dimly lit and the thick, multi-page menu is written in Chinese and English.  The choices are numerous with many authentic options.  We had an appetizer of pan fried veggie dumplings which came with several sauces including a hot red chile oil, which was excellent.  Chen Garden serves family-style entrees like you would find in China (sharing is encouraged).  We ordered the Moo-shi with chicken, pancakes and plum sauce, as well as an order of veggie lo mein and some white rice.  All were delicious, even the rice (sticky as it should be!). I was very impressed by our table full of food, and the price tag that was under $30.  Service was good, even if the staff are somewhat abrupt... which just adds to the authenticity of the place!  I will definitely return to Chen Garden!
The worst service of any Rochester restaurant.  Had reservation for 4:45pm.  Dinner orders taken at 5:20.  After asking about our order 4times, walked out at 6:20 without getting dinner.  Other tables arrived after us and finished dinner before we left.  Countless takeout orders left the kitchen.  Will never go there again.
My favorite Chinese restaurant in Rochester. Han Noodle has the pork belly buns, but Chen Garden has the entire package. Their lunch specials are outstanding. Their dinner menu is extensive and their specialty drinks are truly delicious. They even have a bar that I will go as far to say is kind of fun sometimes, especially when the owner is mixing up his specialties. One thing you MUST do is visit Chen Garden during Chinese New Year and try their special menu. The roast duck and fried shrimp and spicy fried chicken are spectacular and it's a favorite tradition of mine to gather up some friends and head over there in January (or February, depending on when the holiday falls) to feast on the once-a-year specials. The ambiance of Chen Garden is also more elegant than most of the Chinese restaurants in Rochester, although beware that it is VERY dark and on sunny days you might get hit by a car when you exit the restaurant because you won't be able to see a damn thing for several seconds. As a parting note, make sure to try the sweet and sour soup. It's particularly good here. A good date restaurant too!
I don't know if this is authentic, but I've had Chinese at many different places and this is my favorite. The lunch menu is a great deal. It comes with soup and tea, and like a true restaurant, waters all around--you dont have to ask. The atmosphere is dim and romantic. I never had the aforementioned problems with the waitresses, which is not to say others are lying. My grandma is part Indonesian and our family tends to talk to them and praise their food a lot, so maybe that's why we never got the attitude?
Fantastic prices, friendly and quick service, delicious and authentic dishes, and fun drinks! I've eaten here many times (lunches, takeout, dinners), sometimes more than once a week, for years- and have yet to have a bad experience. If you're a vegetarian and like chinese food, Chen Garden will not disappoint!
Five Star! Most classical Chinese resturant in Rochester. As a native Chinese, this is the only place can recall my memory of my homecountry, even though they have already integrated American style, it still maintains some traditional things. I like here, if anyone wanna try some thing real China, this is a must go.
By far the best Chinese food in Rochester I know of. Excited to try even the most basic of dishes to have them done right. Quite an assortment for the adventurous also. Drinks are awesome. Old school atmosphere. This place rocks.
I've had Chinese food all over the U.S. and I can say this is probably the best. Everything I get from Chen Garden is fantastic. On top of that, the service is always speedy and top notch. Can't get much better than that.
