Love. Just love. I am VERY particular about my hair and coloring techniques (fellow blondies, I know you know what I mean), and although I found someone I liked well enough after desperately needing a fresh perspective, I stumbled upon Metro salon's impeccable rating here on Yelp, and well, I just had to try them out. My stylist was a doll, so sweet and bubbly, but she was a total pro when it came to discussing my hair. I like when a stylist is up front and not shy about her opinions in a sweet and graceful manner, and that was exactly what she was. She spent a lot of time talking to me about what I liked/didn't like, and what I wanted out of my hair and what she thought would look the best. She recommended laying off the straightener (so hard!) in order to help the front of my hair grow out to achieve the look I am going for. She by far was one of the best if not the best in explaining what she thought would look right on me, how to achieve it, and the reasons why she thought her recommendations would work on my hair type and skin coloring. Amazing! After that first consultation, she gave me the one of the best blowouts/finishes I've had. Today I saw her again for a highlight and cut. The highlights she gave me perfectly achieved that cool, ashy blonde while still working with some of the more golden pieces I was working with. And it doesn't look like highlights! The hallmark (for me) of a great color application. The cut and blowout I received was gorgeous - quite a transformation we both agreed! She reassured me if I ever didn't like anything to speak up and she would work to fix it; unnecessary but helpful to hear that as it can be so hard to speak up for fear of hurt feelings. The service is amazing -- they only had me down for a cut, but when I checked in and said I was there for a color and cut they fit me right in seamlessly and without worry. An assistant who also dried my hair along with the stylist was sweet, and I just love how warm and welcoming everyone was! The whole team I encountered at Metro salon was amazing -- and I'm super happy with the advice, recommendations and services I received. I can't wait to go back!
I had a wonderful experience at Metro Salon yesterday!! My hairstylist, Carly, was energetic, sweet, and very good at her job. She pointed out a few imperfections in my previous cut that she immediately fixed, and gave me something fresh, beautiful, and easy to take care of. She made great conversation but also respected when I just wanted to be quiet and enjoy the experience. The whole salon is beautiful - clean, good music, calm environment. I was inspired during my cut to get my brows done by Carly as well, and they look *AMAZING*!! Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone. Good prices, too!
I just had the most fantastic experience at Metro Salon!  I've recently moved from my small town far away to Rochester, so I've had the same person doing my hair for most of my life.  After a recent dye botch at my cow town salon, I knew that it was finally time to make the switch.  Metro Salon is right by my apartment building and seeing the great reviews here, I decided to make an appointment.  I spoke with Michael who set me all up (even w/ text notifications, whoo!).  I've never had a 'real stylist,' before moving permanently to Rochester.  Now, I have a lot of thick, curly hair - so for stylists to not feel inconvenienced by it is quite a big deal.  Marianna worked on my goldilocks with such patience and precision, I was really impressed.  I left feeling like a million bucks!!  Friendly, clean, very zen atmosphere.  They also have great products and a skincare line of their own, I believe.  I can't wait to go back for my next appointment in a couple of weeks. ~ :)
Compared to other salons I have been to Metro Salon is worth every penny. Stefania is truly an artist for cuts, color and skin care. Everyone there rocks!
I came here fir the first time today after reading all the great reviews and I will most definitely be back! So warm and welcoming, exactly the kind of customer service and passion for what they do that is missing at so many other salons. I knew from the moment I spoke to Michael on the phone to schedule my appointment that it was the perfect place to choose. My stylist was fantastic and really listened to what I wanted, I love my haircut! Great location, good prices, great haircut, great staff!
Just had an amazing experience at Metro Salon. I've been here several times before (once to have a very large pony tail cut off to donate to locks of love--so they will do that if you are looking to donate your hair). This was the first time I had Stephania cut my hair though. She really took the time to talk to me about my hair, and answer my questions. I was really impressed with her expertise. This is one of the best haircuts I've ever had.  Often when I call to schedule an appointment I have to leave a message, but Mike always calls me back right away. No matter who you see here, you will get incredible customer service, from the front desk to the stylists, they are truly an incredible team.
I have nothing but positive feedback for Metro Salon.  Stephanie spent a lot of time talking to me about what I was looking for, and then absolutely delivered!  I'm an actor, and quite fussy about my hair, and the work she did was just stunning. The staff that assisted her were sweet and funny and very professional.  The salon itself is spacious and relaxed, and centrally located, which was a plus.  Pricing was reasonable, and I felt I got more (in terms of time and care) than I would have in Manhattan, where I come from.   Just a terrific salon, really.  And a gem in the heart of Rochester.
I had such a great experience here today. I saw Brooke and she was wonderful. She was super nice and had a passion for her craft. I always have the issue of not knowing what to do with my hair. I told her my frustration, and she knew exactly how to help. She really knew about having curly hair. The whole salon is vegan friendly as well. I wish a salon like this existed where I live. I think that whenever I come to visit, I will have to drop by and get a great haircut. It was very affordable as well. They have a $5 student discount so the cut ended up being $25 plus tip. A real deal if you ask me. I am going to make my mother start coming here. They take appointments as well as walk-ins. I was also fit in pretty last minute so bonus points for that.
I have been getting my nails done by Johanna at Metro Salon for over a year now and can say  with confidence that she gives the best manicures and pedicures that I have ever had.  My mother lives in Los Angeles and has visited many luxury salons in the area and still swears by Johanna's manis and pedis in Rochester. While Metro's nail prices may be a little pricey, you get for what you pay - a very clean salon, luxurious products, attentive staff - an overall fabulous job. There is also a student discount.
Stephania is AAAAhmazing!  I have thick curly hair and she is the only one who has been able to cut it with layers and texturing that looks amazing!!  I am SOOO happy with her expertise!  I live in Denver, but make sure to visit her whenever I am out to visit family in Rochester!
I live in NYC, but needed to get a mani/pedi for a wedding in Rochester. It was very easy to make an appointment through e-mail which was perfect for me since I was in meetings all day and couldn't call. The salon itself is very nice and they immediately set me up with tea and kept my cup full through out the appointment. The women who did my mani/pedi was very experienced and gave great advice when I wasn't sure what color to use. I also will be the first to admit that I am rough on my feet due to playing sports, and she not only made toes look as good as possible, but she also complied with my request to leave my calluses alone. It was also refreshing to have a relaxing mani/pedi experience, versus the usual time in NYC where you are rushed in and out. Another added bonus was that the massage chair that I sat in for the pedi actually gave a great massage. Finally to top it off, they had homemade brownies to share! Now I know where to go when I need a salon in Rochester.
