I have been getting my hair cut at Park Ave Salon for about four years now and am 100% satisfied with its people and services. Brooke is hands down my favorite stylist there, although they are all great. I typically give Brooke creative license to do whatever she wants with my hair, and I have never been disappointed! She has incredible precision and a sparkling personality. I also trust her advice when it comes to recommending additional products or services, because she truly knows each of her clients and what will work best for them. I recently tried an in-salon deep conditioning treatment, which came in at only $20 and really rejuvenated my hair after this winter. Female haircuts are a bargain, as well, at only $35. You will not find a better deal, salon, or set of stylists in this city!
Park ave salon is one of the best salons I've been to. When I moved here from Georgia, I was hesitant to try a new place. Everyone in the salon is so friendly and kind. Initially, I had a treatment done on my hair which did not turn out as expected due to my hair type. They were extremely helpful and worked with me to get the results I wanted. I've also had a cut there that was awesome. If you are looking for a good color, cut or other service, go there and ask for Lily...she is great!!!:)
I have been going to this salon since 2001 (I think?!), and I even made every effort possible to come back here on trips home when I lived in another city. It was the toughest kind of long distance relationship to have! Since I started coming here, the talented, kind staff now also see my mom, sister, and a variety of all of our friends for one simple reason -- they do good work and they're good people! They traveled on-site to my wedding to do hair and make-up, and after seeing the results, my best friend insisted on having them at hers as well. Lori Ann, Tierany and Nicky were an easy-going, conscientious team to have around on a stressful, busy day! And the results were flawless. I usually see Nicky for highlights or cut, but would feel comfortable seeing anyone else on staff there. Between my friends, family and I, we have had just about every service imaginable here (massage, mani, pedi, wax, brows, facial, up-do, make-up, etc), and we've always walked away pleased. The reception staff is accommodating and thorough, and they have even helped us exchange products and also a broken flat-iron. One important thing my family,friends and I have noticed...the SAME group of people have been working here for 10 years!  Even despite an ownership/management change. I can't help but think this is telling for the type of salon it really is. I'm a Park Ave Salon Lifer!
Bought from Groupons for my mom to try because she was looking for a new salon.  Definitely not worth the full cost.  The Groupon only covered about 1/3 of the cost.  She got the cut, color and highlights.  The cut was meh - she's got an easy short bob style yet they still charged her extra and for what?  Hmmm...Then the color was a disaster!  They didn't even cover her grey roots!  WTF!  She had to go back a second time to have them redo the highlights since you couldn't even tell there were highlights yet the grey roots are still there! These stylists are either blind or they don't care.  Either case, I would NOT recommend this place.
I get my brows done here, and ONLY here. The two brow technicians here do the best job of any salon in Rochester. They are friendly, gentle, fast, and thorough. My brows look like a work of art after months of visiting them. I also got my hair colored & cut here once, using a Groupon. It was AWESOME--the stylist did a fantastic job, and I was really impressed. I went much darker, a shade I'd never done before, and I had no clue which shade would look best with my complexion and hair type. The stylist did a great job advising me, and didn't try to upsell me like so many salons do. Love these guys!
I have never gotten my hair done here, but I do get waxes on a regular basis.  Bonnie is great and very professional.  I feel very comfortable and welcomed here.  The staff have bold and loud personalities and that is what I love about it so much! I have also gotten a massage and facial here and they were great!  It can be expensive but I always feel as if it is worth the cost.  I get my best waxes done here!
About two months ago, I came here for highlights and a cut. Highlights took longer than usual, but the cost was affordable. I left satisfied,but not even a week later, the color had faded significantly. Maybe 3 weeks in, my highlights turned brassy and completely unnatural. At my previous salon, the highlights were flawless and I could make it almost 3 months without a touch up. People often commented that they thought I was a natural blonde, not anymore. I'm fair skinned, so this brassy yellow looks terrible. The unnatural shine resembles cheap doll hair! I don't know what color this salon uses, but it reminds me of the temporary dye that simply washes out. I'm so disappointed, but I guess this is what I get trying to cut costs.
They are absolutely great here!  I've had a variety of services done here and all have be fantastic.
