Relaxed? Check.   Pampered?  Check. Returning?  Check, check, check! I keep coming back because I'm pleased with Shear Ego's spa service and accommodations since my first visit years ago.  When you check in, the polite staff escort you to the spa area where the atmosphere is relaxed, calm and time is...what's the time? The sense of time is lost because there are no clocks in the area. I find myself wondering what the time is because I usually have the day planned, but now I keep my schedule light when I get pampered so I can enjoy my time for myself. The facilities are very clean and well kept.  They provide robes and slippers to change into and they have a couple of showers and all the fixings - shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hair dryer.  There's even a dry sauna that could fit just about two people in the changing room.   Just outside the changing room is a small, tastefully furnished waiting area.  The dimly lit area is quiet with warm tones delivering a peaceful ambiance.  They also provide granola bars, water, tea, and coffee in the area and randomly throughout the hallways. The spa rooms are also comforting to one's feng shui. The beds are heated and the sheets are soft. They also lightly play music in the background where if you close your eyes, you feel like you have escaped the monotonous days. They also have couples rooms to enjoy the experience with a special person if you desire. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly. I get great suggestions and information about skincare and the massages de-stress my body and I feel like I'm on cloud nine when I leave.  They adjust to my requests and cater to my needs. After each service, they wait for you outside the door with a refreshing cup of water.   Again, I've had great experiences at Shear Ego which is why I keep going back!
Got my hair colored, first time. Salon front looks amazing. The place they colored my hair was in the back, looked a little off compared to the glamorous front store that was with high ceilings and a sophisticated salon look. Hair wash station could use cushion.. My hair weighed me down and hurt my neck. Woman was nice and listened to my comments. Cool massage chairs at the hair wash, but it didn't conform to my body, so it wasn't super comfy as it could be. Nice touch though.
I was visiting my bf and I decided to get a Brazilian.  I've never had one but it was one of the best salon/spa experiences I have ever had.  It had a great atmosphere and inviting staff.  Elizabeth was very knowledgeable and skilled during the waxing.  She put my anxiety to ease.   My bf and I also had a couples massage.  They were good but they focused on areas other than ones we discussed.
Shear Ego Men's Salon -- Like so many haircuteries, it is a refuge for the untalented.   Here's a tip:  invest less in the sport-themed bric-a-brac and more on finding talented individuals.
I've been to this place a few times. The experience is a bit different each time. Overall, the environment is very relaxing, the staff is professional, and the experience is fantastic. I think they offer a great range of services, all of which are very high quality. From what I've experienced, it's great. Others seem to agree. The first time we went, we requested some additional services. Shear Ego had a small problem fulfilling that service (I think one was a Venician Soak, or something) and we had to wait a few more minutes. They offered us another beverage and said the service would be free. That is an EXCELLENT way to do business! I was satisfied with this. What I don't like is that sometimes when we do a "couples" thing, they put her in the women's waiting room and me in the men's. That's ok, but we'd rather wait together, especially since we were placed together the first time we both did something together at Shear Ego. If we have to wait 15-20 minutes, way can't we do it together? Also, they can be a bit inconsistent with their communication. I had someone ask me if I wanted something to drink once, and I said sure. I didn't get my beverage. Another person asked a few minutes later, and I said sure. I still didn't get my beverage. A third person asked, and still I didn't get my beverage. After my session, they asked if everything was great. I told them about the mishap (which was ok - I thought it was funny), and they said sorry, and gave me a beverage. :) Also, when you finish a session, they might tell you you can stay and relax as long as you'd like. Well, of course, that means within a reasonable time frame, but they'll come back in about a minute or two and expect you to be ready to check out. I think the service is great and I enjoy going there. What prevents me from going is the price. It's far too expensive, even on discount days. Their special offers just barely pass the threshold for reasonable price. If it was less expensive, I would go WAY more often. I think they should lower their prices. At the end, they expect a tip. I'm ok with tipping for this service, but the prices are too high, which means it's really taking a toll on the customer to tip responsibly.
I went in for a french bikini.  What I got basically was a regular bikini wax and a bad one at that.  (Here is an explanation of what a french bikini wax is supposed to be: hair.lovetoknow.com/Fren…).  The waxer was messy.  She got wax all over, even on my hands.  She did not wax in even lines.  Upon finishing, she did not give me a hand mirror to inspect what she had done (as is standard practice).    Overall, never returning.
I'm a San Diego resident, but was in Rochester visiting my husband's family.  His mom treated me to a facial with Elisabeth and him to a hair cut and shave with Kaylene for Christmas.  We had such a great experience, that we came back two days later for a couples massage with Elisabeth (Lis) and Marcus. I was a little hesitant to get my first facial because I don't like other people touching my face, but Lis brought me into a tranquil room that smelled of lemongrass and had me lay on a heated bed.  Coming in from the cold weather, this instantly put me in a relaxed state of mind.  She asked me a few questions about my skincare regimen, then prepared some solutions and scrubs and started working miracles on my skin.  Some were cleansers, exfoliants, and moisturizers, but every product she used smelled good and felt great on my skin.  She even massaged my hands, shoulders, arms, and feet.  I felt so comfortable in her hands that once I found out she is also a massage therapist, my husband and I scheduled our couples massage with Elisabeth. For our massage, my husband had Lis and I had Marcus.  My husband had a million knots in his back, which Lis said she could work on for hours.  My husband definitely enjoyed the experience though, and said he has not had a great massage like that since he had physical therapy where they massaged his back and hips.  Marcus worked wonders on the knot I had on the left side under my shoulder blade that I had been feeling for the past few weeks.  He used just the perfect amount of pressure.  Nothing ever felt uncomfortable or painful and I almost fell asleep at one point.  My whole body felt like it had been realigned when our hour was up. Honestly, I wish I could take these two back to San Diego with me.  Now, any time we come back to visit, I will be adding Shear Ego to our itinerary!
Great salon. As with most of the larger salons in the area, the haircuts are priced according to the experience of the stylist. If you want a junior stylist, you can cut a wash, cut and blowdry for $35-$40. For the quality, it's not bad. I've been to Scott Miller and a number of other salons in the area, but I like Shear Ego because the stylists and clientele are a mix of people, and it's a large place so appointments are not too difficult to make. With a limited schedule, it's easier to get into a salon that has extended hours on some days, including Sundays. One thing I enjoy in particular is that the staff don't fakely greet and pamper you. It's friendly, down-to-earth and classy. The place is bright, clean, and usually buzzing with a flurry of activity. There's a feeling of "come in, we're organized and happy you're here." Not the case with other places. The other part about Shear Ego is that it's connected to the Men's Club, so my hubby can get his hair styled at the same time. Good value, pleasant, and excellent haircuts. I'm pretty simple and have never dyed my hair, so can't really comment on that aspect. One of my friends last week, however, did get her hair dyed there and it was gorgeous. An ombre dye job of sorts, her black hair faded into caramel curls at the end and looked really lovely. This salon is my fave in the area for quality, service and ease of appointments (you can make them online too).
Um Kristen S. you've never made small talk before, have you? Because I am unsure how you have never been asked the questions you've been asked in your review. I suggest that you brush up on your people skills . Since your review also lacked any comment on the actual services rendered... Now that I'm done being indignant and snippy (long day..), I had a great time with my not so fancy physicist husband (Woopeedeedoo) I'm a school teacher who wipes snot and spit from my JC Penny's collection everyday. We did disclose that when the ladies asked us what brought us to Pittsford. They made no changes in their services nor did they even make the usual snooty comments suburban residents make when I tell them I work in a city public school. I wonder why I'm so not offended by their friendly curiosity? Oh because it wasn't offensive. Oh and if you don't want to talk, you don't have to. I def spaced out during the hair wash. It was a nice hair wash! We were received with respect, and that continued into our cut and styling. We had wandering in there randomly too, so they were accommodating right off the bat. The ladies were knowledgable and friendly. Christina made sure I was secure in her knowledge and skill in cutting my stiff, long, asian hair, while Charlotte made my husband's giant poof into something Justin Timberlake would admire. I told my stylist that this was our first time out in weeks and she immediately asked if I wanted my hair curled up for the night out. It was so sweet of her and it came out great =D We have already booked to be cut in two months. Check them out if you haven't already! Day-after Update: I just woke up and my curls are still there and unfrizzed. Testimony of a good stylist! I can't wait to come back!
This was my first time at the salon and it was absolutely amazing. Everyone was so friendly from the receptionists to all the stylists. William was wonderful, making sure that I ok with what he was doing every step of the way. The salon is very upscale and that made the experience even more enjoyable. Prices are also very reasonable.
After completely screwing up a DIY hair dye project at home, I was in desperate need of a good salon to help fix the mess I made of my hair.  After reading reviews on Yelp, I decided to visit Shear Ego. I was a little leery because I wasn't sure if the salon employed students from their school but after hitting dead ends with other salons in the area (due to lack of available time slots and really needing to get my hair back to a presentable place) I decided to call. The receptionist was very friendly and got me in right away. When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised by the decor and warm atmosphere. My stylist (Kristina) was AWESOME! She took the time to sit down and talk with me about my hair, what dye I wanted and what she would be able to do. She, not only, was friendly but she was knowledgeable about my situation and didn't compromise the integrity of my hair to please my wants. I followed her advice and went a little darker then I'd originally wanted because of the damage the box dye had already done to my hair. After the base color was added Kristina put some highlights in to soften it up a little. I was given wine to drink during my visit and the shampoo chairs gently massage your back while your hair is being washed and no students! It was a bit pricey but I the experience was worth it to me. I walked out fully satisfied and able to face the world again. I made my next appointment while I was checking out. Very pleased with the service. Definitely recommend Shear Ego and Kristina to my friends and family.
Every time I ever walked in here, I knew I was gonna walk out feeling better. 4 1/2 stars. You can get anything from a $40 to a $120 haircut here - and when you're at the $40 end, they treat you quite well. (Think, bringing you hot tea while you're getting your haircut.) Everyone is professional and helpful. Out of the 8 or so haircuts here, only one I was not crazy about. I would recommend someone but at the $40-50 range, there is a bit of turnover. I'd really feel pretty comfortable with anyone in the place cutting my hair (and I do not let many people at all near me with scissors!) The same for the spa/massages - professional and oh so relaxing. It's worth it to treat yourself. There's a large boutique in the place as well for gifts (for yourself!) and all kinda of hair and make-up products, jewelry, hats etc. I miss this place.
This review is for the new men's section. Having been to other places designed for the "upscale" gentleman I was rather disappointed with this place. The same people cut hair for both the men's and women's side so there is no real point in having the special men's section.  Don't get me wrong, I don't dislike the 20 year old blond girl cutting my hair but I would rather have someone who just does men's hair. The lobby looks like it belongs in a catalog, and is not very welcoming but rather stiff.  The staff was very friendly but again they dressed like they belong in a salon not a men's barber shop.  What I am getting at is this place is still a salon, just with a special section for the men to get their hair cut, otherwise nothing else is different.  They do have some good men's products, but their selection is limited and next to art of shaving and jack black products you will find bed head which well again does not belong in a men's barber shop. They were still rather new so I hope they see this and others provide their own feedback, there needs to be a better distinction between the men and women's section. Hair cut was ok.
My wife and I have been going to Jason at Shear Ego for years. Myself since I worked at Bruegger's down the plaza in High School. Now that I live in Seattle my wife and I book appointments with Jason first thing when we plan a trip home. It may be pricey, but it is without question the best place to get your hair did in the Rochester area.
Shear Ego is a good salon overall. I've never walked out with a bad haircut or experience. I go to Charlotte, and she is great. Smart and sarcastic, her eccentric sense of humor and demeanor might not be for everyone, but she is efficient and definitely talented. It's fairly easy to get a last minute appointment, which makes it very convenient. The waiting room is gorgeous and the staff is always super-friendly. Not to be rude, but this is my 'backup' salon if I'm looking for a last-minute haircut, and my usual place (Scott Miller, which is across the street), is booked. It's a very reliable place, but I've never walked out blown away.
Best massage I have ever had!  I have fibromyalgia and get massages for my pressure points... some people don't know how to treat my pain level.  I went here and left without having increased pain... I found relief!  I also love the relaxing atmosphere and fabulous attention they give you as a customer.  Total spoiling here.  It's amazing!!!!
I've been going here for over 10 years. My mom, sister, brother & husband come here as well. Service is good. The stylists out of their Shear Ego School honestly seem better trained than other stylists I've seen in Rochester. Before my wedding I saw stylists at over 10 places. I was getting married in Aurora, NY and my regular Shear Ego stylist at the time said Shear Ego stylists aren't supposed to go offsite to do hair (company policy). In my effort to find someone else, I saw stylists at over 10 places in Rochester, plus a few in Syracuse! At the end of the day, no one compared with my Shear Ego stylist. After much pleading she and a friend took the day off to come to Aurora and do my whole bridal party, plus our moms & grandma. We were SO appreciative. Everyone had awesome, unique hair that was styled naturally to accent their best features. Honestly Shear Ego-trained stylists just do the a better job. They also do better updos for special events. Other places do updos that are overdone, unnatural, stiff looking, or where your hair gets frizzy before the end of the night. Not here! Mom always comes to Shear Ego before she has an event out and she always comes out with a great, classy style. My Mom, sister and I used to see Karen Fitzmaurice, who was awesome. Unfortunately she moved away! Karen set us up with Anne before she left. Anne is nice and good with hair. I have only seen her twice so far, but have been happy with her. She does a great style with a round brush. I love it! Like many salons you pay more to see a higher level stylist. Their colorists are very good, so I think it's definitely worth the extra money to have highlights/lowlights/color done right, if that's what you're looking for. While you wait for highlights or color to set they'll bring you a glass of wine, coffee, tea, etc. This makes for a relaxing and enjoyable experience. The products the stylists use are fantastic. I definitely recommend many of them, especially "S Factor" styling creme by Tigi. Products are expensive, so when you see them on sale, go for it if you'd like. Don't feel pressured to buy, though. I have been here for facials, waxing, mani/pedi and spa services. I love the lavender mud wrap. Mani/pedi is very relaxing, but I feel like the polish doesn't last as long as other places. Facials are awesome here. This is my fav place to go for them.  I have also had a massage gifted to me here. The therapist I saw was good. She did a nice relaxing massage, but it wasn't as therapeutic as my regular massage therapist, "Professional Therapeutic Massage" (Sue Ritter), who I've also reviewed on Yelp. As another reviewer mentioned it's nice to make an appointment on the salon side for me and the Men's Club side for my husband at the same time. His favorite barber is Gil. They always give him a beer, which he enjoys. We also like to get gift certificates for our moms here. It's nice they can be delivered via email, too, so you don't have to stop by the salon if you don't want to. If you do go there in person for the certificate you'll get a cuter certificate in a bag, though. =) Parking in Pittsford Plaza can be a pain, especially on Saturdays. Weekday evenings and Sunday afternoons aren't bad, though. Enjoy!
If you are in the mood for a quick massage with nothing fancy - this is your place. Massage was good (didn't touch your palms, feet or scalp in a Swedish) however, the locker rooms, showers and waiting area feels like a staging area at the airport. Nothing relaxing about this. For the money, go spend it at the Del Monte and treat yourself to something better!
Very disappointed. Went here for a hair appointment looking for someplace new and this place seemed to have pretty good reviews. I walk in, and the man at the front desk was very rude to begin with. I then get taken back and the first questions the girls asked me: what does your husband do? and where do you live? Umm, really?? Never have I ever been asked that question before by anyone in a salon/styling field unless our discussion actually led to those topics. But here it was one of the first things they asked me, as if it were some test to determine whether you were "worthy" enough to be going to this salon. I wanted to sarcastically tell them that my husband was a world-renowned neurosurgeon and that we lived in a 1.5 million dollar house in an upscale neighborhood in Pittsford with our dogs appropriately named Dolce and Gabbana, because seriously, that seemed more important to them than actually doing a good job with my hair. My hairstyle basically disappeared in about 3.5 hours even though I had forked out a pretty penny to have it done. Note to the owner, if you ever see this...if people take the time to make an appointment and come to have ANYTHING done, then they should be treated with the utmost respect of any client walking through those doors...because their money is exactly the same as anyone else's. Thanks to the rude treatment and snottiness of your staff, I will NOT be coming back here nor will I recommend for anyone else to go there as well.
I adore Erika!!!!! She makes getting a Brazilian a breeze. Makes me feel comfortable she is quick and makes me laugh! :) Congrats on the new baby!!!
I had been an occaisonal client of Karen Fitzmaurice and after she left, was recently referred to William,  a styylist  who recently joined their team from Argentina. William is fantastic! He truly pays attention to what I am explaining, and asks questions before just jumping in with his own agenda. He stresses that our relationship is a "partnership" and I must be completely happy with the outcome each time; he will patiently adjust anything until I am completely satisfied. I had been a very regular client of another salon for many years and unfortunately, the stylists did not stay current with techniques or truly listen to my needs; my haircut was always the same, even when I asked for trouble spots to be corrected and the color changed with each appointment.  I am so glad I moved on. The color is fantastic-  just a slight adjustment  livened up my look and the shine is amazing. Interesting, they use the same color line as my former salon, but the end result is entirely difefrent. I actually learned there is a final process to "lock in and seal" the color which my former "high end" salon had apparently decided to omit. William has an impressive background and is highly skilled in European techniques. I have already referred 2 clients to him.   I find the entire staff to be friendly, professional and extremely accomodating. I love that they confirm every appointment via email and text messages, and you can build "points" to redeem for future services. It's all of the "little things" this salon does as a matter of normal business thta truly make the difference, and remarkably - the price is the same as my last salon!
My review is for the facial (Signature) and massage (Hot Stone): they are fantastic! There are warm robes, showers, and a mini sauna in the dressing/locker room and the services are top notch! Super relaxing and beneficial. I try to come here every time I visit Rochester!
Marques (massage), Lis (massage/esthetics) & Kelley (esthetics)--best spa tech's in the Roc!  Check 'em out, you'll love them!!!
I am from St. Paul, MN and was visiting Rochester recently.  My daughter had kindly given my a gift certificate for salon services at Shear Ego.  I had been wanting to change up my hair style and I decided to give a hair stylist a try.  My stylist was named Stephanie and she was the BEST!  I wanted a shaggy bob with layering to give my hairs' natural movement a chance to shine.  She immediately understood what I was looking for and gave me a fantastic cut.  Furthermore, she was not at all put off by my desire to basically have a 'wash and go' hairstyle.  Stephanie even dried my hair with a diffuser and then styled it to show me how to get the look that wash and go would be like.  I very much enjoyed the time with her.  She was extremely open to my ideas and added helpful suggestions of her own.  Also, the salon called the following day to see if my style was working out for me which I thought was a very thoughtful touch.   I highly recommend Shear Ego and Stephanie - it was the best haircut I have ever received and I am delighted.
