I did not expect the quality in food that is prepared here. The beer is very good and VERY reasonably priced. Will come back when in Ithaca.
Love the beer. But their Keg service is appalling.  We've had 5 kegs from them, 2 of which we got screwed on. For the first one they gave us the wrong type of tap.  We had a party of 50 people over.  (Just to paint a picture, we have graduate student parties, not undergrad ragers.)  We came up with an interesting solution with a temporary O-ring, which meant we could get half of the beer out.  When returning the keg, they admitted it was the wrong tap.  But for how much trouble this caused and that we could only use half of the keg, at the very least we would have liked to have gotten something off of our next keg.  They said they'll only give a refund if the keg is returned completely untapped within a day or two. Our last keg was for graduation.  They were great about taking a reservation for a keg.  I recommend calling at least 2 weeks ahead for a graduation keg anywhere in Ithaca.  We checked the tap at the store.  We tapped it on the Friday night, didn't notice any problems, left it on ice for the night.  Came down in the morning, and the shaft of the actual tap was leaking.   It looked like a seal within the shaft of the tap was not working.  Overnight, the remaining 3/4 of the keg had leaked onto the floor.  They didn't give a refund. Love the beer, we have had very nice kegs from them.  But not for 2 of them.
This is one of the highlights of Ithaca. It's a small brewery located about 10 minutes from campus and the staff are very friendly. My friends and I went on a 30 minute tour and it was great to see how their manufacturing is handled. I also love how they do free tastings of all of their beers and they give good pours! My favorite one is Apricot Wheat but most of their beers are really good. I will definitely miss this beer company when I head back to Chicago!
The Beer was good. The fries were great. Wonderful outdoor seating and bocce ball. Root beer was a little under carbonated but tasty say's our designated driver. I would come back again.
I'm a big fan of Ithaca beer and have fond memories of stopping by their old space for some samples to buy some bottles and do the free tours. It was always fun to do a tour every year or so and see their excitement over new equipment and the latest batch of their excelsior series. Of course recently they moved into their new space which I made a priority to see on my recent return trip. First to the beers: the nut brown might be the best brown ale I've ever had an I think they're strongest regular offering. The smoked porter is a great winter time beer which covers about 6 months of the year in Ithaca. Cascazilla is a nice red ale, unnoticeable high in alcohol I miss their empire state double ipa which truly was a hopheads dream Their excelsior series seems IMO to be hit and miss but mostly hits, ten was unforgettable and the coffee ale they made in their gimme! collaboration was great. Recently had 13 and 14 and enjoyed both but felt they fell short of my raised expectations for these short runs. The taproom: Awesome space, with a great atmosphere and feel already indoors and nice patio and grassy area outside. Excited to see how their kitchen offerings are when they open up for full service next month.
I love the food and beer  and ambiance but can't get over the poor service. Newsflash I can get ithaca beer elsewhere and you are not doing me a favor. Waited 20 mins for a beer each time. Would be better off having self serve food with a buzzer service and serving all customers rather than catering to large groups camping out a tables. So sad because I want to like it so bad but this has been an issue the past two visits. I miss their little shop.
as a beer lover and a former 607 resident, how could i not love ithaca beer. i always get really excited when i see it on menus, lately it's been popping up at sunset grill, here in Allston, MA. i always make a point to order it when i see it.
Quick dinner and a beer?  This is the place.  Had the best burger, done just right with bacon and cheddar.  The hand cut fries were also yummy served with house made ketchup with perfect spice. Also got to share a slice of sausage and caramelized onions with fresh motz pizza.  It was to die for!!  Paired them up with the Apricot Wheat, so what's not to like?   Stop by if u r in the area. U won't b disappointed!
Hit or miss.  Great burgers but terrible service.  Watched my burger sit under the heat lamp for five minutes before being picked up.  Soggy fries.  For a brewery I expected cold beer.  Not so.  Served luke warm.  Waiter shrugged his shoulders when I brought it to his attention.
Always enjoyed Ithaca Beer Co. beer, especially the Partly Sunny, their summer seasonal beer. The nut brown, pilsner, and double IPA are also good ones to try. I recommend going down to the brewery for a tasting--weekdays are best if you can make it. I'll warn you now, it's not fancy, but you get to taste a lot of things not available in stores or in bottles. Also a good place to get a keg for your next rockin' house party.
One of my favorite brewery tours :)  Also one of my favorite breweries, great beer!  It doesnt look like much from outside but it's really outstanding! Free beer tastings after the tour too!
Unreal! Love the beer. Buy it at your local NY state beer distributor if your outside Ithaca. Many places in NYC also sell bottles.
Great tour, they're building a new facility behind the current one. Free tour with free tastings of their offerings.  Bought the alphalpha from their excelsior series. Amazing beers across the board.  From the outside it looks like a strip mall but don't judge a book by its cover. Short yet informative tour. Worth the visit!
They have a new building/brewing facility, offer tours, and now serve food (which I've heard great things about).  We plan on having dinner there soon.  I don't think the tastings are free anymore, but I'm sure the cost is minimal.  I just wanted to update this review so that it reflected the changes at IB
I love the flower power IPA.  Great atmosphere and great beer.
After a long hike at Buttermilk Falls across the street from Ithaca Brewry, it's a must-see place. Who wouldn't want a cold beer after hiking up the Gorge Trail of the Buttermilk Falls ???? Even if we know what we always get .... Apricot flavor & ginger ale drink for me, we always try out the samples simply to quench our thirst from the hiking !!! The staff is really friendly, and would pour you enough to make you full !!!! We always get too full from samping !!!!
So my review is on the taproom food/service.  I won't pretend to know enough about beer to give a review.  It was kinda nice you could get a sampling of all the flavors. As for the restaurant/taproom, it was clean nice and hopping when I went.  Hard to converse, but hey its not a fancy sit down place. They do the menu right, real simple, burgers or pizza basically.  I have always said the best restaurants do very few things, but do them real real well. Well they did not do either of these things real real well.  It was good but not great.  The pizza we got was so completely average.  The burger was also average.  They use a grass fed beef which if you really like burgers will rarely ever cut it.  I'm not here to debate how horrible all the methane grass fed beef release into the environment is or how unsustainable the practice is in feeding the world.  Or the effects of hormones in grain finished beef or cow quality of life in a feed lot.  The fact is grass feed beef just doesn't make a good burger compared to a grain finished because of the fat content.  It has to be med-rare and cooked much slower to even have a chance of having tenderness and taste.  When they are trying to get 100s of people through I can see why this choice in beef fails in terms of taste.  I got an over cooked limited in taste piece of beef that was honestly probably cooked as well as it could have been considering the circumstances. The fries were fine, but they give you the tiniest bit of ketchup.  Is there some shortage I did not know about?  I asked for more and after like 5 minutes they came back with another cup with like 1 cm of ketchup at the bottom...  I had eaten the rest of my fries while waiting. We had a party of 8 and they brought out 6 dishes.  At first she said they would be right out... after a few minutes it was clear someone had messed up.  Then she came back and said they were making more fries and they would be right out.  Then she came out and said the kitchen forgot the order.  Then she said it would be 30 minutes since it was now at the back of the line again.  What?  She did say it would be free when they come, but apparently it was impossible to put a rush on two missing dishes... Maybe it was because we still had a good time there, but the place might have some potential if they get a few service and food quality issues fixed.
A great experience. The new facility is top notch. My only complaint is that the acoustics need work. It's really loud for indoor dining when the place is busy. It seems they could add something to the ceiling to muffle some of the sound. But otherwise it's great. I live the fries! And the Flights.
Went back and had the cheddar bacon burger. Honestly one of the best burgers I have had on the east coast. Cascazilla was drinkable, hop forward, slightly bitter but left me wanting for malt. Fries were stupendous as was the ketchup. The burger outperformed the beer at this establishment which is saying something considering this is an above average east coast brewery.
Great local brewing company. They have free tastings and tours on the weekends.
Okay. 5 stars based on the burger. It took me totally by surprise, but my husband and I were floored! Seriously. We thoroughly enjoyed that along with the Apricot wheat for me and the hop flight for my husband. End your meal with a root beer float and it's dinner perfection. Props to the restaurants for outdoor seating with a view and a taco truck. We sat at the bar and it was really crowded but not that loud!
Love their beer and the food is good, but I am not impressed with the new brewery/restaurant. I had not been in a few years, and at the old location, they had a nice sampling area where you could taste everything you wanted. You could skip some beers, and try whatever. At the new brewpub they opened, they force you to pick from pre-selected 4 beer sampler trays. So you may end up getting beers you know you are not interested in, have had before, or literally do not like. I know their excuse for this is the claim that they get busy and it makes it easier for the bartenders, but I have been to many brewpub/breweries over the years and the vast majority let you pick your own beers in a sampler (even if it is a busy brewpub and you have to pick say 4 out of the 8 available). Craft beer is all about choice but the new Ithaca thinks that they should choose for you.
I was pleasantly surprised with the generous and inviting outdoor seating area overlooking a nice field. It was the perfect place to enjoy the evening as the sun slowly slipped away.  The indoor seating looked inviting as well. My wife and I enjoyed 2 different flights of beer, and we both found a few favorites. Overall,  I was very impressed with the quality and the variety of choices. We started off with a seasonal veggie pizza loaded with onions,  mushrooms,  spinach, beet tops, provolone and a homemade bell pepper sauce.  It was absolutely delicious.  It was a bit overpriced at $14 relative to its size and the price of their regular pizzas.  Regardless,  I would order again because it was really good.  We also had the grass fed smokehouse burger.    It's rare for me to order a burger and I'll only do it when top notch ingredients are assured. It was amazing!  The fries were delicious too. There were some great sounding salads on the menu too. The beer, food, service and overall atmosphere were great.  I'd come here for the food and the beer. Both were equally great.  I can't wait to visit this place again when I'm back in the area.
If you are in the area- eat here! We came to try some beer, no plans to eat, but were blown away. Pulled pork pizza made with organic flower, smoked chicken special, butternut squash soup- everything was delish! The beer was great too :)
Really loved this brewery. Great beer and an eclectic,  delicious menu. The space is new and cool with a great outdoor patio. Service was friendly and helpful. I hope to come back.
Took the trip down to Ithaca this weekend to visit family and we all went to the Ithaca Beer Co. to take a tour of the facility and taste some delicious beers. The tour was easy to setup. Just had to call and tell them how many were in my group and they got us in for the first tour of the day. (NOON) As we arrived we all ordered a beer to take on the tour with us. I had a pint of their seasonal "Country Pumpkin", which I have to say is in my top five pumpkin beers along with ST's Pumking and DFH's Punk'n Ale. Our tour guide was really personable and made the walk through the facility very enjoyable. She gave us all the history on the brewery and even had us sample a few of their more popular beers at the end of the tour. The tour itself was free and I think runs every hour starting at 12 NOON. After the tour we all got refills from the bar and headed out back where they had a HUGE seating area complete with covered tables, picnic tables, larger table for big parties and lawn games for passing the time on a nice day like the one we had. My favorite part (besides the beer) was the taco truck they had parked out back. The truck was serving up an option of Pork, Wild Boar, Tofu or veggie tacos. I had one of each which was enough to fill me up. The tacos were not expensive and really good. Of course the inside of the Taproom had a full menu that offered anything from wood fired pizzas to burgers and sandwiches. And for those not so nice days there was plenty of seating inside as well. Overall we had a blast and even if we didn't just happen to be in Ithaca, I would still make the 3 hour trip from Buffalo just to visit this place again.
We frequented this brewery last month during a camping trip at Robert H. Treman State Park.  We got rained on a few times, with one road flooded :X  So what else is there to do?  Sit in the tent and yell for one another over the rain?  NO DEAL!   To the brewery we went...a few times.  Ithica Beer Co has the best set up and atmosphere.  There is someone always there to greet you and get you seated whether is at the bar, dining area, outside dining patio or any of the high tables by the bar.  There are countless of tastings you can do before committing to a pint or a flight.  I LOVE THIS!  They pour enough product to judge AND enjoy.  My favorite was the Green Trail, a nice and smooth india pale ale.  On my last stop I realized I could not go back home without a growler.  They have a number to choose from, even the uber cute stainless steel one.  I decided to go with the standard 64fl oz amber glass growler with the Ithica Beer Co logo silk screen.  I had it filled with this season's Country Pumpkin Ale since I eally enjoyed it and was afraid it was not carried at Wegmans or Beers of the World.  It has just the right hint of pumpkin for those friends that don't enjoy the spoils of fall :) See you next time guys!
Burger was amazing. Staff was very accommodating. Their porter was my favorite and the best I've had. Will definitely come back.
Okay, so I am reviewing the food and service, not the beer as I believe people can be very biased on what beer they love (I'm personally a lager kind of guy though I did enjoy the apricot wheat Ithaca ale) So first off, the restaurant is too small and too congested near the bar. Granted this is a local place which is great but the dining area was not thought out well. The service is okay, our waitress really did not stop by except to take drink order, deliver drinks/take food order, drop off food/refill drinks, and give us check. We had a big party and we needed more refills than we got and she was always disappearing. Our check also took 20 minutes to get after we asked for it. The waitress was pretty snobby too but hey, maybe she was just having a bad day, idk. Needless to say the service was sub-par. The food. First off not a huge menu which isn't a bad thing. The prices are very high though, which had the food been amazing, I wouldn't complain about, but it wasn't. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was okay. The pulled pork tasted like crock-pot pulled pork with a generic bbq sauce and coleslaw. Nothing special but definitely a notch above store bought. The fries were pretty good, but not the best. We ordered one of their pizza of the day special pizzas and the crust was so thin by the time it reached us it was soggy and flappy. I think I am officially swearing off flatbread pizza because other than Brix in Cortland, I've never had a really good flatbread that wasn't soggy when it reached me. Other people in my party got the burger and said it was just a burger, nothing special. Overall  I wouldn't come back to eat, definitely would for the beer. The beer pricing is spot on, just not the food.
As a brewery this place is great.  We had two flights of brews that were all really good.  The food was decent, it got the job done, nothing that I would rave about, but I was there for the beer not the food. It was definitely better than some of the other places in town.  I also had their root beer on draft, WOW!   Please put root beer floats on your dessert menu!!  Why is it not there already!?
Don't get me wrong; I love a good local beer as much as anyone. But IBC beer has never been that impressive. The brewery/pub is a nice idea, but the very limited menu falls short and the atmosphere is lacking. And what's up with everyone bringing their kids to the place? It's a brewery, not a day care center. The vegan burger was mushy. The flatbread pizzas are a good idea, the best items on the menu. The IPA was bland and the Inherent Disposition beer was flat, with a fake-smoke flavor. In general, the staff is friendly and helpful. But, there's just something missing here...we left disappointed and likely won't be back.
new nice clean facility that's a plus. beers especially the flower power were first rate. food was decent but way over priced. 1 year of corn was $5. servers continue to push food is it they're paid on commission
The beer is top-notch here. Ithaca Beer Co has an insane amount of capacity for a brewery in a town the size of Ithaca, and they are making great beers that are readily available at local bars and stores. The advantage of visiting the tap room is that they will typically have some special beers available that they are not bottling. That really should be the only reason you consider visiting this place, especially on a weekend. The brewery itself is obviously well-managed, but the tap room is poorly managed almost to the point of being intolerable. It's hard to get a table, hard to get anyone to notice you at the bar, and once you do get a table the service is terribly slow and inattentive. The food is decent but better food can be had in the area with better service. In short, if you must visit the Ithaca Beer Co tap room to get those special beers, try going during the week. Otherwise, you're in for a wild ride.
Lovely location on a big farm south of downtown of Ithaca. The wait can be a bit crazy on weekends. It was incredibly smoky inside, so we waited for a table outside. The beers were decent, as was the veggie burger. The location topped the food/drinks in my opinion, but I would still return.
Let's talk about vibe... Relaxed, laid back, hang out with friends, kids, family. Bocce court outside!! Table shuffle board inside. Bar height tables, regular tables, bar seating inside.  Long tables and regular tables outside. Beer truck outside. Fire pit outside. Good beer and good food at reasonable prices with friendly service. I could hang here all day and night.
Imagine this in Rob Lowe's voice from Parks and Rec "This was Literally the best burger that I have ever had." It was like the first time I had a shake shack burger but without all the disappointment of every other shake shack burger after it. I only want to eat their bleu cheese burger for the rest of my life. The beer also very good. Super yummy range of styles. But best of everything is their service. I think everyone is given E to get then super friendly. The back garden is a wonderful spot for a meal too. I plan to set up a tent and live here now. Should be ok as long as I keep the tab open
I did a flight of the barrel brews for six dollars.  The flight consisted on four four ounce beers.  The only one that I was able to drink was the Oatmeal Stout.  One sip of each of the rest and I was done.  I was disappointed.  The tasting room was nice.  I would have liked more interaction with the staff in terms of recommendations.  I saw that other people were getting tastings before they bought something and recommendations.  I was offered neither.
We had two flights and both were terrific. The toast corn with feta was great too. Nice place to go when visiting Ithaca and the outdoor doing is beautiful.
Ate here today with the family.  My husband is a fan of the beer - likes the apricot wheat beer, so had to go to the restaurant as we were in town.  It's small (has outside seating too), but clean and pleasant.  Sunday afternoon at noon was not too busy at all.  What I liked is that they grow most of their own vegetables, etc. right in their own backyard.  The veggie burger was probably the best I have ever had - their own recipe and ingredients with great flavor. Also, their salad with their own mustard dressing was good.  Good ginger beer and root beer too, as I had a sample. The service was prompt.  No complaints here!
I do have to say that the food here is rather narrow in scope, mostly burgers, pizzas and a couple of salads and a soup or 2.  But the few things they do, they do very well.  The cheddar soup is amazeballs!!  The burger was cooked to perfection.  The bleu cheese balls that were fried with the salad actually stopped time when i tasted one of them.  The beers are also good, but i'm quite a beer snob, and oddly enough hates holy beers.  But the Belgian Golden was one of the best I've ever had.  I HIGHLY recommend this place.  The prices are very good as well, 3 of us had dinner appetizers, and a few beers each and the bill was only $113. The only negative was the lack of WiFi.  They have 2-3 that are broadcasting but will not let customers connect as they are the production POS network.  I did mention that this was an issue as the cell signal there was almost nonexistent.  We have Verizon and only had a dot of 3G connectivity.
Stopped in for a beer & a bite to eat.  The Apricot Wheat is AMAZING!  I have only ever had it in the bottle til now, and like I said - amazing!  The food menu is limited, but the food is very good.  I would highly recommend the cheddar ale soup!  We got pizza which was very good, but saw the burgers coming out & wished we had gotten them.  They looked great!
Tried every beer with the flights, all very very good. Food was even better, and if possible the atmosphere was even better than all of that. People hanging out in the back yard area playing frisbee, music at the right level, I almost felt like a BBQ you would throw at your house with a bunch of friends. Very laid back and relaxing. Vegan burger and harvest pizza were great
Dear Ithaca Beer Company, Yes, I'm a secret admirerer. I regularly pick up a six pack of your pale ale when i shop at Wegmans. Your recent summer variety pack has been a joy - Flower Power IPA and Partly Sunny Spiced Wheat Ale are both fantastic beers. And the knowledge that I'm supporting a local business gives me a warm tingly feeling - or that might just be the beer talking. In anycase, you could say that I had a mild "beer-crush" on you. I was ready to bring our relationship to the next level. The long distance thing was no longer enough. I wanted to meet face-to-face. A trip to Ithaca was in order to tour the brewery, perhaps sample some of your less distributed brews, and yes, hopefully blossom this crush into a full blown romance. But like all blind dates, not only my expectations were sky high, you were cruel and twisted with my emotions. I was taken aback when I saw that you lived in what looked like a run-down 7 eleven. I ignored the trash that was readily visible in the parking lot. I tried to remain strong. "I don't need looks," I said to myself. "All that matters is what's in the inside."   Things went downhill from there. The romantic wood paneled tasting area of my dreams was replaced with a drab run down room with a bar in the corner. The frat boy "beer guides" ignored me and other guests - joking amongst themselves. Your cleverly designed chalk board menu featured brews that weren't even on tap. "Oh casca-zilla, perhaps you could have saved this blind-date from hell." I tried your Double IPA (which was good) and did my best to come to terms with you. Yes you made good beer, but your drab looks, lack of personal attention and your inability to show me a good time.... well, I just couldn't take it anymore. I walked out the door.  I'll admit, I didn't even give you a chance to win me back with the brewery tour. My heart had already been broken. But I'm not good with breakups. With a guilty conscience, I still buy your pale ale. Perhaps one day you'll get your act together, fix yourself up,  and I can return to your home. But for now, I'll just buy your beer and try to forget where it came from. Sincerely, Patrick
This week we decided to take the drive to fellow NY brewery Ithaca. Being a giant fan for years of Flower Power, I was very excited to check them out.  The building is newer and expanded greatly. From what I was told there used to just be a small tasting room, but this is just the opposite.  It is tucked very far back, plenty of parking, a giant bar, tables inside and plenty outside. -They have plenty of merch from t-shirts to glasses, they also have a giant section where you can buy your favorite Ithaca beers in cases or six packs. -As for the beer we did all three flights they have listed.  Apricot Wheat was the favorite of the lady...it has a great smell and you taste the apricot for sure, the Nut Brown was decent, Cascazilla was good as usual, Pale Ale was very nice..hoppy and light (we got two growlers of that to go), Flower Power just as good as I expected, Partly Sunny wasn't bad, and I lost my list but we had a couple others including an Imperial Stout they just put on.  All the beers were good, only 1 or 2 were just decent. -We ordered a pizza in which some of the toppings are fresh and picked right from their own garden.  It was delicious and I would highly recommend it. -Lots of space although we got there right around opening and by the time we left it was getting crowded.  I highly recommend making the drive if you can, the workers were really knowledgeable and really nice, the ambiance and scenery is just worth the trip I've never been anywhere like it. It's going into my top 5 favorite breweries I think.
Really great food ... Really great beer and drinks ... And a beautiful outside patio that's relaxing and fun. Even have a bacci ball area. Cool place to go to hang out.
Been here several times but last night moved this place to 5-star status.  I think their beers are getting better & better.  And while the menu is short, we've never had anything we didn't like.  I appreciate the specials & their focus on what's local & in season.  Wait staff here are the best.  Very warm & friendly & not stressed even when it's packed, which is usually.  But what puts this place over the top is the outdoor dining.  It's just lovely - relaxed & comfortable, with a firepit & bocce & even casual lawn seating if u just want to enjoy a beer & the sunset.
Let me just start this by saying, I am from the land of grits and pulled pork BBQ sandwiches, and this place provided excellent presentations of both. Good food - burgers, pulled pork, fries, etc. The beers are wonderful, too - year round selection, seasonal brews, and other experiments. Nice outdoor seating if it's warm enough. A little out of Ithaca but really a relatively short drive. Overall, good brewery with good food!
This place is incredible! The service was good, people were so nice. I love that ingredients are locally sourced or grown in their own garden! Btw the Taproom ketchup is the best ketchup!!
Hey Hey, this is always my last stop out of Ithaca, where I can taste just a little and pick up some great beers before I head back down route 13 south, eventually landing in Richmond, VA. Must haves always include: Flower Power and Apricot Wheat (for the Lady).   Recently discovered the Excelsior 13, which comes in 750ml bottles ($8.99 each) and is absolutely to die for.  Rumor has it this will keep in bottles for years, so definitely pick up some for the cellar before its gone - rumored to be gone by November 11. Other seasonals always impress as well: Cold Front, Groundbreak, Partly Sunny, and Gorges Porter takes you from Winter to Fall. Fear not people, a Brew Pub is on the way (stop in the brewery, they will tell you all about it).  Can't wait for that! See you soon, IBC!
Excellent brewery tucked in central New York. The beer is high quality and the food is good too. The tours are free and always guided by enthusiastic brewers. The flower power ipa is very good. Cascazilla also good. They have a sour beer called Bill-something that's worth checking out if they have it on tap. The outdoor area is awesome and they grow hops onsite. If you're in Ithaca and like beer, this is a must.
LOVE!!  After hiking all day, this was the perfect pre-barbeque pit stop.  The two-ounce tastings were very generous and, if you're a lightweight like me, going light to dark will give you a buzz.  There wasn't a draft that I didn't like and the waitresses are so cute and helpful. The space is small and has the potential to get very crowded depending on the time of day and the day of the week.  On a Saturday afternoon, there were scores of people getting their free tastes...but you could see how this could be a good thing -- plenty of craft ale lovers, plenty of mixing and mingling. Go, drink, be merry!  Oh, and tip your bartender(s)!
Amazing!!!! So glad to have found The Taproom in Ithaca.  The beer, of course, was fantastic, the food was awesome, and the atmosphere was exactly what you were looking for.  Brand new facilities makes this a place to put on your radar.   Can't wait to go back!
Ithaca just moved into their new beautiful facility, at 122 Ithaca Beer Drive, behind the old location. Just head down 13A, signs will lead you in the right direction. They have a great bar now and they serve food, and have wood fired pizzas on a limited basis.  Very nice looking outdoor seating area, but it was winter when I visited, so I sat at the bar. Good service, one can order full beers, or choose from one of several flights they have available.  The cheeseburger I had was very good, while the fries that accompanied it were average.  The Flower Power IPA ketchup sounded more interesting that it ended up being.  Overall, though, the food was good, but not spectacular.  Unfortunately, they do not start making the wood fired pizzas until 3 pm, so I wasn't able to try one. Ithaca Beer Company makes great beers, they have their standard lineup of beers on tap, plus the seasonals, plus a couple from the Excelsior! series at any given time. They do growler fills and also have plenty of brewery schwag (I mean T-shirts, glasses, etc. not low grade cannabis...) for sale.
This place is a great spot to spend an afternoon. They have tours but make sure you reserve ahead of time. Their apricot wheat is probably my favorite but you can sample a flight and they have some really interesting flavors. The food here is also delicious! They incorporate beer into their recipes and it really works. The decor of this place is modern and chic and you'll feel relaxed as soon as you walk in. I highly recommend a visit to this place, especially if you like your microbrews!
LOVE THIS PLACE! I get my growler (bought from there too) almost weekly! I can't go without my Apricot Wheat!
Came for the bar so cannot judge the food. Beer is good enough, though I'm not a huge fan. The beer is classic American beer style, not really my cup of tea. Cask nights are fun, you can order a pint straight from the cask and the taste is very different. You can ask to sample any draft before ordering. Staff is really great, very friendly and chatty, ensuring you have a good time. A great place to bring visitors.
Great local beer at a good price. You can get pony kegs here for $50 that is more than enough for a small party and much cheaper than the equivalent six packs. I will continue to go here for as long as I am in Ithaca.
The beer is fantastic - I highly recommend getting one of the flights to try a range.  The food is also fantastic, very high quality for the price.  Great service.  The setting is beautiful, and we loved the outdoor bocci ball court.  All around, definitely worth going.
This review is mostly based on my visit here today, but I've also been to the new location four other times and ordered food and beer every time.   Pros: Ithaca Beer on tap! 8oz beers for those of us who like tiny beers.  Beer flights are perfect for when you bring visitors from out of town.   Pizza is affordable.  Outdoor seating area is AWESOME.   I love that you can see the brewery even if you aren't going on a tour.  The games (table shuffleboard-like thing inside and boccie ball outside) are really great too! Cons from my visit today:  Today our service was slow (We ordered beers first, then the waiter came to get our food order and the beers still hadn't shown up yet.  When our drinks did come only half of them came, then the last two came later.  After eating I would have ordered a second beer if the waiter had come back in a reasonable amount of time after my glass was empty to ask me, but, by the time he did come back all of our glasses were empty, we were well finished with our food,  the desire had faded, and I just wanted to leave.  This is the first time I've ever had slow drink service at a brewery.  Also, the waiter didn't ask if we wanted dessert... Don't they serve dessert?).  Admittedly, I have also been here and had great service, so it does depend on who is working that night or who you are assigned to.   As far as the food itself over many of my visits...I don't like the fries.  The intent is good but the execution is bad.  They don't come with enough ketchup, so, it's as if they know that half the fries will be too overdone for you to eat them all.   And lastly, although I really do like the pizza, I don't crave it enough to go all the way out there for it.   I think the pizza has the potential to be really good but something just isn't quite perfected yet (I've had it twice so far).   I'll continue to bring people here from out of town because of the beer and the cool atmosphere, not the food or the service.
After a day of wine tasting around Cayuga Lake and swimming at Buttermilk Falls (amazing park) we thought we'd head over to Ithaca Beer.   Last time we went there was about 4 years ago so, much to our surprise we went to the new facility.   What a great place.   It was a Friday afternoon with nice weather so, the patio area was happening.  Our waitress, Ana from Brazil, was awesome.  She was attentive and fun to talk to.  There was a bocce ball court on the patio and indoors there was a table shuffleboard game.   The beer selection is abundant and all were quite tasty.   We didn't eat here but, the burgers looked good.    If I lived in Ithaca I would be a regular. Great location, friendly servers and great beer.  What more could you ask for?
I feel bad I didn't review Ithaca soon after I was here! My review and rating are solely based off the service, waitstaff, beer and overall surroundings only due to the fact we didn't eat here. The facility is new, not very big, but super cozy and respectful. We arrived later on in the day and missed the last tour which was a bummer but....I guess, once you've seen one you've seen them all! My husband home brews so he would have liked to see the facility but no biggie there. We sat at the bar and got some great suggestions from the bartender who happened to previously been from CT where we are from. Our group of 4 all ordered different liquids from the fresh Root Beer (which I don't care for in general) all the way to the darkest of beers. I had a "sampler" which all I can remember had the Flower Power which is so good! My husband and our friend both bought a stainless steel growler to go, nice touch compared to the basically glass ones you can get anywhere else. Overall great place and we hope to be back!
Amazing beer & carefully prepared farm-to-table fare is hiding at the end of a (short) gravel road, don't miss!!  Five stars for the beer, for the table service at lunch, for the food, for the outdoor dining area and for the reasonable prices.  A flight of four seriously hoppy beers is just $6, a perfect pulled-pork sandwich with salty crispy hot french fries is only $10, wood-fired pizzas are reasonably priced too.  This place deserves the name "gastropub" but doesn't even use it,  I want to camp out in their field so I can return as often as I like.   THE YELP APP CANNOT FIND IBC, idk and wtf? A nearby business the app *can* find is Greentree Garden Supply at 606 Elmira Road, Ithaca NY 14850. The Ithaca Beer Company's beers are flat-out great, I only tried six (!) of them and the Pale Ale was my favorite balance of bitter hops and barley.   Ground Break was gently hopped goodness, Cascazilla was a yummy generously hopped amber, the Flower Power IPA was hoppier still, and the Excelsior was an amazing (and pricey) wheat beer with a stunning flavor and strength, 8% ABV. The MultiHead was a 5-barrel special,  not even on the web site, also a delightfully hopped beer but not over the top.  Non drinkers can try the house made sodas, ginger beer and root beer, alas no diet :) Once you have your flight of 4oz glasses properly lined up in front of you, start with a Fry Flight (not a fly fright :), a generous helping of thin, properly browned and salted french fries accompanied by three gourmet sauces: house-made ketchup, chipotle mayo and carmelized onion mayo, fairly priced at $7. The menu is fairly short, mostly traditional pub grub but with a few surprises. Cheddar cheese soup was a nice light preparation (not a gummy yellow mess), gently sprinkled with chives and served with a bit of bread. The pastrami in the sandwich was smoked on the property and covered with cabbage from the restaurant's garden, delicious.  A pulled-pork sandwich was melt-in-your-mouth soft on a medium-size roll, just the right portion for one person. Instead of fries get the option of local veg. A grilled ear of corn was sprinkled with a bit of cheddar and a lot of spice, wonderful summer fare.  A side of stir-fried chard and kale was super healthy but a bit under-garliced and needed salt. Sit outside, admire the hills, soak up the peace & quiet, try to figure out what's growing in the restaurant garden and possibly even play a little Bocce.  Table service outside was gracious, never rushed us and explained everything (thanks Erin!). I didn't get to join the brewery tour so I have to come back.
Great new location with a large bar, large dining room and massive outdoor seating area. This new modern tap room is a must-stop if you're a beer-lover and passing through Ithaca, NY. Haven't always been in love with Ithaca beers, but I did sample a couple on this trip that impressed me. The Ground Break and the Smoked Porter were great: very different from each other, but incredibly well-balanced. The bartenders were very efficient and the whole place just had a good feng shui. We didn't try any food or go on the tour, so I feel like my review is lacking in comprehension, but I can attest to the fact that the food looked fantastic and the people coming out of the tour said it was good. We'll be back if we're in town for sure.
After visiting the Dogfish Head brewery in Delaware I held a high standard for taprooms. I visited Ithaca Beer Co after the expansion of their kitchen. The price for filling up growlers here is pretty reasonable but I wish there were more options. The food brings regular bar food up a notch, but there aren't too many options. The beer flights were good. Flower Power tastes more "flowery" here. It's located in a rather deserted area, but the patio area is still a nice place to sit to catch some rays in the summer. I can see this taproom thriving in Upstate, but because they only have two popular brews I can't image this surviving in bigger, more populated city.
Your beer is fantastic, and I love your free tastings, but I oh-so want you to expand. Open a pub. Serve some food. Be creative. Trust me, the people will flock from as far as... Cortland... to come. Seriously, you'd be the Kings of Ithaca. I know the process must be difficult. I'm sure there are tons of by-laws and zoning hurdles. But you can do it. I believe.
Super place to visit on Columbus day weekend. I mean as long as you can handle the crowds. This place was packed, we arrived to a pretty empty parking lot, then people started to arrive like gangbusters. Took the tour of the brewery, which has seen a multi million dollar expansion. The tour was very informative and a nice way to learn about the different products that Ithaca makes. I love their flower power and enjoyed a smoked porter during the visit. They had a nice selection of food choices, we would have ordered the vegan burger if it was not as busy. It seemed like it would have taken a while to eat. There was even a corn maze. How many breweries are going to give you that. I'll certainly stop here on another trip through Ithaca.
Food was good . Service was bad they never make eye contact. Seemed to busy To service us.
When I was in grad school upstate for two years, I fought a daily internal struggle.  Part of me wanted to lament and be depressed 24/7 that I was stuck upstate and away from Brooklyn and all of its wonders.  The other part of me thought "What the hell is wrong with you?" And all of a sudden, the great* lyrics of OMD would go through my head: "I touched you once, I touched you twice I won't let go at any price I need you now like I needed you then You always said we'd still be friends someday" Dramatic? Yes.  And no, this wasn't about a lost love/man-friend.  This was about my looming, ultimately unavoidable separation from Ithaca Brewery, once I finished with school.   There are so many things I miss about the brewery: - The Gorges smoked porter that warms me like no other. - The seasonal $5 growlers of Ground Break. - The Flower Power that leaves a headache to remind me it's more than just a one night stand. - And the Nut Brown. Oh, the Nut Brown.  How I miss you. Sure, I can get some varieties in bottles in Brooklyn.  But that's the equivalent of "let's just be friends."  And sure, I can go visit every once in a while, but we both know that our visits will be fleeting, and we'll never return to what we once had.  Brooklyn treats me well, but I'll never forget you, Ithaca Beer Co. *Ok, sub-par.
Since last summer (my first visit), they built a huge facility on "Ithaca Beer Road" (WIN) that's more in line with the current quality and distribution of IBC. BEautiful tasking room and large patio with a fire pit. We did the cheese plate (OK) and fry flight (very good). I had the Greek salad, which was alright, but my friend's pizza looked drool-worthy. They had several new releases--pumpkin ale, Creeker (excellent 2x IPA), an imperial porter, and a Belgian white IPA were all awesome. Inside the bar/tasting room there's a shuffle puck table!
Visited the Ithaca Beer Co. this past weekend with the hopes of getting a tour of the brewery, while passing through Ithaca on our way home from a wedding.  Unfortunately, they were not running tours this weekend so we had to settle for the beer tasting. I've had a couple of the Ithaca beers before:  Apricot Wheat, Flower Power, and the Pale Ale.  The Apricot Wheat is by far my favorite.  I really am not a fan of Flower Power because I just do not like IPAs.  The Pale Ale, I feel very meh about. While at the beer tasting, I also got to try their limited edition "Cascazilla".  It was pretty good.  Unfortunately, (our second disappointment of the trip) they did not have tastings of their summer ale "Partly Sunny", which I would have really enjoyed because I love wheat beer. As for the facility, it was super super hot in the tasting room, which made us cut our tasting short.  Also, according to my beer buying expert husband, the prices are not cheaper if you buy the beer in bottles there.  Maybe it is good if you are buying a keg because they don't offer kegs of Ithaca beer at many places?  I don't know.  All I know is we walked out empty handed. They are currently renovating their facility so I suggest calling before you show up to make sure they are both a) doing tours and b) doing tastings.
Yummy!!!!!! We have a child up here in Ithaca and stumbled upon this place.  They have a wonderful outside area (didn't eat outside this time but did in august) they gave a great pulled pork sandwich that is smoked on premises... You can smell them smoking.  Sides are made of what they pick from the garden, which us near the smoker. My favorite thing is the fry flight with 3 sauces, taproom ketchup, chipotle aioli and balsamic caramelized onion mayo. I have it on great authority (hubby) that the beers are very good also. He gets the beer flight every time we come and enjoys the different tastes they have
Flower Power is one of my favorite beers, so when visiting Ithaca we HAD to stop by for a drink & the tour. Our tour guide was fun & very knowledgeable. It was a quick tour, so don't worry that you'll be stuck in the back all day, although I bet if you were a beer fan you could get the brewer/tour guide to talk your ear off! They have some fun pub games in the lobby & what looks like a stellar menu.
I'm not a huge beer person That being said The ambiance is nice The parking is confusing as they moved buildings.   Better signs with arrows may help tourists. We ordered fries that never came My burger was missing the mushrooms They took the fries off the bill and instead of crediting the mushrooms try comped my burger!! That made me impressed Someone fills your water often but if the waiter was around more we would have gotten another beer.   But good food. Nice location.  I'll try again
Ahhh...the official beverage of Ithaca! I love their beers from the tap and from the bottle, from their apricot wheat, pale ale, nut brown, double IPA, and Cascazilla, to their root and ginger beer sodas. Don't forget their special brews throughout the year such as the Flower Power IPA, Partly Sunny, Gorges Smoked Porter, Winterizer, and Ithaca Stout. When you get a chance, take a visit of their microbrewery like I did when I went on a winery tour hosted by the Cornell Grad School!
We went there this weekend with our daughter and friend and had a great time.  The beer is excellent.  The sampler boards allow one to try many different brews.  The food menu is quite limited, but everything on the menu is excellent.  That is only the beginning.  It was an Ithaca balmy 49 degrees so everyone was out enjoying the warm weather.  Outside there is a huge patio area with many picnic tables, fire pits, boce ball courts, free range roaming chickens, cats and dogs.  Inside there is a shuffleboard table.  The atmosphere is very family oriented, but on a Friday night there were quite a few single professionals hanging out. My conclusion is that it really is a place for everyone!
On a day trip to Ithaca with my parents, I suggested visiting the Ithaca Beer Company. I love my parents, but after a full day with them, I was ready for a drink (there is a reason I relocated to Binghamton). Why not make it a *free* drink? Complete with a tour! And so off we went. The beer? Delicious, as I knew it would be. I was already a fan of Apricot Wheat and Cold Front, and I got to try everything else. The tour? Enjoyable. I learned a lot about the company and about the process of making beer. After sampling everything offered and becoming ever so slightly tipsy, we got two mixed cases; everyone had a different favorite.And the tipsyness facilitated interesting conversations with my mother.  When I got back to Binghamton that night, I had a 12 pack of fantastic beer, and memories of a decent day with my folks. Not too shabby.
Ithaca Beer recently built a beautiful new building immediately behind their old location. The new building has a brewpub style restaurant. You can no longer get free beer samples, but you can order flights of Ithaca beer if you're interested in trying many types. The brewpub also offers pints and half pints of all their beers. The food menu was small, but everything we got was excellent. I had a great handmade veggie burger. My friends had  brick oven pizzas and a hamburger and were also satisfied. We did not order desert but the descriptions looked really great. The service staff was super friendly and approachable. Definitely as good as it gets.
We went on a Saturday to take advantage of the free beer tastings. But, at 3-4ounces per "taste," and with 7 or so beers on the menu, the designated drivers may want to use caution! The beer prices are reasonable - 1.50/beer, less for cases, $8/growlers ($5 rootbeer growlers!). And the beer is pretty good. I was especially a fan of the Apricot Ale (who isn't!?) a light ale with artificial apricot flavoring, and the Nut Brown, which was a heavy, chocolatey-tasting beer without being too "hoppy." I got a variety pack and brought it to a potluck -- it was a hit! Ask around and see if you can get a tour of the brewery -- they have a very small brewery, but the guide was entertaining and you could take a tasting glass of your favorite beverage to enjoy on the tour!
My favorite place we went to while we were in New York state. The outdoor seating is beautiful, the beers are way better than I expected, and the pizza's are pretty marvelous. I had a pizza with the goat summer sausage on it, and I highly recommend you do too -- it was just delicious, earthy and wonderful, paired nicely with the saison.... The open space outside has a bocce court, and inside there is a shuffleboard set up, service was fine, seemed to be college kids off for the summer, they knew the beers pretty well and were able to make recommendations. The 15th anniversary rye ale was pretty fantastic, I tend to like rye's in general and was really pleased with this one. Would go back if in Ithaca
I hate to give this place a bad review, because I used to love going to the Ithaca Beer when it was the small tasting room on Route 13. My husband and I went to Ithaca Beer for a tasting and lunch. We walked in and were immediately sat at our table.Water arrived on the table and the guy who brought them spilled water on our table, and walked away. Then here comes our less than impressive waitress. She was rude and pretentious. We order the Cheddar Ale Soup. It was bland although the croutons on the top were delish. There wasn't a lot of flavor, and the minced raw onions I could have done without. I ordered the White Pizza and my husband ordered the Gouda Burger. My pizza again was bland. My husband enjoyed his burger, but the fries were soggy, and under cooked. After lunch we ordered a flight, The Bright Flight. One of my glasses was cracked. The beer was bland as well, and the "Haze" beer smelled like urine. Between the sub par beer, food, and awful service I will never be back. Sorry Ithaca Beer Co. sometimes you shouldn't mess with a good thing.
Purchased their local brew, intended it as a gift. However, did not taste good enough to give as a gift. Taste is a subjective thing, I was not a fan people working there were very nice, otherwise would have went 1 star based on beer taste.
Finally, I am updating my review of IBC, first things first, why do all Ithacans shorten everything to initials? CTB (Collegetown bagels) IB, (Ithaca Bakery) and IBC (Ithaca Beer Co)? Cornell and Ithaca College students, am I missing any? Okay, on to my review. Mike, the friendly beer guy behind the counter at the bar inside the brewery is the coolest beer tender in the world. I live over 300 miles from Ithaca and whenever I walk in he remembers me. Very cool indeed! I love the Cascazilla, the flavor is full bodied, this amazingly amber beer would go great with a cheeseburger with lots of hearty whole grain mustard, lots of greasy fries drowned in Ketchup, and a huge dill pickle. The flavor will stand up to all the bold flavors and leave a nice refreshing flavor in your mouth. Here in Pittsburgh, Packs 'N Dogs carries Cascazilla and it goes great with their All Beef Weiner with hot chili, cheddar, and onions. Hoppy and Delicious! Flower Power IPA - What can I say? It's one of the cleanest, freshest tasting IPA's i've ever tasted. Crisp and refreshing, with a lime-grapefruit finish. This beer pairs amazingly well with a steak, salmon, anything with lots of garlic, and pizza. Speaking of garlic, try this beer with a white pizza loaded with garlic, olive oil, and lots of feta cheese. The flavors meld together like no other beer/food pairing that i've ever tasted. For the college students in Ithaca, next time you order a big platter of nachos have a Flower Power IPA with it.  Tropical, hoppy, and refreshing! Ithaca Pale Ale - A little drier than the Cascazilla, and less hoppy than Flower Power, this beer pairs well with pasta, especially with a heavy tomato sauce. Think of it as a merlot for beer lovers. Also good with sandwiches, for those of you that hit up The Hot truck or Louies Lunch after a late night study, grab a Pale Ale with those hot sandwiches. Partly Sunny Wheat - Not one of my favorite styles of beer, but I can drink Partly Sunny. Hints of lemon and coriander, this beer goes well with oily fish like salmon, tuna, and it excels with anchovy pizza from Northeast Pizza. It's been a little under a year since I've been to Ithaca NY, and I look forward to stopping in to see Mike, and bending my elbow as he gives me samples of the terrific IBC beers!
I've been to a ton of breweries in my day, some go all out (Stone Bistro) and others simply let their beers do the talking.  Ithaca Beer Co falls in the latter and they do it well. We missed out on the tour (guide was out to lunch) but we did spend a little bit in the tasting room sampling their wares.  DD & DW loved the fresh Root Beer and I went through the portfolio of fermented alcoholic beverages.   Left with 3 growlers (Apricot Wheat, Ground Break (currently only $5) and Flower Power, which is one of my top 5 favorite beers of all time)  Also bought a couple of bottles of Thirteen, which is their Anniversary beer for this year.  An awesome tasting wheatwine.  We also bought a 4 pack of Root beer & Ginger beer as part of grandpa's fathers day gift.  They both loved it. Will be going back to pick up a sixtel of Flower Power in a few months for sure.
I hate to give this place a bad review because they have good food & beer, but they have awful service. We waited 20 minutes to get drinks at a table. It was very difficult to flag down a server. Must  be very poor management. We would never go back.
This is my 2nd time here, and although the 1st time was definitely better than the 2nd time, i'm confident the 3rd time will be by far the best.   Ithaca Brewing Co. is about one block from Buttermilk Falls State Park.  It is a small little place, but inside, is a comfortable feel with pub style tables where you can enjoy free tastings of 6 different kinds of Ithaca brew. IBC is in the process of moving to a bigger location.  So when I came here a few weeks ago, where there was once 6 different kinds of tastings, was reduced to only 2. But that is ok, because come October, IBC will be serving food, offer outdoor seatings, live bands, and outdoor drinking games in a big yard.   The employees there were all real cool and allowed you to hang out and continue tasting the beers.  They even have a chart that explains each different kind.  If you come here for a tasting, definitely follow the chart and go from light-dark kinds.   LIke what you taste? Support IBC and purchase some of its beer right there.  From 6 packs all the way to 1/2 kegs
Nice beer but my God, the hospitality area is seriously lacking.  Ithaca, your beer is too good for the little bar area you have set up.  Have you ever visited Southern Tier Brewery and checked out The Empty Pint?  I think you'd be ashamed by comparison. Forget this sample stuff - set up a real bar and charge people by the pint.  Don't be afraid to add a very small but nice food menu. Make it comfortable please - I felt like I was drinking my sample in a pool store.  Make Ithaca Beer Co. a destination!
If you missed the big red sign on the side of the road, you might not even know it was there.  What a tragedy that would be.  Tucked back down a short gravel road, the Ithaca Beer company is a craft brewing operation with a great modern tap room with several tap selections including the popular and hoppy Cascazilla, Flower Power, and my favorite, Ground Break,  a farmhouse style saison ale. Bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly. The beer is fantastic and though we only tried the fries, they are my new favorite.  Wow, $5 for the fry flight gets you a massive basket of perfectly cooked fries in a rainbow of golden brown hues...even those that appeared way overdone were amazingly delicious.  Seasoned with just the right amount of sea salt and served with a trio of tasty dipping sauces including a carmelized onion balsamic aioli, a chipotle mayo and spicy ketchup...you'd have to go to Five Guys to get a heap of fries this big, and best of luck getting them to serve you a saison with them. The decor is modern with stainless steel, pendant lights, and a bar front designed with Ithaca beer caps, but surprisingly not uninviting. The tap room bar top is a really nice lacquered cement flecked with colors...very unusual.  The tap room is seat yourself,  very open and bright, with a large beer garden style patio that overlooks a lush green meadow.  Tables were well spread out, giving patrons plenty of space to enjoy a gorgeous day.  I could imagine a stage set up in the meadow, what an idyllic setting this would be for some live music to enjoy with your craft brew. You can buy various shirts, hats, glassware and other Ithaca Beer tchotchckees, all nicely designed.  You can also buy cases or six packs of every variety of beer.  A huge plate glass window into the brewery gives visitors a view of the gleaming stainless steel beer tanks.  Tours are available.   If you love beer, this is a fantastic spot for an afternoon or evening stop.  Just southwest of Ithaca downtown,  it is a quick drive from most area hotels.  Check it out.
This place was the perfect destination for good food, good service, good atmosphere, and most importantly, good beer. Can't wait to go back!
We did the tour, it was informative but not too long.  The bar/tasting room felt like a big hang out area, great to grab a beer and a bite to eat.  There is also a fire pit outside which makes for another chill hangout area as well.  Beer is great and the staff is friendly and passionate about what they do, check it out!!
The facility is pretty new and clean. They don't do free sampling anymore but the pub next to the factory itself is reasonably cheap and nice. The tour takes about 20 min and at the end of the tour, they do beer sampling which was also pretty interesting. I've definitely had better beers before but the overall experience made it worth the trip.
Tour was great. Beer is pretty good. Bar staff leaves room for improvement. Nice feel to the tasting room plus an outdoor seating area. Next time, I'll try the food.
Crazy good beer, especially their GroundBreak.  Friendly tours and great staff, I always have fun going here and only regret that I don't live closer!  Thankfully they do a good job with distribution and their beer is widely available, I could even find it some places in DC when I lived down there. Their rootbeer is also top notch.
Had a great lunch there today with a beer flight. The burger was fantastic!! One of the best I've ever had. The beer speaks for itself, but I feel they really make an effort to serve delicious, inventive, locally sourced food as well. Kudos! Will definitely be back.
Great pub in a town of great looking places. Well rounded craft beer menu, food menu (with vegetarian options!) and a peanut butter chocolate landslide thingy that is worth the price. Great fries too. When I get back to Ithaca, I'm going back.
The food is not all that great on most days... the drinks are OK... the service is terrible. The last time I was there, the waiter was snarky and unhelpful and the service was unreasonably slow. Worse than unhelpful, when we were dining in the beer garden and it started to rain, he actually took our umbrellas *away*. Because of this extremely poor service, I will not be going back.
My parents love stopping here for the free tastings and beer chat.  I don't actually drink beer - but I like the soda and I think they're great peoples.  Hubby really likes the Gorges Porter and the Cascazilla.   Just like everyone else, I would love to see them open a local brew pub!
They do beer tours here. Crafted beers and beer flight samplings. Service can be slow or sometimes non-existent. I've had hit and miss experiences here. Jury is still out if I like or not.
I went to Ithaca Brewery this past weekend and it was great.  The new building is impressive!  My friends and I hung out for almost 5 hours playing shuffle board and of course enjoying some beer. The favorite among us was Ground Break.   We ordered food as well.  The cheddar bacon cheese burger was terrific however the fries were really weak (soggy, little flavor).  The wood fired pizza with roasted red peppers and olive tapenade was good as well.  All of their pizzas are personal size.  My biggest complaint is that they close at 9p.
I finally made it to the Ithaca Beer Company, after years of trying to make it a point to check out this brewery, and even then, I had to make a u-turn once I noticed that I passed by their entrance off of the highway.  Even though I have enjoyed their beer before, I decided to have a flight of beers at their tap room, although I didn't have any of their food.  They will give you a choice of different flights of beer, and sitting at the bar, I was served quickly.  Of course, I enjoyed my beer, which included their Nut Brown Ale and an IPA.  I certainly would come back here.
I did not expect the quality in food that is prepared here. The beer is very good and VERY reasonably priced. Will come back when in Ithaca.
Stopped in for a beer & a bite to eat.  The Apricot Wheat is AMAZING!  I have only ever had it in the bottle til now, and like I said - amazing!  The food menu is limited, but the food is very good.  I would highly recommend the cheddar ale soup!  We got pizza which was very good, but saw the burgers coming out & wished we had gotten them.  They looked great!
Dear Ithaca Beer Company, Yes, I'm a secret admirerer. I regularly pick up a six pack of your pale ale when i shop at Wegmans. Your recent summer variety pack has been a joy - Flower Power IPA and Partly Sunny Spiced Wheat Ale are both fantastic beers. And the knowledge that I'm supporting a local business gives me a warm tingly feeling - or that might just be the beer talking. In anycase, you could say that I had a mild "beer-crush" on you. I was ready to bring our relationship to the next level. The long distance thing was no longer enough. I wanted to meet face-to-face. A trip to Ithaca was in order to tour the brewery, perhaps sample some of your less distributed brews, and yes, hopefully blossom this crush into a full blown romance. But like all blind dates, not only my expectations were sky high, you were cruel and twisted with my emotions. I was taken aback when I saw that you lived in what looked like a run-down 7 eleven. I ignored the trash that was readily visible in the parking lot. I tried to remain strong. "I don't need looks," I said to myself. "All that matters is what's in the inside."   Things went downhill from there. The romantic wood paneled tasting area of my dreams was replaced with a drab run down room with a bar in the corner. The frat boy "beer guides" ignored me and other guests - joking amongst themselves. Your cleverly designed chalk board menu featured brews that weren't even on tap. "Oh casca-zilla, perhaps you could have saved this blind-date from hell." I tried your Double IPA (which was good) and did my best to come to terms with you. Yes you made good beer, but your drab looks, lack of personal attention and your inability to show me a good time.... well, I just couldn't take it anymore. I walked out the door.  I'll admit, I didn't even give you a chance to win me back with the brewery tour. My heart had already been broken. But I'm not good with breakups. With a guilty conscience, I still buy your pale ale. Perhaps one day you'll get your act together, fix yourself up,  and I can return to your home. But for now, I'll just buy your beer and try to forget where it came from. Sincerely, Patrick
Really great food ... Really great beer and drinks ... And a beautiful outside patio that's relaxing and fun. Even have a bacci ball area. Cool place to go to hang out.
Let me just start this by saying, I am from the land of grits and pulled pork BBQ sandwiches, and this place provided excellent presentations of both. Good food - burgers, pulled pork, fries, etc. The beers are wonderful, too - year round selection, seasonal brews, and other experiments. Nice outdoor seating if it's warm enough. A little out of Ithaca but really a relatively short drive. Overall, good brewery with good food!
Hey Hey, this is always my last stop out of Ithaca, where I can taste just a little and pick up some great beers before I head back down route 13 south, eventually landing in Richmond, VA. Must haves always include: Flower Power and Apricot Wheat (for the Lady).   Recently discovered the Excelsior 13, which comes in 750ml bottles ($8.99 each) and is absolutely to die for.  Rumor has it this will keep in bottles for years, so definitely pick up some for the cellar before its gone - rumored to be gone by November 11. Other seasonals always impress as well: Cold Front, Groundbreak, Partly Sunny, and Gorges Porter takes you from Winter to Fall. Fear not people, a Brew Pub is on the way (stop in the brewery, they will tell you all about it).  Can't wait for that! See you soon, IBC!
LOVE!!  After hiking all day, this was the perfect pre-barbeque pit stop.  The two-ounce tastings were very generous and, if you're a lightweight like me, going light to dark will give you a buzz.  There wasn't a draft that I didn't like and the waitresses are so cute and helpful. The space is small and has the potential to get very crowded depending on the time of day and the day of the week.  On a Saturday afternoon, there were scores of people getting their free tastes...but you could see how this could be a good thing -- plenty of craft ale lovers, plenty of mixing and mingling. Go, drink, be merry!  Oh, and tip your bartender(s)!
Ithaca just moved into their new beautiful facility, at 122 Ithaca Beer Drive, behind the old location. Just head down 13A, signs will lead you in the right direction. They have a great bar now and they serve food, and have wood fired pizzas on a limited basis.  Very nice looking outdoor seating area, but it was winter when I visited, so I sat at the bar. Good service, one can order full beers, or choose from one of several flights they have available.  The cheeseburger I had was very good, while the fries that accompanied it were average.  The Flower Power IPA ketchup sounded more interesting that it ended up being.  Overall, though, the food was good, but not spectacular.  Unfortunately, they do not start making the wood fired pizzas until 3 pm, so I wasn't able to try one. Ithaca Beer Company makes great beers, they have their standard lineup of beers on tap, plus the seasonals, plus a couple from the Excelsior! series at any given time. They do growler fills and also have plenty of brewery schwag (I mean T-shirts, glasses, etc. not low grade cannabis...) for sale.
LOVE THIS PLACE! I get my growler (bought from there too) almost weekly! I can't go without my Apricot Wheat!
Great local beer at a good price. You can get pony kegs here for $50 that is more than enough for a small party and much cheaper than the equivalent six packs. I will continue to go here for as long as I am in Ithaca.
This review is mostly based on my visit here today, but I've also been to the new location four other times and ordered food and beer every time.   Pros: Ithaca Beer on tap! 8oz beers for those of us who like tiny beers.  Beer flights are perfect for when you bring visitors from out of town.   Pizza is affordable.  Outdoor seating area is AWESOME.   I love that you can see the brewery even if you aren't going on a tour.  The games (table shuffleboard-like thing inside and boccie ball outside) are really great too! Cons from my visit today:  Today our service was slow (We ordered beers first, then the waiter came to get our food order and the beers still hadn't shown up yet.  When our drinks did come only half of them came, then the last two came later.  After eating I would have ordered a second beer if the waiter had come back in a reasonable amount of time after my glass was empty to ask me, but, by the time he did come back all of our glasses were empty, we were well finished with our food,  the desire had faded, and I just wanted to leave.  This is the first time I've ever had slow drink service at a brewery.  Also, the waiter didn't ask if we wanted dessert... Don't they serve dessert?).  Admittedly, I have also been here and had great service, so it does depend on who is working that night or who you are assigned to.   As far as the food itself over many of my visits...I don't like the fries.  The intent is good but the execution is bad.  They don't come with enough ketchup, so, it's as if they know that half the fries will be too overdone for you to eat them all.   And lastly, although I really do like the pizza, I don't crave it enough to go all the way out there for it.   I think the pizza has the potential to be really good but something just isn't quite perfected yet (I've had it twice so far).   I'll continue to bring people here from out of town because of the beer and the cool atmosphere, not the food or the service.
I feel bad I didn't review Ithaca soon after I was here! My review and rating are solely based off the service, waitstaff, beer and overall surroundings only due to the fact we didn't eat here. The facility is new, not very big, but super cozy and respectful. We arrived later on in the day and missed the last tour which was a bummer but....I guess, once you've seen one you've seen them all! My husband home brews so he would have liked to see the facility but no biggie there. We sat at the bar and got some great suggestions from the bartender who happened to previously been from CT where we are from. Our group of 4 all ordered different liquids from the fresh Root Beer (which I don't care for in general) all the way to the darkest of beers. I had a "sampler" which all I can remember had the Flower Power which is so good! My husband and our friend both bought a stainless steel growler to go, nice touch compared to the basically glass ones you can get anywhere else. Overall great place and we hope to be back!
Great new location with a large bar, large dining room and massive outdoor seating area. This new modern tap room is a must-stop if you're a beer-lover and passing through Ithaca, NY. Haven't always been in love with Ithaca beers, but I did sample a couple on this trip that impressed me. The Ground Break and the Smoked Porter were great: very different from each other, but incredibly well-balanced. The bartenders were very efficient and the whole place just had a good feng shui. We didn't try any food or go on the tour, so I feel like my review is lacking in comprehension, but I can attest to the fact that the food looked fantastic and the people coming out of the tour said it was good. We'll be back if we're in town for sure.
Love the beer. But their Keg service is appalling.  We've had 5 kegs from them, 2 of which we got screwed on. For the first one they gave us the wrong type of tap.  We had a party of 50 people over.  (Just to paint a picture, we have graduate student parties, not undergrad ragers.)  We came up with an interesting solution with a temporary O-ring, which meant we could get half of the beer out.  When returning the keg, they admitted it was the wrong tap.  But for how much trouble this caused and that we could only use half of the keg, at the very least we would have liked to have gotten something off of our next keg.  They said they'll only give a refund if the keg is returned completely untapped within a day or two. Our last keg was for graduation.  They were great about taking a reservation for a keg.  I recommend calling at least 2 weeks ahead for a graduation keg anywhere in Ithaca.  We checked the tap at the store.  We tapped it on the Friday night, didn't notice any problems, left it on ice for the night.  Came down in the morning, and the shaft of the actual tap was leaking.   It looked like a seal within the shaft of the tap was not working.  Overnight, the remaining 3/4 of the keg had leaked onto the floor.  They didn't give a refund. Love the beer, we have had very nice kegs from them.  But not for 2 of them.
Your beer is fantastic, and I love your free tastings, but I oh-so want you to expand. Open a pub. Serve some food. Be creative. Trust me, the people will flock from as far as... Cortland... to come. Seriously, you'd be the Kings of Ithaca. I know the process must be difficult. I'm sure there are tons of by-laws and zoning hurdles. But you can do it. I believe.
This is one of the highlights of Ithaca. It's a small brewery located about 10 minutes from campus and the staff are very friendly. My friends and I went on a 30 minute tour and it was great to see how their manufacturing is handled. I also love how they do free tastings of all of their beers and they give good pours! My favorite one is Apricot Wheat but most of their beers are really good. I will definitely miss this beer company when I head back to Chicago!
When I was in grad school upstate for two years, I fought a daily internal struggle.  Part of me wanted to lament and be depressed 24/7 that I was stuck upstate and away from Brooklyn and all of its wonders.  The other part of me thought "What the hell is wrong with you?" And all of a sudden, the great* lyrics of OMD would go through my head: "I touched you once, I touched you twice I won't let go at any price I need you now like I needed you then You always said we'd still be friends someday" Dramatic? Yes.  And no, this wasn't about a lost love/man-friend.  This was about my looming, ultimately unavoidable separation from Ithaca Brewery, once I finished with school.   There are so many things I miss about the brewery: - The Gorges smoked porter that warms me like no other. - The seasonal $5 growlers of Ground Break. - The Flower Power that leaves a headache to remind me it's more than just a one night stand. - And the Nut Brown. Oh, the Nut Brown.  How I miss you. Sure, I can get some varieties in bottles in Brooklyn.  But that's the equivalent of "let's just be friends."  And sure, I can go visit every once in a while, but we both know that our visits will be fleeting, and we'll never return to what we once had.  Brooklyn treats me well, but I'll never forget you, Ithaca Beer Co. *Ok, sub-par.
The Beer was good. The fries were great. Wonderful outdoor seating and bocce ball. Root beer was a little under carbonated but tasty say's our designated driver. I would come back again.
I'm a big fan of Ithaca beer and have fond memories of stopping by their old space for some samples to buy some bottles and do the free tours. It was always fun to do a tour every year or so and see their excitement over new equipment and the latest batch of their excelsior series. Of course recently they moved into their new space which I made a priority to see on my recent return trip. First to the beers: the nut brown might be the best brown ale I've ever had an I think they're strongest regular offering. The smoked porter is a great winter time beer which covers about 6 months of the year in Ithaca. Cascazilla is a nice red ale, unnoticeable high in alcohol I miss their empire state double ipa which truly was a hopheads dream Their excelsior series seems IMO to be hit and miss but mostly hits, ten was unforgettable and the coffee ale they made in their gimme! collaboration was great. Recently had 13 and 14 and enjoyed both but felt they fell short of my raised expectations for these short runs. The taproom: Awesome space, with a great atmosphere and feel already indoors and nice patio and grassy area outside. Excited to see how their kitchen offerings are when they open up for full service next month.
Visited the Ithaca Beer Co. this past weekend with the hopes of getting a tour of the brewery, while passing through Ithaca on our way home from a wedding.  Unfortunately, they were not running tours this weekend so we had to settle for the beer tasting. I've had a couple of the Ithaca beers before:  Apricot Wheat, Flower Power, and the Pale Ale.  The Apricot Wheat is by far my favorite.  I really am not a fan of Flower Power because I just do not like IPAs.  The Pale Ale, I feel very meh about. While at the beer tasting, I also got to try their limited edition "Cascazilla".  It was pretty good.  Unfortunately, (our second disappointment of the trip) they did not have tastings of their summer ale "Partly Sunny", which I would have really enjoyed because I love wheat beer. As for the facility, it was super super hot in the tasting room, which made us cut our tasting short.  Also, according to my beer buying expert husband, the prices are not cheaper if you buy the beer in bottles there.  Maybe it is good if you are buying a keg because they don't offer kegs of Ithaca beer at many places?  I don't know.  All I know is we walked out empty handed. They are currently renovating their facility so I suggest calling before you show up to make sure they are both a) doing tours and b) doing tastings.
I love the food and beer  and ambiance but can't get over the poor service. Newsflash I can get ithaca beer elsewhere and you are not doing me a favor. Waited 20 mins for a beer each time. Would be better off having self serve food with a buzzer service and serving all customers rather than catering to large groups camping out a tables. So sad because I want to like it so bad but this has been an issue the past two visits. I miss their little shop.
Flower Power is one of my favorite beers, so when visiting Ithaca we HAD to stop by for a drink & the tour. Our tour guide was fun & very knowledgeable. It was a quick tour, so don't worry that you'll be stuck in the back all day, although I bet if you were a beer fan you could get the brewer/tour guide to talk your ear off! They have some fun pub games in the lobby & what looks like a stellar menu.
as a beer lover and a former 607 resident, how could i not love ithaca beer. i always get really excited when i see it on menus, lately it's been popping up at sunset grill, here in Allston, MA. i always make a point to order it when i see it.
Ahhh...the official beverage of Ithaca! I love their beers from the tap and from the bottle, from their apricot wheat, pale ale, nut brown, double IPA, and Cascazilla, to their root and ginger beer sodas. Don't forget their special brews throughout the year such as the Flower Power IPA, Partly Sunny, Gorges Smoked Porter, Winterizer, and Ithaca Stout. When you get a chance, take a visit of their microbrewery like I did when I went on a winery tour hosted by the Cornell Grad School!
Quick dinner and a beer?  This is the place.  Had the best burger, done just right with bacon and cheddar.  The hand cut fries were also yummy served with house made ketchup with perfect spice. Also got to share a slice of sausage and caramelized onions with fresh motz pizza.  It was to die for!!  Paired them up with the Apricot Wheat, so what's not to like?   Stop by if u r in the area. U won't b disappointed!
On a day trip to Ithaca with my parents, I suggested visiting the Ithaca Beer Company. I love my parents, but after a full day with them, I was ready for a drink (there is a reason I relocated to Binghamton). Why not make it a *free* drink? Complete with a tour! And so off we went. The beer? Delicious, as I knew it would be. I was already a fan of Apricot Wheat and Cold Front, and I got to try everything else. The tour? Enjoyable. I learned a lot about the company and about the process of making beer. After sampling everything offered and becoming ever so slightly tipsy, we got two mixed cases; everyone had a different favorite.And the tipsyness facilitated interesting conversations with my mother.  When I got back to Binghamton that night, I had a 12 pack of fantastic beer, and memories of a decent day with my folks. Not too shabby.
Hit or miss.  Great burgers but terrible service.  Watched my burger sit under the heat lamp for five minutes before being picked up.  Soggy fries.  For a brewery I expected cold beer.  Not so.  Served luke warm.  Waiter shrugged his shoulders when I brought it to his attention.
We went on a Saturday to take advantage of the free beer tastings. But, at 3-4ounces per "taste," and with 7 or so beers on the menu, the designated drivers may want to use caution! The beer prices are reasonable - 1.50/beer, less for cases, $8/growlers ($5 rootbeer growlers!). And the beer is pretty good. I was especially a fan of the Apricot Ale (who isn't!?) a light ale with artificial apricot flavoring, and the Nut Brown, which was a heavy, chocolatey-tasting beer without being too "hoppy." I got a variety pack and brought it to a potluck -- it was a hit! Ask around and see if you can get a tour of the brewery -- they have a very small brewery, but the guide was entertaining and you could take a tasting glass of your favorite beverage to enjoy on the tour!
Always enjoyed Ithaca Beer Co. beer, especially the Partly Sunny, their summer seasonal beer. The nut brown, pilsner, and double IPA are also good ones to try. I recommend going down to the brewery for a tasting--weekdays are best if you can make it. I'll warn you now, it's not fancy, but you get to taste a lot of things not available in stores or in bottles. Also a good place to get a keg for your next rockin' house party.
I hate to give this place a bad review, because I used to love going to the Ithaca Beer when it was the small tasting room on Route 13. My husband and I went to Ithaca Beer for a tasting and lunch. We walked in and were immediately sat at our table.Water arrived on the table and the guy who brought them spilled water on our table, and walked away. Then here comes our less than impressive waitress. She was rude and pretentious. We order the Cheddar Ale Soup. It was bland although the croutons on the top were delish. There wasn't a lot of flavor, and the minced raw onions I could have done without. I ordered the White Pizza and my husband ordered the Gouda Burger. My pizza again was bland. My husband enjoyed his burger, but the fries were soggy, and under cooked. After lunch we ordered a flight, The Bright Flight. One of my glasses was cracked. The beer was bland as well, and the "Haze" beer smelled like urine. Between the sub par beer, food, and awful service I will never be back. Sorry Ithaca Beer Co. sometimes you shouldn't mess with a good thing.
One of my favorite brewery tours :)  Also one of my favorite breweries, great beer!  It doesnt look like much from outside but it's really outstanding! Free beer tastings after the tour too!
Purchased their local brew, intended it as a gift. However, did not taste good enough to give as a gift. Taste is a subjective thing, I was not a fan people working there were very nice, otherwise would have went 1 star based on beer taste.
Unreal! Love the beer. Buy it at your local NY state beer distributor if your outside Ithaca. Many places in NYC also sell bottles.
Finally, I am updating my review of IBC, first things first, why do all Ithacans shorten everything to initials? CTB (Collegetown bagels) IB, (Ithaca Bakery) and IBC (Ithaca Beer Co)? Cornell and Ithaca College students, am I missing any? Okay, on to my review. Mike, the friendly beer guy behind the counter at the bar inside the brewery is the coolest beer tender in the world. I live over 300 miles from Ithaca and whenever I walk in he remembers me. Very cool indeed! I love the Cascazilla, the flavor is full bodied, this amazingly amber beer would go great with a cheeseburger with lots of hearty whole grain mustard, lots of greasy fries drowned in Ketchup, and a huge dill pickle. The flavor will stand up to all the bold flavors and leave a nice refreshing flavor in your mouth. Here in Pittsburgh, Packs 'N Dogs carries Cascazilla and it goes great with their All Beef Weiner with hot chili, cheddar, and onions. Hoppy and Delicious! Flower Power IPA - What can I say? It's one of the cleanest, freshest tasting IPA's i've ever tasted. Crisp and refreshing, with a lime-grapefruit finish. This beer pairs amazingly well with a steak, salmon, anything with lots of garlic, and pizza. Speaking of garlic, try this beer with a white pizza loaded with garlic, olive oil, and lots of feta cheese. The flavors meld together like no other beer/food pairing that i've ever tasted. For the college students in Ithaca, next time you order a big platter of nachos have a Flower Power IPA with it.  Tropical, hoppy, and refreshing! Ithaca Pale Ale - A little drier than the Cascazilla, and less hoppy than Flower Power, this beer pairs well with pasta, especially with a heavy tomato sauce. Think of it as a merlot for beer lovers. Also good with sandwiches, for those of you that hit up The Hot truck or Louies Lunch after a late night study, grab a Pale Ale with those hot sandwiches. Partly Sunny Wheat - Not one of my favorite styles of beer, but I can drink Partly Sunny. Hints of lemon and coriander, this beer goes well with oily fish like salmon, tuna, and it excels with anchovy pizza from Northeast Pizza. It's been a little under a year since I've been to Ithaca NY, and I look forward to stopping in to see Mike, and bending my elbow as he gives me samples of the terrific IBC beers!
Great tour, they're building a new facility behind the current one. Free tour with free tastings of their offerings.  Bought the alphalpha from their excelsior series. Amazing beers across the board.  From the outside it looks like a strip mall but don't judge a book by its cover. Short yet informative tour. Worth the visit!
I've been to a ton of breweries in my day, some go all out (Stone Bistro) and others simply let their beers do the talking.  Ithaca Beer Co falls in the latter and they do it well. We missed out on the tour (guide was out to lunch) but we did spend a little bit in the tasting room sampling their wares.  DD & DW loved the fresh Root Beer and I went through the portfolio of fermented alcoholic beverages.   Left with 3 growlers (Apricot Wheat, Ground Break (currently only $5) and Flower Power, which is one of my top 5 favorite beers of all time)  Also bought a couple of bottles of Thirteen, which is their Anniversary beer for this year.  An awesome tasting wheatwine.  We also bought a 4 pack of Root beer & Ginger beer as part of grandpa's fathers day gift.  They both loved it. Will be going back to pick up a sixtel of Flower Power in a few months for sure.
They have a new building/brewing facility, offer tours, and now serve food (which I've heard great things about).  We plan on having dinner there soon.  I don't think the tastings are free anymore, but I'm sure the cost is minimal.  I just wanted to update this review so that it reflected the changes at IB
I hate to give this place a bad review because they have good food & beer, but they have awful service. We waited 20 minutes to get drinks at a table. It was very difficult to flag down a server. Must  be very poor management. We would never go back.
I love the flower power IPA.  Great atmosphere and great beer.
This is my 2nd time here, and although the 1st time was definitely better than the 2nd time, i'm confident the 3rd time will be by far the best.   Ithaca Brewing Co. is about one block from Buttermilk Falls State Park.  It is a small little place, but inside, is a comfortable feel with pub style tables where you can enjoy free tastings of 6 different kinds of Ithaca brew. IBC is in the process of moving to a bigger location.  So when I came here a few weeks ago, where there was once 6 different kinds of tastings, was reduced to only 2. But that is ok, because come October, IBC will be serving food, offer outdoor seatings, live bands, and outdoor drinking games in a big yard.   The employees there were all real cool and allowed you to hang out and continue tasting the beers.  They even have a chart that explains each different kind.  If you come here for a tasting, definitely follow the chart and go from light-dark kinds.   LIke what you taste? Support IBC and purchase some of its beer right there.  From 6 packs all the way to 1/2 kegs
After a long hike at Buttermilk Falls across the street from Ithaca Brewry, it's a must-see place. Who wouldn't want a cold beer after hiking up the Gorge Trail of the Buttermilk Falls ???? Even if we know what we always get .... Apricot flavor & ginger ale drink for me, we always try out the samples simply to quench our thirst from the hiking !!! The staff is really friendly, and would pour you enough to make you full !!!! We always get too full from samping !!!!
Nice beer but my God, the hospitality area is seriously lacking.  Ithaca, your beer is too good for the little bar area you have set up.  Have you ever visited Southern Tier Brewery and checked out The Empty Pint?  I think you'd be ashamed by comparison. Forget this sample stuff - set up a real bar and charge people by the pint.  Don't be afraid to add a very small but nice food menu. Make it comfortable please - I felt like I was drinking my sample in a pool store.  Make Ithaca Beer Co. a destination!
So my review is on the taproom food/service.  I won't pretend to know enough about beer to give a review.  It was kinda nice you could get a sampling of all the flavors. As for the restaurant/taproom, it was clean nice and hopping when I went.  Hard to converse, but hey its not a fancy sit down place. They do the menu right, real simple, burgers or pizza basically.  I have always said the best restaurants do very few things, but do them real real well. Well they did not do either of these things real real well.  It was good but not great.  The pizza we got was so completely average.  The burger was also average.  They use a grass fed beef which if you really like burgers will rarely ever cut it.  I'm not here to debate how horrible all the methane grass fed beef release into the environment is or how unsustainable the practice is in feeding the world.  Or the effects of hormones in grain finished beef or cow quality of life in a feed lot.  The fact is grass feed beef just doesn't make a good burger compared to a grain finished because of the fat content.  It has to be med-rare and cooked much slower to even have a chance of having tenderness and taste.  When they are trying to get 100s of people through I can see why this choice in beef fails in terms of taste.  I got an over cooked limited in taste piece of beef that was honestly probably cooked as well as it could have been considering the circumstances. The fries were fine, but they give you the tiniest bit of ketchup.  Is there some shortage I did not know about?  I asked for more and after like 5 minutes they came back with another cup with like 1 cm of ketchup at the bottom...  I had eaten the rest of my fries while waiting. We had a party of 8 and they brought out 6 dishes.  At first she said they would be right out... after a few minutes it was clear someone had messed up.  Then she came back and said they were making more fries and they would be right out.  Then she came out and said the kitchen forgot the order.  Then she said it would be 30 minutes since it was now at the back of the line again.  What?  She did say it would be free when they come, but apparently it was impossible to put a rush on two missing dishes... Maybe it was because we still had a good time there, but the place might have some potential if they get a few service and food quality issues fixed.
If you missed the big red sign on the side of the road, you might not even know it was there.  What a tragedy that would be.  Tucked back down a short gravel road, the Ithaca Beer company is a craft brewing operation with a great modern tap room with several tap selections including the popular and hoppy Cascazilla, Flower Power, and my favorite, Ground Break,  a farmhouse style saison ale. Bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly. The beer is fantastic and though we only tried the fries, they are my new favorite.  Wow, $5 for the fry flight gets you a massive basket of perfectly cooked fries in a rainbow of golden brown hues...even those that appeared way overdone were amazingly delicious.  Seasoned with just the right amount of sea salt and served with a trio of tasty dipping sauces including a carmelized onion balsamic aioli, a chipotle mayo and spicy ketchup...you'd have to go to Five Guys to get a heap of fries this big, and best of luck getting them to serve you a saison with them. The decor is modern with stainless steel, pendant lights, and a bar front designed with Ithaca beer caps, but surprisingly not uninviting. The tap room bar top is a really nice lacquered cement flecked with colors...very unusual.  The tap room is seat yourself,  very open and bright, with a large beer garden style patio that overlooks a lush green meadow.  Tables were well spread out, giving patrons plenty of space to enjoy a gorgeous day.  I could imagine a stage set up in the meadow, what an idyllic setting this would be for some live music to enjoy with your craft brew. You can buy various shirts, hats, glassware and other Ithaca Beer tchotchckees, all nicely designed.  You can also buy cases or six packs of every variety of beer.  A huge plate glass window into the brewery gives visitors a view of the gleaming stainless steel beer tanks.  Tours are available.   If you love beer, this is a fantastic spot for an afternoon or evening stop.  Just southwest of Ithaca downtown,  it is a quick drive from most area hotels.  Check it out.
A great experience. The new facility is top notch. My only complaint is that the acoustics need work. It's really loud for indoor dining when the place is busy. It seems they could add something to the ceiling to muffle some of the sound. But otherwise it's great. I live the fries! And the Flights.
This place was the perfect destination for good food, good service, good atmosphere, and most importantly, good beer. Can't wait to go back!
Went back and had the cheddar bacon burger. Honestly one of the best burgers I have had on the east coast. Cascazilla was drinkable, hop forward, slightly bitter but left me wanting for malt. Fries were stupendous as was the ketchup. The burger outperformed the beer at this establishment which is saying something considering this is an above average east coast brewery.
We did the tour, it was informative but not too long.  The bar/tasting room felt like a big hang out area, great to grab a beer and a bite to eat.  There is also a fire pit outside which makes for another chill hangout area as well.  Beer is great and the staff is friendly and passionate about what they do, check it out!!
Great local brewing company. They have free tastings and tours on the weekends.
The facility is pretty new and clean. They don't do free sampling anymore but the pub next to the factory itself is reasonably cheap and nice. The tour takes about 20 min and at the end of the tour, they do beer sampling which was also pretty interesting. I've definitely had better beers before but the overall experience made it worth the trip.
Tour was great. Beer is pretty good. Bar staff leaves room for improvement. Nice feel to the tasting room plus an outdoor seating area. Next time, I'll try the food.
Crazy good beer, especially their GroundBreak.  Friendly tours and great staff, I always have fun going here and only regret that I don't live closer!  Thankfully they do a good job with distribution and their beer is widely available, I could even find it some places in DC when I lived down there. Their rootbeer is also top notch.
Had a great lunch there today with a beer flight. The burger was fantastic!! One of the best I've ever had. The beer speaks for itself, but I feel they really make an effort to serve delicious, inventive, locally sourced food as well. Kudos! Will definitely be back.
Great pub in a town of great looking places. Well rounded craft beer menu, food menu (with vegetarian options!) and a peanut butter chocolate landslide thingy that is worth the price. Great fries too. When I get back to Ithaca, I'm going back.
The food is not all that great on most days... the drinks are OK... the service is terrible. The last time I was there, the waiter was snarky and unhelpful and the service was unreasonably slow. Worse than unhelpful, when we were dining in the beer garden and it started to rain, he actually took our umbrellas *away*. Because of this extremely poor service, I will not be going back.
My parents love stopping here for the free tastings and beer chat.  I don't actually drink beer - but I like the soda and I think they're great peoples.  Hubby really likes the Gorges Porter and the Cascazilla.   Just like everyone else, I would love to see them open a local brew pub!
They do beer tours here. Crafted beers and beer flight samplings. Service can be slow or sometimes non-existent. I've had hit and miss experiences here. Jury is still out if I like or not.
I went to Ithaca Brewery this past weekend and it was great.  The new building is impressive!  My friends and I hung out for almost 5 hours playing shuffle board and of course enjoying some beer. The favorite among us was Ground Break.   We ordered food as well.  The cheddar bacon cheese burger was terrific however the fries were really weak (soggy, little flavor).  The wood fired pizza with roasted red peppers and olive tapenade was good as well.  All of their pizzas are personal size.  My biggest complaint is that they close at 9p.
I finally made it to the Ithaca Beer Company, after years of trying to make it a point to check out this brewery, and even then, I had to make a u-turn once I noticed that I passed by their entrance off of the highway.  Even though I have enjoyed their beer before, I decided to have a flight of beers at their tap room, although I didn't have any of their food.  They will give you a choice of different flights of beer, and sitting at the bar, I was served quickly.  Of course, I enjoyed my beer, which included their Nut Brown Ale and an IPA.  I certainly would come back here.
