Easily the best wings I've ever had. The place is relatively obscure and is a bit dive-ish but don't let that deter you from experiencing this great wing joint.
I had the wings here.... I had the hot and the garlic Parmesan... They were ok, kind of mealy and chewy, nothing great.
I was not impressed! Ordered my wings well don't with hot sauce on the side - and they didn't do either! The Parmesan garlic powder tasted like it was just tossed on the fries and chicken, was def missing something. And the "boneless wings" and chicken fingers, not what we were expecting.
Well I have a complaint. We ordered 120 wings last night for our gathering through grub hub. We were supposed to get 6 flavors of wings and asked for them to be fried hard. When the wings got there they were not fried hard and we were missing a flavor (20 wings.) I called and let them know, they said sorry and they would get them right out. Mind you, it was late around 12:45. After 2 I called back, the manager had an attitude. I told him not to send them because I'd been waiting and it was not my home, I didn't want to sit there all night waiting. I informed him I would not order from there again, nor recommend anyone else to. I am angry that I paid for 120 wings and didn't not receive them all. I'm upset that Wings Over Ithaca didn't make it right, nor did they really try to. They will never again get my business.
Womp-womp. (Sad trombone.) We had high hopes for this place, because it's closer than B-Dubs. We found some items to order, and we placed our order online. That system wasn't too bad, but they really could set it up in a more understandable way. So, my husband picks up the food and brings it home. I've been craving wings all day, so this is my chance to try something new. We love heat, so bring it on! Garlic parmesan: Dry rub. Tasted strangely of rubber. Soggy despite being un-sauced. Red Alert: ...Isn't this supposed to be spicy? There are, what, five levels of spiciness? This is smack-dab in the middle, a good place to start to figure out just what they've got heat-wise. The answer is that they have nothing in terms of Scoville heat-scale heat. It's also drowning in sauce, so it's soggy. Cruisin' Altitude: ...Also drowning in sauce. Very little spice. Seven pepper: Well, again...somehow soggy despite being un-sauced. Not really spicy, even though they claim it's supposed to be. The only valid statement in their description is that they're not messy. They're just soggy. Waffle fries: The highlight of the entire meal. I love me some waffle fries. A bit on the greasy side, but still had good flavor, and they were still crisp. Regular fries: Meh. It's a bunch of fried pieces of potatoes, crinkle-cut. Mmmkay. A big ol' disappointment. The next time that I want wings, I'll consider B-Dubs, or at the very least, making our own.
This place is good for their lunch buffet. All you can eat boneless wings. Their boneless wings are chicken tenders, so not your normal "boneless wing" which I actually like. There's more chicken than breading and you get the actual chicken flavor even though there is not much flavor to chicken itself. During Fridays we come here for the lunch buffet which for that and a drink runs just shy of $11 which isn't bad. They usually have 4-5 kinds of wings, coleslaw, pasta salad, blue cheese and fries. The wings can be a bit too saucy sometimes which is one of the reasons why this gets knocked a star. Plus their sauces, while good, aren't great. Personally I like b-dubs slightly more but that's just personal preference. The inside reminds me of a bar. Just table and chairs, not much atmosphere which is fine. They have a few tv's in the place which is cool. The reason this get's knocked 2 stars is that I just don't like their traditional wings. They are always soggy with sauce instead of crispy. I don't know if just the last 2 times I got them they sat for a bit before being server or what but all I get is sauce and mush. I have to remember next time to get sauce on the side because they do pile on the sauce that much sometimes. Now this can be corrected by me just asking for a side next time so I will update this review later on but really, they shouldn't be drenching the wings in the sauce anyway. Too much is too much! Overall this place is A-OK and might be slightly above that and it is a place I will hit up for lunch again I am sure, but if it's a toss up between this and b-dubs, I am going to pick b-dubs especially on Tuesday for .60cent wing nights. Also, overall their prices are slightly higher than b-dubs I've noticed.
Pros: - Parking is plenty - Good selection of beer - Lots of room, although I imagine it could get packed. - Wings are quite juicy and the sauces are great. Cons: - Service wasn't too great. It was kind of order, pay, sit, get food, leave. There wasn't much help when I was trying to figure out what to order. The sides on the opposite wall of the ordering stand was a little confusing. I couldn't tell if it was up for grabs for anyone that ordered food, or you had to order a combo or something... - Tables don't get cleaned by the workers so a lot of the tables had trash or half eaten food left on it...
Great place to get wings. Lots of options for flavors, and at a great value. If you have a group you can get a combo which includes multiple flavors, in addition to fries and soda. My friend and I came here and got one of the smaller combos with two flavors - I believe he ordered garlic parmesan and Cajun teriyaki. Wings are very juicy and plenty of dipping sauce was provided. It came out to around $12 each, but we had so much wings and fries left over we had to take it home and finish it the next day, so it was definitely worth the money. They have plenty of TVs to watch sports so I imagine it would be fun to come here on a game day. My concern would be the cleanliness of the place. It doesn't really seem like they put much effort into it. When I arrived, there was an employee just sitting around watching TV in the dining area, and at least three people behind the counter, yet the used dishes were piled up in the corner next to the fountain drinks, and I noticed a lot of flies around it. They didn't clean it up at all my entire time I was there. Perhaps it would be best to just take these wings to go?
Straight-up rules-the-roost, man.  Beer.  Open late.  Great Wings (and other food.)  Delivers.  This may be my favorite hole-in-the-wall eatery in the world.
Very good wings when its good, but very mediocre when its not so good. All in all this place is quite inconsistent. One time I had delivery of very good wings and the other time they just threw all of the different flavors together and it mixed so everything tasted the same. Another time i went to the store and ate there and it was decent but very average, buffalo wild blows this place out of the water if you do Tues wing specials. This place does not really do that many promotions and wings are somewhat expensive.
Phenomenal wings - arguably some of the best I've had. Just ignore the quasi-UFC mystery MMA sport being shown on the TVs, the trashy Bud Light signs, the sticky tables and semi-broken chairs, and the abysmally long wait to actually get your food. In the end, it's all worth it. A B-17 Bomber (sixty wings, with up to six flavors) and two orders of cajun waffle fries was plenty to feed our table of five.  Admittedly, one of us was a vegetarian, and two others were light eaters... but still, even I left stuffed after dominating over twenty wings alone.   Kudos are deserved for the Cajun blackened and lemon pepper seasonings - they're served as rubs instead of sauces, which really let the crispiness of the wings shine through. While the overall experience is pretty meh, I can readily say that these wings handily rank in my top five.  Don't miss a trip here late at night with friends after a long day of sun, water, and booze.
This place is awesome.  College + Friends + Wings + Beer = Good times.   Ever since I graduated and moved to the west coast, I have been fantasizing about the giant, oversized wings they have here.  In California, we have apparently reversed our poultry knowledge so that the wings become super super small.  But not so at Wings Over Ithaca, where the wings are generously sized and flavored in a variety of well, flavors.   They also have wings eating contests.  I've spectated but never participated.   I went back over reunion and this place was just as good as I remembered.
The last two months I lived in the area, I found this place. I may have made up for not knowing about the boneless wings, because 6 years later, I finally got a chance to go back. And it was just as good as I remembered!!! I am a huge fan of the garlic parmesan, sweet chili, Cajun, and the teriyaki boneless all the way. I always have ordered as take out, and have not been disappointed.
Wow, what a hot piece of meat! I just wish I could say that about the tortilla that the wrap was enrobed in. Chad and I just had Buffalo Wraps. The insides were great but the tortilla was not heated up. It was still cold and stiff.  I wish it had been steamed a few seconds. It would have made the bread more supple so that it didn't rip like it did. The fries were great!
Garlic parm, red alert, honey mustard are the best combo! Go with hanger 2 and get all three!!! The best wings ever.
Start with honey mustard, transition to honey BBQ and finish with garlic parm
I think this is THE food that I miss the most from Ithaca/Cornell. These are hands down the best wings I've EVER had. They have boneless wings made from white meat that has never been frozen, and a plethora of different sauces and seasonings. My favorite is the Buffalo Wimpy and Mesquite. Plus.. in true NY style, they not only deliver, they deliver late night, which is perfect when you're up late studying your butt off so you can survive law school.
I only regret that I discovered this place late in my college career.  I seriously dream of these wings!  I go to their website regularly in the hopes of finding a location nearby.  I was so excited when they opened a location in NYC and cried a few months later when it closed. Visiting this place while on a trip back to Ithaca was the highlight of my vacation.  Oh boneless wings - how I've missed you!  Your juicy meat and your delicious flavor - we had many good times together and I hope others enjoy you as much as I did.
Didn't realize this place was actually a chain (wingsover.com) but they have by far some of the best wings I've ever had. I never deeply craved hot wings or any type of chicken wings, having eaten from a lot of wing places on the west coast, but this place helped me rediscover a whole new craving. The pieces of chicken are well sized and full of meat, seasoned and baked to perfection. The menu consists of a very extensive selection of wing flavors (24 sauces) and you can't go wrong with any. I've had the Garlic Parm, Cajun BBQ, Spicy Teriyaki, a few fusion flavors, and of course any of the hot wing sauces were great. Chicken wings can also be ordered boneless. If you sit down for waiter service, it's a bit slow but you can order takeout as well. The place itself has a bar vibe and a few tvs to it but with widespread seating. I'd recommend just getting your wings to go. Open late & they deliver.
This is about as good as it gets for Ithaca in terms of wings (although there's a new Buffalo Wild Wings, which is amazing, and Benchwarmers is always solid). The boneless is the way to go, it is amazing. Extra brownie points because this is the only place that delivers at late night and also has amazing quality wings. Way better than huge franchises like Wing Stop.
I am a fan of Wings over Ithaca.  We used to order regularly during my years at Cornell.  Our favorite flavors are garlic parmesan and honey mustard.  However, I have only ordered wings from them and they were always delivered. They also have great customer service! They sent us the wrong flavor once and they immediately deliver the right ones to us free of charge within 15 minutes.
Currently sitting and staring at an empty buffet with thirty minutes left before they close. We have been told that the food is on the way.... Still waiting. The one star is for the few French fries we did have. They were delicious but I'm still waiting. Also no ice in the drink machine. We won't be back.
I really don't like the wings here. I ordered wings from this place after going to a Cornell basketball game. The teriyaki flavored wings tasted like the bottled sauce found at a grocery store, just terrible. The buffalo flavors (especially the hotter ones) had a strong chili powder flavor that was really off putting. This is not to say they were spicy, its just to say they tasted like they had been dusted with chili powder, which in general isn't spicy. A few months ago, I tried this place one more time. This time I ordered their wings as delivery late at night. The wings arrived battered which made them very soggy once they were sitting in a car during the delivery process. So If you are going to this place eat the wings on site, they will be much crispier. I much prefer the wings that are fried without batter and let the skin get crispy. These last better during the delivery process The one advantage to this place is that they have a ton of flavors. Unfortunately, none of them are done very well. The garlic Parmesan is probably is the best because it didn't get soggy during the delivery process like the sauced varieties. If you have a craving for wings and its not quite late night, there are better places in the area. But If you must have wings late at night you're probably not all that picky, so this place will suffice for 1am cravings I guess. Overall I have had worse, but I am not impressed.
I love their boneless wings... so many different sauce flavors, so delicious... my personal favorites are Garlic Parmesan, Honey BBQ, and Buffalo. For most of my college career I ordered to go, which took like 30 minutes or so to deliver, but so worth it. Usually Wings ordering was a very social event, you'd order a whole bunch and eat them with your buddies/roommates. Dining in is fun too. Roomy place with a fireplace and lots of big screen TVs. Great place to watch sports live with friends, fans, and beer. Also fun to get late night food after Cornell's Men's Bball team wins and scores 80 points - giving everyone in the audience free wings!!!
Their wings are pretty good. Makes very very good junk food I would say.  I especially love their Garlic Parmesan  and honey mustard. NOMS!
These were the  best wings I had during my 5 years in the States. My favourites where Cajun BBQ and Garlic Parm. Their delivery is pretty convenient, but I usually preferred dining in, especially after 2am. This place is definitely in my list of the 10 things I miss the most from the US.
you will NEVER find wings better than these!!  i seriously dream about the garlic parmesan wings.   i've been to tons of wings places after this and nothing comes close.  not even a little.
How the heck does everyone love this place? It sucks plain and simple. I don't like biting into a pile of salty gristle. Seriously, all gristle. Fries are soggy. Onion rings, ok. Plus they have the worst customer service. We ordered from here because the people we were with had no tastebuds or something. They sent the wrong flavor and refused to bring us new ones because my husband had taken a bit out of one to check the flavor.  The slip matched what we had ordered and not what they delievered and still the implied that I attempting to coerce them out of free fried chicken fat.
I adore Wings Over Ithaca. It opened about halfway through my college career, and I love their Afterburner boneless wings. I must've had boned wings from them at some point, but I fell so much in love with the boneless wings that I pretty much ordered them exclusively. They are juicy with the perfect amount of sauce on them, and are made with white meat. Honey BBQ is another favorite flavor of mine! I also really enjoy their onion rings. Whenever I go back to Ithaca I try to fit in a trip here. I just went again this weekend and they're still doing it right!
I once again thank Yelp for finding me a gem. We were visiting Cornell and wanted wings. The reviews not only identified this as the place to go, but also alerted me to how hard it was to find in the mall. Wings were great as we're the waffle fries. Highly recommend .
The Afterburner Wings are really enjoyable and hot.  My second favorite were the citrus chipotle BBQ.
Great wings. I never eat in, I always get delivery and the delivery is generally FAST. I was really hot on the Golden BBQ sauce for a while, but now I'm digging Garlic Parmesan and Spicy Teriyaki. Their buffalo style sauces - they have 5 - are INSANE. I typically order "medium" wherever I am, but I don't like anything hotter than the most mild here. They get real hot, real fast. Now, as I said, I love the *wings* here. They are big and tasty. I generally avoid "boneless wings" because, well, that's just silly. But let me say, the boneless wings here are a cut above your average chicken tender. Unbelievably moist and succulent. May make a convert out of the most devout wing lover.
Hidden in the corner of the mall so look carefully.  Wings were fine but I really could feel my arteries clogging.  Gotta eat healthier but if you have too, the buffalo wings are good.  Don't go with the bells and whistles of getting boneless or honey mustard flavors.  We tried those.  Stick to the basics and you will be fine.  Definitely a college kid type restaurant.  What else are you going to do here?
I love Wings over Ithaca and I haven't come across anyone who does not share my sentiments. My favorite are the boneless wings with barbecue sauce. On the other hand everyone also knows that their food is bad for you in so many different levels. Not only is their food fattening but I'm sure with every wing your risk of having a heart attack increases by 1%. I may have exaggerated but you get my point.
I'm not a big chicken wing fan, but Wings Over Ithaca never disappoints.   I'm probably odd in that I've never ordered delivery f, but instead choose to eat my wings in-store--when they're most hot and tasty. Menu:  In regards to the menu, there's a whole lot of wing sauce options, some waffle fries, a chicken sandwich, and not much else.  That's fine.  I'm not headed to this place for a four-course meal, but instead to eat, drink, and socialize with friends.  I'm contented. Ambiance:  Wings Over Ithaca won't win an award for interior design or comfort.  The tables and chairs are a bit uncomfortable and the other decor isn't warm or inviting.  The TVs are adequate, but since they're attached to the ceiling, you have to crane your neck a bit.  A 1uieter alternative to the sports bar, if that isn't your scene. Service:  No complaints.  Attentive enough.  Reasonably quick. Beer:  This place serves beer, from bottles and cans (I believe).  I can't really remember what beers they offer, because we always purchase the Pabst cans for something like $2 or $2.50 each. Definitely enjoy this place.
My husband and I love Wings over Ithaca.  Their wings are great and they have many options for sauce.  Sadly, they have stopped carrying my favorite, the cilantro lime.  We live pretty close to the East Hill Plaza, and Wings always delivers FAST.  I don't think we've ever had to wait more than half an hour. Love their waffle fries too!
one of my late night faves, love their honey BBQ sauce. One complaint is that they never seem to deliver it as if it's wings with SAUCE. Most of the time, the delivery boy holds it upside down or wrong side up, so I end up getting it with sauce all over the bag that it came in. Really gross and hard to attack....
My favorite wing place in Ithaca
Awesome, awesome, awesome. Could not be beaten six years ago and you still can't beat it to this day. The juiciness of the chicken, the crispiness of the breading, the variety of the sauces, the cut of the fries (crinkle-cut to maximize surface area and thus grease absorption), all of it. Perfect, right down to their blue cheese...they've got a private label on it, so who knows who they source it from? I wish I did. Yeah they went through that identity crisis a couple years ago where the name changed and no one knew what would come of it, but they've emerged older and wiser, and their food is as good as ever.   Note to transplanted Ithaca natives, Cornell alums, and other Wings lovers - the food is JUST as good at other locations. I recently discovered Wings Over DC and it was like...wow. They like to open up in college towns...it makes sense...
Thanks to the reviewers of "Wings", we've had the pleasure of trying  "apparently" the best wings from Ithaca. When we visited the palce in July, the place was pretty empty probably due to the exodus of students out of the school area. Following the advice from the below yelpers, tried out the "Garlic parm & spicy teriyaki".  Among the two, preferred the garlic parm. Spicy teriyaki was way too "salty" for us .... just too much sauce. We should have tried other flavors as well ... since the above two didn't score much .... so, for now, it's only two stars.
I love their garlic parm boneless wings, they also have great burgers and fries. I love their low delivery minimums and you can order food until like 2 am. Ive never had any bad experiences with wings and their cook Justin makes the best food! Wings is conveniently located right at East Hill Plaza and they have an eat in dining room with tvs so you can watch the game.
Way over-rated, but not bad. The chicken was good, the sauce was nice, but the fries were really bland and the blue cheese was only so so. The worst part though was it got delivered with just an upside down styrofoam container, meaning not only was the sauce all over the inside of the bag, but there wasn't any celery, salt and pepper to fix the fries and, unforgivable for a wing place, no napkins?! Oh we'll, at least they deliver late.
The best thing about Wings Over Ithaca (besides the tasty food) is the super-fast delivery!  I've been ordering from them about once per week now for three months and all have been delivered hot and quick. Food to your door in only 30 minutes in this small town??...perfect!
I wonder how many of these reviews are from people who've visited this hole in the wall.  It's nice that they have a good selection of sauces, but they dredge their wings in flour and the oil ends ups having a burnt taste to it.    Crinkly cut fries??   Ask pretty much anyone local who really knows their wings and they will point you to Napoli's-- they pressure fry their wings. $12 for a pound of wings??? Geez, at BRIX in Cortland you can get a pint of beer AND a pound of wings for $5 on Monday nights.  For $12, you can get 20 wings AND a pitcher of beer at the Plantation, just 3 miles from downtown Ithaca.  The Dryden Hotel has better and cheaper wings(and a much nicer place).  Shop around folks.
Wings Over Ithaca has gone downhill. The quality of the food is very inconsistent now. The wings tend to be sort of bland, soggy, not crispy. Most of the flavors are really not good--fake and MSG-tasting. The exceptions are the buffalo flavor and the blackened cajun flavor. But even these more palatable flavors are somewhat bland--not enough flavoring and sauce. And the chicken itself is sometimes dry and the skin is soggy. They should be more generous when coating the wings with flavor. Make sure to be very clear when ordering because the staff sometimes mess up orders.
I ordered wings with parmesan garlic sauce, but was rather delivered with hot sauce, in an open container that spilled all the red sauces on my water bottles that I ordered along with. I also asked for extra napkins, but was never given any napkin without any explanation. Even the delivery guy is rude and lacking a proper manner. Poor service. Don't order there.
For those who say these are the best wings ever you need to try some more places. Average wings all around.  Unless you are late for their lunch buffet and get stuck with the leftover wing peices no one else wanted, then it goes down to one star.  Why do they never refill those?
Tasty wings in a variety of sauces and temperatures. I wish they'd offer a salad featuring the boneless wings, though!
I was in here last weekend and although the atmosphere is a little to open for my liking, the place was clean and the flat screens with sports was a nice touch.  The waitress was friendly and explained a few of the popular sauces to us.  Onion rings were cooked perfectly, and the bonless and regular wings were very good.  They could have been a little more crispy but that is my personal taste.  You must try the Blackenned Cajun!  They were nice and crispy as they grill them a bit.  Good service and I would go back again.
Their staple is the garlic parm boneless wings, as every review says.  It is seriously the best ever.  And the fries are good, too.  Wings over Ithaca is just awesomeness enrobed in more awesomeness encased in wing form.  Must try!!
Definitely some of the best wings I've ever had. Good quality chicken, good fries, good flavors for the wings and good ambiance (sports/group oriented).
Their wings are pretty good. Makes very very good junk food I would say.  I especially love their Garlic Parmesan  and honey mustard. NOMS!
you will NEVER find wings better than these!!  i seriously dream about the garlic parmesan wings.   i've been to tons of wings places after this and nothing comes close.  not even a little.
I adore Wings Over Ithaca. It opened about halfway through my college career, and I love their Afterburner boneless wings. I must've had boned wings from them at some point, but I fell so much in love with the boneless wings that I pretty much ordered them exclusively. They are juicy with the perfect amount of sauce on them, and are made with white meat. Honey BBQ is another favorite flavor of mine! I also really enjoy their onion rings. Whenever I go back to Ithaca I try to fit in a trip here. I just went again this weekend and they're still doing it right!
The Afterburner Wings are really enjoyable and hot.  My second favorite were the citrus chipotle BBQ.
Hidden in the corner of the mall so look carefully.  Wings were fine but I really could feel my arteries clogging.  Gotta eat healthier but if you have too, the buffalo wings are good.  Don't go with the bells and whistles of getting boneless or honey mustard flavors.  We tried those.  Stick to the basics and you will be fine.  Definitely a college kid type restaurant.  What else are you going to do here?
I love Wings over Ithaca and I haven't come across anyone who does not share my sentiments. My favorite are the boneless wings with barbecue sauce. On the other hand everyone also knows that their food is bad for you in so many different levels. Not only is their food fattening but I'm sure with every wing your risk of having a heart attack increases by 1%. I may have exaggerated but you get my point.
My husband and I love Wings over Ithaca.  Their wings are great and they have many options for sauce.  Sadly, they have stopped carrying my favorite, the cilantro lime.  We live pretty close to the East Hill Plaza, and Wings always delivers FAST.  I don't think we've ever had to wait more than half an hour. Love their waffle fries too!
My favorite wing place in Ithaca
Thanks to the reviewers of "Wings", we've had the pleasure of trying  "apparently" the best wings from Ithaca. When we visited the palce in July, the place was pretty empty probably due to the exodus of students out of the school area. Following the advice from the below yelpers, tried out the "Garlic parm & spicy teriyaki".  Among the two, preferred the garlic parm. Spicy teriyaki was way too "salty" for us .... just too much sauce. We should have tried other flavors as well ... since the above two didn't score much .... so, for now, it's only two stars.
Way over-rated, but not bad. The chicken was good, the sauce was nice, but the fries were really bland and the blue cheese was only so so. The worst part though was it got delivered with just an upside down styrofoam container, meaning not only was the sauce all over the inside of the bag, but there wasn't any celery, salt and pepper to fix the fries and, unforgivable for a wing place, no napkins?! Oh we'll, at least they deliver late.
Wings Over Ithaca has gone downhill. The quality of the food is very inconsistent now. The wings tend to be sort of bland, soggy, not crispy. Most of the flavors are really not good--fake and MSG-tasting. The exceptions are the buffalo flavor and the blackened cajun flavor. But even these more palatable flavors are somewhat bland--not enough flavoring and sauce. And the chicken itself is sometimes dry and the skin is soggy. They should be more generous when coating the wings with flavor. Make sure to be very clear when ordering because the staff sometimes mess up orders.
