Louie's is an amazing place. their double bacon cheeseburgers and cajun fries are among the best hands down.  their cashiers are nice, and it is open until late :D. if you are down after a prelim, this is the best way to get of up from that. highly recommend 5 stars!
Louie's Lunch is a staple in the Cornellian diet. This janky looking red truck across the street from the lair of the archies (aka Risley) comes with a cute doggie to pet outside while you wait for your food. Get the cajun fries, the double bacon cheeseburger, the mavin, or chicken parm. My wife and kids is also amazing for a breakfast sandwich. Also, it may sound really cool to be THAT guy and get the "XXX" hot sauce and try to be really manly as you crush it, the tears and the agony on the toilet afterwards is probably not worth the agony (*challenge accepted*). Miss this place...
I had such high hopes for this place. I was walking around Cornell and always wanted to try one of the food trucks. I ended up finding this one, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I was totally in the mood for a grilled cheese, so I ordered it. When I got it, however, the bread was REALLY burned. Like, the bread was completely black. But I mean, the cheese was good, I guess. I could have done a better job myself. However, I give this place two stars, because 1) the guys working the truck were really friendly. 2) I'd be willing to try another food item from this truck. Maybe grilled cheese just isn't their thing.
Man do I miss Louie's! I used to live in Balch and would always come here for a Friday lunch or a late-night snack. Be sure to try the cajun fries and double cheeseburger with bacon. All the shakes are great too but the peanut butter one is exceptional :)
I used to live in the house right in front of/behind (?) Louie's, and so I'd stop over anytime I needed some fries.  They have the best, crispy fries everrrrrrrrrr.  Love them.  Louie's used to be on my speed-dial. I used to get their subs for dinner on almost a weekly basis.  HOLY CRAP I ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT THAT UNTIL I WROTE THIS!!!!  Sigh, those were some good times.  Any sub + fries + milkshake = PERFECTION.  I recommend the peanut butter shake.  Unless you're allergic.  Then go with the classic vanilla.  Can't go wrong with that.  Unless you're lactose intolerant, but so am I - I just suck it up and bear with the pain because it's *that* worth it. And Louie's is great because it's open during daylight AND twilight hours, so you can satisfy your cravings at any hour of the day, not just at post-boozin night-times.
I'm cravin the maven!  Formerly a secret menu item: a sub with chicken strips, buffalo sauce, melted cheese, bleu cheese dressing, BBQ sauce, lettuce, and tomato. The Natewich: bagel, fried egg, turkey, cheese, mayo, tomato. All the milkshakes rock.  They can easily mix and match flavors, so go nuts. Call ahead, if you can.  If they don't pick up, there's probably an atrociously long line, so man it up and walk down there.
I like their Philly steak, milk shake. And it's really a convenient place to get food for North campus. And it's nice they open during the day for lunch too. just the chef was mean to me and my friend once... and it's always a long wait for food...
I always look forward to coming here when I run out of food in my room but think it's a little expensive for their subs which have literally only 4 to 5 small pieces of meat inside the bread. (A sub is about $7) So, I started getting their chicken fingers with a mix of bbq and hot sauce instead since I can skip the bread and have more meat while saving $2. The cajun fries are a little soggy but I still like them. Their milkshakes are so good, I definitely recommend them. A small is more than enough for me and only $3 or so.
MILKSHAKES: I used to ask them to combine the chocolate and peanut butter = Reese's Peanut Butter flavor. Divnie. BURGER: The best veggie burger (with all the trimmings and fluffy bun) I had ever found in Ithaca... though sometimes the mushroom texture reminded me of real meat. GRILLED CHEESE: Must eat quickly before the foil traps the moisture and makes the crispy grilled bread go soft. Quite yummy. SERVICE: Always friendly, all the time. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION:... but even when that wasn't the selling point, I'd drive to it. Call-ahead option helped. LIke the t-shirts say: "Doin' it in a truck since 19XX"
Man oh man, I have definitely enjoyed my experiences at Louie's. First visit was during freshman orientation and since then I've decided my favorites are: Peanut butter/chocolate ice cream milkshake Buffalo chicken sub (I'm scared to try XXX, but get it as hot as you can stand) Grilled ham and cheese on wheat with hot apple cider (YES) Not sure you can really go wrong with much of anything here. It's good for drunk food, good for when you forget dinner, and good for when you're in between performances at Risley and Nasties is too far (and so subpar in comparison). But eat it sparingly or you'll have a heart attack.
Being one of two grease trucks in Ithaca, you can't really expect much. Although the food is delicious and great for late night food it's definitely not the best I've ever had.  I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to grab something for lunch or dinner.  The place does have a pretty big selection and the employees are super nice! 3 stars for good food and quick friendly service. I suggest sticking to the non fried foods (besides the Cajun fries!) and get their burgers, phillies, or burger subs.
Ron runs the *best* lunch-truck on Cornell Campus. Good comfort food, super-nice staff, (full disclosure: Louie's has employed several dorm-mates & friends over the years), *great* late hours, convenient location. Hot-Truck ain't got nothing on Louie's Lunch.
The best food truck on campus. The cajun fries are a MUST. Good hamburgers, good cheesesteaks, good hot dogs. Not necessarily so good for the health--- but luckily, Helen Newman gym is right next door!
Philly Cheese Steak, Chicken Parm, Cajun Fries, Hot sausage parm... I can go on but you get the idea.  All the Louie's girls are friendly and hot and truly don't get enough tips for the amount of work they actually do on a busy Friday night (I would know, I go out with one of them).  The owner, Ron is really friendly if you get to know him. Not sure of what to get?  Ask and you won't be disappointed..
We eat only one thing there - Cajun Fries .. actually 2 things with smoothies.   I can't comment much about the burgers and other things they offer, but man those cajun fries alone makes me give them 5 stars!
Best late night food. Been here many times. Central location. + Good food + cheap Prices + Pretty Fast and Reliable Try: Maven, double cheeseburger, philly steak, and any of the ice cream shakes.
Sometimes, when I was a freshman, I used to go to Louie's twice a day. They sell all kinds of delicious deep-fried crap that will make you gain a ton of weight and probably will take years off of your life. Everyone acts like Louie's and Hot Truck have this sort of east coast/west coast rivalry thing going on. It's not really the case. I mean first of all their menus overlap by like one item, and even then it's not really a similar item (Louie's "pizza sub" is nothing like a Hot Truck sub). Also freshmen rarely can find the hot truck and anyone who isn't a freshman doesn't really have a reason to be up by Risley. So the two coexist pretty peacefully. So onto the food. Louie's makes a mean hot sub, that's for sure. Chicken parm is the classic, it can't really get much better than how they do it. The meatball parm is great as well. The burgers are quite good (I like adding fried eggs to things, this makes a burger a Bo burger). Also try the buffalo wing sub, but please don't get the XXX sauce. Their fries are great and go well with everything, and, yes, the peanut butter milkshakes are indeed the best. Also my personal favorite was the monster pizza sub, which is a shell of what was at some point bread filled with about everything you can think of bound together with a ton of cheese. Delicious.
My husband and I graduated from Cornell 12 years ago, and moved away from Ithaca, but occasionally one of us will still say, "I could really go for a half-buf R," or "A Tully burger would really hit the spot right now!" We miss Louie's!
I get the cheeseburger to fill my stomach (its fine - very standard cheeseburger, usually a bit overdone, inexpensive as such a cheeseburger should be). However, the main reason why this fine truck warrants five stars are their delicious french fries, which must have a secret ingredient (crack-cocaine? tears of angels?) to make them as tasty as they are. I prefer them plain, which bring out their flavor, although Cajun Fries are good too (the ones with the hot sauce are kind of nasty - the sauce is way too vinegar-y to be able to finish the whole bag). I've heard their shakes are good too.
Aside from their chicken parm, get their maven and their chai tea milkshake. Seriously. It's heaven in a drink. Get anything in a XXX sauce, and you'll thank me later as you breathe fire. You seriously will combust if you put the XXX sauce on them Cajun fries. Awesome.
Vanilla / Chocolate.  Batman / Superman.  Coke / Sprite.  Louie's Lunch / Hot Truck.  The presence of a choice does predispose a superior choice. That being said, there's something uncanny about the xxx buffalo chicken sub at  Louie's Lunch; there may be nothing spicier known to mankind.
Great food at great prices. Pretty fast service . Try their pizza subs
try the meatball parm sub at louie's lunch and then tell me it doesn't deserve at least four stars. it's only about a dollar extra to get the whole size (12") rather than the half (8") but even back then i knew how to practice moderation. because getting the whole and planning on eating half for lunch and half for dinner would not have ever gone according to plan.
mmmm cajun fries.
Great place for a midnight snack
Good subs, the Philly cheese steak is a little unorthodox. The Maven is a must-have. The special fries are extremely spicy, but tasty. Definitely a go-to for general late-night food.
had like 2 chilli cheese fries everyday when i was a freshman. made me gain like 20 pounds in 2 months.... FML
