Vegan/vegetarian and gluten free menu available upon request. I had the Tuscan bean dip (perfectly seasoned and not a bit oily), minestrone soup (generous chunks of fresh vegetables in a rich tomato sauce), and Arugala tomato salad; all vegan items were amazing. My father had the island salmon and said it was one of the best meals ever. Bread comes with the meals. My mother loved the pear and caramelized onion pizza, but said would opt for the non-charred/softer crust if she could choose again. Despite being extremely busy, we were seated immediately and our service was prompt, efficient, and friendly. The place was clean and bathrooms well equipped. I have nothing but positive things to say. My family was passing through while visiting from out of state and this was the best meal we had on our trip. Well done!
When we arrived on a Saturday night, there were quick a few people waiting. They told us that the wait time will be approximately 35 minutes, came out to be ~15 minutes. We ordered the glazed calamari salad, chicken pizza, polenta fries. Appetizers came out after 10 minutes, and the pizza came after 15 minutes. Bread: Tiny little basket of bread with olive oil mixed with rosemary and red peppers, they don't give you butter, balsamic unless you requested. Service: average. seems busy. One waitress ran up to my rable and took away my unfinished salad, I was extremely confused and I said I am still working on it. Taste: average Italian food.
My husband and I visited around 5:30 pm on a weeknight.  The restaurant was pretty quiet when we arrived but was full by the time we left.  The food was very good and the price was average for this type of a restaurant in Ithaca.  The bread and dipping oil is always a nice 'free' touch to start the meal.   The building both inside and out were very clean.   The lighting is low and the noise level was quiet enough to not interfere with conversation at the table. The pasta dishes we had (Fettuccine Alfredo & Chicken parm) were very good and more than we could eat.  We also had house salads which come dressed with a basic oil and vinegar type dressing. We did not have dessert but the menu offered a number of tasty sounding options.   Overall a nice meal.  We will definitely return.
Very dark ambiance, even on a sunny afternoon. Service was fine, but pizza lacking taste and toppings. Looks and tastes like a very average commercial restaurant... It is not worth a detour.
After being a semi-regular customer,  we took several months off from patronizing.   We went last weekend.   The kids have been spoiled by a competitors pizza so they didn't finish their meals as they no longer liked the bland sauce and cheese.  Salads and pizzas for the adults were good, but not the best in the area.   They tend too use to much salt.
Location and decor - 4 stars.  Friendly staff and great service - 5 stars.  The food...hmmm good enough for a college town - 3 stars.
Had a good lunch with a colleague.  Portions are big and the food is decent.  Had a chicken sandwich with fries which were very good.  My friend had a stuffed pizza which was way too large for one person.  He ate half.  Service was fine.  Solid place.
Food is OK, atmosphere is a little on the cheap side.  I don't understand why a local establishment would try to emulate a chain restaurant with their decor and atmosphere.  It just felt so manufactured, like I was in an old Olive Garden that hadn't been modernized. As for the food, not bad, but not but not great either.  In fact, for me, my house salad was more enjoyable and memorable than the pizza I had.  My dining partner did state that there was too much dressing on her salad which saturated the lettuce and made it quite soggy.  I've had far better wood fired pizza, Ciao's is average at best.   This place seems to be a big hit with the AARP crowd, as the 55+ bracket made up 70-80% of the customers.
Lobster ravioli was delicious Salmon was great Nice atmosphere, great music, friendly staff. One of my fav places in Ithaca.
I came here after doing some shopping at Target nearby. Since I came alone, I was able to just sit at the bar and get served immediately instead of waiting between the two parties waiting to get seated for lunch. I ordered the chicken parmesan, which goes over spaghetti. Food here is really affordable- my order was only $9 before tax and tip, which is a lot lower than I normally pay at other Italian places. The chicken itself was thoroughly cooked but not dry, and went well with the spaghetti. There was a lot more cheese than I expected though, and it was all melted together so I had to get through it to get to the rest of the food, which made it a bit messy. The place has a fancy atmosphere but it's a pretty casual place. I had a good experience with the wait staff here - the bartender was the one who took my order since I sat at the bar and he made sure I had everything I needed for my meal despite having a bunch of drink orders to fill. The waitress who brought my food also checked in on me to see how I was enjoying things. Overall it was a good dining experience and will probably try to come here again to check out the pizza.
Good atmosphere except loud noise level. Not handicap friendly. Always a 10-30 minute wait in eve. Pizza is always charred unless you ask for a light bake. I've been here 15+ times as others love to go. I don't care for this style pizza as I like lots of cheese. Chicken Marsala: chicken was very dry as if it had been cooked the day before and reheated. Sauce was good. Lobster Ravioli was creamy with an American cheese flavor. Rather bland in need of seasoning and couldn't taste the lobster. The bread and seasoned oil were tasty. Caesar Salad good.   Today service was excellent except not handicap friendly. At least 10 staff saw me struggling with an elderly person with cane to get in and out the doors and to table. No staff offered assistance. Not even holding door open on way in or out or pulling out a chair. We thought chivalry was dead until a non employee 14 yr old held open the second door after the male, white-haired host had said good night and just watched us  struggle with first door.  Bar and wait staff excellent.
Good traditional Italian food. The pizza isn't spectacular and really shouldn't be the staple of the menu, but their appetizers and other entrees are very good. It's been busy every tie I've gone, this can be attributed to the lack of good Italian options in Ithaca, and no good chain restaurants like Olive Garden or Carrabbas.
On the surface, Ciao looks like it might be closer to a chain restaurant than a good local restaurant. By "chain" I mean Olive Garden-style over-buttered and over-oily food cooked in boil bags. Not so at all! The service is really friendly and the good was fantastic. We ordered a calamari and zucchini appetizer which was awesome--the sauces they send out with it are really excellent. We then ordered eggplant, a gluten-free pizza, and a stromboli. I'd say all of them were great, and obviously freshly cooked. As I said, there is a gluten-free option for pizza crusts, and you can also order any of their pasta dishes with gluten-free penne. I'd say their tomato sauces are what really make the dishes good--I can't speak for any of the cream sauces they might offer. If you go in for the lunch specials, the prices are also very reasonable.
We had Margherita pizza, gnocchi with vodka sauce and the rigatoni.  Everything was delicious and our server Andrew was excellent.  We will definitely be going back soon.
I would be giving Ciao five stars but I'm averaging my score with the opinion of my company last night.  Service, seating, food, everything was awesome! Sunday pasta night! $10 for salad, pasta, choice of sauce, choice of meat (they substituted broccoli for me, perfectly cooked!) the meal comes with bread and a delicious flavored oil. Pasta was cooked to perfection and they left a bowl of grated Parmesan on our table for the pasta! I love this! I get to add cheese throughout the meal as I see fit? Yum. Got the limoncello marscapone cake for dessert to take home... What a dream! (Pretty pricey though at $7.50 a slice... Would expect a bigger piece, but it was delicious!)
For those following the paleo/primal way, it doesn't get better than this. I had the wood broiled chicken wings as an appetizer to start off with. For the entree I had the baked salmon which is most delicious. The desserts and wine list looked pretty good to me although I didn't order anything from there.
Go to place in Northeast Ithaca for a wood fired margherita pizza! There seems to always be a crowd and long waits on the weekend. It's also very loud inside and hard to hear your company speak. I recommend getting your pizza to go!
Very underwhelming. I wouldn't recommend unless you are looking for a way to pull off a cheap dinner date, and even then... you'd be better off cooking at home. By far not the best Italian food you'll have, but for the price I guess its pretty decent. Entrees are priced around $12 each, and vary in quality. They seem to do a better chicken or eggplant parm than they do a shrimp scampi. The pizza looked fine, if you're into thin crust. The ambiance is awful, from the layout and decor to the music and lighting. Service was alright but cold, ultimately contributing to the overall Olive Garden vibe. The food and atmosphere at this place leave lots of room for improvement. If you're in the mood for Italian, I would skip this place and pay the little extra to eat at Zaza's.
I have been very impressed with this restaurant. It offers solid, fresh Italian cuisine at very reasonable prices. Inside decor is presentable and efficient - I would agree it seems like a "chain restaurant," but I would not hold this against it. Service is friendly and efficient - I would say that each time I've gone I've had a much better experience at Zaza's, which has a tacky decor, is more expensive for the same quality food, and has a ruder waitstaff. Selection of pastas and pizzas are fairly inspired - has standard items, and a couple unique things. Portions are good, especially for the money. All in all, Ciao's is my favorite Italian restaurant in Ithaca - I have high standards, coming from Manhattan, and Ciao meets them.
I have often been baffled by  how Ciao is considered a crown jewel of the city by locals.  The food is undeniably good. But nowhere near superb. Ciao puts me in the mind of Olive Garden, at best. It does not remind me of an authentic Italian restaurant like those you find in New York and Philadelphia. Perhaps that expectation is too high for a smaller city, but when I see 5 star reviews and hear everyone recommend a restaurant that is what I expected. Ciao's servers are nice, the food is good the drinks are tasty. The decor is nice and the ambiance is friendly. However, no superlatives come to mind when describing any part of my Ciao experiences. I have tried the restaurant on 4 different occasions, ordering something different each time, in hopes of finding the magical combination that would convert me into a Ciao enthusiast. Unfortunately, that day has not yet arrived. I would recommend ciao to those in the area who do not want to travel far and are not looking for an extraordinary dining experience, but rather are looking for an enjoyable break in the day.
This place rocks! But I have to admit that once inside, it looks like a chain restaurant, so much so that I asked the waitress. She assured me it was not a chain. Okay, onto the food... Myself and smart Godson of Joe who attends Cornell, were looking for a place to relax after a day of hiking Around Ithaca and he wanted Italian food. So I grabs my trusty smart phone with the Yelp app and Ciao pops up. I notice it has a brick oven, So he pointed the way to triphammer road and off we went. Looking over the menu there are lots of paninis, pasta dishes, proteins, and pizza. The Godson wanted pizza so I ordered us a pizza With fresh tomato, buffalo mozzarella, and fresh basil. We also had side salads and house wine. The pizza was perfect for two hungry guys, the sauce was simply crushed tomatoes, garlic, crushed red pepper, and olive oil. The cheese was the richest buffalo's milk mozzarella I've ever had. It would have been a Shame to spoil this deliciousness with other toppings, as the basil was all it needed. There is no other way to cook pizza crust, the brick oven is the only way to do it This place is a winner. I hope to be back! A bit pricy, one pizza, two side salads and two glasses of wine each and the bill was 53 bucks. With tip it was 65.
This restaurant has become a family favorite, and clearly we're not the only ones who are really enjoying this place. I just brought my grandmother here for her birthday dinner last night and the place was packed. We were still seated quickly though and service for the entire night was really fantastic. Anyway, we started off with the calamari fritti and zucchini, and the dish was delicious. I order my personal favorite dish on the menu, the linguine with red clam sauce, for dinner. My grandmother and mother, on the other hand, split one of the wood-fired pizzas. Considering the number of people in the restaurant especially, the food was served promptly...and it was all cooked perfectly. The ambiance is comfortable, even if some people here on Yelp have mentioned they think it looks like a chain restaurant inside. I can't say that was ever my first thought when visiting...I just consider it a nice, casual place to go when you're looking for something a bit classier in style than what you may find in college-town or whatnot. Take the time to visit Ciao for a great meal and you won't be sorry. By the way, the Limoncello Marscapone Cake is scrumptious and I would totally recommend it - ya know, assuming you have any room for dessert by the time you've made it through your meal. :)
I've been here twice and the pizza is definitely the star (and worth 4 stars). They have the best pizza in Ithaca and the worst calamari. The pizza is pretty big so 2 can split an appetizer and a pizza and be stuffed. The wine menu is really well priced and has plenty of good choices. The service...is underwhelming. The wait staff is nice enough and one of our waitresses was really nice, but they just don't have it together yet. I think the service has to be taken up a few notches to match the atmosphere they're trying to create (which is a dressed up version of a olive garden. Very strange, but for Ithaca it's refreshing) You can sit by the pizza oven, which is so poorly designed I can't believe they actually want people to watch the dance of the guys trying not to bang each other with the pizza paddle. Maybe it was meant as entertainment?
Ciao is the best first visit I've had in Ithaca in a while. All of the dishes we had were quite good, the service was prompt and friendly and the prices were reasonable. I have to agree with others that the ambiance does seem somewhat like a chain restaurant. It's loud in there and the logos and decor could come pretty easily from an upscale chain. Fortunately, the food is much better. The calamari were lightly battered, well cooked and the sauce was just slightly spicy. The white clam pizza, while not as good as Pepe's in New Haven, was certainly good enough to order again. The pizza was skinny, the clams baked in, and, again slightly spicy. Most surprisingly for Ithaca, the clams were fresh, a rarity so far from the sea. The pasta was also well cooked and well seasoned, with a good helping of sausage. Much better than the over cooked lasagna I had previously at Lucatelli's. The tiramisu, which looked deceptively bland, seemed to come with a homemade cream and was generally delectable. Next time I'm in the mood for Italian I'll certainly give Ciao a shot.
Brick Oven!??!!? Is this like the New York City brick oven?? Nope. Traveled over 30mins to try the pizza here when I realized it was wood-oven.. I was hoping for a charcoal taste. The pizza wasn't that bad. The take out pizza box was something! Very unique. Bottom line - if you are around, I would come here for pizza. Otherwise, don't travel.
This is definitely as good as it gets for pizza in Ithaca from my experience. The individual pizzas definitely hit the spot when you're craving it, and my friend loves the sandwiches. I also really love their lemon-basil chicken salad. Definitely should try their executive lunch specials too if you're in the area. Surprisingly their chocolate mousse was also amazing if you're into a splurge. All around a pretty great place.
So I totally went after reading Andy G's review and upon arriving I thought I'd be disappointed but totally wasn't. So upon walking in we were seated very quickly and the waitress took our drink order. The menu looked fantastic and the atmosphere was actually quite decent. We waited for awhile and our drinks didn't come until 10 minutes later at which time a separate waiter came over and asked to take our drink order...I was a bit thrown off but thought maybe the other lady just had....nope wait there she was waiting on another table. Whatever though and it wouldn't had phased me if the new waiter wasn't a complete stiff. He didn't smile, didn't ask how we were doing, just took our drink order and left, I had to yell at him we wanted an appetizer and we were ready to order because he was just there and gone. He took our order and we never saw our drinks for another 10 minutes when a different waitress brought us our appetizer and drinks. She was very nice though and honestly I wasn't in a rush so really it was no big deal to me. the meal came quickly after and the waitress we had till the end was nice. I feel like if we would have had her the entire time the whole service thing would've gone better. Anyways moving on to the food which is why this place get's 4 stars, they would've gotten five if it wasn't for the shotty service we had that night. We started with the cheese pizza for an app, and it was great. The crust was sweet and made in the brick oven. The edges were only slightly dark but not burnt. The sauce and cheese and basil were great on it. It wasn't the best I've ever had, but I'd go back for it! The meal is the real winner here. I got the Tuscan Sacchetti -Purse shaped pasta filled with mozzarella, asiago and parmesan cheeses in cream sauce topped with goat cheese. Let me tell you, I've had some good stuffed pasta before but that cream sauce with the goat cheese was amazing! The pasta was perfect, the cheese tasted fresh not frozen and that cream sauce was just more than a bechamel cream sauce, it had flavor and creaminess that you just don't usually get with a sauce like this. The only thing I didn't like was I wish the portion for this was a little bigger. My wife got the chicken parm with gnocchi instead of spaghetti and the portion size here....was not an issue. The piece of chicken they gave her took up the ENTIRE plate. IT WAS HUGE. I wish I could be exaggerating here but seriously! It had to be 10 inches in diameter!!!! It was crunchy and perfectly cooked. The gnocchi was great to me but my wife still says it wasn't as good as her grandma's from Italy (though let's be honest, all of our grandmothers make fantastic food we can never get anywhere else). The sauce is what got me here though. I LOATHE red sauce. Growing up we had canned ragu at least 3 times a week and now red sauce just reminds me of that crud. But this sauce! It was fantastic! It was sweeter than normal which I loved! After coming home the next night I was just craving pasta again it was hilarious. Overall though, you probably should check this place out. The prices are VERY affordable, better than Olive Garden which I hate to compare this place to it but seeing as Olive Garden is my wife's favorite place this is what we ended up comparing it to and it hit it's marks. This would be a great place for the family to hit and overall a great Italian joint we will visiting for many times to come. Just hope the service is a bit more spot on next time!
I head to Ciao often for work lunches with a group, have never left disappointed or hungry. Their burgers are good when they have them on special. I got a pizza there last night with a date. It was during the dinner rush, so the 20-25 minute wait the hostess told us about was true to form. It also took a little longer than expected to get our bread and salads, but understandable. The pizza was great! We got the cordon bleu one; had a couple of slices leftover. It gets pretty loud in there when it's busy, which it always seems like it is. I figure most people are sick of heading to Applebees in this area... so far so good!
The gluten-free pizza was very good and came out very fast. I'd definitely go back.
Had a great meal for my friend's 21st birthday.  The hostesses were very accommodating and we got perfect seating together in the back.  The server, Amy, was absolutely great and catered to our every need.  She even lit candles and cut our cake for us.  The food was spectacular - I definitely recommend the bruschetta as an appetizer and the chicken pizza for a meal.  Overall great experience, and I will definitely be back!
Great brick oven pizzas! The calamari app was tender and the atmosphere was fun. Planning to go back because the menu was full of enticing options.
Visited here a couple of weeks ago. We ordered a pepperoni pizza for an appetizer. It was delicious!  For dinner, I ordered shrimp scampi. I didn't expect for it to come with diced tomatoes, but overall it was pretty good. My partner ordered gnocchi. She specifically asked the waiter if the sauce was a smooth sauce or a chunky sauce. He said without hesitation that it was smooth. When the food came out, she realized that the sauce was chunky and brought it to the waiters attention. He said that it is usually smooth then went back to the kitchen. When he returned, he said that they added diced tomatoes to the dish. Perhaps he should've suggested for the kitchen to remake the dish?
Excellent food. A classy but friendly atmosphere, and a nice place to spend an evening. Tried calamari, lobster ravioli, and a steak special- all were outstanding. Small but nice and varied selection of wines and drinks.  Very good waitstaff. Overall, very pleased- one of my favorite places in Ithaca.
We visited this restaurant on Saturday night with three people.  Although the restaurant was busy we were able to get a seat right away next to the bar.  The atmosphere was very comfortable and the waitress came right over to take our drink orders and tell us about tonight's specials. Our drinks arrived quickly, along with some fresh bread.  We ordered appetizers and waited a few minutes before ordering our main meal.  The appetizers arrived promptly and they were delicious (although I don't ever remember having loaded french fries at an Italian Restaurant before)! Next our dinner orders were taken and we enjoyed our appetizers.  Although we sat in a booth in the bar area we were able to have a conversation at normal speaking level.  I really do not like having to shout to be heard! Our dinner arrived (2 orders of chicken Parm and one of Lasagna) and, to my surprise, the food was delicious.  I wasn't sure that a restaurant that wasn't in New York (City area) would have good sauce (or is it gravy?) but Ciao certainly knew how to make it right. I'd recommend this restaurant to anybody in the area who is looking for a very good Italian Dinner in a very comfortable setting.  Our server couldn't have been more attentive as she kept coming back to refill our sodas and iced tea. Thank you Ciao for a wonderful dinner.
Tasty food, excellent service, fair prices, kid-friendly.  We enjoyed our calamari, house salads, and wood-fired pizza.  Limoncello mascarpone cake for dessert rocked! The beloved and I will most certainly be back, and we'll bring friends. Restrooms were spotless, BTW.  That's always nice! So happy to have an excellent, affordable dining option in Ithaca!
Been there twice now.  Love thier wood-fire cooked pizza's.  The Sayeed and the Dirty Lorenzo are my favorites.  Service has been good, and the prices are fair.  Usually busy through.  Always return when I get a chance to do so.
First visit this week.  We found the staff extremely friendly and attentive.  Love the cozy vibe, especially in the bar area.  Food was just a bit mixed, but all good.  Love the aroncini!  You must get these if you go!  We'll definitely be going back and hope to discover even more to like at this new spot in a location much in need of a fun dining experience.
We came here on a Monday night and it is amazingly packed for a week night. The ambiance is ok. Definitely kid friendly. We ordered the calamari and wood-fired wings and Caesar salad to start. They were excellent.  The calamari was tender. The salad was fresh. The wings were very savory even for me (particular about wings and usually only like crispy wings).  The lobster ravioli had a great sauce and I would definitely order it again.  We also ordered the white clam pizza. That was also pretty good, though the crust was a little tough. The kids loved the lasagna and the fries were very tasty. I would have eaten more of the fries were it not for the kids' objections.
LOVE CIAO!! best pizza I have had in Ithaca. Service is great and staff is well trained.
All in all the place was great.  Busy, really friendly staff, great food and really well priced.   We ordered a chicken wing appetizer and split a pizza.  The wings were absolutely outstanding... Really they were.  Pizza was very tasty as well. We ordered a bottle of chianti as well and the bill arrived and was less than expected.
went back a few more times-- pizza seems to be getting more and more salty...
Great restaurant! My wife and I have loved the food every time we have eaten there.
Why do I feel like this ranks as a guilty pleasure?  The interior is nouveau 1988 and has a corporate feel.  The pizza?  Really good to great!  I have had a few yummy appetizers.  Would be nice addition if they sourced locally for some items for better salads.
Good traditional Italian food. The pizza isn't spectacular and really shouldn't be the staple of the menu, but their appetizers and other entrees are very good. It's been busy every tie I've gone, this can be attributed to the lack of good Italian options in Ithaca, and no good chain restaurants like Olive Garden or Carrabbas.
We had Margherita pizza, gnocchi with vodka sauce and the rigatoni.  Everything was delicious and our server Andrew was excellent.  We will definitely be going back soon.
For those following the paleo/primal way, it doesn't get better than this. I had the wood broiled chicken wings as an appetizer to start off with. For the entree I had the baked salmon which is most delicious. The desserts and wine list looked pretty good to me although I didn't order anything from there.
