I mainly go here to see Sarah who does my eyebrows and facials as I use a hairdresser elsewhere. Sarah is the absolute best at what she does. She's done my makeup for an event and after a previously horrible experience with someone else, she was amazing. Her eyebrow wax is spot on perfect, easy and very affordable. She even did a facial for me which helped me get rid of some tiny white bumps around my eyes and my skin has never looked better.  Absolutely recommend her for anyone looking!
I have had several experiences at this salon, all poor...with one exception Sarah Marzulo is excellent at waxing. Great customer service. And that's where the positive ends. I have had bad color service, my daughter had a horrific haircut from Sue (a manager). Yes I complained and yes I was offered services to repair the damage, which I accepted and still didn't have the problems corrected. It's a shame because the salon is beautiful and close to home. We will never be back.
This salon and spa is very professional. I have had waxing, a facial, a swedish massage and a pedicure here. Each treatment was wonderful, and they use good products. The prices can run a little high depending on the treatment, but the staff does a great job. It is VERY clean, and their appointments run fairly on time. The receptionists are kind and if you have multiple services or just one, you can put your tip in an envelope when you check out. This works out well if you need to break a bill, divide it up, etc. Make sure you make an appointment, this isn't the kind of place you can walk-in.
I came online trying to write to the management  of Studio Expo about my experience with this salon, but they haven't provided a way to leave comments or send emails on their site. That's really a shame, as I'm not comfortable calling the salon to tell them what happened over the phone. So I'm writing my thoughts here instead. This was my first time going to Studio Expo and I am thoroughly upset. I don't have any issues with the salon itself, it's nicely designed and decorated, spacious, etc. My problem is with the hairstylist Judy. She was nice enough, but left me with easily the worst haircut I've ever had. From beginning to end, I disliked what was happening. The shampooing lasted for literally 3 minutes, and it HURT. She was not gentle AT ALL and pulled my hair multiple times while shampooing. This is usually my favorite part of getting a haircut, so I was really disappointed about that. When we got to her chair she asked what I wanted and I told her. I said that I liked layers, I don't like bulky/heavy areas, and that I wanted to try something new by switching up the style a little bit. Maybe I wasn't clear in my instructions. She went WAY too short, it's going to take months to grow this back to the length I was anticipating. I told her I wanted to try the back being shorter than the front, and that I wanted my hair to do a face-frame by being longer than my chin in the front. After the cut it barely meets my chin dry, and is near my cheek curly. I can't leave this natural at all, as my wavy/curly hair looks ridiculous and makes me feel like Albert Einstein, so I'm going to have to spend a lot of extra time each day straightening this style perfectly so that it looks decent. It's much too short to pull into a ponytail of any kind. One side feels thicker to me than the other, as if she didn't bother to make sure it was consistent throughout, and she took out most of my layers that I told her I liked. This isn't what I asked for. Worse than everything was how sloppy (maybe lazy?) she was. I told her where I part my hair and she began cutting it with the part on the wrong side. When I reminded her where my part was, she sloppily threw my hair the other way and didn't even define the part whatsoever. It was crooked across my head. I'm not a hairstylist by any means, but don't you have to know how the person plans on parting their hair in order to get the correct cut? She barely even tried. I paid for a haircut and style, and as I've said, this cut needs to be straightened to look right. She used the blow dryer briefly and barely touched the flat iron, parts of my hair were still wavy, making it difficult to even see the cut when she finished. As I've said, my part wasn't defined whatsoever and she didn't TOUCH the top of my hair while styling. The hair near my temples is usually harder to maintain and needs a little extra styling to lay flat and look good, as it tends to stick out with fly-aways if unattended. She didn't even go near it. It looked stupid, and my appointment was in the morning followed by a TON of errands I had to run. When I asked her why she didn't go near the fly-aways or even attempt to control them with spray she said something about how I was born with it and I can't fight with the hair God gave me. REALLY? Aren't I paying you to fix this? And it's not impossible to tame, I do it every day and other stylists haven't had any problems fixing this in the past. The hair in the back was still slightly curling on the ends due to the lack of straightening, and because of this, it was hard for her to ensure she cut straight across. Well, now that I've gotten home and straightened it myself, it's CROOKED. When I got up from the chair and walked away, she actually called me back because she noticed it wasn't right and sat me back down, which I appreciated, but even on her second attempt she didn't fix the problem. She cut corners by not bothering to straighten my hair in the first place, and even when she was supposed to be fixing the line, she wasn't able to make it straight. Ridiculous. So not only am I mortified about this cut and will have to wait a while before it looks okay, she did the opposite of what I was expecting, and she did a lazy and unprofessional job. I still can't believe it's CROOKED, this part makes me crazy, because it's such a basic element and she screwed it up. I don't usually complain about people, especially hairdressers, I mean it's hair and it's going to grow back. I understand this. But when I pay good money for something, I expect to be happy with the outcome. Instead I'm embarrassed about how it looks and 100% disappointed at the way Judy did her job. It's a shame that on my first visit to this salon, this is what I come away with. I don't think I'll ever go back, but if I do, I know who I won't be seeing.
I used to like Studio Expo a few years ago, but it's gone downhill. My daughter and I had a spa day together there in the winter and were both a bit disturbed by the fact that the staff in the nail salon section were talking very negatively about other staff and management right in front of us. We seemed to be a bit of an afterthought to them. Very unprofessional. This week, I booked an appointment to remove a gel pedicure I'd gotten elsewhere--I explained clearly what I needed to have done to the receptionist booking my appointment. We had an entire conversation about it, in fact. When I arrived at the salon, the person my appointment was with said they didn't do gel pedicures. Fantastic. I left, which meant I still needed to find someone to do my pedicure somewhere elsewhere, and it left a staffperson with a huge hole in her appointment schedule for the afternoon. Bad ending all around. I think the place is very poorly managed. Basic staff training seems to be lacking. The one plus side is their massage therapist is very good--my daughter and I had both enjoyed her. But I'll not be returning to Studio Expo again.
This is a review for Sue. I cant speak for anyone else since I have never been to another staff member. She has been doing my hair (color and cut) since we moved to Roc, and it has never looked better! It feel and looks much healthier (I have been coloring including at home---and it showed! It was kind of "fried"!) She does a great color, highlights. And all my greys--totally covered, yay! I have seen some of her other work (updos etc) Beautiful! Her years of experience really show.  The salon itself is very nice-- very spacious, open, tastefully appointed, and I hear they have awesome new pedi chairs ;)
2 & 1/2 stars. I've been twice now - yesterday & a couple weeks ago. Both times started out well, but the end result was ruined by not enough drying time, either with &/or w/o the drying machines (which they don't use on your pedi). Maybe it was partly the timing, as both appointments were the last of the day for the manicurist, Hayley. The first time, I got old gel removed and new acrylic nails applied-loooong process + a pedi. The 2nd time was a fill & change of polish for toe nails. The good: beautiful space; great receptionists. Hayley is very good,not perfect, but focused & not overly chatty. The pedicure chair, basin are phenomenal & the Footlogix mousse-like cream is fantastic-loved it. I want to keep going here, but ... The bad:  was not given enough drying time both app'ts; 2nd time was the worst ever. Got acrylic fill 2nd app't + change of polish on toes. The problem could be partly due to products used/not used, maybe the drying machine, and most definitely insufficient drying time. Even though my manicurist's work shift ended, it would've been better for me to stay for more drying time-more than the 5 minutes both visits. When I came back from paying at the receptionist to have her redo a couple nails as she was on her way out, the spray, quick dry top coat/oil she used didn't seem to help. Yesterday that was at 10 + am. My nails were still soft & getting messed up at 8:30 pm!! I came back to the salon a little before their 4 pm closing time but door was locked, so I called when I got home a few minutes later, and left a message. But throughout the afternoon, into the later evening, my nails and toe nails were still getting smudged, dinged & b/c she didn't pay attention to the underside of my nails that needed a little filing, one of the nails split & chipped on one side. I would really like to keep going here, but they need to fix this problem. As much as I don't like going to the big production line Asian salons, they do better at the finishing. This is not worth the higher price unless this issue can be resolved.
Love this place!  Had to go back tonight to repair my daughter'a nails before a wedding she was in the next day.  It was fixed and the service was so awesome!!  Thank you!!!
I was pleasantly surprised to find a hair salon on this side of town that does such an excellent job! I got my hair cut and styled and they did an amazing job! Two thumbs up!
