Went to Ithaca for a day at Buttermilk Falls.  Originally planned on going to Saigon Kitchen but they're closed on Mondays.  Yelp came through with good reviews for Thai Basil.  The Thai egg rolls and calamari appetizers were cooked to perfection.  The drunken noodles and spicy beef dish were also solid dishes.   The service was quick and pleasant.  The waiter mistakenly charged us for shrimp lunch special prices ($2 extra) but was very apologetic and actually threw in a free Thai ice tea.   Bill for lunch came to $35 for 2 with appetizers and Thai ice tea. When school starts this place will be quite popular as it's a good alternative to the long wait at Saigon Kitchen.
Absolutely delicious food! Authentic Thai flavors and really good service. Penang curry and pad thai were our favorites.
Now under new management/owners - still very nice. We stepped into Thai Basil and noticed it has been re-decorated. The new decor is much more cohesive and appropriate for a nice sit-down restaurant. The man working said the restaurant is under new ownership. It was their first or second day open. He was understandably eager to make our visit a good one, reassuring us every step of the way that everything would be even better than before, and happy to answer any questions. The waitress was very attentive with water - something I always appreciate. The menu is set up well for vegetarian options. In fact, nearly everything can be ordered vegetarian (tofu and vegetables). I got massaman curry with tofu and vegetables. The vegetables turned out to be everything imaginable - it was great. My dining companion loved her stir fry. I'm sure I will be returning. You should check it out.
You should really come try this place!! Ordered through ithaca-to-go half a year ago it was horrible. But I tried it today and it was amazing. Food is in large portion and is also relatively cheap (most main dishes 9.95). This place has improved so much!! And it is definitely a lot better than the taste of Thai.  But they should consider making this place look better and add more interesting decorations.
Very tasty food! We've had the drunken noodle, basil fried rice, and pad see ew. We'll be back.
Great, tasty food for very reasonable prices. Excellent service and helpful staff. The menu WA software decent size and all members of my party were pleased with their dishes. Would happily return.
I love great Thai food, and if you do too, this is a place to put high on your list. In this unobtrusive new place, the food is absolutely delicious, the presentation superb, and the staffers are caring and diligent. I was recently there with my daughter for an impromptu dinner, and we loved our experience there. I had the duck curry and she had panang, and both of us pronounced that the food was off the charts delicious. If you like Asian food or  just plain great meal, this is a 'must visit' venue.
Really, really good Thai. We've ordered take out a bunch of times and the Som Tom, Tom Kha, Pad Thai, and Curries were all delicious. Service is fast, food is great, prices are good. You can't ask for more from a Thai place.
fantastic place! Best Thai I've had in the area. We had the Thai wings which had a delicious spicy sauce and the red snapper was absolutely perfect! would definitely go back again and again.
This place is AMAZING. The ladies that work there are so fun, energetic, and lively. The food is to die for as well. It is some of the best Thai I've ever had. The Pad Thai is amazing!!
We just loved this place!  We came up from Binghamton, NY, and drove by on our way to the Kitchen Theatre.  We had time before the matinee and chose Thai Basil.  The Drunken Noodle was fantastic as well as the Pad Thai.  We were waited on by Pia who was a delight.  Definitely give this place a try!
