I have been to Pharaohs a few times now and I have been impressed every time! Previously, I would have let just about anyone cut my hair. After all, a haircut is a haircut, right? Not the case since I experienced Pharaohs! Twee cut my hair on my first visit and has been doing it since. I trust her enough to let her do anything she wants, no questions asked. The result is always amazing! This place knows customer service as well. I had one appointment which was booked incorrectly and they immediately offered a discount on my service to make up for it. Everyone in the shop is pleasant and friendly, and there are always drinks and coffee available. Be sure to book ahead, there can be quite a wait to get an appointment.
Pharaoh's Hairum is the only hair salon in the greater Rochester area that has been able to keep me as a client for over a year. I have difficult hair to style (thick & wavy, falls flat when straightened) and it was always a struggle finding a stylist who got it right. I started going to Pharaoh's in 2009 and always see Jennifer. She's fantastic! They're very knowledgeable about the products they use, the coloring trends and methods to cut hair. Another bonus is that they use (and sell) organic and natural hair products. And, their hair color dyes don't contain ammonia.
I've been to Pharaoh's a few times now with varying degrees of satisfaction.  Still on my hunt for a great men's in Rochester, I've had to use Pharaoh's in a bind.  However, they have been very accommodating with being able to get me in the day I call.     Staff is extremely friendly with the receptionist always asking if I want coffee or tea when I enter.  My stylists have made great conversations while cutting, as I notice I'm always the only male in the establishment.  I guess that what happens when I go to a salon/spa for a cut!   After everything I just mentioned, my dissatisfaction has been with the actual haircuts.  I just feel they have not been up to pair with other places I've visited.  I had one stylists that I enjoyed, but when getting a basic men's cut, you don't always get the best cutter on the staff.  It's definitely not the worst place you can end up, but the inconsistencies have questioned my continued patronage to here.
I just wish they had a Pharaoh!s in Vegas ! This shop is by far the best I have been to in a long time ! I am here going through the healing process with my daughter after Bone marrow transplant they make my daughter!s day Crystal made a huge difference in how she felt ! Four star ! Vincenza cut my hair better than anyone has in years Thank you  ! Then we went to pay no charge Thank you Pharaohs
I have been going to Pharaoh's for three years now. I've never walked out of the salon unhappy with my haircut. The stylists are knowledgeable and really listen to you. I have been seeing Cassie, and I love her. My hair is incredibly thick, and she always gets it just right -- even when I don't know what I want, she has great ideas on what to do. She's also fantastic at coloring.
