Silky Jones is not the same place it was three years ago when it first opened. They now have a complete bar (though I haven't attempted a Manhattan again), with a decent wine list now. In fact, when I ordered a glass of wine just last night, the bartender looked askance at the half-full bottle, noticed it hadn't been pumped properly for storage, and had me taste my wine to make sure it was up to snuff. It was. I was impressed by his attention to detail. They have a creative cocktail menu which focuses on local fruit. They run a little sweet to my taste, but one from their previous menu was a refreshing blueberry mojito that they called the "Smooth and Silky." On Monday nights they hold a rousing trivia competition hosted by local man-about-town Bob Proehl. There's free pizza and a raucous time is had by all. The only downside is that if you are not there early, meaning at least 8:30, you are relegated to the seats in the main bar area, which makes it difficult to hear, and when non-trivia players start showing up later in the evening, nearly impossible. All in all, I give Silky's a better rating now, though I still would not classify them as a "lounge" per se. But it is a nice casual place to meet friends for a glass of wine and a game of Jenga.
As far as bars go, I think Silky's has the biggest identity crisis. It wants to be casual, modern, swank, trashy, dance-y, chill, etc. all at once, and it for the most part fails at most of these. I do have to say that the first Thursday of every month they have a gay night called FLAME. Its a major redeeming quality of the bar if you enjoy gay bars. This one night is the closest thing Ithaca has to a gay bar. The DJs are hit or miss, but during FLAME they tend to be more of a hit. I'm increasing the star level by 1 just for this reason. I have had things stolen at this bar. I don't know if its an anomaly or a problem, but their coat section is so small that some accidental theft is bound to happen.
I really like drinking at Silky Jones. It has a fun layout with some good beer at reasonable prices that makes it a really fun place. I find myself going here often when I am going out on the Commons. The beer list isn't exhaustive or elite, but they do serve some good local beers at an affordable price (i.e., $5). It's the only place in Ithaca that I was able to find Horseheads Brewing's Pumpkin Ale, so kudos on serving that beer. I don't drink mixed drinks but I the sips I sneak from my friend's drinks are usually well mixed. The layout is fun with booths and tables. I love having all the games to play to pass the time. I kill in Battleship and Guess Who so bring it on! I also like how the music is never ear piercingly loud, even on nights where they have a DJ. This is a big deal to me because I hate going to places where I can't talk to people. The cleanliness and decor add a bit of class that separates it from most of the other dumps that pass themselves off as bars in Ithaca. There is usually a good crowd, but never so much so that its uncomfortable or shoulder to shoulder. Its a perfect balance.
This place is a breath of fresh air in Ithaca's sad sad night scene. It's modern, clean, has great drinks and bartenders and even Wii on some nights. Too bad it's starting to get crowded...I guess the secret is out. Oh, and the art is super weird and trying way too hard. Duck Duck Duck Goose?! lame.
Celebrated my 24th here with a good friend. Silky had a small selection of beers and a competent barkeep. The highlights of the night included the weird music the DJ kept spinning and the competitive game of dare-jenga we played.
This is not a great place to hang out.  The vibe is pretty low-brow and the space is awkward and ill-conceived design-wise. For Ithaca, this is about average, but for anywhere else it would be one or two stars.  This is not a place I'd ever go by choice.
Probably the hippest bar in Ithaca. The staff is friendly and doesn't mess around which is nice. There is plenty of seating and they have board games to play. The music is usually good and the atmosphere is the best of any bar downtown. They don't have any great drink nights or specials but they draw enough people that I don't see them adding anytime soon.
