Joe's has everything you need in a sports bar; lots of TVs, daily specials, friendly bartenders, and good bar food. Wings are crispy and their blue cheese is delicious. Try the sport sauce!!
I had high hopes for this place, but hated it. For starters they were "out" of the beer I ordered and were "out" of oranges to put in a substitute beer that I ordered. To follow, they were "out" of mozzarella sticks and (get this one) I was told they were "out" of pizza. I could see being out if an ingredient....but out of pizza? That one didn't add up to me. I ended up getting garlic-parmesan wings and I'm surprised I didn't choke from them being so dry. If I go back, I will never again eat what I had before. The wings were gross. Overall I was disappointed in the service, the selection, and the food. Thumbs down.
Best sports bar in town....Joe and his staff make your experience every game like you are at home
I went here for the pool and enjoyed it. The beer is not delicious though.
We stopped by here to watch the semi finals of the Rio 2014 World Cup and I was not disappointed. There are 15 or so TV's around both big and small. The food was not bad; I liked "Tyler's Nachos."
I have finally found a bar in Ithaca I like. This is THE neighborhood place aka, not The Commons to watch any sports game on TV. This past Sunday we lucked out and scored 2 seats at the bar for the Buffalo game and Buffalo actually won!! The service was stellar, the prices fair.  The wings were out of this world delicious, the best I have ever had anywhere.  Crunchy, fat wings and home made blue cheese, and yes I licked the container it was off the charts so good. I cannot wait to return on a lazy Sunday to watch football.
Uncle Joe's has the best wing and burger specials on Mondays and Tuesdays but leaves something to be desired on the beverage and service fronts. When I finally moved to downtown Ithaca, I went to Uncle Joe's twice a week on Monday and Tuesday for the wing and burger specials. The wings are really large for being on special. I find other places use wing specials to get rid of the runts, but Uncle Joe's seems to hoard them until Mondays. It is only $5.50 a dozen and they are cooked perfectly every time. I usually get the hot Ralph's wings. They are pretty hot but not remorsefully or painfully hot so that sauce is a winner in my book. I have had the garlic parmesan and sweet and spicy wings too, but I like mine really hot. The burger special on Tuesdays is, by far, one of the best deals in town for price and quality. All burgers are cooked to order (medium rare thank you)!!! Most places give you well done hockey pucks but these 8ozers are amazing. I have had all the burgers here and they are all delicious. I find myself getting the Uncle Joe's burger more often than not. I love the crisp, fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion that come with most of the burgers. The fries are ALWAYS extra crunchy and crisp. It seems like they don't sit around too long in the back and are served fresh. I have had the pizza special on Thursday but it is pretty dismal compared to the wing and burger specials. The dough tastes premade and almost biscuity rather than doughy. The sauce and cheese leave something to be desired. The walls are covered with TVs and other sports memorabilia. I love watching Yankees' games here and can't wait for the NFL games on Sundays. I sure hope they have the Red Zone channel! The biggest contention I have with Uncle Joe's is their beer selection and prices, especially during Happy Hour. I'm kind of a beer snob and I don't like lite beer. There are very few choices outside of the mega-brewers. The beers are $2.75 at happy hour. I just don't like paying that much for lite beer at a small local joint like Uncle Joe's. Waaaaa I'm crying I know, but good food deserves good beer. The service here by the waitresses is almost always slow. I have sat for 5 minutes without menus on a few occasions. Don't expect speedy service on drinks either. A few of the servers were rather robotic in their service without much personality. Service while sitting at the bar is much faster. I really like Uncle Joe's, mostly for the food. If the drink prices and selection and service speed were improved, it would be much easier to give an additional star.
Uncle Joe's is a great place to grab a burger and a beer and watch whichever game you're into.  This past winter we came here almost every night to watch the Olympics.  They've got plenty of flat screen TVs on nearly every wall so you're bound to find what you're looking for. The burgers are awesome and reasonably priced.  The wings are phenomenal....they even make their own blue cheese dressing!  They've also got a couple of pool tables in case you want to do something other than watch TV.  You won't find a lot of college kids here, mostly locals which can be a welcome change of pace in this town.
Being Philadelphia Eagles fans on a Sunday in Ithaca, NY...our options were limited in finding a decent bar to watch the game.  Under a recommendation from a friend, we were able to stumble upon this place.  It's a discreet under the radar bar that is probably bordering on the super-divey.  Frankly, that is what I look for in finding a bar.  We got there about an hour before game and were able to find a table by a TV that was designated for the Eagles.  It was one of the smaller TV's unfortunately, but we enjoyed ourselves nonetheless. The waitress was attentive and we were never without what we needed for very long.  Once the game started we had ordered a variety of food to munch on during the game.  We got 2 orders of a dozen wings, 12 hot and 12 garlic cajun parmesan.  Both wings were not overdone (like some wings are) and both had great flavor.  The garlic parm wings were a dry rub and provided a nice balance from the super hot saucey wings.  The sauce were the hot wings were pretty generously poured over the wings, so your mouth was on fire.  We got the nachos which were topped with chicken, chili, cheese, sour cream, salsa and jalapenos.  These were the biggest hit of the table and the portion was perfect for 4 of us.  We also got the Uncle Joe's fries which were fries tossed in medium hot sauce.  I love anything in wing sauce, so I snacked on these pretty good. Overall, this place is the definition of a dive, but that shouldn't be a deterrent.  The place has friendly service, surprisingly decent food and a good beer selection.  Great place to watch the game.
The only place in town with this kind of atmosphere. It is the only "home town" bar in the area that has pool tables, dart boards, lots of TVs and good food all at fair prices. I'm reading all of these reviews about the great wings but I can shamefully say that I haven't tried them yet even though we frequent the establishment. Everything else is great though as long as you stay away from the pizza. The buffalo wrap is my go to meal but their burgers are top notch as well. The nacho plate is quite amazing as well; huge portion with lots of chili, cheese, bacon, sour cream. There was a reviewer that thought this place was a "super-dive". It's not, that person has obviously never been to an actual whole in the wall dive bar before. Uncle Joe's is far from a dive and has a very pleasant environment and could even be considered a family restaurant. All in all one of kind bar in the area.
This will be short and to the point: I would say they have the best wings in Ithaca.  Hands down.  $6 pitchers of Yuengling and wing specials on Thursday.  Basically one of my candidates if I had to have a last meal.  I forgot what they were called but the fries with the wing sauce...my wife loved those and she doesn't like wings.  Kudos.  Definitely the meal in Ithaca that I will miss the most.
Great deals at Uncle Joes every week night! Tuesday burger special $5... Unfortunately they were out of the veggie burger patty tonight. Delicious fountain soda! Homemade blue cheese dressing, yum! Both regular and curly fries rock! Guinness tangy BBQ, yes please! Great local spot, happy to be here!
Went to Uncle Joe's the other night to get a quick beer or two and a dozen wings.  Went to the men's room to wash my hands.  Hand soap dispenser was empty.  Asked the bartender for hand soap, and he reported that they were out of hand soap.  I wonder how the cook washes his hands after using the bathroom?  Hmmmmm......I'm not as hungry for wings anymore!  Why wouldn't you just to go the store and buy some Softsoap dispensers in the interim?  Definitely a problem!
This is an absolutely fantastic sports bar with great food and friendly service. There are a ton of TV's so I can pretty much guarantee that you'll find whatever game that you are looking for but if you don't a waitress or bartender is always happy to try and find it for you. The bar and dining room are always clean, the food is always good, the wait staff is always friendly, the prices are fantastic, "your game" will be on and the beer is always cold. Grade A establishment!
If you're looking for a laid back, relaxed sports bar: this is your place!! The wings specials are wonderful, and the special(not on the menu) sweet and hot sauce is great!
I think I have had every item on their menu.  Best is wings, chicken parm sub, dirty fries, bomber bleu burger.  Skip the pizza, any of the wraps.  But the ambiance is terrific, good sports, fun and lively crowd during the pro football games (thanks to Yellin' Helen and the savvy Packer fans who seem to dominate the team preferences).   Beer prices are good, bloody marys are terrific.  Nice place to take a family during dinner times but crowded at game time.
Best wings in Ithaca and probably the best burger too. Good place to watch Syracuse games if you follow them and the drinks are reasonably priced.
