I had come here previously and saw the Living Social deal. I had Melissa for laser hair removal, she was great.
I came here a couple years ago and I had an amazing experience - I got laser hair removal on my underarms and in just a few sittings all the hair was permanently gone. The tech was amazing and it was a great experience. So when I saw a Groupon recently I jumped at the chance to go again and this time get laser hair removal on another body area. This experience was really different! I had an appointment with the owner of the salon, she was really nice but she didn't ask me about settings or do anything - just went straight for it with the laser! I figured it was okay... It hurt a lot and as I walked out it was burning!! I took pictures at home bc it was an area I couldn't really see well and I had all these circular burn marks! I called the spa the next day and a girl at the front desk told me she would call my technician and have her call me back. She never did, the front desk girl called me back instead and said it was normal and if I wanted I could take medicine... Okay... I gave it a couple weeks more and kept taking pictures of it "healing" and it was soooo horrible. I got scabs, it was painful for so many days and I still have scars now. A doctor opinion was that it was because the device was tilted the cryogenic spray never got to the area that was lasered and that's why I got burned in those circular shapes. I called again to cancel my next appointment and to get a refund. Once again the owner never called me back, another front desk girl called me to issue a refund. The rest of my money is still stuck in Groupon credit. I give a one star because there was just such a lack of professional behavior. I would have appreciated an apology or at least I would have imagined that if you were the owner or even a tech and burned your client you would want to know why and how or at least ask them to come in so you could see... In an attempt to get better at what you do so you don't burn someone else. I'm just very surprised at the whole experience and unfortunately now I have the memory of it forever.
A very professional place.  They have a new location and it is fully renovated and very beautiful.  I bought the groupon for 3 Brazilians because it was such a great deal and for the most part, I am very satisfied.  However, I feel that they are so worried about being professional and conservative, that my wax partially suffered.  I am satisfied with my service but, I have had better. Overall they are very kind and professional workers who want to do their job and make their customers comfortable and happy.
Gorgeous interior with a knowledgeable and friendly staff.  I am going for, ahem, laser hair removal, and I couldn't be happier with my results or my aesthetician.  Everyone I see leaving looks happy and those leaving the salon portion look both happy and gorgeous.   I purchased a living social deal when they had it, but my aesthetician informed me at my last appointment that I could purchase "small area" treatments for the same price (3/$99) directly through the spa.  I am not entirely sure if this is available only to those of us who began with a groupon/living social deal or if it's available to everyone but it's worth an ask!  Regular pricing for three treatments is over $400!
Beautiful spa! Great customer service. Unfortunately, I've had better hot stone messages in other spas compared to Luxe. I was very relaxed but I was expecting more for $110. The robes were super soft. Nice infrared sauna even though I was unable to enjoy it.
I give it 1 star because it will not allow me to give it less. Service was pathetic and way over priced. The girl that normally does my lashes no longer works there and I was placed with someone new. My eyes burned so bad from the glue that I was in tears after I left. Clearly they do not know what they are doing and or how to train people. My complaints fell on deaf ears and nothing was done to correct my visit. lashes also fell off two days after and I followed the guidelines careful. be warned...stay away!
I went here for a haircut a few months ago, and while the hair stylist was very amiable, she definitely did not cut my hair evenly. One side was longer than the other by 1/2 inch. The price was $45 for a wash, cut, and blow-dry, which is pretty normal from what I've experienced at other places, but if I'm going to be paying that much for a haircut, this is not the place I'd choose.
