The wife and I stayed at La Tourelle for our honeymoon and decided to treat ourselves to a couples massage. I'm a relatively shy person but both Joy and Jessie put both of us at ease. They offer 20% off any 50+ min service from 4pm - 7pm on Tues, Wed, Thurs. Free 25 min water soak on services before 4pm.
Disappointed because they've done away with 20 minute appointments, meaning I can no longer get my eyebrows waxed here. In an attempt to schedule me for a longer appointment they asked if I needed an upper lip wax. No. No I don't. But thanks anyways. On the lookout for a new place to get my eyebrows done. Will still come here for facials though. Too bad they won't do a facial and eyebrows in the same day. Something about your skin falling off...
August Moon is a fantastic spot to celebrate a special occassion or to just treat yourself to some spa style pampering.  They have a great menu of services and I have had consistently good experiences there. I love a few specific things about this spa:  Their front desk staff (always so warm and welcoming, truly exceptional), Margaret (best masseuse ever), and their product line (especially the ginger scrub). I think the prices are in line with what you should expect to pay for this level of spa. While it may not be as luxe as Mirbeau, which is about an hour away from Ithaca, it's also not at that level of pricing, either.  It may be a stretch to call August Moon a "deal" - but let's just say that it's fair pricing for quality services, and that I've considered what I have dropped there to be money well spent.
Ask for Kate L. - she is THE BEST! I have major neck problems, and I was so impressed with Kate's work, no massage therapist has come close to her. I love, love, love coming here and bringing people or coming along after a long week. Everyone who works here is so sweet, the ambience is relaxing and amazing and I couldn't ask for more. Make sure to try the sauna and the relaxation rooms when you visit and finish off with a nice shower (don't rush your time here!) :)
There's a private bath in every spa room for soaking after a full body scrub.  Heaven can be found in the gorges of Ithaca!
I've been to August Moon six or seven times and have had an incredible experience each time. The staff are all very genuine and warm, and the services never fall short. I particularly enjoy their European facial treatment and their in-house products.  While it's not a huge, over the top, luxury spa that you might find in a big city, it's an extremely relaxing, clean, and overall very enjoyable spa.
Very nice staff, very clean, had a great massage!  Had a great brunch afterwards at Simply Red.
What a lovely experience.  From the moment you walk in, you feel relaxed.  The mud wrap was great, as was my massage, mani, and pedi.  I also bought some of their products and I love them!  I live nowhere near here, but I will be back soon!
August Moon Spa is like a little oasis - always a wonderful and peaceful experience. They have a spacious changing area complete with sauna and steam room, two amazing tranquility rooms (your choice of fire or water), and super nice staff without a lot of turnover. The prices are in line with other high-end spas in central NY, although if you can make it between 4-7 on Tues, Wed, or Thurs, they offer a 20% Tranquility Hour discount on many treatments (this has been the case for a few years, but double-check their website to be sure before you go). They incorporate a lot of local products (honey, grapes, etc.) into their treatments, and are very involved in the Ithaca community, which is an added bonus!
Great as a treat and for special occasions.  Massages were amazing, and the whole set-up is very relaxing and peaceful.  Plus they donate packages to various non-profits looking for fundraising help around Ithaca, which is always a good thing.
Went recently and did a "Classic August Moon" 30 min massage and 20 min bath soak. The people were very nice and the facilities pleasant, clean, and relaxing. But the 30 minute massage was not great. For the amount we paid ($180 for 2 people plus a 20% gratuity), I expected a top-notch massage, but it was just not pleasant. I'm usually a fan of deep pressure, but this one was downright painful, and uneven, with more prodding and less fluid movements. The masseuse even massaged my kidneys which was incredibly painful. To be fair I told her that I liked a bit of pressure, but she was either too rough or too soft, and never really got to a sweet spot. The person I came with had a similar experience with out the roughness but felt it was a little lack-luster. The bath was ok. Both of our favorite parts of the experience were the amazing saunas (2 different kinds) and relaxing in the tea-rooms by the fireplace. Overall, it was a pretty fun and relaxing experience for a splurge, but I would say that the massage didn't exactly add to it. Overall: if you don't have much cash to spend, I would avoid the pricey massages and just enjoy the saunas and relaxation rooms with their day pass ($25?). I have not tried any of the other treatments, but the experience mad me a little wary about dropping a huge chunk of cash on them. Will be back to enjoy the saunas though!
