Got a brazilian wax here in May 2011 and probably felt the most comfortable I've ever felt during a waxing experience. My waxer was super down-to-earth and engaged in conversation with me the whole time. Better yet, she didnt "judge" me or yell at me for my infrequent waxing habits, which is often the case. Her friendliness made the whole experience as pleasant as could be. Only reason I didn't get 5 stars is because of the price - $65 is pretty steep for Ithaca. I wish they would consider giving a student discount, or else I'll probably have to go back to one of the places in Collegetown that is a bit more affordable for students.
I hadn't been in for a few years, but scheduled a massage fairly recently.   They've revamped the reception area and the current receptionist is very nice and warm.  It's much more professional now.   The massage therapist was also very good.  The massage was very relaxing and definitely helped with my back pain.   Satori has a more professional vibe now and better customer service.
I have been a very loyal customer here fir years, primarily because of the proximity to my house. The services are ok, mostly overpriced, quite a few mistakes, but also some good appointments over the years. I'm taking the time to write a yelp review because I am pretty offended at my last encounter. I called to schedule an appointment and was very rudely informed that I have a note in my file that I need to prepay from now on. This came as a shock- no one has ever had the courtesy to tell me and I have been a great client all these years. The receptionist started listing about four supposed last minute cancellations from last winter. I explained that only one was a real last minute (within 24 hours) cancellation. The rest were cancelled right after booking for the most part. I had a baby last fall so would call for same day appointments in the beginning, and a few times had to call back within half hour of booking and change to another time. No one ever expressed that that was a problem. In any event, I also have had several appointments since my last alleged last minute cancellation, and none of these required a prepayment. Why they suddenly put me on some list now is beyond me. I felt the receptionist was very rude about it, and really it just made me feel like my loyal business with them is not appreciated. I have been understanding when half an eyebrow was ripped off, or I got a burn from waxing, or they screwed up the schedule and I arranged childcare for nothing because they couldn't fit in my scheduled appointment, or had a bad dye job that ended up staining my cheeks and coming off on the pillow for weeks. I would have hoped that they could have a little more class themselves and pay a little more attention to the fact that they are in the customer service business.
Scheduled an up-do here months in advance for a wedding.   Showed up 15 min early for my appointment and they had NO record or an up-do appointment.  These people never even put my appointment in their computer.   Luckily I found another salon who squeezed me in last minute.   Thank God for Haute Hair Salon!!
I came here once for a hair cut and the service was quick but poorly done. My haircut was with a "level 1" hairstylist, so it was about $33. I'm from NYC, so $33 for a haircut is shockingly inexpensive. I wanted a trim with layers; she cut about 1/2 inch (I think she was scared to cut more?) and no layers. I didn't realize she was finished until she started blow drying my hair. At this point I just figured the service was crappy and, even if I asked her to keep cutting, she wouldn't have done a good job. So she blow dryed my hair. I like my hair voluminous (I HATE straightening) and she started straightening my hair to get out any waves...but I like how the ends of my hair curl inwards after a nice blowdry. I left the salon w/ straight hair - pretty much the same as when I came in. The customer service: I thought the receptionist was nice. I was offered coffee (by the hair stylist) and my BF had a place to sit/read while I was getting my hair cut. Overall people seemed friendly.
My wedding party had a mani/pedi and hair session here recently, and my guests and I were well taken care of from beginning to end. Upon checking in, we were offered tea or coffee, and taken to a private area in the back, where we had our nails done. Casey, my manicurist, helped my choose a nail polish color that would be subtle, yet polished and professional. Everyone was friendly and courteous, and the other ladies in our party also had a positive experience. I recommend Satori for an afternoon of pampering!
The positive: the decor is really nice and it is very comfortable inside.  They take you to a private room if you are getting your eyebrows done. The negative:  I was either burned or scratched when I had my eyebrows waxed.  I didn't notice it till the next day when a two linear scabs started to form on my upper lid.  I was really surprised that something like that would happen, especially given the price I was charged for the service.
Great quality services but receptionists can have quite the attitude. Management does not seem too concerned about the customer's overall satisfaction in this regard either. But  If you can get past this when you call or visit, you will enjoy your experience. All of the service providers are professional, personable, and talented.
I've only had haircuts here, not any other services, but I've been happy each time. The staff is very professional and courteous, and doesn't push additional products or services. The space is pleasant and it's kept very clean.
Demitra is more than just a great hairstylist, she is an artist. I wanted to do a short, funky, kind of punk hairstyle and she was immediately excited about it. I found her because I saw this girl with an amazing haircut in town, and she referred me to Demitra. Now that I've moved back home to CT from school, I miss her dearly and she is impossible to replace! I felt so comfortable that no matter how funky or short I wanted it, that she would do an excellent job. And she always did! She was able to give me a short hairstyle that kept my femininity in it. And the designs she did on the buzzed half of my head were amazing. The place is no more pricey than what I would expect of a great salon and they don't pressure you to purchase any products. Customer service at the front desk was great too.
