Go to Heather or Casey. Kelly is my favorite but I think she cut down her hours for school. They are fantastic with short hair cuts for women. They don't make you look like a boy, they really know how to cat a feminine shape at a very short length and they know their stuff. The other hair dressers are great too, I just know that with short hair, go with Kelly, Casey, or Heather.
Super inexpensive and they did exactly what I wanted! I would recommend to any other college student who's looking for a cheap but good haircut.
I recently had my first visit to Cost Cutters to trim and layer my hair.   I was initially skeptical, as I have long thick curly hair and wanted to maintain the length.  Although the haircut is fairly simple, hair technicians have managed to botch my haircut before.   The place was pretty empty, which was probably due to the snow.  There were three technicians, two of whom already had clients when I arrived.  Eden promptly greeted and took care of me when I walked in.  As I previously mentioned, I was doubtful at first, as Eden appeared young, and so I assumed she was inexperienced.   We had a brief consultation and she proceeded to wash the gel out of my hair.  Not only was Eden incredibly friendly, but she really took her time cutting my hair and was very gentle.  To top it off the haircut was only $14.95, which is a bargain in comparison to other salons in the area (average cost of haircut is a minimum of $35).   I'm so glad Eden proved me wrong.  I am very pleased with my haircut.  I definitely plan on returning and requesting Eden every time my hair needs some TLC.  In regards to the other technicians, from what I observed, they were also friendly and took their time with client's hair.  Clients also appeared satisfied when they left the salon.
I've been completely happy with the cuts I've gotten over the last year and the highlights I just recently got. The value is great and I love to be able to just walk in or call ahead when I have the time instead of having to make an appointment. Each stylist I've had has been terrific.
Came here today for a simple haircut and I was very pleased. Daniel was my stylist and was a really nice guy/ did a great job with my hair! Also, since it was a Wednesday I got my hair cut for only $10, because this location does $10 haircuts every Wednesday. Who knew?
I was really nervous about going to a chain salon but just had a great experience.  Kelly did a fantastic job with my curly hair.  She was skilled, efficiient and friendly.  I will definitely be back.  It was such a bonus that the prices were so amazing.  Where else can you get a professional $40+ cut for only $14.95?
Good prices, good location, very upbeat and professional staff! Kyle did an excellent job coloring and cutting my hair while I was in town. Would definitely recommend him and this salon!!
I was skeptical about going to a chain place to get my roots touched up which  required a full head of highlights to be done but I ended up going there anyways because in the past I have never been really 'ok' with spending more than 100 dollars to get my hair done which, at little independently owned boutiques if your getting anything highlighted or dyed is a promise that your bill will be at least 100 and up. UPDATE:I now recall that the young woman who did my hair in addition to cutting it is named Rachel. In conclusion; she did a fantastic job on both the dye and hair cut job!  Take my advice if you dig how my hair looks in my litle avatar  image. Above & beyond job for a little more than 50.00 I am very impressed!, still.
We take our 3 year old there and they cut it for $8.00.  Awesome.
Tried this place out twice with mixed results. The last time, yesterday, was a huge disappointment. Told the young lady not to cut it too short because of cowlicks I have on the crown of my head. She carefully looked them over and cut the hair way too short. Her comment, "That will lay down by tomorrow." After returning home I discovered she had butchered my sideburns. One was cut at a ridiculous angle and a full inch shorter than the other side. Bottom line: If you want a traditional men's haircut go to a real barber.
