Best authentic Mexican food for miles... and the service is great!  Must stop when in Elmira.
Update:  there seems to have been a staffing change.  Gone are the staff that greeted you with a smile and understood your order.  The food is still the same, but the experience is more of a challenge and chances are that someone in your party will have their plate brought to the table with a mix up.  Also, the quick refills of drinks are no longer a given and the staff tends to congregate so you have to walk over to ask them for something.  And you get to play "which salsa is the hot salsa" because as it is set down now, if they DO tell you which is which, they say it so fast that you have to ask them to repeat it or sometimes they take off before you can ask.
Oh Garcia's, I miss you! The food here is simply authentic Mexican fare.  The flavors are clean and the dishes are well composed.  Don't get me wrong: the plates aren't a work of art, but your tongue will thank you for not judging an enchilada by its cover!  I was also an Elmira College kid and when I could actually afford to go out to eat, Garcia's was my chow of choice.  The prices are very reasonable (Their $10 lunch combinations are big enough to split) and their margarita's are very well made. Gracias, Garcia's!
Mmmm! I love Garcia's. The food is delicious and reasonably priced with generous portions. What I like is that in addition to regular Mexican fare, they serve vegetarian and American dishes as well. The wait staff are friendly and accommodating. It can get busy and that's when you might not see your server for awhile. I prefer to go in the afternoon when it's not very crowded. My favorite beverage is the blue margarita. They've got a decent list of mixed drinks, shots, and beer that will please anyone who just turned 21 to the recently retired! :)
I. Love. Garcia's. No, you don't understand. I really am in love with Garcia's restaurant. Think of margaritas & daiquiris close to the size of your head. Cheap!!! And GOOD! Think of all the free chips and salsa (GOOD) salsa you can eat. Think of tasty tasty tacos, taco salad, and chimichangas that you can fill up on. All those things, make up Garcia's. Garcia's is frequented by Elmira College students. I was one. I know. Everyone that ever visited me at school went to Garcia's and was instantly hooked and obsessed. The food is great, the drinks are even better, and it's the best place to go in Elmira for a good time with your friends & a bite to eat. I used to love to either Wine taste with my Cheer bitches & then end at Garcia's, or start the weekend off right there. A must go in Elmira. MUST!
The last two times my fiance and I have eaten here we have gotten sick....now it is blacklisted in our household...sorry...only eat here unless you want your colon cleansed....
My favorite restaurant in the Elmira, food is great and reasonably priced ... Beats the chain restaurants any day
The one place in central NY for authentic Tex Mex. I'm a born and raised Texan and was far far from home. This place took me back, from the authentic "tacky" decor to the perfect margarita. I was with a large bunch of Texas guys, and everyone agreed that their various entrees we legit. I will say the salsa was sadly weak, the sopapillas were large flat cinnamon crackers, and the flan was too dense. But those were minor criticisms. I mention only to recommend improvement. To EM, the margaritas were not cheap, but well done. To Jason E, the beans were from a can just like near every TxMEx restaurant in Austin. So what? Who goes out for the beans?
Awful Awful Awful!!! "Authentic" Mexican?!?!  The only thing 'authentic' about this dump is the handful of servers who are of Latin/Mexican/Spanish descent.  First of all, the margaritas were a pre-mix and bottom shelf tequila. It wasn't even poured properly, the tequila just sat on top.  Our food was clearly a frozen product, you can tell the quality of the food was compromised.  Made weeks-months in advanced, frozen and re thawed and reheated which comes to a bland and mushy product.  The chili sauce?  Chili sauce?!  It was a brown gravy, the re fried beans was a soupy mess, the burritos/enchiladas were barely filled with a tasteless ground beef.  You can tell that their fryer hasn't been cleaned because it had a burned/old taste. But, the chips and salsa were good, and the server was very friendly. Just because it is reasonably priced and has good parking doesn't make this a good restaurant!  You will get a more authentic meal spending less than $10 at a Taco Bell. My fiance and I were violently ill that evening following our dinner and had to cut our vacation short do to food poisoning.  If you know ANYTHING about food..please steer clear of this place!
Went last night because it was within walking distance of my hotel and the desk clerk told me it was good.  It was very, very good.  I had the steak fajitas and they were delicious.  The steak and veggies were presented on a sizzling platter with beans, cheese, guac, lettuce and sour cream on a second plate. I had their medium size marguarita which was just the right size for before during and after the meal.   Not fancy but very good food for casual dining. Friendly people and good service, good size menu.  plenty to choose from.  I enthusiastically recommend.
This was an ok Mexican place. Presentation of food was excellent. The food itself left something to be desired. Service was mediocre at best. The restaurant itself could definitely have been cleaner.
i love that this restaurant is located in a bowling alley. that being said, great margaritas here! i've never been disappointed with the food either, but the service isn't the best, far from it, most times. great place to go and get stuffed and tanked, then bowl a couple frames at the alley.
5 stars not because its the best Mexican food I' be ever had (its not, but I'm very picky about Mexican food) but it is without a doubt the best and only authentic Mexican restaurant in the area. The only other place around that tries is the embarrassing new mex place downtown corning. But ill review them on their own. This place however rocks and does the job when I start missing the south.
While the food is good here, the service and atmosphere is not.  Very poor lighting and slow table service keep me from not going back to this place.
Excellent Mexican food.  Easy parking.  I wouldn't say it is the BEST Mexican restaurant that I have ever been to, but it's right up there.
It had been years since I last came to Garcia's, so I decided to eat here on Saturday.  At some point over the years, they have remodeled, and the place looks much nicer, including a nice bar area.  I've always had good service here, and my most recent visit was much the same.  The place was very busy, and people seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Make sure to try a margarita - they are excellent.  I wish I could say the same for the food, however.  While it wasn't bad, it just wasn't great for me.  I had the chicken chimichangas (my favorite to order), and the chicken had little to no flavor.  Normally you get flavorful, shredded chicken, but in this case, I got chunks of chicken that tasted like they were boiled.  That said, you do get plenty of food with your order, and it is reasonably priced.
A Californian with a Mexican mother arrives into town and asks for an authentic Mexican restaurant. Garcia's was recommended. This place was a disgrace to my mother's authentic cooking and Mexican cuisine. The beans were disgusting. I will give them credit for the rice. The rice was quite good. But beans, come on now, you just simply can't mess up beans. I won't even consider the "tamal" nor "enchilada" that I consumed as food. It was simply disgusting. Great service, however. 1-star for mocking Mexican food.
My boyfriend and I were driving around Elmira to see what's happening in the town and to our dismay we didn't find anything to do. It was late in the afternoon and didn't know where we were or what to eat. We drove around for a bit to see what was appealing on the road. Then I decided to look on Yelp to see what was near by and the site provided Garcia's and had positive reviews. We drove by and saw the restaurant and decided to go there. The reviews were on the money! The food was excellent! They provided yummy chips and salsa and the portion from the $10 menu was definitely could serve 2 but I was really hungry so I ate the whole thing!! I would reccommend this place for authentic Mexican food. There service was excellent!
I enjoy going to Garcia's occasionally. It's on par with many of the most popular "Mexican" (Tex-Mex) restaurants around Dallas. BUT it's not an "authentic" Mexican restaurant. It's infinitely more authentic than Taco Bell, but truth is, it's a Tex-Mex (Mexican-for-Gringos) restaurant. If you are there to have a Margarita and get a lot of food for little money, you can have an enjoyable time. The specials are great if you are on a budget. If you are there because you love real Mexican food but you are stuck in upstate NY I'd suggest you stay away from the cheaper items. Look deep into the menu. There are some items that are a bit closer to the real deal. Ask your server for a recommendation. And ask for extra fresh cilantro. The best real Mexican food I've had has been in California. Especially on International Ave in Oakland. Dozens of "taco trucks" and small restaurants with REAL Mexican food prepared for the mostly-Mexican residents of the surrounding neighborhoods. Expect menus in Spanish and servers who don't speak English.   I have family in nearby Berkeley who I visit frequently. There is one truck in particular that I go to every time I visit the Bay Area. There are similar scenes in every city in California. No ground beef tacos at this truck. Instead you have a wide selection: carne asade (grilled beef chunks), al pastor (thin pork steak), buche (fried pig's esophagus), cabeza (beef head), lengua (tongue), chorizo (sausage), pescado (fish), pollo asado (grilled chicken), camarones (shrimp) and tripa (beef tripe). Their tortillas (steamed fresh not deep fried) are made from masa harina (white corn that has been prepared with mineral lime). Served with chopped onions, chopped radish, pickled carrots, lots of fresh cilantro, jalapenos, and six different salsas. Delicious. Garcia's is okay. But it's a long way from Cali.
food was terrible and  the last time the g/f and I went we both got sick....not doing that place anymore
Food was very tasty (but small portions), prices reasonable, the service good, decor was classic Mexicana. I would probably go again sometime.
Stopped for lunch, great prices and lunch specials. I would call it good Tex-Mex even after living in Dallas.
Love it. We lived in Dallas for many years and this comes close to what we had there. Service is always very friendly. Have been there many many times and have never once had a bad meal.
My favorite mexican place in the area.  Food comes out fast and it tasty!  Good times here!
This was not REAL Mexican food. The carne asada was just a piece of very dry think beef.  The salsa had no flavor. The tortilla chips were probably out of a bag, and not fresh. The refried beans had no flavor, but tasted like it was loaded with unnecessary fat. On the other hand, their service was very friendly, and the prices were decent. The flavored margaritas were delicious and fairly priced. However, the food is bland and NOT what real Mexican food should taste like. Sorry. Thumbs down.
