I can't say that I'm fanatical about this restaurant, but they are very, very good.  Oh, hell, our experience was great, 5 stars.  I had a gyro, my wife had chicken korma, both were delicious.  Prices are reasonable, it's a cozy place in-town where parking can be somewhat challenging, but it's well worth the effort (there's a pay lot that charges 25 cents an hour half a block away that should usually have an available space.)  Our server, who was also the downstairs bartender, was a lovely, engaging, efficient young lady.  They also have a good wine and beer selection.  I'm really, really happy to know about this place.  Oh, almost forgot, a special last night was a GREAT cinnamon ice cream.  Gotta eat here when you're here.
Such a great place! The service and food are wonderful...my only complaint is their hours. I want the bistro to be open more days if the week!
Def an Elmira gem! An eclectic menu which changes every week. Our food was creative, flavorful with unique twists to traditional dishes. Drinks are very reasonably priced, The service was great, complete with check ins from Max himself after I advised I had some food allergies. Only wish they would open more than 3 days a week - we'll be back!
The food here is incredible. I am addicted to the roast beef panini with the carmelized onion jam. My husband likes the chicken korma because it is spiced just right. I also appreciate that they serve an long list of Finger Lakes wines. We eat here often and Max sometimes will come out with a new dish for the patrons to sample while he works out the recipe. And don't forget the homemade ginger or cinnamon ice cream!
A gem!  After traveling for almost 11 hours from southern Indiana...on our way to Boston...we stopped for a very late dinner.   My husband and I prefer to dine local when possible.  Bistro 223 was even better than we anticipated!   We started our dinners with a cup of pumpkin soup and a house salad.  Both came with fresh bread which was made just a few blocksx away from a local bakery.  The soup's texture was creamy with just the right amount of spices. Our server came out before he brought the salad and soup and asked if feta cheese and walnuts could be added to the salad.  Umm!  What a great combination: fresh greens, olives,tomatoes, green peppers, celery and the house dressing.   For our dinners we had the chicken korma and the vegan spinach chickpea curry.  Both dishes were served with white rice, fresh pita and a small house salad.  Both dishes were the perfect blend of spices. As stated by others,not too over powering!   Even though I was stuffed and couldn't finish my food (no worries,my husband helped cleanly plate) we decided to split a dish of the homemade cinnamon ice cream.  It was decadent!   On top of the food being amazing, we had the place to ourselves save Max, the owner, John our waiter, Alma, the regular and Kristen, john's gf. Our company was friendly and fantastic to chat with!  We were there near closing time,but I hope the people of Elmira realize the gem they have in Bistro 223.
We discovered Bistro 223 when we visited this area this fall. The food was terrific. We had a chance to talk with Max; he is passionate about food! There was a mix-up in the order, so Max sent out an additional serving of fish that was excellent.
Great homemade ice cream and potato salad. The hummus was decent, but the pita bread wasn't as fresh as I would have liked it to be. Service was good.
Thanks YELP. An outstanding restaurant in the desert of Elmira. I wish your site was half as good as this place. Great food, nice drink menu, and a view of the river.  What a pain accessing the site but I'm glad I stuck with it.
So, to start with, the service was good. Apparently the guy who waited on us is also the owner, who seemed INCREDIBLY nervous but very friendly. He asked what kind of hummus we wanted and when I asked what one he likes he says he doesn't eat the food there... err? The hummus was definitely the highlight of our experience. Roast beef panini was nothing to write home about and the Thai pork curry was ok, bland and very obviously something happened during cooking because it was visibly curdled. Honestly I'm chucking an extra star on there because good on them for trying to do anything different in Elmira, which isn't exactly known for the variety of food available. Also the view of the river from the back of the restaurant is pretty neat!
I would love to add a review but when I went to go there, it was "closed temporarily."
Downtown Elmira has suffered greatly since an economic downturn beginning in 1972.  Whenever I return home to visit family I try to support those businesses that are there.  For the past 30 years there has not been one restaurant that serves healthful fare.  That has finally changed!  This is located very close to the river so if you choose a table in the back half, you can look out a very large window and see a great view.  The food was healthy plus Max (the owner?) was more than willing to cook anything the way we wanted it.  He even made me promise that if I did not like what I ordered, I would tell him and he would make me something different.  I also believe that it would be appropriate for family groups as he has a number of tables in an attractive alcove that could be pushed together to serve possible up to 20 people. We all shared the black bean fusion hummus, which he made fresh for us and used no salt (he knew I was trying to reduce sodium since so many restaurants use too much for me.)  Believe iit or not, it was fantastic.  The pita triangles that were served with it were plentiful and very fresh.  My mom and sister ordered the turkey panini with the chili sauce on the side since he had mentioned that it was a spicy sauce.  That turned out to be a good idea for them as it was VERY spicy but my hubbie would have loved that sauce on the sandwich.  The turkey was cut from a real turkey breast - not sandwich meat.  It was served with homemade cole slaw and potato salad.  My sister is certain those were made in house and they did not have too much dressing on them.  I chose the spinach garbanzo bean curry which was served with rice and green salad (all on the same plate.)  The curry was absolutely delicious - spicy but not so much you would sweat - and could easily be mellowed out with the white rice.  The green salad was a combination of Greek style (with bell peppers and feta cheese) plus greens and thinly sliced apples.  The dressing was great and there was just the right amount.   We could hear him tell patrons as they arrived how long it would be before they would be served so they could decide if they had time to wait.  I believe on this day he was doing everything - busing tables, cooking, taking orders.  If I did not live in CA, I would definitely be a regular at this restaurant.  :-)
Excellent!  Had the pumpkin soup... Out of this world! Orange Chicken salad, yummy.  Eat there and eat there often.
Their food is delicious.  I am a huge fan of the lamb curry and the varieties of hummus appetizers. The special flat bread they serve with everything is great.  Try their homemade ice cream!!  Their drinks are great, and there is something for everyone: special flavored martinis, beer on tap, variety of wines. I love their service and really feel at home there.  It is a friendly atmosphere and I highly recommend it. The amazing bartender, Liz will customize drinks to your liking. Great place!
