Great ambience, very kind staff, and delicious food!! The carrot cake is out of this world!!
Had a few recommendations to check out Charlie's and noticed a handful of positive reviews from Yelpers so my girlfriend and  I came for dinner hopeful and hungry.   The first 5 seconds were as bad as the last. We were greeted by the owner... Maybe I should rephrase. The owner was on the telephone and did not notice we were there until I went looking for someone. When I caught his attention, he proceeded to continue with his conversation on the phone, then without saying a word to either of us rose 2 fingers in the air, lost eye contact, walked us to a table, dropped menus onto a table, and then walked away. Warm welcome. The menu I initially thought might be a saving grace.  It is short and sweet not like your New American jack-of-all trades type restaurants. Usually this says that the restaurant has a few items that they specialize and will always be delicious. False here. To start I ordered the French Onion Soup, which was nothing special and took longer than expected. I even heard my waitress yell into the kitchen asking whether the soup was ready yet. That was both unprofessional and alarming. The broth of the soup did not have much onion or onion notes in it and veered on the salty side. Croutons and cheese atop were mostly standard and not worthy of more than mere mention. For my main dish, I had the Moroccan Vegetable Stew. It was a large portion of vegetables cooked in "Moroccan sauce" over a bed of couscous The description specifically noted "spices." The vegetables themselves appeared to be fresh and well cooked.  Unfortunately, what should have been peppermint undertones were awfully robust and completely overpowered any other flavors, spices, and accents that were present in the dish. Parts of the couscous were moist and well made while others parts clumped or were too wet. The service was far from exceptional. The old adage: lead by example, was exemplary. Charlie's may warrant a second look considering the other Yelpers generous scores but I am not in any rush to reevaluate.
upon initial inspection from the outside, I was pleasantly surprised to find what was inside. When one is not familiar with an area they plan to visit it can be difficult to weed through all of the reviews and decide which places are worth checking out. The atmosphere inside Charlie's was very nice. Not fancy but not drab. Multiple areas for dining, tables to the right in 2 rooms, booths to the left in the bar area. The place was bigger on the inside than it appeared. We were greeted and given the choice of dining room or bar and we chose the bar side in a booth. The host, waiter, and what I believe to be the manager/owner were all a delight. The food was delicious. The hubby had the Lamb Chops served with loosely mashed potatoes, and green beans and a hunk of acorn squash. I had the Haddock with Wild Rice and the same vegetables. We both went with locally sourced drinks, he had a beer and I had Wine from one of our favorite Finger Lakes wineries. The only reason this place isn't getting 5 stars is because of the service. Now don't get me wrong it wasn't bad, it was just a little slower than we thought it should have been. The place was pretty full for 6 pm on a Thursday and we had 7:30 tickets for a show.  Aside from this I would eat there again if we were in the area.
Very limited menu....maybe 12-15 items tops. The prices are very affordable and service is good...the reason I gave them 3 stars is because the amount of wait time for my meal. I was 1 of only 3 other tables and it took over 30 minutes for fried fish and fries! Besides that the decor is very nice and all else seemed good.
This place has changed hands a few times and this time... they got it right. Vickie and Peter Appelt create a space that is welcoming and charming with the right menu for everyone. What was impressive is how well run this place is. The people who work there really know their stuff, so that even a person with food allergies or special preferences can feel confident eating any of their delicious creations. I mentioned celiac disease and when the bread came out... they had gluten free bread available. When the desserts came out, so did a double chocolate cupcake with my name on it! Now that is service! Additionally, their wine list is good. Their salads and soups yummy. Also, they have a polenta with mushrooms that is worth your trip.
I met a group of coworkers for dinner, and with a reservation, they made no attempt to put any tables together for us.  We ended up moving tables ourselves. I was quickly served my beverage as we waited for the last to arrive.  The menu looked diverse, covering everything from salads, pasta, fish, chicken, pork and beef to vegetarian.   I had the pan seared salmon.  It was just okay.  It had a weird coating on it.  The person next to me had the ribeye, and it was THE thinnest ribeye I had ever seen.   After reading all of the positive reviews, I was really looking forward to Charlie's Cafe.  Maybe it was being in a larger group, or maybe I hit an off night, but there are other restaurants I would rather go to, especially for the price. I was going to give two stars, but considering the good service, I went up to three.
I really enjoyed my meal here! I had a salad as an entree, with spinach and mushroom and a few other veggies. Best vegetarian food I have found in the area! I was told the desserts were amazing but we were too full to try any! I'm regretting that decision now! I was also impressed by the overall character and charm, not just of the building, but the staff too. Coming from an industry insider, that's big props!
I have been to Charlie's Cafe numerous times.   The food is of good quality and the service always prompt and attentive.  Portions are of normal size.  The menu is varied and is changed on a regular basis.
I used to love going to Charlies years ago when I went to college in the area. It seemed to close for a bit but is open 7 days a week now.  I finally made it back there while visiting the area this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised! The menu has not changed all that much (a good thing) and the food, service and prices were just great. They had a variety of vegetarian options, a great wine list, and interesting specials. The Sunday brunch is also fantastic. Great prices for really interesting breakfast dishes. The stuffed french toasts was awesome and for $7 also a great deal. And the complimentary fresh donuts were the iciing ont he cake.
Charlie's is BACK!   Charlie's used to be my favorite lunch destination in Elmira until it closed not too long ago and I learned to forget the deliciousness that it was until lo and behold it reopened with new owners.  I went there for the first time in several years last week and my love affair with Charlie's has been rekindled.....except for a few oddities here and there. First of all, we made reservations since we were a party of five which can be tricky to accommodate.  They sat us in the room to the far right which we shared with two tables of little old ladies playing cards!  It looked like they were regulars and the conversation at times got a little heated.  Every now & then they would switch tables to play with different partners.  It was totally bizarre and we would have preferred to sit elsewhere but alas, the place was packed!  (Good for them, bad for us.) Anyway, I had the Rachel which is like a Reuben but made with fried fish....YUM!  For a side, I chose the sweet potato fries which were twice fried and served with honey....SUPER YUM!!  Our server kept the iced tea flowing which was definitely a plus.   The decor is almost exactly the same as I remembered it.  The one drawback was that the service was SLOW....which may have been due to the ladies card tournament going on nearby, who knows.  But and hour and half for lunch is a bit much in my opinion.  If they could speed things up just a bit, I would happily give them five stars!
Charlie's Cafe was just up the street from us and  we were avid fans from the time they first opened their doors back in 2002 or so. Good quality, savory, home-cooked style food with modest (read: normal) portion sizes. Typically, they've had choices for vegetarians, but probably not for vegans. The vegetables were always done nicely, if simply--not overcooked & a tasteless after thought as is often the case in Western NY. Their desserts are home made; my favorite used to be the yellow cake with orange buttercream frosting. All this in a charming little old-timey setting of chintz, old brass, and old painted wooden furniture. When I think back to the three years that I lived in the area, this restaurant is one of the brightest spots in my memories. Next time I stop to visit friends there, I'm going to Charlie's Cafe.
Had brunch here once and will never go back.  The service was slow, food was horrible and the price was outrageously high.  I hope that the chef was having a bad day, because if the quality continues to go downhill then that place will close for sure.
Have been there twice now. Service has been excellent both times. Their french onion soup is wonderful. The specials are dishes you won't see around Elmira generally speaking. Which is nice. The prime rib was not the best I've ever had, a bit chewy. The burger was very good, hand cut fries. I would definately recommend Charlies. I'm looking forward to trying many other dishes there.
I went to Charlie's to celebrate my wifes Birthday.  The building is older but has character.  When we arrived there were a couple of open tables but has to wait for a couple of minutes for them to clear one off.  No biggie, then the girl who went to do that vanished after cleaning it?  We did sit down and a different waiter came over, we ordered drinks and our meal.  The salad and bread took what seemed like forever to come out.  We then had a longer wait for our dinner, meanwhile our drinks were both empty and no one checked on us.  Finally the dinner arrived but again a major lack of service.  The meals range from $15-$30 so not cheap but yet fairly reasonable.  So the service was lacking big time.  The time we placed our order to the entree's arrival was a solid hour.   The Food on the other hand was fantastic.  I loved my ceasar salad, not sure I was starving but it tasted incredible, my wife ordered the Filet and I had a fish dish and again it was outstanding!   Bottom line service stinks food was great!  I guess if one had to be bad....well I would prefer bad service.
I love Charlie's.  I think a previous reviewer put it best when they said it is "Casual, but classy."  The host, bartender and waiting staff were very friendly and welcoming. Their salads and dressings are always fresh and flavorful - although I do not tend to order them as main courses. At this restaurant, I would.  Any dinner item containing crab is a must eat.  Try a few "seasonal items:" pumpkin soup - fresh, hearty, and not sweet, just the way I love it. The grape pie. YES, grape pie. Its sweet, fruity and not what you expect. They will heat it and add ice cream. Also, I have enjoyed the blackened swordfish, seared tuna and key west chicken. These are my favorites.  The prices are decent, and the style is gourmet.  In bigger cities, these dishes would cost double.
La bouillabaisse (a special) was great. Great ambiance.
Very charming.  Very vintage.  Straight forward menu (both drink and dinner) with some twists.  Extra shout out for taking us in five minutes before the kitchen closed and being gracious.  Good execution on meals and large portions. Chef obviously knows what he is doing.  Reasonable prices for high level of cuisine and service.  Will stop again.
Love it here. The staff is very friendly and very attentive. The wine list is great.  And they have a great well stocked bar too. Their menu is very strong. Notably -- their fish fry is addictive it's so good. Sweet potato fries are amazing - battered and delicious.  Their other dishes are great too.  Go here :)
Awesome! Great combination of nice/casual dining, great food, good prices. Menu is very creative and well prepared. French Onion Soup is tops!  We were too full to try dessert... Next time.
I had a pleasant dinner at Charlie's several years ago, but didn't have the opportunity to return until early Spring 2010.  I understand they have changed owners at least once in the last few years.  I am happy to report my experience this time was even better than that first experience. The atmosphere at Charlie's is a comfortable combination of cozy pub and charming cafe/restaurant on the casual side of elegant.  You enter via a very small foyer.  To the left is a smallish room with dark decor and a small bar with a bit of an upscale pub-like feel (quaint old "My goodness... my Guiness!" plaques on the wall).  To the right is a more brightly decorated section that leans more to the cozy elegant style.  Patrons were in jeans as well as in dressier slacks and skirts on my Friday night visit. The menu is available online (with prices).  The dinner menu spans a nice range of prices, from $8.50 burgers and sandwiches to $34 surf and turf.  There are separate lunch and Sunday brunch menus.  They serve beers and have a sizable wine list, but not being a wine-lover I can't comment on its quality (it's online as well).  I don't know if they serve mixed drinks. On my visit I had a French Onion Grantine Soup as a starter.  It was excellent, one of the best I've had (outside my aunt's kitchen!).  For my main dish I had the $8.50 Rachael fish sandwich, a fried fish variation on the Reuben.  It was the best fish sandwich I've ever had!  The fish of the day was haddock, and it was perfectly cooked.  On the side I opted for sweet potato fries, and they were outstanding.  My girlfriend and I have a fondness for sweet potato fries, since having them on our first date at a local (Ithaca) hangout that has closed.  We've been looking for a replacement---I think I've found it!  They are very lightly battered, fried just right so they are light and puffy, and they are served with just the slightest drizzle of something sweet on them (honey?).  Mmm mmm.  The portions were large but not overwhelmingly so; I took about 1/3 of the sandwich and fries home.  By the way, the takeout box was a nice (compostable!) pressed-paper container instead of styrofoam. My waitress didn't give me much attention (e.g., never came for a drink refill), however, I gather from overhearing some conversations by the kitchen (on a trip to the restroom) that they had a surprise shortage of help that night:  one woman was handling host, waitress, and server duties.  She did it without making a fuss, keeping a smile and a calm demeanor, and it impressed me. I had no problem getting seated as a single on an early Spring Friday at 6:30pm, but they recommend reservations, and most of the patrons that came in had them.  I was able to park right on Hoffman St., in front of the Cafe. The one down side is that it was rather cold and drafty at my table, two in from the door on the pub side.  The foyer is very small with just one door to the outside.  Curtains on the two side entrances to the dining rooms would probably help. Highly recommended.  I can't wait to go back with my girlfriend for those sweet potato fries!
Great lunch spot.  fantastic food, service, and atmosphere.  Casual but classy. No Televisions or music blaring.  The place to go when you actually want to enjoy the company of the person you're with.
