Definitely a must try when you are in the area! Sandwiches are fresh with real meat (not deli meat). Paninis are hot and delicious. Carrots and grapes are a great alternative instead of chips and salsa
My wife and I stopped here had a great dinner, I had the chicken salad sandwich on pita my wife had the roasted veggie panini, both are excellent. Nice atmosphere and wait staff was great. Thanks for everything.
Stopped in again and unfortunately received a mediocre drink.  I didn't realize the coffee is steamed as I order upfront. She steamed the coffee and set it aside for a few minutes while she discussed something with someone else and then made the espresso. Was lukewarm at best. And more of a latte versus a cappuccino. Guess I will stick with the food here for just cross it off my list.
Clean place, delicious food and premium quality coffee. There is big TV  with comfy couches around, regular tables and chairs by the walls. Also one nice thing is the concert piano by the corner. I don't know whether they play or not but it adds some charm to place...
Soo legit!!! Everything down to the menu and the service! Soo good and refreshing to have healthy options in this area!
Plenty of healthy food options available.  The menu can cater to those who are vegan or have food allergies.  They offer a soup that's made fresh each day as well as their vegan chill which is always available.  They now offer a dinner menu during the week which gives their menu more variety.  How can you not like their fresh smoothies, hot or iced coffee drinks and their wide array of baked goods!
I love the atmosphere of Turtle Leaf and the fact that they try to put healthy options on their menu. Carrots and grapes in lieu of greasy fries is a genius idea that more places need to adopt. I come here almost weekly for their strawberry Turkey brie sandwich; it's one of the best sandwiches I've had, and I'm a city foodie so that's saying a lot for me. Unfortunately, I haven't found much else on their menu that compares. Their baked goods always look better than they taste (the cupcakes are pretty good, though) and their fresh juices are always ruined by an inordinate amount of pulp left behind. Seriously, my home juicer does a better job. I like the idea of the store, though, and it's very community friendly and comparably healthy, so I keep coming back.
A refreshing little place to grab a meal to go, but you'll also enjoy eating in.   My beef and shitake multigrain panini was satisfying and tasty.  I loved the carrot sticks and grapes on the side.   I hear they make great efforts to serve organic and local products where possible.  Their menu includes an eclectic offering of breakfast items, sandwiches, salads, soups, fresh juices and baked goods.  A bit "Panera-esque" in atmosphere and menu, but nice to support a locally owned enterprise.
It is so refreshing to find a restaurant nearby that is so healthy and delicious! I have been there several times and had various salads and sandwiches with success every time. I love that they serve baby carrots and grapes as a side to the sandwiches. Service is quick and the servers are friendly. Great little place.
The wait for food is too long. My group had to leave because it took way long to get lunch. Hire more help!
Really like the healthy alternative of grapes and carrots to go with the sandwiches. The atmosphere is nice due to the friendly staff. It makes you want to sit and enjoy a smoothie/coffee. I also like the different daily specials and soups
The food here is excellent. It actually healthy! That's hard to find when you're eating out now a days. Enjoyable atmosphere. I will be back
Yay Yelp!  Found this great place only minutes from the ELM airport. What a nice way to share a meal with family before departing. The cheddar, ham, pear sandwich was delish!
Food was delicious and the coffee was great. I would definitely come here again!
Thank you for amazing service and delicious sandwich. Amazing service and really nice people. They made my day! What a great start of the day. The strawberry banana smoothie is delicious
First visit gets it a solid 4 stars.  My wife and I shared sandwiches. The roasted vegetable panini and the veg wrap.  Both were excellent.    We also had their soup of the day, cheese tortellini and kale, WOW!  The soup came with an delicious blueberry muffin.   I washed it down with an equally delicious  green tea. The atmosphere is great, newly remodeled.   This area has needed a spot like this for too long. Off to a great start, in time I'm hoping for an expanded menu.  We will be back to try everything else.  It could go 5 stars.
This is a wonderful little cafe tucked into a strip mall in Horseheads. The food was great, the staff was friendly and helpful. I highly recommend it.
The turkey strawberry brie panini was really good, their antipasta could have been better. The atmosphere was nice and hope to see more from it.
Business moved.  Check tip below for new address.
