I'm a bit of a food snob from New York City and did extensive research on where to eat in Elmira during a recent night stay.   All the good review places were closed (we arrived 8pm on a friday) so we ended up here.  Our expectations were low.  I wanted to order the crab cakes, but my fear of food poisoning made me order the spinach salad, wontons and a frozen margarita.   Out came some of the freshest and tastiest food of a 5 star restaurant that melted in our mouths.  The freshest spinach salad perfectly garnished with delicious dressing, goat cheese, sweet potato and light bacon sprinkle, sided with golden bread that seemed to have come right out of the oven and the freshest wontons with delicious dipping sauce that were so amazing we immediately placed a second order.   I don't know what the deal is with the negative reviews on here, but I believe there must be a new chef in town.  Supposedly he's from the Bronx the waitress told us.
Ok, so Wednesday they advertise corn beef and cabbage. They were sold out by 7pm. Also on Wednesdays they advertise live music after 8pm.... It's now 8:30 and no music. Beer came out warm, service is terribly slow with no personality. I would rank the food but we've been waiting far beyond an acceptable amount for it to come out. Being of Irish descent, I love visiting Irish pubs, but unfortunately Horigan's would be the worst I've ever visited.
Had dinner at Horigan's last night with family and friends. My first impression once I walked in the door was a typical bar. My family assured me that they served wonderful food. We had a nice quaint booth in the back to ourselves, noise level around 6 PM was very pleasant.. Much to my surprise by 8 PM it was standing room only and you could hardly hear the person talking seated next to you. It's my understanding they have a wonderful following for trivia nights.. The food was far better than I would've expected from a bar kitchen, I had the seared salmon and my girlfriend had the peanut crusted chicken breast. The portions were pleasantly sufficient, and they take great effort in presenting the food in an elegant way. Dinner prices were nicely affordable. I would love to give Horigan's four stars, however this is why they're getting only three today. Service is everything...! We placed our wine and margarita orders at the same time as the waitress took our entrées order, first round of drinks were delivered promptly. Once the entrées arrived we ordered another round of drinks, we all finished our meals and even ordered and ate our desserts before the drinks arrived. While waiting for our wine and margaritas we even requested glasses of water, it seems like we waited forever before the water arrived. We ended up canceling the round of drinks that never arrived. Bars and restaurants typically make more profit off the beverages than they do the entrées, not sure what went wrong here folks!! Our wait staff only received a 15% tip, I hope that our waitress was more upset with the slow to react bartender then at us. I'm looking forward to returning to Horigan's soon to give it another try and to experience the fabulous food and service I'm told they are known for.. I will happily return and edit my review and give them four or maybe five stars if it's a better experience!
This place is hit and miss for me.  A month ago, I went here for lunch with a coworker and ordered a chicken breast sandwich that was ice cold and nasty.  I refuse to come here for dinner anymore because the service is quite bad when they are busy.  Mr. P and I were seated for dinner on two separate occasions and waited over 15 minutes before staff even acknowledged that we were even there...The waitresses just walked on by and smiled.  Needless to say we got up and left.   My coworkers and I went to lunch here a few days ago and waited a whole hour for our lunch.  I had to get my lunch "to go" because I had an appointment I didn't want to miss.  One of my coworkers decided to just go back to work and cancelled his order.  My other coworkers stated that they had to get their lunch to go as well soon after I left because their lunch hour was up as well.  My coworkers noted they did not get an apology or even an acknowledgement that they were running behind with their orders. Walls and stuff are dirty with cobwebs etc.  Wait staff seems to not know the menu and prices and will charge you different prices for add ons such as fries and such depending on what waiter/waitress you get. Some good things:  They do have some pretty cool bands and musicians on the weekends  The atmosphere is great to go and just hang out and have a glass of wine with some friends.  They have popcorn to munch on too while you are there drinking.  This place is the place to be on Saint Patricks day of course as well as after Jackals Hockey Games...have seen a few of the hockey guys hanging out there afterwards all decked out in their suits having a few drinks.  Mr. P loves their Shephed's Pie which they make with lamb and when it is made fresh is quite yummy.  You can't find that here in Elmira elsewhere.   The question is do I want to overlook the negatives in order to get the Shepherd's Pie? Overall...I really dislike this place.  If it wasn't for the convenient location and my coworkers and Mr. P's influence when choosing somewhere to eat...I usually just try to suggest going somewhere else.
Good place for occasional live music and a generally friendly crowd. The service has gone downhill the last few times I have been in town visiting a friend. The food is still quite good and reasonably priced, but they never refill your water and the food takes forever to come out even on slow nights. Beers are a bit pricey for Elmira, but overall an ok bar/restaurant.
I make my boss take me to Horigan's for lunch meetings.  Where else can you get a salmon BLT sandwich with sweet potato fries?!? The decor is typical Irish pub.  The service is quick & friendly.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced.  Their desserts are ENORMOUS!  I especially love that you can help yourself to freshly popped popcorn from an old time popcorn cart.   Definitely a great place to check out for lunch in downtown Elmira.  The challenge is that it's kind of out of the way so if you don't know that it exists you might not ever find the place!
Visited Horigan's for the first time the other evening for dinner with my parents (who eat there often). The ambience was very nice and I was impressed with my filet mignon. Besides the green vinyl seats needing some repair I would definitely come here again, no doubt about it.  It looks like they are pretty busy even on week nights.
Quality of food seems to be decreasing lately, or varies at the minimum.  Portion sizes are also getting smaller, which makes it more expensive to have a good meal here.
Good beer, only fair food, for the price.  Check out trivia night on Tuesdays in the fall and winter.
One of the best places to dine in Elmira! Great Irish hospitality! Try the French Onion Soup. Best I've ever had. (I know. I know. It's an Irish place and I'm excited about the French soup. Oh well, whatta ya gonna do?)
The service is friendly and the beer is cold. I was here for ash Wednesday, so u got to have the fish and chips, which is very good.
Stpped her for dinner with relatives. Nice neighborhhod establishment. What you see is what you get
Amazing.  Easily hands down the best casual restaurant in entire area. The food is seriously amazing.  I've had the burgers many times.  Their more classic dinner entrees are delicious too. Go here!!  And seriously compared to every other "bar style" restaurant in town - Horigan's is by far the best.
Grew up in Elmira, and this restaurant was popular with my Irish family. It is my favorite Irish pub in Elmira - it is a nice restaurant with bar. The food have been great every time I visited Horigan's.
Great food and fun bar.
