This is a small corner restaurant located in Hanover Square in the village of Horseheads. It is one open dining area with tables, a small handful of booths, and a semi-open kitchen. Not fancy, but neat, clean and a little chic/cool in its own way. You may even get your water served in a plastic cup (and that's ok!). A nice menu with good variety, not huge (which I personally like not having 100 different choices), but certainly something for everyone.  The parking is on-street parking, but we have never had an issue finding a space. First off, let me tell you...they have the BEST Garlic Ties I have ever tasted, and anyone whom I have ever dined there with agrees wholeheartedly! Homemade bread knots sprinkled with Pecorino cheese, fresh torn basil, and then drizzled with an olive oil/butter/fresh garlic mixture. To die for!! Trust me and order these - you won't be disappointed! I have not sampled everything on the menu, but have never been disappointed in a single thing I've tried. Personally I love the pasta entrees: especially the Chicken Riggies, as I love the spicy kick the cherry peppers adds to the dish.  I also love Louie's Chicken Carbonara with mushrooms, pancetta, and a wonderful creamy carbonara sauce.  Every dish has a nice presentation, Apis very consistent, and the prices are in line with the quality of the food. The service is friendly and attentive. This is a go-to place for me where I know I can always count on a great meal every time.
Great food. Great atmosphere. Had the white pizza and added tomatoes. Twists and the dipping bread was amazing. Try the Ithaca Pale Ale!
We had a phenomenal experience here tonight.   We had the garlic ties, and they were excellent.   I had the steak with garlic butter,  garden vegetables,  with a side salad.   Jen had the gnocchi special with the tomatoe soup.  Josh also the soup, and the ravioli. They both thought the soup was fantastic.   My steak was cooked perfectly,  the garlic butter was also very good.  Jen and Josh both enjoyed their choices, and did not feel that there were any problems.   Service was spot on, with good suggestions,  and were approximately attentive.   An excellent dining experience.
You can always count on good food from Louie's. My family live their pizza and can't get enough of the garlic twists!
- Often quite busy but the wait for a seat, if any, is fair. - Service is good but not great, can be a bit long. - Shortage of availability of listed beers. Menu review: - "Chicken and Greens" Delicious and flavorful! However, the broccoli raab was a bit over cooked, could have had a bit of crunch for me.   - "Greens and Beans" The sausage was dry and tough (may have been overcooked) but the canellini bean were cooked well and flavorful. - "Louies Special" pizza Very good thin crust pizza with scoops of ricotta and their pepperoni - delicious! the sausage on this was very good and not dry.
I don't understand the fuss, unless  your taste buds are dead.  First, our waitress was snotty, my husband asked i they had Yuengling and she pointed to the wine list and said "everything we have is listed in there". AND they DON'T have Yuengling. We then waited 15 minutes for her to return (we were only the 3rd couple in the place) to place our order.  The wings were flabby not crisp, the bruschetta was made with cheap (the kind that come 3 in a tube) unripe and flavorless tomatoes, the bread was to thick and it was not asiago cheese but Parmesan on top as the menu stated.   Next came out "Gourmet" white pizza.  Overly rubbery mozzarella with 5 tiny lumps of ricotta and a few basil leaves and an obvious taste of powdered garlic.  The crust was ok, but nothing to write home about.  I make a better one from the recipe off the yeast packet.  So $50 later, (2 apps, 1 pizza and 1 beer) I am wishing we would have just stayed home. All in all, my husband and I are still searching for "our" place. Steer clear if you want a pleasant meal, and realize that a lot of the "rave" reviews are most likely friends of the owner, like we did to late.
I was pleasantly surprised to find a vegan option on the menu. I ate a cheese-less pizza covered in a great variety of vegetables, with fresh basil and pine nuts. It wasn't terribly filling and could have used more pine nuts to help the flavor. Other people's pizzas looked really good though. I remember it being a little on the pricey side for what they were serving. Service was good, and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere. I will definitely try again next time I'm in the area.
I've only ever been to Louies for lunch and I can honestly say that it's one of my favorite spots in the area. They have a great menu that features a variety of salads, sandwiches, wraps and thin crust pizzas.  Everything is tasty and fresh.  The service is excellent.  The atmosphere is very hip and "urban".   What I tend to crave most from Louies is their pomodoro tomato soup!  Seriously....I hate tomato soup but this stuff is AMAZING!!
YUM!!!  What a great spot!  My friend who still lives in the area insisted we stop into this gem.  I had a cup of the soup of the day (a little bland honestly, it was chicken noodle but whatever) and the italian sandwich.  It was a ton of food and I had to take the sandwich home.  I saw awesome looking pizzas at the other tables and I know what I will be gettting next time! The sandwich I had was built with italian meats, lettuce, tomato and cheese.  SOOO good!  Wine selection is big enough so you can find something that fits your palate.  The waitress was so nice giving me two tiny testers of wines I had never heard of before I found one I liked.  Thanks guys!  Cant wait to be back!
Great restaurants are often an extension of the owner, I guess bad ones are too. In this case the owner brings a ton of authenticity to Louies. The Italian roots are authentic right down to passion for growing his own herbs... one could stop there and know this place would kick butt.. nothing is over looked.. and the attention to detail flows, from the colors in the decor to the font on the menu, to the offerings, server style.. the whole persona works.. Its a blessing for the southern tier.. keep an eye on this guy as he brings the trifecta: passion for food, brains, and style   my only suggestion... Ricotta Pie could be much better, but then again my standard is very high. Ive brought my young Serbian friends, business contacts and even my elderly parents... all good. My suggestion on how to enjoy this.. on afternoon, with no pending plans come in order a full pie, have a cold beer or 2, linger a tad and have a rockin espresso.
This place was a surprisingly key find. Easily exceeded our expectations. Excellent thin/crispy crust personal pies. Good service. A nice all around menu in a particularly unique & casual cafe atmosphere for this area. Will definitely go back when up that way again.
We found Louie's based on Yelp reviews, and I'm glad we did.  We made a reservation earlier in the day, which I'd recommend based on how packed it was.  Just about every table had a 'Reserved' sign on it. We had the Wild Pizza as an appetizer and it was really good.  It could have used a few more mushrooms, but the sauce was good and the crust was crispy and delicious. I ordered the tortellini special with the lobster bisque and my husband ordered the cheese raviolis with marinara and a house salad.  The lobster bisque was just ok and the house salad wasn't anything fancy.  However, the bread that we got with our meal was fantastic.  I would go back for the warm bread and dipping oil any day. Our meals were both decent sized portions.  My husband devoured his raviolis and from what I tasted, they were very good.  My tortellini was in a creamy pesto sauce with bruschetta and spinach and it was delicious.  The pasta seemed fresh, but I'm not sure that it was made in house.  I ended up taking half of my dinner home in order to save room for dessert.  We shared a cannoli and it was amazing.  Filled all the way through with a crispy, crunchy shell...really good. Service was great, but I thought it was a little odd that they served water and drinks in plastic, disposable cups. I'd go back if we were in the area again.  Great food!
I have eaten here twice and ordered the filet both times. The first time it was cooked perfectly medium rare. The second time I had to send it back as it was cooked at least medium well. It still came back more grey than I tend to like. It must have been a different chef that night. Wings are good. Cannoli are also good. I was pleasantly surprised as my expectations were somewhat low being that it was in Horseheads. We will definitely go back. Atmosphere is nice and while it is small it doesn't seem loud or crowded.
Hey, what's that's hip modern place on the corner? "It's Louie's. Everything is good at Louie's." My friend who grew up in Horseheads told me that she had to go to Louie's every time she came home. Since it was my first time in the area (and my friend was home), we had a bite here for lunch after Black Friday shopping. Between me and my friend we ordered the gourmet white with tomatoes as an extra topping. Everything on the thin crust pizza was fresh. The flavors danced together in harmony very well. I'm looking forward to making future roadtrips down to the town of Horseheads to try everything else on Louie's menu. The only thing I have to complain about my first experience was that my macchiato was weak. It tasted like watered down espresso. Plus, a third of the beverage was foam. It's almost Christmas, but I have no intention of getting a white beard like Santa. Service was slow. Granted,  they were busy and at least one of the servers was a trainee. Decor is modern and clean. Overall, Atmosphere-8/10 Service-7.5/10 (Refilled our beverages as needed) Food-8.5/10
Fantastic! It's always nice going during the lunch hour, the girls are nice and are on top of things. The food is fantastic epically the white pizza.
I've only been to Louies twice and with good reason.  Their caprese sandwich is sub-par and come on, it's not that hard to get it right.  Also, it costs $9 for a sandwich of tomato, cheese, and greens.  That's just absurd.
I just had the opportunity to eat at Louies last night.  I never knew that food could taste this good!  The service was great and the atmosphere was very casual.  Everyone at our table had something in their glass at any given time, which shows that the staff is very customer service oriented.  The food was amazing and I hope to get the chance to eat here again.  Highly recommend!
Louie's Hanover Square is an impressive little cafe located right on Hanover Square in Horseheads.  The atmosphere is very laid back and at the same time very cosmopolitan as if it belongs in NYC.  They offer various pasta, steak and veal dishes as well as sandwiches and wraps. I had the baked tilapia, which was okay.  I would probably try something different next time. The prices are okay. I might go back next time for a sandwich or wrap instead of dinner.
Pretty Solid of a date spot. its a clean quiet location with great food. and unlike most restaurants, you can actually have a decent conversation with your date because its quiet enough to hear them.
I found Louies Hanover Square based on reviews on Yelp when on vacation last week and I am happy to say that we were not disappointed. Definitely a small place that filled up very quickly. We made reservations for 5:30pm on a Friday, but did not need them, though I would recommend it for later in the evening because it started to fill up quickly before we left. My husband and I each had a cup of the lobster bisque which was absolutely delicious. We also shared a medium Margherita pizza and I loved the thin crust. My daughter had a chicken caesar wrap and could not finish it because it was so large, but in her words, the best wrap she has ever had.
We stopped into Louie's on our way through the region adhad a delightful lunch.  We weren't expecting too much but the food was great, the ambiance was very pleasant, and the desserts were good.  The wild mushroom pizza is very good.  Our server was friendly and helpful as well.
Great menu with something for everybody. Have always had a great meal and service.
Over the last 10 years or so, Hanover Square has become a great place to eat out, and Louie's is no exception.  The Italian restaurant scene in Horseheads really is the best in the area.  It's night and day how much more modern and hip the Italian restaurants are here, compared to the ones in Elmira that can't seem to get out of the 70s (I still love The Palms though!).  Inside Louies, the atmosphere is great - it matches that of a big-city bistro.  You almost forget that you are in Horseheads, NY when you are in this place.  While the menu is smaller and more focused, you still have the option to choose either more traditional Italian dishes, or more innovative, modern dishes.  The presentation of the food is excellent - plates always come out looking fresh and vibrant.  I've had chicken and steak here, and both were excellent.  Service is good too.  Make sure you call ahead for a reservation - it can be tough to find a table if you just walk in without calling ahead.  Another highly recommended restaurant in Horseheads.
great service, the pizza is VERY different than any other pizza you can get in the area. decent beer list, too. great atmosphere.
If you're headed north to the Finger Lakes region, I recommend stopping by Louies Hanover Square for a nice meal. The restaurant is centrally located in a town called Horseheads. A nice plus is that street parking was easy to find around dinner time. As soon as we entered the restaurant, we were greeted by the waitress/hostess and were free to choose our own seats...we took the last booth. Looking around, I noticed the decor is clean, modern, and hip. It took me a while to figure out what to get because the menu had a lot of variety. I think this is a good thing if you're dining with a big group. There's something for everyone here. I finally decided to get the chicken quesadilla for appetizer and the chipotle chicken pizza. My bf ordered the tomato soup with swiss cheese (pomodoro) and the penne vodka. I have to admit, one taste is all it took. That soup is marvelous! It was creamy, smooth, perfectly warm, a nice balance of tomato and swiss cheese. I wish I had ordered it myself! The appetizer, chicken quesadilla, was crispy and not overly cheesy. Same thing goes for the chipotle chicken pizza...loved the spice of the chipotle and jalapenos. It set my taste buds on fire! The only entree that we weren't raving about was the penne vodka. After tasting the soup, the sauce in the penne vodka tasted like some of the soup we just had earlier. I had hoped for a thicker vodka sauce with the pasta. There was also too much sauce in the pasta dish...so by the end, there was a pool of vodka sauce in the bowl. Nonetheless, our experience was great and the service was excellent. There was only ONE waitress for the whole restaurant that night and she was above and beyond. I wish I could have gotten her name because she made sure our glasses were filled with water and that we had everything we needed.
We had a phenomenal experience at Louie's a few nights ago. What was so great? - Garlic Ties : You've got to get them. They are the best garlic knots I've ever had, hands down. - Margarita Pizza :  Thin crisp crust, sweet flavorful tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, the execution was perfect - Chicken Riggies : This dish was really tasty, but not quite spicy to warrant the name Riggies. I thought it was more like a Penne Ala Vodka with Chicken and a little red pepper flakes. I like my Riggies spicy. - Kids Menu Quesadilla : My son was in heaven. They use some of the higher quality mozzarella in a large shell. Made for a great item, plus the got it served quickly. The staff here were really great. They were very accommodating for our family and offered some great ideas of what to order. All in all, a great night out.
