June 12, 2014 Thursday - dinner 6 PM 5 adults and 3 kids Atmosphere - 5 stars Food - 5 stars Service - 5 stars Background - My last night in New York so having a big dinner with all of the family. Atmosphere - Wow when it comes to a Texas Roadhouse they are cookie cutters.  The one in Reno, where I live, looks just like this one.  Once into the seating are the place is almost maze like.  We got a booth and a table pushed up against it, not bad.   Food  Drinks - Just water.  Appetizer - Free peanuts in the shell and bread.  My Main Course - New York strip, cooked perfectly.  The steak was seasoned with a "southwest" flair to it.  Dessert - none. Service - For having 8 people in our party our waitress was great.  It is always a challenge with large numbers with several kids.     Future - Probably the next time we visit as my parents love the place.  Wow I just said that about Ruby Tuesday.
Really like their atmosphere. The best thing is you can see the steak in raw before you order it. Free peanuts every where especially in the waiting area. The warm welcome bread is so good which served with cinnamon cream. Really like their freebies. Their steak is so tender and juicy. Love it!
Holy. Moly. I went here for dinner last night and it did not disappoint. There was a short wait to be seated, but the peanuts provided kept me occupied and I love anyplace that lets me throw the shells on the ground. My sirloin was delicious, as were the sides and rolls. Mmmmmm the rolls! Definitely a restaurant I'll be visiting again!
Rolls and Cinnamon butter are amazing they hot and fresh and you get as many as you can eat without having a heart attack!  They also will bring you as many roasted peanuts as you can eat.  That is a big plus when you have to wait for your food if you're really hungry! I must say one thing if you DONT LIKE country music you never should go here because they blair it. I had the BBQ chicken with sweet potatoes w/marshmallow melted on top which was really good!  I will say steaks, chicken and ribs are some the better among the chain restaurants.  The food is good but nothing great just like most chains in my opinion.  Still a fun experience especially if you have kids they will love it.
It was hard to find a good restaurant open at 9:20pm for a late Saturday dinner on the Labor Day weekend. Came here with a group of friends following Yelp's recommendation. The food is wonderful as most Texas Roadhouse are. But the service is definitely one of the best! Our waitress was very fast yet attentive. They run out of half roasted chicken, which I ordered, but she was so nice I still loved the dinner.
Restored my faith in Texas Roadhouse...  Best service at this chain we have ever had.   We used call ahead seating and were taken in nearly immediately.  Our waitress was very good, food was as expected and we were able to pay quickly.   If you want to go to a great steakhouse, this is it.
Food is absolutely amazing and so aren't their drinks! Love this place ! Usually very busy but definitely worth the wait. I usually get a rare steak with fries and mashed potatoes. Will be back in the near future.
It is always over capacity, especially in the doorway, where you have to shove your way out. The food is what you can expect from any chain, you'll find better steaks at most non chain restaurants around town. They overcooked my rare steak both times I ordered one. The place is supposed to be a caricature of Texas, but it doesn't seem to much different than more bars in the Valley or other parts of PA's northern tier.
Have to say that I was always a fan of the roadhouse but not this one. The ribs were overdone and the pull pork had no taste. I would not go back to this one again.
Have always had a great time and amazing food here. Getting some take out tonight. Love this place.
Great food and the cinnamon butter with the rolls is to die for! But, if you get there at the wrong time the wait is forever! (Call ahead for a reservation!)
I was so full before I even started my steak because the fresh bread and the cinnamon butter was too good to stop eating. The girl who served us was very attentive and sweet. I can't wait to go back to have their bread. Last but not least, the steak was pretty good too!
Woweeee couldn't agree less with the previous review....perhaps I am living in a parallel universe. As a newcomer to the area, and a daughter of the wild west, I longed for a no-nonsense steak house with a western flair. When you walk in you are not only greeted with a friendly smile but oven-fresh baked dinner rolls with sweet butter. Service was lightning fast and friendly and they refill your drinks without asking. Now for the important part: My steak (filet mignon) was cooked perfectly with a pink center and tender exterior. There are only two other filet experiences that top this one and they were in chi-chi, upscale, pricey restaurants. The side dishes are interesting (but why do they put them in those little bowls??) I have never had the desert there...I am sure they are excellent, but never have any room. I have been to the TX Roadhouse several times now and both the service and food have been excellent. (One little maintenance suggestion: clean off the tables before the hostess takes you to the table. Who wants to see someone else's leftover carnage?) Save yourself all the overpriced ambience and go the the Roadhouse Update 6/25/11: I just had to make special note of the ribs: Succulent, moist, with just the right amount of smoke and BBQ sauce. I have a personal aversion to ribs that are overcooked, leathery on the outside, and taste like the grill. You won't find anything but tender ribs and flavor at the Roadhouse! I have not had a dish here that wasn't cooked to perfection. A carnivore's paradise!
My husband and I LOVE this Roadhouse!  We go there almost every Friday night for dinner, and have been going since their opening night.  We've been to other TR's, but this is our favorite.  The Manager treats us like family, every waitress is smiling and friendly.  The steaks are Amazing, the catfish and chicken are great!  If you think you've been to a Texas Roadhouse before, you haven't ... This is the Best (and I've been to one IN Texas)!
Been going here since they opened back in November.  Tonight I experienced very poor service and I swear that this place cannot cook a steak.  I requested rare and it most certainly was not.  My friend's steak was also overcooked.  Not sure how often I will be going back, very displeased after tonight.
If  I can walk among the New York fall folliage, and then go to a Western- theme restaurant, my life is going very well.        I noticed as the ladies walked by, they were serving very large portions of food.  We tried to select small meals, and the  food was very well prepared.
