Excellent service and even better food. My son was being a kid and not listening and they were nothing but sweet to us. They are great nice and LOVELY. The atmosphere is so pleasant and relaxing. Definitely returning.
I took my daughter and best friend to dinner tonight,  there was one large party in the hibachi area and a few other tables throughout the restaurant but it wasn't exactly busy. We waited 11 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us even after the hostess and a waitress walked by. After we were seated several "wrong" things happened: 1. The waitress came and took our drink order,  then the hostess came and took it then a different waitress finally brought our drinks and took our order 15 minutes after we were seated. 2. The waitress gave our apps to another table, realized her mistake, took them off that table and served them to us.... ew. 3. She dropped my chopsticks and picked them back up and gave them to me instead of giving me a new pair.... ew again. 4. She vaccuumed all around our booth as we ate, mind you it was only 6:30. 5. After our food came we did not see the waitress again until she brought the bill after we were done eating. All three of our drinks were empty. I will say that the meal was very good, extremely fresh and very flavorful. I had maki rolls and J ordered the sushi sashimi combo and we split it. My daughter had the shrimp teriyaki kids dinner and we each had a shirley temple. For apps we ordered edamame and shumai, our bill was $68 and change. We will go again but only for lunches at the sushi bar.
I can do without hibachi, however, I can't really do without my occasional sushi fix and this is one of the few (if not only) places in the area that offer it "fresh", so needless to say, I went... And hated it. The  options for maki rolls are rather limited and the sushi was rather pricey. Their miso soup was salty and their tempura ice cream was just a ball of ice cream deep fried in dough that was entirely too thick and soggy. Additionally, the salad that comes with many of their meals was swimming in dressing. And the hibachi "show" wasn't all that entertaining. Spend your money elsewhere... Like at Wegmans for sushi. It's cheaper and tastier.
This place is clean, overpriced, and food is just ok.  What annoyed me was the hair found in the rice.  When the waitress was notified she had me PUT IT IN HER HAND and asked me if I'm ok.  I asked for new bowl of rice.  She brought it and left the haired rice on the table.  No apology.  Charged full price for a meal with hair in it.
Ok, this is tricky. I read the mixed reviews. Usually when I read mixed reviews on Yelp, I usually give benefit of doubt and try the place. The Naruro roll was an excellent change of pace for me. Try it if you like cucumber since it is wrapped in cucumber instead of rice. I also had the yellowtail sushi dinner which was good. They don't give a small piece of fish as sushi. I love sushi and I could put it away. The staff was friendly and courteous. Now, your going to ask me why I have such a low rating... Well, because they have their political beliefs out in open. This should never happen in any place of business. I'm watching millions of people out of work due to Obamacare. I'm in the healthcare profession and it scares me to death. But these people boldly place Obamacare propaganda on the checkout counter for all to see. Count me out of returning to a place of business that's trying to put me out of business.
The food was delicious, but that is not the only reason we spend so much money eating out...it is for the whole experience. The waitress' English was awful. She was unable to tell us the brand of reisling, but for good Japanese food--who cares, right? However, we asked how the gyoza is prepared that comes with the combo box lunch, and she said steamed, but then fried and we said okay. She brought a plate of yummy steamed gyoza, and it wasn't until we received our boxes that we realized there was fried gyoza in there. So we had to pay for both! Also, she brought my friend the wrong box combo, but never came to see if everything was okay so we had to flag down the hostess to fix our order. The worst part is that we were unable to tell a manager of our experience because they couldn't understand us!
I took a chance this week and came back here after two bad experiences on our first two visits. Previously, the service was awful and the food was just OK. This time the service was great and the sushi was very good. They were quick, attentive and had greatly improved the quality of their fish and the overall presentation. The sake options are also improved, which is a nice bonus. We will definitely go back and I am now able to recommend this restaurant.
This is your typical Hibachi Japanese grill, with a sushi bar on the side. I will review only the Hibachi part, not having tried the sushi. My wife and I are part of a large group of friends who travel to the Finger Lakes on vacation once a year, and this restaurant has become a traditional stop for one last dinner before heading home. Frankly, if it were only up to me, I'd skip it. But it's one night a year, so I can deal. The food is nothing extraordinary, and considering the price, it ought to be. The Hibachi "show" is less entertaining than some others I've seen, with the cook(s) engaging in very little banter or showmanship. One thing that did not irk me, but upset one member of our party is that the gratuity is added to the bill. Some people prefer to make their own decision about how much to leave on the tab. This didn't bother me. What does bother me is that for the cost, the food isn't better. My wife and I could probably make meal of tempura if given the choice between that and the Hibachi grilled chicken and shrimp.
Really good food that is inline with most hibachi places Ive ate at
Excellent, fresh sushi with creative specialty rolls.  The main restaurant has the whole Japanese steakhouse kitsch going on for the diners who don't know any better, but skip that and sit at the sushi bar.
Not a whole lot of options for Sushi in this area. The sushi is decent and priced about right compared to other sushi restaurants I've been too. I will have to try the grill section next time I'm there, looked very entertaining. Waitresses have been very kind every time I came there.
Excellant Sushi bar ....I highly reccomend it!!
Horrible, Horrible, over priced sushi. I ordered a spicy roll that was looked liked it was on a diet it was so thin! The sushi maker filled it with fillers like crunchy crumbs, minced Salmon, and a small sliver of Tuna! I also ordered a sea weed salad  that was horrible! Imagine a bowl of green rubber bands. My husband opted for a California roll and it was as basic & tasteless as it possibly could be. The waitress was dry, pushy & understanding her was impossible. Don't waste your money our time at  this place!
Sushi is great , Hibachi is great .... Only downside is that they charge for refills.
They owners took their time to renovate and open.  With great anticipation we ate there and it was worth the wait.  We've eaten there 3 times since they opened.  This latest time, a Friday night, they were bursting with customers.  Obviously, the word is spreading. The first two dinners, we chose to eat at a regular table instead of the Hibachi grill tables. The menu offerings are the same for both. Our order included appetizers, Tempura vegetables and Gyozu, a chicken dumpling.  The tempura tasted great,but the next time I decided to forego the extra calories. The next course, soup, was a tasty, warming, clear broth with onion and mushroom. They also brought a small salad with the soup. Next came my order of Hibachi  Chicken and Steak.  My steak, ordered medium rare was cooked to tender perfection, the chicken too.   It came on a plate filled with stir-fried vegetables and fried rice, plenty for a doggy box. My hub ordered a Dinner Bento Box, like a sampler.  It included sushi, shrimp, a Spring roll, rice and vegetables.  He liked his too. I love Hibachi, so the 2nd time, I chose Hibachi Chicken and my husband ordered Teriyaki something. Again, we both left satisfied and happy. Our 3rd time we chose to eat at the Hibachi grill.  We loved our choices and the show by the chef, a funny and expert knife demonstration.  There was a cute, toddler across from us and he kept her wide-eyed with a look a awe on her face!  If I have a complaint to make about the restaurant, it is the need for better climate control.  Each time, the restaurant has been uncomfortably cold.  In fact, one of the times, I ate with my coat on.  One reason we chose to eat at the Hibachi table on our 3rd visit is to feel warm while we ate.  It helped, though our backs felt cold.  However, I won't let the cold keep me from eating there again very soon...maybe this bodes well for a summer meal there!
Just had lunch here. The cook for the hibachi table was very rude and the taste was not good either. Won't recommend it to any friends.
Pretty pleased with this place.  I liked that you can order anything - hibachi or sushi at your dinner table without having to sit around the hibachi stations.  Their sushi is good but they don't offer too many interesting rolls or cool sushi combinations. However, they will let you substitute or add things to their rolls which is nice.
