I spent a lot of time in Times Square since my high school was close by and honestly, despite it all, it's still pretty exciting to be there. Even now, when I spend most of my east coast time in NJ, riding the bus into Port Authority and walking out onto the street still makes my heart go pitter patter just a little bit. However, my advice is to take a look at it, then go right up 9th avenue to hell's kitchen for a taste of actual NYC and not this faux NYC. Or turn right back around and take the subway to somewhere worthwhile. There's absolutely nothing worth seeing/eating in the square, seriously. I do miss the gigantic easyeverything that used to be here right around 2000/2001.   I will also never forget being 13 years old and on a field trip to a play with a big giant group of rowdy kids, back when this was seedy, and looking up to see scantily clad women walking around in the strip clubs (you could see through the windows). Also, being scared shitless when being taken to the movies as a young girl and walking around here with my teenage cousins and all the hustlers would try to talk to us. I don't think I've ever been so scared again in my whole life.
lmao everyone is so right ... But its where a lot of clubs are,, so you may  not be able to avoid it ... Just try to not  eat out there, obviously there will be only chain rest there.  And everything is overpriced. And besides ... you may just get jumped out there,.. Ive seen so manyyy guys get beat up out there lol , its ridiculous.. I dunno, i mean I'm not going to lie , i go ,. but out of laziness.. so do your research and find a great place to go ! don't settle for times square!
Awesome place to visit! Just like you see on tv. I'm from TX so not a fan of all the hustle and bustle (and I live downtown in Dallas), but it's nothing compared to TS! But a great spot to visit. I gotta do NYE!!
I first visited New York last year, it was summer time. I guess around this season when it's too hot and crowded, one will not appreciate the city that is famous for its economic history and sophistication! Times Square at that time was too dirty, and a road construction was going on. Maybe it will look and feel much better when it's spring or winter time, I'll never find out though coz I don't plan on coming back... Vegas strip was better for me...
When you visit New York, you just gotta go. It's one of those things you have to do. So let's say you're kinda drunk, a little tired, and roaming the streets of NYC. Times Square at 3 in the morning is definitely entertaining. All the lights wake you up, and then you realize, "Holy moly, I'm actually in the middle of Times Square (drunk)!"  There aren't many people out at that time, so you can bask in all that Times Square was meant to be. It's fun. Take it for what is it: commercialized tourist haven, and you're good.
One of the most striking intersections in any world city.  The sheer volume of visual assault by all the video boards is not like anything else you've likely witnessed.  Watching TV in public is quite an unusual experience for its rarity if nothing else.  I'm just glad that a place as impressive as this, at least on a sensory level exists in the United States.
For me personally, I can no longer handle crowds, and Times Square is one big crowd.  It was a must-visit sight in NYC, and I'm thankful that I was able to experience it during the daytime and at night.  I believe one has to see the lights to really appreciate it all. I 'experienced' Times Square three times, safely and quietly, from the back seat of a taxi. It's like Las Vegas - once you've seen it once - that's enough.
Time Square is the place to be at night as a lot of people just go outside to enjoy the lightings from ALL the ads on the buildings.   It was funny to see a lot of people just sit there and look up at the buildings.  We were not sure what happens so I asked one of the patron there.  She told us that they come to Times Square to relax!!! So, we walked around the area to look for souvenirs.  Most of the shops open until midnight or 1am.  But they start to clean up Time Square at 1am.
Tourist attraction!!! Believe it or not there is some good places here to eat. You just have to find them.....Good Luck!!!!
I don't know which is more tolerable...   Being pushed around by people at work OR literally being pushed around by the people in Times Square. No offense to tourists, of course. I was one of them at one point. However, either way, I HATE being pushed around.
Sooo crowded and soooo many tourists. But sooooo beautiful.  This is one of the places you have to see to believe.  You see it on TV all the time and you can't really appreciate it until you see it in person.  Sooo bright and so breath-taking.  So many things to see and do, and eat.  So many things to buy!  Shoot.
A must for first timers to NYC but be prepared to rush through crowds and incoming traffic. Cars do not care and will hit you. The sights are awesome and there are lots to do.
People!  Food!  Watch your purse!  Naked cowboy!  Taxis! Want to buy a rolex?  Walk!  Stop!  Turn!  OMG!  Peoplerightnexttoyou!  Garbage!  Noise!  Free samples!  Bill boards!  Cameras!  Bus tour, bus tour, Lady?  Life!  Trips!  Tourists!  Crowds of people!  More people!  Go to restaurant!  Go to theatre! Night time Lights! Lights!  More people!  Chairs and tables if you are lucky!  Security!  People!  Purses in garbage bags!  Talking!  Laughing!  Cars!  Lights!  Comedy show, comedy show, Lady? Lights! Cameras!  Bleachers!  Lights!  Food!  Shops!  Streets!  Choices!  Action!  Go back to hotel! Love it a lot, hate it a little.
It's pretty cool since you hear/read/see it all the time on tv, in movies, etc., but it's not as big in person as it seems in those other mediums. To me it's more like this place you have to visit just to say you've been there. Visited: September 25, 2012
It's a nice sight and a nice place to take pictures but other than that , this place is kind of boring . Honestly , there's not much to do in Times Square . There's lots of people here ... all kinds of people from different places . I saw some people selling knock-off handbags and watches on one of the streets .
This will be my last and final NY review.  I decided to write a review on Times Square when I saw all of the low ratings. Each time I have come to NY, I have stayed at a hotel at Times Square or close to Times Square for the simple reason that I MUST visit Times Square daily during my stay. As soon as I leave my hotel and walk onto the Square, my senses are immediately drawn to the HUGE tv monitors, billboards, lights and the THOUSANDS of tourists and New Yorkers who come here each day to work, play, visit and to be entertained. I love reading all the billboards, watching all the videos and watching all the energy of the thousands of other people who like me are so amazed and enthused by all the activity.   Times Square is more than just billboards, tv monitors, stores,restaurants and Broadway musicals. It is American Culture at its best........a mixture of energy, music, food, lights, positive vibes and people of all races and colors enjoying life and good times! I love NY......and I live for the magic of Times Square.
Sure Time Square is more than a bit touristy, but it's an icon and its in the middle of everything. If you stay here overnight you'll be able to get to most other places easily.
Gotta stop by Times Square when visiting NYC!!! Love it!
Good god Jesus on a hockey stick! I like Michael Bloomberg but he really screwed the pooch with the decision to close off vehicular traffic to create a "public mall" or whatever the hell it's called. Personally I call it a "public piece of shite." Now that cars are restricted to driving only on the 7th Avenue side of Times Square, that means more people are congested into the closed off section on Broadway.  That means even more people standing in my way as I'm trying to walk. That means more of those damn "New Yorkers" clogging up the sidewalks as they try to recruit tourists to ride their NYC tour buses. By turning it into a public walkway, Times Square has really lost it's luster in my eyes. Well, what little luster it still had, that is. PS anyone wanna chip in so we can open up Howard Johnson's again? I miss that damn place.
Best time to go to Times Square? Around midnight, when the streets still have some people, but not nearly as much as the crowd from the daytime, and you can still appreciate our consumer culture, with all the pretty lights and awesome ads you can't see anywhere else. And who hasn't imagined their face plastered up all over the place in Times Square? Pffft. NOT ME :)
Lots of stores there's just too much. You can get anything for any price here and it's all within walking distance and with all the giant advertising hanging around if it does rain you can stay dry under those giant bulletins. Gotta live the pedestrian walkin areas although they are always crowded I can imagine how much worse it would have been when the roads there were open.
- There are so many eating options in and around Times Square your head will spin. Most of them (like BBQ, for example) are insanely overcrowded and likely a "passerby"  for us NYC locals. - There are so many shopping options in and around Times Square that your wallet will spin (downwards if we're talking about your bank account). Most of them will be insanely overcrowded, but they're still fun to visit and shop. - There are so many entertainment options in and around Times Square that you will likely become a theater buff in one-sitting. Locals or not, there's not a NY'er around that hasn't been to a show of some kind (whether Broadway or otherwise), and come away happy. For me, places like the grand Toys 'R Us store, productions like Les Mis or The Phantom, all encourage you to weather the storm of crowds that dominate this tourist trap epicenter, and go about your business. ================================= The Times Square of today honestly deserves 1 Star. Times Square during the 90's was easily a 4 star'er. But, there are elements existing through its history that make it still appealing for us locals. Cavernous buildings do mesmerize the tourists, but they're endearing to us locals (like our baby, that we watched grow up). We'll always have a special place in our hearts for you and your bright lights!
seriously? Miserable with a capital m.  When, for whatever terrible reason, I end up here I can not believe that this is in the city I love.   I guess the lights are worth seeing.  But this is where you come to realize its not the locals that are nasty - its the tourists.
The most impressive outdoor advertising display in the country.  When you go there and look up and around, essentially you are soaking in the final word from the world's many great corporations.  There's no real view, no great architecture, no natural beauty - it's only a place to see just how big Coca-Cola can make an ad and just how many people fall for it.  Tourists flock to these insanely packed few blocks to test the patience of commuters by walking neither fast, nor in a straight line.  Entertainment-themed restaurants bombard you with offers outside, while stores offer very little (non-NYC merchandise) product unique to the area.  It's definitely a sight worth seeing.  But once seen, it's a place to avoid.
It's Times freaking Square! Amazing place and definitely a once in a lifetime experience.  I visited over Spring Break and man oh man were there SO MANY tourists.  I've never felt such crowdedness in my life.  Definitely great for shopping, eating, and night life.  It's so different going at night because everything is lit up.  I really loved seeing the bright lights at night, and it felt just like the movies. You have to visit the Hyundai Camera located at the top of the stairs!  It's cute and fun for people of all ages!
This, is the EPICENTER, of Babylon. Itsa love/hate thing for I....leaning more towards the hate.
This ain't your Daddy's Times Square! No, Mayor Rudy cleaned up Times Square quite a bit during his reign as NYC mayor. Now every store from Disney to Sketchers has a flagship spot hocking wares to the masses. Not too many really good restaurants, but I like Chevy's Tex Mex a lot. (Very fresh if you like Mexican.) The area is also much safer than it used to be, has police everywhere and is missing its' once signature porn theaters and window-washing squeegee men. You can also find lots of Broadways shows and plenty of decent hotels in the area.
I love Times Square. It's an amazing feeling to be standing in the middle of the square at night and just feel the amazing rush of energy there. There are always so many people and so many things going on. I know this sounds like hell to a lot of people, but it gives me so much life and i just feed off of it. Take a seat and just people watch. It's amazing how much is going on here and there's a lot of interesting things to observe. Some of it very strange some of it hilarious.
Times Square is the extrovert's paradise! It's brightly lit with lotsa hustle & bustle! And I ran into the Naked Cowboy!   If it's your first time in NYC - DO NOT eat/buy anything here...it's a tourist trap!  Everything is overpriced.  If you go a few streets down or down to Chinatown (Canal St), you can get the same exact "i heart NY" stuff for half the price. And if you're really hungry - I'd recommend Shake Shack - which has a location near Times Sq (5-7 min walking distance).
When I first arrived in Times Square I felt a mixture of emotions! excitement was the main one! bright lights, tonns of people, mainly tourists! so much going on it almost makes your head spin! fun times!
I like Times Square!  It seems to get pretty terrible overall reviews, but I think there's something special about this place in NYC.   When you visit NYC, try not to go to Times Square until nighttime.  It's soooo much better when viewed in its entire electric glow glory.  I was taken aback by the sheer magnitude of the advertisements, the lights... everything.  It was stunning, really.  I had fun walking from 42nd St. to 49th on the way to the Eugene O'Neil Theater.  There's shops a-go-go!  Anything  you could imagine to eat, buy, peruse - it's all there.  It really is capitalism on steroids.   Then the shame of your enjoyment kind of sets in - this place really is the biggest waste of energy since Las Vegas.  Talk about the source of Global Warming - it may be right here in Midtown Manhattan.  It's also the hub of touristy shopping so nothing here is cheap or worth buying (except the $4 t-shirts that guys sell on the street!).  However, it really is an astonishing place to see.  I was really enthralled with the sheer insanity of the entire place.  I even thought back to the movie "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure" for a moment when I thought: What would Socrates think of all this?  I bet it would scare him.  Yep, that's what I thought about in Times Square. It's worth a visit and I had a lot of fun buying cheap wares from guys selling all sorts of knock-off crap on the streets after all the Broadway shows let the patrons out for the evening.
OMG, how do you even begin to review Times Square?! What do we review?! There's definitely some beauty in the way that place is chock full of advertisements. Las Vegas is supposedly the city of lights, but Times Square alone puts up a good fight alone. There really isn't much to do in "Times Square" other than look at everything, breathe in the NYC air and take lots of pictures.... or go shopping. There are tons of stores along the left and right sides of the street. There are the famous red steps, statue of Father Duffy and the TKTS booth for all the broadway shows right there. Prepare for lots of people on the streets trying to sell you tickets to be the audience of tv shows. I never pay them any attention, because I don't know how well they can be trusted. My favorite part of TS is how if you buy 1 thing at American Eagle, just 1 little, cheap thing, they will take your picture and you can be posted on the builboard outside just seconds later! It's so awesome to have those 15 seconds of fame.
IF you are a NY you should know better...this is a place where the tourist come to be all touristy...not much to see not much to say....o ya stay away from the food chained resturants....
Do you need more words from me about this place? ---- I don't think so, right?! Since it is so famous, I mean it's so popular in worldwide already! I love here even so many ppl cross by but I enjoy Times Square in the day and at night! I wish I'll be here for X'mas someday in the future. It will be awesome!
As a tourist over a year ago, this place is amazing at first. They also have very cool/funny ads every now and then.   As a photographer,  this place very photogenic! There are so many colors and lights that make very interesting photos. One day, I'll have to come by and take a nice panoramic photo. As a self proclaimed New Yorker, I hate this place especially when I'm walking to get somewhere, it's impossible to maneuver through all of the tourists. I try to avoid walking through tourist-heavy areas of NYC.
For me one of the most incredible places of New York. One of my favourites for sure.
I still hate Time Square that is all.
I  love how crowded it gets. i was here like at 2:00 in the morning and it looked like it was midday. Also the bright screens are pretty cool. I've never seen so many people in my life but this is my type of world when I'm in the mood. Also i heard it gets nice here when it snows, people be having snow ball fights, etc. This is basically the number one tourist place in the city, equivalent to Hollywood Blvd in Los Angeles.
Wonderful the place to go during the night, the city which never sleep, you can see overthere...!! Enjoy NY city
When I first came to New York 10 years ago (god, that makes me feel old) I was excited to be in Times Square.  It was a lively place full of energy.  Plus, there was a McDonald's that delivered!  Yes, I was a bit of a yokel.  I still maintain that the Times Square of my 'youth' was not as soulless as the present incarnation even though the Disnification was already starting.  Then again, I can't very well long for the time when you'd be as likely to see something seedy as be mugged or worse.  I like that I can walk around the area and not feel in any danger.  I guess I wish there was a middle ground. Anyway, it's okay to want to go here, really.  Just don't eat here.  Enjoy it while you can, because soon it'll be nothing but one huge video screen broadcasting the latest update from Big Brother.
Best way to experience Times square is to take a seat at the amphitheater and window shop. M&M world, Toys R Us are especially unique.
Probably the most overrated place in New York. I ran away from there after 5 minutes and tried to avoid it till the end of my stay. If you like noisy crowded places and be bombed with flashy commercial from every possible direction, go for it. But it's mental There are thousand better things to see and do than go Times Square.
Tomorrow March 1st from 11 AM- 11:40 AM The jumbo trons in Times Square will be lit up with Cherry Blossoms from Japan to celebrate the kick off of Japan week in NYC, dguides.com/newyorkcity/… bizjournals.com/prnewswi…
You can't really go wrong here if you like to people watch.  You get two different experiences at day and night.  The shops around here can be very pricey and I would definitely venture OFF the strip for better food, but really, it's a MUST for NY visitors.
there' always something to do in Time square ! something to eat,to see,to watch. i love that place, espacially at night neons give the place a beautiful view
I liked times square. The shops were cool, the business owners were polite. It's crowded - of course - because it's times square, which is why it gets a 4 out of a 5. A lot of the shops are squished together. BE PREPARED FOR PEOPLE, PEOPLE. That's really all I will say.
Everyone know's Times Square even if they don't know they know it. It's like a Beatles tune in that respect. It's an odd kind of square. Not very pedestrianised (quite American in that respect). Not very square. A huge amount fo traffic flows through it too, with it being quite a fat one-way vein through the city. Anyway, of course what Times Square is really known for is its huge billboards, TV screens and neon lights. Check out the photos
Time Square was much different when we visited in 2003.  Now they have painted part of the street blue and green, it is just silly.  I didn't like it.  Since I like shiny things, I am still drawn to it.  But it just wasn't as good as before.  Maybe it was because I was younger or because it was my first time there?  Who knows.
I used to avoid this place like a plague when I was still living in NYC, but now, I kind of miss it. It's an awesome place to do some people watching since you get to see all kinds of people from all over the world. If it's your lucky day, you may even see a naked cowboy or a naked cowgirl.
Th naked cowboy and dancing santa were probably the highlight next to the Yahoo billboard at times squae. It has a lot of shops, including the Hershey's shop where I bought Starbucks chocolate of all places. From here it is a short journey to Macey's and Bloomingdales. The shops are very chain but the buzz is why people come here and everything happens here. The last time I was here they were taking people's pictures who were PCs (so to speak) and posting them on the electronic billboards. I got on and it was great! There is something to do here at any time of the day or night and this place always has a buzz - even at 3am for a jet lagged traveller!
It a a bit overrated. I think this is Somewhere you go first time in new York and that s it. Shops have really long Opening hours but this area is way too crowded with tourists.
Well, it's Times Square. Most people who visit NY or live in NY have been here at least once. To some essence, if you're here, it's because you're 1. a tourist 2. fascinated by the tourists 3. live/work here. The last group finds the first two insufferable, and the first two ignore the last one. It's a fun place to see at day or night, it's literally bright at all times, and the advertisements are thick and sometimes overwhelming in size and scope. There are a lot of flagship and large specialty stores in the area, and there's a TKTS and Broadway just up from here. Don't come on New Year's here unless you really -really- want to do it once. It's just massive, no bathrooms, it can be cold, and security is a pain. Plenty of hawkers, and people trying to get you to buy either into a tour, knock-off goods, t-shirts, or show tickets. But that's what you get with so many tourists around. Restaurants around here are mostly big franchises or tourist-traps... better food elsewhere in the city.
It's a must see for all Non-New Yorkers because of the lights, jumbo screen, hordes of diverse people about and it's iconic status.   However, the place in essence sucks unless you're going to see a show or go to a few of the decent non-chain restaurants that remain (good luck finding them, I bet you'll end up in Chevy's or some other chain restaurant instead).  The crowds are unreal and the tourists are endless.  *The streets are made for walking folks, stopping short in the middle of the side walk to take a picture is not effing cool, I don't give a crap where you're from.* Granted the place has been cleaned up and doesn't feel unsafe but the grimy allure that propelled it to it's current iconic status is all gone.  I want to see a real peep show dammit not a porn vid in a stall...lame.  Also, the strip clubs around are just as generic and unfoundedly expensive as the chain restaurants and movie theaters.   I say, "blah to Time Square!" Only go if you'll be seeing a show, seriously.
Lots of light , tvs, and people it was pretty awesome I walked a long way to get to times square but it was worth it!!
i have no idea how to review this. Its a culture shock melting pot. People of all types, lots of lights, lots of taxis, lots of police, lots of superheroes, lots of food, cliche business men, hot  dog stands, horns honking, naked cowboy, random crap to buy, i love NY shirts. Yep, it has it all.
Should i say any more about this place??? World famous!!! Sooo beautiful 24/7 with visitors all around the world and great for its shops and theaters around the area. It's safe and fun, a must visit place for tourist or local resident if you don't know where to go at late night..:p
Yes im a tourist, and honestly this is the least favorite place I didn't care for.  Seeing it on TV is different in person.  It looks huge on TV, but in person it is not as big as you would think.  It is truly a square where broadway crosses 6'th and 7'th st and times square is the basically the 4 corners facing each other with broadway crossing over it with tall ass buildings and LCD panaramic screens on the store front.  It is not a shopping hub as there is more hotels and theatre's so dont think your going there to shop.  Its more of a place to take some awesome pictures at night (take them from the broadway stairs at the far north end).  Worth going once during the day and once during night, but cross that off the bucket list cuz not worth the crowded tourists.
It was cold, windy, rainy and crowded when I visited Times Square last weekend.  I have been one other time 10 years ago on a high school yearbook trip.  It was much the same only this time I was grown up and had money to spend which always makes it a little more fun. The stores are larger than life and they sell a ton of touristy stuff which is fun to look at but cheaply made.  The billboards and flashing lights and signs are as picturesque as you'd want.   I did like how they have built a stair platform for people to climb and take unobstructed photos of Times Square from without having other people's heads in - that was a good idea. Lots of food, broadway, shopping and traffic.  What's not to love if you're in NYC?
I've been to Times Square many times---but this time, I got to experience it through the eyes of my daughter who saw all the humanity and activity for the first time.  As much as she was awed and impressed by the experience, I enjoyed it even more.
Times Square is no doubt one of the most iconic spots of Manhattan. Its name rings familiarity all throughout the world and many millions of eyes are upon it (virtually or physically) during the New Year Ball drop every year. The square is buzzing with activities all year around - whether it's sizzling hot or bone chilling cold outside The square with the many flashing lights and advertisement is just difficult to miss. The square itself also beholds many historical significance and endless stories revolves around it and the immediate vicinity. For example, why is Times square called Times square? Does anyone live in the building behind the giant digital billboards boards? Why is the 'news' broadcast on the building still there? Was the Empire theater always sitting at that spot? To really appreciate the square beyond its buzzing crowds and frustrating traffic, indulge yourself in the historical aspects of the square with some light reading or a tour.
Times Square is just another neighborhood to me. I agree with Angel H., though; I liked it much, much better when it was sleazy. Although it was the first neighborhood I used to frequent when I was a tourist in high school--we typically went to a Broadway show and were prime for the tourist traps--I didn't find it that dangerous by daylight in the 70s. Tell you the truth, I didn't even find it dangerous at night in the 80s and 90s. It's much more obnoxious now that it's "safe for children." Get rid of Mickey Mouse and bring back Ricky Rat!
Best way to do it If you've never been to NY before and as much as you will be desperate to see Times Square, I'd try to resist heading straight there (unless already dark). Wait for the night to come in and the lights to come on and then get the undergroud, the stops centrally located so that when you walk out the lights, the smell, the atmosphere hit you. Take it all in and enjoy - pure magic. On a side note there's a tickets stand near enough right in the middle of Times Square which is great for cheap theatre tickets. If you don't have anything you're desperate to see I'd just suggest not booking anything and just going there and seeing what they've got left, gives the holiday a bit of spontaneity too. (Also - and do drink responsibly Times Square is a great place to get drunk, you see the lights in a totally different way all blurred together, quite beautiful)
One of my favorite hangout spots! It's full of tourists which also makes it all the more interesting because, of the mixtures of different people you see. The summer months are a blast, even though it can get really hot really quick. There are numerous activities, theaters, restaurants, etc. It's hilarious when you see the Gold painted men. One of my favorite times to go to Times Square is during fleet week to meet the US marines and navy people, talk about eye candy LOL!!!
I avoided this place LIKE THE PLAGUE and the man was very well aware of it. He would tease me throughout our stay in NYC with an "Ok, we're walking over to Times Square..." Or a "We're seeing Sex and The City at Times Square... the closest theater with the most convenient hours are there." No thanks! I would say (This explains why I never did see SATC whilst in NY.) Then, one night (technically it was three o'clock in the morning), he purposely tricked me. We were already on the subway making our way back to our hotel, when I finally realized that we were taking the WRONG subway which "conveniently" stops at Times Square and not another subway that we SHOULD HAVE TAKEN that stops closer to our hotel. This is what I get for being a little drunk and letting him be in charge of navigating us through this disorienting city. But I have to admit that stumbling through Times Square at three in the morning, when all the tourists have disappeared back to their hotels, is SURREAL. It's like being in the inside of a pin-ball machine! I would recommend it no other way.
The hub of tourism in NYC, a heady mix of bright lights, huge chainstore shops, over priced eateries, theatres and varying quality hotels. If shopping until you drop is your idea of heaven, there's something for everyone in this area.
loved it loved it loved it! Its all what New York is about. and 10 times better than what you imagine it to be. Very sureal just how big everything is, how loud and busy it is. Tie yourselves together with a piece of string Because it's fairly easy to get caught up in the crowds!haha. We saw naked cowboy in the day, i wasn't looking for him but glad we saw him doign is thing haha, He's a guy with long hair,cowboy boots,pants and a guitar and thats about it! very well known.great entertainment.
What a boring, awful place. I sincerely do not understand why tourists feel compelled to take photo after photo of bright, neon advertising.  One photo, as "proof" you've been there, I get that.  Two?  Ok.  Any more than that, and you deserve the shove I gave you to get you out of my way.
Rocks. This is the cross roads of the world. Quite the experience. I wouldn't want to live here, but their isn't anywhere else quite like this.
Amazing place that looks great at night with all the lights. This is a place you must visit. The shops around here are great and there is a really good Toys R Us store that has a ferris wheel inside, lego models and a big dinosaur. Times Square is very busy. There are lots of good places to eat, drink and shop.
Times Square is like my home away from home.  I feel very at ease and at home walking around Times Square.  I pretty much spend the whole day going to great restaurants and seeing awesome musicals.
Times Square. Whenever I'm in the city i try to come here. Get to see different people from all over the world. And the stores that you can just go in and look around are always fun. its always crowded. So be warned if your closterfobic.
I know a lot of people will not like the commercialism of Times Square but for a tourist it's all you've seen on TV and more. No longer the shady, grimey, cesspit of the 70's & 80's. It's a homage to the greenback. Huge big megastores like Virgin, the crazy Hershey world of chocolate and also the little diners spotted around a bit off the Square. I managed to go to Lindy's for cheesecake and some little diner for Cannolli!
What a great place to walk around for tourist. My bf and I came here for vacation last week and we really enjoyed Times Square. Some must see places: Charmin toilets ( only during christmas times) pop tart store, half price ticket booth for shows, M&M store, Herseys store, and of course the times square Ball! I was here unfortunately during the blizzard and it was def alot of snow. However the next day the plow trucks came and cleared the whole area. Great place for the family to take pics, shop, and walk around.
Ok, so Times Square isn't a place a local goes to unless they have to (I'm a former 'local') but it IS something you should see. Please, please, please do not eat in Times Square! 99% of the places are terrible, chain, pre-made food. You can get so much better (and cheaper) anywhere in NYC, just search this site!!
Times Square is a must see for visitors to New York city! It is not a square at all, but a series of intersections, but at night it is unmissable. The billboards and lights scream commercialisation, but the whole area is a fantastic spectacle which is best seen at night. Be careful, as the area is full of people looking up and not at the traffic, which, as usual in NYC, gives no quarter to pedestrians - it would be tragic to be run over, but I have seen a number of near misses! Look out for the naked cowboy (well, actually he wears pants and a hat and boots, but little else) and enjoy Planet Hollywood, Toys R Us and all the other local attractions. Don't miss this - even better, try to stay in the area and you will be conveniently located for all NY attractions as well as being at the start of the bus routes.
Hundreds of lawn chairs and tables set up in the middle of Times Square at 10 PM on a Friday night.  Hundreds of people engaged in conversations, couples on dates, and awkward first-time tourists like my boyfriend and I trying to make sense of it all.  We uploaded pictures to our Facebook accounts and our friends back in Hawai'i were amazed that they'd do something like this.   I can hear a few dozen NY residents mutter, "Stupid tourists" under their breathe.  Wait till you vacation in Hawai'i, and I'll be sure to return the favor! ;) I love it, I loved it, and wanna return there again some day.   We vacationed in NYC back in early to mid-June 2009, right before the start of the major tourist rush, and had pleasant experiences.  Less crowds, less traffic, and less stupidity to deal with.   My first time eating at an Olive Garden restaurant - we don't have those in Hawai'i - and receiving first-class waiter service!  A middle-aged popolo guy who was African-American and Italian, married to a Korean, and his keiki (children) were freakin' gorgeous!  He'd vacationed in Honolulu, HI the year before, and shared a humorous anecdote about receiving some of the best service EVER from a Denny's restaurant in Waikiki!  That and the coconut syrup he had down here were his best memories of Hawai'i.   We laughed and exchanged information.  When we got back home, my boyfriend & I mailed him 2 bottles of the syrup, along with some Hawaiian goodies. M&M store, Dave & Busters, the dozens upon dozens of artists wanting to draw your portrait ... interestingly enough, many of them were FOB (fresh off the boat) Asians.  We found an amazing lady who did our portraits and matted them for about $35 - $40 per portrait.  She was originally from China and used to work for a big name fashion house at one point.  We tipped her generously.  She made a living drawing tourists' portraits in Times Square. I love you, NYC.  So many amazing people with even more amazing stories.
Amazing! This iconic backdrop is the beating heart of NYC. Bright, vibrant and amazing, once you are here you understand why this is the city that never sleeps. Taxi's honk, giant TV screens flash non stop images, neon signs click on and off all of them telling you Yep, you are in New York. Vendors sell knish and roasted nuts, touts try and tempt you into their club or to see their show, tourists grin and take photo after photo and you really feel alive. If you want to send a message home earthcam.com have many cameras in Times Square so you can liaise with your chums and give them a wave from the other side of the world - cheesy but fun! You can't help being caught up in the fun no matter how jet lagged you are. It's just fantastic!
Now i don't really understand why its called times square when in fact it isn't square at all, but loved the place all the same,great shops(huge toys r us,m & m stores),plenty of restaurants,theatres etc.Do shopping during the day & sights for evening as the place is totally different in the dark,the bill boards & streets all alight is amazing to see,gives you a proper buzz seeing the place full with people all enjoying it as you are.The taxi's are as you see them in movies if you want one it will be there in a moment
I don't get it. I arrived in NYC in the afternoon a couple summers back. Had time to kill while waiting for my friend to get off work. Made a jaunt over to Grand Central Station, saw the sights, and then decided to check out the fabled Times Square. It's just. A bunch. Of stores. If you don't want to shop or eat at a chain restaurant there's not much to do.  And it's just as dirty as the rest of the city. Maybe it's cooler at night when everything is all lit up, but I was seriously underwhelmed.
Okay, I'm not a local and maybe this rating is based on my attraction to things that are different from the west coast. But this is by far the best place for people watching. There are so many people from all over the place it's crazy. They even have lawn chairs in sections of the closed off street for you to hang out and chill. On our last day in NY we walked through again and there was a bubble party going on right by the discount broadway ticket place. We noticed too that the souvenir shops were actually cheaper here than closer to our hotel on 35th street. And having a Ray's pizza doesn't hurt either.
I love the art deco police station in the centre and Good Morning America tv station to the left near Toys r us where you can gaze through the window and gte on American Tv as they film. Its madness really, its like someone took something illegal one night and woke up and they'd created this. large screens with tv on held up high. the most humungus billboards you have ever seen and sometimes the naked cowboy having his picture taken-for cash!!! with all the tourists. The day we were there in a taxi going home, naked cowboy was joined by topless cowgirl and caused such a stir the taxi driver nearly crashed. Good restaurant nearby-Ruby Tuesdays-great food and all the waiters are would be stars of tommorrow. Fabulously mad.
Everything you think it is. Broadway Baby!! Shops, restaurants, a gazillion tourists running around, looking up and getting photo-bombed by moi. The ball. The advertisements. The absurd commercial display of American capitalism at it's best and at it's worst. The largest billboard of P Diddy that I have ever seen in the world. Oh and rappers passing out cd's demanding a donation. Hrmphh! But I love you - you are N Y C!! If you happen to be here during the holidays, you are one block from the Macy's day parade. Awesome!
Simply amazon place. Watching out people of so many different cultures and all this lightning stimulus satiation. One should have seen this at least once in a life when you are not from the US :-) (but most likely you will be fairly happy not to have this every day :-))
Times Square is gorgeous- when its raining the glistening from the lights make the area sparkle.  When its sunny the tall buildings reflect the light.. it's just so pretty. Sure- it's filled with Applebees, Olive Garden, McDonalds- but that's just the corporate and tourist traps, everywhere has these places, the most authentic places are around the Theater District on the side streets- not just in the core... if you get it... It's totally misunderstood- all the tourists are packed in- these are the rude people!!!!!!  New Yorkers are not rude!!!! Manhattanites and Brooklynites are NOT rude!! We stay away from this place!! Go to Greenpoint and the upper east side..... then say something as a native manhattanite/bronxite/brooklynite (got them all in my blood hehe) I can say that Times Square is so exciting- there are Broadway shows a few steps away.. authentic restaurants when you head towards 9th ave. :)
If it's your first time in NYC then you must go take a photo in the middle of Times Square. If you live in NYC or the surrounding areas, this is the most annoying couple of blocks in the city. Busy, crowded & full of tourists stopping in the middle of the sidewalks to snap photos. I liked going here as a kid thinking I was the coolest cat ever after taking the same photo with the same background over & over & over again. Now that I'm older & have been to NYC plenty of times, I try to avoid this area at all costs because it really is a giant clusterfk (excuse the language y'all).
My 400th Reviews goes to this very special place The #1 Square on earth n just the place to be!!! Dazzling Splendid Gorgeous Yes, and its amazing - created by human being! It was a part of my Birthday Pressie... 1 Week New York n staying in its very heart! The Times Square which is only 2 blocks away - n straight ahead from the hotel which was over priced (reg. room up to 500 Usd/Nite). Since then I cant stop dreaming to celebrate a new year eve there... N Im stil patient ;) (img828.imageshack.us/i/o…) (img190.imageshack.us/i/s…) (img193.imageshack.us/i/a…) (img84.imageshack.us/i/br…) (img7.imageshack.us/i/hrc…) (img190.imageshack.us/i/w…) (img714.imageshack.us/i/t…)
anyone in doubt of how our economy is doing should check this place out at night. the entire area is crazy bright... there's no way a poor country could afford to maintain something like massive. that said, now that i've seen it once, i can happily never go back again. there are just too many people there for my taste. apparently, 20 years ago, time square was full of nuddy bars and sketchy characters. now THAT i would like to see.
I don't care what anyone says.  You can't come to New York WITHOUT visiting Times Square!  Especially at night! Whoa it's almost like you're on the Las Vegas strip but way better.  All the flashing lights, broadway shows, batman, superman, statue of liberty characters that line up there. Even better is that they've recently made it more pedestrian friendly so there's more space to walk on.  It's super easy to get to by public transportation. It's a great New York spot!
Gotta check out Times Square while in New York! Lovely at night. Street performers, nice bars and pubs and such, and just the lights!! Wow! Sometimes there are performances not to be missed! Window shopping :)
Went once. Thats enough for me. Sensory overload!!!!!
I saw the naked cowboy.  And his agent.  And the lights.  I had flashbacks from when TRL was the shit in middle school.  It would have been better if Times Square existed in my mind just when I was TRL's target market. Now, I can't stand the crowds or getting stuck behind people who are (rightfully) rubber-necking at the lights and shiny objects. It's Vegas, without the free drinks and the 10 point strippers. I will say, however, the M&M store is impressive.  I've give you that.  The whole thing is impressive.   But, again, back to business, it's like a beauty queen.  It's attractive under it's own standards but lacks the content needed for mental stimulation longer than a few moments. It is a whip-it experience, except you don't want more.
All is alive and well in time square!
Simply - go here and look up, amazing! Just don't buy any food, drink, souvenirs etc it's double the price of a few blocks in any direction.
Interestingly enough, I like this place despite the tourist trap that it is. There is a lot of things to see, and there are a lot of people seeing it with you. You will find, especially at night during the warmer months, so many "street artists" taking it to the extremes as well as horses, human, cabbies, it's like a huge mess and that's why I love it. The crowds are insane, especially if there is any glimmer of an event going on, and even if you're on broadway you pretty much have to walk through this to get anywhere to see shows and such. Once in a while, some company or other will do something creative in the middle of Time Square, but just be aware it's people packed like no other.
"Hey bleep bleep bleep bleep bleep, there's no reason for you to stop in the middle of the intersection to take a pic of the big screen; but I'll sit here and wait because you're special. I'm sure your mother told you so!"
We love bringing the kids and hitting a cheesey chain resturant like the Hard Rock or Planet Hollywood. It's not the same dangerous place it was in the 80's and 90's. It's almost like disney came to NYC!! Plenty of famliy fun like walking around the M&M store or Toy'R US available. I still keep my money in my sock though --- Old NY habits die hard - LOL!
I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place I hate this place
If you have never been to New York but only somehow have seen it on TV, then this is probably one of the places you have definitely seen, and also when you arrive this is going to be the first places you hit. For what you see on tv you may not be prepared for the onslaught of sights you see. The bigger than life billboards of movies and events is astonishing, as they tower over you while your jaw is dropping at the sights, or your camera/camera phone is snapping up all the sights just like the thousands of people who are down here. Just know you are not alone cause most of the people here are doing the same thing you are, with their cameras, posing in the middle of the road to take pictures of the towering screens, the sights of the New Year's Eve Ball that is always prepared for the upcoming year end party. Just remember, you have walked into a tourist trap, know this first, and also look at every weird thing that is down here. I wonder if the stores down here make any money, with their flashy, larger than life signs luring you in like a magician doing hypnosis. Even the McDonald's down here looks "Broadway" with all the candescent lights making up the golden arches. The Toys R Us has a ferris wheel inside the store, the Forever 21 has a 24 hour larger than life billboard that keeps changing, Walgreens is located on one end of Times Square selling their cheap wares yet always busy. You have weird tacky dressed up characters charging money to take pictures with them (the last time I saw this was Hollywood, how the hell did they get here?) with people handing pamplets of popular shows, and comedy shows you may have never heard of. Cabs are everywhere in this sea of yellow on the road, also tour busses with open tops and more tourists are everywhere, as this is a tourist spot/trap. The middle area is quite interesting, as on occasion I have seen them set up a yoga event, filmed the Toni awards here, news broadcasts, full on car promotional pieces, even sections closed for street fairs, you never know what is going on down here, unless you come down. If your looking to eat here, don't expect anything too good, from Bubba Gump's, to some over glamorous McD's, to an Olive Garden, big box is what your getting, and some hot dog and halal/kosher vendors at most corners, your going to have to walk a little farther for something more original. If your looking to dodge people, go to the airport and take a flight, this is Manhattan, New York, you can't even find a corner that is completely void of human life. Now if your looking for all the lights, the over expensive souvenir's, and the tackiness that is the NYC that you believe it is.... it's all here, have fun, just know that there is a vast city that extends from this, but most people only know this, cause it is safe, which I would have to agree.
This place always pack with tourist, but good thing is you see different billboard as they change quiet often. At night.. stay away.. you will pack like a sardine
Wow...didn't expect to see 2 and half star rating for Times Square!! Some New Yorkers gotta learn to appreciate this "Crossroads of the World"~! Lots of interesting people from all around the world. Came here on our first night in New York. Was amazed by number of people on Tuesday night~! Suddenly met by the thunder & rain storm. Something I haven't seen for a while living in California Reminded me of Korea & Japan. Loved coming here during day & night. Met Naked Cowboy, watched many interesting people Also being a Musical Geek during High School Colorful Musical ads gave a huge grin on my face :)
Times Square has gone through a major overhaul in the last several years. It used to be sleaze-central. Now it is Disney/Corporate advertising tourist central. It is a great place to do all the exact same things you can do in any other city/mall in the US: eat at McDonalds, shop at ToysRUs, etc. only bigger and brighter and advertisier and more crowded. I had just written my off-the-cuff review panning Times Square a few minutes ago, when I read someone else's review that really hit home with me and changed my mind about how to review Times Square: go drunk. at night. If you've never been, you sort of have to go
came here and visited we stayed in Kew Gardens this is absolute Lee tourist heaven not for me I hated it I seen it I doubt it they can keep it go enjoy a good time just not for me
Pulleeaaase, Times Square is best compared of those blue lights you hang outside your porch; it attracts all those annoying lingering bugs that seem to annoy your great evening out. Transfixed on the glow of the light, they fly right into it and ZAP!!!! they're gone. Times Square is the most un-NYC part of this island, it's full of flashing lights, see above, slow moving herds of lost tourists and that guy that plays the pan flute for 400 hours a day. Yes, it is the seat of Broadway, but even that whole concept is ridiculous. People singing and playing the same musical show over and over and over for 20 years even! What has the world come to!? If you haven't been here, go, it's truly the armpit of tourist traps and then never go again.
Such a pleasurable and famous place to visit. Full of lights and large TV screens - Nice restaurants, loads of shops, and even attractions. Definitely one place you would want to visit - even to just say that you have been there! Remember, New York is the city that never sleeps, and Times Square proves this better than anything else!
Very busy, even at early hours of the morning, but is a really good place to go and see! From the shops to the restaurants, it's a place the whole family can enjoy. It is home to some of the best theaters in the world, and while in Times Square, why not go and see a Broadway show!
I detest Times Square for so many reasons: it's extremely crowded, too many annoying tourists clog the sidewalks, the trinket shops are ridiculous, the sheer amount energy wasted in lighting the place is outright offensive, the restaurants are mediocre at best. At the sake of sounding like a snob, all the random tourists that swarm over the place really just make me peeved (how's that for strong word!). I know they bring revenue and I can imagine their excitement at being there, (I'd tell a tourist to go there) and blah, blah, blah. But, man, when you have somewhere to be and you have to cut through the area, it's a nightmare. Plus, TS is like the suburbs with its crap restaurants and shops. You can drive down Route 1 and stop at the Olive Garden, Ruby Tuesdays and all that other pooh.  Blech. Finally, at the sake of sounding like an Al-Gore loving environmentalist, I do find all the lights and pizazz just too much. Thank God places like Bryant Park are close - a nice oasis just a couple of blocks from t-shirt buying Mid-Westerners and their gawking. Just a note: I gave it 2 stars because one-time during a blizzard I had to cut through TS from a friend's place on the East Side. It was around 11pm and the place was deserted. The streets were barely plowed and the snow was coming down so heavily.  I stopped in the middle of it all and was impressed by the serenity surrounding me.  Thank God for Gore-tex jackets, otherwise that moment would have been miserable too.
As a tourist this is a must see place, not only during the day but also at night. To go and see such an iconic area that has been featured so much in films is a truely a New York experience. With Yellow cabs flying pass and the lights of the billboards dazzing away. There are some pretty cool shops near by as well such as the M&M store and the Toys R Us. Its a hub of activity and expect it to be busy, there are shops, food outlets nearby and quite close to the threaters too. Its a must do for any visitor if just to say you've been.
this is a FANTASTIC place to go to if u ever go to new york. busy anytime of the day. best time to go to at night for if u really want to see new york. has the biggest Toys r us i have seen in my life. lol and the biggest footlocker. its was on of the best experiences i have had. just walking through times sqaure. amazing!
If i want to enjoy Times Square, I'll view it from an office building, or look at it in pictures, or maybe watch that part of 13 Going on 30 where she's in the limo riding to the partay. The partay where she shimmies over to Ruffalo to be like "It's Thriller". I know. I saw it; but Gary Winick is a New York director. Ok that's no excuse. Um. Yeah. This place is brightly lit. So what. Go to Tokyo if you actually want to feel lights in the urban metropolis (is that a redundancy?) I hate Bubba Gump Shrimp, its annoying to listen to. I hate whatever theater is there. I don't use an LG phone. I don't want to go to the police station. I don't like tourists wearing the latest in Tweety Bird Sylvester apparel fanny pack sweat pant velcro (actually velcro is kinda kitschy) visor I dunno whatever its fine if they wear that. My dad wears that kind of stuff. BUT, FOR GOD SAKES STOP DOING THE WALK SLOWLY WALK SLOWLY WALK SLOWLY WAIT ITS THE GODDAMN MTV STORE STOP IN TRACKS AND FORCE ME TO RUN YOU OVER AND BE REALLY HAPPY ABOUT IT AS YOUR LOCAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDER/PRUDENTIAL/METLIFE/VERIZON CHANGE PURSE INSIDE THE FANNY PACK FALLS OUT AND SPILLS PENNIES/QUARTERS/PILLS. oh, and OH, OH WAIT. The goddamn Red Lobster, the king of all chain restaurants, with the cheddar biscuits and the shrimp alfredo and my credit card number readily available, they DID NOT PARTICIPATE IN THE ALL YOU CAN EAT SHRIMP SPECIAL. Tears flowed and flooded the lobby with salty asian-spiced water.
I've always found Times Square to be very overrated. Ask a Londoner what they think of Picadilly Circus, they'll more than likely just tell you it's a junction with shops. It just seems like the most obvious location for an obligatory photo op. You cant really blame anyone, because it's free and quite easy to get to but, to me, there are better places in the city to do that. What's really there that sets the place apart from anywhere in New York. Yes there are lights, yes there are billboards, yes there is a parade of overpriced shops and hotels. But really, I'd rather be away from all of the tourists clogging up the streets and having near death experiences trying to cross the road with traffic coming from every which way. I found myself at times walking up alternative avenues so to avoid the crowds.
I totally love time square, its the most beautiful place at night, with all the billboards and the bright lights. Its a really freiendly yet really busy atmophere! if you ever go to new york makesure you come here at night! plus its the cheapest place to buy i love n y t-shirts, saw them for $3.99. It is definately somewhere you dont want to miss if your in new york. Warning thoughit is very busy, lots of poeple around so beware of your pockets/bags etc.
Find peace in this chaos. It's there if you are patient. Close your eyes if you need to. It's incredibly intoxicating. For some practical fun, try to locate things everyone else misses, like the tiny strange flowers surrounding the statue of George Cohan. Or how about the funny idea that you're in a square that's actually a triangle... See if you can find your own hidden gems.
You think it's cool if your not from here, but if you are a local Times Square is nothing special.  If your flat broke and a local you going here to walk around and bs.  If you are a tourist you are in awe at the architecture and new converging billboard that are advertising one thing like clothes yet have a hand reaching into another billboard for soap or something stupid like that. Go take a free ride on the ferris wheel in Toys R' Us thats always fun.  There's ESPN zone, and duane reade and a McDonalds you wouldn't feel ashamed to take a date to.  It's open 24 hours if I'm not mistaken.  You can't just go there and you the bathroom though.  You have to buy something and they inforce that with guys I would like to call "McBouncers" who stand at the entrance for seating areas and have a little rope. That's just to show you how crazy Times Square is.  It's kind of annoying actually see for yourself.  A lot of flashing lights that make you think something exciting is happening when it's the same old thing warmed over.
Wonderful place to visit, you have to come here to experience the noise and the buzz of the place, it is such a busy place! Not somewhere that rocks my world but it has to be seen to be believed and just people watch here its amazing! It comes into its own at night, when it is at its most sparkley and dazzling.
I constantly end up walking through Times Square, and not because I want to be. It's beause I take the bus to Port Authority and then have to walk to 49th and 7th, to work. And if Port Authority were not enough to put me in a rancid mood on any given morning, Times Square effectively completes the whole horrible commuting to work experience. I try to walk around it, avoiding the actual 42nd street area, and sometimes that helps. But not by much. So, now I have a better routine to deal with these mornings which happen, oh, say, 5 days a week? I get off the bus and head towards 8th avenue. I put my iPod on max volume, flick on Chemical Brother's Push the Button and put it on repeat. I stretch and prepare my elbows at sharp angles. Then, I start kicking and elbowing my way through. Sorry tourists, but you're a pain in the ass. If you have to take fifty pictures of the latest ad in TS, step the fuck aside, OK? I see it every day, and by the way, it's all JUST ADVERTISING!!! Yes, really, it's a big bunch of lights and billboards. I miss the hookers in TS. They used to keep the tourists at bay at least a little. Can we bring them back please?? This Disney land hellhole is not doing it for me...
Maybe it's because I was on vacation but I enjoyed Times Square in the day and in the night. There is the same amount of people at 10 am as they are at 1 am. But at night, the bright and large tv's were a bit blinding and there were so many people shoving!! The most random thing I saw at midnight: A group of four young adults (maybe early 20s) sitting on the dirty ground in a circle. What the hell?
Times Square is pictured on television and films so much that it seems hardly believable when you find yourself here. We went to one of the many web cameras around the square to wave at relatives (sat at home in the UK) at a pre-arranged time  amazing! So big, so bright and brash the stores here are absolutely vast. Best just to stop and let it all sink in!
Unlike you natives, I loved commuting through Times Square. Exiting the train station yields a pure sea of humanity.  Your journey will be interrupted by entertainers, vagrants, crazies, and everyone else possible to meet who isn't hiding in a towncar or limo somewhere above. Coming to the surface is like being born.  You come out from the darkness to the noise, lights, and commotion; the flow of people and commerce and everything it means to be human in the city. Stop seeing the trees and glimpse the forest.
Not to poo-poo an iconic location in America but what I thought would be the highlight of the bf's first trip to NYC turned out to be the least favorite! Like moronic tourist that we are we went at night on December 28... when the theater was getting out.  Shoot, won't do that again!
Bright lights, crowds of tourists, and not square at all, this is bustling New York at it's most crazy. I was glad I visited it, but felt no urge to hang about. Watch tickers scrolling news headlines around buildings, spot billboards for all your favourite shows, and soak up the atmosphere - as you stroll through on your way to a more peaceful spot for food or a drink!
Coming out of the subway and up, onto the streets of Times square... The bf: (looking at me) Why are you smiling? Me: (seeing the bright lights, the busy atmosphere, the street vendors) *sigh* I love New York. No matter how many times I've been to NY, I always head to Times Square. I don't know why since it's usually the most congested place and visually overstimulating place, but I just love looking up at all the billboards and the lights and bright colors. I don't know...there's something magical about New York...until you get honked at by a taxi cab to move outta the way.
Times Square is a major commercial intersection in the borough of Manhattan in New York City, at the junction of Broadway and Seventh Avenue and stretching from West 42nd to West 47th Streets. The extended Times Square area, also called the Theatre District, consists of the blocks between Sixth and Eighth Avenues from east to west, and West 40th and West 53rd Streets from south to north, making up the western part of the commercial area of Midtown Manhattan. Formerly named Longacre Square, Times Square was renamed in April 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly erected Times Building, which is now called One Times Square and is the site of the annual ball drop on New Year's Eve. Times Square, nicknamed The Crossroads of the World and The Great White Way, has achieved the status of an iconic world landmark and is a symbol of New York City and the United States
I hated Times Square!  I thought it was dirty and filled with a bunch of idiots who give tourists a bad name. It seemed like people were there just acting stupid more than anything else. Unfortunately, most of the theaters are over there and if you want to catch a good broadway show you're stuck. I will be avoiding this area as much as possible!
At least once in your lifetime you've got to go experience Times Square right? Thats what I did so we booked a hotel right at the center of it all. Neon lights everywhere, people were literally camping out in the street. They put blockades in the middle of Broadway so that people can come here  and just chill. The place was alive all night. If you're a local, you probably hate the idea of Times Square. If you've been to Las Vegas, you probably won't be all that impressed with the neon lights and the people in Times Square. Vegas definitely wins in the "alive at night" category. But to some, like me, Times Square has that certain charm that would make me come back for more.
I actually like this block.  However, I just came from there and there is waaaaay too many people.  Maybe because it's Xmas, but still.   Too many people and too many baby strollers.   I love the neon lights, just not crazy about Disney and M&M's at Times Square of all places.  Nice if it could go back to it's peep shows and adult only themes.   Funny to see tourists behave like animals out of cages.  Seriously people,  get a grip.
My personal favorite hang-out spot in NYC!
WHY IS EVERYTHING SO FREAKIN' BRIGHT? It's shock and awe- that's all it is, people. Move along, please. The shopping in and around Times Square is ho-hum at best. If you want to find all your favorite shops, hitch a taxi ride down to SoHo instead. For newbies visiting New York, I can see why this landmark cannot be missed, but honestly, to any urban dweller from any large city around the world, Time Square offers essentially nothing new. In fact, Beijing's Wang Fu Jing boasts a promenade filled with shopping, entertainment, restaurants, and cultural festivities any time of year. Any block in Tokyo can rival TSNY's bombardment of neon signage. And lastly, Hong Kong's Times Square offers more shopping and street food vendors than it's original namesake in NY.  I could go on, but this is in no way an attempt to bash NY's infamous Times Square. On the contrary, it is simply to illustrate that like any other great city center, Times Square can be slightly touristy, and therefore is probably not a favorite of locals. Seek out other more beautiful and interesting places the city has to offer: like the plethora of museums (seek out more unknown spots that may offer free admission to the public), parks, and libraries that make the city unique.
Times Square is cool the first time you see it, after that the crowds and the traffic start to make you realize that this is the official tourist capital of the city. Unless you are coming to NYC for the first time you are better off spending your trip seeing a different part of the city. All you will find here is a stupid naked cowboy (possibly the worst thing I've ever seen in my life) and tons of tourists snapping pictures of shinny lights.
Times Square SMELLS like New York. Busy, boisterous, loud, and sassy, I really love my visits to NYC Times Square. The classic screen, the shops, the pizza stores and bagel stands  can't say NY has no character.
Maybe it's just because I don't live in NY - but rounding the corner and seeing the explosion of bright lights in Times Square was pretty damn impressive. It left me feeling a little overwhelmed - I felt like I could look at all the signs and still not see everything...and sure it's touristy, but you have to have at least *some* touristy things in your city, right? Anyway, I thought it was awesome. I just try to avoid thinking about all the energy being burnt up by those things. :)
Time square is a tourist must. You either hate it or love it. Take heed, this place is always busy so there is lots of pushing and shoving when you're going place to place. There are tons of picture opportunities and it's full of tourist attractions and shops such as: A giant Toys R' Us w/ an indoor carousel A huge Starbucks w/ a "photobooth" A huge Forever 21 (4 floors) Restaurants like Planet Hollywood, Olive Garden, etc Ripley's Believe or Not etc. Mom and Pop souvenir stores Aside from the tourist spots there are some pretty good pizza places as well. It's also right next door to Hell's Kitchen which is a pretty cool food district with lots of restaurants. Perfect spot for theater, plays are literally on almost every street in Time Square. For cheap tickets check out  broadwayforbrokepeople.c…. If you want to find all tickets in one venue the box office is located behind the huge staircase in the middle of Time Square.   EVERYTHING IS OPEN LATE! Time Square is full of life! You don't have to spend a penny if you just wanted to take in the sights and take pictures...but the main shops and the plays are really pricey. If you can, get a hotel here. It's practically in the middle of Manhattan and nothing is too far away from Time Square. Minus one star for the annoying peeps trying to sell comedy show tickets. :) no gracias
As a New Yorker, I thought I might as well review Times Square -- since it's part of my commute, I've probably been there thousands of times over the years, so who better to review it, right?  And I'm giving it five stars -- because it's an experience you should have at least once in your life.   Yes, it's touristy.  Yes, every shop there is a chain.  And, yes, it's crowded.  In fact, if it's not crowded, then you've missed the point.  This is the crossroads of the world.  The center of the universe.  You come here to experience the madding crush of people and taxis, heading this way and that, coming in from all four corners of the globe and heading back out just as quickly.  If it weren't crowded, it wouldn't be Times Square.  You come here to see the crowds -- the stores are just stores, and the billboards just billboards.  (And the stupid costumed characters...really need to go away.)  But the people, the crowd ...that's the real attraction.   And it's perhaps the best place to understand what people mean by the "pace" of the city.  (The other possibilities, of course, are downtown and perhaps Chinatown.)  It will help you understand why some people would never live here, and why others would never live anywhere else.  (And I'll tell you from too much experience that it's amazing to walk through at 3 or 4 in the morning.  It's like the city is sleeping with one eye open, dozing lightly but still bright and shining as daylight.  Empty, but electric.  It's hard to explain that experience if you haven't seen it with your own eyes.) But that's not to say that it's entirely pleasant -- though perhaps no great experience is.  I don't spend time there -- and I don't know any New Yorker that does.  (Unless they work there, of course.)  And the reason is straightforward...there's nothing to do.  The crowds, yes.  They're there.  And I don't usually mind crowds, actually.  But...I mean, I'm not going to just go hang out in one.  So...what, I'm going to watch the ticker?  Eat at Hard Rock?  Buy some Hershey's and an I Heart NY shirt?  Come on. In the next few years, hopefully the city will push forward in its plans to make the square more of an attraction -- with something to do other than shop at Toys R Us and eat at Olive Garden.  In the meantime, though, you should still go.  Perhaps just once, but...it's something you should be able to say that you've done.  And if you haven't, I'm not sure you've really seen New York.
I am forced to go out to Times Square tonight to hang out with my friend from out of town. Yuck, but I'll do it if it makes her happy. One star for making my friend happy, minus 4 stars for the badly dressed crowds and the obnoxious tourists. Wait, actually, one more star because my friend loves to go to Olive Garden and Applebee's because it reminds her of the Midwest. I secretly love going to these horrible chain stores too because it reminds me of good old fashioned bad taste, which is where i was raised--the Midwest, so, ok, yay for that. ;)
Times Square is really cool, It's in the heart of New York City. There is never a dull moment in Times Square, so many people, specifically tourists walking around capturing every moment of it in their cameras. This place is packed at all hours of the day. Times Square is a easy location to get to, It has multiple subway lines, N,Q,R,1,2,3,4,5,6 Lines and the A,C,E lines a block away. On New Year's Eve, Times Square be rockin, people partying on the streets, celebrating with friends and strangers, watching the ball drop as we celebrate the new year. Also sometimes concerts are performed outside. There are a bunch of Restaurants (The Counter, Famous Dave's, Dave N Busters, Fridays, Dallas BBQ's, Hard Rock Cafe, Planet Hollywood) but I don't recommend Dallas BBQ's. Clothing stores and other places like the M&M World which is a store filled with different color m&m candy and m&m merchandise from shirts to pillows. It also has many Broadway theaters, If you're ever in New York take up a Broadway Show. They have Cool BillBoards all over Times Square and Advertisements for TV shows, movies, or plays. You can go anywhere in Times Square and snap pictures. You also have a Big Red Stairs that you can stand or sit on and take a look at the beautiful scenery that is New York City. There are many people in cartoon character costumes, regular new yorkers or tourists can take pictures with them for a little donation. But sometimes these people can be pushy and stick their hands out to your face to like demand money. The same thing goes for those annoying people trying to push you to see a comedy show by getting in front of your face and saying "Comedy Show", some of them get mad if you walk away but hey don't let them force you to see something you don't want to. Visit Times Square at least once in your life, you will never be bored here.
You have to see it!!
Things to Bring with: - Xanax - Child leash(es) - Your "godihatecomedyshows" Face - Blueblockers (youtube.com/watch?v=WUSY…) - Cash Money for Roasted Nuts, Dirty Water Dogs and other Street Eats - Wet Wipes - A Plan Things to Leave at Home: - Desire to crane your neck upwards toward the skyscrapers - Subsequent failure to watch where you're walking - Claustrophobia - Germophobia - Strollers, wagons, bikes and other human-crushing transport devices - Your Love of Chain Restaurants - lest you find yourself enjoying that same burger you enjoyed last TGIFriday at 3x the price - Naiveté Walk through once and from then on -- walk around.
It's like the east coast version of the las Vegas strip, and everyone who lives in nyc seems to hate it.  But if you're visiting, u gotta see it at least once. The restaurants are always a big rip off (with calories posted though!) There's lots of chain stores (swatch, fossil, Microsoft, and most importantly, hello kitty.). Part of the street is a pedestrian mall and theres these rickety little tables where you can sit and drink your Starbucks and feel like you're at the center of the universe. There's lots.of people trying to sell you play tickets and tours. Once in broad daylight a very buff man passed me wearing nothing other than a sequinned speedo and no shoes. There was no explanation as to where he was going (then again, I'm not sure any explanation would really make sense out of that situation to my satisfaction) For inexplicable reasons, there's also alot of costumed characters waving to passersby including one sort of malevolent looking mickey mouse that I'm not 100% sure was Disney approved. But you gotta walk around here like a tourist at least once, bumping into people as you stare and point at things. (Side note: if you want to really irritate people who live here, tell them to meet you here.) Lastly, bring back the giant cup of noodles!!
Feels like you're in a film. Really nice to walk through. Listen to some 1990s Brit Pop while walking around at night. Seems to fuse well, strangely enough!
Five stars because I was one of those tourist that every native New Yorker hates. No.. ...I wasn't  take pictures of billboard (we have plenty in WA) ...I didn't stop to look at the pretty lights (we have those too) ...I wasn't looking lost or confused (the map is hiding in under my arm pit) Yes... ...I had to stop here because it's one of the tourist attraction ...I had to buy a souvenir New York mug ...I had to posed in front of time square for a picture to prove that I was here New Yorkers knows that deep down inside you truly love me (the tourist) because we spend lots of money here just for the experience.  Maybe not so much from me because I am cheap and only bought one souvenir and rode the subway everywhere.
Love it or hate it. I imagine there is a similar split of opinion about Leicester Square or Piccadilly Circus in London. If you are local then probably you avoid Times Square like the plague given that the pavements are blocked with randomly ambling slack jawed tourists gazing up at the purty lights and signs. If you are a tourist then make a visit to Times Square. Maybe you will love it, your jaw will slacken as you gaze up at the purty twinkling lights, your mind entering a trance like state. It would be interesting to study the correlation between IQ and time spent gazing upwards in Times Square. Probably an inverse relationship, with a correction factor allowable for people from places in the world with very few interesting things to do - the Midwest, rural East Anglia or North Korea come to mind. I do like purty lights but Times Square does not do it for me.
here is the best location of time square, the second floor decorate all new york attraction, but the management here is very poor, yestrerday we come at about 10:00 pm, we order 3 sandwich, the teller took our money, but without give us receipt, we wait for a long time, almost 20 guests got served, but our sandwich still nit come. we ask the manager here, he try to push us, want we leave ...... after we raise our voice, they give us the food, I belive Mcdonald should audit this location, the manager may not give invoice on purpose, I almost call police, this kind of service is unacceptable fast food let us wait about 30 min..... it is slow food I should give one star, but the decoration I give another star, only the manager change, I belive here should got 5 star
As much as I dislike Times Square because of how boring and overprice everything is, I do enjoy taking pictures here. I dislike every weirdo on the street who's trying to sell you something. They're very rude and they talk a lot of smack because they assume you're not from New York so you don't understand English. What I do like are the cops in Times Square. They're very different from the cops in Brooklyn or Queens. They're actually friendly enough to take a picture with you. The cops in Queens just give you a dirty look. What I also like about Times Square is you never know what you'll run into in the streets. I haven't seen the Naked Cowboy in awhile but I did run into a few other street entertainers. Verdict - Whenever I have relatives or friends that come over from another state or country, they always wanna visit Times Square. It's a place that you can't avoid when it comes to showing people parts of New York. As for a regular New Yorker, I wouldn't come here unless it's for work.
It's Times Square. It's exactly how you've seen in in movies or on TV. What more can I say? If you're visiting New York, then you don't need to be told that you should at least pass through Times Square just to experience the hustle and bustle of the place. I don't care too much for the bars and restaurants in the immediate vicinity, overpriced and below par in my opinion. You can get much better and cheaper quality a 10 min walk in any direction away from Times Square. But as an iconic world site, then you won't be disappointed in the spectacle.
What an awful place... My husband and I visited here on 6/21/13. We visited in the daytime, so I will grant you that I didn't get to see it all lit up at night. However, I don't think it would have made a difference to me. The touristy part of me is glad I went just to say I did, but I'm not glad enough to even give an extra star. There was some yoga event going on and most of the streets were blocked off so hundreds of people could do yoga in the street. Pointless... The cars had to squeeze their way around the people who were also trying to squeeze their way around. I couldn't even count how many people were trying to hit us up for various things (money, selling us something, help in some way). I have never felt more unsafe in my life. I didn't see a single cop, despite passing a station house. The streets/sidewalks/storefronts were FILTHY, the billboards and neons were totally unimpressive, and there was nothing I couldn't have seen in picture on the internet. We couldn't get out of there fast enough. I would never go back, and unless you just have to see it to say you did (like me), I wouldn't recommend it to you.
Oh crap, a New Yorker reviewing Times Square. Here's an insight into my thoughts and internal dialogue on TSQ: "Damn, we use WAY too much electricity! Who the hell pays for this?" "Seriously though, why all the lights?" "HAHAHA there are still a bunch of sex shops on 8th avenue.... I wonder how it use to be with a buncha prostitutes parading along the avenue. Hmmmm." "FU*K! What the hell am I suppose to eat? Overpriced food central over here! I guess I'll eat this granola bar." "Oh crap, look at that line for Shake Shack. Maybe I should tell them it's not that serious..... nah, whatever." "Wait.... where the heck is this theater? Between 7th and 8th? Or 7th and 6th? What... where's Broadway?" "Hahhahahah people are paying $3 for a hotdog?!? That vendor has no heart." "STOP WALKING SO DAMN SLOW!!!! THEY ARE JUST LIGHTS!!!!!" "Seriously, though? Are there no lights where you're from?" Walking through Times Square is extremely annoying but quite alluring for a New Yorker as myself. The internal dialogue above is just a mere fraction of the frustration TSQ inevitably elicits from a New Yorker like me BUT it is quite an attraction trying to walk through these brightly lit streets... and appreciating it for what it is. A tourist trap. BUT a definite must see if in NYC. Oh, there are a Broadway shows... the ONLY reason I ever venture into this neck of the woods.
I went to New York last month and was staying only five minutes walk away from Times Square and I loved seeing all the adverts, lights and different shops. It wasn't too crowded when I was there, lots of tourists but not rammed or annoying. I was also lucky enough to be there when the road was shut for a cancer race so got to sit in the middle of the road which was pretty amazing!
These are two of my favorite ways to enjoy the atmosphere in Times Square. 1) Roll through on a double-decker tour bus. All the sights and sounds with no crowd to deal with. 2) Get some food to go from a local deli or pizza place, and get a table on the plaza in the middle of Times Square. Relax, enjoy my food and the show.
**300th Review** Oh Times Square, what can I say really...except how bipolar you make me feel. When I first moved to the city, I was infatuated by your bright lights as Jay-Z's "Empire State of Mind" blasted through my headphones. Then a surge of irritation came over me as the year drew on and I'd find myself trying to navigate my way through the tourists inside you to get to the West side. Damn tourists! Walk on the RIGHT side of the sidewalk! No cabbie don't take 40th street, or anything north of 34th!! Ugh these obnoxiously bright lights give me a headache! Your giant, seizure-induced flashing, overweight candy character does not make me want to buy MnM's. OUUuchhh I hate you Times Square! I avoided you at all costs, and then, with my luck I was inevitably placed to work with you. Yup, that's right...I see you every day. Every bloody day, and I, I,..what s this? I can't help but love you!? When it's quiet in the mornings down Broadway, when I'm grabbing my coffee, I feel lucky to see you every day. When I run into those "damn tourists", I laugh while I quickly maneuver my way through, as I've pretty much mastered the timing of the street lights and fail to let people irritate me anymore. I've found some hidden gems throughout your streets, like The Counter and one of the only Coffee Beans in the city. I start to notice when never ads go up, and always wonder how much advertisers pay for them. The best part of my day is my 1pm lunch break, where I take my lunch and park it on a table down Broadway and just people watch. Is anyone speaking English? No? Awesome. You are such a melting pot of culture, media and history Times Square. I have learned to love you, so quickly, and I hope to never lose that love. Damn Tourists! MOVE!
Incredible lights and lots of energy. A great place for eye candy and lots of places to shop and visit. Everything is expensive and there are no bargains here. For bargains go to the Chinatown district. Best time to visit is at night when all the lights dance before your eyes. mes Square, the most bustling square of New York is known for its many Broadway theatres, cinemas and supersigns. It is one of those places that make New York a city that never sleeps. New York Times Headquarters: The inauguration of the New York Times' new headquarters at 1 Times Square was celebrated with a fireworks display, starting a New Year's eve tradition which still continues today. The first famous ball-lowering from Billboardsthe 1 Times Square's rooftop pole was held on New Year's Eve 1907.
Never likes it before but never thought I would like it even less after the renewal!! It is like Disneyland.. NYC should NOT be like Disneyland!!!
The level of love and hate in my relationship with Times Square is a little ridiculous. I hate how it takes an hour to walk one block through the masses. I love the business it brings in for the city. I hate that it is one of the biggest representations of commercialism and capitalism in the world. I love the tourists. I hate the tourists. I love Broadway shows. I hate that there is not one decent place to eat that won't be a total ripoff. I love the street performers. I hate the naked cowboy. I love watching all the New Yorkers angrily force their way through the crowds knowing very well what they were getting themselves into when choosing to see a Broadway show on a Saturday night. I hate getting bombarded by flyers (no I do NOT like comedy). I love that it's one of the most racially, culturally and economically diverse places in the world.   I've experienced some amazing moments in Times Square. I was here during the 2008 presidential election, complete insanity. I remember seeing it for the first time as a child and how thrilling it seemed compared to my little suburban town. Coming through the Lincoln Tunnel meant driving through Times Square. I always had the feeling there of "something is going to happen today." There is an unmistakable energy in this particular part of town. It's an almost uncomfortable, supercharged energy. It's unlike anywhere else though and part of what brings millions of visitors to the city every year. So if you're one of those angry New Yorkers pushing past the wide-eyed, open-mouthed tourists....give them a break! Those shiny lights and big buildings are pretty freakin' cool looking!
One of the most amazing places in NYC. Even past midnight it is full of ppl.
You have got to see this place to believe it! In the films it looks like one big square like Picadilly but it is so much more than that with Broadway cutting across diagonally and each block bringing new shops, restaurants and things to see. The lit up signs are quite amazing and it is vibrant at night. Loads of cinemas and theatres for a night out but some of the restaurants have a waiting time so be prepared.
I'm actually not too sure what's so amazing about Times Square. Perhaps it's because I walk through here everyday on the way to work, but even when I was a tourist, I didn't really think that there was much to do around here. If this is your first time in NYC, then you're pretty much coming here. After seeing all the bright lights and chain stores that you already have back at home, then what else can you do? This place is overly crowded with tourists, and the food is pretty damn overpriced. It's only natural because of the target clientele here. Nonetheless, you won't find a place like Times Square anywhere else in the country. It is unique, over the top, and never empty. I guess the coolest store here is Toys R Us. It has a full size ferris wheel inside, and the place is huge. If you get tired, then have a seat right in the middle of Times Square and prepare for an eyegasm from all the lights and advertisements. Great for your first visit to New York I suppose, but after that, you've pretty much seen it all and don't need to come back ever again.
What can I say? I'm a tourist. My first visit here, I was absolutely overwhelmed. I live near Chicago, and while the city itself has a gorgeous cityscape, Times Square's intense light spectacle is amazing. That's all I remember about this place. The intense amount of colors and lights and the insane traffic and stress of this place. It's enticing. Yeah, big tourist traps, too many chain restaurants and advertisements. But to me, that's what makes this place so great to look at. Just to stand and look at everything pass by.
If you're expecting the open expanse of space like the zocalo in Mexico DF or Trafalgar Square in London you might be a bit disappointed to find that Times square is not really a square at all, just a confluence of streets. However the electronic billboards and iconic shops like Toys r us (kids will love the big wheelalthough there is often a wait to get on, and it's not cheap) and Junior's for fantastic cheesecake, which is just round the corner make it worthwhile. M&M world is fun for kids. try and go after dark to really experience the sounds and light.
I pity people with ADD that go to Times Square. There is so much stimulation. Distractions are at every turn! Sensory overload at its most extreme, for sure. Besides the many annoyances - it's crowded, loud, smelly, littered with "field marketers" who are trying to sell or make you do something, and people are literally pushy - it's freakin' AMERICAN! You don't go around giving the flag two stars now do you? I'll be the first to admit it's a tourist trap, but it's a NYC must-do if you visit! It's so iconic and popular, you'd be a fool not to see it with your own two eyes. The advertising alone is a sight to see. It's an opportunity to feast your eyes on some of the most "creative" advertisements (with some of the biggest budgets and wildest ideas) in the country and the ambiance just can't be matched anywhere else. Yep. Four stars for being 'merican.
Let me sum up this place in  3  words Pretty but overcrowded
Whatever you expect or think about Times Square, when judging from the movies is exactly how its going to be, what an amazing place. The energy of the people, the thickness of the air, the crowds and crowds of tourist everywhere trying to take pictures. It has everything you need there, restaurants (the good and the bad ones), shops with all sorts of rubbish in that needs to be bought as little memento's. Just watching the adverts on their advertising screens looks great. The only thing I got disappointed in was when I was there for new year and couldn't get to the centre of it all but that was my own fault for not going early enough
Iconic New York destination. Everyone has to come here at some point. If you're a fan of it or not this is a must. For those of us who grew up in New York or have been there numerous times this place is annoying. However, no trip to New York is ever complete without at least one visit. Some thoughts: Hustle and bustle of New York (for the tourists that is) Real New Yorkers stay away. Lots of glittering signs (imagine the energy bills) Crowded (Good and bad. Good if you want to see a ton of people. Bad if you're like me and can't stand crazy crowds.) Will I go again? sure, but only if i have to. There are far better and nicer parts of New York City.
Quite delicious Cocktails, nice barkeepers, nice Cafe. We spend one evening in the Hard Rock and.. yes, it was nice, but nothing more. The Cafe is full of tourists  of course  and it's really noisy in there. All in all it was good.. but one evening is enough ;)
Times Square sucks ass...No self-respecting New Yorker would deal with that shit unless absolutely necessary. When I go to AMC to catch a flick I take 41st Street and walk around....
If you didn't grow up in a hotel in NYC, you've prob seen it on MTV or a visit once or twice. The sirens and rattle of "The City That Never Sleeps" won't bother you... if you're used to it but if you're a cowboy- you're probably The Naked Cowboy! Close to everything: Shopping, food, parties... Sometimes I miss it, sometimes I realize I'm not a kid anymore ; ) GOTTA MAKE IT HERE AT LEAST ONCE IN LIFE- IT'S NYC!!!
Reminds me of Shibuya Crossing in Tokyo Japan. You should definitely check out Times Square on Weekends, after 5pm. Its a VERY bustling place, at times hard to get through. There's almost every culture present. From New Yorks ever busy businessmen rushing to their after-work drinks, to glamorous and always very fashionable Asians, to the Nuts-4-Nuts seller at the corner and the Hot-Dog to go. And of course tons of tourists, which always block the ways of the locals. Try the nearby T.G.I. (Thank God it's) Friday for a real barbecue slice of American culture. One either loves the food or doesn't. Also there is Little Brazil just nearby on 5 Av 45th/46th street. You might also make pictures of yourself in front of the big M&M screen with you and your M&M pal on screen .. There's definitely no way around this place in New York. A must!
Native NYers like myself make jokes about Times Square. They say it's for rubes, which it is. They say it's one large tourist zone which thankfully keeps the slowmoving unadventurous tourists busy and corralled so the rest of us can work. They're right. They say most of the shows are for people who want to see live versions of bad movies, and that's a big 'yup'. And most of all they say the food is awful, the souvenirs are junk, and only a boob would want to visit there. All of that is true... Until the lights come on at night. And then it's beautiful. However, it's New York City at it's finest- and by that I mean, it's the New York that picks your pocket with a smile, pats you on the head, blows cheap cigar in your face, and walks off with your money AND your watch, and makes you want to give it your buttons, too. Go there to see the bright lights, take in a good show (they exist, and they tend to be more serious), and then hightail it out of there. There are plenty of good restaurants in New York without your staying in this area to eat, unless you think McDonalds at a higher price is a great treat. Ask the locals for recommendations, not the concierges. Yes, actually stop people on the street, about a block or so outside the horror of Times Square. There's great entertainment in other parts of the city too, especially for families. Oh- and those overpriced tours? Don't buy them. You'll never get to see all those places in a month, let alone 4 days. Get a good guide book and take the city buses. You'll meet helpful New Yorkers and see a lot more. Or, take one of the many walking tours around town. They're much more fun! Those of us past the age of 21 who live in NY and NJ usually only go to Times Square to get to and from the nearby bus terminal (which is why we look angry when we see slow-moving tourists- we're trying to get home or to work), to see a movie, or to see a show. Otherwise we tend to avoid the area like the plague. However, BB Kings does have great blues in their below-stairs bar, and you can listen for close to free. Just buy a soda or a drink.
I live and work nearby, and walking through this area is so unpleasant it makes me want to scream.  In New York, the sidewalks are our highways.  Mr. Slow-Walking Asshole with a Huge Backpack, when you're at home in Iowa, do you make a habit of coming to complete stop while driving because you see something shiny?   Fuck, guys, some of us have places to be, this is our most direct route, and we want to be out of Times Square as quickly as possible.  Delay us at your peril.
Just mega!!!! You go all funny as you wander around all starry eyed. Times Square just helps make New York, New York!!!!
Its one of those painful tourist traps that everyone has to see once. As some other reviewers said, it all depends when you go.
Deer in headlights. That pretty much sums up how the dazzling lights mesmerize the throng of mouth breathers into a frustratingly meandering human barrier.  Even worse is when I have to play Virgil and navigate out-of-town friends through this pit of limbs and fanny packs. On the plus side, it looked really lovely in the opening scene of Vanilla Sky.
"Taste of Times Square" Happened today (6/6/11) from 5-9. It was awesome!   Great portions and ticket ($1 each) prices were reasonable.  (i.e.: Junior's Cheesecake: 2 tickets = $2; Carmine's Eggplant Parm = 3 tickets)  Actually most of the sweet stuff were 2 tickets and the most of the heavier savory items were 3.  I only saw 1 restaurant w/ items for 5 tickets. Naturally, it was Times Square so of course it was beyond crowded - so I wouldn't recommend the event for kids.  Nonetheless, a good portion of the people were cool about it and simply went with the very slow flow.
Kinda the place to be on times square, nice hamburgers, nice waiters and a very popular environement. For everybody that like eating in music and share a nice time with friends.
Of course it's a zoo.  It is the top travel destination in the ENTIRE UNITED STATES.  What does that mean? -  Oblivious Americans AND foreigners. -  An amazing melting pot of cultures, attitudes, and styles. -  Within 5 minutes your are likely to hear 20 different spoken languages Now as a New Yorker, I loathe Times Square and avoid it at all costs, but as a human being...  I love it.   Bright lights, giant ads, noise, delightful and awful smells.  It's the epicenter of the excess of Capitalism, and a long-standing symbol of NYC (even if it is not accurate). I realize it has changed over the years (thinking back to the late 80's, early 90's when it felt like Gotham City), and some may argue that's for the better or for the worse, but as time passes Times Square will remain a symbol of America, New York City, and the highs and lows of both.
Tourist, tourist, tourist, a few restaurants, Wallgreen's, Duane Reade's.... ZZZZ I miss the old Times Square!
The city which never sleep !!!!!!!
Like they say about Woody Allen movies "i like them except for that annoying whiny guy who's always starring in them" Times square would be great if it wasn't for all the people and the crowds and the tourists and the bodies and the idiots and the meander-thols and the photo-takers and the hand-holders and the white-sock-sandal-wearers and the gawkers and the "oh my gosh"-ers and the ....well you get the idea
When you compare Times Square to similar places (town squares, city centers, major city intersections) say in London, Vegas, Paris, Dubai? - there's nothing like it and of course it rates 5 stars.  If you are looking for bright lights in the big city it doesn't get any better than this!  Go at night, climb to the top of the new red TKTS steps and prepare to be amazed! As for Times Square on New Years Eve?  What was I thinking!?
What's not to love about Times Square?? It's just one of those places that You need to visit at least. I spend a lot of free time over there, cause that's where the action is. Food, drinks, all sorts of entertainment. But mainly it's the energy of the place, I guess. Something magical happens with all the bright lights and millions of people around. DO NOT DRIVE THERE!!!!!
Oh the lights! The lights! I'm going blind!  My retina is going to die and I can blame it all on Corporate America-buy! buy! buy!.  They are extolling me to buy stuff while blinding me-how am I suppose to want to buy anything when I can no longer see that shirt that I've been told in a huge billboard is the reason that anyone will like me or want me and will be the justification for my everlasting beauty, popularity and success in life?!! * The only reason I gave Times Square 3*'s instead of 2: 2*'s stands for "Meh. I've experienced better"-I can honestly say I have absolutely never experienced anything like it.
Went once at noon and once at midnight- def more exciting at night, but it left something to be desired.   Everything was cool to see and take pics, but I bounced after 15 minutes.  A million tourists everywhere, lots of gimmicky things aimed at tourists, and people trying to scam you out of money.  Lol.  But that's all part of it!
In a thriving metropolis like NYC there is just no way you can miss Times Square, it's definitely an Energy Center. It's like the Heartbeat of NY. If you're tired you will wake up once you've step foot in Times Square. Check out a broadway play, or the naked cowboy or stop on by to the David Letterman show, meet your favorite celebrity in wax at Madame Tussauds or have a bite to eat at the Hard rock cafe. I LUV NY & Times Sq Rocks!!! :D
How exactly has it improved when one can still go there, for gaudy lights, increasingly sketchy crowds, complete and utter filth encrusting each end like a tacky frame, and at the end, you walking away with no money in your pockets and a cheap feeling in your heart? At least back in the day, your funds went out quarter by quarter, a slow trickle that kept you busy for a while. Now one stop at the M&M's store (since that particular confection is not sold anywhere else) and your wad is blown. So to speak. When I entertain people from out of town, I point out where the porn theaters were, and where you could get any type of ID made for you, and buy one of those knives that grip between your knuckles all in one stop. They love it.  I don't. I bought one of those "name in a frame" dealies from a vendor for my nephew and reflected on how a guy was selling a pyramid stack of hot TV's more or less on that spot 20 years ago.
How could you not love Times Square?! This is a NYC icon and a must see. The activity and energy that this place has is incredible -unlike anything else in the world. Just stand to the side and take it all in! You won't see the same thing twice. Go at night because then you get to see the place all lit up. Oh, and do some shopping, of course!
Business as usual in Times Square. Never been to ny need to spend an hr or two wandering around. Bright lights big city
To me, Times Square symbolizes the best and worst of NYC -- opulence, glitz and glamour of everything mixed with the infectious energy that one can do anything they want to. Dreams are realized here. Contrast this with the worst of TS -- over saturation, crammed sidewalks and cliche stereotypes of NYC. Street peddlers, tourists snapping pictures in the middle of the street and congestion galore. Manhattan is so much more than Times Square, yet without it, the city would be nothing like it is. Come here to experience a moment of bliss and inspiration. In Times Square, anyone can do anything, even if it's a fantasy. PS: Photosensitive epileptics do not come here.
Gone are the drug dealers, two-bit whores, hustlers, card sharks, street vendors, porn palaces, and dirt and debris. In their place are legitimate theaters, deluxe hotels, Madame Tussaud, amusement arcades and chain restaurants better suited for suburban malls, and clean sidewalks you can tread without fear, day or night. Kudos to Rudy Giuliani and the folks at Disney for initiating the area's transformation from hell-hole to hot-spot. It's loud and glitzy, just as the Crosswords of the World should be, and it represents - to visitors from around the country and all over the globe, and most locals as well - the heart and soul of New York City. Let's face it . . . no matter where in the world you might be, the new year officially begins when the ball drops in Times Square.
If you're looking for a beautiful place to visit in NYC then its def times square at night! Its gorgeous, busy as hell 24/7. U'll love everythig about this plac3!
The only time its good is 4am when there is that strange guy preaching with the loudspeakers. The Naked Cowboy now stands around with a security guy and or agent. It is not cute. It is not sexy. A homeless guy bled on my friend near ESPN Zone or Champs. Not that it matters. The Bway shows that are not supposed to be commercialized have become lame and commercialized. Sad. Sad. Sad. Though what tourists wear and think is fashionable is kind of fun to watch. 2stars for funny tourist watching. Bail quick though it gets super old super fast.
It was freezing when I got into the city around 10pm, but the lights are mesmerizing...I had to run around to snap some pics despite the cold. Everything is open pretty late, which is so different from California...I guess I am a city girl at heart. Lots of shops, cafes, restaurants, halal carts, and people out at night.
a lot to see and do as well as a lo to photograph. One example was the billboard that showed a section of times square where people gathered to take photo's of themselves. Another is the various comic acts running around and scaring people. watch out for cars, look at the street signs and lights before crossing. plenty to see and do around such as eating, watching a show, movie theatres and more
Times Square is synonymous with tourist central and its a shame that some of them will probably go away with the idea that this is what NY is all about:  crowded, bright, overwhelming, and super expensive.  Yet they see this stuff on TV through their major broadcasting stations (ABC, CBS, FOX, NBC, etc.), through TRL on MTV, countless movies, and of course the ball dropping on New Year's Eve with Dick Clark.  Typically most NYers will avoid this place like the plague, similar to how many native Las Veganites will avoid the strip unless they have to work there. That said its a sad sight to see the super sized version of virtually everything.  Food tastes processed and is more expensive than the good stuff.  The Broadway shows are nearby and its an absolute DEATH TRAP when the police push the crowds together and grid lock the streets for New Years preparations.  Imagine if one needed to pee or vomit, what a nightmare. Ironically, it can be beautiful too.  I am in the area often and when I have visitors I usually will take them here at night when things are calm, the street vendors are willing to budge with bargaining and the lights provide a luminescent glow to the NY sky.  Its an eerie feeling to be able to stand in the middle of Times Square with no traffic and eerie tranquility.
It's a shame Times Square doesn't actually, physically trap tourists.
heloooooooo fanny pack! welcome to disneyvegas. times square SUCKS. monkey balls. on the bright side, it gives you somewhere to unleash your suburban relatives for a few hours.
I can't stand Times Square. The only people you find around TS are tourists. Don't get me wrong, I'm ok with tourists, and I enjoy being a tourist myself. But a place where there are ONLY tourists?! Hell no! Everything about TS is fake: the lights are fake, the restaurants are fake, the bars are fake. TS just tells me nothing about NYC. The only thing I some times like about TS is "Toys 'R Us", since quite a few times I had fun (perhaps too much fun...?) picking up toys for my friends' kids
DON'T DO IT! That's all you need to know: just say no!
god what a fuckin nightmare last nite for new yrs eve trying to get from 6th to 8th. the cops barricaded all the streets so we couldn't get from 6th to 8th even though we had tickets to a party in a hotel club in times square. we walked for literally an hr getting buttfucked by every cop telling us to go to 42nd, then 48th, then 52nd, then 58th, etc. only to turned away everytime. we ended up just getting a cab to go WAY around and finally get to 49th and 8th. made us miss the open bar from 8-9 bitch ass cops!!! well maybe it was a good thing b/c i was totally faded by midnight. oh and btw pepcid AC totally works for those of us affected by the asian blush.
Located in the heart of Manhattan, aka the cross roads of the world. Growing up in the city this place was filled with drugs and sex shops. Boy have times changed over the last two decades. This place is now more of a tourist attraction, in fact there are more tourists then new yawkers. It has become pepole friendly with pedestrian ramps and plazas. There are shops and restaurants up and down the avenue. Recently updated tks booth makes for good site seeing views. The best part of times square is on new years eve when millions upon millions of people count down the ball drop to bring in the new year. I never get tired of it, tourists spend money which helps our city. Disney has changed what people think of new york, the safest big city in America. Btw there are dozens if not hundreds of police in the area. Oh and of course you will see a lot of weird things such as the naked cowboy.
Hell on earth.
Times Square gets a bad rap from locals and even tourists because these people try to pretend to be profound by saying pretty obvious things like, "It's full of chain restaurants."  Wow, what a deep insight!   People don't go there for the chain restaurants.  They go there because there's no other place quite like it in the world.  The giant news marquee, the Nasdaq Building, the Broadway shows, the side pizza joints, the stock quotes, the lights, the signs, everything is beautifully made.  I admit it's not one of the greatest things in New York, but it makes New York special.  Going to a movie there late at night can be a memorable experience.  It's certainly not one of my favorite New York areas, but I do appreciate it despite the obvious facts that people keep ranting about lke how touristy it is and how people are impressed with bright lights.  Bottom line is, most people bad-mouth it because they believe it's "hip" to do so.
This is the worst spot to head if you are a local.  The tourists dominate the scene and don't bother to watch where they are going, or they stop dead in their tracks and you run right into them.   However, this is a sight to see at night.  The glitzy, glamorous lights become enticing and you just want to become part of the scene.  Who can resist?  Just do yourself a favor and avoid the lame chain restaurants surrounding Times Square.
So many lights! I enjoyed walking through this area just to see all the pretty lights and signs. It's unique! However it is a tourist trap. I like unique local spots and this is definitely not one of them. This has all the stores that any other mall has. It's great if you need some quick shopping done too. I love the M&M store though!
Three stars. One for each decade I have been to Times Square. It use to be the scariest place to walk through as a kid, like an episode of Hill Street Blues with crack and neon added into the mix. Three card monte and homeless hotels were inter lade with breakers and fakers. I actually saw a guy with a suit lined with reproduced watches. Yeah times square used to be cool. What happened ? Well there was the Disney incident on 42nd street which led to ESPN and Carson Daily. Whats to see? There is  a wack museum, I mean a wax museum and a couple of movie theaters, one with an observation deck. Sorry campers because gone are the arcades and looky booths. The last arcade was really cool; they had a karaoke night where people would sing saucy R&B songs and the occasional gamer would break out OPP. Now there is the Nokia, which is kind of like The Tunnel, less the ecstasy and dance space. There used to be a WWE wrestling club in that area which made total sense, and I do not think that exists anymore. Times square attracts a lot of spectators. Put the lights on and watch the bugs get zapped on hot summer night. What happened to your magic TS? When Michael Jackson died I expected to see the days of old and yet when my friend pantsed me on the bleachers there was an Italian family on vacation taking pictures of a sewer cap? No weirdos or good dressers, no hustlers or street dwellers to speak of?The Times have gotten Square I guess...but I still love you.
Thought I was doing a nice thing for children/family by taking 3yo to big toy store; I drove, to compound my sins (baby in tow). Was rewarded w/ snark by wife and ticket from police (went to pick up car, came back, on phone to advise them of my arrival, wife chose to not pick up, cop saw me DUMB DUMB DUMB). I deserved the latter. No more Times Square.
God. I hate it.
The other reviews are hilarious. Such pure disdain for Times Square and thus, hilarity ensues. Firstly it is nothing like Vegas, the whole vibe it completely different. Okay yes it, for the most part, is way overcrowded but it's not that bad. During the day and around the show times it is crazed but all those tourists with cameras are providing for NYC's tourist economy. Thankfully the tourists have come back in their droves. They're entirely necessary, even though when you're in a hurry they are very taxing. It is beautiful in its own right and so very New York. One night at about 1am last summer, I left a movie theatre on 42nd street and it was pouring rain. As the rain stopped I turned onto Broadway and low and behold it was EMPTY, well pretty much between 43rd & 46th. It was insanely beautiful when it was empty. I know bitching about it is typical NYC behaviour and I have even done it myself, but that place is amazing - and if you can get there in the middle of the night, even better.
I hate Times Square so much, with its crowds of tourists, heavy traffic, and constant barrage of enormous adverisements and crappy chain stores. If not for the TKTS booth and abundance of theatres and train lines, I'd never go here.  Instead, I find myself here far too often, and die a little inside each time.
So I understand the hate.  But there's something totally electric about being in Times Square.   I think it's the electricity.
Where else are you going to find a giant neon Cup 'o Noodles?  Yes, this is it.  The biggest tourist trap in the world.  You have to see it once in your lifetime, it's entrenched with every soul sucking corporate chain you can think of, and it's lit so brightly you can see it from outer space.  It's actually kind of nice to walk through here if you're on the way from point A to point B.  Kind of a reminder that we're all tourists in one way or another.  And it's a decent place to people watch, you really see all walks of life here, from the tourist families sunburnt fuchsia in flip flops, to the guys outside Virgin in dreadlocks trying to sell you a bootleg CD, to the caricature artists and the occasional celebrity.  In other words, all bottom dwellers.  But hey, this is also where you're going to take your out of towners, watch your musicals, and find some of the weirdest street performers in the subway station underground.  There are other tourist attractions that I DON'T want to bother going to (i.e. the observation deck on the Empire State, the Statue of Liberty, etc.) but this one is easy enough to get to.  And easy enough to get the hell out of.
I completely understand the draw of Times Square, but the crowds & abundant solicitors make it one of my least favorite areas to walk through in the city. The lights are not half as stunning during the daytime, so it always makes me wonder what ALL these people are doing here and why they cannot seem to walk in any remotely normal fashion so I can get on my way. I know its an iconic NYC tourist spot.. la la la.. so I get it. The best times to go are during the week (still ridiculously crowded) and between 1am-6am when it is still dark but no crowds (Which makes for the best photos, unless you like your pictures out of focus because you keep getting bumped into and having 10,000,000 strangers in your photos). Have a game plan ahead of time to make your visit efficient and avoid having to double back and forth down the busy strip. There's really no where you want to eat near TS/Theatre District.  All the dining options are mediocre at best and overpriced. Your best bets nearby are Shake Shack, the 53rd and 6th Halal cart, or walking over to to Hell's Kitchen.   If you are a tourist, this is a decent spot to pick up cheap t-shirts, coffee mugs, postcards, etc. Most of that stuff is overpriced, but some is not so bad. When girlfriends come to visit from California, they like to check out: 1) Forever 21 - enormously overwhelming.. I can't handle shopping there.. but they do have a photobooth which can be pretty fun. 2) Sanrio/hello kitty themed store. 3) ToysRUs - most of these in my home city are run down and skeeve me out slightly but this one is bright, fun and complete with its own indoor ferris wheel. 4) Red stairs - (in)famous TS photo spot 5) American Eagle video billboard - It's a shame that foreign tourists have this as the representation of american style, but hey its a chance to see yourself on the big screen!!
Even though time square can be really crowded I like the fact there's so many things to do so many things to see. I don't go to the city often but when I do I love to stop by to see the amazing lights and the little things happening in time square. All the restaurant in time square are amazing love eating in the city .Going to time square in the holidays can be really crazy but at the same time it's the best place to be when u want to go out and have some fun.
dirty, crowded, full of construction work.  may be great for a wide eyed tourist from a small town but you can skip this if you already live in a large city.  there are better places to see and do if you don't need cheap souvenirs and don't want your picture taken with cartoon characters in dirty or bad costumes.
There's no-one to blame but myself. I chose the job between Bubba Gump and Hard Rock. I try to have as much fun with it as I can. I make a game of stepping in front of tourists pictures. I see how long I can hold my breath by the heaps of garbage. I keep track of how many times I get asked, "do you like comedy?" I dodge stopped tourists like a running back. I console my mom when a crazy biker explodes a bomb at 3am next door to my office. Good times, good times.
I get that Time Square can be overwhelming, crowded, smelly and extremely annoying.  But I have to say, nothing beats a smooth taxi ride down Broadway with all the windows open on a warm summer night or crisp fall evening...all the lights, people and street vendors are enough to put a smile on anyone's face.
times square!?!  times square?!?! like, omg, so cool!!
Giant. Inflatable. Colon. THAT YOU CAN WALK THROUGH. Naked Cowboy. Random red staircase that leads to nowhere. Nuts for Nuts every half block. Elmo running around. Police Officers making jokes about pedestrians almost being squished by cars. An animated M&M character the size of a school bus waving from a billboard. Tourists striking ridiculous poses EVERYWHERE. Cheap/ Half-price/ Almost-free comedy tickets being offered to you every three feet. Need I say more??
I like the hustle and bustle but there's really not much here but Jumbotrons and drugged out looking like cartoon characters trying to get you to take pictures with them for tips. The Peking duck dumplings cart in front of Footlocker is worth a try though.
Yuck!!!!  Can I say just how much I hate this place?  I would give anything to have the old, seedy, degenerate Times Square of the 80's versus this Disneyland.  It used to be fun, scary and produce a great story when you left.  Now, I feel like I'm supposed to have a kid attached to my hip.  I do like the naked cowboy though.  Thank God there is still something of the old as tame as he is.
Olive Garden, Red Lobster, TGIFridays and Applebees. If you're not from the midwest on vacation, stay away.
Bring back the hookers, cheap drugs and freaky porn stores? Wow, this place used to be so seedy and disgusting, and now it's one of the most energetic and iconic places in NYC. What's with all the complaints? Yeah, the hordes of tourists walking through might get on some peoples' nerves, but I think all the people just add to to the liveliness. It's the only place I've been so far where I actually appreciate all the advertisements, and if you're going to take a night time walk in Manhattan, Times Square is a great place to go.
I don't like a place that opens it's arms and welcomes middle America. Especially a city like new York. Avoided it in the time of peep shows and shady characters and still avoiding it now. Except with out of towner friends. Damn you guys!
I must be in a good mood today, because I'm giving this place a whole 5 stars!!! woohoo... Dear Times Square, Thank you for having your bright lights and awesome advertisements. (I miss the cup noodles with the steam coming out!!!) Thank you for attracting all those tourists that help prop up NYC's economy. Thank you for always being in at least one scene in a movie filmed in NYC. Thank you for having a subway station that connects all of NYC's subways...all in one place!! Thank you for hosting that one cowboy playing the guitar in his whitey-tighties. That's right. You've earned your spot as one of the top places in the world to see. You deserve some R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
Times Square is the ultimate American experience! Lots of stores, shows and restaurants!  The lights never go out and it's definitely the place the never sleeps.  It's full of excitement.
I came here in July 2006.I loved it from the first time I set my eyes on it.It's so alive!Even at 9pm,there were still shops open and people out and about.This is a great place if you don't mind all the noise and lights and crowds.Since it is crowded,I don't recommend this place to people who may have a social anxiety.If you're bringing little kids with you,make sure you keep a watchful eye on them as it is easy to get lost in the crowd.Please follow all the traffic rules as cars and cabs will run you over.They don't mess around!
Dear Times Square: Here is a little list of what I love and hate about you. I hate when tourists step on my feet. I hate when tourists stop in front of my to take a picture. I hate how crowded and overwhelming it can be around lunch time. I love that there is a lot of variety when it comes to food and shopping I love that you have some of the best Broadway musicals I've ever seen, along with some really good cheesecake at Juniors. It's a love hate thing with you and I Times Square. Right now I love you Mostly because as annoying as the tourist are you bring revenue to the city... I mostly love you when I don't have to be in you for too long (Kinda like a guy huh?). Ally
day 54 it ain't no central park. its quite the opposite. its more like vegas. i came all the way to new york to be in vegas again???
Excitement, entertainment, atmosphere, action, lights, crowds. The best place to visit in USA for 4-5 hours. This place is electric as I've ever seen. I've lived in Sao Paulo, visited Seoul, Tokyo and Rio. None have the sheer vibrance that Times Square offers.
For my 2000th review, I choose... Times FLIPPING Square! It's the entertainment center of America. Other than the lack of Congresscritters, it's the capital of the country. Other than maybe Red Square or Tienanmen Square, is there any other place more famous than Times Square? How many movies? How many TV shows? How many of everything!! This place has caché! It has gavitas! It has awesomeness. Very easy to access on foot (just follow Broadway to the bright lights) or take just about any subway line to get here. Of grab one of New York's iconic yellow taxi cabs. Even at 8:00 on a weeknight, the place is massively lit and extremely busy with lots of cops around to make sure that everything stays nice and calm. This is not the Times Square and 42nd Street of years ago. Giuliani (America's Mayor?) did a fine job of cleaning up the smut and the hookers and now you really can bring your family here. Need something to eat? The usual chain restaurants are here including Starbucks that's open late. And plenty of souvenir shops are open with all the tchotchkies that you need to bring home. Yep, you can still see the New Year's Eve Ball up there on the building. It's awesome. Five stars? It should be TEN! This is AS GOOD AS IT GETS!
Is it always crowded? Yes. Too many tourists? Yes. Everything over priced? Yes. But I can't help myself- I still love it! All the bright lights, broadway musicals, crazy charactors, shops, etc. Times Square is New York and there is no other place like it anywhere. I still find it funny when seeing the country bumpkins walk around looking up at all the tall building with their mouths open. But I do miss all the porn shops and dirty movies places from the past. Now that was New York!
This is the most congested area in the city. period.  we avoided this place during the day, instead of battling the crowds.  seriously, if you go during the day you will be pushed, stepped on, elbowed, etc....it's like all the tourists come here and only here....it's like, SPREAD OUT PEOPLE!  it's not worth it!  there are so many more interesting and fun places to go in this city!  whoa there!  it is definitely a sight to see, but spending hours upon hours is unnecessary, unless you are into "chain restaurants" that you can eat in anywhere in the U.S. or are into trinket shopping.  so....i can see why families tend to end up here because kids are picky about everything, right.  so....if you truly want to experience the beauty of times square and the amazing lights...go at night...LATE!  seriously...don't go at dinner time or any time during the day...that would be a big mistake.  i'm not telling you not to go, it's just decide to go at a down time.  you will enjoy it much more that way.  we went from like 11 pm - 12 am and were able to thoroughly enjoy it...we could actually see our feet and see sidewalk for 50 feet before the next group of people! ha!
I don't like tourists, and this is tourist-central. Also, there's the fact that all of the stores are just larger versions of the ones you can find in any mall in America. So I don't really see the point in visiting more than once because it's completely overwhelming how many people are cluelessly milling around. The food is nothing special, just jacked up prices on national chain restaurants. The one thing that is worth checking out is the sheer magnitude of energy consumption that is taking place. There are tons of LED billboards and flashing lights. I think that's why the tourists like to just stand there and take pictures looking up at all angles.
When tourists go to Times Square they aren't  in our neighborhoods annoying us.  If not for it's shinny, blinky allure, your favorite bar and restaurant would no doubt be overrun by  waddling, fanny-packed Midwesterners.
I wanted to watch CNN on the big screens they had one summer day. The neon colored lawn chairs were an interesting addition. Yet no sound at all! Eh, that sucked. I hardly ever come here only if there is a concert I go to in the Nokia Theatre. But come to think about it this area is far more pleasing to me than my last visit to Union Square. But no big screens and broadway shows are not my thing.
Tourist trap for sure, but sure as heck a fun way to get trapped! Stores everywhere, billboards and lights everywhere you look, access points to virtually every subway line in Manhattan, some of the best food around.  If you like cheesecake, try Junior's, its to die for.   Have Fun and be careful out there
The actual Times Square is a small plaza with a statue on it. The lights are just added effects after the fact but I like the wonderful neon lights at night. Kinda wish I had the place all to myself like that scene in 'Vanilla Sky' just to take it all in.
Times Square  is an advertiser's dream. So many television networks have studios here. Close to Broadway, movies, music videos, being filmed! So much going on! I waked through Times Square at 1:00 in the morning when it was empty and at 4:00 in the afternoon when there was hardly space on the sidewalk due to so many people! I loved that the stores were open until midnight! I was able to browse and take pictures at 11pm! The day I arrived Adrian Grenier and Russell Simmons held a rally and on the I left there were props from the movie New Year's Eve set up for filming during the next week! As much as I ignore the thousands of advertisements I encounter daily, being in Times Square it was fun to see the flashing lights of the giant billboards, especially at night. Also the NYPD police officers were so helpful in assisting me with getting directions when I had to find an office building or had to get directions when I got lost on the subway! I have always wanted to ring in New Year's here (yes, I know it is cold and crowded)  and I hope to get the chance one day!
THIS CITY NEVER SLEEPS! It is totally and utterly true. I came here after midnight and it seriously was still bustling with tourists and as bright as ever. This is the epitome of the up and about nightlife in New York and I cant imagine getting tired of this poppin scene. It is exactly how you imagined it. Huge screens plastered all along the buildings, lights flashing, people walking and taking photos, shopping, and of course you have to check out the ball that drops during New Years. It is visible but tucked away on the top of one of the buildings. I can only imagine how magical it is to be here for New Years even though the crowd would be ridiculous, that makes that special moment even crazier and special. I went to Times Square three times during my trip and every time it feels like daytime because the lights are just crazy bright. There are tons of shops around that are open just as late so if you cant sleep, join the rest of the city and explore! Sometimes I just caught myself standing still, twirling around, and enjoying the entire place. I probably wont experience it again so breathe it in :) **TIPS** 1) It is DSLR time :) 2) Even at midnight in September, it was still warm and I didnt even need a jacket when exploring. 3) Enjoy!
I guess if you're a local, just like any tourist spot in your city/neighborhood, you'd probably hate it. As far as "tourist traps" go, nothing is as beautiful as Times Square. You have plenty of shopping choices, restaurants, Broadway. The lights do remind me of the Las Vegas strip, but here, it's all in one place. I have relatives who live in NYC and they love how ex Mayor Guiliani has come and cleaned up the area since he was in office. It is more tourist friendly now when it used to be more native friendly back in the day. During the day, you'll see plenty of vendors hawking goods left and right. It's like a bazaar, but in the concrete jungle. Just be careful if you're not used to New Yorkers. They will push, they will be blunt, and cabbies will not hesitate to run lights.
my memory of NY.
Bitching about about Times Square being a tourist trap is sort of...oh...I don't know..stupid? Of course it's a damned tourist trap.  Do you think Vegas locals hang out at the casinos in their free time?  I doubt it. I have a novel idea, if you don't like it, don't go there.  Imagine that!  Freedom of Choice!!!!  I mean, there are plenty of other things for your too-cool-for-school hipster asses to do than to hang out at Times Square with some tourist types. Bright, crowded, and loud.  It's a place worth checking out due to the sheer spectacle.
Recent visit as a native New Yorker pegs my travels here, unfortunately.  Always crowded either pedestrian or auto traffic, never space for free movement.  Always overpriced tourist shops, restaurants, and retailers.  The most picturesque view is standing on Broadway overlooking at the famous iconic One Times Square building where on a clear visible day is the New Year's Eve time ball and the "2012" year inscribed in lights.  At times there are very sketchy Sesame Street characters or Disney characters roaming the vicinity to pose with tourists for photos and skimpy money.  The shameless "Naked Cowboy" playing a acoustic guitar in the middle of Broadway appears singing.  These characters are supposedly to hid the past history of Times Square as a seedy and sketchy area and currently emit a family friendly welcoming environment.  Outdoor live animated billboards advertisement brightly lit the streets day or night.  Ahh, this is New York! Bright lights, many bodies Tall buildings Densely populated Expensive shops Broadway, Off-Broadway theaters Click, click with smartphone cameras Note:  Tourists, beware of pickpockets.
Best people watching around but only if you're willing to make a day of it. At times it can be depressing but if you wait long enough, you're going to see something that will either crack you up or drop your jaw!
Why didn't Tom Cruise film Mission Impossible 3 at Times Square? Because he wouldn't have lived through the insanity that goes on here during New Years eve and the days leading into it. If you want to involve yourself in a riot, you don't need to join the Laker's stampede when we take the NBA championship this season, nor do you need to attend a Kanye West concert. All you need to do is come here to celebrate New Years, and you will enjoy all the rioting, stampeding, commotion, and then some. Tip #1: If you want to watch the ball drop, be sure to get to Time Square in the A.M. because they barricade the streets by early P.M. Tip #2: Rooming in a nearby hotel where you have a great view of Time Square might be better than being on ground zero. Tip #3: Renting a car is a bad idea around New Years. You'll feel like you're driving in India (look for the videos on Youtube!) Tip #4: Yelp the places in Manhattan that you want to check out Tip #5: Be sure plan your route (brail.org/transit/nyc.ht…) There are tons of tips I can give you, but that should give you a good head start. = D Times square is like a professional version of Vegas with the bright lights, and hundreds of tourist hot spots around the area. Moreover, this place is FULL of HISTORY! Final note: you'll meet a lot of successful professionals everywhere you go... on the streets, in the bars, on the subway, in restaurants, etc.
Nationwide stores & common fast food restaurants in glamorized decor, huge obnoxious billboards, and tourists everywhere?  No thank you.
this is one of the busiest places i have ever been (apart from the Selfridges january sale in London :D). as other reviewers have already said, it is definately the place to go in the evening as all the lights make the place come alive! most of the shops and restaurants in Times Square and open really late so its certainly the place to go after a hard days sightseeing
I go here because people who visit from out of town want to go here. I go here because if I want to see a show, I kind of have to go here. I don't get what the big deal is about Times Square.  Yes, the lights are bright and yes, the signs are big, but who the hell cares??? You can have your TGI Fridays and Olive Garden and other chain restaurants you can find everywhere else. You can have your over priced souvenirs and over priced water from street vendors. Basically, I hate Times Square. I find it interesting that all the people who live in NYC seem to hate Times Square and are giving it 1-2 stars and people who don't have to live within 20 miles of it think it's awesome. Maybe when I don't live in NYC anymore I will think it's cool, but probably not, because there are a lot of truly cool things in this city and Times Square is not one of them. On the bright side though, all the tourists flock here and it leaves other things less crowded so yay for that!
I have been to New York City many times and I've noticed Times Square has gotten worse as a tourist trap. We were just walking through and had people in costumes following us around trying to get us to take a picture with them. They were actually coming up to us and touching us, which was very uncomfortable. We took a pic to get them to go away but then they followed us around and tapped us on the shoulder and held a sign that said please tip. It was really invasive and unsettling. I recommend avoiding those characters as best you can. I get the tourist appeal, but be careful. Go a few blocks away to eat, it's much better.
not many other spots in the world like it... remember... you can negotiate on the hot sausage prices!
I'm from New York. Manhattan, specifically. If you didn't know, it's a local tradition to hate Times Square. The tourists, the crowds, the traffic- everything the city embodies, concentrated in a 3 block strip. But, you know what? I find T2 comforting for all of these reasons. My favorite time to go is at night, where you can walk freely in the pedestrian areas, or take a seat on the steps. It's a great place to grab a coffee and people watch. C'mon fellow New Yorkers...let's not ruin this experience for other people. Just appreciate what it is and deal with it.
A great time to get pics is 3am. I was one of only about a dozen people up and about.
I love Times Square.  I never feel as alive as when I'm walking through Times Square, avoiding the fanny-packed tourists, the screetchy teeny-boppers, and the offers of half-priced comedy show tickets.  i love the lights, I love the music - oh wait, wrong song.  But I do love the lights, the pulse, the activity, the hustle and bustle - I love New York, New York!
The heart of Manhattan. Everyone on the planet knows Times Square, and they want to visit it while here apparently... The place has really gotten seedier in my opinion since they got rid of the peep shows and hobos.  Now, they have corporate sanctioned crime in the form of a zillion stores and souvenir things to encourage you to part with your hard earned dinero. We walked over from 34th and all I can say is I'm glad I'm not prone to seizures since all that blinking neon can get you dizzy. My guests enjoyed it though, so it was worth the time to go over.  I always look for the positive in a place and with times Square it is this:  a great place to people watch. Tourists from every corner of the planet milling about and a zillion languages being spoken.  Sweet. Aside from that, nothing really redeeming there...
I give it a three. Times Square area is not that bad: Sometimes I say I hate it, sometimes I say I can barely stand it. It is just different now that from when I was a kid and stuff obviously. I honestly can't recall my parents even letting me go  to TS in the late 80's, maybe I saw some of that porn and filth but I honestly can't recall. You have You know Dave and Buster's, Dallas BBQ's, and recently closed ESPN ZONE catching everyone's attention in the area. Sure there are alot of tourists, but hey If I was a tourist from Iowa, I would love to be in this area too. none of that stuff is in their homestate, you know a super Huge Toys R US with the Ferris Wheel, Broadway Plays, Rockefeller Center with all the fixings like Today's Show in the mornings. -I tell you what as bad as I thought Times Square was last time I went to Vegas the tourists acted even more brain dead on the strip. They stopped to ogle at every damn thing around. Oh yeah I do miss BarCODE and Virgin Megastore, I used to love to just duck in the store just to kill time  if it was raining or snowing or something, play the XBOX games and mostly not Purchase anything. -Shout out to the Gigantic Olive Garden over here too and Pearls Chinese Food.
heart of america, what can be better
My favorite place in New York! I came here with a bunch of other 8th graders for an East Coast discovery trip.  We also visited other places: Philadelphia, Washington D.C., and Gettysburg.   I liked coming here during the night time especially because the whole place lights up like BAM. M&M World is fun, and so is the Hershey Store.  Pretty much going into any of the stores is a good choice.  Make sure to purchase an 'I Heart NY' shirt here.   If I come back to NY, I definitely want to come here again.
What can I say about Times Square?? I been to NYC a couple of time before moving here last December but I NEVER NEVER NEVER wanted to go near time square, not for the NYE count down, not for anything until yesterday when I happen to do the "tourist thingy" and finally saw and experience Times Square. Yes there tons of tourist and it is always pack no matter what hr's it is. Everything is very commericalize and everything is completely overpriced. Don't even mention all of the crappy food that the local street vender and food corporation trying to sell you. It was a complete out of control feeling but somehow I kind of enjoy it. I didn't mind the tourists but the energy was thriving!!! I had a awesome time and maybe I will come back again. I can't wait to catch a Broadway show soon. What a great feeling!!!
I'm not a tourist, but I can appreciate Times Square as if I am. It's pretty and bright and has many stores that I like. If you're here to see a Broadway show, then it's great to walk around a bit till it starts. The restaurants are ALL tourist traps. It's great for people watching. However, the comedy show people sort of annoy me and I know it's their job, but sometimes they really get on your nerves. However, I still love coming here and I don't care that I've lived in NYC all my life. I can appreciate it as long as I am living here.
I work very close to Times Square. Inspite it being touristy and always bustling with people I still adore and love Times Square. There is so much to do here. Since it is the heart of all the broadway activity, there are always great shows in the theatre district. To me Times Square is of the greatest attractions which brings millions of tourists to NYC every year. The best spot the view of the times square are the stairs located opposite to McDonalds. It gives a proper view of the square with all the bright lights in background. I would alwyas suggest taking the subway here because driving and parking the car here is a big hassel.
We tried to stop by everyday during our stay in New York.  So much life.  So, so much energy.  During the day or night.  Fun area. Also note that the fun "characters" you see that are dressed up work from tips.  They are not there for free.  Just be aware. Discount tickets for plays is right there.  Check it out. Come at least one night so you can feel the energy.  Like no where else.
The lights and ambience here cannot be beat.  Although I am from NYC, I still enjoy walking around TS like a tourist.  I do it maybe 2-3 times a year.
Times Square is as awesome as I expected it to be! Plenty of lights, action and people for you to admire and wonder about! Loved seeing all the food vendors around the area, all the wonderful stores and all the eccentric people!
Tourists walking slowly and stopping in the middle of a busy sidewalk to take a picture of a frickin billboard?!  This is perhaps the most frustrating place I've ever been.  No one seems to be in a hurry to get anywhere.  I feel for the people who actually work in the area.  I go for leisure and I end up angry and frustrated.
Ok not to dampen everyones idea but I hate times square, go there just to see it .. cause its obnoxious and decadent. True craphole america at its best with disney and chain restaurants. I lived in NYC awhile back and the locals avoid it like the plague. I wont knock its shock appeal. To truly see new york hit the train down to astor place or south broadway, or better yet get off the train at astor/ stmarks place. Just walk down broadway thru china town to south broadway soho area..
Should you see it if you've never been to NYC? Yes. Should you see it if you've never been to NYC and it's Christmastime? Hell to the naw! Times Square may not tell you everything about NYC, but it's a glowing piece of it all the same. Worth checking out once, taking your photo with the billboards in the background, perhaps finding the naked cowboy... that's about it. Well, or locating Broadway shows in the area, but really that's all it's good for. Even in the off-season it's busy and crowded. You'll be shoved around more than you wish, and the restaurants right around the area are your basic chains you'd find anywhere else. I'm not a chain hater by any means, but if I'm visiting another city, I want local flavor, not a dish I can get back home! If you're here for Christmas, SKIP IT. People shove you around more than a death metal mosh pit, and you're more likely to die from the stampede of other tourists. Actually, make that don't come here through New Year's. I get the feeling this part of town is the bane of every New Yorker's existence. I'm not even from NYC and hell, I know it's a huge thorn in my side!
I work nearby and I dislike it. I try to tell myself, maybe I need to give this place a chance. I went there on my spare time today and hated it even more. Had to come back to Yelp to take a star off. Unless you're going to a Broadway show, there's no other reason to step foot near here...not for leisure. Again, nothing here you can't find ANYWHERE else in the country. This has to be the absolute lamest thing about NYC. NYC is great, but this place, NO! The surrounding neighborhoods have treasures, nothing here. NOTHING! Blah!
its worth going to get a photo but if short of time give it a miss
Daniel Reviews With a Haiku #6 Like eternal day Lights so bright they burn my eyes OMG! I'm blind!
I am still debating how many stars to give so let me settle in the middle. 2.5 stars. The first time I saw Time Square moving from out of town, me and my brother drove the same block for a couple of hr looking for it, to finally realize that the whole area was the square or that electric news line running around the middle building. (We did that for Boston Havard Square too - lala)  Love at night but hate during the day. except screaming out city that never sleeps, business around there are too touristy, ripping off,  commercial and jammed.
tourist junk. crowded and not very nice. locals never go there. I guess its an icon, so maybe walk through on the way to theater district (and look out for the naked cowboy, some joker guy wearing speedos and strumming a guitar) definitely a disappointment compared to the mythology.
AS GOOD AS IT GETS.... I totally understand why New Yorkers are upset and give this place low reviews but Time Square is a tourist attraction!  If you are there, you are there to watch musicals, eat, or view the sights.  As a "New Yorker", why the heck would you go here unless you are showing other people this place!  It makes me laugh to read the reviews of New Yorkers saying, "it's a tourist trap" or "why is it so packed?"  Hmmm...let me think?  If something like Time Square can bring people to spend more money in your city, I would see it as a good thing!  It means more people can work and can support their families.  Especially in these tough times but I guess bashing a tourist attraction is the "New York" mentality!  HA HA!  You should feel proud that people want to visit your city!  Be proud about it rather then trash the place! Enough of my venting over the comments of New Yorkers! Back on task- TIME SQUARE!  It's something you have to do right when you get to Manhattan!  Go at night, that is the best time!  Plus the mayor has closed off some of the streets so you can totally grab a lounge chair and sit there right in the center of Time Square!  It's overwhelming but it's such an iconic spot!  You also for sure need to catch a show here and you never know who you are going to sit next to.  I saw West Side Story and boom right next to me was Teri Hatcher from Desperate Housewives!  Also, while walking towards the David Letterman theater, Bruno aka Sascha Baron Cohen came running out!  Only in Time Square!
Very iconic, and busy all the time - even at 3 AM. Fun to people watch from Time Square. Lots of restaurants (mainly chains), but still, this is a have to visit place in NYC. Combine it with a trip to see a play in Shubert Alley.
There is no where else like it in the world. Times Square is a mass of bright lights, manic traffic and bustling tourists. If you can afford to stay here then be prepared for lots of noise but you will be central for pretty much everything. There are lots of theatres, restaurants and shops close by and most of the organised trips leave from here.
This is not the Times Square in which I learned a thing or two about the world, not so many years ago.  This is Dick Sargent to the real Times Square's Dick York.  It has been shaven down, bathed, given clean clothes, and medicated into a stupor, like that homeless guy they needed as a witness on Hill Street Blues that one time. It is, however, a fun place to bike through in the middle of the night.  But with HoJo's gone, there's no reason to stop.
I try to avoid Times Square as much as possible but unfortunately I work near there. It's an amazing spetacle for the first time visitors but it loses its appeal quickly when you run into the crowds traversing the streets daily.  Always crowded with rude disoriented tourists and is a big hang out for ghetto fabulous people.  Save yourself some stress and avoid this area as much as possible, but the periodic broadway play is ok.
You simply have to visit Times Square if you are in NY. It is great during the day but at nighttime it really comes alive and suddenly you are reminded of all the films you've seen that feature Times Square. Enjoy!
DO NOT buy cigarettes on the streets here!!!  Haha I bought ones yesterday, the most expensive cigarettes in my entire life....... $15 a pack. & I seriously thought DC was crazy expensive. ..... well o don't think that anymore.
I liked it better when it was sleazy. Cheap porn stores, movie theaters playing all sorts of cinema nastiest, etc. Fun sleazy. But as you know, crack is one helluva drug and just ruined everything. It wasn't a fun kind of sleazy. No. It became a dangerous kind of sleazy. As in don't want around Port Authority with a brand new Walkman at 12am. Walkmans...remember those? Thank you Crack. You came and f**ked everything up. Which made it easier for Disney to swoop in and whitewash everything. I can understand though, it was time for a change. Times Square has always been a tourist trap anyway. Although, I certainly didn't appreciate being approached by a total psycho stranger, who was aggressively grabbing his crotch and threatened to anally rape me. This happened one time at Port Authority, after coming home from a David Bowie/Meadowlands concert, circa '80's. Yeah, that was fun. Not. You know, even after Times Square was supposedly "cleaned-up," some horrific crap still went down. Does anyone remember that huge arcade that was above the subway back in the late '90s? This was when the clean-ups were underway, and the tourists were coming in more frequently. I was with someone who suggested we try this place. I wasn't too impressed. I decided to use the bathroom. In the stall next to me was not one pair of feet, but two pairs. As in a man and a woman. I heard some male grunting, as if there was something sexual going on. I was like "WTF!?!" Then suddenly I heard an "oh shit!" and there was the sound of stall doors slamming open and feet running. Causionally, I peeked around the corner of my bathroom stall. There I saw a naked female trembling. She had been raped. Once she saw me, she started screaming. The police were called in. I gave the cops descriptions of what I heard. Since I didn't really see anything, there wasn't much I could do. I overheard someone else say the rapist had a gun. Which made me realize something. What if he realized I was in the bathroom stall next door? He could've pulled a gun on me as well. Don't want to think of what else he could've done. My heart dropped for this poor lady. I felt so bad, I wish there was something I could've done. I felt horrible. I wanted to go home. Never went back to that place again. A few months later, that arcade went out of business. So much for the clean-up of NYC. If you want to get away from the tourists, there are some decent places starting from 7th, 8th, and 9th Avenues. Non-chain restaurants, local neighborhood dive bars, and what's left of that old school New York flavor. To this day though, I never walk around that area late night by myself.
One of NYC's most famed locations. A must visit for any tourist. Go in the evening so you can take in the neon lights in their splendor. The surrounding area is mostly surrounded by tourist traps, so don't stop in any of those spots (excluding the theater) if you are trying to experience New York. Be prepared to be overwhelmed by the hustle and bustle of the spot being a crossroads - locals hate it for this very reason and generally try to avoid it. Get in, get your pictures and then retreat from this amazing site to another part of town.
Times Square is a great place when you are a tourist! Its like Vegas or Disneyland, but in much much bigger and greater! Since they closed the streets to make it only for pedestrians, its a lovely experience than walking, sitting at the terrace in the midst of this extravaganza of gigantic advertisement boards. Day and night must be experienced.
My first trip to NYC and I wanted to check out times square while I wait for the rest of my friends to arrive.  I was really thirsty and thought I can get a $1 any size drink from McDonalds here, but that shit was $2.60. This place is packed full of people and interesting characters. If you do not like crowds do not come here.  They had construction going on too when we were there so it made it more crowded!   You can buy more affordable souvenirs elsewhere in Chinatown/Little Italy so don't spend too much here.
Times Square reminds me of Las Vegas Blvd. with all the flashing lights. A must see for a tourist. Cars here are a nightmare..go on foot.  Take a stroll, take a photo with Minnie/Mickey Mouse, people watch or watch a Broadway show.
Tourist stop galore! Lights, people, stores. Dizzying. Stopped here once during our trip and it was enough.
its times square lol, how can you hate shopping and seeing a food joint in almost every corner? the only thing wrong, is of course the GINORMOUS amount of people there, but otherwise, this place is just incredible
Who would not give Time Square 5 Stars??? There was a Swap Meet like setup the day I was there. Lots of trinkets, purses, clothing and good street foods. It was nice.
Times Square has always been a reflection of what's happening in the rest of the city... magnified 100,000,000,000 times. Either you appreciate it for the garish spectacle it is, or you hate it. Some New Yorkers complain about large crowds of gawking tourists who make it impossible to walk on the sidewalks. The rest of the New Yorkers (the ones with more than a brain stem in their cranium) have figured out the secret to walking through Times Square quickly. It's called walking on the street. You should try it some time. If your eyes and ears function normally, and you know what a car looks like, you should be able to do it without getting yourself killed.   It is also fashionable for New Yorkers to lament the loss of the seedy Times Square of the 70s/80s. Apparently, they miss their favorite pastimes such as: getting mugged, stepping over homeless people, pretending not to see the pimp beating up the teenage prostitute, and wiping semen off their personal belongings (how did THAT get there!?). Fortunately for these people, there are still a few solitary remnants of the old days- places like Bare Elegance on 50th- a topless bar so seedy and evil that Satan would say an Act of Contrition after leaving. Times Square: enjoy it or hate it. If you havent been there yet, go there (at night), and decide for yourself.
Worth checking out for sure!
a little overrated. couldnt work out what they mean by square. nice coloured lights everywhere. annoying that everyone wants your money for some type of show. be cautious of people selling cd's on the street, they will rip you off and not care.
I love Times Square.  The people, the action, etc.  It's the most exciting place in the country.
After (allegedly) sinking to a seedy and lackluster low two or three decades ago, Times Square has now (allegedly) reclaimed its royal glow. My first visit to this magical land was when my friend Kris and I cut school to come in and buy "fake ID's" back in the day. Gay clubs, straight clubs, hookers, peep shows, it had it all for those who were interested. Even if you weren't, it was a fascinating place to people-watch. But it was never the same after Miss Saigon. Thanks to the tough-love of General Giuliani and the folks who brought you "Law & Order", Disney-fied Times Square is (ahem) 'safer than it's been in years' with chain restaurants in place of a block of porn theaters and you can even join the armed forces if you have a few minutes. You may not be able to smell as much urine as in those days gone by, but in the process, the neighborhood has lost any charm it once had. Any tourist dumb enough to be staring up at the tall buildings and hoping to meet that nice Al Roker fellow --is still likely to be missing their iPod and wallet when they get back to the hotel. Don't know if that naked cowboy guy is still around, but he's about as close as you get to street entertainment these days unless you count staring at these clueless visitors who stand in the middle of the sidewalk or street as if they've just had a mild stroke.
This is the place common sense forgot.  Of course its perfectly ok to stop in the middle of the street to take a picture of a garbage can.  I guess what I'm trying to say is, watch out for tourists.  Also, the vendors jack up the prices here, so don't buy anything.  And stop gawking!
Wow, I'm surprised the average rating is only 2 1/2 stars. I cannot get enough of this place when I come here! Especially during the nighttime, all the lights are neon and bright and the energy is incredible. There are so many places to shop at it's unreal. For me, it's like being a kid in a candy store. I can't decide what to do or see first. Last time I was here, I didn't get that many pictures, but when I visit my beloved New York City this year, Times Square will be the first destination to visit, and the one to occupy most of my camera's memory.
The epicenter of the world, the heart of the Big Apple!!! As a native New Yorker, I'm always marveled by the "bright lights, big city". As a native New Yorker, I'm also annoyed by the traffic jams, slow tourists, and obnoxious street characters/hecklers, but it's all part of its charm. There's just nothing like it!
I am not from NY and therefore allowed to give Times Square five stars. (The first time is always life-changing, correct? 1-star local yelpers have just turned apathetic to bright lights and cheap thrills.) Once, again [insert Jay-Z & Alicia Keys lyrics here]. Damn right, I felt  brand new and inspired while standing on the tacky red stairs!
Agree with Phil.  Too many people, too many tourists, not a great place to hang out.  Carmines is in the area, and I like the place.  What I like is that heck, it belongs to NYC, it is where everyone goes as a tourist, so we should be proud of the area being from NY!
only tourists here....but what a feeling......
Why I like Times Square: it never gets old, best people watching circus, so many shops around, endless restaurants/ street food, street sellers selling away stuff, palm reading, face drawings, picture taking, video making, face timing to people who have never been, billboards, lights, traffic, taxis everywhere. Basically: if you like craziness and commotion, this is the first place to go. I usually hate busy places but sometimes you need the crazy places to be. And this is one of them: seriously it never gets old. I have been to NY at least 10-15 times and I always want to visit Times Square no matter how short or long my visit.   This is what New York is about: walking and walking fast. Love it!
Oh, tourists... I try to avoid this area at all costs. I make an exception when non-residents are visiting and want the Times Square experience. Among the downsides: - Insane, slow-moving tourist traffic. This is made worse by the groups of 20+ people walking together. - Men on the sidewalk trying to sell you things. Comedy show tickets, tour bus rides, fake handbags, knockoff perfume, and so on. - Awful, overpriced chain restaurants. If you want to experience NYC's famous culinary options, take a BIG step away from Times Square. - The tacky souvenir shops. Do your homework and find a store that will actually sell you a memorable, non-cheesy NYC item. - Again, the crowds. The noise. It's a claustrophobic's nightmare. What you SHOULD see: - The Toys R' Us. It's enormous and contains a ferris wheel ride, giant Lego sculptures, and a life-size Barbie dream house, among other wonders - The light-up stairs. BUT go there around 3 - 5 AM so you don't have to literally fight someone for a sitting spot. - Rockefeller Center. It's a short walk away and a more classy tourist option.
I can't say I was as overwhelmed as people always say you will be. Yes, there were lots of lights, but my mind didn't feel like it was going to explode from overstimulation. If anything, I was more taken aback by the number of people. But then again, you're in New York City. Next time, I'll remember to bring lots of $1 bills so I can take pictures with superheroes and the naked cowboy.
Such a magic place So many people, so many lights ! This place is really worthseeing, both outside or inside the different shops ! The heart of NYC !
I made it to Times Square and didn't even know it, but once I started walking around seeing different people (the naked Cowboy for instance) and popping into this place or that, it was like I'd been here all my life.  It's a bit overwhelming because there is so much to take in, so I opted to grab a seat at a window in a coffee shop and just watch people go by.  That was more entertaining than anything else. It's the thing to do if you're a first-timer or an any-timer. I won't be returning for New Year's but this was good enough for me.
Blergh. Why can't you be grimey the way you were in my youth before Guilliani sent all the hookers and drug dealers away on a barge destined for the dumps in Fresh Kills?
During our trip to New York this past Christmas/New Year's, I cannot ever forget how truly spectacular Times Square was, especially on the night of December 31st, 2011 - January 1, 2012. It was an epic New Year's celebration I was very glad to be a part of. We will only do this whole "See the ball drop" thing once and no more, though. At least I can say that one time meant a lot and is a memory forever.
One of the most exciting places I have ever been. Fell in love with the place. So much to do. Planet Hollywood was ace. Kids were bored going around Manhatten but as soon as we turned into Times Square it was a whole different story. Toys R Us are great. They loved the big wheel. And everywhere, considering it was heart of Manhatten, was reasonably price. Love the street vendors too!
As a resident of this area (yes I actually live here, a few steps away from the TKTS booth) - the best metaphor I can think of how is this place reminds me of a nice flower bed covered in dog shit. Let's get the shitty stuff out of the way. 1. This place is fucking crowded.  What do you expect when every tourist from around the world feels the need to come here and take the obligatory picture to say "HEY I'M IN NEW YORK!!".  This is one of the iconic spots to take a snapshot, along with the Statue of Liberty, Brooklyn Bridge and the Empire State Building in NYC.  But that also means this place is so damn crowded, you literally can feel the ballsweat of the guy next to you from all walks of life. 2. Aside from the tourist appeal of this place, there's actually not much to do here if you're looking for something uniquely NYC.  All the shops are owned by giant conglomerates that can afford the sky high bullshit rent, and unless you're here to catch a Broadway show or you're dying to see something stupid like the wax museum (which is in like 50 other cities) - you're not going to find anything unique here.  The exception to that is the Discovery Times museum which features some cool exhibits from time to time. 3. The traffic is beyond obnoxious.  From asshole pedestrians that jaywalk at will, to the teeming heaps of stupid tourist buses, shitty double parkers, hotel traffic, taxis, bikes, etc - driving here is the definition of insane (living here is as well, but that's my own fault) - and the price of parking here is unreal.  Don't even think about driving here during rush hour, or near the beginning or end of theater hours (7-8, 10-11pm). 4.  The person who's dressed like Elmo, Sponge Bob, Iron Man etc is trying to make an honest living.  But face it, these guys are annoying as shit and need to be clubbed with a giant mallet.  Their incessant need to push tourists for tips is irritating, and the fact they block the streets and piss off the locals who are trying to get from point a to point b is beyond annoying. 5.  Food in this area sucks.  If you're willing to walk a little further you'll have better luck in Hell's Kitchen. BUT .... Times Square is also (albeit annoying) a beautiful reminder of why we love NYC.  It's crowded, full of lights, often teeming with energy and a diverse melting pot  where the world's tourists and locals often gather for whatever reason.  Whenever I walk out of my place and put all the above annoyances aside, I do often look back and think to myself how much I love living in this city (before I get pissed off again at Hello Kitty blocking my way and I feel like jump kicking her to the curb). If you're a tourist and you've never been here before - drop by. If you're a tourist and you've already been here, chances are you'll be back. If you're a local and you have to be here .. you know what you're getting. And if you're someone just likes to soak in the crazy energy of the city, just stand on the intersection of Bway and 7th ave and look around for awhile.  It will all make sense after awhile.
Not quite as awful as London's Piccadilly Circus, but close. Shiny things go blinky, corporate advertising goes shrieky, tourists go gawky, Cheryl goes pukey. Best viewed at a safe distance, from the Empire State Building, at night, when you get a suitably eerie Blade Runner effect. Can't quite give it one star, because I do think it's an integral part of New York, albeit one we love to hate. I'd be sad if it wasn't there, I guess. But that doesn't mean I want to GO there.
Times Square is awesome, yet you'll very rarely find me (or any real New Yorker) in the area. It fills a commercial glitzy niche. It's the first thing most people think about all over the world when they think of New York City. It's not worth going during the day because the real "beauty" comes out at night when all the lights are on, it feels almost magical. The crowds of tourists, the stores, the restaurants, the billboards, the sounds. It's a pretty clean and safe area nowadays, they even have crossing guards now making sure everyone only crosses the street when it's safe to do so. If you're a fan of M&M's, Hershey's, MTV, ABC's Good Morning America, Toys R Us, Wax Museums, Naked Cowboys, or the Times Square New Years Eve Celebration this is the place to go. My two favorite things in the area is Madam Tussuad's Wax Museum and Virgil's BBQ isn't to bad either. I've had my fill of both so unless I need something at one of the specific specialty stores (which almost never happens), or want to watch the tourists like I'm at the zoo, the only time I come near Times Square is for the movie theaters on 42nd street (which luckily aren't in the heart of it all). If you're looking for authentic or reasonably priced food don't come to Times Square and don't even think about stepping foot in one of the electronic stores here. Here are the facts: -Times Square is from Broadway-7th ave & 42-47th streets but the Times Sq area expands from 6-8th ave and 40-53rd streets -Originally Longacre Square, it was renamed Times Square in 1904 when the New York Times Building moved to the square (the NY Times is no longer located in Times Sq) -Nicknamed "The crossroads of the world" -In 1913 the first road to go from one side of the country to the other (3,389miles) called the Lincoln Highway went from Lincoln Park in San Francisco to Times Square. -The desirability of Times Square declined with the great depression of the 30s and from the 60-90s was known as the epitome corruption and sin with it's huge adult industry businesses and filth (which was dramatically improved by Mayor Giuliani in the mid to late 90s). -1907 was when the first New Years Ever ball dropped in Times Sq -Annually there are about 1 million people who come to Times Sq for New Years Eve (Note: The crowd is not like Disney Land but more like the front row of a sold out concert where you can't really even move, if you'd like to secure a decent spot and deal with that plan to get to where you want to be in Times Square by about 3pm or so) -February 26, 2009 Major Bloomberg shut down Broadway from 42-27th to cars leaving the street clear for pedestrians and added tables and chairs (he also closed down Broadway from 33rd-35th street by Herald Square).
what a fantastic place! always something to do no matter what the time of day! be it just a walk, which i did many times, just taking in NY!! or shopping! or a show! which sadly i have not done.
Welcome to freak show central in NYC! The epicenter of NYC or so people wanna think it is. Times Square is kinda like morning traffic, a pain in the ass but a necessary evil if you come to NYC.  A sheer wall of people moving in all directions all looking at bright lights, big screen projecting images of enormous proportions and speaking many languages. The energy is mind blowing but you must take it all in stride or you'll have a mind meltdown. When in Times Square I recommend people watching, it's always a good time. And should you have spare cash hit a play it's worth every penny.
I remember the first time I came here almost ten years ago, enjoying the lights. Yes it's a clusterfck of tourists but I love seeing the madness and people dressed up . Didn't see a naked cowboy but I did see a naked cowgirl
Unfortunately, every time a friend visits New York, I am obligated to revisit this gaudy center of bright lights and drowning foot traffic.  There are absolutely no good restaurants I can think of in this area.  This isn't the real New York City - it's just a big tourist trap.  Save your time (and money)  and avoid this madness.
Very busy and full of tourists but a must see in nyc. We drove through at night and i got some amazing photos standing through the sunroof! Look out for the naked cowboy too!
If there is a tl;dr version of New York City, Times Square is it. Comparable to the Statue of Liberty, Times Square is one of the most famous "landmarks" in New York and perhaps even the whole US. If you haven't visited Times Square at nighttime, you have not visited New York City! What exactly is on Times Square? Lots of neon light, so much neon light that birds would sing and think it would not night! Sure, it will be extremely crowded because A) It's Times Square and B) there are actually many attractions in this area. Here, you will find not only the famous Broadway theaters but also cool shops like the Disney Store and the Hershey's Chocolate World. This plaza is so bustling that I'm no longer used to how quiet Houston is now! You don't have to buy anything to experience how cool Times Square is. Just go check out the Crossroads of the World, snap a few photos, and experience what a true city plaza feels!
Times Square is a happenin' place.  I work here so I detest the copious number of statue-like tourists who take forever to photograph a building (it's not like it's moving), or those who are completely perplexed by the subway grates that line nearly every sidewalk in the city.  It wouldn't be nearly as bad or crowded if people either kept moving or stood off to the side when looking at a map or taking a picture, but it seems no matter what nationality you see here, a common trait is that they have absolutely no clue that there are actually locals who live and work here.  I'm not even taking the theater crowd into consideration here. But then again, it's Times Square.  So it gets the benefit of the doubt.
Can this place get any more crowded?  The city revently modified the streets to pedestrian walks so there are now zillions of people.  i dont understand why tourists want to come here any way.  The shopping?  The bright signs also really annoy me.  2 STARS for the cool interactive signs though.  I dig those.
This i a definate plce to visit when in New York, it is kinda like Piccadily Circus but 10x better, its great with the hustel and bustle and there are some nice places to eat and shop around although as commented there are many other things to do in New York this is the heart and this is where everything happens.
What else can you say about Times Square that hasn't already been said. The words Breathtaking, Entertaining, Wonderful, Bright, Romantic are good ways to describe Times Square. If you've never been here, make sure to put it on your bucket list right now. Keep in mind, NY is a wonderful city, don't sell yourself short and make sure to see other sites as well, there are so many... I can see some people get caught up with all the happenings of Times Square that they may forget about all that NY has to offer. Go to Times Square, enjoy the ambiance, buy a few souvenirs, see a few street shows, take lots of pictures, maybe catch a Broadway show, you are sure to enjoy it, Times Square is a special place.
This area of Manhattan is definitely the worst...a cluster hodgepodge of human sludge trudging along while real New Yorkers are trying to make their way from point A to B in a haste. Maybe if out of towners visiting Manhattan took on more of a "traveller" type mentality instead of the mundane "tourist" mentality, Times Square wouldn't be such a dispicable area. Unfortunately, Times Square will always be a cesspool of overcrowded mayheim filled with unadventerous tourists. Real New Yorkers, and those who've been living here for a long time, know better and generally avoid Times Square like it's the next great plague. At least I do.
I hate you.
Times Square is one of New York's most recognisable locations. Filled with restaurants, bars, shops, hotels and a huge amount of people, every step has something new to offer. If you're looking for quiet times and a relaxing stroll I would look elsewhere! Everyone is in a hurry! One of the more expensive areas for food and drink, but plenty of choice.
What can you say about Times Square other than "yep folks, this is America"? You've got Drunk Elmo assaulting tourists. There's the Naked Cowboy who isn't actually naked but seems like a nice guy. Every chain restaurant that's ever been is well represented. It's deafeningly loud, way overcrowded, dirty and full of hustlers and scammers and gawking tourists. Sometimes the double decker buses crash here. Ever wanted to go to a haunted house themed restaurant? It's here. Is your wardrobe short a Hard Rock Café T-shirt? They've got you covered, literally. Craving an entire store dedicated to M&M's? Who isn't? Looking to get some scalped tickets to Aladdin? They're definitely to be had - I think I was hit up like 10 times. In short, Times Square has it all - it's commercial, it's tacky, it's overpriced and it can be overwhelming. It's 'Murica. (And you're totally lying if you're a tourist and you claim you didn't at least walk through)
Four stars! Yes, it is one huge tourist trap.  Hello?  Who hasn't figured that one out yet?  But, it is a well-lit, well-maintained flashy tourist trap that is now safe to walk around.  That is huge when you compare it to the same spot 30 years ago.  So stop complaining, folks, as it is a great time to be in Times Square. The permanent TKTS building is such a huge improvement over the temporary trailers, and they did a great job designing the new triangle on which the building sits.   If you want tourist food, stay in Times Square.  If you want good food, venture off to 8th and 9th streets (west, folks) and enjoy the myriad choices slightly out of the way of the huge jumbotron's shadow. One thing though, after hearing that the tourists are essentially herded into a small area on New Year's Eve and not even allowed outside to use the restroom, I can honestly say that I have no desire to try this in my lifetime.
this was soooooo not what i expected!!! i was expecting something like picadilly circus in london; small and crowded. ohhhhhh no no no... it's fucking HUGE and there are soooo many damn people. don't get me wrong, i am easily distracted with shiny objects and bright lights... so it kinda worked for me but the mass amounts of people limiting my ability to walk anywhere is sick! went down on saturday night around 10 and i wanted to barf from all the people. went down again on monday night around 12-1.... was perfect. i was actually able to enjoy the light show without people "accidentally" groping my ass. side question: do the people who work in times square need to take xanax on a regular basis just to work?!
Very, very busy, bright lights. Lots of shopping. What more do you need to know?
The lights, sounds, and smells of New York City all wrapped up in one place. One of New Yorks top attractions. The large screen tvs are everywhere promoting everything imaginable. The TKTS is located there. That's where you get discounted off and on Broadway show tickets. There's also Good Morning America that shots it's shows there. You also have people dressed up as cartoon and other characters charging you to take pics with them. They're police present everywhere. From walking the beat to cameras at every corner. There's places to eat but most are expensive and not worth it cause this area is so touristy. They also have the New Years show here where it gets Cray Cray! Lol Its gets very crowded here especially in the summer. So many people! So many sites to see and people watched.
Okay, okay. Like a lot of people before me have mentioned, if its your first time coming to NYC, then Times Square is definitely a place you must/should visit. I personally don't care for it but I think it's something everyone must scratch off their bucket list if they come to this city for the first time. Just like if you go to Egypt, you MUST see the pyramids. Times Square, it is iconic, has history and there is always plenty of things going on. Does it make it particularly exciting? Or amazing? That's depending on you. The Good: It's hectic, vibrant, bustling, busy, alive and yes "the cross roads of the world" (many tourist spots are though, right?). You could catch a great broadway show, see plenty of street performers, take pictures of the lights (ugh, you people never seen lights before!?!). You can take a seat on those big near the TKTS, sit down on one of the closed streets and people watch (even though there's better spots to people watch). Toys'R'Us is great and the giant Ferris Wheel inside is worth checking out. Madame Tussauds and the Ripley's museum are a lot of fun as well. If you come from a small lame town and you're fat ass likes fast food, then I suggest you check out the McDonalds as its more unique from the boring place you came from. Sure, I may hate this spot but regardless of how much I dislike it, there's always something going on and if you've been hiding under a rock or trapped in a closet all your life (R.Kelly), then this place is probably the most exciting thing you've ever experienced. And I can't deny that when I take long trips into the amazing wilderness or if I take a miserable trip to much, much, much lame and inferior cities like Baltimore and Washington D.C. coming back into Port Authority and getting hit back the crazy stupidity if Times Square does make me happy to be back in NYC and seeing miserable disgusting faces. Oh, DISNEY BROUGHT IT!!!! The bad: Tourist, I'm not mad at you for taking pictures of all the lights and billboards or of the naked cowboy, break dancers,  or travelling at a snails pace because real "New Yawkahs" have mastered the art of either avoiding or maneuvering around you so its okay. What I do hate though, is that when you tourist buy lame chain food in the area when this city has so many better, international and innovative options. Or when a White boy from Dayton Ohio who loves hip-hop gets suckered into buying a piece of shit , terribly produced 10 CD from some hooligan street hustler who wants to make it into the rap game. Or when you simply sucker into any rip-off. You should know better. I must admit, its annoying when anyone, gets easily amazed by something that goes on here that I can do in my living room. The ugly: On the weekend nights, this place turns into a ghetto fest. Maybe others who live here don't realize it, but for ghetto people in NYC who don't leave their area much, this is a resort for them. So late nights, you can see them over here, acting a fool, acting like they've never seen break dancers, bright lights and a Star Bucks. Its also annoying when groups of tourist flock together wearing "I heart NY" shirts or the statue of Liberty foam crowns. Stop, just stop.  Also, the New Years Eve ball drop is probably one of the MOST overrated events in the history of spectacular events in the world. Unless you love being rounded up like cattle and holding your urine because you're afraid to leave your spot knowing that once you get out, you can't come back in, NO-NO, sorry. Not worth it. You can find other much better spots to see the ball drop. I can keep going with how much I really dislike this spot but there's no denying that it's a spot you should definitely see at least once while you're here and then just move on, cross it off your list. Return if you have to, or if there's some special event you want to see.  If you want to get a real NYC experience then just go either way west, way east, way north, way south but just get far away from this tourist trap, please.  There's much better, cooler things about Manhattan and NYC in general rather than this spot. Some may say I dislike it because I'm used to it. Well no, its just that after going to Las Vegas, the lights here in Times Square are pretty dimly lit to me, you know? Just saying. Anyway, NYC definitely, without question one of the greatest cities of the world and I would just advise you check out the real NYC.
Damnit! Steven V. stole my brain and put up the review I wanted to write! That son of......damnit! He stole my brain again!
this area is freaken insane. i could literally pick-pocket anyone and not even get caught... or i could get pick-pocketed which would suck.
Personally, i fun at first with the bright lights, crowds and street entertainment, but then gets dull real quick, especially after 4 days there.  There are a lot of chain restaurants nearby, the Hard Rock Cafe, banks, shipping centers, you name it. OVERALL: Touristy, over crowded, fun at first.
I never really liked coming here, it was too crowded. But if you're visiting I guess it's one place to check out.
I work in the area and it's always crowded with tourists, as one would expect. But, It's Times Square!! The lights are pretty and it's always open. It's a fun place to people watch.
i went to new york times square last may and absolutely loved it i didnt want to leave. all the lights and places to eat also the stores u can shop in for goodies to take home are unbelievable the best place to eat was hardrock cafe the prices was steep but so worth it .. im planning on going back again in 2012 ill be sure to check in thats for sure :)
Oh my gosh, the humanity!  This is the pulse of NYC and it's lit like a birthday candle. This isn't the place to stand still because you will be mowed over. There are tons of interesting characters, religious nuts, "adult" advertisers and city grime to be found here.
I would like Times Square if I liked paying NYC prices for Chain Restaurants. Ooohh wow McDonalds, but in NEW YORK? It looks so fancy! Oh wait, it's the same shitty processed patty as everywhere...only without the dollar menu. I like how people "hate New York" or hate "New Yorkers" but have only ever been to Times Square. Well guess what? You're tourists that are only dealing with other tourists. Those aren't New Yorkers. So technically you only hate yourselves. Seriously people, venture out of your little shell and walk 5 blocks in any direction. You'll get much better food, and maybe you won't hate having to come here. /end rant
Always a pleasure. eateries are 24 hours, the lights are always bright. Like Jay-Z's song states," concrete jungle were dreams are made of.." I heart NY!
If your a tourist like myself why wouldn't you want to visit Times Square?! Snap a few amazing pictures, see the million dollars they spend on all the lighting, and watch all these crazy ppl like Elmo and Mickey trying to get a picture with you. Oh all they want is a picture with you and then ask you for donations(money) ha ha. I enjoyed my trip here. I sure made use of my trip to the souvenir shop. I mean what else do you do when your on vacation other than eat? Collecting and gifting items is a must. So cheap and the quality of the items were really good. Overall, my experience  visiting this famous attraction was great. Thanks New York til later.
Lights make everything better, especially at night. During the day this place is just drab looking. At night, its far better, but after a point its just too much stimuli, stimuli, stimuli... I expect there to be tourists, and don't care about that part. I was one. Most of the tourists were pretty respectful. When J & I were there the first time it was wall to wall people as I suspect it is the majority of the time at night. It was hard to maneuver around, but for the most part people were pretty decent as were the New Yorkers. Most of the New Yorkers we encountered were really cool and practically showed us how to get to a place if we didn't know. As for shopping, we really didn't care to go into the multi- level M&M store, or  many of the other mall stores that are located in any other store. The swatch store and Toys R Us were worth visiting. The rest, meh. I prefer the Columbus area. We just liked being in the mix of people, watching the breakdancers, listening to the people yammer on about ever they were talking about, selling whatever... Since the first trip, I've been back through a few times walking to my friends neighborhood. After the first time seeing it, it just becomes another place that blends in. Defintely worth visiting to see what its all about and to see what it looks like in person.
Times Square is usually the first place tourists like to go in New York City. While it's cool seeing flashy neon signs and load of people (Hearld Square and Chinatown are actually more dense with pedistrians), there is nothing "to do" in Times Square besides eat at resturants, shop, work in an office building, and go to Broadway shows. So don't expect to come to Times Square to chill and hang out. But it is an excellent place for photo opportunities.
Oh Times Square... I have been here 4 times now! I would recommend going to experience it at least once in your life, but it isn't anything special unless you are there for shopping. Times Square is literally a crowded area with lots of shopping, advertisements, and billboards. There are red steps right in the heart of Times Square... going to the top will allow you to soak in all of what Times Square has to offer at once.. so I have heard. They are always filled with people the times I have gone.. Shopping areas are open late and that's such a plus for me! Love going shopping here, but only certain stores like H&M and Forever21 ... If you are looking for Bathrooms... head to the Disney Store or Mickey D's, or some restaurant if you are sitting down and eating! But other than that... it's mostly a tourist area with a super busy vibe!
God, this is tourist central!!!!!  You'll also find that everything is overpriced.  My husband even had a pretzel vendor try selling him a pretzel for $1 more than every other pretzel vendor in the entire city (including elsewhere in Manhattan) would.  I didn't get to live here before the Disneyficiation or 9/11 but if you're a tourist or don't mind crowds, it is what it is.   There's also fun in scaring tourists & Long Islanders with your NYC ways.  We were at a crosswalk where the walk light was on, cabs were rolling through and a group was just standing there.  I charge on through w/the other locals saying "YOU have the light & you have to take your opportunities while you can get them!"   If scaring folk isn't your thing, just look for the locals & follow them if you want to get someplace this century.  They will be walking in a separate area from the mob & with a purpose. I avoid this area whenever I can but if you have people visiting from out of town who insist on going, you might as well.  Just try to talk them out of going to one of the many chain restaurants that charge far more than the same place in Long Island & perhaps even Queens or Brooklyn.  There are also some better priced local eateries nearby you may want to consider.
Fuck Times Square to death with an axe.
I'm a tourist and I love it!  Unless if its snowing/raining and you only have a light blazer on then you're bound to be pissy like I was.   First time I came here, I just wanted to get out of the rain.  I was like a wet cat ready to scratch anyone who dared block my way.   I'm telling you its so freaking hard to hail a taxi when its raining. Second time was better.  It was still cold but I was dressed more appropriately.  It was late at night; really late at night but people were everywhere!  It was so cool walking around and seeing all these people dressed up like its Halloween.  Or comic con for that matter.  You wanna see Batman?  He's right over there.  Spiderman, right next to big bird.  Have a dollar bill handy for pics, people. There were lots of cops there, too, so I guess you can say security is okay.  Definitely a must see when you're in NY.  Lots of stores in the area so you can do shopping or just looking.
Everyone must experience Times Square once.  If you are a tourist definitely stop by to take pictures of the flashing billboards, New Year's Eve Ball drop location and the Naked Cowboy.  My advice: snap your pictures quickly and move onto the next tourist attraction.  Times Square is nothing, but a huge and annoying tourist trap!!!   The restaurants are terrible chains such as Hard Rock Cafe, Bubba Gump Shrimp, and Applebees.  The shopping options are Toys R Us, M&M World and the Disney Store.  The streets are covered with bums and people selling overpriced souvenirs.  Do NOT accept any fliers, "free" tickets, or "free" cds.   If you are trying to walk to the subway or ride in a taxi fugedaboutit!!!
No trip to New York City would complete without a visit to Times Square. Yes, it is crowded, yes, some people are rude, smelly and loud. Still, Times Square is great. One tip- visit Times Square after sunset. It looks better at night.
If you are a tourist, you must hit Time Square. If you are a New Yorker, you must hit Time Square. If you are from out of town, you must hit Time Square. you get it?! Time Square is an iconic and unique place in New York City. It is magical, you may visit different occasions and always find something different and unique. It is full of fun and diversity, lots of people from the around the world, lots of different restaurants, entertainments, and things to do, to see, to taste. Time Square is like the real world wide web, where everything mixes and everything is there, right there on that tiny Square. And how come Time Square looks more like a Triangle?! can someone explain that to me?! The fun, the people the arts, the food, the entertainment, it's such an interesting place to visit, it is the one New York spot that you don't wan't to miss, because it is the Spirit of New York. If you come to NY and don't go to Times Square, is like you didn't come to NY at all. Time Square makes me feel like I am inside a real life movie. There is so much to see that it can take you a few days to cover it all. There are nice movies characters to take pictures with, and there is usually some almost naked entertainer to pose for pictures and  offer a free show as well.
I do not like Times Square. It is overwhelming. Last time I was there I saw Spiderman (!) He was charging $6 for a picture with him - proceeds to pay for his schooling as a massage therapist. Puh-lease.
It is impressive for about 5 seconds until you realize how much other people can annoy you. If you don't like crowds and need to walk through the area, just go up a different avenue and you will feel much better. Also, flash mobs are not a regular occurrence as films would like you to believe.
Times Square sucked, don't let anyone shake your hand cause they're trying to sell you a blank cd. Stupid scammers.
I get it. I get that locals find this place annoying and I get why the average rating is so low. Hula R is damn right. The locals would surely only come here with friends from out of town. As a tourist, you may not even want to spend much time here yourself. Just because you're a tourist, it doesn't mean you want to go where all other tourists go or that you love crowds. But Times Square is something you have to see when you go to New York. The lights, the buzz, the size of it... there are places to sit and take it in, and of course there are shops and restaurants nearby to soak up the atmosphere. Then after 5 or so minutes, leave and don't go back.
I only recommend visiting Times Square at 5:45 am during the day. It's quite lovely and lacking in tourists at that hour.
Ahh, Times Square. I guess they don't call it the "Crossroads of the World" for nothing! This place is teeming with people from all walks of life at all hours of the day, from the foreign tourists who came here just to take a selfie in this walkthrough advertisement to the naked (yes, nude with body paint) showgirl imitators posing with delighted-looking guys. Get through the sea of near shoulder-to-shoulder crowds, and the uniformed folks hawking tour bus rides to everyone and their mother, and you will get to see Times Square for what it really is. If you're coming here to shop, you will not be disappointed, but almost all of the stores here are glorified versions of the same chains in any self-respecting mall in the US with a price markup to match (e.g. Toys R Us, Aeropostale, AEO, Forever 21, Hershey's, etc.) If you're coming here looking for something active to do, look elsewhere - Times Square is to be *seen* to be experienced. Although, there are some museums, activities, and other attractions in the vicinity, and you can get discount Broadway show tickets here at the TKTS booth, but be prepared to wait in a long line. The best thing to do is to sit on the red steps above TKTS (or grab a little red chair), and take in the view. All said, there really isn't any other place like it in the world, and you should definitely visit at least once in your lifetime.
I mean...it's Time Square!!  This is where the ball drops every year...this is where there are impromptu concerts...this is where people stand on their political soapboxes...this is where you can see half dressed woman modelling lingerie on jumbo screens...this is where you can hear 20+ languages after walking two blocks...this is where you get bounced around like a pinball thanks to the sidewalks constantly being overcrowded...this is where you can pick-up a cheap souvenir...this is where you can stop at one of the many food carts and grab a snack... Why wouldn't I be a fan of this destination?!?  What a great place to feel the energy in New York!
Everyone should experience once in their lives
When I came here for the first time, I was a little bit disappointing because Times Square was not as big as I imagined. However, still gigantic signs are so cool! If I am going to somewhere near Times Square, I try to avoid going through there because of lot of tourists and I can walk fast. But if you have someone visiting in NY, I like going there at night. Gigantic sign look even cool at night. I had a chance to stay at the hotel in Times Square, I had a amazing view and it was like a dream! I never been to the count down of New Year's Eve because I heard it is horrible. I heard once you get in the fenced area, it is hard to go out. Once you left there for using bathroom, you can't go back there. However, I went to 49th street on 7th Ave around 9:00pm. That area was out of fence. It was amazing to see Times Square was filled with huge amount of people and their voice was echoing between buildings. I enjoyed feeling lively atmosphere. People did countdown to 9:00pm, too. Another good thing about the Times Square is that shops are open late. I went Sephora  there Sunday night. On Sunday, shops close early, but shops in Times Square open late. So it is convenient. I also went to Forever 21 and enjoyed shopping.
It is not the Times Square in the movies, that's for sure. I expected BIGGER but I blame the movies depiction of Times Square. Not to say, that it wasn't a marketers dream with advertisements galore but I expected to be wowed. The stairs are great to sit and people watch, especially the characters like the Cookie Monster, Elmo and Elvis. Prepare to dodge the crowds and grab a red bistro chair when you can and watch New York City in action.
Times Square is one of those places that everyone should see once in their lives.  ONCE.  If you're from a big city, you will find it very, very, very annoying.  I like to move fast and the majority of people here DON'T.  Sure, everyone gets a little disoriented when visiting a different city.  If that's the case, pull the eff over and figure out where you are AWAY from the flow of traffic.  Do not stop in the middle of the sidewalk.  If you do, I will run you over.
Times Square.  The iconic NYC landmark known for that ball-dropping event on New Year's Eve.   Though Times Square is easily recognizable in movies and on television, the event or occasion that its synonymous with is most likely New Year's Eve.  I admit I visited purely for nostalgic reasons, and for its popularity as a NYC tourist attraction. My first impression of Times Square was that its full of energy, and much more crowded than I expected it to be.  Yes, I did assume there would be crowds and throngs of tourists for sure, but it was still all shocking to me.  I felt I experienced some sort of sensory overload taking everything in.  There were people eating, shopping, taking photos, taking selfies, and there were others like myself (I'm sure) trying to navigate their way thru the crowd.  Others were checking out souvenirs or trying to purchase tickets for a bus tour.  It's quite an ideal place for people watching. And though the crowds may seem like a deterrent to visit, I assure you experiencing the spectacle of the lights, billboards, street performers, shops, and restaurants was worth the time and effort.  I can now cross Times Square off my NYC "to do" list.   BOTTOM LINE:  A must for any 1st time NYC visitor.  For this yelper though, once was enough.  Be wary that it's a total tourist trap.
Amazing shopping, so much to do, loads and loads of transportation. Almost everything open 24hours or really late. Such a beautiful place at night, truly i love this place and everyone should go! Then why only 2 stars? Because of all the god damn tourist, you can barely walk with out crashing into the family from Iowa who just had to have that picture of the Toys r Us big wheel! No one knows how to walk, and any New Yorker in the area are trying to get some where, but can't, this makes them pissed off at everyone. Another thing, all the vendors assume everyone there is on holiday and tries to sell you their overprice garbage! They jack up the price of everything near by, from the coffee to the pizza, to shirts that i say " i heart NY". Plus the crime is really bad there, even the pick pockets think your a tourist, you get bumped into and your ipods gone. The only place worst then Time Square is China Town, more tourist in search of knock off bags.
i gaze down stop dead as they pour out in torrents of aspiration the times square shuttle suddenly purged an empty bucket ready for the next pull up twin stairs they come gliding around me scattering in loose lines through the understory blank termite eyes slaved to time and neural paths made manifest they flow past a peripheral slurry of pret-a-porter chasing the lie that their path is their own
Times Square is the heart of the city, and maybe the heart of the universe itself! This is my favorite part of the City to stay, and there is no lack of things to do.  There is excitement on the street all the time. Understand, however, that the sidewalks can be extremely crowded in the summer and other peak times.  Especially with the construction going on down there now, walking can come to a standstill at times. But -- when in NYC -- you have to spend some time in Times Square.
oh man. this place is cool literally for like 3 seconds. Youll see it and be like "whoa!" and then be like "whoa.." My roommates and I were walking through it minding our own business when some dude told us to SHUT THE FUCK UP! however, it did make us feel like new yorkers since one of my buddies called him "son" and meant it. son.
Hey, if you can make it here....then do so!  Yea its touristy but most of my business meetings seems to be headquartered here.  Its fun watching people visiting from all over the world.  Too bad Colonial Records is gone, it was my place to buy sheetmusic.
Love/hate relationship with Times Square.  If I have to get somewhere in midtown and I have to walk through here, I don't like it because it's always so crowded and since I live very close, sometimes it's hard to avoid. If I'm playing tour guide with friends from out of town, I love it because it's so fun to see the expressions of awe and wonder on their faces. It's really overwhelming for a lot of people and I think that's part of why it's cool.   I may hate on TS but it's only because I secretly like it.
I avoid that place like the Plague. The tourist act like they never seen a damn billboard, Neon, sign, or Jumbotron Display afixed to a building  in their whole entire life not alone stand to just stand their and take pictures of it.  Along with the Text messaging fools who don't pay attention to where their going, It's enough to make you go nuts. Look why don't they have all the billboards and neonish stuff nailed to mountainous walls of the Grand Canyon and they can do all the space occupying picture taking all they want, and make it more easier for us New Yorkers to get from point A to point B a lot more easier.
Native New Yorkers know to avoid the place like the plague. It is ground zero for tourists. People take their jolly time walking around and staring at the billboards and skyscrapers. I only go there to when relatives are in town and even then I try to convince them there are better things to see than a bunch of brightly colored lights and traffic. The crossroads of the world is one big traffic nightmare for both pedestrians and motorists. The only time I find it enjoyable is at 5:30 in the morning when I can stand there without a single car and very few people but that's a story for another day.
Fun! Touristy! Bright Lights! Quirky! People dressed or undressed so you can have your picture taken with them.  Bring a few $1 bills. Not as fun and grungy as it use to be. TKTS booth!  Love to get tickets to some of the shows at the TKTS booth. If you are there no New Years Eve, Waahoo! Oh the memories!
Ummm... It's Times Square.  Does it really need a review?  NYC, giant screens, flashing lights, hot dogs, Broadway... Yep... it's pretty cool!
There's really nothing to do in Times Square but take pictures. The shopping here is very meh and the food here doesn't seem like anything unique to New York. As for huge crowds, it didn't seem that bad when I went. Take your Hiro  "YATTA" snapshots and move on. Although it does look a lot prettier at night with all the lights.
When you get here look up at the buildings and take in the atmosphere.This place is great to people watch and have fun.They say spend 15mins Times Square and you'll meet someone you know,this didn't happen for me but worth a try.
OK. If you are not a tourist, you'll need to stay away. If you are, feel free to read further... Let's go back in time... say, 25 years.... Time Square was a seedy haven for drug use, sketchy shops where the prices change depending on your haggling skills, $10 "Rolex" watches sold by trench coat wearing street people, piles of unmentionable refuse, and cops ignoring drug transactions and literally any crime where they were not the actual victim. Once, I mistakenly walked around a dark corner and was greeted by huddled groups of people sharing butane torches. Note, they were not welders... Now, Time Square is the absolute Mecca of advertising and conspicuous consumption (aka shopping). Huge billboards light the entire area shouting out new products and brands. Buy now! Consume! You must! I love it! It's like Disney World for capitalism.
Bright Lights! Broadway Billboards! Yellow Taxis! Honk Honk! People! Shopping and More Shopping! Times Square is a crazy yet fun place to visit. I hope to have more opportunity to walk around, shop, and people watch here in the future.
It's crowded - always - people are pushy, and you won't find any stores worth a damn here in Times Square. So why the five star review? Because it's freaking Times Square. There is no place in the world quite like it, and you have to visit to see it for yourself. We walked (or perhaps pushed would be more appropriate) our way through many times, as it intersects most of the streets on which the main theaters are located. You'll find a bunch of restaurants, street art, all the tourist merchandise you could ever imagine, and every Disney character and superhero you could dream of. Walk through, take the kids, and enjoy the experience. Try and do it without a stroller, if that's possible - you won't regret it.
I share the same hate-love relationship with Time Square even though I'm really a tourist in New York. Why? Goddamn too many tourists - I try to just visit it ONCE and that's enough for me. The lights at night are spectacular and it's crowded and bright pretty much 24/7. But after that, there's better experiences to be had in New York that doesn't require walking shoulder to shoulder with tourists who are walking at a snail pace or just not walking at all so they'll be able to take pictures of Time Square even though all they're going to get is grainy quality pictures due to their cheap cameras or maybe someone else's hat or maybe the floor if someone bump their elbows. Whatever else, Time Square - love you! Hate you! So unauthentic New York that's only available in New York. What an irony.
The worst New York has to offer.
I remember Times Square when it was full of strip joints and it was quite shady.  I even witnessed a purse snatching (not mine). But then it was cleaned up and that was good.  Seeing all of the big screen displays reminds me of the movie Blade Runner.  Yes, it is chocked full of tourists but that was the goal after all, right? But lately it's starting to go downhill again.  All of those people in the Spiderman, Statue of Liberty, Hello Kitty, etc. costumes are just getting ridiculous - and too damn pushy!  And with the streets all dug up for whatever plan they have in mind it is too close for comfort to get through there unless you do it VERY early in the morning.   One Minnie Mouse grabbed me by the wrist - freaking grabbed me - wanting me to take a picture with her. Hell no! Don't EVER touch me! And they recently arrested a Spiderman who got ugly because a tourist didn't pay him enough for a photo.  And there was the day that there were ladies out there wearing nothing but pasties and g-strings and body paint.  They got a lot of tourists. Please do something about all of those character hustlers.  Too many of them and they are getting pushy!  Times Square is safe and it is something you should see if you've never been but until the streets open up again and it's not so congested I suggest hit it and quit.  There is soooooooo much more to see in New York.
This is the essence of the big city! You feel the energy (if not the throngs of people brushing past you). Take in all the sights, lights, sounds: full throttle. Tourist P.O.V. simply put: Amazing! Amazing! Makes you feel like a little ant in a giant world of LEED lights and advertising.
I try to avoid it at all costs, fortunately now that I no longer live in Midtown, it's a lot easier! I remember seeing TS for the first time and being really impressed by all of the lights, but now that I live in NYC, it's just painful. Tourists are great in that they're necessary to our economy... however, being stuck behind people who not only walk at a snails pace, but stop in the middle of the sidewalk every 10 seconds to snap pictures puts me to the point where I'm openly cursing them even though I'm normally a nice person. In fact, my experiences with New Yorkers is that they're generally pretty decent people (despite the global stigma), it's dealing with annoying tourists that pushes us over the edge... especially when they feel as though they have to overcompensate and treat us like shit. I've literally been pushed into dumpsters as tacky little teen tourists have shoved past me when the rest of the sidewalk was clear. There isn't anything in Times Square that you can't find somewhere else in NYC except the obnoxious lights.
I will admit my unabashed love for Times Square. Sure it's busy, it's noisy, it's crowded, it's touristy, and it's certainly not the only thing to see and do in New York, but every time I come to New York I ended up spending more time at Times Square than I'd planned. There's always something to see here. It's a great place to people watch. If you're looking for cheap broadway tickets you can check the TKTS booth (there are other locations that aren't as busy). There's also a Times Square visitor centre that has a little timeline of the history of times square. There are plenty of theaters nearby to see a show, and also stores and restaurants (although most are chains and you're likely to have a better meal/shopping experience elsewhere). Times Square is alright during the day, but I like it the most at night. On my last two visits to New York I noticed that there are a lot more people dressed up as cartoon/comic book characters looking for a photo (didn't see that at all the first time I was in NYC 8 years ago). Waiting for a walking tour to start my friends and I saw these costume people work their game to unsuspecting tours. That's probably the weirdest thing for me, especially when you see someone taking their photo next to 4 spidermen (doesn't that kind of lose the appeal?) In any case Times Square is crowded and busy, but even though I'll tell myself I won't spend anytime there on my next trip to New York I already know that it would be a lie.
Remember the theme song to Green Acres?  Describes what's great about New York (and Times Square) and not country life.  Just saying.  With all the lit up advertisements and bright lights.  I'm already tan, but I think I got some color in from the endlessly bright lights.  I think I may even have a farmer's tan, due to the pure electric energy of Times Square. Just another spot on my list of places that needs no review.  It's one of those places that you have to go to, whether you live here or just visiting. It is iconic.  Packed with tourists and crazy crowded, but it is what it is.  I'd assume that locals will flee this area though.  Definitely a must-see when on vacation in New York. I do like that people are trying to sell things here.  Live your dream, struggling artists. And how could you not just fall in love with the commercialized culture of New York?  There's an Olive Garden, Applebees, TGIFridays, etc.  You can't find those places in the middle of suburbia.  (Sense my sarcasm.  Corporate America went to a party, got trashed, and drunkenly threw up all over Times Square.  Shamelessly). As a tacky tourist, I think my fannypack was stolen when I was looking up at the lights.  Kidding, but I did keep my purse close.  New Yorkers aren't the only ones who can steal.  Midwestern tourists in Crocs and acid-washed jeans will steal your purse in a heartbeat too.  NYC gets a bad rap sometimes. I missed out on the Naked Cowboy and his supposed entourage.  Bummer.  There's always a next time. I'd probably go again, given the chance.  There's just nothing like it.
Put on your headphones, take a deep breath, and let the Frogger game begin.
Time square is magical for the first few hours of your visit. Pretty lights, street performers, major shopping and fun new resturants to try. The shops and resturants are open really late. There's a bunch of minions and elmos trying to take pictures with you for money. Some days you'll even stumble upon buff partially naked dudes pretending to be Spartans.  Taxi drivers are especially dangerous here. They run red lights and don't care if you're walking. I even got the f bomb by one of the taxi drivers for walking too slow.
Food: 4/5 Service: 3/5 Cleanliness: 3/5 Decor & Style: 5/5 Putting jammed packed tourists, the media, & the hype aside, Times Square has a lot to offer. Most people (especially New Yorkers), always criticize Times Square. They have to remember its a tourist trapped place so they should expect what all tourist attractions are like. They need to think outside the box and realize the other things it has to offer besides the annoying tourist thing. Once again, putting the "annoying tourist" thing aside, It has pretty much everything you can think of and is one of a kind place in this WORLD. Probably in the top 3 entertainment area of the world (if not first), arts, media, you name it. So I give it an overall 5/5. If Times Square did not exist, New York and its many awesome neighborhoods (NoHo, TriBeca, MPD, etc...) may not have ever came about. I gave the food a 4 b/c the restaurants around TS aren't as authentic as other places in NY so this is not the place to be if you're looking for true New York food. Remember, it is a tourist trapped place so you should expect what it's like here: No room to walk, taking pictures for Asian couples, & people asking you for directions even though you may or may not know where anything is. New Yorkers: The tourists that you HATE, are one of the main reasons why you LOVE New York the way it is today... *b/c of the billions of $$ they pour in if you didn't get my drift ;)
I came, I saw, and I...conquered? I don't know about that, but hubby and I walked through Times Square within an hour. We were awed for a quick second after our Broadway show, steps away from all the lights. We did share a, "OMG we're in Times Square" glance but that quickly faded away. Maybe because we've experienced the Vegas lights that we were a bit, shall we say, bored. But because we are in NYC, we had to do Times Square. See the TRL window, take a picture at the island where everyone takes their "Times Square" pics and amused ourselves at the Hershey store. We weren't too eager to go into any of the many chain restaurants, M&M store or dime a dozen shops. With all that said however, this is definitely someplace that every NYC tourist should experience at least once.
I have a love/hate relationship with Times Square.   As a kid living in the City, I would gawk at all the billboards, and grasp my dad's hand extra tight for fear of losing him in the mass of humanity.  It felt like I could be sucked up by the human undertow and be lost at sea.  As an adult coming into town to guide friends around, I see the gigantic digital hyper bright signs that are more garish than ever, and the virtual United Nations of people sitting on the steps above TKTS or posing for photos with The Naked Cowboys, and wonder at the decadence of 21st Century American urban culture.  Dark Disneyland, indeed. But, there is no denying that for all its bizarreness, it draws millions of people who view it as one of the "must see" destinations of their visit to not just New York, but the United States.  Why?  Because like any circus sideshow attraction, people like to see the bearded lady, the world's strongest man, and the two-headed snake.  Times Square is that menagerie. It remains a slightly dangerous-feeling place, where you have to take leave of your normal sense of propriety and personal security, and take a short walk on the wild side. Once you realize that is what is going on, it becomes less treacherous, less debauched, and transforms into just a modern version of PT Barnum's Greatest Show on Earth. The Human Circus.
I know Times Square is touristy and tacky! But every time I visit Manhattan I just have to walk through Times Square. The energy, the buzz, the crowd, the lights all a sight to behold. Specially if you coming from somewhere when nightlife doesn't even exist... Here I am.. another trip to NYC...memories flashing back to all my previous visits to Times Square!
i went at 1130pm so i wouldn't see the crowds and was amazed for 15 seconds because this was what i'd seen on tv. and then i felt like throwing up because it was so terrible. it's like this in japan but some reason it's way cooler in japan. also, wtf is up with the surf brands having stores here? i'm confused.
Speaking of time.  Even the universes' most famous time traveler, The Doctor only has two hearts.  The Big Apple has at least a dozen and Times Square is one of them.   A few years ago when hanging around by Ground Zero an older lady that said she has never left NYC asked me "Why would you want to come here?"  She said "Go to a paawk.  Central paawk honey.   Or go to times square and look at the pretty ladies from all over the world."   I've never forgotten that.   Now the restaurants are way too heavily laden with chains.  But I eat somewhere else before coming here.   One of the tourist capitals of the world for sure.   It's cute to watch so many people walking around in awe, flashing photos like a strobe light and the global melting pot ebbing in all directions at the same time.  Good luck not running into other people and learning "oops" or "sorry" in another language you may never know.  It's all in fun and hysterical madness.   Times Square is a great place to spend some time.
Times Square seems so much smaller in real life. I was really excited to see this in person but it was just ok.  I mean, I wasn't blown away or anything.  It's nice at night but other than that. . . A thing to cross off my bucket list.
Well I gotta disagree with the negative reviews. The hustle and bustle of Times Square is electric. Yes, Tourists Galore, but hell its NYC. DUhhhh. Lots of stores to check out and theatre district at your fingertips. We enjoyed the dizzy array of people and stores. Catching a cab. Your SOL. ha. Take your time and drink it in. Then you'll be tired and need a break for din din. I still heart NYC tourist sites.
Went to Times Square for the first time during my trip to NYC. CROWDED and i mean so crowded that people were constantly bumping into each other. It was ridiculous! So much going on at the same time that it was overwhelming but I had a great time walking around and taking in the experience. Lots of characters everywhere asking people to take pictures with them like Hollywood Blvd and Vegas. Plenty of Broadway shows and lights, and again,  just tons of people with their cameras! We were lucky to catch Bob Sinclair doing a live show in front of the H&M building. He's such a great DJ and was amazing live. Lots of energy!
How many movies have been filmed in Times Square? Many! How often do you hear that there was celebrity seen walking in Times Square? Often How many times have to see crazy stuff happen while Times Square? Almost all the times. Times Square has a lot to often. There's so much to do there. Yes, it is always crowded with tourists. But there's a reason why is pack with people. These tourists know how awesome Times Square is. There are so many stores. Many events near by. Don't be intimidated by the crowd. Head to Times Square, take pictures, and enjoy a NY pretzel while sitting on the red stairs that's in the middle of Times Square.
Time square is fine if it's your first trip to NY, nothing special but nothing to ignore neither... After all it is impressive & unique, for like 30 minutes. Go for it! Especially if you're a tourist. Locals are probably used to this place & try to avoid it, the same way I try to avoid Hollywood Blvd, lol. But yeah, one Elite yelper wrote on here: "UGH! I avoid it at all costs. It's so obnoxious & annoying to deal with all of the wandering tourists". Listen you dumb ass! this is NY!!! Where the hell do you think you live in?!!! What is wrong with you, of course there tourists from all over the world, you know what tourists do? Well, beside taking photos they also finance a big portion of your city & state, less taxes for you! If you don't like it, go move upstate with the red necks!!! Shame, Yalla bye!
A spectacle.  Crowds beyond belief.  Nude women wandering around in full body paint?  (Yup, you still look pretty much naked.)  I witnessed a street fight between a cab driver and a bike rider (that after about 10 minutes of shouting, then wrestling, thankfully ended without any fatalities).  There was also a stoic man holding a sign "You must repent".  A native told me, Giuliani "cleaned up the city, so at least the street-walkers are gone",  ..."they've gone digital."
Hell on earth, but boy is it grand. Too many tourists, too many idiots standing around, too many everything, but where else can you hate on something this much and still wonder at the amazement of it all? Three stars is a bit generous, honestly, but IT'S NEW YORK, BABY.
What can I say.  It's really the center of the universe. Big flashing lights that inspire you,  folks from all corners of the world huddled into the square,  as good as it gets.  This is the place to be in NYC.
What can I say? I'm a sucker for some tourist traps and this is one of them. From always seeing this landmark on TV and wondering what it would be like to set foot there was exactly like I expected... Exciting!! From watching all the people gravitate here to roaming through the Toys r Us and M&M's store like a child, I really enjoyed Time Square. At one point I had to just stop and pull myself to the side so I could just look at all the advertisement that was on the buildings and take it all in. I would love to be here once in my life during NYE when the ball drops!
Holy cow when they say this city never sleeps, well its true! We got to Times Square around 2 am on Thursday and this place was packed!!!! So many people and tourists.  Trying to capture the whole experience of the lights from the megascreens and all the people, it was awesome. We did come back to experience it during the day as well and do a little shopping and to grab a bite to eat. This is something everyone who comes to New York needs to experience. Its beautiful!!
Good service, and tasty food. liked my Penne. Good cocktails chioices.
Can you say madhouse???? I know that nothing can say will ever describe this place. People EVERYWHERE. This place was packed with 10s of thousands of people. I'm not saying this is a bad thing but if you are not comfortable with crowds STAY AWAY. I never once felt unsafe but with so many people there, leave anything you don't need at the hotel. We had our wallets in our front pockets and nothing that could be snatched and dashed. Remember, pay attention to what is going on around you and have a GREAT TIME.
Quick & Dirty: A visual orgy of illuminating signs and lights.  I'm going to take a guess and say these are the bright lights that attract the dreamers? Long & Bright:  Holy Hell!!   I was here like 5 years ago and don't remember half of the crap that is now in Times Square.  Whole buildings are literal signs, lights are flashing, TV Screens so huge you don't even know where to look.  The electronic tickers run down into the cement and you walk on them!  I'm going to pee myself. There is soooooo much going on in Times Square that it is hard to focus on one thing at a time, and for a guy like me that's pure heaven!  Who cares about focusing, it's pure eye candy.  Great, I'm wet. Sure it's a tourist trap but guess what, I'M AN EFFEN TOURIST!  I loved it, so eat it! Times Square is amazing no matter how many times you've been to it, and I don't care if it's everyday.  It truly is a sight to behold.  There really isn't anyplace like it in the world and it seems like it is just getting bigger and bigger. You can't come to New York and NOT see Times Square! Would I go here again?  You bet.  This place is unbelievable. Should you go here?  If you've never been then add it to the list of things to do before you die. Later, Sam
New York, New York! This is what people think when they hear NYC. The bright lights and throngs of people are a sure fire way to make your jaw drop.  but don't get sucked in by the hundreds of stores offering cheap Big Apple touristy tchchkies.  This is still a grimy area of a city that offers so much more.  Don't let this be your only destination.
Been here in person after seeing this place on tv, movies and photographs was surreal. Theres so much going on all around you. It's like outdoor cinema. Theres street performers entertaining the crowd, lots of restaurants and shops. It is very crowded everytime walk past here, our hotel wasn't far and walked through Times Square almost everyday. It's very much a tourist place. Even knowing that you can't help doing touristy stuff and geeking over being there and buying souvenirs.
Sensory Overload..Reminds me of Shinjuku in Tokyo.  People everywhere.  Millions of light bulbs lit.  Noise coming from every which way...Good times. We were there for less than an hour, one evening last December.   I haven't been there since 2002 and it always fun to go back..especially since it was my and Hubbie's first time there together.   Even got a photo with Elmo - Donations were appreciated.  I was doing the tickling ;) "Got any nuts I can munch on?"  Yes, those were my exact words to a bartender at Playwright back in 2005.   This time around we got to try out nuts from a street vendor.  Roasted chestnuts, cashews and peanuts!  It was nice, especially on a cold wintery December evening. It was fun, as always.  Maybe next time we will stay longer.
Eh, Times Square gives me a headache.  I guess every city needs a tourist trap, but I really try to avoid it.  Whenever I go to the city with someone new, we stroll through and keep going.  Times Square is good at what it does, but it doesn't do it for me.
If you're from LA, you can compare this place to the intersection of Hollywood and Highland.  Tourists everywhere, congested streets.  Pedestrians everywhere, but still, beautiful views.
Most of the time I really try to avoid this place since its such a tourist spot and it's always jammed packed with people. It's a horrible place to hang out at in the summer because of the humidity and the fact that there's so many people. That being said, IT IS TIMES SQUARE and the heart of New York City so it's definitely a great place to visit at least once in your life. I like to grab a Starbucks near 5th ave and 42nd and roam around the place. Check the Toys R Us near there and just hang out. I wouldn't visit Times square more than twice a year though. It's way too packed and there's way more places to visit in NYC if you're a tourist.
It seems fitting that my ***** 300th ***** review should be about TIMES SQUARE.  It's CRAZY that I've written 300 reviews now, and that's exactly the word I think of (CRAZY) when I think of Times Square.  It's absolutely crazy........and wonderful.........and nutty............and chaotic............and a major tourist trap.  I'm fine with that.  I don't really spend much time there, but I at least have to see it at night with all the bright lights and sounds and people all over.  I don't know......you go there knowing all that......it's just part of the flavor of this great city.  Here's what I find about New York City in general.........people either love or hate this city......no in-betweens.  I LOVE it, so naturally, I'm totally in favor of all the tourist......and non-touristy things to do.  Bring it on.  For those who hate the city, you can be sure, they will TRULY HATE Times Square.  Whatever (rolling eyes).  There's a part of me, not all of me, but PART of me that (secretly) wants to do Times Square on New Year's Eve, but I knowwwwwwwwwwwww that's BEYOND CRAZY.  Physically, I'd never make it, standing all those hours upon hours upon hours with nowhere to sit.  Plus, with my daughter living there, she's told me how it REALLY is......can't go to the bathroom ANYWHERE, no real way to get food, friggen cold, etc. etc..... yet, I still wanna do it.  I live in CA and don't get out there much (boo-hoo).......so what are the chances? BTW, Brooklyn City Diner is not a bad place if one wants to eat in Times Square, but it's not like that's the only place.
best tourist spot ever and I live in LA near Hollywood and Venice beach So many people gathered just to snap photos and but something just to say they were there Staying at the W didn't hurt we were smack dab in the heart of the action
My Ratings: Quality - 3 Stars Location - 3 Stars Service - 2 Stars Speed - 4 Stars My Opinion/Story: I wonder how Times Square would look without electricity? Probably dead.  But having gone to NYC for the first time, our tour bus seems to rotate around the square quite often. They have lots of places to see, things to do, and the energy is always there.  Ads everywhere and quite a tourisy place.  There was point during my trip that I got tired of going to the square and I just wanted to see other places but I still went because it's better than being stuck in the hotel. There were alot of pushy people trying to sell to you but I did manage to get some artful souvenirs to remind me of my trip.  Lots of entertainment to see just on the streets alone.
What a crazy place Times Square is. I walked out of the subway and was sort of blown away by it all. I had only seen it on tv and in movies. You really do have to to see it to believe it. So many ads and giant LCD screens. It's a bit scary and overwhelming too. I could not imagine working here. ever.
Overcrowded with inconsiderate tourists.  You have to go there while in New York, just to say you did, but then get the H-E-double hockey sticks to a more sane place.  You can barely walk  through the area at all, definitely not without getting bumped, hit, poked, or grabbed.  A nightmare to say the least.  However at night, the lights and busy-ness is awe-inspiring.
Times Square oh Times Square, how you've changed. From a disgusting, run-down debacle in the 70s and 80's to a complete revamp by corporate entities so pure and clean (can you say MTV) that anyone would feel safe here at anytime. Well not at anytime after all this is New York. So keep your hand on your wallet and your eyes straight ahead. And the crowds are amazingly huge and dense, so you have to like rubbing against people and having people rub against you. Anyway, I love you Times Square, I visited you and you thrilled me then and thrill me today. Keep yourself up and clean, draw the masses to you. Keep the pimps and bums away. Live strong.
I didn't know I could review this place.... Bring back the hookers, cheap drugs, tattoo parlors, violence, did I say hookers? With all of New York, the idea of "cleaning up the grid" seems like a great idea on paper, it's becoming washed out. Very monotone, suburbanish, BORING! The alluring threat is what initialy drew people here... now, it's becoming a strip mall............... gasp - like Jersey!
It's world famous, has lots of tourists and is very bright at night. Times Square is what people think if when they picture nyc. There are street performers, hot dog vendors, many shops and plenty of things to do, shows to see, and people to see. It's a one if a kind place. Check it out at least once in your life :)
How can someone review one of the most recognized tourist centers in the world? If you are a tourist you love times square and think times square is New York City. There are many other sites to see in NYC! If you are a local, you hate times square because of all the tourists clogging up the sidewalk. I am a local and love times square and seem to be one of other a few people that actually like it. If you are a local and want times square to yourself, show up at 3 in the morning in the dead of winter. I promise there will be no one around. Times square is a magical place!
I hate this place.
Let's be honest, this is freaking Times Square...it's a 5 star attraction. After your first handful of times, it's more like a 3-4 star attraction. Needless to say, this place is a tourist trap like no other. If you are interested in trying out your people dodging and weaving skills, this is the place for you. If you're super tired, and want to stare into some of the largest brightest screens you can find to wake you up, Times Square has got your back! If you want to wait an hour or more for dinner....there are plenty of choices around Times Square. As someone who grew up in NY, I love Times Square, and always make sure to take people from out of town to see it. They are always in awe, and I admit I am too even after seeing it countless numbers of times. That being said, there are times I HATE the crowds, and feel as if I am in a sardine can. For that reason, I would lower this to 3-4 stars after you get that first "holy crap" visit or two out of the way.
I just hate walking through here! Every time I come to NY I get sucked into Times Square. But hey, I'm a tourist, so what do you expect!?! I'd definitely venture down there if it's my first trip for the photo ops, but after you've seen it, the crowded sidewalks really get annoying. We love the theater and therefore occasionally have to walk through here. I love the lights and the hustle and bustle of the area, but don't try to eat or shop here or you'll pay through the nose! Don't miss the TKTS booth for fantastic deals on same day theater tickets. A must!!! And great people watching too! The freaks really do come out at night :-)
It's only a place I want to pass while underground.
Times Square. Oh, Times Square. I can't for the life of me understand how a tourist could love you (unless they've never been to a city before/naturally like obnoxious crowds congregating within an incredibly dirty, schmaltzy, gaudy blinking tourist Hell). This is clearly a draw for tourists to spend money at stores they'd obviously be comfortable/familiar with. I don't understand these types of areas. Maybe this sort of thing is a draw to a majority of people (maybe if you've seen it on TV and ever wondered what it was like to be down there, I guess?) but not to me. Sorry Times Square. I'm impressed at how large you are, but large doesn't necessarily mean great and I am completely avoiding you the next time I find myself in Manhattan.
Here's the deal, Times Square is avoided by New Yorkers at.all.cost. It's full of tourists and they walk soooooooo, oh soooooooooo slooooooowlyyyyyyyyyyy. I know you're on vacation and all, but some of us are unfortunate and have an office in Times Square and sometimes have to attend at that building for meetings. This means that I have to either walk in the street or push my way through tourists. Seriously, SOME OF US HAVE SOMEWHERE TO GO, so GTFO. Thank you. This being said, I used to like Times Square, but now (years later), I found the place to be full of tourist traps. There are no good restaurants in the Times Square radius. They are all deli, pizza joints, or chain restaurants. Why tourists wait 2 hours to go to Hard Rock Café or Olive Garden when they would pay the same price for amazing food uptown or downtown is beyond me. But to all the haters who visit NYC and complain about how Times Square is the epitome of capitalism, go home. Seriously, we don't want you.
Yes, lets all admit TS is a complete tourist trap, but being from NY, i enjoy the craziness, the crowds, and the fast pace. There is so many things to do here. You have your up-scale restaurants as well as fast food chains with a twist. Plenty of shows to go too, lot's of shopping to be done, from high end merchandise to cheap I Love NY souvenirs. At night, it's all about the lights.
Meh. People are rude here on the streets and the drivers are even worse. Unless you have tons of shopping to do at places most people cannot afford, this place isn't what it's cracked up to be. Yeah, there are huge screens of advertisements everywhere, so if that's what you were expecting. Congratulations. It is a true life magazine ad. Trying to drive through here is a nightmare. I don't know which is worse, the people or the cars. People cross the street whenever they feel like it with complete disregard for the cars that need to get through. I'm glad I was only walking through this nightmare of people. I completely understand why taxis drive crazy in New York City. It's because they have to deal with all the people in the way. The good thing about time square is that you do have the option to shop and they have an abundance of different shops and restaurants. We got pizza here and we also went to the Disney store. They were pretty close together so that made things really easy. There are a lot of people who are in costume too (like ironman or Elmo) but if you try to take a picture with one of them, 3 others will jump in the picture too. So yes, you do have to tip them as well. Tricky, tricky Elmos....
Two words: tourist traffic ): that sums up my dislike for Times Square. If you're a New Yorker, you try to avoid this area at all costs. Times Square may have it all, but it's all aimed towards tourists (Applebee's, Sanrio store, Madam Tussaud's, etc). If you want to experience the "real" New York, you might want to take one of the many subway lines out of here to anywhere else.
If I could give place a zero I would. I hate coming up here for work or photo shoots for class. The slow tourists  make me want to stab a knitting needle in their eyes, plus the handouts and invasion of privacy by the "advertisers" make my ears grate.
First time visitors to New York: Five Stars Residents or repeat visitors:Two Stars From what I gather with these reviews and real life experience, this is how it breaks down. If you're from a cow town in the Midwest, Times Square is certainly the greatest place you have ever been to. If you're from a city that has more people than the state of Wyoming, you'll be yawning with boredom. And possibly very annoyed of all the crowds and stupid tourists that block the sidewalks. I have nothing against tourism; since it contributes a significant amount of money to the city. However, I will actively avoid this part of Manhattan in exchange for that. I mean, how many times can you look at giant flashing screens and visit chain stores that are available everywhere else? Times Square is just like Hollywood or Downtown Disney, or any other large upscale shopping center. I would be much more interested in visiting the Times Square of the seventies and eighties, when it was crime ridden and had XXX shops. What could be more fun than buying porn, then getting stabbed when trying to board the subway train? Or doing a re-enactment of the classic film "Death Wish"? Jokes aside, I just find Times Square boring. There are several lifetimes worth of activities and unique places to visit in New York, why would you waste your time on something you can do anywhere else?
Times square is great to visit once...as a tourist. Thats it. I friggin despise TS. There is absolutely no other practical reason to hang around unless you are unfortunate enough to work or live in the area. Downtown, uptown and Brooklyn are way more interesting.
One of the Great places to visit in New York city.   For me, Times Square is the gateway to the greatest city in the world. Yes it's super commercialized, yes it's über crowded with slack-jawed tourists and teeming with knock-off vendors, but it's one of the few places in the world that's instantly recognizable.
Ridiculously over-the-top crowded, flashy and crazy!  Times Square is a love/hate for me.  I try to avoid it at all costs, but as I get nearer to it, I'm forced to wander in and watch in wonder, amazement and bewilderment.  All the lights, masses of people and silly goings-on - it's awesome!  People watching is the best...find a spot to get comfortable and watch others taking photos and soaking up the brights lights.  Times Square is what it is...a giant tourist attraction. I gotta give it 5 stars...it's freakin' Times Square!
Such an awesome spot in NYC.... I went there in summer 06.  Even though there were rain almost everyday, I still had a good time on my frist trip to NY. I didn't expect anything from TS but it looked so cool when I standed at the middle of TS.......TS is always busy and never sleeping. My recommendation is to go there for just 10-15mins taking some photos and go some other places...hey it's new york ... there're a lot more to do!
Too crowded, too many bright lights and tall buildings.
Times Square for me is the most overrated tourist attraction in NYC!!  Seriously what's so exciting about lots of billboards and wall to wall people.  Or what's so exciting about tacky souvenir shops selling "I love NY" t-shirts and what other gawdy crap you could ever think of junking up your house!  Also the place is filled with restaurants that sell overpriced food!  The place is a Marketer's dream because herds of people walk through like cattle to see 7th and Broadway cross!  Enjoy it if this is how you get your kicks in life!  It's NYC traffic at it's finest!   Okay.... I get the fact that at the stroke of midnight on December 31st it's one of the main places globally that NYE is celebrated.  Have your party New York, I'll watch it on TV!
No one with any integrity; conscience; soul; taste; discrimination; judgment; perspicacity; forethought; acumen; compassion; humanity; manners; heart; or morals would ever willingly attend this place. In short; its strictly for tourists. My recommendation for improving it? "...the matador! the matador!"
I'm definitely a fan of Times Square to visit, but I'm sure it's probably the worst place to live next to. It combines the glitz and glam of Las Vegas with the convenience of Third Street Promenade Santa Monica with the accessibility that only the east coast can provide. It was great seeing one of the most outstanding landmarks in the city, no matter what time of day or night.
Are you one of those people that takes a 5-day group organized vacation to Europe with stops in Dublin, Edinburgh, London, Munich, Venice, Rome and Madrid? Would you fly into Las Vegas for a 24-hour getaway to see Celine Dion and then Donny and Marie Osmond in concert catching the lunch buffet at Hooters in between? Does your idea of a romantic Italian meal out with the significant other include a stop at Olive Garden? Then you'll love Times Square. Welcome to the Branson, Missouri of New York City. Filthy, crowded, over-run with larger than life Disney, Nike and United Colors of Benetton flashing neon building ads, creepy NYC tour operators ("see the ENTIRE city in 30 minutes!"), beggars, pencil-sketch portrait artists, phony hipsters, hucksters, pickpockets, an occasional terrorist casing the joint. Getting the picture? It's a man-made concrete and asphalt Grand Canyon of flashing neon dreamed up as something worth seeing. Exactly what is it here other than an homage to advertising and overpriced retail? It's the most disgusting part of the city and the only thing that'll get me to walk through it is if a Broadway show I'm seeing is on the other side of it. Please. Such a great city, but such a sad part of it, this.
I loved Times Square back in the 80's.  It was dirty, filthy, drug addicts yet it had so much character.  The movie theaters, the record stores, the headshops and all the porn a kid could absorb.   Somehow this all changed and new look was placed during the  early 90's.  All the "filth" was replaced with family friendly images and store fronts.  The drug addicts were pushed further into Hell's Kitchen.   Talk about losing character.   I miss the o' Times Square.
I'm giving this place 5 Stars. It's Times Square, the center of the damn universe. I used to go here every other day when I first moved here. Then gradually I got tired of it. All the tourists, tour buses and all those damn flashing lights. Locals know what i'm talking about. You avoid Times Square, but when you have a friend or relative visiting NYC for the first time you have to take them there. That's the only time I really go there is to show someone around. If not, I totally avoid this place in general and hit up another square..... Union Square!
The first time I went to Time Square, I felt like a male version of Alice in digital wonderland. So much colorful lights/digital billboards all around. It feels like a celebration every time I go there. Costumed characters, Bright Red pavilion in the middle of the traffic. You can find wonderful food in the best-in-class restaurants in the area and there is "Hard Rock Cafe". Parking is EXPENSIVE in the area.  If you are coming from Grand Central station there is Free shuttle "Train S" available which will drop you here in 2-3 minutes. Cheers, Wilkie
- I try to avoid this place as much as physically possible - I can literally feel the tourist from a 10 block radius of the area, the thought alone gives me hives - HOWEVER, I do have to admit that from the hours of 4-6am (during the summer) it's actually pretty endearing. Temperatures in the 70s, with the sun rising over the city, and no one on the streets; it offers a sense of vulnerability.
A visit to NYC can't be completed without going to Times Square. The city that never sleeps. Lights here are always on no matter the time. It is probably brighter than Vegas. The place is always crowded and people are taking pictures of everything and anything. There are street performers and artists everywhere. Good restaurants and shops are all over the place too. Restaurants are probably overpriced though. Some of the cools shops are the Toys R' Us with the ferris wheel inside, the Hershey's and M&M store among others. I've never watched a Broadway show but one day I will because of all the hype.
Looking through a tourist's POV, I can understand why they would love it -- lights everywhere, tall a$$ buildings, street entertainment, chain restaurants, and everything else that we residents do NOT come to Times Square for. Now as a resident, it is an absolute horror. As a "real" New Yorker, I have mastered the art of walking fast and swiftly zipping through foot traffic without bumping into anyone. HOWEVER, it is still annoying to come here (even late night/early morning) and be in the middle of the largest crowd ever (filled with tourists by the way....so you know they're not moving, just standing there taking pictures of literally everything)! Although this is the heart of NYC and I could never hate it, I try to only come here only on occasion simply to avoid the crowdedness.
American capitalism at its lowest common denominator. I like the new seating and street closures, though.
UGH! I avoid this place at all costs. It's so obnoxious and annoying to deal with all of the wandering tourists. The constant, flashing lights and larger than life atmosphere is too much to handle. Times Square is nothing but an amusement ride without the amusement. Go once but never go again. Such a waste of time, space, and energy.
I'm not sure how many stars to give this particular Times Square experience. I grew up in NYC and went to college there. We're talking years ago and this is not the TS I remember. It's wonderful and awful at the same time. The buildings are covered in neon signs; hawkers are trying to get you on their tour buses; costumed people want to pose for pictures with you; the police are handing out flyers warning you that tipping the costumed people is optional. There is an incredible amount of noise and activity. It's an OMG experience but one that I wouldn't have passed up.
"These streets will make you feel brand new, Big lights will inspire you" - Lets hear it for Alicia Keys. She hit it right on the head. It was inspiring...for who or what? I have no idea. It's definitely a tourist spot. People posing for pics, hitting up all the stores and restaurants. So yes, make sure you make reservations if you're going to dine at one of the restaurants at night. During the day it was no biggie but at night, when everything lights up..oh yea, that's what I'm talking about. Little side vendors selling NY paraphernalia and know that part of the proceeds go to the NYPD. Great idea! A must if you're in NY for sure!
I don't have such strong opinions against Times Square.  It is touristy and crowded, and why is it a tourist attracrion, but hey it is still part of New York City and I am a big fan of New York City....  Tourists are okay people too...  Blue Fin is in Times Square too.
After watching Jay Z feat. Alicia Keys - Empire state of mind music video, I had to check out Time Squares. Being able witness Times Square felt so unreal. New York is such a fast pace city. It's crowded but you won't be able to find a city like this. Out of the 10 days I spent in New York, I came here to explore at least 3 times because there is so much to see and do. The red stairway was my favorite part about Times Square because you can see everything move like the movies. Why would you go to New York and not check out Times Square? IT'S A MUST!
Mmm, Times Square...everything I thought it would be.  There were crowds of people and then a few more people, street performers, five Elmos asking for donations, and more.  Entertaining, sure but mostly appeared to be a ploy to get my money for a bit of nothing. My tip is to go at night, much prettier at night.
Yeah, its often crowded and full of traffic but I still love it. Other than visiting a few places in the area, I love to people watch here. There's just such a great variety of people that come through here that you'll rarely get bored. Plus, its a great sight to behold at night. You can literally see the lights from 15 blocks away. I recommend driving through the area during the middle of the night because thats the only time that there's no traffic and the only time that you can slowly drive thru & enjoy the sights.
it was a dream come true to me since ive grown up watching movies that always showed times square. getting around is pretty easy, i would recommend taking the subway to surpass all the traffic. also wear comfortable shoes because there is a lot of walking. and some cash if you would like to buy some souvenirs. i had a great time in times square. just standing and taking a moment to look at everything like the billboards and shops was amazing. just keep in mind there are both nice and friendly and rude people in new york. i stopped to snap those pictures i posted and a man got really angry. he said "r u fcking kidding me." not the best way to be greeted or whatever but hey thats new york for ya. i would recommend bringing a digital camera or something other than your phone to take pictures bc my phone died after taking a ton of pictures..iwhich is probably why haha. but overall a nice experience here. shopping is in every inch of new york. there are lots of people so be aware of your belongings. also a tip: i took a picture with elmo and the cookie monster and they asked for tips afterwards. if you do not wish to tip DO NOT take a picture with them. and i forgot what street it was but there was naked ladies (only vay jay jay covered) standing around to get pictures with people. if you have kids just be on the lookout. times square is the place. billboards, shopping, food, people everything you name it. to sum it up best if you take the subway. also remember to wear comfortable shoes and bring cash :) hope you enjoy your time as much as i did if you decide to come here
You know when you're young and you only see a place in magazines and movies; yea? Well same goes for me. I remember years back during my second visit to the states when my uncle brought me to the city and I stood in this square and was mind-blown. "New York, concrete jungle where dreams are made of There's nothin' you can't do Now you're in New York These streets will make you feel brand new Big lights will inspire you Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York" Maybe it sucks for New Yorkers who live in the area, but if you have out of town visitors, this place is a must see.
I have lived in NYC my whole life, so I can not say that this place is full of magic and wonder, but it has its fun times! I only frequent this area as a walk through to get to other places in mid-town. Food is unfortunately higher here than anyplace else especially for chain restaurants. The musicals and plays are top notch. If you are out of town visiting you are in for a fun, crowded, joyous visit. BUT PLEASE, do not stop in the middle of the street or sidewalk to take photo's. You are disrupting pedestrian and vehicle traffic, lol.
I have to say that Times Square is vastly overrated in my opinion.  It's way too crowded for my liking which makes moving around in it difficult.  There's always someone cutting you off or bumping into you. I was there on a Saturday night and at one point one area of Times Square was so packed with people that NO ONE was moving in one direction.  It nearly caused a fight to break out when someone tried to push her way through the crowd. The restaurants are chains which you can find anywhere in the US.  In a city known for its restaurant scene eating here seems sinful.  Even the shops are just tacky souvenir ones or brands you can find anywhere.  I suppose if it's your first time in NYC you should check it out to say you've been but don't feel you need to spend lots of time there.  You're much better off spending your time in NYC's other and better tourist attractions.
I must this is one of the places in USA that I say all citizens must experience at least once.  It's a sight to see on TV, but it's a whole different level when standing there in person.  I had the opportunity to experience new years eve here and must say, that is something that is NOT worth doing.  But to visit this area on any other night is a must! The lights, the buildings, the people, it's just so fascinating.
Ugh Im fed up with this place the only time I come here is if im bored and drunk during the summer and I want to ruin the tourists day who plague this blur of an area other then that there is no reason to be here unless using the subway.
I spent a day here with a friend, and even in the rain we had a blast!!  My friend and I left on the red eye from phoenix, and sleepily found our way around times square after we landed. We spent most of the day here since it was rainy and cold ( no Statue of Liberty that day) Even the naked cowboy was having a blast in the rain. Great shopping and food, and the tall buildings and LED screens were pretty cool. love the toys R us and M +M world!! Wanted to do more but left on the 7pm back to phoenix for work. Very touristy but something you should check out anyway. :) I'll be back soon!
Beautiful.   Simply a must see especially after sunset.   SUPER CROWDED as F*** but well worth it.   Glad I got a chance to say, "oooh and "aahhh" and "wow" yesterday night.   Thanks for taking me, babe even after I said I preferred being at home.   This is NYC's Vegas strip!
It's Time Square, what can one say?! The Naked Cowboy, Naked Cowgirl... I'm pretty sure the Jersey Tanning Mom (remember her?) was there, but the 80 male version. Lots of characters and street artists at their best. Big lights and Broadway signs... still a must see if you're visiting for the first time. But I can't imagine staying long unless you're seeing a  show and need to kill time - food options in this area is hit or miss, but walk a street over towards Hells Kitchen (near Penn Station) and you won't be disappointed nor limited on options.
Been here about a half dozen times in my life. The only Spiderman I ever see is the drunk version with his costume half worn out. Also, it's crowded as fuck any time during the day and the worst on New Years Eve and Christmas. I will come here because where I want to go to is on the other side.
I don't really understand how anyone can give Times Square a negative review. Sure, you may have a bad experience with a particular store, but that isn't Times Square itself. It was my first visit to NYC and I just had to see this. To say I was overwhelmed is an understatement (that seemed to be the sentiment I had all week!). While it is exactly what you perceive it to be on TV, just the sheer size of it is unbelievable. You can find basically anything you want, seemingly an endless amount of goods and services. There are some swanky places, and some less than swanky places. Even a Toys-R-Us with a Ferris Wheel inside it!! My favorite experience happened right outside the Toys-R-Us, in the traditional gathering place where people go to watch the Ball drop for NYE. Here, I witnessed a 6'5" Elmo doing his thing taking pictures with kids. When suddenly, he saw two other Elmo's in the general area. These were much shorter people. He started yelling profanity laced comments to them about crowding his block, etc. This led to the two Elmo's confronting him face to face, and much shouting ensued. Then things really got interesting. Fantasia Mickey Mouse complete with Wand tried to separate the Elmo's and bring peace to the situation. Then the taller Elmo punched Mickey right in the nose. Wow. All of this while a Policeman on Horseback watched, seemingly amused. Outstanding. Welcome to Times Square. Only in NYC!
Big and bright and full of chain stores and chain restaurants. No local flavor here at ALL. Vegas is better.
Times Square is part of New York.  If you remember the famous picture of the sailor kissing the nurse at the end of World War 2.  It is no different now. It is a reflection of New York with so many different people walking through this area. Many native people from New York try not to walk through this area since it is too crowded. It is fun though to take the time to see the sites. The bright lights. The many stores. And the many colorful people. I made a few YouTube videos to show what the area looks like and the characters and tourists in the area on a Summer day in August 2014. youtube.com/watch?v=6Z-G… youtube.com/watch?v=Oy4z…
Expensive, tacky in a bad-feeling way, soulless, and sentimental.   On the positive end of things, it's busy and full of beautiful people, close to the theatre district and (obviously) transportation, and has some hidden gems, though none of them are a part of the main strips of Times Square.   The city's done a good job of designing/redesigning the area, with a cool elevated viewing deck, bike lanes & lots of seating in place of more cars.   Overall, Times Square is overrated and overpriced.
Times Square has changed over the years and I'm probably getting too old for the noise and the crowds.  It is bright and you can spot it several blocks away, but when you get there...there really isn't any thing to really see except the huge billboards.
I come to Times Square every time I'm in New York. It's always crowded no matter the season. I'm not even sure why I went here the last time. I've seen it all before and nothing has changed. LCD screens/displays, crowds and overpriced food. When I say overpriced, I mean chain restaurants (i.e: Olive Garden and Applebee's) charging more for the same food as their other locations but since they're in Times Square, they feel they should charge more. No, thank you. I did come here to eat at Shake Shack and Gyu-Kaku so that was good. My local friends told me not to stay in hotels here due to bed bug issues in this area. So, I stayed in the Upper East Side nearby. Naked Cowboy usually struts his stuff when the sun is out. Lucky me, the sun was out when I was here in January after and before the big snowstorms - so I had the opportunity get a rare Naked Cowboy sighting in the winter. This place isn't that bad. If it's your first time in the city then, yes, you definitely need to come here.
If you're in New York with your kids or with your parents AND they've never been to NYC, yes you have to go to Times Square. If you're here with friends, a significant other, or clients, get out of jail free card. You don't have to- AND SHOULDN'T- go here.
Times Square is the mecca of tourism. I wish there was a way to avoid Times Square while trying to get to the theaters. It's always ridden with people that don't know how to walk and don't pay attention to what's going on around them. Yes you must visit Times Square on your visit to NY, I mean it's difficult to avoid it, please just keep moving or step aside as you take pics.
It's a tourist attraction. Reminded me of Las Vegas, but more toned down. It's just full of big bright screens and ads.
The place that New Yorkers love to hate. I find it almost comical the amount of effort and energy that New Yorkers spend spitting their vitriol about Times Square. But, really, give me a break. As you can tell I'm a transplant (been here for two years) which is also why my review will probably be discounted, but oh well. It's a must see for out of towners. The displays are gaudy and huge and blinding, but that's what makes it times square. There are people everywhere and everyone walks super slow, but people don't choose to visit new york to take in the peace and quiet and for "personal space". You come here to see tons of people milling around in an incredibly busy, ostentatious environment. It's loud, it's bright, it's kinda dirty, it's overpriced. It's also fun and outrageous. And you have to indulge in it at least once, period.
This place makes me want to shoot myself in the head
Times Square is one of those many world renowned landmarks in New York City that most everyone has heard of.  It looks pretty much what like you see on television and in the movies. It's one of the best tourist traps to visit!  I really have nothing useful to add.  Everybody has written everything there is to write about the place. Times Square is a great place to visit when touring NYC for the first time, but I really have no interest in going out of my way to visit it again.  3 times is enough. It's one place that I have crossed off from my bucket list.
Labor day, 2am, 2006. I was in Times Square. I was the only one in Times Square. The ONLY ONE. The billboards were still flashing; the street lights blinked; someone had left the lights on in the the TRL studio.... But I was all alone. As I ashed my cheaply-imported radioactively-contaminated Ukrainian Camel Light cigarette onto the street, I noticed movement.  I froze stiff : a dark figure turned the corner and was heading straight for me! Maybe 6'2"... 6'3"?? No time to think! He's coming right for me! He's comin--- "Can I bum a cigarette, friend?" the man asked in a thick Eastern European accent. "S-s-sure!" I responded, handing him the pack. "Vait a minute..." He examined the pack, muttering to himself. "Zis is from ze motherland!" His eyes lit up like Times Square on Labor Day. "Can I have zis box?" He asked. "S-s-sure!" The dark Ukrainian faded into the night and again I was alone. In Times Square. I heart NY.
New York ! New York ! It's a hell of a town. This is the center of action for tourists. True there are more tourists than locals. It lights , cameras, action ! Everywhere you go it is showtime from morning to midnight. I am only in the area a brief time each visit as New York City has so much to offer in other parts of the city. I have to say it is better than the 60's as the area was filled with XXX movie theaters, sex shops, and ladies of the night offering to be your tour guide. I do feel safe here , every twenty feet there is a New York cop.New York has done a good job in cleaning up Times square ,it is worth the visit. ****** THE BAD, Every night between 11pm and 1 am in front of each building is a mountain of garbage bags. I never seen  this in Los Angeles, Miami, Rome, London, Mexico City and the list goes on. This must be a New York thing, As I walked by I did see two rats feasting. I think one was BEN.
Times Square. You only get 3 stars from me because I am a New Yorker and avoid this place like the plague. However, I understand why it is the tourist hotspot that it is. PEOPLE EVERYWHERE! That is right. Everyone you look. People. Everywhere you walk. People. Everyone is stopping in their tracks, taking pictures, looking around pointing at things, looking at their maps, it is full on hustle and bustle. Looking for something to eat? No problem, Times Squares has tons of restaurants, food street vendors and stores where you can eat anything and everything. The 24 hours McDonalds on 42nd Street is constantly busy but huge with ample seating. Hard Rock Cafe, Planet Hollywood, Applebees, Olive Garden, all the chains are here. Expect higher prices because of location. My suggestion would be to walk on over to Hell's Kitchen and grab something to eat at one of the little restaurants there. Need something to do in Times Square? There is lots. Go see a Broadway show. You can stand on line for who knows how long at the TCKTS Booth and get discount tickets. Line up at the box office of the theatre to get cheap same day rush tickets. Hop on into the Marriot Marquis and ride the glass elevators all the way to the top. Sit on the bleachers in the middle of the street (if you can find a seat) and people watch. Shop. Go into the brand new HUGE Flagship H&M. Or how about the massive Forever 21? Dave and Busters is also on 42nd street. Times Square is a NYC Landmark. It is what people think of when they think of NYE. It is a must see if you are coming to NYC for the first time or have people coming to visit you from out of town. Living here I only go here if I need to do some shopping...which could possibly be now...H&M, Forever 21..will I brave the Times Square mob for you....
Flashing Lights, Gigantic buildings, Tons of stores, Honking horns, and a lot of people with no sense of their surroundings... That basically explains Times Square. every time i come to New York i try to avoid this area because of how annoyed i get at the people... i understand you're loving the excitement of this grand place. I know its amazing to those who have never been here. but its not excuse for you to walk blindly into someone or ignore street lights and walk into incoming traffic. But boy does that T-shirt / Hoodie got it right, i do love New York. I also did grow up not even a block away from Times Square and it is always a great sight to see. so for that Times Square New York is a-ok!
I love all the lights and billboards in Times Square, along with the Broadway shows, but that's about it.  I also like the easy access to many of the subway lines. I don't like the crowds, overpriced places to eat, and the creepy guys who yell things at you or make kissing faces at you, or the drunk douchebags who try to take your drink away from you then swear at you when you don't give it to them.  I would probably only go to Times Square for the Broadway shows, other than that I wouldn't spend an entire day there.
I give Times Square three stars because it's one of the most famous places in the world. No visit to New York City is complete without coming here. Just don't get stuck shopping in any of the chain stores or eat in any of the below average chain restaurants that are all around. It's a good spot to take some pictures and marvel at the gigantic electronic billboards. You might also run into a television or film crew or the famous Naked Cowboy. One time in Times Square I saw Chris Meloni and Mariska Hargitay filming an episode of Special Victims Unit (very exciting). Another time I was with my kids and went to the M&M store. It was super crowded and I waited in line way too long to buy some souvenirs (never again will I go I to any store in TS). So it's a good photo op and exciting place to be for 20 minutes. Then move on!
This is a tough review to write mostly because in the short time I spent staying at a hotel just a block or two from the neon madness, Times Square and I had a very complicated relationship. Night One: "OMG! IT'S LIKE NEW YORK IS PUNCHING ME IN THE FACE WITH HAPPINESS AND ADVERTISING!" - five stars. The Next Morning: "Huh. Why are there still so many people here and why are they all standing in between me and everything I need in my life?" - three stars. That Night: "IT'S HAPPENING AGAIN! LET'S PLAY RIHANNA SONGS, SPIN AROUND IN CIRCLES, AND START FLASH MOBS!" - four stars. Every Other Visit: "Get the hell out of my face, Times Square." - two stars. All that's to say, if you're visiting Manhattan, you should check it out. It's worth seeing. go with patience, bright eyes, and then GTFO before Times Square sucks the joy out of you.
As a tourist it is worth walking through here at night just to see the shifting sea of screens and neon lights. It is an experience that should take you 5-10 minutes depending on the crowds and then you should move along. However people are like moths to a flame and flock her to be harassed by hustlers, eat at overpriced crappy restaurants or purchase ridiculous crappy souvenirs. If I lived in New York I would avoid this area like the plague.
I kinda compare Times Square to going to Hollywood. Something you do once as a tourist, and once your there you get over it in a few minutes. I can only buy so much tourist junk, and it was 30 degrees, so after a few mins I headed to the subway.There were people EVERYWHERE, and I was up there Super Bowl weekend:(   Anyways, big signs, obnoxious people, crazy traffic, i can see that in LA.
I dislike it, too. Crowded, loud, glitzy and not at all typical of NY's street variety. Convenient transportation hub, and near some good theatre, tho Broadway shows are the least that NYC has to offer in the way of quality theatre.
Lights Lights Lights!!!! $25 perfumes, $10 hand painted portraits, $7 sunglasses, $5 scarves, $2 hotdogs, experience itself= priceless! Ooh what a sight to see. Beautiful city that never sleeps. The lights are always on no matter what tome of day. The advertisements and billboards are at never at constant standstill.  Here in times square you will find all your favorite traditional restaurants at almost double the price of your local ones (i.e:  applebees, fridays).  The hype is all based around the theater/ brodway if your into that sort of thing (which I'm totatlly not), but it's still wonderful. It really is like something out of a fairy tale.  You got your Toys R Us with the ferris wheel, the re-vamped Disney store, madame touissants wax museum, the M&M store, a HUGE century 21, the "times square" themed McDonald's, the grand subway station with every dam train...and that's just to name a few. Also you'll find vendors here who are willing to paint a picture of you, your name, or a beautifullllllll sight of the city for less then $10. My favorite is when they do sculptures for $5. Yes only $5 to have yourself sculpted out in a tiny statue. From the stores to the restaurants, the vendors and the museums, this is truley one of NY's gems. So much to see, so much to do!! The heart of NY..     City that never sleeps... The Big Apple!!!!
Everything is here. Yes EVERYTHING ! From movie theatres, To screen plays, Fast food joints, Restaurants, Every type of store you can think off & of course weird people trying to make cash by performing either half naked or in costume. If things get out of hand dont worry their are tons of cops just walking around doing nothing just drinking coffee with their donuts. This is the infamous play of the ball drop, NOT that kind of ball drop PERV ! But the new year ball drop. Its NYC most visited location, Tons of people around the world live and want to experience Times Square.
A good place to watch your balls drop... I meant the BALL!  To watch the BALL drop! ...um. You know what is more fun than Times Square?  Newark, New Jersey. You know what is more comfortable than Times Square?  A raging urinary tract infection. To sum it up, I'll have to quote the legendary overheardinnewyork.com "Tourist dad with family, bumping into another tourist family: Excuse us! Thank you! Other family's tourist dad: Ugh! Rude New Yorkers! Nearby cop, to both: You do realize you're both tourists, right?" Yes, many of us have been tourists here ourselves, and no, I can't blame out-of-towners for wanting to see... you know... IT.  But do you have to look so damn excited about it?  Do you have to do it more than once? I was curious about what a certain skin infection looked like once, so I did a Google image search, and I saw the picture, and now I know.  And that's more than enough for me. I guess Times Square is like a skin infection... except they sell hot dogs there, and I love hot dogs... okay, going to shut up now. *facepalm*
Love this place! I just with its close for cars
I went to Times Square during my trip to NYC last summer. As I have lived all my life in Chicago, Times Square was novel and interesting to me, and it remains so. I don't think there is anything comparable to it in Chicago - perhaps Michigan Avenue if it was squeezed tightly and had a lot of LED screens installed. I went there primarily in the afternoon and once or twice at night, with each period of time offering a different experience. On each occasion I used my smartphone's park whiz app to save some money and time at nearby garages, money that often went to the food trucks. The food trucks in NYC are unlike anything we have in Chicago either, due to both the sheer variety and availability within Manhattan, and especially at Times Square. I was quite pleased that I could purchase a large pretzel, kabobs, soft drinks, pizza and more at 12:30AM on a Sunday at the fabled square. I had heard a lot regarding the famous New Year's Eve ball, and was amused that it the current incarnation was outside 24/7/365; it only has one use for 10 seconds every year. The rest of Times Square was pretty neat, especially the huge LED displays and the chromatic advertisements for Broadway musicals. What impressed me most was the high level of foot traffic, even when it was 12:30AM on a Sunday night - NYC truly never sleeps after all. The only downsides were that on days when it is miserably hot, it is just as bad at night as it would be during the day, especially with the presence of crowds. Overall, it's a cool place to visit.
Filth. Times Square is... Chain restaurants that can be found anywhere in the U.S., simply giant-sized.  Crazy lights everywhere.... Over-stimulation central. Tourists from all over the U.S. and the world staring and wandering.
At my first time at a souvenir store here, a shopkeeper kicked out tourists who were trying to bargain.  I didn't know there was an indoor Ferris wheel at FAO Schwartz!  I don't like crowded touristy places in general so I don't shop here, but its part of a newbie New York experience.  I wouldn't want to stay in a hotel here because I'd probably have a panic attack.  If you've been to Asia, you're probably underwhelmed by Times Square.
Overated but you have to see it once. Came here for New Years and never ever again.  I do love the Nutz cart with those delicious roasted peanuts and cashews. I wish we could find that in the Bay Area. I would come back for that!
Yes I know.  We're talking about the biggest tourist trap second to Disney World east of the Mississippi.  Funny thing is, this place is what it is because of Disney (eerily scary huh?).   But I gotta say it's cool to stroll through Times Square once in a while.  I have to walk by it everyday to get to work.  And yes, despite the agony of fighting picture snapping tourists stopping in the middle of the way to take billboard pictures, I can say I still enjoy it at times.  Not love...like.  Not always...sometimes. Again, as I posted one day on facebook...people are like flies...attracted to bright pretty lights...lol
I visited Times Square when I was in NYC last July. It's amazing how many lighted advertisement billboards there are everywhere so the best time to visit Times Square is at night. One thing I don't like about Times Square though is that there's so many chain restaurants here when you can eat at those restaurants where you live for the most part but I did go to Ruby Tuesday's since I've never eaten there before since we don't have any in San Jose and even close by for that matter. So overall, it's a tourist trap now unlike back in the 70's and 80's when it used to be NYC's red light district.
It's a love hate relationship with this landmark. I've seen this place grow bigger and bigger and I love it because, well I love New York and this is definitely one of those places where you have to see and go and just to be a part of no matter if your a tourist or a New Yorker. I love the bright lights and especially enjoy it when the tourists are at a minimum. There are those rare instances when there isn't a lot of people walking around and it's one of the most amazing feelings of how you know a place like this gets so crazy but can also be so peaceful. I hate it though only because of the tourists and the traffic. It's a huge deal. Watch out for pick pocketers also. Those biznatches. Tourists are probably the biggest reason why I would hate being in Time Square. The congregate everywhere and there's no room to hide. If Godzilla came and hated tourists also he would touchdown in Time Square first. I just don't like those tourists who wander and walk super duper slow and then stop to take pictures because that causes accidents and may account for why some people go to the hospital. I used to be one of them but now I can barely stand them. Fun Fact: The red glass staircase where you can get cheap Broadway show tickets is actually called Duffy Square in honor of Father Francis Patrick Duffy who was a military chaplain and a priest in the Times Square Area.
Simply put, annoying.   Before entering Times Square, tourists should take mandatory "How to walk in Manhattan" classes. For the love of God, taking pictures in the middle of oncoming traffic is not a smart idea.   And seriously do the Times Sq cops ever do their job, instead of oogling and gawking at the barely dressed Midwest teenage girls???
Pretty shitty, but not so much that you can't give it a go once or twice. I don't live in NY, but wherever I go I don't like to do the tourist thing...I blend in. So to go somewhere that has a high concentration of tourist, not to mention the citizens, gets to be a little jarring. But there was this really cool bar in the area that made up for everything. I'll see this part of New York again, but I don't think it is all that special...It's like our own Market Street in SF but without the lights...just tourists, citizens and stores.
In A Nutshell: *Awe, Times Square where I'm certain many proposals have taken place and where people can lose each other in the huge crowds - such a magical and dizzying spot on Earth. *Seriously, you have to check out the advertisements when the sun goes down - it's definitely brighter than the entire Vegas Strip. *Plenty of knickknack shops, great food (street and restaurants) and a cool reddish-bleacher you can sit on and admire the hustle and bustle of NYC. Overall, if you could only have one destination to go to in NYC it's Times Square.
There are good, bad and ugly things to say about Time Square - but one thing is true - if you come to NYC - you must visit at keast once to stare up at the lights.  It is completely different at night than during the day. And it's nearly always crowded. Yes, there is a seedy underbelly, yes there is an Olive Garden (please, don't eat there.), and a Tkts Tkts booth with a long line. And you may get lucky and see the Naked Cowboy in person, strumming his guitar. But you must come here at least once in your life and judge for yourself.
Times Square is alright. It is iconic of NYC, consumerism and tourism. Three feet off the ground, it's impressive. Three feet down, it sucks. Seriously, people come here mostly because of the tourist-must-see attraction. You want to come here to see a show, to visit a museum, fine. Otherwise, there is nothing there. Don't you get enough ads in your life already?
Times Square in New York City is synonymous with annual mega superstar New Year's Eve celebrations. I've always wanted to visit New York City since starting the traveling back in 2009 with obsessively running 50 marathons in 50 states, but what are the odds of just sightseeing? I had my chance with that on a nice recent May 2014 visit. It was short, but I was glad that I got an opportunity to see Times Square before leaving NYC via Amtrak to Philadelphia on a brisk Saturday morning.  I agree that this is one of the top New York City sights to see while in New York. I stayed in Jersey City that morning, so it was a treat to take the PATH up to 33rd Street and I just walked up a few blocks to Times Square and have breakfast before heading out to NY Penn Station. I took selfies with the landscape itself and just soaked it all in since I was at Times Square after all! With that said, Times Square wasn't crowded at all, since it was a quiet Saturday morning. Not much going on during the weekend, I guess, but still people were still here walking around. Found some tourist folk talking photos too! Times Square is surely a tourist trap, for the most part, which I'm sure a lot of local New Yorkers avoid the area at most instances, unless they work or live around there. I did enjoy seeing Times Square, lit up like Las Vegas in a small section of midtown Manhattan. It sort of felt like I was in Las Vegas somehow, but we were in New York City.  Times Square is located in the heart of New York City - midtown Manhattan on Broadway & 42th Street. There's even a rail station stop that's on 42th Street. A few routes stop here: 7, 7X, N, Q, R, and S. If you were like me, walking is perfectly fine and free. No admission required to come to Times Square and I loved coming here, even when it was a drag to walk here on a lazy Saturday afternoon. Since I was close enough to NY Penn Station, I figured, why the hell not. I don't know when I will be back in New York City, but coming here to Times Square was a privilege and I won't trade it for anything in the world. The overall experience was kind of underwhelming to be honest, just because I came here around 8am on a Saturday. It was really deserted with hardly anyone around. This place isn't bad at all. There were hardly any homeless persons around to ask for money, which was good. It was clean enough, although there were bits of construction projects nearby, but that's about it.  Just being here for 15-20 minutes reminded me of how amazing life is and we should cherish it while we can. Just like how my Statue of Liberty visit was epic anyway. It was nice to see Times Square, but I guess for what's it known for: New Years Eve celebrations - as I came to know it to be, everything else seems to be boring. Don't get me wrong, it's nice to see and visit to check it off the list as a place to visit in your lifetime, but the experience was just plan okay. Nothing really jumped at me, although those flashing electronic signage was okay. It was a good time here, even if it was for 20 minutes taking photos, selfies, and just taking in the moment.  I found a nearby McDonald's and had breakfast before heading back down to NY Penn. Recommended if you are a 1st timer to NYC and just want to see it. Support local! C+
A must for any of your visitors: -bright shiny billboards -Virgils BBQ, who steal BBQ ideas from everywhere in America deliciously. -Hard Rock Cafe (with some important stuff like Adam Levine's guitar...but most importantly, a free bathroom!!) -Late night shopping (the only reason I go sometimes) -Get on the AE billboard if you buy something there and take the receipt downstairs. -Broadway and cheaper broadway through tkts. -lots of people trying to sell you tours and comedy shows. -overpriced chain restaurants. -The Naked Cowboy. He'll make you touch his hiney. -Lots of people from everywhere. Don't drive here. That ain't fun.
Blech, yuk, gross... everything I hate about tourist traps all wrapped into one wasteful energy burning steaming pile of crap titled times square.  I avoid this place like the plague... but sometimes, I have to come here for work.
Nice quick hang out place. Agrees, this place is a tourist magnet and tourists flock here to hang out and admire Time Square and all the glitz and glam of NYC. Nothing special here to eat or buy, but you must come here for the experience. After grabbing an ice cold drink nearby, just come by and people watch. If you can, find a seat on the bleachers. Otherwise there's no real place to sit. It's just amazing how busy this place is all the time.
THIS IS THE HEART OF NEW YORK CITY! Time Square was the place where we needed to start our visit to New York. It was a place where we stood in the middle of the street during daytime and at night time, and night time was much better where the billboards come to live. During both of our times, Times Square were unbelievably crowded, but at night was even more crowded and crazier. Hey, that's what New York is all about! There were no place like Time Square and so many great things to sightsee such as yellow cabs passing by, souvenir shopping, amazing restaurants, museums, Broadway shows, billboards and many events. We walked around and checked out Hershey, M&Ms and Toys R Us stores. We took a break at the Times Square Alliance which is considered as one of the best kept secrets in Times Square and is the home of the Live Ball Drop "museum" where you can actually take photos of an older ball drop by standing next to it. And of course, who could compete with Times Square' in-famed billboards? They are a sight to be seen!
This is one of those areas that New Yawkers love to hate.  It's over-run with tourists and over-priced chain restaurants.  The only reason I come in this area is to hit the movie theater and then run over to a diner on 9th avenune.  And even that has become rarer lately.  And who's be teaching those tourists how to move out of the Times Square area.  Last week I spotted a few in the East Village, eck.
Did you catch the Naked Cowboy? Found him on Friday evening after 5 o'clock, and I still find him the highlight of it all. I can't believe the amount of cow herds of people here, I can't imagine how berserk it must be on New Years. I know a few things now. It's a good place to find a good street gyro. I keep my hands in my pockets most times because I don't want to get pickpocketed. And I don't know how anybody could spend more than a few hours here, not unless you're going to dinner and a Broadway show. If you spent 12 hours here, you'd need like a thousand dollars to keep yourself entertained all day. Slight exaggeration. #likereally
I don't do well when surrounded by large crowds, hence my 2 star rating for Times Square, Yes, there are bright lights.  Yes, there are shows.  Yes, there are tons of food options.  But none of that really "sucks" me in.  I hate walking and being stepped on by tourists and I hate the overpriced food options.   Times Square is terrifying.  The end.
Never again..... I don't know where to start, but no I'm not dealing with this particular part of midtown again.   Never ever ever EVER.
If you are not from NY, you are going to want to go to Times Square.  And, I shouldn't tell tourists to skip it.... But, do not spend too much time here. It does not feel at all like NY, to me.  Most of the restaurants, are really bad.  Its a struggle to walk down the streets.  I think, all the characters (Elmo, Cookie Monster, Doria) seeking photo's, are highly annoying.  If you want to use the bathroom, at McDonalds you have to pay the security guard to use the bathroom, or show a receipt.  One bonus to the area is, there are alot of Flagship stores in the area, so the selection may be better, but I would not know for sure..
Touristy, but awesome. Major bulb action going on day or night! Funny how in the nighttime hours, all the lights & lit signage makes it look like daytime hours. The trademark tower signage looks so small in reality vs. what it looks like on TV & in movies.   Being a tourist, it was pretty neat being here.  It really is the heart of NYC.
Who doesnt love Times Square :)  You are a douche if you don't like TImes Square.
Crowded and a total freak show but also something to at least walk through and see at least once. There are lots of chain stories/restaurants with over the top signs and also performers, tourist traps, and did I mention a ton of tourists? I walked through here and enjoyed it but I didn't eat here, instead I got on the subway and went and ate at a neighborhood place instead near Chinatown (thanks, Yelp) so I had the best of both worlds.
Always good for people watching, be prepared to be potentially harassed by homeless people and people wanting you to go to comedy shows... and  zip that purse up girl!! You don't want to get pick pocketed! Lot's of touristy fun to be had from a very large and in charge forever 21, to theaters, a hard rock cafe, m&m world, souvenir shops... excitement on every screen and corner! I would recommend going at night vs during the day, it's just so much more impressive at night! Be sure to check out the signs people hold up- my personal favorite from my last visit: "ninjas killed my family, need money for food and kung fu lessons"
The worlds largest strip mall. After all that "Bring back NYC!" crap from General Rudy, he brought back  a bland, edgeless, artless, glaring shameless pornography that is even more obnoxious than the whores and drunks he carted away. It is what it is. No use crying over it. But if you think this is NYC, you are sadly mistaken. . The NYC attraction  in Vegas is more 'NYC-Like' than this current incarnation. But with the failing economy and rising inflation, it's getting seedy again. Soon, whores will stroll and bandits will be lifting wallets. Teen queers will descend on Port Authority and wrestle the angels for the return of their homeland. Junkies will once again piss in the corners to mark their territory. And all the cops will give in and return to their homes in NJ, retiring on pensions paid for with the blood of Sean Bell, Amaido Diallo, and so many others... But t-shirts will still be 3 for 10 dollars so relax and go buy a giant Hershey bar.
What can i say that 600 other tourists haven't already said? What a place. It is sensory overload and it's great. It's definitely a place to visit in one's lifetime. All the flashing advertisements, the theaters, the masses of people. I hope you don't mind crowds. There are shops and restaurants and all that jazz. Although I visited as a "tourist" I didn't visit any of the stores or chain restaurants. I was also wary of the Disney Characters dressed up and aggressively bothering people. I would steer clear of those guys. I read that they have been known to hang on to your kids until you "tip" them. Pass. Plus, if I wanted my picture with a Disney Character, I'd go to Disney Land. I'm really glad I was able to visit Times Square. What an experience.
Whenever I think of the saying "It's a jungle out there." 3 things come to mind. 1. The NYC rush hour commute. 2. Chinatown 3. Times Square Out of those 3 Times Square is the more glitzy NYC iconic tourist mecca. Its that place you see in all the movies and hear about when your friends take a vacation to "the city". There's a few things that people don't know before or during their visit to NYC. I'm sure I'm not the first or the last person to give a local's point of view but here goes... by the way, when I say local I mean I grew up here and lived in NYC for the majority of my life. Just a bit of distinction between me and other locals that may or may not have lived here for more than 20+ years. Consider this a bit of a public service announcement if you will. First off NEVER go to Times Square for New Year's Eve unless you like being herded like cattle. I tried this once a few years ago  with friends who were from out of town and then I realized why I never did it in the 20+ years I lived here. You will literally be cornered off in barricades by NYC cops. Sure it's to ensure the safety of everyone but those people who you see in the heart of Times Square on TV as the ball drops have probably been in that one area for more than 12hrs and more often than not they also haven't gone to the bathroom in the same amount of time because once you leave NYPD will not let you back in. I know half of you reading this will not take my advice and do NYE here anyways. At least those of you with kids please do everyone a favor and leave anyone under the age of 13 at home. Subjecting children to this kind of torture might be considered cruel and unusual punishment. Now that we've gotten that bit of unpleasantness out of the way any other time of the year you're here do yourself a favor and SKIP THE TOUR. And by that I mean those double decker bus tours. Luckily, I'm far too proud to do that stuff here, even with friends, but you'd find a far more engaging experience off the bus rather than on. Also you'd probably get much farther too seeing as pedestrians move faster than traffic here. Last but not least hold onto your wallet in your front pocket. I can't tell you how many times someone has come up to me asking for change because they were robbed. Obviously I never give them any money seeing as I think 75% of them are trying to hustle me but still as the saying goes, "it's a jungle out there". Smart folks carry their cash close, not in some fanny pack that's easily pickable where you won't feel it. Finally, eat in Hell's Kitchen and buy theater tickets using TKTS booth on 7th avenue. Broadway shows are fun but day of tickets are better at half price. Don't let this review scare you. New York City is a fun and exciting place. We love tourists to come here and spend lots of money. We're also very friendly and will try our best to give you directions and good recommendations if you ask. If you follow my humble local advice you might very well enjoy and leave this incredible iconic place in one piece, and live to tell the tale of your great adventure in our fair city. Good luck.
It is too loud, too unnaturally bright, too overcrowded, and too many people who don't know where they're going or stop in the middle of the street. It's nice to see once. I always wince when I have to walk through it.
Everyone has heard of Times Square. Some of us have seen it and loved it while others have not been that impressed (yep, I know a few who thought it was simply ok!). For the rest of us, it is an elusive place which they hope to visit one day. I loved it and I believe that you can't not experience it if you ever get to NYC. Flashy massive screens, posters (Man of Steel was everywhere when I was there), Iron Man, Spiderman, Mickey Mouse and a few more; it is a really place to hang out and is great fun. It is very touristy though and so is always packed to the rafters. It's great for shopping (although I prefer to shop in Soho) and there are heaps of stores around. The huge crowds of tourists and locals can make it a little bit dauting if say you are not used to many people but I found it great fun and entertaining. It is certainly an exciting atmosphere and there is always a good vibe all around. So... If you make it to NYC, check it out, pick a spot, let it sink in, do a 360, take lots of photos, go home and crap on to all your mates about how much fun you had!
Likes: Busy, bustling, full of life, lots of do, LOVE IT. Tip: Find yourself on the big screen when you are standing between the two dude statues ;)
We were in New York on Easter weekend!! OMG!!! What an experience....I LOVE NY!!!  When I got home I was already saying I wanted to go back.  I'm from Chicago and that's a happening place but NY puts Chi-town to shame!!  lol  Time Square is so awesome, that is if you don't mind people.  There's like thousands of people all over, all the time!!  And how great to see Glee being filmed along with Good Morning America!!  The shops, electric billboards, food, people and excitement make me crave for more everyday....can't wait to go back!!
If you go back to the 1980s and earlier, Times Square would be somewhere between minus-five and minus-seven stars. It was awful: the armpit of New York City, a real disgrace. Over the past twenty-five years it has been cleaned up very nicely, but now it is Disneyland: crowded with tourists, antiseptic, phony. Unfortunately, businesses are locating in this area, so native New Yorkers who wouldn't be found dead in this area, except to go to a Broadway show, now are forced to come here. Times Square is the epitome of New York under Bloomberg, a real estate developer's and out-of-towner's fantasy land: crappy restaurants with bad overpriced food, tourist traps, and street peddlers. Really sad, but at least you can walk through the area without being stabbed.
Being a first timer to NYC, I definitely had Times Square on my MUST-see list. I don't understand why people are shocked and complain about TS being crazy, crowded, noisy, bright, etc; duh people, that's what Times Square is and what makes it great. If you don't like walking around packed like a bunch of sardines, don't go. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed walking through Times Square to get our Phantom tickets at TKTS during the day, then again at night leaving the Majestic Theater after our show. There is so many things to see, so many shops to go in, and so many people to watch (the good, the bad, and the ugly:-). NYC is truly the city that never sleeps! Would I want to live in or near Times Square every day, of course not; but the experience was amazing and it should be on everyone's itinerary when they visit NYC!
It's one of most known square in the world! Times Square by night is stunning! We enjoyed shopping and some good food. Square by night with its beautiful colours is a living monument!
First time going to Times Square. I didn't know I was there until after I passed it. It was like it is on tv; crowded, loud, a lot of people, & cold. There is a lot of construction going on & trash on the streets. Careful where you walk, wouldn't want to twist an ankle on the uneven pavement while dodging a huge crowd! Overall it was okay. Wouldn't want to go back during the day. But looks fun for a night scene.
It was neat although it sucked that it was raining the whole time. I went for my senior trip and its so bright at night and noisy like one always hears about. Went to the huge McDonalds and the Hershey store and the M&M store.
Everyone is too cool for Times Square since all the porn stores disappeared but I'm still awed by all of the screens and flagrant advertising.
Probably a too high of a rating as it is, but after seeing so many neon lights in Hong Kong, Singapore, Tokyo, I'm almost oblivious to it.  Big-ass billboards don't faze me anymore lol. The extra star is really for nostalgic reasons that i finally know where all the action is on NYE. Unlike the asian cities though, TS does have its character, and safety element, as least from my naive point of view.  Didn't have to worry about ppl ripping off cellphones, purses, etc. from other horror stories.  with cops everywhere, as well as ppl dressed up in action figures, quite the sight. And the late night shopping another bonus too.
Alright alright, come on guys. Let's get things straight. New Yorkers will give it 1 star, Tourists will give it 5 stars, Tri-state commuters will give it 3 stars. It's the natural progression of things, I think. And here's why: When people that live in the city think of Times Square, their first thought is, "Tourists." And it's true--you can't walk an inch without bumping into someone standing in the middle of the sidewalk taking a picture of the marquee or red steps. It's loud, bright, crowded, and over-priced considering the fact that it's mainly composed of large corporations and chains (Forever 21, Red Lobster, MAC, etc.). Not only that, but Bloomberg blocked off half the streets to set up tables and flower planters specifically for tourism' sake, so it can be a sore spot. The tourists, of course, will love it, and rightly so. It's the New York they've seen on TV, the sensory overload of flashing mega-screen TVs, men waving you down for coupons off comedy clubs, street vendors, break dancers, BROADWAY! It's as exciting and fulfilling as the belting, powerhouse finale of your favorite musical... However, the tri-state commuters are probably the most realistic of the bunch; they've been to Times Square a few times and go back only when their friends come into town. They've seen the excitement and experienced the fulfillment, and are able to relive it once or twice a year without becoming jaded like the city dwellers. If everyone is honest, there's no other place like Times Square. If you've never been, go! But if you've been before, then you probably know which category you fall under.
If you've never tried LSD, and you're interested in what it might be like to experience an alternate reality but are too afraid to actually ingest the chemical - just go to Times Square.  But the trip turns bad, quickly.
I still cant believe people leave the comfort of their homes to come here on purpose. Times Square is dirty and stinky but there are a lot of shiny lights so I guess that makes it all worth it....or something.
The cross-roads of the world!  I was told at a very young age . . . every person you ever meet . . . friends, acquaintances and total strangers . . . will cross through Times Square at least once in their life. It is noisy, busy, congested and  for us locals a pain to walk through, especially when all we want to do is get home in the afternoon after a hard days work.  Yes, part of me wants to stand in the middle of Times Square and just tell everyone to go home, but then I realize that everyone is there to soak it all in (and I would I appreciate some common courtesy if I visit their hometowns). While it is now considered "Disney World" of sorts since it was cleaned up 20+ years ago, you can definitely feel the history of this section of town if you know where to look.  For you history buffs, it can interesting to do some research before coming to town to see what has happened here over the past 100+ years and it will give you a feel for how this section of town has grown to what it is today.
its neon signs people.  and more annoying tourists than anybody should ever be subjected to at once. on a positive note, i like that they changed it to a pedestrian plaza.  the painting on the street was cheap and cheesy but something is better than nothing.
New York city sight.    Lights everywhere.    Electronic billboards everywhere   If you ever want to be put off by an ad this is ad ovoerloa, five story ad with a girl in a bikini in February.  Just wrong on many levels.   Especially since there is ice on the ground and its a warm 28 degrees. It is a sight to see.  But juat stroll through.   Pass the chain restaurants.   The Broadway shows are nearby.  Also check out the dicount tickets for the day. It is just crowded and swarming with tourist.
It's Times Square, how can you not fall in love? Bright, shiny, loud, and crazy. Just how I like it. Had an awesome time exploring and miss it already.
The only worse thing in the world than Times Square is Times Square when everyone has an umbrella.  Probably the worst place in the world.  Like being at war w/ humanity.  Stay away!!!
You have to think about who needs to read this review to really rate this place. As a local and commuter in Time Square it's the worst place in the world! I really do hate it when tourists decide to stop right in front of you to take a picture. I really try not to be a complete b*tch but remember I have to go through this two times a day and five days a week. It can really get old. And the tourists only have to do it once in their life. But if you're a tourist debating if you should go to Time Square, this is a MUST! Get your pictures in because this seven block radius is quite stunning and one of the most iconic places in the world. You will see all types of things, people, and events. It's never the same thing here. During the week, Good Morning America films their morning show. And other television networks choose Times Square to shoot footage. HINT: Go at night time, after 6pm, when all of the lights are brightly shining and you aren't working against us commuters. I will say everything night I leave work, take a big sigh and look around at the spectacle of bright lights and the hustle and bustle of people. Stay far far away on Wednesday around 2pm because it's Broadway matinee. Many of the streets are clogged with people waiting in line for a show Stay away from the costumed characters unless you have a dollar to give them for taking a picture with them. Instead of getting off of 42nd street, opt for 49th street on the N/Q/R train, and get out on the 47th street entrance, it's quite a sight when you come above ground. What to eat, don't eat in Times Square if you want a real NY experience, go to 9th Avenue and walk around the 40s and 50s in Hell's Kitchen, there's a much better selection and cheaper.
This has to be one of my favorite spots in the world. Yes, Times Square has its tourists, its panhandlers, and its evangelists, but this is what makes Times Square unique. You have so much diversity in one place at any given time. I wish I knew the exact number of people in Times Square at a single time snapshot. All of the shops around and transit connections also make Times Square a pretty convenient place to be. I would live in Times Square if it were feasible to do so. Though some may be annoyed by all the bustle, if you are not, I definitely recommend taking a walk.
I don't care for Times Square.  It's nothing more than a tourist trap.  Sure, there are flashy lights everywhere and crowds of people, but not much else.  The shopping is weak.  The restaurants are tourist traps (sure, some are good, but there's not that much to brag about).  And really, this is the financial district of New York.  Walk around late at night and you'd be hard pressed to find anything decent going on.  I've had to walk many blocks North to find a decent bar to hang out in.  It's all right to walk around, and get that NYC feel, but if I never go back I'll be fine.
Wow what a difference a few years make.  I remember when we wouldn't dare walk in the times square area at night.  Now it's something you must do just to check out all the energy and activities going on.  There always seem to be some form of live entertainment going on in the streets. From the costume characters, the half naked ladies or the variations of statues that you can take pics of or with. Fork up $5 to $20 for  a cool caricature of yourself There's a multitude of restaurants,  bakeries,  bars and shopping. Wear some comfortable shoes and be prepared to maneuver around the tons of crowds always in the area.
I'm gonna give TImes Square four stars.  Yes, I am.  Although I recognize that it is a gaudy tourist trap  and probably overrated to many NYers, I think I loved it for that very reason.  See, let me explain something:  Here in Chicago, the streets are empty by around 11:00pm.  Yeah, you might have pockets of people milling around, but for the most part, it gets pretty sleepy.   So visiting Times Square at 11:00 at night on a Sunday and seeing thousands of people, dozens of billboards with flashing lights and popular retail stores open until 1:00am was crazy.   It felt like everyone was wide awake and we were also.  Plus, being in a place that you have seen hundreds of times on TV and where you watch the New Year's ball drop each year was nice.   It's not somewhere I'd have to visit each time I come to NY, but to stop by and walk around and take it all in, it was pretty sweet.
well first of all I am most totally happy that I'm now in the NJ/NYC area (suck it, philly) but I went to Times Square today andddddd weeelllll :/ I moved into the area to go further in Filmmaking and pursue Acting but as far as Times Square? It's like a huge-ass mall. I mean you have the Sefora make-up store and Aropostale. Nice for museums and broadway shows and for your business or whatever but I want to find other areas in NYC to have fun in. oh! I suppose to check out the restaurants? like a create-your-own-burger or other restaurants? About it, really.
I was super fortunate to stay the week in one of the hotels in Times Square. The busy crowds, flashing lights, excited tourists, tantalizing aromas from food vendors and yellow taxis maneuvering through hectic traffic. This place is not for the faint of heart and as a small town girl, the hustle and bustle can be a bit overwhelming. It's a great city with lots to do even at the latest of hours. Times Square exemplifies the phrase: "The city that never sleeps." There are several stores where you can happily blow your money on, flashy Broadway shows and even the infamous naked cowboy/girl walking around the center of Times Square. It's an uncomfortable novelty that you can't help but stare and/or giggle at. Only in Times Square. It's a great tourist spot, but after a whole week, the glitz and glamour loses it's luster. As a tourist, Times Square is a MUST SEE. Great to visit. However, not to stay for long periods of time.
Times Square is, well, Times Square.  There's nothing like NOT being or living in or around this area.  All the bright lights, or all the crowds and mess of people walking constantly around the place, it's no wonder this city has been dubbed the "City that Never Sleeps". Go sometime and experience it for yourself, at some time in your life. However, if you can avoid this area starting at 12:00midnight on December 30th till January 3rd, this place is a total disgrace with the hoardes and hoardes of people.  If your in the area, watch the New Years Ball drop as all us New Yorkers and New Jerseyans and Pennsyvalanians know, on TV.  It's shown on most TV stations during this time.  It sure beats the crowds who line up in hoardes for several city blocks, to see the most famous ball drop in this area.so, take my advice!
It's always nice thinking of being in Times Square, but when you're actually walking there you can only hope not to get trampled. I was expecting more unique restaurants and shops, but pretty much it's your every day chains like Olive Garden (which BTW is over priced here) and a huge Toys R US (though I like it) and a bunch of bright signs and lights at night. I think it's better to take a stroll there on weekdays and later in the evening when it's dark just to see the lights. But other than that, there wasn't much to see or do or eat for that matter.
Times Square is... Times Square. Just like in the photos and stories, it's fast paced and incredibly bright at night. It's a melting pot of people - businessmen walking to catch a bus at Port Authority, tourists taking in the sights, families enjoying a night out, couples proposing (seen this a few times), everything! Enjoy the street performers and many talented artists along the sides, but watch your purse in crowds (as you would in any other city in the world). If you're visiting, be sure to leave a few hours to visit the iconic stores around the square - Toys 'R' Us, M&M store, Apple, Sony Discovery, there's so many! Or just sit back on the Red Steps, and take in the city.
42 street the dream , of so many, the hope of entertainers and the joy of so many visitors from other countries, enjoying the lights and the restaurants. 42 street has been a part of my life, seeing the changes from triple x movies, karate flicks and smut store fronts to toys R us and the best eating places to go and theatre life. Like the Lion King and Mary Poppins and so many others. I as a new yorker , makes me feel proud of being a part of this city.  Thank you NY for keepping us alive.
Fun to walk through once every year or two just to see how the advertisements have changed:  in general the trend has been from big plaster boards to digital Harry-Potteresque (I never want to use that term again, but seeing as how I just saw Daniel's jiggling balls while he screamed psychotic murder and blinded horses) "living pictures."  Little random funny things like the commercial that was being filmed with some big gladiator man with a back tattoo in the middle of the square.  If you don't like crowds moving slowly, chain foodies blown to max size, tourists, or mind-blowingly expensive junk, obviously avoid.  Hate it as you must, its worth the spectacle from time to time to remind one's self of the pinnacle of commercialism.
Times Square: a place of crossroads between commercial business, shopping, dining, theater, and tourism, filled with tourists walking around in awe of the spectacle of the brightly lit signs, directing their attention to multiple avenues to enjoy the night. If you've never been here before, it's worth to check out for a few minutes, to experience it once in your lifetime; to experience Times Square once before moving on your day. I personally like visiting here, setting up my tripod, and try my hand at long-exposure photography. And every time I'm in NYC, and if I have a free hour or two, I will go here to experiment with my camera.
A cool place to go as a tourist at day and night time for the spectacle.  You will be however harassed by people trying to get money from you such as rappers and people with sob stories.  If you don't like crowds stay away but you should see it once.
So much fun, but sooo sooo soo crowded. I guess that is part of what makes it fun. The down side to this is the price for food. GEEZ. NY is great isn't it? Great to visit, maybe not so good to live.
Not sure what to say.  It is just a mess, if you are in town and have never been here you must walk through and experiance it.  Best to come at night.
Times Square... I walk through it every morning to get to work and there are already a ton of tourists at 8:45am. But you know what? That's fine. It's a really amazing sight, and such a classic NY destination. A few tips: Don't go to the comedy shows... spend your $ on a Broadway show instead. Use the TKTS booth behind the red stairs, or go directly to the show box office. Don't take pictures with people dressed up like Batman, Superman, Spiderman, the Statue of Liberty, Elmo, or the homeless. They charge. Don't cross the street because everyone else is- please look out for speeding cabs. Go at night, walk towards it going downtown, say from 50th street. I feel like this is the best view of it :) When you get to 44th or so, turn around and see the M&M billboards- the best! If you approach it from afar, you see the glow of the lights and the anticipation builds up more than when you just hop into it. The souvenirs are rip-offs, duh. Keep in mind most of NYC isn't anything like Times Square and "real" NYers tend to avoid the area. DO NOT eat at Red Lobster, Olive Garden, or McDonalds. Please I beg you.
Kill me. This is my least favorite part of the city. Anytime I have a friend visit, I treck them through good ol times square in any weather condition. In the snow, you leave dirty and cold. In the rain, your eye is nearly poked out by the 63829373 umbrellas. No tourists know where they're going, the pigeons don't know where to go either with their dirty selves and the prices of anything remotely close to here are outrageous. See it once, take pics, and then you're set for life :)
Yes this is one of the major tourist attractions in New York City, but what do you expect? It's a tourist attraction for a reason. This is one of the attractions that you have to visit in the evening. Which is a good thing so you can do other stuff in the day and catch the subway here in the evening. Seeing the lights, and the people, and the happenings of the streets are all part of the experience. IT'S JUST NOT THE SAME IN THE DAY TIME, but if it's the only time you can go, still stop by. There are plenty of shopping and eateries around here. So much to do, and again when it starts to get dark is when things are just about to get started. It does and most likely will be crowded. So I can understand those who just don't like to deal with crowds may not be able to tolerate the atmosphere, but you really just have to muster it to see one of the main landmarks of the city.
Ah, TOURISTS.  It's quite possibly the worst place in all of New York to go while also being one of the busiest.  It's sidewalks are home to people who stand and gawk; it's stores are corporate, unoriginal, and uninteresting--think Starbucks, American Eagle, and Borders; and it's attractions are made appeal to an idea of wholesome Middle America that--being from Middle America myself--isn't really true.  In short, it's everything that is terrible about New York/America while also being intrinsically American. The problem with Times Square isn't that it's necessarily bad or that it's proponents are necessarily wrong: It's that they are just a little bit misguided in their attempts to make money and to showcase America to the rest of the world in such a way that it has become a caricature of itself.  Everything from everywhere in America is there and can be had for a small price, eliminating any real value or originality.  There's a huge attempt to condense all of the millions of square miles of America into this one square thats just a bit disconcerting. I'm not even advocating for eliminating the corporate aspect of American culture--who doesn't love a McDonald's chicken nugget everyone once in a while?--it's just that, given that this is New York with thousands of restaurants and stores that you'd never find anywhere else, why only visit those in Times Square?  The blindingly bright lights and tourists are enough to make many people shy away but the lack of anything original sort of seals that deal.
Its everything you see on TV, in the movies, etc. It's where all the GMA peeps are. I've been to TS twice. Once to see it and the other to purchase my very first Broadway tickets! Jay Z and Alicia aren't lying in their song...it's exactly that!
I have been to New York three times!!! What I really like the most out of Times Square New York is the lighted up billboard signs the shopping areas and also with lots of restaurants to choose from!!! The best time of the day to go to Times Square New York is when the sun goes down and when it reaches the night time!!! And then that's the time when you see Times Square gets really bright at night with all that beautiful lighted up billboard signs!!!  And I consider Times Square as my most favorite go to place of New York City!!! If I ever do go back to New York City in the near future, Times Square for me is the place that... I would have to go back and visit!!!  If going to New York City you definitely have to go to Times Square!!! Its my most favorite tourist attraction area of New York City!!! And this what every tourist would say if you didn't visit Times Square New York City you definitely did not see New York City!!!
You can't visit NYC without visiting the infamous Times Square - even if it is for just a moment - get in and out as quick as you can. There are a ton of things to see at Times Square, the billboards, the broadway show ads, yellow taxis (and an occasional dodge looking one trying to flag you down), scalpers, tourists (cant forget them tourists), comedy night scouts ohh and a heap of garbage flying about the place. Despite all these things, it actually has a great vibe - its loud, its bold, chaotic and there's more cursing than a dirty drunk sailor - sorta like the Cross away from home.
Just sit on the lighted red steps and soak it all in. Put on some headphones with Muse blasting away to enhance the experience.
I know I'll get a million thumbs down on this one and I KNOW everyone around the globe can't wait to get there some day but I still find it extremely annoying and pointless.  The noise, the smell of garbage and the mobs of people dressed up like cheap birthday party characters really makes this place even worse than it is. The one good thing that has happened over the years is limiting the traffic and putting out tables to relax, eat etc if that's at all possible.   I would rather walk a block or two extra to avoid this place, but that's just me!
The scenery was amazing, I love the lights, the architecture of the buildings, and how touristy it felt.  Why I only gave it a 3 out of 5 stars?  Majority of the shops that I've entered in had the worst customer service ever. 4 o'clock walking into a souvenir shop, and got kicked out because they were closing.  His words: "I don't have time, 1 minute."  I'm sorry, I didn't realize you wasn't about your money.  That was such a shame, because I was actually looking forward to buying many things from him, because the gentlemen in front of his shop was very welcoming.  How disappointing.  Not only that but we had gone through and did a moral drawing of ourselves by a cartoon artist, and as sweet and kind as the couple was, it was kind of a rip off.  Considering they charged for something they didn't even ask if we had wanted.  My poor boyfriend, he didn't want to be a jerk, he paid for it and left with a smile, too generous he is.   Word of advice, the crazies come out late night.  I'd beware of your surroundings, many people are capable of theft out there and because it's so crowded, I'd keep all monies, purses, and other possessions close to your body.  A few people came up to us and offered us their CD, but I swear, I wanted to knock somebody out because all they kept doing was beg for money, "donations" if you will.  I'm sorry, I'm not interested in your CD, and your way of marketing does not make you look flattering.  Spit something nice for me, I try to sound professional as I can (understanding that I'm not a professional) but I keep my posture, but I can be all about hip-hop.  I just portray myself to be more graceful than that when I'm in areas I'm not sure about.   Oh, and remember, don't take pictures with these fake ass characters out there.  Oh my gosh, you have no idea how much I wanted to kick the crap out of Buzz Lightyear and Woody.  They be tryna hustle you.  If I were you, I'd just walk away.  I can imagine if you have children, but just beware, they're money hagglers.   Plus there was so many construction going on, I couldn't get feel New York's full potential. :( Maybe next time New York.
Ba-humbug to everyone who hates this place. Yeah I know it's a "pain" and yeah I know it's "touristy" but it is a one of a kind. I spent NYE here this year and will remember it forever. Would I do it again? No. But you gotta go once. For the west coasters this is the equivalent to Pier 39 for us, but gosh darnit I still like to take a stroll down there and to see the excitement in others eyes for the first time is priceless and good fun!
Big city, bright lights, where dreams are made of.
Before they turned Times Square into a piazza, only 11 percent of the surface area was devoted to pedestrians (even though there were 7 times more pedestrians than cars).  slate.com/id/2220609/pag…  It didn't make sense at all. So well done, NYC, for letting rationality win this one. I never thought I'd say this, but my friends and I had a lovely afternoon relaxing [sic] in Times Square.  Grab a coffee, arrange some chairs for easy chatting, and admire the clouds, the billboards, and the parade of humanity.
Amazing to see. The kids loved it 9 & 15. Lots to see and do
Sometimes, you just have to go THRU Times Square.  Sometimes, you just have to go TO Times Square.  If you are visiting for the first time, and from anywhere else in the USofA, Times Square is definitely worth checking out.  If you're a local, really - why go here unless you are passing thru. OK, maybe there are a *few* reasons, perhaps a few specific destinations you can't go to without going to the area.  But given the crowds of tourists, best to avoid.
It's Times Square. The middle of New York. It's bright. Even the McDonald's sign is sparkly and bright. It's crowded with tourists who stop in the middle of the road to take a picture of a sparkly billboard. But when have you not done that in a foreign country? It's the home of Broadway musicals. Mama Mia! Wicked! Rock of Ages! It's all in the hood. But it's Times Square. It's the tacky side of New York. The crossroads of the hustle and bustle. One of my favorite things to do when I have visitors 90is get take out from Shake Shack, sit in the pedestrian plaza or Tks bleachers and watch the world go by. I love it.
This place is so cool everyone should go to it.
I am a fan. Times Square is good for people watching and feeling like you are at the center of the world. You have to be patient when you come here. It gets super crowded and it is nearly impossible to stop and actually look around while on the sidewalk. A good place is to sit/rest on the steps and then people watch. Right behind the steps is TKTS. It is a ticket booth where they sell same-day discounted broadway and off-broadway shows. Discounts are around 30% to 50%. You will also see people who are trying to sell comedy show tickets on the street. There are limited restrooms in the area. There is one in the big Starbucks. Wait time at restaurants nearby can be over an hour or two.
What can I say? It's Times Square. It's famous. It's exciting. And it's safe(r) now! It's a great place to see on your first few visits to NYC, when you're getting your bearings. The lights, the billboards, the NYE ball, the M&M store. But be warned: one million out-of-towners got the same advice. Be warned that everything is inexplicably more expensive here.* And those creepy guys in the slightly-off Muppet & Disney costumes are inexplicably more aggressive here. And if you don't feel like going to a comedy show tonight, you're going to need a really good reason. But if you happen to visit Times Square on a quiet weekday before or after peak holiday season, you're in luck! It's a great place to see. * Since you're on Yelp already, look up somewhere else to eat (unless you're an Applebee's aficionado). There's a ton of great restaurants just a short cab or subway ride away!
Sheer spectacle. Like a vertical Vegas. When visiting New York, go to this place, get your picture taken there to show folks back home you were in the Big Apple, then move on. Nothing really to see here aside from overpriced tourist traps. As far as visitor attractions go, this place is like sugar water. Empty calories, no substance.
How can you come to NY without going to Times Square!!! Even if you don't like shopping or watching broadway shows..... just walking around in Times Square is plenty of entertainment. People watching is fun too! Take a few pictures to have life time memory~
There is so much to do while in the Times Square area and I thought I would list a few that I saw in the area. Ferris Wheel - The iconic Toys"R"Us Times Square 60-foot indoor Ferris Wheel has 14 individually themed cabs so guests can ride along with their favorite toys and entertainment characters for about $5.  The 110,000-square-foot Toys"R"Us store is a blast as well even for the older 'Kids'. MTV Studios - Well most of us grew up with MTV and their studio is at 1515 Broadway. Many of the MTV Shows are shot with live audiences and they use the street as their backdrop so even if you do not get in for a show, you can make a fool of yourself and call your mom and tell her to watch. Hershey's Times Square Store - Yes, if you are in the area, stopping by the Hershey's Store and grab that 5 POUND HERSHEY BAR for about $20.  If you are a bit claustrophobic then this is not the place for you as it is a bit tight and crowded but still something different.
You might think that just because I live and work around Times Square that I'm tired of it or that I know all there is to know about it. Far from it! Times Square is a constant dopamine high delivering surprise after surprise after surprise. Once you get over the big touristy neon signs and Broadway theater houses, and even after you've gotten familiar with the endless cast of street performers like the naked cowboy, the body-paint artist lady and the horse-mounted police (yes, anyone who poses for the camera is a street performer officer), you'll find an endless parade of failing and growing businesses from music stores (Virgin Records, R.I.P.) to slacker clothing (Billabong), to questionable Akihabara-style electronic-gadget shops, to the Broadway shows that come and go or sometimes hang around seemingly forever. If you squint your eyes you'll find a huge array of dining options from high-end sushi (Sushi Zen) to divey sushi (Kodama) to open-late French brasseries (Pigalle) to a tiny vegetarian oasis offering the best sugar-free peanut butter cookies (Green Symphony). The square itself has rapidly evolved in the six years I've lived on its far northwest corner, transforming from a perennial traffic jam to what is now essentially a public park with cafe-style seating and free wifi. I love this neighborhood!
Why do people come here?!? Why is this still a tourist destination??? Times Square, outside of a special event, depresses me. I overhear conversations from tourists wondering what there is to do here other than the same crap they do at home... just at twice the price. Movies? Expensive bedbug dens. Shopping? Unless you have an emergency 1AM need to buy crap at Aeropostale, you would probably do better shopping at your local mall or online. NYC is a shopper's delight. JUST NOT IN TIMES SQUARE. Photos with Elmo? Elmo might slap you if you don't tip him and Batman is currently spazzing out and won't take pics with anyone. Oh look... now he's taunting the crowd. Ah... here come the cops. Hungry? You can eat Olive Garden in the Plaza. Nice. Now you can be overcharged for the same crap pasta you could get at your local strip mall, have an automatic gratuity added to it & eat it out in the most car fume congested part of NYC. How special. The only reason I can't give it one star is that I had a great time here during Election Night. I mean, c'mon... cheering each state that legalized marijuana with a thousand other people is seriously fun! As a town square for the largest city in the country, it's a great place. Coming to catch a show. Wonderful. But as a destination in and of itself.... *GACK* Save your time and go anywhere else. Unless you want to see a free freak show.
There's no place like NYC! You'll know what I mean when ur standing in the heart of Times Square.
"Hell is other people."~Sartre The living embodiment of this quote is Times Square. To ratchet up the hellishness, every store is a multinational emporium of mediocrity and blandness. Whitey McPlain Plain, you're in the big city and feeling uncomfortable!  No worries, Times Square will soothe you with all the Applebee's and ESPN Grills and Forever 21s and Starbucks you need to feel safe again.  The only sign of the glory days of yesteryear is the fact that Show World Center still stands.  You can not walk, breathe, or see anything as you are constantly enveloped in a swarm of bodies.   I'm giving it one star, b/c we came up there to see "Fela! " which is the greatest show in the history of musical theater, so that star is for housing the Eugene O'Neil Theater.  If you don't have a reason to be there, avoid it if you value your sanity and personal space.  If you are a masochist, by all means, enjoy. This place is torture.
Ah, I love how the city lights up at night!  Filled with taxi cabs going back and forth from street to street, everyone doing their own thing and tickets to broadway musicals, Times Square is in the middle of it all! This place is the signature stamp to New York's fast pace lifestyle! What an icon!
Sigh, freaking tourists, clogging up the sidewalks, stopping abruptly in front of you, walking slowly, taking pictures. But we love that money, so we have to do the dance. This is the heart of the Disneyfication of NYC. All of the things found in malls across America are here: Red Lobster, Applebees, Gap, and other tacky crap (Pop Tart World... really?!). Overpriced drivel like Madame Tussaud's + Ripley's Believe it or Not. Regular NYC fare (Duane Reade, Walgreens, etc.). Probably the world's first McDonald's to charge a quarter for an extra barbecue sauce. Virgin megastore is gone, taken over by Forever21, a better way to pander to the tweens. Several positives: - All the theaters. - For some reason, most of NYC's best modern architecture is concentrated here. - pop crap is better than prostitutes and drugs, though that is debatable. - That Carson Daly show is gone, so no more screaming, crying tweens. Can't we move all of this stuff to Staten Island or something?
Love it. So much energy in the air here.
Seriously, it's Times Square *Chaotic *Bustling *Shady *Clean and dirty *Busy *Perfect for pictures (hey look at me I am in TS) *Crowded 24/7 *Safe (police everywhere) *Fun - something to do for everyone *Tourist trap and chain restaurants
What the hell tourists? Do you not have advertisements where you are from?!? "Hey honey, how was your trip to New York?" -"Oh great, I took some pictures want to see?" "Yeah, oh wait why are they all of Cup o Noodle and cell phone companies?" Why remember your trip to new york with pictures of shit you see on television? Other than that, it's pretty sweet.  Broadway is blocked off so no cars can drive on some parts of it allowing you to wander more recklessly around the streets staring up at the shiny signs.  And there's a ton of crap to see.  It'll always be incredibly busy with slow and confused people getting in your way but same with the rest of new york.
Overrated and a tourist trap. Though I can't get enough of the flashing lights! I love where it is and all the stores that surround it!! I love the huge toys r us and the Hershey's chocolate store. It's nice to come see everything here but it's not that mindblowing.
tourists everywhere!! that's what you get in times square. Still a cool place to show your friends if they're not from new york. I'd recommend taking them to M&M's world and Toys R US, take pictures in front of forever21's big billboard or go on the stairs at 47st  and take pictures of people and buildings. If you get hungry you can check out shake shack (famous burgers) yelp.com/biz/shake-shack… or Qi (thai food) yelp.com/biz/qi-bangkok-… or Hagi (japanese) yelp.com/biz/sake-bar-ha… if you're into something fancy you can check out The View (inside Marriott) it's a rotating restaurant, they do charge a cover fee unless you're staying at the hotel yelp.com/biz/the-view-re… If you want to walk further there are other good restaurants around 9th ave Pure Thai Cookhouse (thai) yelp.com/biz/pure-thai-c… Room Service (thai) yelp.com/biz/room-servic… super long wait and crazy popular Totto Ramen (Japanese) yelp.com/biz/totto-ramen… if you're into something local this will get your attention 53rd & 6th Halal Cart (long lines even late at night) yelp.com/biz/53rd-and-6t… As for stuff to do, there's bowling, karaoke, dave & buster's, believe it or not, movie theaters, shopping and all sorts of random activities you can find in the area.
When I was a kid growing up in suburban Jersey, I was drawn to this place.  When my sister and I were in high school and learned how to take the bus in, this is where we headed.  There's an instant energy you feel when you are surrounded by the giant lights and thousands of people.   That was then.  Now, I avoid traversing through Times Square like the plague.  Times Square is perhaps the city's #1 tourist destination - or at least it feels like it when you are there.  Everyone is on the sidewalks stopping to take photos.  They will stop anywhere, and you will have to weave your way through the tourists.  Its a pedestrian's nightmare. Additionally, b/c Times Square is a haven for tourists, it has lots of overpriced restaurants and other venues.  There are a lot of chain restaurants here (boring!).   Now, I don't want to bash tourists.  We all had a first time experience with Times Square.  I'm basing my rating on that first time experience when you gasp at the size and the lights and all the people.  I still get this sensation when I bring out-of-towners here, and I love the look of joy on their faces as they take it all in. As for me, I'm glad I don't work near there.  ; )
Jesus christ this place is a cluster f*ck if there ever was one.  If you want to fight crowds and other tourists from all over the globe, then this is the place to be!  Besides being 'that place' that everyone should go to at least once to get the 'New York' experience, there really isn't much here besides shopping, advertisements, endless camera shutter clicks, and full cabs.  Steer clear unless you haven't been.
I can check this off my bucket list as being visited. For all of the hype that it gets, it's not very much. It smells like piss and smoke , there are  hundreds of people walking everywhere, and drivers are assholes around here. But so are the pedestrians. I don't see what the allure is.
Okay. Directions: Get off the subway. Stare at the place in awe for 5 mintues. Walk down from 7th to 8th. Take lots and lots of pictures, including at least one with you in front of one of the jumbo marquees. All of this took me 30 minutes. I'm happy that I can now say I walked around in Times Square. At the same time though, it's like a mall in the suburbs, only 50 million times more monstrous. DO NOT eat here. Most of it is either a rip off, stuff you can get pretty much anywhere else in the whole entire country or some combo of those two. I saw quite a few nationwide chain stores that I like but I chose not to shop in them because I feel SO incredibly sorry for those poor, unfortunate souls who work in them. Oh, and having to check my pockets every time I was bumped into (which was every.....20 seconds?) was not very fun. I assure you, I am not all that negative a Nancy. I saw Times Square. I walked in Times Square. I took of a picture of me with the Coca-Cola sign in the background. I'm happy about all of this. I'm also happy that I don't need to do these things ever again.
I could only see it from the Taxi and it was an illuminated carnival of advertisements.  Really, New York looks SOOO much bigger on t.v.!  And Angelica is right, the endless crowds are unreal and if you don't keep up with the walking crowd you will get crucified by native new yorkers because you can stop the flow of foot traffic and cause a massive jam just like being on the freeway, or as my friend put it - "It's like swimming with the fishes!"
Jay-Z's song describes it perfectly: "There's nothing you can't do, now you're in New York These streets will make you feel brand new Big lights will inspire you, let's hear it for New York New York, New York" These bright lights during a cold, windy night aren't far from inspiring.  Lots of your typical mall-type franchise stores and restaurants, but I don't think that's not what stuck to me.The true city-girl feeling that made me feel giddy looking the sparkling lights is what I loved, definitely reminds me of the shopping districts in Tokyo or Hong Kong.  There were ads for Broadway shows along the main street, shows that brought back childhood memories, real nostalgic.
It's bright. It's so bright, you can probably see it from space. It's crowded. It's even worse when the Broadway shows let out. It's home to several oversized national chain restaurants. Unless these chains don't exist where you live, please, please don't eat at any of them. It's best to visit at night, hence all the crowds. It's okay to take pictures. Just don't stop in the middle of the damn sidewalk so you can take a picture of your family posing in Time Square. It's a must-visit for the first timer. Anybody else.... eh.
If you are a fan of shiny things then Times Square is the place for you!  I just love the energy that is in the air.  When we visited they were setting up for the New Year's Eve festivities.  It was amazing to see.  Keep in mind there are a lot of people here so tread with caution...
Times Square Summer Fair today - a one-day event from 47th to 57th with vendors and booths up and down the street. It was okay. The vendors sell alot of inexpensive junk (t-shirts, $3 bracelets, sunglasses etc.). There were stands for fried ice cream, gyros (chicken, beef, lamb), arepas, grilled corn, fresh cut up fruits, and cold drinks. Mostly greasy calorie-laden foods. Tourist trap. Also today, I saw the (white) Naked Cowboy talking to the semi-naked Candy Man (wearing what appeared to be a skirt of candy necklaces).
Ah Times Square. A jungle. A madhouse. A transition point. Iconic. Lights. Billboards. Tourists. Cops. Taxis. The natives obviously try to avoid Times Square. It's like Hollywood Blvd times 100. Too busy, any time of the year. However, there are a few important things in the area. Like TKTS at Duffy Square and all the subway stops/transfers. You gotta experience for yourself to understand the madness.
I saw Times Square both in the day and at night. My opinion as a first timer? Nothing special. It's just a bunch of lights and a crowd of people. I suppose it's just one of those places to come see and do the first time in NYC and get that customary photo opt.
This is the heart of NYC.  Well the tourist heart of the city.  I live in Brooklyn and avoid times square at all costs.  However I do make exceptions now and then and go to 42nd.  There are some great restaurants in the area and you can find cheap theater/comedy club tickets as well. Very crowded though. Its so crowded that you will feel like a sardine can or may even walk partially in the street because not everyone can fit on the sidewalk. (NYC sidewalks are huge btw).   You have not really experienced New York unless you went through times square.  Perfect place to take pictures and find interesting characters along the streets sides.
Avoid at all costs is right! Sheesh.....it's indeed crowded crazy almost always!  I used to work directly across the street from MTV's TRL and OMG talk about urges to murder ppl!  This is one hood I can bypass altogether! The only reason I'd ever dare step foot to TS is when I have tix to see a broadway show or am going to HK.
Unless you are a tourist and/or want everyone to know you're a tourist, avoid this area!!!
The name itself is great! It's one of the most popular tourist locations and if you blink, you may get lost due to all of the large crowds! So try to blend in and don't run around with so many "I LOVE NY," merchandise or have a camera dangling around your neck! Don't attract attention! Blend in with the Natives!I have to suggest wearing sunglasses because the lights and advertisements are so bright that it may blind you! You have to take photos at the red stairs in the heart of the square and if you see the cartoons running around in Times Square like, Minnie Mouse or Elmo, RUN! They won't let you take photo with them unless you pay! Why would I pay for that if I can just photoshop myself with Goofy for FREE! Make sure you make your way up all the way the red stairs to be on the Big Screen! It's so nice and you can finally brag to all of your family and friends back home... "I was on the Big Screen!" TIMES SQUARE = TIMELESS!
I don't know why Times Square needs my review up here because people will go there regardless of what is posted on yelp, but I'll chime in with my two cents anyway. Whether you're an avid New Yorker or a tourist coming to New York for your first time, Times Square is historic. It's a landmark. It's what we watch on television during New Years as the ball drops. It's the definition of urban. Of course it can get crowded or boring if you've been there multiple times, but it's what makes New York, New York. (Start spreading the news!)
I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 because this is nothing but a tourist trap crowded with tourists all the time. Being a native New Yorker and growing up in the 80's being that back then Times Square was a scary place. Times square is a totally difference now I am glad they cleaned it up but it is like Disney world now with all the lights and action down there but it looks good. But driving down there is a nightmare, I even hate walking down there. So it is good place for tourists to go on their visit to NYC because there is no place like.  I am writing this from a New Yorker's perspective who has to drive around the city all the time.
LOVED TiMES SQUARE!  Can't wait to go back soon! IT'S SIMPLY A MUST GO! What more can I say? Make sure you take lots of pictures, especially on the red stairs! Magical place, feels like you are in a dream!
Its a place you bring anyone who is visiting you and blind them with lights LOL Its fun to see tourists totally amazed and in awe of pretty much nothing Solicitors are the most obnoxious part If you have been here once you are done for life
So I had lunch at McDonald's, then walked two blocks south towards Times Square. I kind of entered Times Square from a different perspective. People like Thanh or Hiep didn't tell me how big and spralwing Times Square really is. It was crazy and overwhelming. And a bit smelly. And definitely dirty. I mean, they say it isn't 1970s-era dirty, but there was a bunch of construction going on and I couldn't really find a good spot to get the obligatory Times Sqaure photo. I probably looked like a total idiot when I was snapping a photo of myself awkwardly on one of the islands in the middle of Broadway and 43rd. So then I walked around Times Square. I think the thing I most remember about noticing in Times Square was the giant 42nd St.-Broadway subway station up top. It was like a big carnival booth with lights and a giant sign of the station name. Like, 20 feet away from the station was the NYPD Mobile Command Center, which was a little perturbing. Updated today: A much different perspective on Times Square this time around. It felt like the center of the world. It was like the Grand Canyon where you look at your surroundings and you feel like an insignificant speck. At least, that's how I felt today. I got a proper Times Square picture this time and was aware of where things were in Times Square.
Thank you Five Guys in Times Square! For 3 days my boyfriend and I had a great NYC mini vacation! We shared all sorts of yumminess, enjoyed shows, walked a ton, saw fabulous sites... Sunday night we finished our last night in the city- me with a bacon cheese burger with A1, him with a bacon double cheese burger with onions, mustard and mayonnaise, we shared some fabulous FF... 3 hours later he started throwing up and diarrhea... Yup, after 3 missed trains we almost made it home. 2 days later he still can't keep food or liquids down due to a Dr diagnosed bout of food poisoning! Five Guys- thanks for ruining our mini vacay and making my boy friend seriously sick and dehydrated!! :(
I get to give Times Square 4 stars because being a tourist, you can't not go to Time Square!  My mom - who is an uber typical tourist LOVED walking through the lights, vendors, and excitement. I can see how this gets old as a local.  It is crazy packed and congested.
I work in the area so I can tell you that it all depends on what time you are in Times Square. If you show up at around noon you can catch a lot of the tourist stuff going on pretty much until the late late night. Tourist buses, people stopping in the street to look up and point and take a picture.. or take a picture or someone else. People in the street promoting the newest broadway show or comedy show and trying to sell you tickets..It has its nice things about it since there is always something to do or see and something is always always always going on no matter what time you show up. I would not venture as a tourist too far away to lets say to 8th ave and start wandering around after hours however because the characters that show up on the sidewalks around those times are crazy. Keep that nice shiny smartfone and handbag/purse close to you and keep your eye on things going on around you at all times..do not let the bright lights blur your vision to what is really going on sometimes. Even seeing the remnants of the night prior strewn about Times Square at 6am on my way to work is kind of scary. At weird hours of the night I have been offered everything from Women to fake id's/social #'s/licences/drugs you name it... I have even been asked for cocaine by two drunk guys while i was standing outside of my job on my break while I was in Business wear! The skanky side of Times Square that was prominent in the 80s and early 90s has almost all faded away. There are a few "girls girls girls" places left and when I say few I really mean few in terms of a couple of decades ago however the same people from the area have not changed. The tourist trap stores are still there.. selling $15 web cams for $89.99+ etc. I remember when I was a child and saw some of my favorite NES games for sale in one of those stores for something ridiculous like $150.00+ and asked my mom why anyone would buy that here if they could just go to queens or something and get it for 1/3 that. I did not realize then that tourists would not know how to get to another borough to buy those items hence the term tourist trap.
It's Times Square! So yes it's bustling with tourists and they can get annoying. But it's Times freaking Square! If you're visiting NY you pretty much have to go. Plus you're a tourist too...so don't complain about it being touristy. You chill there for a bit, enjoy the sensory overload, then move on. There's not much more to it. But it's worth the trip.
I was inspired to write a review on Times Square after seeing last week's episode of How I Met Your Mother (HIMYM) It's the center of NY.  quintessential NY. What tourists think about when they think of New York (maybe the Statue of Liberty, but whatever) What Ted's friend punchy wanted to see and said, "Times Square is aweesome! They got billboards!" As much as folks bitch and complain about Times Square being for tourists, etc, can you imagine anything else being here?   You can't have Dick Clark/Ryan Seacrest's rockin New Years Eve in the middle of Central Park. Where you gonna stick those huge ass billboards?  The Brooklyn Bridge? Come on.  Those of you who hate the tourists, be thankful for TS since it keeps them out of your neighborhood. I like to take a stroll through here with my boo every now and then because it's always a new adventure and something else is there to try to get our attention.
Not as clean as when Rudy Guiliani cleaned it up but still a splectacular place to be. The lights, the noise, the people from all over the world. What an experience!
Write a review of Times Square? Sure, why not? I've worked just blocks away from Times Square for nearly 10 years but walk through very infrequently. Still when I do I think to myself "holy shit this place is wild." Go there and be awed.
How can you not like Times Square?  Ok, fine, it's always crowded, people are always walking slowly, and you get hassled by those guys that want you to buy comedy show tickets. But other than that, it's a pretty awesome place. I've been working here for years and I'm still not tired of it. There are plenty of restaurants (although they're a little expensive), tons of places to shop, and some nice Broadway shows to watch. If you're a tourist, I highly recommend you visit Times Square if you're in NY.
As a native New Yorker, my personal view of Times Square is much different than an average tourist. When I was younger I LOVED walking up Broadway. The sights, sounds, smells...it was all amazing to me. But as I got older, I realized how annoying this area can be and I learned to avoid it, especially if I had to be somewhere at a specific time. The crowds here will be unlike anywhere you have ever been before. During peak tourist season you will find yourself packed tightly against other people who are all taking very tiny steps towards their destinations, looking up in amazement, taking pictures and moving along the sidewalk at a painfully slow rate. Compound that with the obnoxious comedy club peddlers standing at every corner and the lack of any quality restaurants in the immediate area and you will find that there is simply no reason for anyone other than a tourist to be here unless it is absolutely necessary. But with that being said, I can still appreciate the excitement that Times Square shares with millions of people from around the world. It easy to figure out why this place is recognized internationally as a major tourist destination. The same things I loved about this place when I was younger, long before I became a jaded New Yorker, have not changed and they still resonate with people today. My advice for travelers would be to check out the area but do not waste valuable vacation time simply lolly-gagging around. There are so many other amazing things to do in NYC. Take your pictures, go into a couple of the stores if you must, then go and do something else. Also, as other people have stated, make sure you go at night and only eat in the restaurants as a last resort. There is absolutely nothing wrong with these establishments, but you are in New York, one of the greatest cities in the world. With a little research you can find something much better than Red Lobster or Bubba Gump Shrimp.
There's absolutely no way you can stand in the  middle of Times Square and not just be absolutely mesmerised. It's the most amazing place I've ever been, and is an iconic symbol of the world. Yes, it's a massive tourist trap with hundreds of vendors and ticket sellers, but seeing all the interactive screens and lights and theatres is amazing. It's so bright that even at night you can still see the sidewalk as if it's daytime. If you're looking to buy Broadway tickets, the TKTS booth underneath the huge bleachers is probably your best bet - some days certain shows have up to 60% discounts, but you can only buy discount tickets for same day purchases. There's also a plethora of stores and theatres that sit right on Times Square, making everything incredibly accessible. And 90% of things surrounding the square are open 24/7, or incredibly late, because having the ability to buy Aeropostale clothing at 2am might appeal to some people! A must see place that should be on everyone's bucket list!
Being from Chicago, the best thing about Times Square was that it made Chicago's Magnificent Mile seem pretty chill. But to me that's a good thing because I love Chicago. NYC Time's Square was AWESOME! Hand's down, but my gosh, lines around the corners for every restaurant and tourist-ee place like the M&M Store, Hershey's Store, Hard Rock Cafe (some that we have in Chicago) so I walked around, shuffled my way through the crowd, and enjoyed the live entertainment everywhere. But this place got me dizzy. It's more of a place to check out at night, it seems more beautiful with the screens everywhere but have a plan on where you want to go to eat and make reservations. For people that live in NYC like my cousin, he avoids Times Square and eating there because of how touristy it is and how it takes forever to get seated at a restaurant in the area. But of course, it was a good visit and I'd do it again if I came back.
Times Square is a great place for tourists to eat, check out the shops, Broadway shows, etc but it's a bad place if you just want to go from A to B without people standing in the middle of the sidewalk talking and taking pictures. Ugh!!!
What an awesome place! Times Square is a testament to consumerism and a city constantly willing to reinvent and improve itself. Times Square is massively crowded with tourists. The sheer magnitude of the crowds is a bit of a rush. The area is a grand mix of bright lights,  tourist throngs, people dressed up like Elmo or Spiderwoman trying to make a buck, and shops and restaurants catering to every whim. You can also find the discount broadway show ticket booth here. There are currently some street improvements taking place. Crossing streets can be treacherous as well. Times Square is well worth it. There is no cost to simply take it all in. Stay for five minutes or spend the day.
I begrudgingly love Times square; it's over the top in a way that makes me feel like I'm in the center of the modern world and at the simultaneously like I've fallen out of time. What don't I like about it then, you ask? The congested streets full of self-indulgent people who are having their "Times square moment" and don't care what's going on around them.  I get it; it's Times Square and it is in fact something to behold; I'm not on your vacation or your bender, so please don't give me the stink eye if I'm not keeping an eye open for who's picture I'm walking into because if you do I will make an unwelcome appearance in your photos on purpose the second time. I love Times Square on a slow night; Tuesday or a Wednesday when it's colder and there aren't as many people around, when less effort is required to be courteous and careful, when there are less distractions and more opportunity to appreciate what Times Square is.
Times square on new years eve is one of those things you need to do once in your life. Just remember to go to the bathroom beforehand or there will be consequences
Times square was better in real life than in all of the movies! It really does not compare. The downside being that it is always packed with people making it hard to walk but you're going to get that with attractions. Another downside was the amount of homeless and beggers around and also people trying to sell you things if I wanted to buy it I would please don't chase me down the street. Overall I recommended experience for new york travelers
Definitely spent New Year's Eve in Time Square. I would NEVER do that again, but I'm glad I did it with my friends. Bonding experience for a lifetime. Times Square is always a fun time. There are million things to do and it definitely has the "WELCOME TO NEW YORK" feel. They are a lot of tourists, so a lot of locals won't be here. It is expensive to eat in this area, but you won't be disappointed with the options especially with shopping. I tend to go to the movie theaters down the street from here and it's a great spot to meet up with friends. Very safe and a city that never sleeps :)
Very touristy.  Very commercial.  The beating heart of Broadway, filled with all kinds of people (and traffic) from all over the world who want to take in America's best city.  For me, I stay as far away from Times Square as possible, but it's a great place to go with someone who's never been and watch their eyes pop out of their head.
I love Times Square, especially at midnight when it's brightly lit and the place is a hive of activity. It's quite a site. Check out the view from the top of the red steps! Watch out for the cartoon characters. They encourage you to take photos of you with them and then tell you they expect a tip. Sneaky sneaky! Enjoy it!
I. don't. care.  Times. Square. is. awesome. There is no place on earth that looks like it, well, aside from Tokyo.  But, come on, to say that you can experience Tokyo within a few block radius within NYC, that's brilliant. It is a complete sh*tshow, especially at night.  But, here's my tip.  Go to the middle of Times Square and sit on the stoops and just stare down the street and watch the mega-screens, take your pictures, and be amazed.   Your senses will be in overload.  If you're a huge media buff, then this place is for you!   I had a blast.  Period.
Incredibly touristy but a must see at the same time.  However you can always find some secret gems in the area.  I was here on Election Night in 2008 and it will be a memory I will never forget.
Times Square (including Manhattan) reminds me of downtowns in Chicago, Manila, Hongkong, San Francisco. I'm from the Bay Area (SF) and it's more crowded in NY.,somewhat disappointing but it's expected for a city where the world meets. The red bleachers/steps are full of ppl just waiting for their faces to show on the big screen behind them (for everyone to see). Beware of ppl dressed up as characters like Mickey Mouse, Minnie, Elmo, Liberty statue, etc coz they'll ask you for $$ after you pose with them for a picture. Every street is one way, don't cross until you see the WALK sign. The vehicles won't slow down if it's their right of way. Check out Broadway St, a few blocks away. There are lots of shows to see, immerse yourself in the culture of music & history. There are TKT booths in Timesquare every morning where you can buy tickets for less price. Shopping is pricey but if you've got $$ to spend, go to 5th avenue instead where you'll find all the upscale brands only the rich can afford. But if you're looking for sales like me, go down on Broadway or Columbus Circle, or walk around the blocks. Food? hotdog stands and food carts are everywhere. No need to go to the expensive restaurants. You'll survive even with less $$. But if you're a foodie and a culinary tester like me, restaurants at Hell's Kitchen are worth trying (I've checked some of the reviews on yelp). Hotels? Pretty pricey. If you'd like to pay less, better stay outside the downtown area & then take the subway towards Manhattan. It will just be more walking for you but either way you'll get the NY downtown experience. What disappointed me was the amount of trash that the stores throw outside for the garbage truck to pick up the next morning. It was so crowded on the streets that there's hardly any dumpsters. The streets looked trashy at the end of the day. Taxi cabs are everywhere & they have meters and credit card readers to pay for your ride. You can also ask for a receipt. Better to walk than take a taxi unless your destination is a mile away then better take the subway. NYC is a fun place to visit. It's a new experience for me. What I've seen, did & learned about Times Square I will never forget. Would love to come back. Thanks to my husband Greg who lived here before & was an excellent tour guide. I got lucky!
Wow, riksha bike cab at 1am on a Saturday night. One of the coolest things I've ever done. You have to try it to believe it. Millions of people, so many lights it's like daytime and the riksha bike driver weaving through traffic like he owns the place. Absolutely amazing.
Oy, vey..... exit the station, turn a left to see that large central lit building, look at the lights along the way, and avert eyes when passing the vendors and artists. For real... it's fun and I guess you HAVE to do it at least once as a tourist, but it's a hard place to be at night. Thank goodness my cousin was a great sport and took me through the crowds. But as a place to linger and take photo-ops? Fuhgeddaboudit! Yikes....with the swarms of people all around me,  i was ready to retire for the day after checking it off my list of NY things to do.
What a cool place and a modern/historical landmark! Yes, this place is a total tourist attraction, but you simply can't go to NYC without visiting Time Square. Now, I wouldn't be caught dead here on New Years Eve as I've heard some horror stories from friends, but on a weekday, it's surprisingly manageable. The neon lights is definitely a bit cheesy, and the performers on the streets can be a bit annoying, but it's all in good fun!
Here's the thing about Times Square: -Accessible by a dozen or so subway lines -Tourists, foreign languages and crowds -Big business -Over-priced Nuts-4-Nuts -Over-priced everything else -New Years Eve world-famous festivities -Prime location with great proximity to other things (Bryant Park, Penn Station, etc.) -Great photo-ops -Broadway (theaters) -Cool billboards and advertisements -Nice seating areas for workers to have lunch outside -Police officers on horses and tourists taking pictures of them -Mascots and characters dressed up and tourists taking pictures of them -Dirty sidewalks and tourists taking pictures of them It's the face of the city, and it's a beautiful face to have.
The first time I was in NY was August of 2008. I found the Times Square area obnoxiously loud and too busy for me.  That being said on my last trip in May I hesitantly went back and was pleasantly surprised it was busy but not insane like I remembered. Perhaps because it was a Sunday morning. The area with the TKTS booth is really nice now with the bleachers. The chain stores and restaurants still are not my thing but it's not as bad as I remember.
Eh, TS is the iconic stable of NYC.  TONS of things to see and places to check out.  Absurd prices to hook tourists into buying garbage.   Things to do 1) Take a standard tourist pic 2) Take a pic with the naked cowboy/girl 3) Visit the swatch store and the M&M Hershy joint 4) Get a hot dog 5) Get the hell out.   NYC has so much more to offer than a congested tourist trap.  Mind you there are really NO good places to eat around here directly in TS.  Read some of my other Yelp review and plan your trip a head of time.  Visit some of the other out lying neighborhoods and explore the city.  There is no need to stay directly in one spot and have to fight the crowds.
I'm so not impressed.....I was quite disappointed, after having made the 8 plus block walk to Times Square in 80 plus degree weather....I don't know what I was expecting, but I didn't see much. I guess I expected to gush and be like "OHhhh, it's looks JUST like it does on T.V.".....suffice it to say, I'd rather see it on the tube.... I walked around, wandered in a Gap, wandered out (I did that to basically get into some AC) and walked back to my hotel...total waste of time....
Super crowded all the time. But it is Times Square. A must go for tourists. There's always something interesting to see around here, whether it's strange people or just all ads/lights. I love sitting on the red staircase.
I've experienced better, not something I look forward to visiting again.. just your basic tourist spot I've seen more lights on the vegas strip then time square. Im not a fan, but it was cool walking around , and the best time to visit around summer June-july because its not cold and i love the summer breeze. Just to get around New york is a hassle and so expensive take the subway its cheaper and more convenient then taxi's . We took the taxi back to long island geez louise over a 100 bucks spent way too much and not that much fun
Just NO. I understand this is supposed to be the center of the universe and all, but I didnt like it one bit. I felt like I was in a club, hot ass body heat and clearly its outdoors. This, for me is a big no. I did it once and that is good enough for me. PS, Im totally clausterphobic, hense why I didnt enjoy this.
times square, a super crossroad in nyc where you generally encounter a large,  confusing crowd.  this is where the iconic ball drops at midnight on new year's and the crowd (whether present or on watching on tv) goes crazy.  it also home to many of the world's most popular broadway shows. but enough of what most of the world already knows, i feel i should write about some new developments here (or at least, new to me since i haven't lived here in a few years). they've now blocked off broadway from 42nd-47th streets to pedestrian only traffic (cars, buses, taxis, etc must re-route themselves to side streets).  this new promenade features a set of bleachers smack in the middle of the crossroad where tourists/residents/anyone can sit and just enjoy the view (or chaos) in times square.  unfortunately, it is still as crowded as ever, no matter the time of day.  while i don't think this new super-sidewalk has eased congestion, it is certainly nice to be able to walk this strip without the fear of being hit by a vehicle or angering a driver. despite the craziness and chaos that is times square, this is the heart of nyc and this is where the world comes together.
Ahh, beautiful Times Square. This bright hotspot is located in the heart of the city. The lights and the buildings are amazing to look at. The night life there is also exhilarating as well.  The restaurants you can't beat. If your looking for a fun day in the city, Times Square is where you should go!
I miss the Times Square of the 1970's and 1980's, the grit and slight feeling of danger.  The neon lights and XXX theatres, the prostitutes and freaks- man, it was pretty cool!  There was a hotdog counter located in front of one of these theatres and I remember watching the same fry cook over the years, and wondering if he was really happy.  He looked exhausted and spent. My dad would drive down from Yonkers, with us in tow, to a Gyro place which was such a treat- I still remember the cobblestone sections of the West Side Highway.  Driving over these, always made me wonder when the construction would finally be over.  Sometimes we'd go to Tad's Steakhouse, and in those days, it was actually decent. Nowadays, it's all fast-food joints and places to spend money on souvenirs and gewgaws.  Ironically, it seems pretty safe, even at 3:00 in the morning.  I know because I've been here at 3:00 in the morning and marveled at the tourists and their excitement for this place.  There are so many businesses still open at that time.   If you're planning a trip to NYC, please make a point of stopping by- you'll feel the energy that makes this city one of the best in the world.
I'm from ny, and I have the appropriate disdain of midtown in general, times square in particular. However, I don't live in ny now, but was back for a few days and wandered briefly through times square, and gained a kind of appreciation. I thought of being a tourist overseas and I realized how stunning ts is. The sound and light pollution and crowds, which I generally avoid like the plague, are also pretty spectacular, and its worth reminding myself of that every once in a while. The delish, fast, affordable food situation is still positively abysmal, which is sad for ny.
When I think of Manhattan, there are few spots that are more iconic than Times Square. As a kid, I had always dreamed of visiting the Square because I had seen it in movies all the time. Every year we used to watch the New Years celebrations on tv, and every year I wished I was there when the ball dropped. Fast forward to the present day. Now that I've actually been there and seen what it's like in person, I can honestly say that one of my dreams have been fulfilled. Oddly enough, I feel like seeing it once is enough for me. I don't do very well in crowded places, and boy is it crowded in Times Square. Everyone that's been there has mentioned how crowded it can get, but nothing can prepare you for the reality of experiencing it in person. I saw the lights, I saw the street artists, I saw the red stair case that all kinds of people just hang out on. And I'm glad I did, although I'll probably pass on visiting the Square from here on out.
Like most out of towners, my first NYC experience took place here. On 2 occassions my friends and I drove all the way to NYC at like 1am(randomly, something to do haha, we're from a boring little town where nothing is really happening at 1am), and wandered Times Square. My first time was February of 2005. We stopped in a McDonalds...not the really big one...the other one. And it was so cool sitting there at 2am, virtually the only people there. When walking outside, there were very few people...basically we had the place to ourselves, and that was awesome. On our second visit, after wandering Times Square a bit, we were approached by an attractive blonde with an Umbrella telling us to go to a comedy club in the basement of TGI Fridays. That we did, and it was fun. I've been here in the day as well. Being here in the day is not as fun, its overly crowded, and just too touristy...but I'm giving this place 4 stars for the memories. P.S. Don't talk to strangers!!!! I see tourists randomly talking to the people who stop you and say "can I ask you a question?"...do not let them ask you anything!!, just act like they don't exist and keep walking as if you are a new yorker...this applies to Canal street too. :-)
Big city at its best/worst - lots of stuff to see, interact with, spit at...it all depends on you, baby!
Seeing this place for real versus watching it on TV many times over is a real fuzz, I think.  Day and night, neons, billboards, and people are mixed in all over the place.  It's like someone rounded up all the tourists and put them all here, mostly posing for pics and hanging out here and there.  That includes me, of course (wasn't my idea, I got roped into coming here again and again, I swear).   After a while of being here, you begin comparing the place to watching someone do a standup comedy routine: the first time you hear the joke, you laugh your butt off because you think the guy is really funny.  The second time, you still laugh, but you start thinking and connecting the funny dots.  The third time you hear it, you wonder why you thought the comedian's material was even funny all this time.  That's Times Square for you!
Most dreaded words uttered from out-of-town guests: 1. "I want to see Times Square." 2. "I want to take the ferry to the Statue of Liberty." 3. "I want to go to the top of the Empire State Building." That said, Times Square can actually be charming. Try New Year's Eve, well after the ball drops. If you time it right, it'll be after the crowds have dispersed and confetti is still fluttering around in the air.
What can you say about Times Square? There is really nothing like it! Consumerism at it's worst, or best, perhaps?  10-foot billboards and lights furiously flashing what you must have, need to buy, need to see... But, there is just something iconic about Times Square that keeps us coming back.  The outreagousness of it all, I suppose.  Sort of like Las Vegas: completely over the top.  The heart of the city that never sleeps. You can't help but stop to take a picture, even though the locals want to spit at your feet and the speeding cabs want to run you over. I must say that my daughter loves the Toys-R-Us store with its indoor ferris wheel (yes, seriously!) and 5 floors of every toy imaginable. I haven't ventured in many more of the stores in the area, but I'm sure they're just as tempting. They've closed off a couple of the streets to allow for more street performers; more opportunity for photos.  There are even some lovely large flower pots for extra color in your already technicolor photos! If you want a break from it all, stop by the Marriott Marquis and take the elevator to the Broadway lounge.  You can enjoy a cocktail and watch it all from above. What can I say... it's wild, it's incredible.  I'll be back... time and time again.
Tons of people, performers, sales folk and cameras errywhere!  One of the most iconic places you can visit in the U.S.  in one of the most entertaining cities.  Make sure your batteries are charged, huge crowds of tourists await you here.  If you can make it through the throngs of people, there is tons of stuff to do here!  Pricey, but what else do you make money for, right?
I try to avoid this place. Must see if you're a tourist. Times Square to NYC is like Hollywood/Highland to LA. Ew.
Crazy place but so much fun. Glad that I finally made it here. Keep your valuables close here as there are a bajillion people (yes that is a number in New York) here waiting to prey on easy tourists. If you really want to, you can pose with anyone from Elmo to the Statue of Liberty, to the Naked Cowboy. Although I chose to pose just with myself, it was amazing to be a part of such energy and in this surging sea of humanity. Even if you think consumerism and commercialism are the ultimate evils of the world, on display here in royal format, just go to Times Square. Why the heck wouldn't you?
The city that never sleeps huh? pretty accurate actually. There are so many electric billboards, it actually feels like if it was still daylight. I once walked out amc theatre at 9pm and thought the clock in my phone was broken. It only gets even more crowded at night and thats were the fun begins too. ToysRus, Hershey Factory and all these gourmet restaurants are just bits of a bigger cake you get to enjoy when you visit Manhattan. It is just like hoe they portrait it in the movies. It is a perfect area to spend your night with your couple. An afternoon at the movies, followed by a dinner at Applebee's would be a good date already. But then you get a pit-stop at the countless caricaturist, a night comedy show at LOL comedy club followed by a quick trip to ToysRus ferry wheel just kills it. The only set back is of course, the crowd. But then again, its nyc. :) Definitely another MUST GO along with Bryant Park, which is by the way a few blocks away.
Watching the ball drop for New Years eve in Times Square has been a lifelong dream of mine. This year I got to make that a reality. It is every bit as insane and fun as you see on TV. The billboards light up the sky as fireworks are shot off of buildings, air force daredevils buzz overhead and over 1 million drunk people are moved out of a seven block radius by the NYPD. Then the real fun begins! Street fights and drunk people falling through windows while the authorities laugh it off because apparently this is how New York a parties! Even when you come back to see it on a non-holiday, Times Square is busy and overflowing with excitement and plenty of sites to see! It is what you expect though, so take it that way. This is mass commercialism at it's most hardcore. Everything is overdone and everyone (and I mean everyone, legit or not) is after your wallet! So good luck, enjoy, be careful and have fun. This is a once and a lifetime experience at your fingertips!
Not a tourist trap!  Out of all places to visit in America if your Walking the Streets of NY in Times Square your in for a spectacle.  Non stop shopping, the ESPN Zone, Restaurants, Shopping, and so many unique things happening not to mention all of the talk shows and other happenings. Everyone needs to visit here once in there life at least!
It's a must-see for tourists. It's visible all the way down/up 7th Ave, and I often use it as a reference point at night (look for the whitish-blue glow and you can instantly know which way is north/south). Go sit on the red stairs for an experience in people-watching from one of the world's most recognizable tourist attractions. If you're a tourist, I recommend walking around here for a bit, but finding somewhere else to eat, as the prices are jacked up because of the location. If you must eat here, the asian restaurant above Olive Garden is quite nice. If you're not a tourist, you already know to avoid this place at all costs, unless you want your commute to last 4x longer due to the people who not only walk in extremely slow crowds, but also stop every 2-3 seconds to take a picture or gawk. If you wish to avoid this, I recommend going over an avenue to 6th or 8th and walking down that way. But you already knew that. Solid 3 stars: 5 for a tourist location; 1 for everyone else who lives here who has to deal with it.
Time Square's the true mecca of Corporate-Capitalism; Wall Street's a close second, but Times Square isn't really different from a shattered peasant society. When you walk through Times Square, you don't have a face, you're not human -- you're a mindless, trained-drone lost in a maze of commercialization. If you're a Martian looking down, then you probably get it. I mean, its got everything you need to advance progressively in an Industrial society, so let's see the positives: - Inflation - Advertisements - Corporations - Mega-Conglomerates   - The smell of piss in every Corporate-chain restroom. - Ziomedia-propaganda blaring endlessly on gigantic screens and billboards. - Consumerist-drones (some call them 'tourists') absconding towards their next useless consumption i.e., gift shopping for a coffee cup that says "I love New York", or some other generic gift to bring back 'home' (wherever that may be). - There's homelessness all over NYC, in general, but you'll find yourself hopping over a number of homeless people here. And obviously the locals seem not to like it, but they don't loathe it, they're okay with mining tourists into the 'trap'. It's really a trap, whether you like it or not. If you're a passive-observer of tawdry stuff, you'll be fine. If you want the true Times Square, you have two options: A) Get in touch with Christopher Lloyd and negotiate a deal to transport yourself back to the year 1872. or B) Take a stroll at Zuccotti Park.
Times Square is one of those things that you have to see, to feel and experience. It is something that you can say later on that you went to Times Square. Having said that, I now know why the locals stay away. It is great to catch a Broadway and off Broadway show. Its neat to see the Ferris wheel inside Toy's R Us, but after that it just become another crowded intersection full of tourists and pan handlers. I am glad I went there but after seeing it once I wouldn't do it again, with one exception, new years eve.
Lights. Cameras. CROWDS. Times Sq is one of the most recognizable attractions/locations in the world. With the hustling and bustling city that never sleeps... it's bound to be a feeding zoo for tourists. I'm not going to lie, it's an exciting place to visit. But for someone that frequents the city, I try to avoid here as much as possible. There's no way you can walk even 5 feet without someone taking a picture, running into a creepy cartoon mascot or trying to swim through a giant crowd. It's expensive and can be a bit overwhelming. I suggest if you're meeting people, pick a specific location. Otherwise, you'll get lost in it all. (I recommend the iconic red steps.) Stray away from restaurants right in the heart of Times Sq. They are waaay overpriced. Head over a couple of ave to 9th ave. Great restaurants at decent prices. Go here if you: -Want to see some interesting characters. (I mean literally and figuratively.) -Touristy attractions. -Giant brand name stores. ***-I recommend getting those discounted broadway tickets! TKTS booth is where it's at. It's never a dull moment. If you come at the right time when it's not crazy crowded. You can truly stop and look at the beauty NYC has to offer.
Joseph D. wrote the following: "Bright, crowded, and loud.  It's a place worth checking out due to the sheer spectacle." That pretty much sums it up. There are no special stores here where you'll find anything cheap or uncommon, it's all the usual stores but bigger. No special restaurants here, Unos and Fridays and the usually crap. Nothing special or interesting to learn about this place. No real good bars either. But hell, it IS Times Square. The best thing about it- There's a silver painted man who stays still unless you put a dollar in his bucket. Then he acts like one of those old robotic banks that moves when you give it money. Quite amusing. Worst thing about it- Beggars. Is it a bit heartless that I said it? Sure. But it doesn't mean having people nag you to give them your money for no other reason than they want it is any less annoying. Go earn it like that mime did, he was awesome.
What? How can Yelp average be 3 stars? I mean, you're just standing there looking at things! And the things you look at are pretty cool! Bright lights, glowy things, lots of people, excitement., Naked Cowboy.. what else is there to ask? This is America, this is New York!! I think it deserves all 5 stars. USA!!
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star. Friedrich Nietzsche This place has given birth, no doubt, to 10,000 dancing stars. One of those top 100 things before you die type bucket list destinations that, once you get there, will not impress you so much as annoy you. It's sardine crowded and the reason is not obvious as there is not much to do in this tourist mecca. You have to do it though, in the way that you have to do a marathon and/or sky dive. Many things are taped/filmed here, including any number of New Year's Eve specials. In many ways, NY is Times Square, but such a view is probably limited and a disservice to one of the best cities in the country. Definitely head there and try the Nuts for Nuts cart--them there nuts are piping hot and tasty, but escape after you glimpse it.
Once upon a time, I spent a lot of time in Times Square. How the hell did I do it? Between the insane amount of the worst kind of tourists (put away your gd subway maps & cameras, please) and the insulting amount of chain restaurants, my blood pressure rises dangerously even thinking about this place. As a Don Draper in the making, though, I love the advertising. So there's another star.
Not the biggest fan of Times Square...more of a Chelsea type fan...still, who doesn't like Time Square?
It's funny that Times Square is supposedly such a "quintessential" representation of New York City when it's really not, at all. Very touristy, very gimmicky, lots of people trying to sell you overpriced shit, a whole ton of chain stores (Best Buy, Disney Store, McDonald's, etc) -- there's nothing unique or interesting here. It's worth a stop just to say you've been, and there's certainly some cool theaters and things nearby, not to mention it's a feast for the senses -- lights, noises, people, things to gawk at at every turn. It's a cool experience but I don't have any plans to go back.
I am in love with TS. I don't do here to go shopping or to go to dinner - I know NOT to. When I think of Times Square, those two things do not even come to mind. I couldn't care less what restaurants are or are not there. Like many people who live in NYC, I am a transplant. I was once an "annoying" tourist. And who cares? Tourists are part of what keeps this city going. I want to live in the best city in the world, so why wouldn't they want to visit? Am I defending tourists? I better stop while I am ahead... I go for the lights and the excitement. I am blind to tourists. I love to go late at night. There's of course tons of people, but not as many as there were at 2pm. It never gets old to me.
first off, i do not like to be close to strangers and im not a huge fan of overly hyped tourist meccas.  i also like to think i have good taste, or at least not bad taste.   times square is not that bad.  i think that all that stuff that the city or target or whoever did with the red steps and the lawnchairs is so cool.  and going somewhere that you have seen on tv and in movies isnt that bad either!
Times Square is worth going at least once on a first timer's trip to  NYC.  What can be seen on TV really doesn't convey the entire breadth of what is going on there.  From the sounds of people to the smells of the roads, I slowly made my way to the area right outside Toys R Us.   I  took one look in both directions around me and I absorbed the enormity and breadth of all the video screens surrounding me and all the neon signs lit up everywhere.  Every chain restaurant from Applebees to Olive Garden flashing their lights wanting me to enter their establishments.  Guys on the streets panhandling for money to buy weed...no lie, they have it on their sign.   I'm glad that I came here because now I have a mental picture as to how crazy this place can be during the New Year's Eve celebration.  I can just imagine the subways at 12:01am!  Ridiculous.
So many diff kinds of people! Makes you realize how big this world is!
Times Square is one of the most famous places in America. Everyone passing through NYC makes a stop by here at some point. I'm not sure what all the excitement is about, looking at all those flashy signs and advertising. We have billboards, building wraps, and LCD signs at home. Sure, it's fun to see the New Years Eve ball atop the building, even in summer. And yes, I loved seeing the adverts for Broadway shows, and the ticket information scrolling for tonight's shows. Of course, no visit to Times Square is complete without a wink from the Naked Cowboy, or a hug from the kid carrying around the "free hugs" sign. (I hugged him pretty tight. I think he's charging for them now...)
Whether you are a tourist or a native New Yorker, you have to come out and see Times Square. The lights, the people, the energy that is New York is right here in the heart of the city. Of course you have to deal with the massive crowds. Even at close to midnight this place is still jammed packed with people, and with all the lights from the billboards, it feels like the sun never sets inTimes Square. Check out the Disney Store, Toys R Us and ride the indoor ferris wheel, Dave & Busters, catch a movie, check out the M&M store, it's endless what you can see and do.
Depending on time of year and day, can be absolutely packed with people.  Neon signage everywhere 24hours a day.  Variety of weirdos begging or performing for  gratuities.   The area has been resurrected in the past couple of decades.  Rheaters restored, thriving business, and hotels, for blocks and blocks.  The whole area is safe,  as long as you use common sense.  Subway stops and shuttle to Grand Central Terminal for ease of transportation.
Just about the flashiest place in NYC with all the neon and lights. I like some of what they are doing with the patios and walkways they are creating but it seems kind of unsafe being that close to moving traffic in some spots. The great thing is its free to walk around but its a tourist trap.
When I used to think of NYC I think of Times Square. I think it's because I learned about this city mostly through the eyes of MTV studios - I watched a lot of TRL in my middle school days! But from years of watching shitty TV, I learned to associate NYC with Times Square, so of course it was high on my list of sites to visit. And I must say, I was impressed. Despite all the tourists, the place really has a lot of character. So many shops, people, cameras, lights - there's a lot going on, just like you'd expect. You can even see all the lights from the top of the Empire State Building it's that bright! It's definitely worth a stop if you've never been to NYC before, but unless you're here to get show tickets for Broadway, I don't see much reason for locals to come around. Unlike my previous beliefs, Times Square isn't like the Las Vegas strip & it actually closes down at a certain hour. After a night at the bars in K-Town around 3:30am, we walked here expecting to see a spectacle, but it was a ghost town! So steer clear of here on your late late night adventures!
A tourist trap that employs thick legged girls  in tight skirts that revise your tip billing. Yes. You read that right. The food was so-so, overpriced and service slow. We tipped less than 10% as a result and when the transaction came through the bank we found that that they changed it to 20%!  Stay the hell away.
this place would be much better if they can kick out half of the tourists there. Went there twice for the ball drop. the first year (2009-10) I was standing on the south side of the building which means I stayed there for 12 hours for nothing. Bummer Then here was I again trying to rest my curiosity for that ball in Dec 31th 2010. with the very unhelpful guide from NYPD (which is sameas LAPD), people who arrived early were pushed to the 8th Ave and had to give up their spots. A cop was telling us his pen was full while some others were letting people in several fts away. He was questioned why not letting us in, and he said "I don't know, I'm not the one doing it (letting people in the pen)" Luckily we were in the pen 2 blocks away from the ball and I saw it rose up. oh wait it was really tiny. totally a terrible expierence just to stay in the freezing cold for 12 hours and hear Kesha sang her same songs 3 times ending with "Back to you Ryan". Ahh and so it finally came to 12 o'clock and TWO blocks away from the ball, it just disappeared in front of me. I never saw it dropped... and the kissing part was less emotional than last year's (I almost cried the first time I was there) ADVISE: go book a room at the Marriot (around 2000 with the view) and STAY in the room to watch the ball.
Wow...so energetic, so bright at night, so crowded, so cool, so NY, so tourist-y, so amazing! Times Square was everything I imagined it to be, but better, There are so many cops around, I felt safer there than walking in San Francisco. Totally stupendous experience...I can't wait to go back!
I am not sure if Time square is a place i would go out of my way for. It stands for everything i dont like: Flashy, consumption, spending and nothing of great substance here. Please go to Ellis Island, visit a museum, go to broadway and see a show - dont just come here and think this is NY. We got stuck going here to buy my wife a coat, she didnt pack a coat and suckered me into going to time square. Loud, bright, cold, expensive. Not my cup of tea.
Times Square is WAY more than I ever thought possible!  I had an Eye-Gazum just looking at everything trying to take it all in!  Once you've looked at the BIG PIC you can then start to see the fine, minute details of the buildings and people.  The 2012 ball was still a top the "Walgreens" bldg.. (i say that because i didn't get the name).. The street venders are among the best i've seen in all my travels - most impressive were the spray paint artists.. I swear i'm going back to buy 4 of the pieces.. None the less we seemed to stop in Times Square every time we left the area (Downtown/Uptown) wherever.. Times Square was the spot to end up if only for more awesomeness to look at and experience!  I would recommend going on a week day to see it with less of a crowd but as you may have figured out the weekends is when more things are going on.. Either way it's a blast!
Nowhere near as exciting as the Shibuya stop of Tokyo or as visually scintillating as the Picadilly Circus juncture in London, but still Times Square is the US equivalent... and I know how Americans like being #1 and all that, so a solid 4. Bright lights, bodies, and tall buildings contribute to a sensory overload, but sometimes it's just plain frustrating (as opposed to the wonder and awe that the other aforementioned famous sites are able to generate).  Maybe I'm just used to NY, or it's just the truth, that Times Square offers little substance and just plain spectacle to an already (somewhat) garish city.   Seriously, there is no real reason to ever be in or around Times Square.  Shopping selection be damned, the culinary choices are "meh", and while it could be argued to be a good people watching kind of place... watching tourists doesn't seem all that interesting to me. I will say that it is fun to bike through this part of town... if I ever recover from this wrist injury.  Anyway 3 stars... and the obligatory +1 star because I'm not gonna let the Japanese or the Brits have something better than us Americans (even though they totally do... not to mention that Hong Kong did a pretty badass job with Causeway Bay).
Pros: Bright lights Sexy Women New  Year's Eve (I've never been there in person since I don't like crowds, but seeing the ball descend is so cool) The Marvel-themed mascots Cons: Police horses think Broadway is a toilet Naked Cowboy I miss Broadway City (any New Yorker born before 1990 knows what I'm talking about)
Oh dear lord, I cringe every time I have to walk through Time's Square.  I don't think the area has a single redeeming quality: the tourists, the bad food, the near-perpetual daylight...awful, all of them.  The only thing the area has going for it is that's it's close to Bryant Park and St. Andrew's (best Scotch bar in the City is on 44th).
My pals and I visited Times Square on a recent Friday afternoon. It was every bit the social hub I remembered from my visit 12 years ago. If your experience with Times Square is limited to New Years Eve on TV, you'll be glad to know it wasn't as cramped as you'd expect. I love seeing all the billboards, especially for the various Broadway shows. There are restaurants (both independent and chain), tourist shops, clothing and makeup stores, and plenty of space to just hang out and enjoy the buzz around you. Several dress up characters (think Puss in Boots, Elmo and Iron Man) comingle with painted robot folks and the "Naked Cowboy," which is now a franchise, not just a man. Don't forget your token photo with the hustle and bustle of the city behind you. P.S. If you go at night, you get the billboards and building signs lit up.
All the bright lights, traffic, and roamig people remind me of a Japanese city...like Shinjuku or Ginza.  We ate dinner and when we looked out the window at 8:30, it was actually brighter than it was at dusk.  That was kind of weird. It's a great pace to people-watch, but it's way crowded.  We also smelled some raw sewage or decomposing trash.  That was nasty.
Really touristy, but what the hell; it's still beautiful at night. My cousin and I came on our first night in NYC and it was so surreal. It does get really crowded on the weekends, but when we went on Thursday night around 9, it wasn't too bad. Also, located here is the TKTS stand where you can get 50% off shows. If you're visiting, give it a try!
It's a cool place to stroll through. Always very busy. I wouldn't bother eating anywhere too close because if you walk about 2-3 blocks south, north, east, or west, you'll find better food for a more reasonable price.
Ok, I didn't see the naked cowboy but, I did see the almost naked cowgirl.  It was so funny, this lady just starts undressing in the middle of Times Square and starts playing her guitar. People just stopped right where they were to stare.   I loved Times Square.  Since I was a little girl this was the place I wanted to go.  I do have to say, my expectations of NY were really high, maybe that's why I didn't enjoy it as much (the city as a whole) as I thought but, again, I do love Times Square - the lights, the stores, fast paced...  definitely and experience.  Been there twice and still brings a smile to my face.
I loved pretty much everything about New York, even Times Square. I sure as HELL wouldn't want to be here on New Years Eve but I'm still glad I went here and I'll go here again. Yeah, it's full of tourists but so are a lot of places. This isn't nearly as bad as anywhere in Vegas! I agree, people could walk FASTER and not stop DIRECTLY in front of you when you're walking but again, there are worse places to be. I'm especially fond of the entrepreneurial gents who hawk their bootleg purses on sheets, oh how I wish you hadn't had to run away from the cops right when I was ready to buy! I do wish I could've been here in the days before it was Disneyfied but WTH, you gotta go at least once in your life!
Whatever haters of touristy hotspots.  Why do you have to hate so much?  Just think about it if you went to say Paris or London or any other major city - would you make it your goal to visit THE spot to see, after you've heard about it all your life?   That's what Times Square is.  Just a spot that everyone has heard mystic wonders about, where international people see on New Years....They want to savor in that area, and it wouldn't be as amazing if there weren't gobs of people just standing around doing nothing.   Why am I, a Yelper, Yelping Times Square you say?  I say, Why Not!
I can't roll with anything less than 5 stars for Times Square. It's a New York institution (if an area can be classified as an 'institution') that brings millions of people from all over the world each year. The revenue from this 10-block radius keeps the economy spinning and is always alive and there's always something going down here. Not just the touristy things, but also a lot of local NYC flavor. Street shows, protests, NYers watching big events on the jumbotrons. Do I avoid this place like the plague? Yes, 99% of the time. There are plenty of better places in the city to go to for dinner, drinks, excitement, etc. But Times Sq. is a huge part of what NY is, and I think everyone needs to see it at least once in a lifetime. Plus, if you were from Altoona, Nebraska and it was your first time in NYC, do you think you'd venture out to many non-touristy places? Doubt it. You all know you went to the Champs Elysees when you were in Paris, too.
What's the big deal? There nothing all that special, it's a city and there's some lights. Ii guess if you go for nye eve I'm sure it's prolly going to be fun. There are some cool thing around the square, but nothing all that special. It's a place to visit just to say you went there, there's so much more to do then hang out in Times Square.
I bet traffic is worse where I am than where you are. Don't be in a car near Times Square right now.
I can rate times square itself as a whole?  haha IM going to have to think about this one for a min before I make any decision.. I think its the same for many, when you come to NY for the first couple times the lights paralyze you and you are just standing in the middle of the road oohing and ahhing over everything thats there.. As time passes and you move to NY and live in the city, you are hardly there at all anymore. Thats basically my whole story in a nutshell. From time to time though I find myself there when I have friends from out of state come and visit me.   Its just the experience of STANDING IN TIMES SQUARE especially if its for new years or something important like that. ( I must say , I have tried that challenge and have not come out victorious... yet..) Its just some place you have to go if you are a tourist.  Enough said.
If Vegas, Hollywood, and Chicago all got drunk and had an orgy, New York would be their lovechild.
I always wanted to go to the Times Square. It's an amazing feeling to be standing in the middle of the square at night and just feel the amazing rush of energy there. There are always so many people and so many things going on, huge LCD/LED screen displays, people on costume, tourists. Take a seat and just people watch, its interesting, hilarious. Make sure to visit the tourist center close by, which has the big crystal ball. There are a ton of restaurants, street carts, shopping stores, thrift stores for souvenirs etc around.
Awful place to be. Times Square has become such a tourist attraction that I actually feel that Times Square has lost it's magic. Yes, the lights, stores, street performers, etc makes Times Square a great historical place but honestly I don't recommend anyone to go here at night. It's a mess. There are so many people here that you can easily get lost from your party or group. There are the normal restaurants you can go to (McDonalds, Olive Garden, etc) anywhere but you end up paying NYC prices as others have mentioned. I liked that they sectioned off a part of Times Square so that traffic doesn't go through and there is seating and table areas but even so it is EXTREMELY crowded. Times Square has lost it's magic for me.
Times Square was quite the experience, but way overrated. It's definitely one of those places you go to once, just to say you did it, and then you don't have to go back. We just didn't like the element there, way too touristy. It's like everything bad you ever read or heard about tourists in NYC, all congregated and bumping-into you, etc. I guess it's something "free" that people can do at night. All the restaurants in the area were either big chains (nothing wrong with that, just nothing very unique) or tourist-trap type places. There were definitely a few interesting stores that we visited, so that was a big plus.
I have been to times square numerous times.. I have mixed feelings about what was done to the area.
You have got to hate it but you have got to love it. But if was a definition of a tourist trap, this would be it. TKTS is fun to use though :-()
Overrated. Tourist trap. Meh.
This is it, right here, Times Square. Day or night, I love it. It's my favorite place in the United States. Some people fly to Vegas, I wait for my work to fly me to Newark airport or Laguardia. Times Square is videos, billboards, lights, a million and one people, and dozens of shops. It's the New Years ball, and black naked cowboy. If not the black naked cowboy, you can go to the wax museum. I had my picture taken with Densel Washington. And Times Square is culture. It's music, and it's a few homeless guys with signs, "need money for weed and rent." Cheap souvineers that you can buy cheaper in Chinatown. 2 Sephoras, not one, I guess we need our make up. The MAC billboard, right now Nikki is shining bigger than life....there's the Element skateboard shop, it's been there for years. Mac, Element, M and M, Hershey's, Swatch, The Loft, McDonalds, have been in the same spot since before 2008, which was my first visit. If you really want to experience Times Square, go on a Saturday night with excellent weather. Hold on to your belongings not be sluggish on that. The 1 million people just doubled. Don't try to drive through it, and be prepared to walk fast. Be prepared to see weirdness and high class refinement. When Mick Jagger said, "Go ahead, bite the Big  Apple, don't mind the maggots."  You'll get it....this is NYC. This is where I belong.
I felt like a firefly gravitating to all the pretty lights on the billboards. It's amazing to see how much electricity is used to keep those lights on 24/7. Even though Times Square gets crowded, I still love the area! There are lots of shops to peruse through, such as M&M World, Toys R Us, clothing stores, etc. It's mind-boggling to know that Times Square is completed packed on New Year's Eve.
Everyone should visit, but not for more than 10 minutes. Really, there's nothing worth seeing here except the lights. Take your photo and move along.
You never know what you're going to get with Times Square.  Well, the ONE thing can always get is a crowd.  It's always very busy, but it's an amazing place to people-watch.  While the crowd can be a hassle at times...it's best to just relax and take in the atmosphere!
Ugh. I suppose it is good to know there is somewhere out there busier and more unpleasant than our own Oxford Street. I wasn't even impressed by the massive posters and bright lights either, so could find nothing to redeem this part of New York in my eyes! Was in New York for New Year once but stayed well away from the crush.
Love it.  Not sure if it's all the people, lights, signs or just the bustling activity, but I never get tired of being here in Times Square.  There is so much to do, or just do nothing but sit and people watch.
A HAIKU REVIEW Iconic, well...yes. The lights! The people! The noise! Instant headache?...YES!
You gotta love Times Square!  Yes it's packed and touristy-but why wouldn't it be?  It's got ginormous, lighted up billboards, popup stores (ie Charmin, PopTarts), random prizes and showcases (cars pop up one day and disappear the next, I once saw a whole "apt model" made out of paper), food carts (aren't they everywhere), comedy shows (they'll tell you jokes to advertise when you're in/not in the mood for 'em), etc. There's something new every day-I come here pretty often and I always discover new places and faces.  Yes, I spent four hours here for the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade (it was awesome, thank you) and came for New Year's Eve.  I shopped at Forever 21 in the middle of the night (it opens until 1:30am) because sometimes, you need that lift when you're feeling down.  This is also a great place to bring out some kids and have a photo scavenger hunt, which I'll be doing as well.  You can't forget the on and off Broadway shows, either. Times Square is like the strip in Vegas, filled with opportunities and showy lights.  The only con is there aren't any good bars/lounges/restaurants.  I wouldn't have dinner here or anything-just walk a few minutes outside of the bubble and you'll find better deals.  But everyone knows you have to come here when you come to NY.
What more can be said...Its a iconic spot in NYC and must visit...to see and experience...anytime you go to Manhattan, how can you not make your way to this place...with all the lights, sounds and people it is all NYC
As much as I love NYC and everything about it, I was very disappointed in the updates they did to Time Square! I was there in 2006 and went back in 2012. The best way to describe Time Square from a LA standpoint is: Universal City Walk meets Hollywood Walk of Fame topped off with Vegas Strip lights!! It's a HUGE tourist attraction and not in a good way! A sea of RUDE tourist! It's no wonder New Yorkers avoid that place! Sadly, the iconic photos of yellow cabs passing by with the illuminated buildings in the background will be the old mage of Time Square since they are closing of the middle, but honestly that was the best Version and I'm glad I got the opportunity to see it like that in 2006. You can visit Time Square at any time of the day and it will be just as busy and lit up, however for a photo op moment you would want to go at night. They have some restaurants, bars, NASDAQU, NYPD Station, Discounted Tickets and a lot of souvenir shops! If you want to iconic I Heart NY stuff, this is the place to get it! My main advice, if you're going to buy shirts, shop around in Time Square, literally the shop right next door may have a better deal.  Here's a fun hint for those Starbuck Card Collectors: if you want one of Starbucks City Card, the ones in Time Square get the most shipment, I got mind from there, and it's the Central Park one. At night, you'll get a different experience, there's a bar there Toxic that's a fun place to go. I went with my friend and they had Karaoke dancing etc. we were able to get a table but it could be because we had perfect timing and arrived just as the karaoke was starting. After 7pm is when the street vendors are allowed to come out and sell their individual, personalized art. Other than the "I Heart NY" merchandise and the Starbucks gift card this is the best souvenirs to get! In the middle closed off section they not only have the infamous Naked Cowboy, they now have a Naked Cowgirl, a lot of Disney Characters (especially outside of the Disney Store), Gumby etc. They change ever time, again... if you're from LA, picture Hollywood Blvd. the tourist area by the Chinese theater! When people go to NY and ask me what I want anything from this is a great gift, it's unique and demonstrates the true hidden talent NYC has!  This last time we got a hat that had the NY Skyline graffiti-ed on it, personalized in colors and city we wanted on the side, Wire art: sculptures made of one single wire with the most intricate detailing, we got a piano and two roses. And finally Palm art: sculptures made of palm leaves with the most intricate detailing as well, they are made to hang so it's perfect to incorporate the sculptures in plans, we got a praying-mantis and humming bird! I have to say though; the best part of Time Square is the street art! This is the only benefit to closing off sections, their more space for the different artist to showcase their skills and provide unique souvenirs. The best the NYC graffiti art! It's a true talent! If you've never been to NYC then you have to stop by Time Square, if you really want to see the street art talent then I suggest going around 1am.
Pretty overrated. As someone who lives two blocks away from Times Square and currently living there 3 years so far, I know that Times Square is definitely for the tourists. As a New Yorker, I avoid the place at all costs since it's boring after a while and many New Yorkers and I prefer the villages and areas toward lower manhattan (East/Greenwich, Meatpacking District, Soho, Noho, TriBeca, etc) instead of this tourist-infested area. If you want overrated and ridiculous prices on food and electronics (ipod headphones selling for $129.99!!! no NOT $12.99  but $129.99 in an electronics store located in Times Square), lots of people taking pictures and slow-moving crowd, this is the place for you On the brighter side, this is a place that you should go ONCE when you come to NYC. But avoid at all costs and if you want to experience the "real" New York, head down south towards Lower Manhattan
Cool place to visit for a minute especially at night but it has turned into a tourist Mecca.  They even have about two blocks of Broadway closed to traffic.  It's almost a glorified strip mall wit dazzling lights because the stores you find in times square you can find in Anytown USA with the exception of gassed up prices. When I'm there I literally walk through and avoid the stores, the people and just take in the sites and lights as I pass by.  I guess it's better than it was 20-30 years ago when it was all prostitutes and xxx movies.
Something to see every once in a while. I like to come here and take a seat on the bench setup by the Hot Tixx booth and people watch, I also like to listen. No, I'm not trying to eavesdrop, I just enjoy listening to all the different languages being spoken. Some that make me wonder, what the hell was that ;) Of course it's crowded, and touristy, what else do you expect it to be? I never get why people complain about something when it's just what it's supposed to be. If you don't like hoards of people, t-shirt shops, and other things from baby onesie's to baseball caps with I heart NYC on it, don't come here, just go elsewhere. If you like checking out the crowd, have a sense of adventure, like the smell of kabobs being seared on a food cart, and can tell by the smile or smirk on someone's face when you bump into each other if it's an I'm sorry excuse me, or you A-hole get out of the way, then come on down and check it out. It's not my most favorite place in the city, many times I don't even go when I'm in town, but when I feel like I need a little Disneyland, hey why not. I was here on election night 2012 as the results came in, have to say I had a blast. I was traveling alone that trip, but certainly didn't feel alone, talked to a bunch of friendly people from all over some very passionate people from US, and some from other countries with opinions ranging from admiration of our system to you folks are insane. Times Square is a place where you can have a rotten time, or a really great time, it's all about your frame of mind, of course all the chain restaurants and stores can be had about anywhere, however to assemble that crowd of people from everywhere in that one area, is just more than a bit special. Have fun or just stay home!
ITS TIMES SQUARE! NEW YEARS EVE, JAY-Z and Alicia Keys did Empire State of Mind, what more can you want, it's probably one of the most famous and easily recognizable places in the world. A ton of movies, shows, ads have featured Times Squre. Honestly if your a new yorker and you have no pride in this place your a f*cking tool and you should probably just leave! Tourist trap or not have some pride NEW YORK NEW YORK!
Underwhelming spread of subpar options amidst frustrating buffoonery and xenophobia-induced debauchery. I need a very convincing reason just to plow through and not take a roundabout, belaboring detour. Always too packed, but the seats help, I guess.
Just came back from vacation where we were just 5 minutes from Times Square. It is an amazing place. So many things to see and look at. It is crazy though. Just wish that there was more food selection, and I took one star off because there are so many young guys trying to sell you their own personal rap album.
I hit up Times Square with some locals and some friends from back home and I immediately thought of Kanye's "All of the Lights." We were walking around after midnight and I was surprised to see so many people walking around still. A lot of the stores and restaurants were still open, I thought it was great. Times Square is fun for people watching, maybe catching the ferris wheel inside of the giant Toys R Us and for shopping. I originally was going to give it three stars, but I am just in awe at how late it was and it was still poppin with activity. Such a diverse crowd too! I thought LA had a lot of diversity, but NY takes the cake.
Coming from a different city..just got to Times Square right when it hit night time wow fuggit about it! Loved it! Lights and advertisements everywhere! ADD it's awesome! Sure there's hella people...but yo it's NYC. You gotta go once, it's amazing!
This was definitely my least Favorite part of NYC...it's stupid busy... like it's actually just dumb how busy Times Square is ... and for what? Over-priced fill-in-the-blank because everything is outrageously priced. Times Square is definitely not a good indication of what New York is like and I truly feel bad for people that don't take the time to explore the real New York - Times Square is not a good indication of New York... it's so touristy. New York has so many hidden gems and beautiful things to see... Times Square was cool to see for about five minutes.... then I just wanted to leave. Go see the rest of New York people!
Ground zero for tourists... and scams.  It's certainly cleaned up a lot since the early 90's but I don't know if that's a good thing.  It's now disney meets tall buildings.  The length of 42nd street from 7th to 8th Avenue is now lined with suburban big box restaurants.  Yuck! Ok, a few tricks.  If you have to go here, get off the south end of the trains and you'll be at 40th street, easier to find the street, easier to navigate around the mobs. If you're looking for food, hit 44th street, there are quite a few restaurants from 6th to 8th avenue that are decent.  Also if you want to go a few minutes further, 9th avenue between 42nd and 59th is full absolutely full of good food.   If it's raining and you need to get to Rockefeller center, get off the north end of the train at 57th street and Seventh ave.  There's an underground corridor that'll take you all the way to fifth avenue without getting hit by a drop of rain!   Flashing lights and neon, you already knew that part.  THe rest you can watch in the movies...
I think every once in a while even native New Yorkers need to visit Times Square just to detach themselves from "normal" city life. It's impossible to be there without being awed and feeling a little like a tourist. It really is quite amazing. Forget about the commercialism and the tourist traps and just look around and enjoy.
No "first to review" honors this time. Let's call it 3.5 stars and say it's worth a visit if you're a tourist, but don't limit your whole NYC trip to this region. I don't have warm feelings about this place, yet I don't want to fall into easy tourist-bashing. I saw a whole lot of this attitude in the comment section of the Times review of the Guy Fieri restaurant. Tourists pay lots of sales tax dollars, and to get all "Crash," they're just people. It has many lights, which I enjoy, and many crowds, which I like in moderation. I can't truly see it through the eyes of a visitor so I don't know if nonstop "do you wanna see a comedy show?" is annoying or intriguing. In an update to the old "it was better in the pre-Giuliani porn and drugs era" schtick, I'll say it was better in the 90's when there was a Virgin Megastore that contained a movie theater. I saw a free concert by Presidents of the United States of America there. I find this place too synthetic, but I can see how a visitor might enjoy "New York" almost as much as New York. If your marching band is in town for the weekend it's not like I think you'll have a better time taking the A train to Lefferts Blvd for roti.
Not the heart of NY but definitely an important organ, lol. sorry Jason H. This is where a lot of stuff goes down and this is also where a lot of tourist make the streets unusable. Time Square has everything from Applebees, to bowling alleys, to cartoons, to Disney characters, to edible underwear.....the list goes on. It's a place to completely loose yourself yet remain on a familiar path (enjoying yourself). You can see a movie, play, grab breakfast (brunch, lunch, second lunch lol, dinner, or even a late drink) and still be able to find yourself to the bus/train/car/cab/bike taxi because the part of the city literally never sleeps. I was here today with a couple friends and I almost forgot how great it really is to just enjoy it and take it all in. This place really breathes life into the city......oh oh oh, its the Lungs of NYC, or at least one of them. I love Times Square.....be there tomorrow.
Call me a sucker for being amazed by everything in New York City... even the cliche famed Times Square. It was the only area open when much else wasn't! For that I love you.
Came by late the other night to visit the world renowned Times Square NYC. To my surprise, it was more like a tourist trap with a mix of an exterior shopping mall and pushy street vendors like Las Vegas Blvd in Vegas...
What can I say about this iconic location other than what's been portrayed endlessly on national TV, movies, magazines, and even the damn yearly new years eve countdown? It's brightly lit advertising courtyard. If you or anyone with you has never been to a large metropolitan area, this is a great way to shock the system. Lights, ads, screens, sounds, everything. Stimulus overload at it's finest. You'll see two lines of people in the middle. Don't fret, they're there for the TKTS booths which sell discounted broadway (and off broadway) show tickets. Hop in line if you're interested; although I'd recommend swinging by the location off 199 water street. Go check it out at least once.
It's one of the places YOU HAVE TO VISIT when you're in NYC. Nothing special; a similiar version of Las Vegas. A LOT of people. Expect overpriced things.
Five Stars solely for the experience. Times Square... What can I say? - Iconic, yes. - Crowded, yes. - Overwhelimg, yes. - Crazy characters roaming around, yes. - NYC's finest on every corner, yes. - Promoters soliciting you to watch no-name comedians at a new comedy club, yes. - Lights, yes. - MTV's Total Request Live memories, yes. - Clutching my purse as i walked around, yes. - Photographs taken, hundreds. - Would I do it again, ABSOLUTELY! Reminds me of the Las Vegas Strip, on New Years Eve, with a ton of Broadway Shows.
Every time I come to New York City, whether for business or leisure, Times Square is a must. I never get tired of seeing all the bustling lights and taking in the crowds (yes, crowds) and excitement of New York City. To me: Times Square IS New York City.
Gaudy & Overcrowded. But slightly magical at the same time...
I avoid Times Square like the plague. It is the plague, frankly. When I need to pass by here, or go to Drama Bookshop it's a huge ass hassle. What actual New Yorker likes Time Square? It's literally made for tourist. It's like the cage to keep all the tourist in one area so they don't wander out into the real world and walk slow and stop and stare on normal streets!
The weather was just too nice this year not to make the trek to Times Square, so decided the day before to do it.  I ended up eating breakfast and lunch, drank some water, went to the bathroom, and headed over around 2pm.  We ended up at 47th behind a barricade and then we got pushed to the sidewalk.  There was a Fox News satellite blocking ay views of the ball and after standing there for an hour, they started filling the bullpen FROM THE BACK.  Then, maybe another hour later, they started letting the other side of the sidewalk in.  After another hour, they started filing our side around to the other sidewalk to get in--literally squished like sardines.  I wasn't even walking at that point, just getting pushed.  We ended up right next to the Nivea Kiss Stage and with the perfect view of the ball.  It was cool to see Bill Rancic, Pitbull, Justin Bieber, and Mayor Bloomberg up close. I had brought a book to read but there really wasn't any downtime with getting moved and them playing music and performances throughout the night.  Around 8pm or so my back started to hurt and I think I needed to go to the bathroom or eat something but didn't dare move for fear of losing my spot.  My hands definitely started to get cold (even with gloves) as the night went on but wore enough layers to not be too bothered by it.  They say no big bags, but there sure were a lot of people there with big bags.   Getting out after the ball dropped was another exercise and after the exhaustion of standing for so long didn't make it to my friends' NYE parties. I'm glad I did it, but I don't think I'll be doing it again. :-)
Love Times Square minus the tourist but great place to hangout and enjoy the scenery
Can't live with it, can't live without it. It's there, it's loud, it's noisy, and more fun if you don't live here. But it is an experience and essential when you want to see shows or wait in nine for cheap tickets. Not to mention cheap tricks by dudes like David Blaine and other novelties.
I celebrated new years here and welcomed 2012 with my friends Lady Gaga, the Bieber, Drizzy Drake, Pitbullll, and a few thousand other people.  Bright lights like Vegas... dense crowds of people... madness? this... is.. TIMES SQUAAAAARE!! There's not many places like this where you are basically trapped in a few square feet of space and spend 10+ hours next to Puerto Ricans from the Bronx, a family from Jersey, a few girls from Germany, Japanese tourists, a Brazilian exchange student, and a couple of annoying Sex & The City type beezies from Manhattan.  True melting pot of cultures and languages kept it interesting while waiting for the ball to drop. I wish there were portable bathrooms available during NYE... but at least the Dominoes pizza guys were delivering in the crowds.  Shopping in Times Square? Not so much to me personally but it is the prime people watching spot.  But like a lot of local reviewers mention, it gets congested, chaotic, and tourists like me stop in the worst places to take pictures or figure out directions causing ridiculous traffic.  It can take ages to cross the street and good luck driving through the intersections here. I saw firsthand why it's almost insane and unnecessary to have a car and drive in NY.
Busy busy busy. Probably the biggest tourist attraction in the city. If you're trying to avoid the crowd this is not the place to head to. For the ones that want to be in the midst of it all, go on. They have stores that are open a lot later than regular places due to the heavy traffic flow in the area. For example, Forever 21 is open daily from 9a-2am. For me, that's fantastic news lol. The restaurants in the area are pretty good although busy. And I'm sure they do not take reservations.
I am no New Yorker, hence the 4 stars.  I've been to NY several times in the last few years and for some reason always end up spending some time in Times Square.  Besides the shopping, there is people-watching galore here.  You can get discounted Broadway tickets at the TKTS booth under the red steps (a fair warning, a line starts forming about an hour or more before they open so get there early). It's fun to walk through the stores once or twice, and the bright lights and ads can be entertaining.  Once I saw the Charmin bear in-person, along with a woman dressed as a toilet bowl.  While waiting in line for TKTS this last time there was a mini performance from some of the performers from the musical Chicago.  You really never know what you might see here. Coming for New Year's Eve to watch the ball drop is pretty much strictly a tourist thing to do.  Did it once and that was enough.  It was fun to meet the people from all over though and hang out for a few hours...or 9...  Getting in is the easy part, leaving after midnight is when it gets difficult. TImes Square is so commercial but at the same time really unique; I've never been anywhere else in the world like it and can't even really think of any place that can rival the lights and atmosphere here.
LOVE Times Square, Hate that on my trip this weekend I realized they made it a No Drive Zone... . I know its been a few years since Ive been to the city and all, but why cant I drive down Broadway anymore to get to the 20s... So I go around the block take a left on 42nd and try to turn back on Broadway & get pulled over (Ok, Im rambling)... Love that you can now walk around more freely - just took me some time to figure out the new traffic pattern... Love the new steps... If you come to visit wait till night time, the line gets less... Also take batteries, your camera will run out if you take as many pics as I usually do... And dont mind the people trying to sell you ANYTHING - you can often get good deals!
Times Square! Lights, stores, and billboards, oh my! Of course this is a very touristy area and of course it's going to be crowded. It's also a bit of a must-see when you're in New York.
Dear Times Square, I loathe you. Best, Colin
Continually evolving. Glad that it's Becoming more and more pedestrian focused. However, sidewalk vendors taking up too much space. Don't expect to get anywhere quickly.
Such a good way to see all kinds of wacky people.
Without question, its a must visit. Don't forget to take plenty of pics and if you need help, the police department is never more than a half block away.
Its Times Square.  Its huge.  Its filled with tourists snapping pictures and crowding the sidewalks.  Tour companies will pester you to take a bus tour.  People dressed in costumes will get you to take pictures with them and then ask for money.  Cabs will not stop for you.  Its chaos; and its perfect.   When you stand in the middle of Times Square amongst the massive buildings and bright lights, next to people from every country in the world, from every walk of life, you realize just how big this crazy world is and you can't help but just stand there in awe.  Well, I can't help but just stand there in awe.  I've visited NYC several times and always try to make a stop in Times Square, even if its only for a quick few minutes to soak it all in.  It is arguably to most well-known place in the entire world, take it for what it is, and count yourself a very lucky person if you get to see it up close and personal.
I'm only giving this 5 stars because it is obviously a popular tourist destination. I don't like people though... but it is always interesting strolling down here.
Times square is named after the New York Times, which was at One Times Square and has since moved.   One Times Square is where the "Ball" is dropped from the Tower, every New Years Eve, since 1907. This "Ball" is Waterford Crystal. Tourist Trap or not, I am a fan and it is a World icon!  I love the Digital Lighting, the thrill of the NASDAQ.  I love the old Hotels, the old Breakfast joints, FAO Swartz with the indoor Ferris Wheel. Most of all, I love the Theater District and old Restaurants. Yep, I surely do love Times Square!
CRAZY BUSY, but so much fun! Visual overload, so much to see and so much to do, you have to visit more than once. There is a big screen you can see yourself on and anyone at home can see you too - earthcam.com/usa/newyork…. We enjoyed the View restaurant (see other review), the hotdogs in the square, checked out buying Broadway tickets at the discounted TKTS, checked out the M&M's shop, and so much more! Very easy access by foot to take it all in and plenty of friendly places to stop and take photos. Keep your belongings close as the mobs don't lighten up. Find a seat and really take it all in, enjoy people watching - this is prime real estate for that! Play a game to see how many different languages you can hear being spoken and don't forget to ride the ferris wheel inside Toys-R-Us!
Even if you've seen it a million times on the tellybox, nothing can prepare you for the moment you climb out of a yellow cab on Times Square. It's better than Disneyland. But you must go at night to get the full impact of all those dazzling billboards and lights. I suggest wandering around for a while until your head spins and you can't take it anymore. Then head to the top of the Marriott Hotel and visiting the revolving bar. It takes an hour, apparently, and spins a whole rotation, giving you the best view of New York. The cocktails are fabulous as well. Finding the 'special' lift that takes you from floor whatever (40 or something) to the restaurant above is a bit of a challenge though (oops, i mean special 'elevator'!). When i went last October, Puff Daddy was walking in the back entrance surrounded by 'paps' and cameramen. He's tiny in real life. The diamond in his ear was HUUGE though.
Once the landmark purveyor of sleaze, Times Square still peddles in sleaze, but more of the consumerist variety, under the guise of "family values"; f*cking cartoon characters will accost you on the street now, instead of hookers, for example. One cannot just "cut through" Times Square. It was a fatal detour which smacked of "The Day of the Locust" or "Sybil." Dante also came to mind.   "Abandon all hope ye who enter here."
If you ever stop in New York City, you have to visit Times Square.  This place is constantly filled with tourists, and there's always something going on.  There are a lot of stores, like the M&M store, Toys R Us, the Hershey's store, Ann Taylor, Gap, etc.  If I had to pick one word to describe this place, it would be "AWESOME!" When you're in Times Square, you should buy tickets for a Broadway play, check out the Toys R Us store, and take pictures of the hot naked cowboy. :)
Well after living in New York for about 4 years now, Time square never really impress me. Even the first time when I was still a Tourist. Anyways, I think its just too crowded with people that don't know where they are going or you see a family of 15 standing in front of you taking pictures and blocking the whole chunk of the sidewalk when you want to walk across the street. It was a little tricky to walk around all 15 of them.  I think what I heard about Time Square before I moved to New York and what I see is very different.
Every time I'm here, I feel like a wide-eyed kid again. Even after countless trips to NYC, including four new year's eve outings, Times Square has never lost its luster. For me, Times Square is the gateway to the greatest city in the world. Yes it's super commercialized, yes it's über crowded with slack-jawed tourists and teeming with knock-off vendors, but it's one of the few places in the world that's instantly recognizable. Whenever I've traveled abroad, the number one US destination locals said they wanted to see was Times Square. I think that Times Square just encompasses everything that NYC means to everyone. Even as a little kid, I knew about NY, the Bronx, the Yankees, Central Park--from the movies. All these things I grew up hearing about culminated with my first trip to the city when I was 21. I imagine this is what it means to tourists from around the world. With the US being the world's pop culture exporter, perhaps we all grew up with a certain image of NYC learned from afar. I love Times Square even more after the installation of a pedestrian-only zone and bleacher seating. We park it there often, sometimes several times a day, just to see the throngs below and to listen to the lilting sounds of languages from all corners of the world. The last time we were here, there was a massive group of Japanese tourists from Tokyo who looked as if they'd just hit lotto. Their enthusiasm was simply infectious. I'm talking about people from the most cutting edge, tech-centric city in the world with their own Shibuya district--who have seen it all, were simply ecstatic to be in Times Square.   One thing is clear: tourists are way more tolerable when they're all around you with beaming smiles taking photographs. Everyone just seems incredibly happy, and more importantly, incredibly happy to be here in this one spot. The concentration of wonder, excitement and joy is so palpable that It's impossible to not be in a good mood when taking a quick respite from the chaos below.
As a Manhattan resident Times Square will always be the number #1 place I try to avoid. The crowd is ridiculous, full of street vendors trying to sell you pictures, NYC memorabilia, sketches and tickets to these underground comedy shows. During the winter holiday season it is an absolute nightmare down here, the streets are gated off in preparation for the NYE crowd. Just as much as I try to avoid it, I always need to come here for something. There are two movie theaters, an Auntie Anne's, Havana Central, Forever 21, Sephora, everything I NEED is located in Times Square. Even with all of the complaints I love me some Times Square.
I've always loved the energy of Times Square!  There are usually great and fun tourist finds along the street and TONS to keep anyone entertained!  When in NYC I love to stay in/near Times Square because it's a great launching/landing pad after a day of fun and exploration in the rest of the City.
I love Times Square.  I cannot tell a lie, I find some kind of Zen happiness while walking through Times Square, especially when I'm down in the subway station. I think this love comes from being in the epicenter of Manhattan.  I'm not going to say that the tourists don't get on my nerves, but I feel like this is where I can use my crowd dodging acumen (and what New Yorker doesn't pride themselves in that?). But my favorite thing is getting off of a train and walking through the central area of the station during rush hour and not bumping into anyone.  I don't think New Yorkers really bump into each other unless there are extenuating circumstances, so even though the Times Square station is packed with moving bodies, they manage to avoid each other in an elaborate, bizarrely-distant-yet-incredibly-aware dance of movement. I love it.
It's every thing you seen in the movies and the feeling there makes you want to belt out in song, as long as it's a Broadway tune, you will be all right. Great place for people watching, food vendors, and cheap tickets, try not to come during Christmas, when everyone wants to sell you on a gimmick or cheap stickers, t-shirts, or what have you. The sounds, the lights, the buildings, the people, it's just so amazing. And we might even see some celebrity's or two. (Look for the Naked cowboy*the guy who plays in his underwear and hat) This should be on everybody's bucket list!
This place is amazing.  I only went there at night and it was blistering cold, so there wasn't that many other tourists.  It was still pretty busy though.  All of the lights were mesmerizing.  At one point I was just sitting down in the middle of the street and just looking at all the buildings.  I love it.
New York City is hard at work getting ready for the site of the most famous Annual New Years Eve's  countdown in the world.  TIMES SQUARE !!!! A bit of a history..........Formerly known as Longacre Square. The name Times Square was derived  from the Times Building, ( the former offices  of the New York Times)  when it erected a new building at the turn of the 20th century on 43rd Street., the neighborhood  then took on the name"Times Square".  It is a major intersection in Manhattan ,located at the Junction of  Broadway and Seventh Avenue ..... from West 42nd St to 47th Street.  The Times Square area runs from Sixth and Eight Avenues, 40th to 53rd Streets., also known as midtown, Manhattan. .   The  very first ball was dropped on December 31, 1907.  Every year as the clock nears midnight on December 31st....the eyes of the world turn once more to the dazzling lights of Times Square.  The world holds its breath and cheers as the clocks strike 12 and the famous Waterford Crystal New Years Eve Ball slowly descends from atop One Times Square.  An estimated one million people pour over Times Square and millions more watching throughout the world.  I noticed through the years that the ball seem to increase in size....As always I watch everything unfold  in the luxury of my home....Happy 2009 to all..
We had to do the touristy thing and take photos in Times Square. Well, I can say I did it! I can't say I'll voluntarily do it again, at least at night. I'm genuinely surprised that people are still racist in this day and age. So, on that note, it sucks to be Asian in Times Square!
Wow....big
Some see it as emblematic of the transformation of New York city over the past 50 years, i.e., from sleazyville to corporate theme park, others see it as the heart of The City and the crossroads of the world.  For me, it's a little bit of both. Sure it's disheartening to be bombarded by the Olive Gardens, Red Lobsters and Bubba Gump Shrimps of the world from a retail perspective, not to mention the swarms of flashing lights, video screens and billboards all vying for your attention.  And no, bobbing and weaving through tourists and people trying to get you to go to a comedy show is not my idea of fun, especially when you're trying to get somewhere in a hurry (which, in New York, let's face it, is always). But if you can step back and think about the idea of Times Square beyond its practicalities, you remember that this is why you came to New York City in the first place: to be at the center of everything. Art, commerce, media, mobility, ideas, and people flow through here at lightening speed from all over the country and from all over the world. Everyone talks about the palpable energy that runs through the streets of New York, and for better or for worse, that pulse emanates from Times Square. I heart NY.
Yes it's tacky, yes there's lots of buskers, yes it's crowded, but of course you still have to visit here! You don't have to spend hours here but it's worth it just for the experience and memories as well. It's worth visiting once during the night and again during the day - they're both just as busy but it really shows you just has crazy all of the signage is.
I'd happily avoid this area by all means, as there's nothing much to do or see for me, even when cerebs doing performance. I hate the fact that you can't walk one block without getting harassed, haggled, chased, and eventually screamed some God story. I'm so sick and tired of this place.
When I was a young girl I thought Times Square was the shiz. So much bright and pretty lights...Virgin Megastore(R.I.P)... Bar Code(R.I.P)... Lazer Tag(R.I.P)... Toys 'R Us...it was heaven... Flash forward 10 years...this place is HELL!!! so many tourist that walk soooo slow because they are so intrigued by all the flashing lights...and TS went downhill when they decided to get rid of the ONLY places that were really fun like bar code and lazer tag...and just recently Virgin MS!!! wth!!! after bar code and lazer tag were blown into oblivion the only place I could chillax and drink some Jamba was at Virgin. There were soo many cds for 9 bux (but who really buys cds nowadays), and they had so much other junk and collectibles to look at. But now....zilch! It's also so crowded that I have to spec ops my way through the crowd! nowadays I walk less crowded streets. Unless you're a tourist and this is your thang, then go for it...but i've been a New Yorker my whole life and there are other hidden gems that this great and wonderful city has to offer. The only thing I come here for are the broadway shows.
Complete Tourist trap but would highly recommend passing by as it is iconic for NYC! **Would suggest going super early in the day ad it gets crowded. Best thing about the area is alot of things are open--food, shopping even at midnight! **There is always something going on in the area, when I went one of the cast members for the TV show Pretty Little Liars was there doing autographs in the heart of time square!
Times Square is a true definition of a city that never sleeps. This place can be EXTREMELY CROWDED full of tourists. Personally I think the best time to come here is late night because it's not too crowded. Great place to take photos.
Golly it's busy tonight. There must be a sale at Aeropostale. . *\*I*/* Happy New Year! *\*I*/*
If you want the New York experience then you need to come here,especially on a nice crisp night!!! The lights,stores,restaurants,people dressed up to make an extra buck, and hands down the best place to people watch!!! Stay away on weekends because it gets way to crowded but on the weekdays it's just AWESOME!!
Feels like being in vegas. Not as big of a strip though. Is much smaller than i thought. Always has something going on. Interesting even to people watch(un-creepy way). Crowded but expected.
Love it. Hate it. Worship it. Ravage it and not call it in the morning. Times Square is a snake pit in a mental institution...but it's also the bubbling cauldron of excitement that is New York. You know it's there. You can't avoid it. You have to traipse through it to get to the theater because you're so proud of yourself for getting those half-price tickets to "Spamalot" at the Marriott Marquis. Yes, the tourist-saturated crowds on the sidewalks, especially before curtain and after the shows end, can be maddening, and count on someone going berserk and starting a domino game of shoving. And the selection of eateries is abysmal despite appearances to the contrary, mostly oversized chain restaurants with unappetizing menus full of cholesterol-filled items. Nonetheless, there are a few gems here and there like Virgil's Barbecue on West 44th...or Pigalle on 8th and 48th...or the simple quiet you can find at the nearby Firefighters Memorial Park at Ritz Plaza. That's the way to look at Times Square...it's like panning for gold just to end up with a few nuggets. The search for nirvana can feel bloody endless, but the nuggets you find - and you will - are priceless like the rush you feel after seeing an amazing Broadway show or the hypnotic nighttime glow of neon like no other place on earth (see my photos in the gallery). Or maybe you can make it when they have the wondrous Broadway on Broadway concert in September...or Lord have mercy, when the ball drops on New Year's Eve. Love it. hate it. Doesn't matter...I'll always come back and be ready for more.
I don't mind seeing Times Square for the first 5 minutes, but the fantasy quickly dissipates when snotty tourists think out-loud every little thing running through their mind and block your path as well. I love watching people slumming on concrete pavement like it is like some resort, but they happen to bring along their suitcases. The only good factor about this place is that things are open really late. Forever21 is open until 11:30pm. The lights are pretty. It is really easy to catch a taxi from here for that inevitable escape.
What happened to all the hookers and peep shows and dealers and generally shady characters?  Something is needed to scare away the teeming hordes of midwesterners!
Hmmmm let's see, we've got: --the Olive Garden --a WWE Wrestling restaurant --a toilet paper museum --fat Republican tourist families stuffing their faces with cotton candy --Alabama corporate dads with the Pete Rose haircut wearing golf shirts tucked into pleated khaki shorts, braided belts, iridescent Oakley "bug" sunglasses, and high sweatsocks with New Balances --overpriced everything --shoulder-to-shoulder, "nuts-to-butts" crowds shuffling along at a snail's pace, looking at nothing Gee, where do I sign up?
Whats not to love about Times Square? Its really a tourist trap. There are so many people packed into one area. I remember back in the day when people would not even set foot in TS. It was just so dirty and so much hustling all around. Now it looks like DIsney World. There is a giant Walgreens in the beginning, then surrounded by all the advertisements of the world. A huge Marriott Marquis hotel. Mac Cosmetics store, and a mall sized Forever 21. When its day or night, how can you tell what time it is with all the lights lit up?!
Tourist Trap! But to be fair when you attend a Broadway show, you will end up strolling through the tourists anyway...so grab a bite, shop, see the lights. It's not so bad once or twice a year.
An orgy of yellow cabs, tourists, and a ping ball game of flashing neon's. It's really neat to look at and take some pictures of but not very fun to stick around unless it's 330am...Then you can take videos like this. =) flickr.com/photos/h22/26… =D
Naturally, if you come to New York, you have to see Times Square. It's larger than life, intense and totally overstimulating. That being said, it's a bit of tourist trap and slightly horrifying. As my husband said, "This is what hell must be like." There's wall to wall people, so many billboards, people dressed as cartoon characters and everyone's trying to do something for a buck. It's just...a lot. It's a must see, but I will admit that by the end of our trip we went out of our way to avoid Times Square.
I walk through you in the morning to the subway for work, when all the european and asian tourists are on a timezone that is 5-12 hours ahead of me...meaning they are right in the swing of things - such as swinging their arms wildly while walking, five abreast, on a busy sidewalk. I walk from you every night, as I get off the subway...with all the tourists from the west coast and now people trying to get back to Jersey...we have braved many battles together. Thanks for the good Times.
How you rate Times Square largely depends on why you're here. Let me break it down for you: 1 star: You work here and you can't afford to pay $12 for lunch every day for bad food (see my list on Times Sq eateries yelp.com/list/times-squa… ) You get antagonized by the City Bus Tour guys and the comedy show promoters every day because you haven't mastered the "I live here dammit!" face and Elmo creeps you out. You're also an Olympic speedwalker and have impeccable ettiquette. 2 stars: You're a local dragged here by out of town relatives and they tell you they want the authentic NYC experience. They make you take 20 pictures for their holiday Christmas card. Then they tell you they want TGIFridays or Applebee's instead of going to that nice place you looked up on your phone. Oh, and you're treating, right? 3 stars: You're probably from Westchester, NJ, CT and this is your 3rd or 4th trip to the Big Apple. You've seen at least two Broadway shows. Congrats, you can navigate the square (Did you know Manhattan is laid out like a grid?), but oooh! those empandas look interesting! But ...whats an empanada? And what's that weird smell? 4 stars: You're from out of town and visited during the day or at New Year's. This is the New York you dream of and enthusiastically point at the TV every time you see Times Sq on ABC. You came for the pictures and to pet the police horses. You got jostled by some other tourists and didn't know how to find a restroom. But at least you have pictures! Cuz you've been here! 5 stars: You're definitely from out of town. You did it all - took pictures with the NYPD, rode the Ferris Wheel at Toys R Us, Madame Tussad's, the tour buses, waving at the Forever 21 billboard, went to a MTV taping, and eating pizza standing up. Best. Day. Ever. Congratulations. Tips: Don't stop randomly while walking. I will run over you mercilessly. You should ask to pet the police horse Don't eat here. Just don't. When taking a photo, please step out of traffic in the sidewalk so people can go around you.
If you're a tourist, its a must see. You can't come to NY and not see Times Square. I'm usually going through Times Square when I'm on a mission to get somewhere quickly. However getting somewhere quickly through Times Square is impossible. Traffic is awful, its noisy, and the streets are packed. Also, there are tons of people selling things. I try to avoid the area, but even the streets around Times Square are packed with traffic.
ugh.  i work in times square and it's a nightmare of tourists, slow walkers, overpriced stores, and bad restaurants.  what a tourist trap.  get your picture of you standing in times square and move on.   oh, and don't even try to go there on new years eve.  what do you think you do when you have to pee???  yeah.  nasty.
oh come on people, such negativity! I realize that I am not in Times Square on a regular basis, if so, I'm sure I'd want to shoot myself for the non-love... BUT it IS amazing, iconic, classic NYC.
Once a slum. Now a gem. It really is one of the best places in NYC!! Only thing it's lacking is decent places to eat.
for a tourist like me, i've only heard bout it and seen it on mtv.   being there in person.. amazing!!!
I used to love you, I used to care, My feelings were so real. I used to shop around inside you... Times Square. You cost too much to have fun with, There are a few that speak the ENGLISH, You are a tourist trap no doubt, I like to hear the Black Israelites shout. They hate Whitey;  they're in the wrong spot, obviously Whitey is around a lot. There's so many cameras here, flashing lights everyday of the year, I used to bring the girlies here to impress them, I got held up, can somebody arrest him? This used to be the place to beeeee Now I keep away like it's got the HIVeeee. YOU COST TOO MUCH JUST CAN'T TOUCH UNGH...mmm YOUR RESTAURANTS REALLY SUCK I DRIVE A BIG-ASS TRUCK I GOT A BROWN PET DUCK I GOT NO GOOD LUCK MY GIRL IS A HECK OF A Frrriend. ****dance break with Timberlake****ugnnhh, aw yeah...where's my recording contract bitches?!! I just signed a huge contract with Columbia...I get the 10 CDs for a penny each and I buy 5 every year.... Unnnggghh!!! DOMINOES Motherfucker!!!
Easy to walk to from Grand Central Station.   Tourist trap, pretty flashing lights and lots of people.  Great to stand around (or sit if you can) and just watch the herds go by.   Occasionally something interesting will happen near you (or involving you) if you're there long enough. It's next to some touristy shopping/restaurants.  Recently went to Best Buy Theater for a show and thought that was a great venue.  Given the ease it takes to get to Grand Central then to walk here, it's A-OK as the 3 stars say.
I felt obligated to visit since this was my first time in NYC.  Touristy and busy but an interesting place to people watch and wander around for a couple of hours.
There are way too many people, all of whom have one of the following: 1. a big mouth and a stupid scam/flyer/comedy tickets 2. a camera and an inability to walk at a normal pace Needless to say, impatient me can't deal with this in a constructive manner. I usually start doing something obnoxious, like singing really high, loud, and operatically; or mooing. Family Member from Midwest: How was your trip to New York? Tourist: Well, I saw the Statue of Liberty, the big Macys, the Empire State Building, and I spent a lot of time in Times Square. And when I was taking a picture in this crowd of people, some weird girl started singing this really high opera shit in my ear... FMfM: Um, was she an opera singer? T: I have no idea. It was weird.... Yeah. I do that. Cause it startles people. However, with the addition of the new Forever 21, Times Square has fully earned the 1 star I'm giving it. Seriously, 4 floors of F21 goodness, open til 2am. It's worth the ridiculous crowds and the incessant mooing and high Bb's on my part.
What a crazy freakin' place this is, right?  Times Square. It's nutso.  Great place to visit if you're from out of town, great place to try and avoid if you're local.  Right in the heart of the theater district there are too many stores, restaurants and theaters to mention within walking distance! Not to mention the numerous side-show freaks "performing" for spare change and the large police presence quick to shake down anyone who dares to fulfill their suspected profiles. Come at dusk and watch the natural light lose it's nightly battle with the gigantic plasma screens that light it up enough to read a newspaper all evening - if people still read newspapers, that is.
A great experience that shouldnt be done in less than a week. Plan the trip and take your time. Don't pay list price at any of the stores. They'll come down!
