Food arrived quick and hot. Service was outstanding! The server, Captain and Manager all came over multiple times to check up on me. By far the best service that I have had at any BWW franchise.
It has been awhile since i have been here!   The place B-Dubbs has a great atmosphere if you love having every sporting event available on to watch. TV's are in abundance so if you don't get the game on your cable ect you can't almost guarantee they have it!  They are located in the Southern Tier crossing plaza with plenty of places around it.  So if you hare shopping in the area it is very convenient right of I-86. I really like the decor since I am a sports junky and it was also very clean. I used the bathrooms and I was impressed by how clean it was! The food It has been a while since I had been here.  Now they sell the wings by size Snack=5 wings, Small=10 wings, medium=15 wings, large=20 wings. I ordered a medium with half Asian Zing and half honey BBQ.  First off my wings came out in one basket all together with no divider.  I ask my waitress which side was which and she showed me the sticker and made me feel better.  To bad the sticker was wrong.  How can you serve two different kind of wings on in the same basket with not even some kind of divider?  The wings were all intermingled and a mess Honey BBQ and Asian Zing so not mix well.  I also am a firm believer a good wing is crispy all of my wings were slimy none of them were crisp so I was very disappointed.  Then the last straw it was 15.29 for 15 WINGS!!!! MOST EXPENSIVE WINGS I HAVE EVER HAD!!!  Most places for a dozen are 8-9 bucks.  I could handle it is they were really good but that was not the case at all.   The service My waitress was very good she kept our drinks full and was very kind.  Our food was done very quick and we had no problems at all. The verdict I might come back at some point but if you charging HIGH $$$$ then you better have a high end product and that was not the case my wings were sub par at best.
Food is awesome as always and the manager is great!!! Had a nice lunch with my daughter today :)
Came back to Elmira on vaction from  Phoenix Arizona, stoped by with my family BUFFALO WILD WINGS, had some punch tickets with us we had from AZ, presented the ticket to the waitress she went to her manager and he said we have to wait till the next time we come, WHAT, we have all 6 punched, we get $5.00 off, I told the waitress to tell the manager to come over I wanted to talk to him, he never came, the waitress came over (lydia) she was great said ok we can use it, the manager never came over, in Phoenix metro they would of  been there real quick, but they made it wright, the food was the same as AZ, LOVE ME SOME WINGS..
Don't understand why this place has bad reviews. Its a buffalo wild wings, its a chain... same everywhere. It was quick service, friday night around 10, no one was in there which is so different from the ones we have a home, I was stoked! Sat right away, ate right away. However, our waitress was so overly friendly that it threw me off a bit, I wasn't there to make a friend, I was there to eat. Not being mean, but thats what we come to restaurants for and thats what we tip these people for. I found our table having conversations with her about her life and I don't know if that was necessary. Regardless of that, yummy food, every game on TV and sweet poker at each table. go.
I go to this wild wings in the afternoon usually before work if I'm in elmira.  I've always had great service and my wings have always been extra crispy.  I love there flavors and they have a lot!  Monday is all you can eat wings from 11 to 2 for around 12 bucks.
This place is so expensive for the little amount that you get. The wings are small and they serve them in a small paper container. really? paper for wings! The drinks are really expensive and they tell you that they have a certain beer on special and you ask if that is a special price and they say no it's just what they are pushing that day. too bad because they have a ton of TV's to watch sports on but try going there for a UFC fight and you won't find a place to sit. There are better town bars that serve better food and cheaper drinks.
Water spilled on me and the food they brought out.  No manager came to talk to me, no apologies, just a couple napkins brought to the table.
