Did the tour with Neal, all I can say is that he gave us an absolutely amazing authentic Harlem Experience...He has lived and breathed Harlem and really made it a special tour. What a legend and a great way to experience the area with a true passionate local! 6 Stars from me!!
A MUST See if you are in NYC!   I really didn't know what to expect but a few friends from work were going to go and invited me so I joined them and I had the BEST time!!  Neal is Amazing.  He did a great job sharing the history all around Harlem and the Canaan Baptist Church Service was full of the spirit and joy overflowing.  They were so welcoming and you could see the effect they have and have had on the community.  Such a blessing to experience.  Please take the time to plan a visit on your next trip, it will not disappoint.
Grand Master Flash says New York New York, Big City Of Dreams Might Get Fooled if You Come From Out of Town I'm Down by Law, I Know My Way Around I admit it.. I'm jealous. But then Grand Master had an advantage - he lived in New York, my wife and I only visit for a couple of days a year.  Down by law we aren't, but on our last trip a walking tour of Harlem offered by the Harlem Heritage and Cultural Center put us at least a few small steps closer. - Summary If you love history, culture, or music you've got to see Harlem. You may or may not want to do it the way we did. - Seeing Harlem: Resources The Harlem Heritage and Cultural Center, reviewed below, offers a ton of walking tours. harlemheritage.com/event… If you prefer to explore on your own, this article does a fantastic job of laying out key sights chicagotribune.com/trave… harlemonestop.com/featur… is also really useful, and of course Wikipedia can be counted for a great, compact history en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ha… One piece of advice: do not sign up for any walking tour over two hours. If the tour is good  you'll get overloaded (and tired), if the tour is bad you'll get bored (and tired). - Harlem Impressions The American melting pot but painted in African colors. We loved it. I just wish we could have spent more time there. Beautiful houses and condominiums, many way north of $1.5 million (sorry... five years ago you could have made a fortune flipping houses in Harlem, not so much now) sit next to burned out buildings, presumably torched in the 70s or 80s for insurance. The majestic Sugar Hill section, where life was sweet for elite residents of all races, still stands as does the not-so-nice Bradhurst section. Gentrified 125th street is a perfectly modern and unremarkable home to The Body Shop, Marshall's, Old Navy, Ben & Jerry's (apparently staffed exclusively with former homeless) and ex-president Bill Clinton's office.  African restaurants serving food from places like Senegal and Uganda do business right next to African-American run restaurants offering soul food. Right next to 125th street is Adam Clayton Powell Boulevard (be honest: did you know ACP was the senator from Harlem who drove legislation integrating schools and the military?),  where rows of vendors more rooted in past then present sell extremest religious and political tracts.   Harlem is home to more than 400 churches and 18 of the 25 charter schools operating in Manhattan, but also the scene of five major riots. There is poverty in parts of Harlem, and  magic in the theaters and ballrooms  where Michael Jackson, James Brown, Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday, Duke Ellington  and many, many others got their start. It may be predominantly African-American but a white guy and an Asian women walking hand-in-hand didn't raise an eyebrow. - Harlem Heritage and Cultural Center Walking tour Review This is a tough one. I thank them for showing me Harlem and teaching me about its history. I just wished the tour could have been a little shorter and tighter. Then again, we did sign up for a special tour, and they may well do better with the tours they are more used to conducting. Guide knowledge and passion: 4 stars Clarity and information density: 3 stars Organization: 3 stars Overall: 3 stars
My nephew Josh and I had the pleasure of spending a few hours with Neal on the food tour.  What an amazing time we had.  It is Neal that makes the history and atmosphere of Harlem come to life.  Josh and I learned so much from him, and felt we really got to see the man behind the tour as well.  If you like regimented, scripted, over organised, timed  to the minute tours, then this might not be for you.  If you want to meet a great human being who has so many amazing insights and experiences to share and who will go at your pace then this is for you. Will definitely do more tours when the weather turns warmer.
I wasn't sure what to expect, but this tour has inspired me to continue my self-education into Harlem in the 20th Century. Thank you, Neal, for your professional presentation, your enthusiasm, and your insight. Your tour was the best part of our multi-city trip.
Great tour of Harlem! Neal I will always remember the experience, and your description of your life in Harlem. I wish you well as one of the ambassadors of this fine community. Good luck in the future.
Good tour but not great.  It didnt mention or (mentioned briefly) key aspects of Harlem history -  like Harlem Renaissance, Sugar Hill, Marcus Garvey, Malcom X's home/stomping ground, or hip hop legends like Kool Moe Dee. location of but included current events - like Obama, automobile industry, things that could have been excluded to focus on more of Harlem's history.  Focused a lot on churches.  Would have been great if it had given a better overview of Harlem's general history and famous Harlemites and maybe where they lived, etc. Tour guide was witty, charming and delightful.  If you know very little about Harlem, it may be a good tour because it's a very high level intro.  If you love history and Harlem and want to dig deeper and put a visual with what you know, it's probably not a good tour as it's very basic and leaves a lot unmentioned. Very glad the tour was offered.  Hopefully they will add another option thats more comprehensive. I also appreciated the ease of booking the tour - paid online the day of.  Didnt have to plan days out.
This was the best tour I have taken in a while. Neil was knowledgeable, friendly, and passionate about his city and that rubbed off on everyone else. Why pay $75 for a bus our of the city, when for a low price you can walk and explore the heart of Manhattan. There was so much history I learned and as a teacher a lot of the information he provided us with I can pass onto my students. I recommend this to anyone in New York who wants a real tour and to get out of Times Square. When I go back I want to do the Harlem Renaissance tour!
