This is a great place to stop and try all the wonderful selections Horseheads Brewing has to offer. We've only been once, but they had things that are difficult to find bottled, or maybe they don't always bottle them. So if you have a favorite you haven't been able to buy in Ithaca and elsewhere, check out the source! I really like their system of tasting--you get several options for just doing tastings out of plastic cups or buying a couple different styles of tasting glass which you then get to take home. The only thing I didn't care for is that the tasting room was VERY crowded, I think owing to the fact that they had a new batch of IPA on. There were people streaming in with growlers, sometimes 3-4 each, and these people made it very difficult to get the tasting accomplished. We sometimes had to wait 10-15 minutes between beers just because we couldn't get up to the counter and the 2 frazzled employees weren't really paying attention to the customers there for the tasting. I'd recommend developing a different system where maybe one person is dedicated to filling growlers and the other is doing tastings.
Great beer and great staff there! They'll chat you up while you try out some of their wonderful beer!!
So I've only ever tasted their beers from the bottles I find in stores until I decided to make a mini beer trip out of my stay in Elmira NY. Stopped in after an interview to look around. This place is a small warehouse/tasting shop where a little room is converted into a tasting area, bottle shop, and beeraphernalia. The guy at the counter, Mike, is a local  who has recently gotten interested in craft beer and is a pleasure to talk to. I came in right when they opened on a weekday so I was the only one there for a little bit, but people started trickling in shortly thereafter. It actually got surprisingly busy in a fairly short period of time. They had some good classic rock tunes going and I was feeling adventurous so I bought a beer tasting that included a tasting glass. I was able to sample every beer they had on tap. The tasting prices are quite reasonable. The owner/brewmaster came out and I was able to chat with him for a while. Very personable guy and knowledgeable about his beer and craft beer in general. The rest of the area has glasses, mugs, growlers, thermos growlers, flip tops, 1L, 2L, etc sizes on shelves and a small beer fridge that houses their bottles. They currently have the Domination, which is their American barleywine aged in Makers Mark barrels in bottles only. I bought a case of it. Totally worth it. I also purchased a few of their pumpkin beer. Quite delicious. Overall, I think this small brewery has huge potential to grow and do even more with their brews. Their current beers are quite delicious and they have a good selection to satisfy almost any palate. I will be returning. Solid 4.25 stars.
Who knew you would find such great beer in Horseheads?  The building looks very industrial inside and outside.  The tasting is $3 (I think there is also a $2 option too but I didnt get that one) and you get to keep the glass.   I usually cant stand pumpkin beer or any beer for the holidays BUT I was lucky enough to hit this place when they still had some pumpkin left.  YUM!!!  I wish I lived closer so I could get a growler and get it refilled.  Sad Face!  Great job guys!  Keep racking up those awards!
I thought I wasn't a beer drinker. I was wrong--I am still not a beer drinker, but I can make exceptions. We visited Horseheads brewing primariliy to statisfy my fiance (who was rather sick of the sweet wineries I prefered). I had attempted to compromise with him in a visit to the 3 brothers wineries and brewery, but the beers there were so bad that he wound up being more disapointed. Tastings are ridiculously affordable, only $1 for everything on tap--and you get generous portions. At the end, you will easly have consumed more than a beer's worth, so be wary if you are already buzzed and planning on driving. They have a series of regular beers, which they rotate on tap, and seasonal beers which are only available certain months of the year. Almost all of the seasonal beers, and one of the regular beers, fall into the fruit beer catagory (though they are flavored with more than just fruit--inlcuding maple syrup and cocco powder). Unfortunately, we could only sample one seasonal beer, the Pumkin Ale, but it was so very good. Unfortunately, most of the beers are not available for purchase in bottles, but Horseheads is clearly a favorite spot of the locals--and geared twoards their needs. The primary system of purchase is a growler, and a growler refill. For those of you who, like me, had never heard of this before, a growler is a half-gallon bottle purchased for an inital fee (in this case, $8) and then filled with beer (prices at Horseheads ranged from 6-10 for a fillup). While we were there there was NEVER a time when someone wasn't getting a growler filled, and we were there on a Wednesday evening. There was often a line, and when we first arrived, the line was 4 people deep. Again, I am no beer expert, but my fiance raved on and on about each beer, and even I was able to enjoy and appreciate each one. I was also able to finish my FIRST ever WHOLE beer, by downing a bottle of pumpkin ale back at camp. I also really enjoyed the Pale Expedition Ale, which is their American Pale Ale, and really wish it had been available in bottles. It had none of the bitter flavor I associate with beer. Since we chanced to be there on a Wednesday, we were able to sample (and purchase) the Hot-Jala-Heim--which is a fruit beer infused with jalapeno and anaheim peppers. Even I enjoyed it, despite the definite "beer" taste, because it was so well balanced by the other flavors. It almost seemed creamy for a moment, then the bitter beer flavor kicked in, and only at the end did the peppers hit you. Again, I have sampled few beers, so my review is horribly unprofessional, but definitely check this place out.
All around great microbrewery! They have a solid lineup of interesting craft beers and some great seasonals. And unlike alot of breweries they are totally set up for tastings and on-site purchases. Additionaly they have loads of cool glassware and some basic homebrewing supplies for sale. They are open often and are easy to visit even if you are just passing through the area or staying at the nearby finger lakes.
Very interesting beers on tap, including a spicy jalapeño one. Love the blueberry beer. Can do beer tastings at a very reasonable price.
Wow, talk about some amazing beer!  The guys at Horseheads Brewing really know what they are doing.  I have yet to visit the brewery, but always order a pint when I am out at the local restaurants that carry it. Definitely a beer for the distinguished craft beer drinker.  Try it, you will not be disappointed!
Some buddies and I headed down to the Watkins Glen area from Ontario. Our first stop of the day was at Horseheads Brewing, which set the bar pretty high for the day.  The staff behind the beer were down to earth beer loving peeps that really went the extra mile to make sure we were enjoying the beer they had up for sample.  For $3, we each walked away with a little tasting glass and nine samples of some of the finest beer I have ever tasted.  The range and depth of Horseheads' product line makes me wish they were closer and available at the LCBO.   It's worth the drive to Horseheads.
Based on the good reviews we decided we'd add a half hour each way detour to the end of our Seneca lake wine trail trip. We arrived 25 minutes before closing to find the place locked up and the employees leaving. Call first as they obviously don't care about keeping their posted hours. Or better yet skip it for a place with employees that care.
Overall, the beer ranges from uneventful to good.  Their regular beers go from forgettable (Towpath) to good (Brickyard Red, Newtown Brown, IPA).  It's their seasonal, or what they call, specialty beers, that are actually pretty good.  The Christmas Ale is wonderful, though it is more of a summer style.  The Black Horse Ale and Stout are very good beers, but not always available.   I like the hours that they are open, I like the tasting room with the $1 option (try them all) and $3 option (try them all and keep a nice tasting glass), and I like the glassware that they sell. I think that the opportunity to get locally made beer in the Horseheads area is awesome.  However, what really dings them is the person behind the counter.  It's been the same server every time that I go there and I always get the cold shoulder.  She comes across as unfriendly, curt, and borderline rude to some of the patrons.  It ruins the experience for me.  When doing the tasting, the beers are often not explained or discussed.  They are often poured in a haphazard order (every other brewery I have been to pours light to dark) .  If I were the owner, I'd find a new face to the public for my business.  I've grown so tired of this person, I'm going to drive the extra 30 or so miles to a different brewery for a more pleasant experience. In the end, the Horseheads Brewery is worth a trip, especially for their specialty beers.  Just be prepared for not-so-great service with your beer.
