Say it. "Cookies." Now doesn't that just make you smile? I always get the dark chocolate chocolate chip.  It's such a nice treat to just make you happy and feel like you're giving your belly some much deserved attention after all the kale chips and salads.  The chocolate is decadent and the lightly crispy outside of the cookie with the soft almost cake-like texture of the center of the cookie gives a perfect blend of flavor and texture. Why not 5? I'm allergic to nuts... Please please make more cookies without nuts.. Please don't make me resort to.. oh no... raisins (now doesn't that make you frown?)
I've always heard great things about this tiny bakery. I finally found the time to trek uptown to give it a taste. We came in there right before the afternoon rush. I was able to get one cookie, yes only one.. but if you know anything about Levain, then you know ONE cookie is the size of the palm of your hand! Not to mention how dense each cookie is! One is plenty... I picked out the oatmeal raisin cookie, one cookie feels like it weighs 3 lbs. LOL I ate half right away. SO DELICIOUS! Not too sweet, but very moist. The raisins in the cookie were also very moist, not dried out. You can tell the ingredients are fresh. The center of the cookies feels wet, as if it's partially cooked, whatever it is, it's amazing!! I ate the remaining half today after lunch, and even after 24 hours, the cookie was still soft and moist. I devoured it in less than 10 seconds. Gosh, I wish I could have another one, maybe one is not enough after all :]
This is by far my favorite cookie in the city.  6oz of chocolatey heaven.  Not much to say about this very tiny place except you should go for the cookies (I wasn't too impressed with the breads).  One is a healthy meal itself but I usually like to pick up a few and reheat them later. Pro-tip: They make a wicked cinnamon roll but only on the weekends.  It is either a raisin or walnut version.
With over 1600 reviews and 4.5 average stars... I have one thing to say.... Need to go and try it.   BEST COOKIE IN ALL OF NYC.
Me at anywhere i go where i meet people from New York: Have you been to the BEST cookie bakery in New York? People: No, which one? Me: Levain on the upper west side. It is hard for me to find a great cookie because i feel like I have so much vested in it. Cupcakes are easy, they all kind of taste the same until the day you find one that is amazing and actually tastes different and delectable, and is only available at Sugar Sweet Sunshine. However, with cookies I just want too much. I don't like too much goo inside because I want the crunchy outside. I never want it to be too big because then I feel gross after. I always want it to be light enough where I can maybe have just one more, but know I shouldn't. I am a cold person, I feel like if the food isn't better for breakfast the next morning than it wasn't that great to begin with the night before warm. As such, I prefer my cookies cold...all cookies except for Levain's. These are literally, the BEST COOKIES I HAVE EVER HAD. I eat a lot of cookies, I'm the older version of a used to be fat kid, and go off all of my "lifestyle changes" to eat this yummy food and indulge. But, beware! The cookies are $4 each, which after you have one in your hands and start to eat it, feels reasonable for how awesome this is. The bakery is also hard to find, it is on the north side of the street and you have to walk down some stairs to see it.. There is a bench outside, remember that so if you ever trek to the far away west side, you can consume this amazing cookie.
mmarksthespot.org/2010/1… Craving: half baked warm gooey cookie Solution: Levain Bakery Located on West 74th Street (second location in East Hampton), Levain's signature 1/2 pound cookies are insanely delicious.  Ironically enough,  these rich hunks of chocolate and butter goodness were created by two women as they were training for the Ironman.  Discovering their knack in the kitchen, the dream team quit their jobs in banking and fashion to start what I consider to be...heaven. Levin Bakery ensures the freshest ingredients, donating all of the day's unsold items to charity for a clean start the next morning.   Aside from their 6 0z calorie bombs, they also offer muffins, scones, breads and fresh pizzas.  How's the rest of the menu taste? I haven't a clue...when I step through those doors I magically put blinders on and am only able to see their Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookie ($4 each). All I can say is...Mrs. Field who?!
i am sweets obsessed and Levain bakery has become my new haven.  they have the absolute best, gigantic cookies.  My personal fav is the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie.  they are huge and rich and can last at least the whole day (or two.)
Giant super good cookies - only draw back: sugar rush and a tummy ache
I just don't know how they do it. How can you make such big/thick cookies & make sure it gets baked all the way?!!? It's just amazing. I tried their Chocolate Chip Walnut & Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter cookies. ABSOLUTELY delish! It was $4/cookie and you don't feel like you wasted any money because it's THAT big! I LOVE IT! :) The cookies definitely taste better when you just get em` at the store; I tried my friend's once before when she brought it home for me & it wasn't as good!! But, you can always heat em` up & it should still taste lovely!!
on valentine's, an admirer (haha...) gave me an unmarked box of cookies big as cow pie. turned out to be lip-smacking dark chocolate with peanut butter chips. 5 m i l l i o n stars!
These cookies are mindblowingly good. I split two cookies this a friend, the famous chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate peanut butter cookies. Both were amazing- chewy on the inside and crisp on the outside. I came here at 8 so the cookies were fresh out of the oven and chocolate chip one was still warm and had melted chocolate-delish. I highly recommend this bakery although I wouldn't go here regularly as the cookies are massive and very unhealthy, yet it is still so easy to eat an entire (or two, or three) cookie on your own.
This was our firs visit to the NY store after trying these in the Hamptons store  last summer. I have to say they were really good but not quite as amazing as the the ones last summer and I would put that down to how fresh the others were they were straight out of the oven, the one I had in NY had been sitting out for a bit. Still amazing cookies and would recommend anyone who loves a good choc chip cookie to stop here - you wont be disappointed!!
Is cookie the right word for these things? they are like some fantastic chimera of cake,cookie, brownie, orgasm, & massage. Last time i went it was maddening - i misremembered where they were located, and was looking on the wrong side of the street - but i could smell the damned things on the breeze - and it was making me cuhrazzee. finally closed my eyes, concentrated on the smell, and crossed the street. They have 4 kinds: Chocolate Chip Walnut Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Raisin Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip personally i go for the dark chocolate chocolate chip - i mean why waste space with walnuts that could be put to better use being filled with chocolate??? they are pricey - but one of these suckers is the size of 3 or 4 quotidian cookies, so, it all works out in the end. coooooookies! (edited to add - i wish they would make a chocolate chip w/out the nuts in it. not enough to take their rating down, but the only sour note about the place)
The cookies are like scones! Massive, delicious, heavenly goodness in one cookie. They are given to you warm and gooey. The chocolate melts onto your fingers, which in this case is a good thing. I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie and the dark chocolate chip cookie. Both were really good. These cookies are too big to finish in one sitting. It can be done, but my teeth started hurting from all the sugar half way through. Perfect end to a stressful day.
Probably the most $ I've paid for a single cookie ($4), but these babies are well worth it considering their size and weight, they're insanely huge and heavy!!  Not only that, but they are sinfully delicious too! I cannot even begin to imagine how many calories are packed in one of these bad boys, but thankfully, they're so big that it is hard to finish a whole cookie in one sitting.  The best part, these cookies keep pretty well too.  I brought a box back from NY and kept it in an air tight container, I was still enjoying them almost a week later. They really have the cookie baking down to a science - thick and chunky with a rich buttery taste and a soft center, definitely a delicious cookie well worth it's hype!  I don't have a favorite flavor per se, but since I'm not big on nuts, I usually gravitate either towards the dark chocolate chocolate chip or dark chocolate peanut butter chip.  However, my family loves their chocolate chip walnut since they are very generous with their ingredients and each bite is loaded with walnuts.   If they could bake the same cookie without the walnuts, I personally will be all over it since that's one flavor I feel they are missing.  Nothing is more solid than a classic chocolate chip. A cute shop worth checking out, but be sure to look out for a huge window with stairs going down to their storefront and a bench waiting outside, it can be easily missed.
OMG.  i'm crazy.  i just spent $40 for 10 chocolate chip walnut cookies.  that is pretty ridiculous.  (don't worry, they weren't all for me...) the first time we came here, i was with my mom and niece.  the cookies were huge so we got one and we got a brioche that my niece insisted she had to have.  the brioche was expensive and was not really any good.  but the cookie was to die for.  ok, maybe that's a bit overboard.  but really, it was so good.  the cookie was warm, chewy, at certain parts crispy, other parts mushy, the chocolate was gooey and we were eating it as we were walking in the cold.  i didn't think it was worth $4, but i didn't pay for it, so whatever... the first time i paid for the $4 cookie, i felt really guilty that i was spending so much on a cookie but after i did... i didn't regret it.  i was having a bad day after all.. nothing like a buttery, delicious chocolate chip cookie to brighen up your day. on my most recent visit, we stopped by to pick up cookies... because coincidentally two girlfriends and i were having dessert and contemplating ordering the chocolate chip cookie at the dessert bar... but then decided we should come here afterwards instead.  anyway, after paying $40, i feel like i should have come out with more cookies in my hand.. but i only had 10.  they were big, but i only had 10.   pretty expensive.  but so long as it doesn't become $5/pop i think i can deal.  just heated up a cookie in the toaster oven when i came home.. and it was as good as new.  i might have paid $4 (and gained 4 lbs in the process), but it was worth it.   haha... um, i hope this isn't too much hype....
definitely a must for cookie-lovers.  my boyfriend likes them chewy, and i like em crunchy, nd we were both happy sharing the walnut chocolate chip cookie.  it was solid on the outside and warm and chewy on the inside, with goopy chocolate chips.  mmmm.  the bakery is just this small place in the basement of a building.  you can sit on the bench or steps right outside and eat your purchases. mmm.  waaaay better than the stuff at ben ash's.  tourist trap, that one! btw cookies are big like everyone says, and about 3.50 each.
Thank you J.L. for getting me cookies here!!  These monstrous cookies were so absolutely delicious!!!!   My favorite had to be the chocolate fudgy cookie with the peanut butter chips!   Love this place, will definitely come back when I'm in NYC again.
I'm giving Levain Bakery 3 stars and here's why: The cookies are delicious. There's no doubt about that. And they're rich and substantative, so I am able to eat only half and be completely satisfied, which means I double the number of treats! The stairs are steep. I visited on a wet, rainy day, and I hate to say that I was *that* girl who went tumbling down the stairs on my behind after slipping. It wasn't fun, and not only for reasons of embarassment. It hurt. I made it out alive - and the proprietor very nicely gave me an extra few cookies for FREE and some more on top of that for my puppy (I guess it's OK for dogs as long as you take out the raisins?). So that was a bonus. But I still haven't been back, I'm just a little nervous. The shirt I wore that day is torn up, so that's an unpleasant reminder of my fall. I wasn't in the right frame of mind, but I also remember being confused because the cookies don't really look like cookies. I asked for flavors and it turns out they were right in front of my face, but it looked to me like muffin tops! OK so maybe I was just thrown from the fall. Delicious, A-OK, but be careful!!
in addition to being better than i could have hoped, these giant hunks of butter, sugar, flour, and chocolate could double as paperweights.  seriously, i'm surprised levain doesn't have a series of "hall of fame" photos on their wall, showcasing the people that were actually able to finish the entire cookie in one sitting.  i could not (and i was hungry!) but it was fun trying.
By calling this the best cookie ever, I'm neglocting to mention that this is nothing like any cookie you've ever had. It's more like a cookie and muffin had too much champagne and had a wonderful love child. The consistency is so gooey and awesome you will give up on all other cookies and take a vow of cookiebacy. The chocolate chip was my favorite, but the walnut wasn't too shabby either.
All you need to know: THEIR CHOCOLATE CHIP WALNUT COOKIE. It's been 2 weeks, and I still dream of it. It is one of my regrets during my visit to NYC to not have gotten more! I remember my friend mentioning how great it was, so I made it a goal to visit this place. I walked into this tiny room of a basement packed with people. I bought two cookies (which I thought were /scones/ upon first glance), and made a quick exit. Not a big fan of crowds, but at least no wait. I finally got around to eating it TWO days later across the country (back in California). And it was like the best damn cookie ever created. Perfectly sweet, great crunch, huge portion size. Why did I not eat this fresh?? At least I can attest to these cookies being just as delicious after a few days. Best $4 you will spend on any dessert. Just take my money, Levain Bakery.
There are many places in NYC you can get baked goods, and predictably, most of the items you get in those places taste like they came from commercial bakeries. Levain thankfully shatters that mold to pieces. Take one of their signature items: the chocolate chocolate chip cookie: so dense, it has its own gravitational field; so rich, the IRS has a special tax code for it; so decadent, its been banned in 12 ultra-religious countries. At $4 a pop, they are a bit pricey, but given their size and exquisite taste and texture experience, they are certainly worth every penny. If you find yourself on the upper west side, trundle over to Levain to experience what cookies SHOULD taste like...
Chocolate Chip Walnut, yum. Double Chocolate, yum. A must try if you're in the area. Everytime I'm in NY, I get me a box of these cookies to go, then some more for the road. It's really hard to resist. A box of 8 cookies last me 3 days; I can't keep my hands off of them. It's fresh, soft, buttery, and on steroids. My words do these cookies no justice. You have to stop by and try for yourself.
These cookies are giant.   Chocochip walnut:  very sweet with whole pieces of walnut.  The insides are slightly underbaked, making it very soft, while the outside is nice and crispy. Dark chocolate peanut butter:  yum!  very moist and rich with plenty of peanut butter chips.   Bottomline: at $4 a pop, probably not so mindblowing that I would come again.
Your life won't be altered in any significant way after going to Levain Bakery, but your taste buds will certainly approve (at least mine did). The cookies are massive. At about 6 oz.'s each they are at least four times the size of a typical cookie. But don't let that discourage you from eating a whole one (you are indulging, after all). There is no seating at this joint, it's just take-and-go. When I went, the baker who helped me was very friendly and patient. He recommended the chocolate chip walnut cookie, one of the four flavors available. Here's how it went down: the cookie was hot and fresh out of the oven, so one gold star to Levain for that. It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, with the chocolate chips slightly melted. At this point, I would give Levain five stars. But where they lose a star is in the flavor. Don't get me wrong, the cookie was delicious, but it tasted very similar to a Toll House or Mrs. Fields cookie, or something that I've made at home before. It simply didn't have a unique taste (for a completely unique taste you need to go to RubySnap in Salt Lake City). I would recommend hitting up Levain if you are in the Upper West Side and your sweet tooth is achin'. The cookies are $4 each, which is reasonable if you consider the size. and if you never bake cookies than these might just rock your world. But If you are an avid cookie baker or connoisseur, don't be surprised if the chocolate chip walnutty flavor is all too familiar.
I came here and got a double chocolate chip cookie and it was easily the best of it's kind that I have ever had. It's a tiny little bakery but don't let that fool you, they definately know what they're doing.
Dawg, it's a one pound cookie. 'Nuff said. ^ That should be an automatic sell for anyone with a sweet tooth. But, I guess, I'll get a bit more specific. Every time I come visit New York, I absolutely have to hit up this bakery before heading over to chill in Central Park. I ALWAYS have to get the Walnut Chocolate Chip. The cookies here are amazing. They're always fresh and soft-baked. The chocolate chips are always melted to perfection. And the walnuts offer a great crunch to mix things up. I've also had the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip. It's pretty good, but a bit TOO chocolatey for my taste.
you're either going to love these $4 cookies, or not! i didn't.  the cookies appear scone-like.  in fact, they are presented next to the scones with very little difference in presentation. i tried the classic chocolate chip and oatmeal/raisin cookies.  both had a drier almost crumbly texture.  and both had the doughy center.  the taste was okay for me, but i KNOW i prefer a chewier or crisper cookie. so i was SOL!  you know, you simply can't please everyone.  although i didn't prefer this cookie, there are TONS of people who do eat them up. rock on...
Where had Levain been all these times I've been to NY? I recently only found Levain Bakery on a vacation in NY and I am regretting that I did not know about this place when I first visited New York 6 years ago. All I have tried is the chocolate chip walnut cookie, but it is probably the best cookie I have ever had. It is large, thick and very moist. The inside almost seems like it is undercooked, but that is what makes them so good! They are a little pricey, but worth every penny. A little out of the way for someone who usually stays in Brooklyn when in the city, but I would be here every other day if I lived anywhere near New York City. The chocolate peanut butter cookie looked amazing as well, but I just couldn't get myself to get anything other than their delicious chocolate chip walnut cookie. There is usually a line out the door, but they go through the line very quickly and the employees are very friendly.
I'll keep it short and sweet- I got one of each of the 4 cookie options, and they were all AMAZING. The cookies are huge, and mine were fresh out of the oven so all of them were warm and soft (even better). I am obsessed with these cookies, but my only complaint is how expensive they are. It's $4 per cookie. I understand it because the cookies are massive and it is NY... but it's still a bummer. Also, the shop is a hole in the wall. They have a small bar (maybe 3 seats?) where people can sit and eat, but on any given day there is typically a line of 10 people out the door. it's hard to get in and out because the line of people blocks your way out once you have made your purchase. So my only complaints resulting in the 3 star rating are non-food related, because the baled goods are heavenly.
These 800-calorie cookies are the weight of bricks. I ran their the night before returning to Madison and stocked up!  There was a line in the early evening for a place that sells cookies.  The bakery is in a residential area and could easily be missed if you didn't know what you were looking for (and didn't notice a 10-deep line). I picked up few each of the oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip walnut and chocolate with peanut butter chips.  Each  were the best version we had ever had of each cookie.  Even more, they lasted several days after the purchase without needing to spruce up in the microwave. Many reportedly great cookies are only good warm.  Levain's cookies does not need the warmth to aid their cookie X factor.  The exterior is textured and crispy.  Inside is moist and seemingly melts in your mouth.  This happened without decreasing dividends all four days they lasted.  They are by far the best cookie makers I've had the opportunity to experience.
What can I say that hasn't been said before? They're delicious and huge and if you like cookie dough, you will LOVE these cookies since they're so thick that the middle can be somewhat raw. $4 buys you cookie happiness.
warm cookies straight from oven. but nothing to get all crazy about. its like a pile of dough stacked together. pricey too, $4 for a cookie like that? i got the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. would rather go for insomnia cookies.
This cookies are simply excellent.  Levain Bakery has found the perfect cooking method for the cookies, crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside, and delicious all over. Sure, they're overpriced, but they're so rich and sugary that you'll have a hard time eating one by yourself. This place is worth the wait.  The coffee, however, sucks.
I was going through my plethora of menus trying to find something to eat... I came across a Levain postcard that I got with my first stack of cookies from the Bakery, as a Christmas gift, at least 3 years ago... so review time it is! I've only ever had the cookies here. I've been told by strangers that their other baked goods are good too... but I care not! COOKIES! (I'm like human Cookie Monster... without the nystagmus [googly eye]). Levain's cookies are dense and moist and make me weep tears of joy. Crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside... I've tried to eat 3 in one sitting and failed! My personal favorite is the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie. If I get to the bakery too late, and it's not there, I'm not that choosy because each flavor (Chocolate Chip Walnut, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, and Oatmeal Raisin) is fantastic. At $4 a pop it SOUNDS expensive, but after getting one you'll be willing to pay $10! You're going to need Milk... get some there or from the store on the corner of Amsterdam. Levain is sorta hard to find. If there's a UPS truck parked anywhere close to the front of the store, YOU WILL MISS IT (but you're a yelper, you should be looking at addresses on your smartphones you cheeky wonders). You're so close to Central Park. If you're worried about the calories, or want somewhere to enjoy your shameful cookie scarfing, go walk around the park for awhile (not recommended for the Snowpacalypse we've been enjoying).
What an amazing cookie experience!! Thank you Atif, you were so right about their cookies, they are just as phenomenal as Petrossian and Jacques Torres!! I've been feeling blue lately but their Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie was so mind-bogglingly delicious that it blew away my sadness and brought back a big smile on my face again. So fresh, so outrageously rich, so chocolatey, and so sinfully yummy! I momentarily forgot I was supposed to be sad, yes, it's THAT GOOD!!  I felt like I gained all the weight I lost in the past few weeks in just one sitting, but it was totally worth it. My new magic pill! If you are feeling depressed, just go to Levain Bakery and splurge on these pricey but amazing cookies($4/piece)! You'll spend your money more wisely than going to a shrink! Immediate happiness guaranteed!
It took an out-of-towner to tell me about this place.  Oh god! Oh god! Oatmeal raisin cookies forever!
Cookies! Cookies- one of their cookies lasts all day!! It is a mound of delicious, moist, BUTTERY goodness~ but my fave is the chocolate brioche!! But they are always out of it... I always end up getting the Valrhona chocolate sourdough bread! yummmy. I also love how you have to step down into the store, it's so quaint and like what I imagine some old timey bakery to be. And they have these super cute postcards. Enjoy.
I don't know how they keep the inside of the cookie soft and moist with permanently gooey melting chocolate chips, but they do, and it is awesome. Cookies are big which explains the price, about the size of a scone.
Best. Cookie. Ever.  That's it, really.  Perfect consistency, decadence, and proportion of chocolate to dough.  I wish they had a CCC without nuts but that's not worthy of taking a star away.  I had the CCC with walnuts and my husband had the peanut butter choc cookie and both were out of this world and I consider myself a cookie connoisseur.  Worth the calories and 7 miles I walked to get there.
Hands down some of the best cookies i've ever eaten. I live in Chicago and I have New Yorker's bring me these cookies anytime the opportunity presents itself! The dark chocolate chocolate chip is my FAVORITE
These cookies are amazing! I waited in the 15/20 minute line today in the freezing cold and it was worth it. One of the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had.
After a full day of travel and having only had a bagel way early, I thought I'd treat myself to a cookie before getting my brows done at Max Wax upstairs. Well, it's a good thing I skipped a meal, because the chocolate chip walnut cookie I had was as substantial as a sandwich would have been! Delicious, but decidedly not for everyone, it was moist and a little underdone inside (in a good way, if you're like me and you enjoy that sort of thing). Honestly, it's more like a scone pretending to be a cookie than anything, but hey, it's so yummy they can call it whatever they want!
Fxckin' delicious cookie. Is it even a cookie? It's so freakin' huge it could quite possibly be a mini cookie-cake. THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT LEVAIN COOKIES: - They are ginormous. - They are $4. - They are warm and directly out of the oven. - They are probably 1,500 calories. Of pure heaven. - They are crispy on the outside and warm and gooey* on the inside. *Note: Some people read "warm and gooey" and think, "Oh! It's warm and gooey! That's nice!" Others read it and think "OMG, IT'S NOT COOKED." Okay, fine, you may have a point about not exactly being 100% cooked in the middle. Sure, minor technicality. So go get a damn spoon and scrape it out of the bag. You know you love cookie dough. This would be -warm- cookie dough. PS. Bring milk.
My chocolate chip cookie addiction !! I heard of this place from Bobby Flay's throw down (once again) After seeing this episode I had to desperately try them. Then that day finally came and it was a chocolate walnut gooey-ness explosion in my mouth AHHH. So warm and rich and gooey and crunchy. It's truly amazing. They are $4.50 a cookie but the size is HUGE. It's not a flat cookie it's more like 3 dimensional. But they are to die for so the price is worth it, and one alone def gets the job done so no need to splurge here.
Delicious! We picked up a slice of pumpkin spice bread, a cinnamon brioche, and an oatmeal scone plus coffee for about 13 bucks, which was a reasonable price to pay, considering how tasty everything turned out to be! Nice spot to pick up some to-go pastries before heading to the park on a clear day. Cash only.
FRESH COOKIEEESSSS..... I act like cookie monster when i come to this small bakery. Plus get ready for a line however its very quick and soooo worth it.
Monstrous cookies, a decadent treat. Try it. Be sure to have some coffee or milk or tea to wash it down!
awesome cookies, it is a must when you are on the west side.
So, as many people before me have said, Levain is kind of the bomb. In my mind, it hangs between 4.5 and 4.75 stars. Here's a list of the pros and cons: Pros 1. HUGE, warm, freshly baked cookies 2. Very sweet and helpful staff 3. A tantalizing, fragrant bakery aroma wafting down the block (as you wait in the behemoth queue lining it) 4. HUGE COOKIES 5. Other baked goods that are also fresh (and huge), but I have never tried them Cons 1. Said behemoth line, no matter what time of day or what day of the week 2. The huge cookies are a little pricy, at $4 a pop. I guess people pay the same for cupcakes...and let's be real, cookies beat out cupcakes any day of the week. 3. The store space is small and cramped, so you can't hang around inside once you've gotten your food and drinks. This is only really a problem in the winter. I tried the chocolate chip & walnut and dark chocolate & peanut butter chip cookies. These are the only kinds worth trying, in my humble opinion (just kidding, oatmeal raisin is probably also very good, but anything with raisins is essentially a health food so why bother?). The cookies are enormous, dense, ultra gooey, and a little intense/overwhelming after a few bites, so can/should be consumed in a few different sittings. Because I live far away in Brooklyn, and am hoping not to get diabetes anytime soon, Levain is a once-every-six-months kind of place for me...would be a different story if I was near the Upper West Side. VISITORS TO NEW YORK: definitely try this place while you're in town.
I've been to the Hamptons location and been wowed by their ginormous cookies.  My boyfriend is on a mission to make me fat by surprising me constantly with these delish cookies!!! I highly recommend them.  Looking forward to checking out their pizza one of these days, too!
Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookie Day 1: Purchased cookie, but was too full after eating at nearby Alice Tea Shop, so put into bag to eat later. Day 1 (Later that day): Heats up cookie to eat... eats about 1/3 before feels like bursting Day 2: heats up cookie... eats about 1/3 and realizes that there's no finishing this cookie today. Will probably finish on day 3, but we'll see... hopefully it won't go until day 4. This had to be one of the most amazing cookies I've ever head. Outrageously yummy brownie-cookie texture that melts in your mouth. Mrmmmmmmmm I love it! *Update* Day 3: This cookie is AMAZING. Still delicious on day 3 of trying to devour this cookie. If you ever want a gigantic chocolately 3 day dessert ~ GET A COOKIE FROM LEVAIN'S!!! This place is calling for me to go back and get another!
I don't like sweets, cookies.  And I REALLY don't like chocolate.  Like I could only do a few bites here and there. But gosh darnit.. after having one bite of the double choco chip cookie.. i wanted more.  I went through a mini existential breakdown and began questioning why I didn't like chocolate.   Warning:  The cookie is HUGE and very intimidating especially for someone who doesn't like sweets.  So if you don't like sweets, don't be scared.  Just take someone with you.  Have them hold it and you can take little pieces off of it and act like it's not really yours.  I guarantee you after 2 - 3 bites, the cookie will be in your hands.  It is so flavorful, with just the right amount of sweetness, fluffly, but still chock-ful of chocolate chips.  Words cannot even describe this little piece of heaven in your mouth. I would give 5 stars if I liked sweets haha but I think if I ate this more than once every two months I would die from the over-indulgence.  Either that or my stomach would murder me.  Whichever comes first. Also.. since there seems to be a vote going.. I think the double choco chip is wayyyy better than the chocolate chip with walnut :)
LOVE the oatmeal raisin cookie, but damn -- $4! expensive! tried the raspberry donut; tasty filling, but the donut itself was actually a bit dry. good oatmeal raisin scone.
I've really never had a cookie like this. These things are just boulders of decadence.  They are made with so much butter, slightly crispy on the outside and tender in texture but substantial in strength the whole way through. Sometimes I crave a cookie that is large in diameter and thin, and I really have no specific place in NYC to recommend for that type of cookie, but If you want a hunk of buttery pleasure, get one here. The only knock on Levain that I can think of is that their selection could afford to be a little expensive, but it's clear from the pictures that people come here for the cookies, and come back...FOR THE COOKIES. They have pizza here, but I've never had it because I only come here when I'm craving their pleasure stones. There's just so much...chocolate....and...butter.  So dense.  It's so bad, but they're so good.
$4.00 for a chocolate chip cookie seems pricey.  However it is huge and you get it fresh and hot.   Bring lots of napkins because the hot melted chocolate chips get all over your hands.  Delicious!!
"ohh, yeah"                      chi....chika chikahhh.......
The cookies here are insanely good. Yeah, they are $4 but once you taste it, you won't care.  The store is tiny, and all they have is a small display case with the 3 cookies (choc chip w/ walnuts, dark choc w/ pb, and oatmeal raisin), a bread, and scones.  When you order the cookie (which is huge- blob shaped not flat and thin), they heat it up so it is gooey and warm for you. You should eat it right away while it's warm.
Yelp.com helped me discover some of my favorite places in NYC. I randomly do a search for a particular type of place, and I read the reviews, with the highest grade's.... Levain Bakery is another discovery. By looking at the pictures, I was expecting a much bigger place. I was walking along AMS avenue, and Levain bakery comes up quickly after turning  into 74street. It's a small place. I was coming here for the cookies. They only had three. (not sure if that is the norm). I ordered one of each. I didn't mind paying $12.00. When the girl handed me, the bag of cookies, it felt like a brick. Moving on, the cookies were amazing... Very tasty. The chocolate walnut cookies, is not overloaded with walnuts. IN-fact it is very subtle. Other than cookies, I noticed they had blueberry muffin tops. They had a few other things, but I was distracted by the cookies.... I do not find my self on the UWS too often, but I will be back at Levain if I am in the area...
At first I thought I was entering into a staff entrance, but once I stepped down into the bakery, I zoomed in on the monster cookies. The staff was incredibly friendly and suggested I get their most popular cookie, the chocolate chip walnut. A friend got a different cookie and cinnamon brioche. It was nice to talk to the staff and they even recommended places close by that we could eat lunch at. When I got home I heated the massive cookie up for about 30 seconds. I didn't think they would taste that good since they looked a bit bumpy and ugly on the outside, but this cookie tasted so delicious. The outside was crunchy and the inside soft without being doughy or raw tasting. The chocolate chips melted just the right amount t be gooey and the walnut gave a great texture contrast. I was supposed to share this cookie, but I was only able to leave one bite for my fiance! Whoops~
Levain Bakery is a much smaller storefront than I expected. You walk down a small flight of stairs into the bakery and approach the baked goods case/cashier. They have several items on display and behind the case, several of the staff are bustling away at baking I believe. It's a tiny bakery but service here is friendly. I tried the chocolate chip walnut cookie, and the baguette with jam and butter. My golly that was one of the heartiest cookies I've ever had. I think you could throw them like rocks and knock someone out. The cookie retains a very round shape and is so thick but not at all dry. It's moist and holds chocolate chips that are still gooey with chunks of walnuts. The baguette was slathered with raspberry jam and butter. I used to eat those filipino buttery skyflakes with strawberry jam when I was younger so I've always appreciated the sweet and savory combinations especially with something buttery. The baguette was definitely fresh and the crust had a bite. I would share the baguette as this treat can get too heavy with all of that jam and butter. There are a handful of stool seats if you decide to eat your order there. The bakery was practically empty when I went on a rainy weekday morning. Also, some water was in order after the cookie and baguette and although I think they have coffee, it's just a buck for a bottle of water.
These cookies are huge! And amazingly, they do NOT just taste like a giant scone. It's pretty moist the whole way through. Would I rank it as my top cookie? No, because I don't think they should legally call this a cookie. It's more of a giant delicious flour and chocolate thingy. A bit over-hyped as the best cookie in NYC, Levain is still worth a visit if you're in the UWS. 2 people can easily share one cookie (IMHO).
All right, I'm going to mix it up. I'm going to talk about something OTHER than Levain's famous chocolate chip walnut ginormous thing of a cookie. This is one of my favorite places to go for breakfast on my way to work. Give me a baguette with butter and jam, and I am one happy girl. I normally don't like jam, but when you slap some jam onto that buttered baguette, I don't know, I just can't get enough. Also, their sour cream coffee cake is the bomb. DA BOMB. It's moist, buttery and scrumptious. I just bought two slices of it this morning. It's sitting next to my computer as I am writing this review. But yeah, get yourself some of that coffee cake. It's on the expensive slice ($3 a slice), but it's a thick slice and surprisingly filling. And the cinnamon butter brioche is good too. I mean, it's cinnamon sugar and butter. One of the best combinations ever. The space is small and quaint, and the staff is super nice and friendly. They always greet you with a smile and are happy to fulfill your craving for delicious baked goods. Another great thing is that after you order, they'll grab your muffin, cookie, baguette with butter & jam, or cinnamon butter brioche fresh from the baking sheet if it just came out of the oven. I love that. It can get quite busy in the mornings. The UWS just can't get enough of Levain. We all need our fix. I've seen the line go out the door. But.. the wait is worth it.
Best Cookies I've ever taste no more, no less enough said, go eat some
They were still open when I left work downtown, and I was staring at pictures of the walnut chocolate - chip cookies all day long.  The shop was a bit hard to find when I exited the subway, but I followed my nose. I bought one of each flavor, to eat by myself, not realizing how big and deliciously dense these cookies are.  If you are a sharing-type of person, you could split a cookie between two people (I am not a sharing-type of person, yeah...that's right, get your hands off my cookie, or you lose the hand....) Dense, melty chocolate, not too sweet.  Worth the trip if you don't live in the area.  It will make your whole week sweet. World's most perfect cookie.
I guess I'm just going to reiterate what all the yelpers said- best chocolate chip cookies in the city. For $4 you get a wonderfully densed (about 1/4 of a pound) chocolate chip cookie. The cookie is so densed, the inside isn't baked all the way so it yields a chewy and moist interior (oh. my. god. heaven!) The bakery is really small, there is no room for you to sit inside (although from what I recall, they have a bench outside). Staff is super friendly. This is one of those grab it and go kind of places. Best part, the cookies are still warm when you eat them!
OMFG!!! THE BEST COOKIE I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!! HANDS DOWN!! I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie and my boyfriend had the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, both were GREAT! Yea it is pricey but I think that for the amount of cookie and amazing ooey gooey flavor its $3.25 well spent in my eyes. Will def go back here!! again again and again forever!! Even though I feel like I'm gaining 10 pounds at every bite.... I must have another cookie!!!!
Full on cookie-gasm. There aren't really any downsides to a Levain cookie - outside of  the fact that its probably 2 meals worth of calories. Go. Eat. Enjoy.
very nice cookies, cakes and coffee
A sweet revelation in NYC!! Must try. Fantastic creations and awesome, smiley, friendly staff... wish I can say the same about @DominiqueAnsel 's bakery staff and their 'we are god's gift to earth' attitude
$4 for the largest and heftiest cookie ever!  Seriously one cookie can be served as a dessert for 3-4 people.  We got two of each flavor and a week later we (husband, sister, and me) are trying to get through them.  We got them when the were fresh and warm where they were crunchy on the outside and softy and gooey inside.  My husband and sister's favorites were the chocolate walnut.   My favorite was the oatmeal raisin(I tend to not like walnuts though).  The chocolate chocolate chip and the chocolate peanut butter cookies were equally delicious.  On the plus side, the counter people were super friendly and helpful.  How can you not smile when they smell freshly baked cookies in the air? Side note: I also overheard a counter person speaking French and saying that his French was minimal but clearly he wanted to do his best to be helpful!
The chocolate chocolate chip is the perfect cookie--if by "cookie" you mean a confection that weighs about as much as a toddler and can feed a family of four. If you insist on tackling this thing solo, I'd recommend arming yourself with a quart of milk before you enter. You can't hope to make it through alive otherwise. Also, don't hang around in the shop. It's too small, and it's more like a working bakery than a restaurant. Better to go for a walk in Central Park while you eat. The fresh air does wonders for your appetite, and if you're overcome by sugar overload, you can flag down a passing cop for medical assistance.
Levain, what are you doing to me?! After several friends told me that I had to go back and give them just 1 last chance, I finally went and got a fresh out of the oven chocolate chip walnut... So THAT'S what the praise is all about.
BEST COOKIE IN THE WORLD!!!  I have had my share of cookies both homemade and bought. Doughy - check Gooey- check Flavorful- check I don't even like nuts in my cookies, but I didn't even notice them and they just enhance the flavor profile of the cookie.  I think it's pretty finely chopped in there.   I tried finding some copycat recipes and apparently one of the secret ingredients is cornstarch.   MUST TRY WHEN YOU'RE IN NY!!!
These cookies are so supple and comforting that you'll be weeping and short of breath by the time you round Amsterdam. The store front is cute, tucked away from the busy avenue, and descends down into a surprisingly large interior, most of which is an open baking and work space.  There are only a handful of stools, so it's not the place to come and spend the afternoon being serenaded by chocolate chips.  But, as someone who came all the way from Brooklyn for a $4 cookie,  the sensation of nuanced textures--the lightly crunchy outside, the cake-like inside, the sweet bursts of chocolate chips--and the awesome size of it made it one life-changing pilgrimage.
A co-worker brought in a sampling of Levain's amazing cookies last week (she confessed to liking cookies as much as I like cupcakes). "What's the big deal," I thought, "a cookie is a cookie." Silly me... The word in the office got out. Three enormous cookies were divided and devoured in less than 10 minutes between a handful of worker bees. By the time I made it upstairs to the scene, I'd missed out on the chocolate and the peanut butter chunk specimens. But I scored the last morsel of the walnut choc-chip! I ate it. My jaw ached (in a good way). My legs got weak (in a good way). It was a rare, sweet revelation... I'd stumbled upon NYC's best damn cookie! (I actually left work early that day, trekked down to W74th and picked up 2 more for movie night with a pal. Seemed like a legitimate reason to cut and run, right?)
I probably don't need to heap more praise on the little UWS basement that churns out pieces of edible joy, but I can't resist. Ever since I discovered it, no other cookie comes close. Words fail to do justice to those melting chocolate morsels wrapped in gooey, slightly undercooked dough. The last time I went, my foodgasm was so intense that I completely lost control and ended up buying a $25 Levain T-shirt. Now I stare at it longingly, wishing I could eat it.
Delicious HUMONGOUS cookies.   There was a long line that snaked out the door, but it moved pretty quickly.  Staff was quick, efficient, and friendly.  And did I mention the gigantor cookies??  I bought an extra one to eat on my trip home, and it still tasted good a couple days after I bought it.
I came here after checking yelp for a bakery after my walk through Central Park and it got such great reviews I thought it was worth a trip.  The place is really tiny and can only really accommodate 8-10 people inside ordering before you feel like you're being crammed into a subway car during rush hour.  The staff is really friendly so I loved that.  I was a little disappointed in the cookies though.  I ordered the chocolate chip and the chocolate one with nuts.  The cookies are really thick and look great, but the chocolate chip cookie was kind of bland for my taste.  I wanted chocolate oozing out as I tore through the cookie, but it broke off and it was moist, but the cookie was bland.  I can't say that it's the best cookie I've had in NY.
For some reason, I was expecting a much fancier place, but this is literally just a walk in/walk out type place with two small counters with stools.  I visited Levain hoping it wasn't one of those overly hyped-up places.... and, well, it lived up to the hype. At $4 a pop, these cookies ain't cheap, but after eating (or splitting) one, you'll see that it's worth it every now and then.  It's true what they say - these are indeed some magical cookies, but I wouldn't exactly call it my favorite.  These thick cookies are crispy on the outside and warm, half-baked on the inside... making them quite unique. Can't say anything about the other cookies as I have not had them, but if you're a Levain noobie like me, go for the chocolate walnut (assuming you're not allergic to nuts).  It'll satisfy your sweet tooth for sure.
double chocolate chip was the best. i highly recommend warming it in the microwave for 10-15 seconds before consumption.
This is not a cookie, it's a flippin biscuit. $4 a cookie which, isn't cheap considering it's all dough but definitely a must visit place. Cookies are crispy on the outside, warm, soft and gooey on the inside. I'm not a fan of walnuts but, really enjoyed it in the cookie. The cookie actually had a lot more chocolate chips then I would have like though. I know I know, it's a chocolate chip cookie but, it's still a cookie! I would like to see some batter and not just chocolate because if that's what I wanted, I would have just had a chocolate bar. I think it's important to let the dough stand out in a cookie just as much as the ingredients and I felt that was lost in this case. It's still a great cookie that is worth the try but, a tad bit overrated.
Best. Cookie. Ever. I'm actually craving one as I write this review. I thought it was definitely worth the $4 for a chocolate chip walnut cookie. It's a huge, thick cookie. It's like they just grabbed a huge handful of dough, plopped it onto a cookie sheet, and baked it. You'll get the best of both worlds: crispy on the outside and still doughy on the inside. I bought one of these and nibbled on it while I took a stroll through Central Park, and I still couldn't finish it! Prepare yourself with a glass of milk so you can devour this monster of a cookie.
I seriously want to know how many calories are in one of these bad boys..... cause they are RICH and HUGE! OMG, SO GOOD THOUGH!!!! Definitely not something I'd want to eat on a regular basis, but holy crap are they good.
Divine!  The chocolate chip walnut is crispy on the outside, but soft and slightly gooey on the inside. Brings me back to childhood (if I had chocolate chip cookies this good during childhood). It's a NY experience to eat one of these while walking around the UWS on a sunny weekend afternoon.
Cupcakes are so two years ago. It's all about the cookie and Levain Bakery, hands down, has the best cookie in the city. Perfectly moist, dense and rich. I highly recommend the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. It's HEAVEN!
Holy mother of god, their cookies are to die for!  I don't even know where to begin to describe how delicious and amazing their cookies are.  They are crunchy on the outside and gooey and soft on the inside, and they are RIDICULOUSLY HUGE!  I love it!  I also like the fact that they are not overly sweet.  My ultimate favorite is their chocolate chip walnut cookie.  I love it so much that I was about to pay $22 to ship 4 of their chocolate chip walnut cookies to myself on my birthday this year.  If you haven't tried their cookies, you're missing out on the best, most divine cookies you can possibly ask for in this world.  Trust me, I'm not exaggerating, try the cookies for yourself and you'll know what I'm talking about!
These cookies are the size of my face... and every flavor is good. They are soft and gooey, crispy and delicious. Considering that the price of a cookie half the size is probably comprable, you might as well get your money's worth.
My sister and I walked from the 90s and second avenue to this upper west side joint - our consensus ---so worth the walk! Man you should really go to this place hungry because these cookies are huge and definitely deserve the full capacity of your stomach. They're nice and crispy on the outside, and doughy on the outside.  I really loved the moistness inside, I felt like the chocolate chips almost overwhelmed and took away from the texture of the cookie. Also, the glass of milk they give you - really small, I'd buy a milk chug before hand. Hah a lot of effort for some great cookies.
I love cookies. Really i love food but cookies are yummy. From the great reviews on this and having seen Levain featured on some tv shows i was pretty excited... but i was disappointed...felt this was overhyped.  I got a few things, not just the chocholate chip walnut cookies (i love chocolate..i love walnuts...WIN right?!) but everything fell flat for me....i had such high hopes and feel bad giving this only 2 stars...
Best cookie I've ever had! Seriously! I don't know how they do it, but every time you bite into one of their chocolate cookies it's always perfectly moist and the chocolate is almost molten. Lets just say I'm very happy that I don't live in walking distance to Levain, if I did I'd be fat as a house, I'd just have to have a cookie every day! Probability of return: uhhh duh!
How can you go wrong with a cookie on steroids?! :P We had Levain bookmarked during our first trip to NYC late last year. Thank GOD we made the time to take the subway and trek our mcfatty foodie booties to this place. :) It's located on a pretty residential looking corner, and only about 2-3 blocks from Central Park. We knew there was no point in finding the sign to this bakery because there was already a huge line out the door when we crossed the street. Even with the long line, it moves very quickly and the staff here are very efficient. Yes, we all know I'm frugal and can be on the mccheapy side when it comes to food but at $4 a pop for one of these delectable, warm, ooey gooey, best-thing-since-sex cookies...it's soooo damn worth it! I got myself the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. Brad C. got himself the Oatmeal Raisin and their most popular, the Chocolate Chip Walnut. I bit into my huge chunk-o-chocolatey-goodness...and it was probably one of the messiest encounters I've had with a cookie...not gross messy, sexy-sugary messy. ;) Now, we also know I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but there was something special about this dark choco dough...and the peanut butter chips...shall I say chunks, were huge! SOOOOO BOMB! I got to try some of Brad C.'s cookies, and I seriously can say...neither of them were disappointing. And we got to enjoy them fresh, right out the oven. No better way than that I tell ya! I can't wait to be back in NY and seriously skip breakfast and lunch just so I can fill my tumtum up with these ginormous cookies! :D
On my last day in NYC, I made it a point to stop by Levain and see what the fuss was all about.  After a $30 cab ride to and from my hotel, I'm glad I had a chance to check it out.  I bought 3 of the 4 cookies that were offered to share with my coworkers:  the chocolate pb chip, chocolate chip walnut, and the oatmeal.   What else do I need to say about these cookies that hasn't been said?  Yes, they're huge.  Yes, they're good.  The cookies were moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Here's the order of liking: 1.  chocolate pb chip - almost brownie-like 2.  chocolate chip walnut - a classic 3.  oatmeal raisin - not enought oatmeal, too many raisins Although the cookies were good, my coworkers and I felt that they were too sweet.   If you're in the area and you're a cookie fan, check it out.
My friend told me that sugar helps build muscle. If that's true, Levain is gonna help me get ripped! at $4 a cookie, it is definitely at that price point where you have to really consider your purchase. They are huge though, big enough to split with someone else. They are chewy, soft, and serve awesome classics like Chocolate Chip with Walnut along with some more unique combos like Dark Chocolate with Peanut Butter chips. mmmm!
It never feels cool to buy into the hype and agree with the masses...but everything you've heard or read about Levain Bakery is probably true. These are, hands down, the most awesome cookies I have ever had! I first heard about Levain on the Food Network and decided to make a trip to the UWS to try them. I was walking down Broadway and turned onto West 74th Street but couldn't find it. About halfway down the block (and I'm not even lying about this), my nose perked up the way a cartoon character's does when they smell something amazing (Think Pepe Le Pew floating along). And just like that, I followed the most heavenly scent back up the block, across the street, and down the stairs into Levain Bakery. These cookies are less than a cookie than they are a sort of cookie-cake hybrid. They have that nice firm cookie bite on the outside but then almost become cake-like and gooey on the inside. I've always been partial to a more chewy cookie so these were right up my alley. I tried the chocolate chip walnut, the chocolate peanut butter chip, and, my far and away favorite, the chocolate chocolate chip (which I'm convinced contains five pounds of chocolate in each cookie). At over $4 a cookie, they are pricey but given the size of each one, I had no problem with it (They charge $2.50 in Grand Central for Toll House cookies which, while good, are no where near the quality of Levain's cookies). Cookie Monster may not discriminate but you should. Get yourself up to Levain Bakery and have the ultimate in cookie goodness.
I've met the cookie of my dreams! Chocolate walnut and oatmeal raisin are my favs. They are the size of a large scone. chewy, hearty yumminess. I biked across the GWB for these cookies.
My family and I was vacationing in New York and we walked from 32 st to 74th st just to get a taste of Levain Bakery's cookies. OH MY GOODNESS; IT WAS SO WORTH IT. Have you ever ate something so good that you just wanted to ... well.. CRY?! Well I had one of those moments when I tried the chocolate chip walnut cookie from Levain Bakery. It was chunky, chocolatey, chewy, warm, crispy, and more that delicious. I just wanted to eat it and eat it and eat it and then have another one (in fact I had two). I watched an episode on The best thing I ever ate on Food Network and the guy wasn't kidding when he said Levain Bakery was THEE place to go for cookies. Sho, I even heard a group of women talking about this place when I was on the subway. It's that Good! If you're ever in New York, get your self over there and treat yourself to something amazingg.
Amazing cookies! They look deceivingly biscuit like but then you break it in half and it is filled with moist delicious gooeyness.
scookieudge [also see scookownie]: noun. 1. the hybridized and heterogenous outcome of levain's cookie that maintains the tact of a scone, cookie, and fudge [or brownie] in no particular order. 2. massive cookie with an average height of 1.5 inches per cookie available in delicious options, the most notable being the peanut butter chocolate chip. levain's bakery itself, is almost smaller than the cookies they serve. the drop-in and pick up service has businessmen, students, daycare teachers, and various others in a high stakes bid screaming, "walnut chocolate chip, walnut chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin!" with all the hollering, you'd think they'd be screaming about the $4 tag per cookie; maybe it's the adrenaline choco-raisin anticipation, very few seem to mind. i vouch that dark chocolate peanut butter chip is the stand-out. the savory peanut butter rounded out the bitter gooey dark chocolate. hence, i didn't get a sweet attack. chocolate chip walnut wasn't my favorite and felt the regret as i hadn't gotten oatmeal. you could compare this cookie to swankier peers like blue ribbon bakery, bouchon bakery, jacque torres, etc. but on texture alone, they are on different atmospheres. if you buy here, throw your assumptions of the ideal cookie out. if you are a stickler for ratios, the balance of cookie to dough to crunch is a jumble here too. i intend to go back and try their other offerings among the sweet savants once my wallet and wrist stop aching from the (over all) weight of their goods.
$4 for a cookie?$6 for a loaf of bread? This place is expensive and don't live up to the hype. I read how everyone is amazed by the size of the cookie - it's definitely  not that big nor that delicious. I am disappointed . the only thing good is you know all the product is fresh from the high turnover due to the long line / crowd
I stumbled onto this bakery, saw the line out the door and said I have to try. The experience with the employees was A+. They were all so cute as they sang to Katie Perry when she came on the radio, seems like such a fun place to work. The chocolate chip cookie with walnuts was unbelievable! Gooey, oozy, huge and delicious. Worth $4. One cooke definitely feeds 2 people. Can't wait to go back.
Why can't Miami have a Levain Bakery?  We may have the great weather, but you can't get a decent cookie in this town.  Yesterday, while vising New York, we sloshed 1 mile to and 1 mile from in the rain to experience Levain's cookies.  So definitely worth it!  Warm and moist monsters of cookies!  We can't wait to go back.
I heard about Levain some time ago, when we walked past way, way after close. From my hazy memory it was probably so late they were just getting ready to start opening, but that's a tale for another day. Today I found myself heading nearby (to the Beacon Theatre - more on that in it's own review when the time comes).  Doors opened at 7, and Levain closed at 7.  Add a delay on the subway, and I roll in the doors at 6:50 and see an almost empty display cabinet, and still people continued to rush into the tiny space to grab anything they could get. Me? I settled on a four dollar (FOUR DOLLAR!) cookie, but it turned out to be both the size of my fist, and the most delicious thing to ever grace the face of the earth, so in light of that I suppose it was worth at least five.
This is the best cookie I have ever had.  I can say this because I have been to Levain twice now.  Each occasion was separated by a span of almost 7 months.  I cannot fathom coming to New York again and not indulging in a double chocolate chip cookie from Levain. It's the size of a baseball.  It is moist inside like a hardening lava field.  It's outer surface has the slightest hint of a crisp to hold in the bliss of warm chocolate.  The interior is striated with bulbs of liquid cocoa.  Did I mention it is bigger than my fist?
I'll be honest, the steep metal stairs leading into a basement of a bakery with a selection large enough to only satisfy the most stereotypical of consumers made me feel a bit like I was in Chinatown in search of a fake Louis V purse. However, the moment I bit into that THICK, FLUFFY, RICH, FLAVORFUL, SUCCULENT, ADDICTIVE, PERFECT, CHOCOLATE, CHIP COOKIE I didn't care.  It's nice to have a bakery that sticks with their strong points.  Who cares about cannolis, lobster tails, e'cleres etc. A COOKIE IS ALL YOU NEED
Literally the best cookies I have ever tasted. You are seriously missing out if you have not tried them yet. Ohh sooo good... mmmmm.....
Oh Levain Bakery. I dream of you. I wish you stayed open later. You have such a limited selection of cookies and each one is a perfect 10. Bless you Levain bakery. Goodnight.
One of the most delicious chocolate chip-walnut cookies, ever. It's basically a blob-like cookie mass, slightly underbaked and stuffed with chocolate and walnuts -- and the perfect combination of squishy/crispy. The price is out.of.control, though, so minus one star for that. Other delicious things to definitely try: cinnamon OR chocolate brioche loaf, peanut butter-chocolate cookies, double chocolate cookies, and the coffee cake!
The best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had. Period.
I used to think that their signature chocolate chip cookie was the best baked good they had. It's a massively thick cookie that when you bite into it, you taste chocolate that's like fudge or a brownie, but then after a few more bites...it's definitely a cookie. THe most heavenly cookie imaginable. But then I tried the Valrhona chocolate buns and it blew my mind. So did the butter and jam baguette. Seriously amazing baked goods all around. Just make sure you get there early - these items don't last.
Only I run across Central Park only to stop for baked goods at Levaine.  Kinda defeats the purpose of working out.  If you like big, chunky, warm cookies, this place is for you!  I tend to prefer cookies that have a bit of chewiness to them, but I can't deny that this place excels at the type of cookie they make.   While they seem to be known for their cookies, personally I think their chocolate chip brioche is the DA BOMB!!  Soft, doughy, with just enough chocolate in the middle, and topped with cinnamon sugar. YUUUUUMMMMMM! So deliciously amazing that I would secretly say a little prayer wishing that they weren't sold out (as is usually the case) on my way to Levaine.  I recently learned that you can call ahead and ask them to set some aside for you, which I did and they seemed happy to oblige.  I'm already planning my next trip just for the brioche.
The best cookie in NYC - Heavyweight champions weighing in at like 3 lbs apiece. My favorite thing to do is buy a box of cookies and then hand off to an unsuspecting friend: - How many cookies do you speculate are in this box? - *Shakes box* Twelve? Sixteen? - FOUR. As such, I surmise a serving is meant to be shared, but usually what I do is nibble away at one cookie the entire day in one long, greasy, self-indulgent spree (and the next day I weigh ~3 lbs heavier). The shop is small and slightly tucked away down a few steps (and next to a laundromat if I recall correctly?). I swear descending into the shop smells like entering heaven. How do the people who work there not balloon up to Augustus Gloops? It's a mystery. Chocolate chip walnut is indisputably the best, although I have sampled oatmeal and the double chocolate as well to much enjoyment. They do accept credit cards and they also sell milk for the people (such as myself) who cannot wait to get home to rip into their purchases.
Chocolate walnut cookie. crunchy on the surface, and ajf;oewijoiwaejfliwejwoie on the inside. must try....
Upon telling a few friends that I was visiting NYC, one common recommendation came up again and again: if you have a sweet-tooth and/or like cookies go to Levain Bakery. Well, I mean I was planning to go anyway, but that really confirmed it. I first heard about Levain via a Bobby Flay Throwdown. The bakery was started up by two triathletes that wanted a big yummy cookie for calorie intake - and boy did they succeed in that doing so! And so I dragged a friend who still hadn't been and WOW... yep it really is the best cookie I've ever had. The cookies are big and heavy. I'd describe them as half-saucers. They are chunky and weigh a good 5-6 ounces. I, of course, had to order milk to go with the cookies (ordered two - double chocolate and the PB). To me, the best part of these massive cookies is that the middle was still soft and almost, I daresay, uncooked cookie dough. Thank goodness I don't live nearby because I would go there often.
Absolutely lives up to the reputation. Dark chocolate peanut butter... I can't even put it into words. Yes, they are $4 but it's worth it. They are so monstrous you practically get two cookies anyway. Go. Go now and never look back!
Their cookies must be made in heaven because they are THAT good. At $3.25 a cookie it's worth the price. Very small bakery but very quick and efficient. For first timer, make sure you try their chocolate chip walnut cookie.
Hands down the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had!  We went to the one on the Upper West Side which is a small bakery tucked away on a side street off of Amsterdam.  The line was out the door.  However, it moved fast and we didn't wait too long at all.  There are a couple of chairs inside and a bench outside, but don't bank on sitting and eating, it might have to be to go.  The staff was nice and efficient.  Once we got our warm cookies and a cup of coffee, it was like heaven on earth.  Will definitely be back.
The best cookie I have ever had in the entire world- and agreed with the person I shared it with. I dream about these cookies they are that amazing. I tried the chocolate chip walnut and the double dark chocolate and both were excellent. Even after sitting in a bag for 30 minutes they were still completely warm and gooey. These cookies are also the size of a large scone but entirely more moist. The entire place smells like willy wonka factory and I will go back every chance I get- a must go to place to try the most incredible cookie- completely worth the wait.
nyc residents are so lucky given the high volume/turnover of items.  a prime example -- chocolate chip walnut cookie.  you walk downstairs to a counter, stand in line for a few minutes, and voila! a warm cookie right off the cookie sheet.  so good, but also bring a drink (their coffee is watered down).  you can see the guys in the back rolling the massive dough balls that transform into the amazing soft, rich, ooey-gooey, crispy outer edges, soft cookie dough inside.  anthony's cookie in sf also similar style but not massive like this.
The cookies are yummy but they don't exactly satisfy my cookie cravings the way that they should.  Let me explain what I mean by this.  My idea of a perfect cookie is something that is dense with a slight chew to it and is soft and gooey.  Although these cookies were dense, they were not chewy and were actually almost cake-like in consistency.  This might be a long stretch, but they almost had a profile of a cookie-muffin hybrid.   That being said, their version of a cookie was still delicious.  I'm very happy they had cold milk available with their cookies.  I minus one star because they don't serve a classic chocolate chip cookie with no nuts.  how is this even possible? lol
I have a major sweet tooth but I never LOVED cookies. I like them, don't get me wrong, but if I'm aching for something sugary I will hunt for brownies, ice cream, cake, anything but cookies. I saw this on Unique Sweets on cooking channel and I knew I had to try one. Expect the line to be out the door, but that means fresh cookies coming out every few minutes! I ordered the chocolate chip walnut cookie and as Zac Young described it "they are cookie mountains you want to climb, with your mouth". And that's exactly what I did.
I am certainly on the road to diabetes..  I stopped by here intending to get a few cookies to go for later because I was in the neighborhood and had been wanting to try these but had just eaten a super sugary sweet breakfast of nutella & marshmellow cream covered crepes and was probably way over the regular sweet tooth's sugar quota for the day. I ordered one choc walnut & one dark choc pb TO GO.. I was hanging out by the piers with some friends afterward and thought..  oo I'll just taste one little bite of each.. long story short.. nibble by nibble I couldn't stop and devoured both cookies on my own! (gfs were all sugared out from our crepe adventure) Dang these were some outrageously good cookies! Thick puffy dense rich ultra chocolatey and sweet!! mmmm.... It annoys me to look down at the some of the reviews that complain 'too sweet' 'too rich' etc.. DUDE these cookies are advertised as ultra rich & indulgent! what do you expect? Rate based on what you are ordering not your preference.. if you prefer something less sweet, get a freaking muffin, don't order a cookie from here!! they have other options smarty pants! arg.. anyways.. Levain i love you for indulging my ultra sweet tooth. and to all you haters.. I'll happily take any spare cookies off your hands! :)
I have now tried all 4 cookie flavors and can say without a doubt that this place is incredibly amazing.  My ranking: 1) chocolate chip walnut 2) tie for oatmeal raisin and chocolate chocolate chip and 3) chocolate peanut butter chip. I generally don't like nuts in my cookies but the walnuts in the chocolate chip cookie really enhance the chocolate.  The oatmeal raisin, while usually not a favorite cookie of mine, was perfectly undercooked and tasted more like butter than oatmeal (score!).  The chocolate chocolate chip is almost like a brownie - it's so heavy and rich.  I wasn't a huge fan of the chocolate peanut butter chip but others I shared the cookie with enjoyed it.  I think I just don't like peanut butter chips. Thank you, Levain, for the best cookie-eating experience in NYC!
The cookie: I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie, which was devine. Seriously, it was enormous, it had an amazing break-apart feel to it, it had a slight warmth in the core (I love that more, because I hate melty - gooey cookies; much prefer the "Gramma just baked some cookies and put them on the windowsill and I snagged 2 or 5. No big deal"). The space: Small, cosy, crowded. To be expected, as it's more of a neighborhood staple. Tons of people were coming in and asking for specific things because they knew the menu so well. I like that feel! The iced coffee: Not a fan that they didn't have simple syrup for the coffee. WHY don't bakeries understand that sugar doesn't dissolve in iced coffee?? Tasted fine without it, but would've been a slightly better WITH it! Def. coming back for their other flavors!
Omg. Their $4 cookies are so worth it. Compare this to $1 insomnia cookies, these are at least 4 times better and bigger. It is beyond me how these talented people can craft a cookie that is so crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside. In addition to the cookies, their loafs are a must try, especially the BANANA CHOCOLATE CHIP. Not always available, but for $3 a slice, so worth it. Best baked goods ever!!!!!!
We would trek uptown just to go to Levain.  Love the oatmeal raisin scones!  So buttery....The double chocolate chip walnut is a bit too sweet for our taste, even though we still get it from time to time.
Huge ass cookie and heavy. Its about $4 for a cookie I think.
One of the city's leading baked goods, matchless to any other: Levain's Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie.
Everything I've ever had from Levain has been amazingly delicious.  You really can't go wrong.  Be forewarned though: the cookies are super-decadent, so you may want to just order one and see how that goes first instead of ordering one of each and then having to carry around a bag of cookies for the rest of the day.  I'm partial to the oatmeal raisin because it's not as sweet and rich as some of the others.
I'm on this bandwagon! I went in the morning and the line was out the door but it moved very fast. The girls working the counter were swift and smiley. I had a $4 chocolate chip cookie. It was the size of a scone and like no cookie I've had before. It had giant chunks of walnuts and melty chocolate. So good!
I feel SO guilty giving them only three stars, as I have enjoyed their cookies many a time, but when I really think about it, I think the cookies may be a tad overrated. Yes, you're getting a massive, gooey, chocolate- or peanut butter- or whatever-chip-filled cookie that's the size of your face, but a) you're certainly paying for it, b) it doesn't really take such ingenuity to make a decent chocolate chip walnut cookie, does it? and c) warm baked goods are always going to be deceptively tasty, aren't they? Maybe therein lies the beauty of Levain... in the fresh bakedness of the cookies? But again, that may only be a supply/demand/timing thing? Worth a visit... not necessarily worth repeat visits.
Their dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie and chocolate chip walnut cookie are DELICIOUS! The wait was a little long in the cold, but it was worth the wait. The cookies are humongous! Crunchy on the outside and gooey on the inside = my kind of cookie. A lot of people in front of me got the slice of pumpkin loaf. I didn't get it, but it looked delicious as well. Definitely will go back again.
If I even won the lottery, I'd use my winnings on Levain Bakery. This place is amazing and makes the price ($4/cookie) seem nominal after the first bite.  This was on my list of places to visit in NYC and made the last day of my trip seem like the icing on the cake.  I heart NYC and  I heart Levain.  They have a variety of cookies and other pastries. but the fist-sized cookies are by far my favorite. I'm not kidding when I say "fist-size." You can see them baking and they literally form a ball of dough in hands and place them on the cookie sheet.   I've only been to the Upper West side location.  I met a friend there for brunch and wasn't aware of the size of the place.  They have ~5 bar stool chairs against the wall, so don't expect to stay long or not be bombarded by people.  Also, like every NY shop, peruse the menu ahead of time so you don't hold up the line.  Don't be surprised if there's a line outside the door either. Hours: Mon-Sat 8am-7pm, Sun 9am-7pm Odd fact: Did I mention I had a friend work there for day? Okay, so maybe that's not a claim to fame or anything, but that's all I got!
Good but overrated * you cant go wrong with chocolate chip and walnut cookie. Lots of chips and a fair amount of walnuts to break up the sweetness * the regular chocolate chip is too sweet and a little too doughy rather than being crispy outside and gooey inside, but thats what happens with such a large cookie * the other bakery items we got were all of good quality
No lengthy review needed- this place is obviously a NY favorite and a must. If you haven't been here you're either lactose intolerant or are living under a rock- seriously the best cookie I've ever had.....ever. You've been warned-proceed with caution as they are humongous.
Love these cookies! It's dangerous that this place is located only a few blocks from my apartment. My favorite is chocolate peanut butter. My only wish is that they would make the chocolate chip cookie without nuts! Nuts ruin cookies in my opinion.
I am a real cookie addict.  I can wax poetic about dozens of different cookies available in numerous venues around NYC.  I must say, I was a bit "underwhelmed" with Levain.  To me, the cookies are like giant, heavy hockey pucks.  They certainly use good ingredients, but I just wasn't all that wowed.  Almost all of the cookies had nuts in them too, which may be one reason I didn't like it that much.
Awesome bakery: the cookies (get the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie) are as big as scones ($4 - but definitely worth the cost...its filling and extremely good). The cookie was moist and rich (so good). They also make great cinnamon brioche. Combined with the friendly customer service, this place is 5 stars and everyone should visit here at least once.
Levain is best known for its cookies. These cookies are large - and best when still warm and fresh out of the oven. At $3.50 each they're definitely not cheap. The cookies are crispy and crunchy on the outside and thick and doughy on the inside - for all the different cookie combinations they have! Although everyone talks about their chocolate chip cookies or their chocolate peanut butter cookies I think they're much too sweet - especially for cookies that size. My preference is for the oatmeal raisin cookies, which are still sweet, but just enough. It's generally difficult to find crispy/doughy oatmeal raisin cookies (more common for chocolate chip) so this is a nice treat. Come early in the day if you can because Levain has a bigger selection of breads and sandwiches (like the valhrona soughdough roll and the apple spice bread) that tend to run out in the afternoon. It does not live up to the hype for its cookies, in my opinion, but their other items are good - like the vahlrona sourdough rolls...
WOW. But I can't say it has the best cookies ever because they are more like brownies. Would definitely recommend everyone come to this iconic bakery in the upper west wide, the peanut butter chip dark chocolate cookie will blow your mind. You might need to share it because it is so dense, but totally worth the calories! There will probably be a line but it moves quickly. I definitely want to try the scones.
I don't think I've ever had a cookie that made me put on my "oh my lord this is good face" until now. I thought, and probably still think $4 is ridiculous but at the same time their baking execution is very good. Chocolate chip walnut cookie? Golden brown on top, undercooked in the middle for a really chewy bite, and melted chocolate EVERYWHERE. It's a pretty dense cookie and it is really rich. I actually kind of regret not buying more than one and bringing some back to California. Oh, and shoutouts to the helpful employees here because they are awesome and hilarious.
Oh my god, BEST COOKIE EVER. If I were to eat any dessert for the rest of my life, it would be a Levain chocolate chip walnut cookie, hands down. These cookies are perfectly crispy on the outside, and oh so soft and gooey on the inside..even 2 days old(reheat at 325 for 7 minutes!)! The people who work there are also super nice! My brother and I bought 18(ridiculous, I know) to bring home, and they happily wrapped each cookie individually, and boxed them neatly packed together. They even tied the box with blue ribbon! :) I love you, Levain chocolate chip walnut cookie.
its a bit hyped up , the cookies are huge globs of dough and they dont even have regular chocolate chip cookies , they are ok though , i would rather get cookies from ms fields store , imo this is not the best cookie in NYC , i also went to Jacques Bakery , they had really good cookies...
I love gooey cookies! Chocolate Chip Walnut is SO BOMB. It was so fresh when it came out. I broke it in half and the chocolate was oozing out. It's a pretty thick cookie, hefty, one is enough for one person on the go. I tried the Dark Choc too but too chocolatey for me. Cute little hidden bakery in the basement - the best kind.
Best cookie I have ever had, by far!!! They are scrumptious tokens of heaven... chewy and perfect.  I would highly recommend a trip to this Upper West Side treasure.   My favorite: Dark Chocolate w/Peanut Butter Chips
try every one of them. amazing amazing amazing! thats all i can say.
Go.  Try the sourdough chocolate-filled roll.  It may just be my new all-time favorite chocolate anything.  Simple & perfect!  Staff is wonderful - patient & kind.  This is an outstanding little place that far outshines larger & fancier establishments!
Amazing cookies!!! i normally don't like cookies but this place is amazing!!! make sure you bring a friend cause the cookies are humongous!!! you can share with 4 ppl!! My favorite is the chocolate peanut butter chip and the chocolate chip cookie!! You'll have the best sugar high money can buy!!!
there's a lot more to rave about than just the cookies. if i'm here for breakfast, i usually get an iced coffee and a blueberry muffin. for lunch, i'll order one of the pizzas, preferably the artichoke. yum. plus, the staff here is exceedingly nice.
THIS PLACE IS A SICK JOKE TRY ALL THE COOKIES MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR A CUP OF MILK (its $1.50) I had Levain in my bookmarks for a very long time, but I'm from Miami and didn't know when I'd be back in New York so we could finally meet. I'm a fan of cookies but was skeptical about how great these could actually be, because, hello, they are just cookies. I ordered one of each (chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and dark chocolate peanut butter chip). They should actually all be called "you need to eat this more than you need anything else in your life". No photo will ever do them justice.
Uhhhhhmazing!
This bakery knows what a fantastic cookie should taste like and beat Bobby Flay on the chocolate chip cookie throwdown on Food Network.  Not that I needed another reason to visit a bakery for an afternoon cookie. These crunchy-on-the-outside-chewy-on-the-inside creations are hard to consume all in one sitting, even for the cookie monster that I am.  Mine was still warm when I took it out of the bag, and not only did it win over my taste buds, but the cookies are so aromatic that I could smell it sitting next to my friend as she was finishing the remains of her cookie later that night! There's very limited sitting space inside, so you'll find customers standing outside or perched on neighboring apartment steps savoring their cookies.
Massive gourmet cookies that don't taste like no other! My favorite is the Chocolate Chip Walnut. personally, the dark chocolate peanut butter is a lil too much for me. their iced tea is also pretty good...i think it had a hint of passion fruit flavor in it. I got  a box of cookies for a friend and her family and they LOVED it. 8 cookies lasted a week....and were still yummy to eat!
I had the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie which was ridiculously dense, rich, and chocolatey. The cookie has a crisp exterior (a must for a chocolate chip cookie to even be considered to be eaten by me!) which gave way to a gooey center. Do not attempt to eat this cookie alone and do not eat it without a full glass of milk or coffee! I came here knowing that these cookies are huge but I did not fully realize their monstrosity until I saw a staff member laying them out on a cookie sheet to bake. The raw cookie batter for each cookie is literally the size of a softball!!!
Holy chocolate chips! This is one of the best cookies I've had in my life. I also got a piece of banana chocolate chip bread to go and it has been wonderful to munch on for a small snack. The aroma walking into this place will make you smile internally and externally. Go there. Now.
This place kind of makes me want to move to New York. The brioche with chocolate chips was amazing- brioche-y and not overwhelmingly chocolatey, the way I like it. I sampled some of my friend's cookie- sweet gott in himmel! Sweet, but not oversweet, a little bit gooey in the middle, and I could distinctly taste brown sugar and awesomeness. So, so very good.
I wouldn't need friends if these cookies were in Miami!
Amazing cookies. Not much else to say, except that this place sells my all-time favorite cookie: chocolate peanut butter chip cookies. $4 is a lot for a single cookie, but these are worth it.
Absolutely the most delectable cookie I have ever eaten in my entire life. The chocolate chip walnut and peanut butter are the best!
Chocolate chip walnut was honestly too rich for my liking, and difficult to finish without some sort of drink, but I definitely see the appeal. Slightly crunchy on the outside and a doughy-soft center with gooey chocolate.
SINFUL I love cookie dough. These are even better than cookie dough. If I lived nearby I would be 2000lbs. UPDATE 8/16: I NOW LIVE 5 BLOCKS AWAY *plays ominous music* UPDATE 8/19: I have been twice in the last 3 days...*plays more ominous music* And I have tried the chocolate peanut butter ones and I don't even like peanut butter but these may be even better than the original ones... Good thing that I'm young and somewhat metabolically gifted.
They have redefined the meaning of what a cookie is all about!!!!! I've seen several not so great reviews and it is unfortunate that you did not have the same experience as the rest of us. This little tiny basement bakery is tucked away at Upper Side Manhattan. I bought the chocolate chip walnut, chocolate chip chocolate cookie, and the oatmeal during my visit here. Oh no I didn't eat them all, although that would be very glutinous of me! My friends and I all shared it and the orgasmic look in all their faces said it all! This oversized cookie is sweet heaven from start to finish! They are cooked fresh, so fresh I actually almost burned my tongue taking my first bite! The cookie isi taken out right before it is completely cooked so you get that guey center of absolute greatness. The chocolate chip walnut cookie provides great layers of texture and crunchiness. The oatmeal cookie just brings you back home during the summer making it with grandma. The chocolate chip chocolate cookie is for those chocolate sweet tooths that can't get enough of that creamy cocoa flavor. This place is small, but it just makes the experience so much better. The ladies that run this joint are super nice and super friendly. It get's hectic down there trying to order but one bite of that cookie makes you forget everything. TEN THUMBS UP!!!
Levain is a true neighborhood gem!  It's not the place to go if you enjoy cookies of the crispy, crunchy variety, but if you're looking for serious calorie and sugar bombs, it doesn't get any better than Levain.  There are no other cookies like these in the city-- and the other baked goods are just as delectable.  The sticky buns (recently featured on an episode of Oprah, $4) are sold only on the weekends and are a great treat to kick off your Saturday mornings.  A soft chewy dough swirled with cinnamon sugar and your choice of raisins or walnuts-- so good.  And the service is always helpful and cheerful. Spots like Levain make me love my UWS neighborhood-- a pit-stop here is guaranteed to leave me with a warm fuzzy feeling: a combination of neighborhood pride and a full and happy stomach.
Sigh... I'm not going to complain about the price ok the cookie. Yes it's outrageous, but I get it. It's Manhattan, it's been on Food Network so on so forth. It's just not that good. Yes they are huge. That's really the only perk. I had two flavors: the chocolate chip w/ nuts and the double chocolate. The chocolate chip was slightly better, perhaps because it's my favorite type of cookie. The double chocolate was rich, with a good chocolate flavor. Do I regret coming here? No. Would I go back? Maybe Would this cookie make it to my death row list? Absolutely not
How is it that I've been to NYC approximately 20 times and only now discovered this place? Amazing. Everything is good, but the chocolate chip walnut cookie is a must. I wish they shipped more affordably. I shall return to New York, and my first stop, last stop, and many stops in between will be Lavain's. I hear they have an awesome cinnamon roll on weekends and I must try. I've returned, ummmm, many times. Okay, when in NYC I go daily. I have a problem.
The chocolate peanut butter cookie is the cheapest lunch on the Upper West Side.  Yes, I said lunch.  I dare you to try to eat after putting away one of those bad boys.
Wow wow wow. That's what I'm talking about. Chocolate chip cookies the size of scones. And, when they're warm from the oven.....fuggetaboutit!!
My favorite place in the City for oatmeal raisin cookies - thumb up.
Hands down most satisfying chocolate chip cookie i've ever had. These are how cookies should be! Dense (but not sickening dense) with gooey chocolate chips mixed in with walnuts. The chocolatey smell wafting from the bakery is mind blowing. Must pair with a cup of milk for maximum enjoyment.
This is the stop to make if you are looking to indulge in sweets! There was no turning back when I was waiting in line on the stairs...the smell of freshly baked cookies permeated the small storefront. Don't be discouraged by the line; it moves fairly quickly. It was nice to see the open kitchen behind the cash register and the racks of cookies waiting to be bought. Apart from a small counter by the window, there is nowhere to sit. My friend and I shared a dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. Thank goodness we shared! The rich, gooey, super sweet interior of the cookie grew increasingly overwhelming as it cooled down, but the crunchy exterior balanced it out. Nevertheless, I've never had a cookie as intense as this one before and it was definitely worth giving it a shot!
Ooey-Gooey-Goodness. There's really nothing more I can say that the other 2000 posts haven't already said. Just be warned that they cookies are soft, gooey and delicious, and you'll find yourself eating more than one - then regretting the heck out of it later once you realize how much you've consumed. But that's what the gym is for :)
My co-worker walked in on me looking at porn at work.  It was embarrassing, but it was the best kind of porn: food porn. I was looking at pictures of cookies from Levain Bakery and we were both hooked.  Since he lives on the UWS, we made a deal.  I agreed to pay for the cookies and he'd get them and bring them in.  Now the hard part....having to wait until 9am the next day. When he came in with the "score", we went to his desk to divide it.  The bag weighed like a softball (from only 2 cookies).  The cookies were dense, but soft on the inside. I took my half of chocolate chip walnut and oatmeal raisin cookies back to my office, played soft music, and got lost.  I tried to prolong eating them as long as possible - they were damn good!  This might become a weekly addiction.
Good gracious, Levain's cookies are like muffins! They're huge! The chocolate chip walnut cookie is so finger-lickin' delicious. I am a big dessert person and one cookie was a lot for me. I was kind of disappointed I didn't finish it. However, I saved it for later. Having that huge cookie with a nice glass of cold milk was enough to put me into a food coma for a few hours. I liked their cookies so much I came back 4 days later and bought 4 to take back with me. Never in my life have I imagined I would spend $15 on 4 cookies, then again, the cookies are ginormous. Praise the heavens you can order some through the mail!
Best cookies I've ever had in my life! EVER! The bakery itself is very tiny and gets packed quickly. The workers all seem so serious, but they get their job done efficiently.   They sell Chocolate Chip Walnut, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter, and Oatmeal Raisin, and each one is better than the next!!  (The also make their own thin crust pizzas which are yummy, but the cookies are the real stars here!) The cookies are HUGE (size of a hockey puck, perhaps a tad larger) and they are ALWAYS fresh.  My boyfriend is not a fan of chocolate, but even HE likes the Dark Chocolate cookie!! Actually, he's the one that found this bakery when he saw them featured on "Best Thing I Ever Ate.. Chocolate."  He surprised me with a big bag of the Dark Chocolate Cookies for Valentine's Day this year.  Ever since then, he has used Levain Bakery's cookies as his "Get Out of Trouble FREE" cards.  And it works every time!
UPDATE: had the peanut butter-chocolate cookie. HEAVEN. ON. EARTH. Why, oh why did I have to come across this cookie?! I see a ten-pound weight gain in my future if I keep this up... But its just too good to pass up! Get the peanut butter cookie, I tell ya!
If you've read my past reviews you'll probably think the following story about Levain Bakery is just more of my licentious fol-de-rol. Well kids it's absolutely true, believe it or not. This is what happened. We were walking to Central Park, and passing by Levain I said to my wife "this place has incredible chocolate chip cookies". She said "well get me one". She sat on the bench outside while I went in and got her a cookie. I took it out to her then went back inside to check out their other products. The fact that the counterperson that morning was a luscious blonde hottie had absolutely nothing to do with my interest in the baked goods on display. As I was browsing the blonde suddenly said "Oh wow what's wrong with that lady?" I turned around and realized the lady in question was MY WIFE, seated on the bench outside, who appeared to be shaking violently. Fearing the worst I rushed outside, however one look into her eyes told the whole story. My wife wasn't ill, she was having an orgasm. On her lap sat a paper napkin, which just a moment before had contained a monster-size chocolate chip cookie. And in her eyes, I saw the kind of fulfillment and genuine rapture I hadn't seen there in many years, perhaps not since our wedding night. I knelt beside her, and as her breathing began to return to normal, I asked "So how was the cookie?" She smiled, the most angelic and at the same time lascivious smile I'd ever seen. She looked at me, her face surrounded by a heavenly glow, and spoke, her voice barely a whisper, saying "get me another one". I did. Believe it or not.
You might cringe when you see that a single cookie costs $4... but not when you're at Levain's! Tucked in away from eye-level, I actually got kinda lost looking for this place. I was just on the corner, and I had asked a passerby if they knew where this was... and he didn't know! Luckily, I found it not a moment too soon... because there wasn't anyone in there! I got myself a chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was HUGE, warm, and GOOEY! Every single bite was like a piece of heaven... and when I was down to the last one, it was but sweet sorrow parting with the yummy goodness. Till we meet again cookie.
did anyone taste the cookies here. even my friends who are not a big fan of chocolate and cookies loved it. starts speak of the taste.
This place knows how to make a solid cookie...
No visit to NYC is complete w/out a trip to Levain.......this time, got to turn the Mr onto their superb deliciousness.   First up was the mood for something savory - indulged in their olive goat cheese flatbread & brought back a bunch of sweet treats for later The flatbread was chocked full of wonderfully salty olives & huge dollops of goat cheese.  I think my mistake last time I ordered this was waiting to eat it - you want to gobble this down right when it's still warm.  They heated it up & we immediately indulged & it made all the difference - it was divine! In fact, as we were sitting on their little bench outside the shop, the line out the door & around the corner couldn't help but ask us over & over again what flatbread masterpiece we were enjoying.....'cause yeah, there's gonna be a huge line.  Just get in it!! Oatmeal Raisin Cookies were just as delectable as previous visits as were the Chocolate PB Chip Cookies - so fudgy & peanut buttery This visit we also indulged in their Cinnamon Brioche & sorry to say but we now have another MUST for our parcel of goodies.  At some point, it's just going to be too heavy to carry - but we simply cannot forgo anything we've tried! It was mooshy & kind of creamy w/ a lovely cinnamon disbursement........now I'm totally intrigued to try out their other flavors of brioche Levain - you continue to be my all-time fav bakery & can't wait for our next NYC venture!
Holy moly, best cookie of my life. I had the oatmeal raison one. Their cookies-that-could-be-two-meals are huge, warm/fresh (or at least they were for me!), and all-around amazing. Worth waiting on line for 10+ minutes!
I don't know why, but I love planning fat kid adventures.  There's something about setting up a day where you can anticipate a constant barrage of absolute fucking deliciousness, and where you can feebly attempt to justify your ridiculous gluttony by doing some extra walking, that makes me all fuzzy inside. I've been to Levain twice now, both times as part of such a fat kid adventure.  The first time, I walked with a friend from 1st and 26th way up to the UWS where we proceeded to hit up Gray's Papaya, Beard Papa cream puffs, and then Levain in immediate succession.  We then effectively rolled back down to Kips Bay.  This past time, Jason H, Michelle K and I engorged on some delicious Dinosaur BBQ for lunch and then skipped merrily along the Hudson in Riverside Park, eventually making our way to this haven of sugar and butter.  If I walk a lot, it means I can haz ALL the cookies, right?? My first trip here I actually got both the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip both for myself.  That was a lot of fucking cookie.  And since I was also working my way through 6 cream puffs, I didn't get to finish em all at once.  But as a result, I learned a useful fact - these cookies actually stay surprisingly soft even a day or two after you buy them!  I tried to ration them out, and was pleasantly surprised to find them delicious and not at all stale up to about 36 hours after I bought them (though I'd still of course recommend eating them when they're fresh out of the oven). My second time here, I took it a bit easier - the 3 of us simply split 2 cookies (the same 2 as before, incidentally). There really isn't much to say other than that all of the other reviewers are right.  These cookies are big (though not quite as big as I initially expected based on the way people describe them here).  They give you both of the awesome textures that you want in a cookie: crisp outside, undercooked chewy inside.  The rich, deep flavor that they pack into these things is just pure magic.  The dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie is particularly soft, has an AWESOME chocolate flavor, and its peanut butter chips get melty and form a sort of continuous peanut butter streak that I loved.  The chocolate chip walnut is very likely the best-tasting cookie I've ever had, and this in spite of the fact that I normally consider putting nuts in a cookie to be a capital offense.  Just absolutely outstanding both times I've been, and in my opinion totally worth the hype.   I honestly don't understand how anyone can naysay this place unless they aren't a big dessert person, in which case why the hell are you buying a giant $4 undercooked cookie?  If you're a cookie person, or if you at least think you might be a cookie person, or if you'd like to buy a cookie and deliver it to me, it's worth the trip.
Levain's should consider hiring me as its one-man ad firm.I bring up their cookie delights at inappropriate times - during board meetings, therapy sessions, between sets at the gym- and with unsuspecting strangers....Encounters go something like this: Me: Hi, my name is Noodle Mountain. Potential friend, b/f, g/f, business associate: Hi Me: Are you a cookie guy? Potential friend, b/f, g/f, business associate: What?? ? Me: I just had a F*&ck me tenderly  moment with the cookie from Levain's Bakery. Potential friend, b/f, g/f, business associate: ????!!! That about sums these cookies up.
Oh. My. Gosh.  Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I stopped by this place yesterday afternoon.  I had read that the cookies were amazing...but I didn't expect them to be as amazing as they were. Things to note: The shop is super small... there probably isn't room for more than 4 people inside.  However, while small, the shop smells incredible and I could probably spend an hour or so just sitting in their inhaling the amazing-ness.  The price tag on these cookies are $4 each... which at first surprised me.  I didn't originally think they would be worth $4.. but these cookies are HUGE.  Seriously.  So, the $4 is totally worth it.  It's taken me almost 2 days to eat the cookie.   Oh yeah, and the cookies themselves are friggin' delicious!  Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip with a nice slight crunch on the outside is so super soft and gooey on the inside.  ::sigh::  now that I've finally finished my giant cookie I want another one.  Next time I'm in the UWS I am stopping by fo sho.
Insomnia cookies used to be my go-to place whenever I needed a cookie fix. Until I tried levain. OMG the best I've had. Ever. First, I like how they kept their cookies to just 4 flavors instead of all these dozen or so varieties. Second, their staff seem to be baking all day long so the cookies are always warm. Third, 4 bucks for those massive, chewy with the chocolate dripping as you take a bite from it - is a great deal! I could go and on with my reasons, but bottom line is Levain is the best cookie place in NYC! Hands down. And oh, service is great too. Soon as you walk in, they greet you with their friendly faces!
i spent about $60 on cookies (yes, COOKIES!) to ship to my bff in chicago; theyre THAT good.   they wrapped each individual cookie and my bff told me they lasted a good amount of time.  she loved them even when they werent oven fresh when she consumed them. the only thing we disagreed on were our favorites.  mine is definitely the choco/pb whilst hers was the choco/walnut.   i would skip the oatmeal next time. oh, and theyre $4 a pop now
Levain Bakery never fails to give me the best cookie I have ever had. The dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie is one of a kind, and its a cookie you can not find anywhere else. I am in love with it. Really, I am, and I dont care what anyone else has to say about this place. If it's somehow not good enough for you, then something is wrong with you. The cookies are fantastic. You can order them online, but after shipping its like $50 for just 4 cookies. I'm sorry, but no. But if you are in Manhattan, do yourself a favor, and stop by Levain Bakery. It's even been on Food Network!
This has to be the most amazing cookie I have ever had! I cant even imagine living in NYC and going anywhere else.
Pretty much the same as all the other reviews. The "cookie" is massive, costs $4 and can easily by shared by two people. It's actually more like a dense muffin-top than a cookie. The line moves fast. The seem to have 4 kinds of cookies and a scone. The chocolate chip walnut is their most notable. I have heard great things about the Oatmeal raisin as well.
Practically perfect in every way.  These are the Mary Poppins of the cookie world.  I have even ventured out and purchased a roll and gobbled their pizza.  Also delicious, and its wonderful to see their level of great tasting foods is consistent.  I love that the place is small and hidden.  I also have to applaud the staff here.  Even when I have come with a line out the door and there are a bunch of crazy greedy cookie eaters swarming the counter the staff is still friendly and organized..   This is an all around great experience every time and I am delighted to visit this upper west side gem.  Even thought I applied here for a job and I was turned down.  It was awkward that first visit but its all behind us now...I think.
Tastes like a huge $4 mass of semi-sweet melted chocolate in a bland store bought cookie dough.  I bought a chocolate chip walnut cookie.  Waste of money, I threw over half of it away.  Why is the portion size so large?   I would rather go somewhere else for something that tastes better and is reasonably priced.   This place clearly sustains itself on hype rather than a good product.
Greatest cookies I've had so far. Levain is famous for their large, thick cookies (the size of your fist and about 1.5 inches thick), which have a crunchy exterior and orgasmically gooey center. I've been there for four years now and have yet to be disappointed! Cookies to try: Peanut butter, oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip walnut. Double chocolate chip was decadent but too sweet for my taste. Remember to share these cookies! They're great overnight, as they harden and are great with a glass of milk
Best cookie I have ever had.   I too question whether cookie is the appropriate name for these massive confections - one is easily large enough to share.  The beauty of this cookie, if I may call it that, is the wonderfully crisp crust and delicately chewy center.  We have nothing like this in Southern California, and thus Levain simply adds to the list of things/places that can only be experienced in NY. Give yourself a treat - check out Levain.
Saw the cookies on best thing I ever ate on food network so had to try...caught them fresh out of the oven and they were melty and delicious and moist.  Also got a few to save for later which were still fantastic even not fresh out of the oven. You have to get the double chocolate cookie and the peanut butter chocolate chip - but all are great!
Can you please ship me the dark chocolate chip cookie? Thanks! If you go to New York, grab yourself a cookie from Levain's Bakery. Its on a very nice street in Upper West side near Central Park---about the area where John Lennon's "Imagine" is.... When you get there...you go down these stairs and looks like you are in the middle of the kitchen. But no worries, just grab a cookie and coffee---and you will be dreaming of this cookie forever.
I don't understand - was I led astray?  My friend promised me that this would be the best cookie I'd ever have in my life.  He promised that it would be crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  He promised me nirvana.  But I said "...um, it's ok."  No kidding, for $3.75 they better be cookies you can knock out Evander Holyfield with (and they are -- 6 oz!), but they were too sweet for me and also just not the crispy/soft perfection I'd expected.  3 stars for "just ok" -- Levain's cookies are notable bc they're leviathan, but they just didn't stand out for me.
large, warm, perfect cookies. chocolate walnut and peanut chip are increddible. short wait in line.
My boyfriend introduced me to this little place of heaven and I absolutely LOVED it! He ordered the double chocolate chip cookie which was super rich and gooey and I got the choco chip with walnuts. The cookies are HUGE, super soft on the inside and a bit crispy on the outside which is just the way I like it. However, I'm not a huge walnut fan since I want my cookies nuts-free but that didn't stop me from craving for Le Vain cookies! Pair it with a small glass of milk and it will definitely hit your sweet tooth spot and you will step out of the place with a big smile. The staff were all friendly so another plus for that!
GET THE CHOCOLATE WITH PEANUT BUTTER CHIPS EVEN IF YOU ARE A "CHOCOLATE CHIP" PERSON.  You won't be sorry.
Pros: - chocolate walnut cookie (server recommended this since it's Levain's most popular) - MONSTROUS cubical cookies - warm and gooey cookies (since they're constantly baking) Cons: - no real place to sit and enjoy the most perfect cookie in the world - all other cookies have been ruined for me Bottom line: your life will change the moment you bite into that cookie. I have dreams about my first bite: breaking through the chewy crust and sinking into soft cookie and warm chocolate.
I miss this place so much on weekend afternoons in the spring.  When I lived on the UWS, I used to walk my pups down to this place and indulge in the most decadent, delicious, delectable chocolate chip with walnut cookie I have yet to meet a decent rival for.  I can't remember how much they charged back then ... maybe $3 or $4 a cookie.  I do remember being shocked at how much it was but after taking the first bite, vowing to spend tenfold if I had to. Seriously, a Levain Bakery cookie can and has made a meal for me.  I have also had the chocolate and oatmeal varieties and found them quite good too.  There is something about the doughy middle and if you eat them warm from their oven, you might seriously have a cookie-gasm. (pouts, thinks seriously about spending $13 on GWB to buy a cookie).
I've been looking for a local bakery since I moved to the UWS, and now my search is over.  The bread is fantastic. I've had the sourdough bread, the ciabatta, the oatmeal raisin scones, the walnut raisin sourdough rolls ... all excellent.  The scone is $2.50, the rolls $0.75, the breads are $4.50+.  A bit more than, say, the bread at Fairway.  Or that horrid bakery cafe on Broadway at 71st.  But well worth the premium.
So I went here last summer and never got around to do a review.. But a year later I am still thinking about this cookie. Before when my friend brought me here and told me this was the best chocolate chip cookie ever I was kind of like okay... How good can a cookie get.... But after lining up and getting a warm cookie... Nom ~ that was one good cookie! I just love how the chocolate just melted in my mouth. All I need after that was some milk =] Now if they can open one up in California!
A friend who'd recently visited NYC gave me this recommendation...I believe his exact quote was, "Mindblowing cookies at Levain Bakery on W. 74th!! And send me pictures of you eating it...is that creepy?" I definitely thought it was creepy until I actually visited Levain and had a taste of heaven with one bite of these cookies. My friend and I split the double chocolate peanut butter right in the shop. Ordering and eating in means you get the warm, gooey version, which I HIGHLY recommend :) This half cookie, half scone, half muffin (yes these cookies are the equivalent of 1.5 normal cookies...probably more...) was deeeelicious! AND I ordered one of each flavor to go, to take back to my hubby. My favorites of the four flavors were, yes, the dark chocolate peanut butter, and the oatmeal raisin. We took them back to San Diego with us, and split one a day for the next four days...extra props for them remaining soft for that long! I hold back from five stars (barely) because the cookies border on being a little too rich and too heavy...not once did I eat an entire cookie on my own, and even then I felt a bit full/gross each time afterward. And this is coming from the girl who normally monopolizes any and all desserts in her presence! Regardless, they are rather tasty. One cookie + one person to split it with + one glass of milk, and you'll be golden :) :)
The cookies were good, but to be honest I thought it was a bit overrated.  Was the long line worth it? Meh...not really.
Below a waxing place. Great cookies. Also listed under Levain as all one word, which is where you'll find more reviews.
I had a chocolate chip and walnut cookie after a stroll in Central Park at Levain Bakery.  I thought the cookie was really good, tons of chocolate chips, not the best cookie I've ever had though.  The only negative would have to be the price.
I used to be a Levain regular, going for the chocolate chocolate chip cookie most of the time.  Tea was always a problem--from years ago, the water heater doesn't heat water to boiling, and the tea always came out luke warm.  I am temporarily unable to eat chocolate, and ordered an oatmeal raisin cookie instead.  It was cold through and through, and the inside was raw dough.  For $4.  And they still haven't replaced their water heating device, and the tea is still lukewarm.  No more for me.
AMAZING!!!!! Best chocolate chip cookie I have ever had!! I have been wanting to try this place for a very long time and had high expectations from all of the reviews I had read. However, this cookie surpassed those expectations and was so so delicious!! I can't wait to visit again on my next trip to NYC!!!!
Never had I ever tasted cookies this delicious! The chocolate chip cookie is to die for. Cookies are fresh and warm.
I'm going to get pelted with rotten veggies for this review. After trying this place multiple times, I don't think I'm a fan of their famous cookies. I will take visiting friends here, but I don't think I'll ever crave it or make a special stop at Levain. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE cookies in general (crispy, burnt, cake-y, gooey, soft, insert your own cookie adjective) and agree that the enticing aroma of freshly baked goods here makes me think twice every time. However, I can't ever detect any hint of brown sugar, which, in my opinion, makes a great cookie. I do, unfortunately, taste the dominant hand of heavy butter with with every bite. How many sticks goes into each of these hulk babies? Indeed, the bag will be saturated with grease from the cookie a few hours post-purchase. Butter aside, I've tried them fresh & warm, when I'm starving, a few days old, upside down, in the water (not really), tasted the middle/outer edges of the cookie, but it just didn't blow me out of the water no matter when/where/how I ate it. Then comes the dilemma of finishing the cookie. While I won't argue that the size and weight is well worth the $4, it bothers me that I have to finish chipping away (haha) the hulk cookie before it goes stale, so I usually end up giving it away or tossing it. Then, it's also near impossible for me to eat the entire thing in 1-2 day, as it's simply way too overwhelming after 2 bites. Desserts should never be a burden to finish! I'll update my review if their other baked goods blow me out of the water, otherwise I'm getting my cookie fix from Insomnia Cookies when I'm in UWS.
The BEST chocolate walnut cookies EVER!!! I can't believe I only live 5 blocks away from it and had no idea of this place's existent  till it was on the Food network TV: Bobby Flay challenged them (the 2 ladies who own it) to a Chocolate Chip Cookies Throwdown, and yah he lost :P Their cookies (chocolate chip walnut in particular) are my favorites and come in the form of this ridiculous boulder-shaped chunk (must have weighted at least 1 pound) with a crusty exterior that gives way to a cookie dough-like texture. If you eat one fresh off the baking rack, you'll be rewarded with melted chocolate chips, and crunchy walnuts embedded in one of the most ultimate sinful cookie-eating experiences....Ugh food coma :D
The best cookie in San Francisco: Hot Cookie The best cookie in Los Angeles: not sure yet, still working on that. The best cookie in New York City: Levain Bakery. As a cookie-fiend, that was one of the highlights of my recent trip to NYC.  My girlfriend was nice enough to point me toward this shop. She knows the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. This was a perfect post-Museum of Natural History treat. I even took a picture of the giant, perfectly moist, delicious cookie. Could this be love? Admittedly, I've only tried a few other NYC shops for cookies, but come on, it'll be tough to top this.  I'm certainly open to competitors though. Unfortunately, despite being stuffed from a recent lunch and then the cookie from the heavens, we spotted Shake Shack and being the tourists we were and hearing the hype, we had to check that place out too. But that's another review.
I am an absolute cookie monster, so this place was on my must visit list when I made my way to NY.  I was told by friends that the cookies here are huuugggeee (one refers to them as "doorstops") and when I saw for myself, I had to agree.  I got a chocolate chip walnut and a chocolate peanut butter chip.  I'd heard that the chocolate chip walnut is best when it was warm, so I was stoked that ours had just come out of the oven.  Upon eating it, I must admit that I was a little disappointed.  It was a little too gooey for me, with the inside barely cooked.  I felt like I had a big blob of molten goo in my fist with chocolate and walnuts going everywhere.  I have to admit that they were very liberal with the walnuts, but I prefer my cookies to be cooked. The chocolate peanut butter chip, on the other hand, was absolutely heavenly.  Rich, heavy, a good amount of peanut butter flavor...  definitely one of my top 3 cookies!  I just wish my stomach was bigger so I could have eaten more, as these cookies are huge.  A little huge on the price as well, at 4 bucks a pop, but next time I'm in town I'll pick up another chocolate peanut butter chip!
To get an idea of whether or not I'll get along with someone, I always ask the question "hard cookies or soft cookies?". After visiting Levain Bakery, I'll now have to modify the question to include gooey cookies. So good.
Seriously delicious cookies! Ridiculously yummy. I have to resist the urge to stop here on my way home every night. The chocolate chip walnut are my favorite - I never knew a cookie could be this good. They're huge, gooey, melty, chewy and simply perfect! Well worth the wait in line.
Best $4 that you will ever spend on a M*#$@&-F*%@$ Cookie!!! I came in here for the first time a couple of weeks ago craving cookies and I walked into the perfect place. I got the chocolate chip walnut and it was the greatest thing I HAVE EVER TASTED. If you like cookies and you haven't been here, your life is not complete.
Wow, this place is small but they have the absolute best chocolate chip cookies!  Fresh from the oven and none of that pre-made stuff.  Love all of their cookies and its as big as a baseball!  Just as heavy too! They have ok coffee but hey, you're here for the cookies right?! This place was featured in Bicycling magazine and named as a favorite for us cyclists.   Cant believe it took me such a long time to finally swing by.  Awesome stuff!
Unbelievably good.  Best cookies I've ever eaten. Awesome small bakery feel!   It is well worth the trip...my only warning would be to not try more than one item at a time as they are huge!  Great stop.  I actually made it a point to go out of my way to make a second, unscheduled stop on my last trip to NYC.  One of my top recommendations for the city.
Chocolate chip with walnut cookies, the best I have ever tasted. I would come every week if I could
I dream about cookies. Often. They are my favorite dessert. And every cookie I dream about is a warm and gooey chocolate chip walnut cookie from Levain Bakery. There is nothing more to say.
Jill M said, "It's a [expletive] COOKIE.  It doesn't make you cream your knickers." Don't be bitter about your dysfunction, Jill M.  While your condition is unusual - most humans cream themselves after eating a Levain cookie - it needn't be a source of rage.  In fact, there are support groups you can join to find people who also fail to cream themselves after eating a warm, gooey, chocolatey plop from Levain. For those of you who aren't afflicted with Jill M.'s embarrassing condition: grab your least favorite undergarments and sprint to Levain ASAP.  They'll blow your... mind.
Yes, it is a good cookie.  I live about 15 blocks away, so not too far to get one if I am in the neighborhood.  Is it good?  Yeah.  Is it worth $4?  Not totally sure about that.  They are ginormous and soft and gooey on the inside like the way that I like them, but I am not sure that these are the best cookie ever (as I've been told by multiple people and see this from some fellow Yelp reviewers).  Good, yes...the best ever, not so much...but I admit that I am not a cookie connoisseur.  It may also be a factor that I don't like nuts in my cookies and there were no nutless options (that's right, I said it). Oh, the space is tiny, so there's really no way you can linger there.
I was in love with everything Levain, until I tried their raisin walnut bread. I find it too dense and that muddles everything together. ALSO, they don't provide soy milk for their coffee. Yes, their chocolate chip cookies are pure heaven. But I think they could stand to make everything else a little better.
All I can really say is...YES.  These cookies are fabulous.  There has only been one occasion where my cookie wasn't still warm when I received it but other than that they were amazing. The coffee however was a bit to bitter for my tasting.  Even with milk and three sugar packets it seemed as though the coffee was burnt or just to strong.   COOKIES!!!
Hands down, the best cookies I've ever had. $5 per cookie sounds like a lot, but trust me, I watched two grown men split one, and around a quarter of the cookie was still left over. It is dense, rich, and DELICIOUS! The best part: the cookie tastes just as good the next day as it does the moment you buy it warm and fresh from the bakery. My top two favorites are definitely the chocolate chip walnut and the peanut butter chocolate. UGH I'M CRAVING NOW AS I WRITE!
Who knew that you could toss a baseball-sized lump of cookie dough in an oven, grossly under-cook it, charge $4 for it, and become known as the best cookie shop in New York City. Don't believe the hypesters.
Wow, this place is great. It smells awesome, the cookies are phenomenal, and the fresh made bread is addictive. I blame them for my recent weight gain
The best chocolate chip cookies ever!!! I got the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate. The chocolate chip walnut was definitely better since it was fresh and just out of the oven. The cookie literally melts into your mouth! It was so good that I had two cookies in just one sitting.
So, you know that really rich girl who despite being very rich still dresses in grunge/bohemian attire? Like, despite the fact that her dad is a hedge fund manager making $4,000,000 a year, and despite the fact that you need to be buzzed in through an iron gate to enter her mansion, she still wears ripped jeans, a Joan Jett t-shirt, and faded flannel? She'll still do middle-class things like bum a cigarette or borrow someone's phone. Or cry. You want to know her name? Her name is Levain Bakery. Levain can't deny its baking genius. It tries to downplay its quality by having such things as a comically cramped basement-level space, a blasé staff, and a 'B' from the Health Department. But their cookies are as as good as Walter White's meth, and the experience as a whole has the potential to resolve your relationship with God. Guys, I'm not kidding -- this place is ridiculous, off-the-charts... This place defies petty congratulation, but it is the Best Cookie I Ever Had. Not even a cookie. A... A.... warm need. The chocolate is embryonic, it's mother's milk in dough, and the nutritional employment of the cosmos. Put this place in your planner. The only unattractive part of this place is the the conglomerate of three security cameras right above the cooling racks. A bit unnecessary, no? I don't know of many walnut cookie heists, though, if there were to be one, this would be the place to hit up. At least Big Brother wants you to know that it cares about sweets.
line was out the door! i was like wuuuut! totally needed to see since they told me they sell cookies. i bought the chocolate chip walnut cookie. oh man it was delishious! so huge! hard chewy on the outside. soft and chewy on the inside. so good! 4 bucks isnt bad!
Calling these things cookies is a big understatement; these things are more like scones! Upon arriving to Levain, all you smell is butter. This place has probably the best cookies...ever! They are warm and gooey when you order it. Nothing beats fresh and warm cookies. One cookie is enough for you to share. I bought about 8 of them to bring home and the lady instructed me to just put it in the oven at 350 degrees for like 8 minutes and it tastes just like how its suppose to...AMAZING! So if you are in NYC do yourself a favor and go check out this place and if you want to make friends and family back at home very happy...buy them these to bring back. They taste the same as when you buy it fresh at the bakery.
For once I'm glad I don't live in NYC, otherwise I'd probably be twenty pounds heavier because I'd grab a cookie at Levain everyday.  Its not the normal cookie I am accustomed to.  Its a massive handful of buttery sugary bliss.  I swear there were small chunks of butter in the cookie.   I could taste the butter melting in my mouth and going straight to my hips.   Anyway, I tried the chocolate chip walnut as well as the oatmeal raisin.  I loved them both.  At first I was a bit hesitant.  Because of its sheer size, I thought the cookie would be dry and dense like a scone.  But I was so wrong.  They were crisp on the outside and perfectly moist and chewy on the inside.  I thoroughly enjoyed eating my cookie on my bench in central park while people watching. Although I go out of my way to try cupcakes from every bakery I hear about, deep down inside, I'm really a cookie person.  I'd much rather eat a cookie over a cupcake any day.
Yum, Yum, Yum... I am a big Oatmeal Raisin Cookie monster and have been aiming to find the best  oatmeal raison cookie in New York, so far, Levain Bakery is certainly top of the league. When I arrived at the shop, I thought $4 for a cookie is kind of insane, but still couldn't resist and got 2 oatmeal raisin, 1 dark chocolate with peanut butter chip and 1 chocolate chip with walnut chip. I brought them back home after walking around in the town in the cold winter for 2 hours, thought the cookies gonna get cold. But when I went home and had them, wooooooooow, they are still pretty warm! The crust was crispy and the center was soft but yet crunchy, it was DELICIOUS! I had 2 entire oatmeal raisin cookies one after another, which is my own fault. I felt that I was going to turn into cookie myself. Now it gonna be very difficult to find a better bakery for oatmeal raisin cookie....
chocolate chip walnut cookie was favorite also had dark chocolate peanut butter cookie
These cookies are ginormous, like muffin tops!  You can choke if you eat too much too fast.  It was the best tasting cookie I've ever had... the perfect amount of sweetness.  My only complaint is I like a little more chew, and a little more baked.    It kind of reminded me of fallen chocolate cake, which is sooo good.   The texture just wasn't very cookie-like.  I bet it would be good with icecream.
Oh My god this place is so overrated and overpriced. DO YOU NOT REALIZE IT IS THE NESTLE TOLLHOUSE RECIPE.
Best cookie you will ever eat. Make sure you eat it right when you get it for ultimate enjoyment. You won't regret it. I love you Levain bakery
Barely room to buy the goods in this basement bakery but oh so good. The lump of warm cookie was fabulous. I wouldn't disclose to the rest of the party how much each cookie cost but it was so worth it. I love how the middle was had a slightly undercooked cookie dough texture. The bread roll I got was fine, well executed, nothing special. The cookies stood up to the hype. Still not sure how they get them to be so high in the middle and scone-like but not dry.
it was yummy, definitely perfect for a rainy day or for indulging in sugar, dough, chocolate, walnuts, out of the oven goodness.  For some, that's enough.  But I'm an nyc cookie monster and bottom line:  didn't blow my mind.   My tastebuds favor Tom Colicchio's Cream'Wich cookies from Wich'craft.  There I would say Out Of This World AND they share the recipe.  jus sayin
Best blueberry muffin and chocolate chip walnut cookie ever!!! LA cookies got nothing on those NY Levain cookies!
Every once in a while I get a craving for these cookies.  But only when they're fresh baked.  If you have to wait, you should wait for them to bake it, then walk to jacques torres and browse and THEN and only then will your cookie have cooled down enough to eat. (Seriously if you don't wait you risk burning your cookie and what better place to browse than another cookie store?)  But I don't know, these aren't the cookies I grew up with, and sometimes I loathe the overwhelming dough consistency that lurks under the crispy cookie crust.   I think there should be a warning:  "These cookies should only be shared with others!" ** **Preferably with someone who eats faster than you so don't end up gobbling the whole thing. Despite my not being in love with the cookies, they still have a certain mystique and levain bakery gets two thumbs up for being a pretty cool place.  (just don't take people who are actually interested in crunchier, thinner cookies) oh yeah and I think I got bread once, a small square of raisin bread? I think it was just okay. still on the search for the next great new york bakery convenient to a subway stop.
Like the gourment cupcakes, these are the gourmet cookies.  These cookies are HUGE!  Not just circumference-wise, but also in thickness!  It's like a mountain of cookie goodness.   I HATE nuts...especially in cookies, but I had no choice, I had to try the chocolate chip walnut cookie.  Not only did I thoroughly enjoy the perfect amount of gooey chocolate chip with bits of walnut, but the warm crunchy-on-the-outside-soft-on-the-inside texture of the enormous cookie was life-changing.  I wanted to eat that entire half-pound cookie but my stomach couldn't handle all that butter and sugar at once, it was just way too big!  I still don't like nuts, but damn...I'll eat as many nuts as it takes if someone could just send me some cookies right now!
I no longer bake now that I live in NYC. So... I buy my sweets. Every day. As a person who buys at least 2 cookies daily, I like them to be delicious. One thing that makes me sad is a bad cookie. I know I loveee Levain's choco-walnut cookie when it is fresh out of the oven and hot, but each time I have come back here.... they try to serve me cookies that have been out. I have tried them on multiple occasions and the cookies are just. not. good. Dry. Not Hot. Definitely sad when you tend to buy 3 or 4 to gorge on. My visit last week inspired this review. I gave them 4 chances over the past couple months, but my cookie is not consistently good. Neither is the service. I ask for a warm cookie and receive a not-warm one that I did not discover until I walked outside. They heated it for me complete with a nasty look. Really? Only get them if they're fresh out of the oven.
My wife found out about this place somewhere, probably Yelp.  Can't quite remember because after eating these cookies I have no other memories other than the first time I ate here.  Wedding Day?  Graduations?  First day of School?  No longer register.  These cookies are amazing, and I am not even a big sweets person.  Had to wait in line, which turned me off, but everyone said they are worth it, so I waited.  Line moves very fast, so long as you are not behind tourists who don't know how to order.  Anyone who rated this place less than 4 stars is not human, or maybe diabetic.  There is not one thing they make that is not amazing and delicious.  This place is a must go if you are in the area.
Small, hidden store with a simple white sign. My friends and I stopped by after going to the Natural History Museum and were pleasantly welcomed by the warm smell of freshly baked cookies. We walked in and were entranced by the HUGE cookies. For $4 each, they were a bit steep but worth the price. Definitely recommend the chocolate chip walnut cookie. Delicious!
is it a cookie? or a brownie? whatever it is, it has the best of both worlds...don't u agree?? it's crunchy on the outside, just how a cookie should be, and it's moist and chewy on the inside, just like a brownie. overall, PERFECTION. oh, so goooood. enough about the brownie though, but seriously, try the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie (was lucky enough to get it fresh from the oven that day) and OMG; speechless. all Levain cookies are on steroids; they are HUGE!!!!!!!!!! so forget your diet and try Levain cookies. trust me. what is life without sweets anyway?
Yup, believe the hype! This is Definitely one of the only places in NYC that's worth making a pilgrimage to. To diffuse the guilt of gobbling up this super sweet, buttery ball of monstrous madness, I walk over from the east side across Central Park. And back! Worth every step.
I like to think of myself as being a cookie connoisseur. I do love cookies more than most things in the world, so of course when I was in the city for the marathon (just watching, not running, oops) a few weeks ago I had to try a cookie from Levain. And this was a darned fine cookie. In spite of its enormous size they do bake it just the right amount so that they are gooey in the middle and not over-done on the edges. How they accomplish this I have no idea, it is magical. And the cookie was fantastic. I do not think nuts should ruin a perfectly good cookie so I had a chocolate peanut butter cookie. I would definitely prefer if they had a regular semi-sweet cookie without nuts. And at $4 for a cookie they are not cheap. But they are really, really good, so who am I kidding, I know I will be back. Perhaps if I walked there from Hoboken I could burn off all the calories in the cookie I eat!
Best cookies I've ever tasted EVER! Even stale they're better than most. I hate that people complain about the price of these cookies, first off these cookies are huge and honestly if you are taking me to heaven with a bite of one of these I'll pay the $4!
Yep, it's true: really effing good. Do you like your cookies enormous and undercooked? Do you love a healthy serving of butter and chocolate in your life? Are you NOT gluten sensitive? If you answered YES to all the above, you will love Levain. $4 a cookie seems expensive; however, these things are huge. I eat like a fat kid and could share one and be satisfied. I could also eat one full one and be more than satisfied. Or in ecstasy. My favorite is the dark chocolate/peanut butter chip. The chocolate chip is great and the cinnamon raisin is quite tasty as well. However, if you like dark chocolate and eat PB by the jar then you know how to make the right choice. Like your mother always said. Just a couple stools for seating. Also, on the weekend the line often stretches out the door (read: on a rainy day, your life will suck without an umbrella. And a cookie). Definite "take it to go" place.
Heavenly, Amen! Recommendation *Taking a bite of the fresh baked Dark Chocolate Chip Cookie is like having a chocolate bomb explode in your mouth.  So eat with caution! *Chocolate Chip Walnut is awesome too. *Go on a weekend, because they seem to crank out the cookies more frequently and you're more likely to get one that was freshly baked.  When they tell you to let it cool, EAT IT RIGHT AWAY :D CHALLENGE: chocolate chip cookies
These guys know what they're doing.  The cookies are enormous cookie/scone/cake/fudge concoctions to me.  At $4 each, the price is worth it for the huge butter bomb.  I think of it as three smaller cookies with prime ingredients.  I mean, just take a whiff of the chocolate.  You can tell it's good chocolate. Fave is the dark chocolate chip.  But honestly, I find the chewy cake-like interior to be too much.  I wish for more of the crisp edge.  If only they flattened the cookie dough after plopping it on the baking sheet, then I think it'd be perfect. I'm also a fan of their other stuff.  Whole wheat, raisin walnut loaf - full of moist dark and golden raisins.  Pretty dense though since it's whole grain.  Raisin scones!  One of the best I've had in the city.  These guys really understand butter and flour. Pass on bombolocini (think soft bread stuffed with jam).  I liked the idea but it didn't do anything for me.  Maybe if I grilled it though...to add a twist on the texture.
The definition of the word exaggerate is as follows: "Represent (something) as being larger, greater or better than it really is" Considering each cookie was set at $4 and we tried one of each, well, I think you get my hunch. We won't be back.
Most amazing bakery in NYC!
In New York for a few days of vaca and decided to try this place after reading some great reviews...I was not disappointed! I've never paid so much for a cookie in my life ($3.75) but it was definitely worth it. I had the dark chocolate chocolate chip and the inside was warm and gooey!
There seems to always be a line out the door....but there is a perfectly good reason why -- Levain Bakery's cookies are extraordinary!  They are unique in their thickness, and the inside of the cookies have a perfect consistency.  Every bite is a treat.  It is best to eat these as soon as you purchase them, while they are still warm from the oven.
This is truly one of New York's treasures. Even if everyone knows about it by now, it's just ridiculously delicious. I have tried some of the other things they sell, and they're fine, but go for the cookies. The dark chocolate peanut butter chip ones are the best. Well, at least that's what I'm in the mood for now. On other days, I might go for the oatmeal raisin. Or the chocolate chip. Or the other one, whatever it is. So good. Seriously. With a cup of coffee, it's the best lunch in the city. The Harlem location is equally wonderful.
Hands down the best chocolate chip walnut cookie ever! The oatmeal cookie was also amazing. Cookies there are always warm and melt in your mouth with the first bite!
I understand that Levain is one of NY's stars when it comes to cookies, so maybe this is all a matter of preference.  The cookies are definitely made of high-quailty ingredients and are tasty (a tiny bit of salt would make it better, though), but I personally prefer a cookie that isn't quite as monstrous and scone-like as these are.  When I think of a cookie I think crispy on the edges and soft and chewy on the inside.  I also think of a cookie as something I can eat as a small treat rather than having to save and put away because it's so humongous!
Dear (Sweet) Lord, This was honestly the best chocolate chip cookie I have ever had in my ENTIRE NINE LIVES. If there's one truth in any fiber of my being, this my friends, is it. Since I'm already talking to God, I might as well make a confession: I had no idea Levin was known for its cookies. No, I haven't been living under a rock, I just never got around to this place... I used to believe that some things are just better left on the UWS. What the **** was I smoking?! My group of weary travelers and I walked into Levain around 5:30 pm on a Saturday night and there was barely anyone in there to my delight (as I've heard there can be a huge line at peak hours). There's nothing more that I hate than waiting in a long line for something I've never tried before. What if you're utterly disappointed? Luckily this wasn't the case.The sub-basement shop is on the small side but there were 5 girls hurriedly taking our orders and serving customers with a smile. After staring at the giant cookies and slice of breads in the display for a few minutes, I finally made my choice. My favorite cookies are chocolate chip so I decided to get a chocolate chip cookie with walnuts for $4. At first I thought wow, $4 for one cookie? That's more expensive than most of those cupcake bastards! However, it was ginormous so that took the sting off the price. After first bite, I shamefully admit I would have paid $10 for this cookie. It was served to me in a bag still HOT from the oven, thick, chewy with its chocolate still melting on the inside. It's everything you would imagine the perfect chocolate chip cookie to be and then some. I really wish my friends had recorded my reaction to eating my very first Levain cookie. I literally kept closing my eyes and crying out "Oh God" after every swallow of this delicious confection. I feel bad for strangers who might have overheard me because I'm (absolutely) sure it got quite awkward at one point... but hey, this is New Yawk, and I'm sure they've heard worse from their neighbors doing inappropriate acts that are illegal in Alabama... at least I hope so. Bottom line: If a meteor is going to hit the earth and I have only a day's notice to live, you will find me without a doubt at Levain Bakery popping these treats back like Cookie Monster on relapse.
Ya'll are gonna think I'm the world's worst fat-@$$ but yeah... I stop at Levain for a cookie after my morning workouts at Equinox.   It's THAT good. Don't judge me.  We all need a massive cheat day. At least I opt for oatmeal raisin. Minus 1 star because $4 per cookie is ridiculous...yet I still go back all the time so...
A basement level bakery on the UWS without all the cutesy of Buttercup or Crumbs?  Now, that's a find.  What's more is that the cookies are indeed, the best chocolate chip I've ever had.  Huge, gooey, and with the right amount of sweetness. All kinds are super delish but I will always be partial to the chocolate chip walnut.  It's a great day when you have a cookie, a cup of milk, and sit on the bench outside to enjoy your cookie with good friend.
We rode the 1 train up here from soho to 72nd street and took a short walk to this location; it was initially hard to spot at first but we finally found it. We ordered a blueberry muffin, the chocolate walnut cookie, the oatmeal scone, and a large espresso. The blueberry muffin was warm and soft, but I felt that it didn't have enough blueberry in the batter. So I didn't really get a good blueberry feeling from consuming it. As for the chocolate walnut cookie, it was quite nice. Warm and gooey in the middle while slightly crunchy on the outside, no complaints here. As for the scone, it was very crumbly soft and satisfying. I don't think I can quite give this bakery 5 stars, but it was a tasty experience.
If you love cookies, never, ever go to Levain Bakery. You'll never want to eat another cookie again. Every future dessert will be ruined. Every moment after you finish a meal and long for something sweet will be haunted. Every bite of an inferior cookie (aka any other cookie) will only remind you of the mountain of warm gooey goodness you bit into oh so so sooooo long ago at Levain. It will then feel like you haven't been there in weeks or months--years even--forcing you to go all the way to the UWS to spend the best $4 of your life all over again. And this will all have happened the very next day. Do yourself a favor: don't eat Levain's Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie. Unless you really want to move to W 74th.
hhhhmmmm my, my, considering I've been living in the UWS for a while now and just recently discovered this place is sad! Especially since I'm the biggest desert addict there ever lived.  The Walnut Chocolate cookie is delish! I loved it.  Did I say I loved it, its big, (but I've seen bigger--ahem, cookies that is!). Frankly, at practially $4.00 a cookie, its almost pricey, but the melting chocolate, smothered in light batter makes up for it...and the nuts add a tiny crunch to it that makes it ever so delectable.  Allow yourself to slowly bite into it and let the taste surround your palates... I walked from 74th to 67th street slowly devouring the cookie.  Worth every bite. Sadly, they don't accept credit card! This cash only business is not my thing, especially when I've got my digits to memory. Lastly, if you're somewhat of a mysophobe as I am, then perhaps you may just want to convince yourself that regardless of how or who's  handled you cookie, you won't get sick from one dirty hand. ...hey, I'm just saying. Try it!
The best cookie in the whole world. Period.
Amazing simply put! The best chocolate chip walnut cookie ever! So warm on the inside and crispy on the outside looks like a commercial  for a cookie when you bite into it. I cant add much more that hasn't already been said but it is way worth the trek on the UWS!
delish!!! i picked up my friend from the sd airport last week and as a thanks she greeted me with a huge ass cookie from this lovely establishment. first of all, the thing was huge! now i consider myself to be quite talented at knee driving, but this cookie kept my attention for too long that i had to "stop" taking bites to drive safely. second of all, the cookie lasted many many hours from being baked to my mouth and it was still really tasty. when cindy first handed it to me she suggested that i wait to get home to warm it up and have it with a glass of milk. of course, i couldn't wait and i was about 3/4th of the way through the thing when i got home. third, the cookie was very rich in flavor. i should have waited to eat it with a glass of milk, but the chocolate chips, nuts and cookie dough kept whispering "pam, just one more bite! it's not gonna hurt and i'm sure there will be plenty of me left by the time you get home." fourth, if i am still thinking about a cookie more than a week after i ate it, that should say a lot about the place. i can't wait until i am back in nyc so i can come here and buy a couple or twenty in person!!!
After an unbelievably long line that led out to far away from the door, I found myself the proud new owner of a box of deliciously warm cookies. Being a Levain Bakery virgin, I ordered them all and immediately understood why the line was so long. These cookies are just indescribable! The chocolate chip walnut seems to be their most popular...but the dark chocolate chocolate chip is what stole my heart! I mean it was just so soft and gooey in the middle, I think I spaced out for a second. Although it was good as well, the peanut butter one had to be my least favorite...but my colleague raved about it! So next time I go, which will be extremely soon, (unfortunately for my scale) I will be ordering a disgusting amount of dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies. And I'm so not sharing this time!
Levain has the BEST COOKIES ever! I always come here whenever i crave for something sweet. Their cookies are not regular cookies you see at the bakeries. They are very thick and weigh like a pound each! the cookies are $4 each but worth every penny. Oatmeal raisin cookie is my personal favorite. Whenever i go visit my mom, she makes sure i bring over some cookies from Levain Bakery for her :)
3.5 stars 4 stars for the Chocolate Chip cookie w/ walnut -- YES i am a fan! the dark chocolate chip cookie was really rich but also really good too seeing the price --- not so much a fan $4 for a palm sized cookie. is it worth it? i dont know. Would i buy it again? probably not. $4 IS really expensive for just ONE cookie. i dont know if i can say this was THE BEST cookie ever.. it was good but i dont think it was the best cookie of my life. But I will say that their cookie is really tasty and rich and SOFT! if the price would decrease a little it'll be a true 4 stars place
The cookies are really just as good as people have been saying. No joke, I don't know how they do it.  But it's one cookie for everyone.  If you like crunchy cookies, the outside is crunchy, if you like soft chewy bits of heaven, the center is just that.   I had a sandwich which was also very good.  It was simple, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes, but I feel like someone really put some love and thought into it.  no joke.  I think there was love in that sandwich.
Fresh chocolate chip and walnut cookies!!  Just walking down the stairs smells like heaven.  Best part is, you can buy a TON, freeze em and warm em up in the oven...and good as fresh! mmmmm
I've never actually been in the store, but my team usually get dozens of these "giant" cookies when we are constantly working late. The cookies are rich and delicious that immediately light me up every time I had them. I should visit the store some time.
The cookies are absolutely delicious.  Must try chocolate chip walnut cookie. It comes out toasty hot and the chocolate chips melts into gooey goodness. I also really like the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie as well since it tastes a lot like chocolate brownie shaped like a cookie.
So good I take the subway up from the west village just to get a cookie from here, and then I take the train right back home. I've only had the chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate chip, but I don't feel the need to try anything else.
Strolling by on a Saturday afternoon, i was intriuged by the long line that snaked down 74th street. ..what could possibly be worth waiting in a line 30 deep. After consulting yelp, I decided to try! The line moves QUICKLY so don't be put off - I was in and out within 10mins. The cookies were huge, rich, and utterly fantastic.
Eh.   Massive cookies are very tasty, but these are not worth $3.95.  my mom makes cookies that are not as big, but taste better.  yeah mom!
Nothing more to say than simply yum. These cookies are great. They are huge and doughy. I especially liked the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter. Man are they rich. We got 8 cookies to go and the bag felt like it weighed 10 pounds (more accurately three pounds as the cookies do legitimately weigh 6 oz each!) Our wait outside wasn't too bad at all, and the service was quick and friendly. These cookies are not something you could eat every day, unless you want a heart attack, but I would come on a spare occasion once again for something special.
My triumph of finding a damn good cookie joint in SoBe was quickly trumped over by the monstrous ooey gooey chocolate walnut cookies from this place.  It amazes me how Levain's cookies can have such crispy crusts with moist and soft center.  Go for the Walnut Chocolate Chip and you will not be disappointed.  Best cookie ever?!  Perhaps not, but it's high up on the list and the inner Cookie Monster in me can definitely eat a whole tray in one sitting.
This is a public service announcement: Go get one of these cookies each and every time you find yourself on the UWS. They are f-ing amazing. The line moves quickly so stand in it and don't complain. (Also - they take credit cards with no minimum. As someone who never carries cash, i super appreciate this!) You are welcome.
I think the number of stars and reviews here speak for themselves.  Hands down one of the best!!! Small tiny front bakery with delicious cookies.   No doubts I will be coming back...
Oh, Levain. Just the thought of your amazing massive cookies makes my mouth water. My friend picked up a few of these to bring as dessert to our dinner party and we are so glad she did. For 4 of us she bought two cookies and we could barely finish. So rich and delicious- exactly what you want from a cookie. Definitely need to hit the store and try all their other delicious treats.
The BEST COOKIE IVE EVER HAD and I've eaten a lot of cookies in my day. The walnut chocolate chip is my favorite followed by the chocolate w/ pb chips. YUM. $4 and totally worth every penny. Best when right out of the oven, but delicious the next day as well, and the next day after that, but if you haven't eaten it by the first day, there is a problem with you.
Delicious cookies. They're huge and dense and chewy on the inside, just the way I like them. I bought 5 and the bag was SO heavy, although I didn't mind. :) Service is quick and the woman behind the counter was pleasant. Oh, and they are cash only.
My Last Meal Request Will Be An Oatmeal Raisin & Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie from Levain Bakery ! The cookies are delicious, craveable, filling and well work the $4.00! You have not had an amazing cookie until you've tried a cookie from here! OMG!!! SOOOOOO GOOOD!
got the milk chocolate walnut cookie. tasted good, insides were creamy and almost raw, but not actually raw. outside crispy. almost 2 inches thick. although a good cookies, i would say regular home made cookies are similar to this. don't get me wrong, this is a good cookie.
After I had my first (of many) box of Levain cookies, I made a promise to myself. My first born will have the name Chocolate Chip Walnut.  You need to try their goods at some point. It's close to Central Park so why not stop by one of these nice summer weekends and add a box to your picnic basket. I would highly recommend walking over to Grom afterwards for some SICK gelato to dip your choco chips in.
Seriously, one of the best cookie places ever!!  I dream of these they are that good.  They are super thick, and soft on the inside.  My favorite was the chocolate chip walnut but the oatmeal and the dark chocolate cookies were super good as well.  Cookies are large and one will be very filling.  Definitely a must if you are in New York!
Ah, Levain.  I have been planning to come here for well over a year, but it just never happened.  So today I called a friend, and we went. The cookie:  We both ordered the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie.  Mmm.  It was delicious.  The cookies were definitely NOT fresh out of the oven.  So the edges were a little hard, but it was completely cooked through, which some people complained about.  The cookies are very very rich, but it's really a wonderful cookie. Was it $4 worth of delicious?  Debatable.  Other things I can get for four dollars in the city:     -Up to 4 slices of cheap pizza     -A Brooklyn Blackout cupcake at Two Little Red Hens     -16-24 garlic knots (depending on the place)     -California Roll     -2 bagels with plain cream cheese or a bagel with flavored cream cheese Drinks:  Levain is precious because they have bottled water for one dollar!!  Nothing frustrates me more than paying an exorbitant amount for water.  You need a drink with these cookies.  They're so rich. Service:  This tiny little bakery has such a fan base.  The line was short when we walked in but huge by the time we left.  The employees were friendly and fast. The Space:  There is counter seating with four stools and a little wooden bench outside.  Don't expect to eat here.  The good news is that central park is a few blocks away.  Take your tasty cookie to Central Park and enjoy life.
Hands down. Without a doubt. Not a question in the world. THIS bakery is what you need to try when you come to New York. The perfect act of love that I wish I could do is send these cookies overnight to my family so that they too can be swept away in sugary bliss. I can't say what a Levain experience would be for someone who doesn't like sweets--perhaps this is their perfect nightmare. Which only goes to show how amazing Levain is at baking perfect cookies on a daily basis in a hot, tiny basement of a shop. It's a sweet factory down there (see what I did?) Anyway, I'm updating this review to include my latest faint-inducing experience. This time I tried the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. It's as if they put layers of creamy, gooey peanut butter inside a 5 pound chocolate shot put. But no, it's simply tons of peanut butter chips melted to perfection inside the richest, cakeiest cookie dough you'll ever consume. I've never EVER had another cookie like the ones I've had from Levain. Well worth the 4 dollars. Well worth the wait if there is one. I would cry if they ever closed their doors.   Swoon the sweet tooth in your life by buying them 3 or more of these damn good desserts. I can't say anything more except that you should also prepare a pitcher of milk before eating. And get your butt down there pronto.
Levain should adopt a slogan - "The cookie that eats like a meal." I really love places that focus on a few core products/foods and do them well.  Levain only offers a handful of varieties of cookies, but they're always hot, fresh, and perfectly crisp on the outside. The only downside is that Levain cookies are so filling that I've been known to have one for dinner.  And then skip the gym. *burp*
to be honest, as a fellow baker, this place is good but i felt very under whelmed if anything by their cookies. I guess my expectations were too high. Granted, there isnt anything wrong with the cookies! They are AMAZING, taste DELISH, and are GIANT. However, I've tried a knock off recipe and I feel like it tastes around the same. ANYWAYYY this isn't about my talents (or lack-thereof) of baking, but about the cookie itself. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you a. love cookies. b. love special cookies. (like, giant, not the drug kind). c. love desserts! This is very unique, I haven't seen any other cookie place around manhattan that bakes cookies the way they do. They're ginormous and soft and delicious. I feel like its worth $4 to try the first time, and then discretionar-ily  up to you the next times! Its a tiny bakery and easy to miss when you're walking around (took me 2 tries when I was in the area waiting for the coco show to start, to find it). its' downstairs below the sidewalk. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you're into cookies!!!
I made sure to try these cookies after being full from sushi and it was worth it. I called up the bakery asking if they were open and they were closing in a few minutes but told me they would wait if I was nearby. Very polite considerate service for NY and the cookies are well worth the price. Even though people complain about it, one is more than enough. The chocolate and oatmeal raisin were amazing, and you might be thinking that yea 1000 reviews say that, but we got the last cookies of the night. So don't be discouraged if it's late, you just may not get a big selection though. This place was so well hidden I missed it when walking around, but it's a great find.
I'm big on service.  Blame this on having worked in retail for nearly a third of my life, but it's true.  I value institutions that genuinely care about my patronage (or at least do a damn fine job of pretending).  That's why, typically, TYPICALLY, I'd only rave about a place if: a) what is being sold is stellar AND b) the customer service is extraordinary Well, Levain Bakery gets high marks from me, and while only on point a, point a is so phenomenal, it makes up for the lack of effort on point b. I first heard about Levain like many others - from Food Network's Throwdown with Bobby Flay (I love that show.  Sorry for you non-Bobby lovers).  Bobby's chocolate chip something-or-other cookie rivaled Levain's monstruous (and I'm talking INSANELY HUGE.  Bigger may not always be better, but let me tell you, in this case it most certainly is) chocolate chip walnut cookie.  I literally just about salivated all over myself watching that episode (gross, sorry, I'm aware).  Needless to say, Bobby's cookie paled in comparison to Levain's (sorry, Bobby).  A California girl, I knew I'd have to make my first (yes, I know, sad, yet true) trip out to NYC sometime in the near future and get my hands on one of these cookies. Lo and behold, as luck should have it, I got my wish.  Last October (sorry for the review delay), courtesy of the workplace, I made my first trip out to NYC and (yippee!!) Levain Bakery. Levain Bakery is a small, yet cozy little joint.  Beware - if you're not careful, you may even walk right past it, as my friend, Emily, and I almost did.  There are a few stools inside to enjoy your baked goods, but don't plan on making yourself too comfortable - it's that small.  It's ok, though, we're just here for a cookie (or more) anyhow.  Now for the cookies (point a)!  Yes, they are the most I've ever paid for a cookie ($3.75 each!!!! Wowza!), but I had to try at least one to see what Bobby Flay had been up against.  I made my first purchase: one chocolate chip walnut cookie (tip: request a warm one!).  Oh my, it was as if I had died and gone to cookie heaven.  Levain's signature cookie did not disappoint - it had just the right amount walnut (tons), chocolate chip (think tons more), sweetness (definitely sweet, but by no means overbearingly sweet), and consistency (chewy AND crunchy - how is that even possible?).   Promptly after Em and I polished off that first cookie, I returned to the counter to purchase...eight more (yes, EIGHT!  Hey, I live in CA.  Who knows the next time I'll be back in NYC?  And, yes, you may order them online but get stuck with S&H fees on top of the already pricey cookies?  No thanks.  They're good, but at my salary, c'mon, I've got to draw the line SOMEWHERE). Now for the service (point b).  Ok,it's not like the employees are rude or obnoxious or particularly snotty like some establishments I've visited.  But for a place that seems so warm and inviting, the employees just...aren't very warm or inviting.  Attribute this to the CA girl in me, but I was so excited to be there, I attempted to strike up some conversation with one of the owners (I recognized her from TV!), but although "pleasant," she clearly did not care to engage in small talk, and neither did the employee who took my order.  Hmph.  I guess I'll just remember next time to walk in, simply make my cookie requests, and be on my merry way.
These cookies are one of the best I've ever had.  Who doesn't like a warm, gooey dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie?  It's just the right size (large, but not so big that it makes you feel sick once you finish it) with the perfect balance of sweetness, bitterness from the chocolate, and saltiness from the peanut butter chips.
*BEST* chocolate chip cookie (with walnuts) I've ever had.   Served warm and gooey and oh so delicious.  I brought a bunch back to the west coast a few days old and they were still amazing!!!  I had to eat some on the plane, they were calling my name, the bastards!   YUMMY!!!!  A must for sweets lovers!!!  Great neighborhood too.. Upper West Side.. lots of good restaurants without the massive amounts of people you'll find in the parts of Manhattan.
sitting by the waterfall inside the bakery is wonderful, but the air is heavy with the scent of yeast.
I had bookmarked to come on my next NYC trip but couldn't remember why.  Then my sis said we had to come cuz her daughter said it's a must for the cookies. We headed over from the Live with Kelly and Michael show as it was a short distance walk. I purchase all four varieties.  Each one must have weighed a pound.  Big mistake in hindsight as we toured NYC on foot carrying these heavy cookies around. As for the cookies themselves, excellent with milk or coffee.  The ones with nuts were my least favorite.  They're great if you like cookie dough.  I prefer my cookies snappy and crunchy.
One of my friends insisted that we go here, which is just blocks from her apartment. And boy, am I glad we went! I didn't realize how hyped this place is, but it certainly lives up to it. I got a chocolate peanut butter cookie, which looks more like a baked glob of the cookie dough. Mmm, so gooey and chocolatey and peanut buttery! Granted, it was hot outside while I was eating it, so it might've melted a little more than normal. But still, it was incredible. I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in NYC!
This bakery is INCREDIBLE.  You MUST GO HERE even if you're only in NY for an hour. The chocolate chocolate chip cookie was perfectly warm, massive, and gooey. Definitely the best cookie on the island, if not the best dessert!
Best. Cookies. In. NYC. These cookies are so fantastic, they're dangerous. You won't be able to stop eating them. They are buttery, crisp on the outside and gooey on the inside. Every time I walk by Levain, I have to get a cookie. Some times I have to choose to walk another route to avoid feeling the urge to buy a Levain cookie. The Chocolate Chip Walnut and the Double Chocolate are my favorite kinds. The bakery smells heavenly! I wish there was a Levain Bakery fragrance that I could buy, so that I could spray it all over my apartment. Each cookie is $4 which is expensive, but trust me, it'll be worth it. Bottom line is that if you haven't tried these cookies, you are seriously missing out!
As of today 1503 addicted cookie monsters have Yelped about Levain. This is a-mazing!
Legend speaks of a epic proportions, that is sweet and delicious and filled with all kinds of nutty, chocolate-y, goodness. Fortunately this legend is no tall tale, these cookies can be found at Levain Bakery. Seriously, these cookies are as good as they get. Huge, soft, delicious, Levain knows how to make a cookie.
This cookie weighs about a pound. Seriously its HUGE, and $4 so well worth it. I tried the oatmeal raisin as well as the chocolate with the chocolate chip. Wasnt a big fan of the oatmeal, it seemed too chunky and the raisins were sour. The chocolate cookie, was THICK like a brownie, gooey, chocolate perfection. You can definetly share a cookie between two people.
i have found it.   i was a little shocked at the price--who pays that much for a cookie?  crazy people, for one.   ... and people who want to experience orgasm at the unbelievably low price of $3.75. the cookie itself is not that big.  it's about 4 inches in diameter.  but it's THICK.  and HEFTY.  and GOOEY.  my friends and i put in 1.25 each for a third of a double chocolate peanut butter chip cookie and i swear it was about half a stick of butter in JUST MY PORTION.   but it was just right--gooey but without the unbaked-tasting that can leave an unpleasant tang of an aftertaste in your mouth (you can tell that i've eaten a lot of raw cookie dough in my lifetime) and goes down smoothly.  i DID wish that i had a glass of milk with it, but whatevers.  it was worth it.   go get yourself a cookie and indulge just ONCE. ... then go to the gym for two weeks afterwards in genuine repentance to your coronary arteries.
The other day this recession stuff was getting me down, and I was walking around the UWS, which also was kind of depressing me this day, and then I remembered that I was near Levain. Just walking in has this incredible effect on you; the smells are just wonderful. Remember when your grandma used to make your favorite dessert, and you would come in from the cold, and the smells would waft from the kitchen, and fill your little heart with love? Levain smells like that. The cookies are easily shareable; I haven't gotten anything else, because I'm not entirely sure why I would buy anything else but the cookies. This depressing day I got the oatmeal raisin, because I wanted to pretend it was comforting and healthy. At least it was comforting.
I think I first heard of this place from one of those top 10 cookie/bakery places in the country list off an internet article. Luckily we spent a good deal of time walking around the Natural History Museum and was close by and looking for a sweet pick-me-up. We walked a few blocks to this bakery and it's a bit confusing because it's a pretty residential area. But finally bright lights and we walked into this semi-basement area. Thank goodness it's open till 7 - most bakeries I know close super early. It's pretty bare bones in there too. Most of the shop is the kitchen. There's a counter where you can order and you turn around and there's a few chairs and another counter to sit at. It's really big enough for like 4-5 people. But we ended up trying the classic chocolate chip and a double chocolate cookie. Fortunately the chocolate chip just came out of the oven so it was hot and gooey and oh so delicious. The cookie was the size of my palm so I couldn't even finish it. I tried to bring half of it back with me but unfortunately all the butter in that one cookie soaked into the paper bag that it was placed in. So delicious. Although, it has to be a once in awhile treat. At $4 for a cookie, it can be kinda expensive. For $4 I can get an assorted dozen at Diddy Reese (try it if you're in LA). And as evident from all the oil, it's very rich.
If  you want a great cookie head to Levain Bakery and be prepared to wait in line. . The cookies are huge, fresh and gooey right from the oven and sweet and thick. I love the Walnut Chocolate Chip and my friends always rave about Double Choc.
Holy rollin sweet baby Jesus are these cookies good. I crave them almost on the daily. I wish they had a location closer to me downtown but that could be dangerous. These cookies are seriously like crack. Prices be damned.
The chocolate chip walnut cookie is the best I have ever had in my life.  I had NY sticker shock the first time, paying $3.50 for a cookie seems expensive by NY standards even, but it is so worth it.  Blows away anything that might come out of Jacques Torres, City Bakery, Magnolia, Bouchon Bakery, Amy's Bread, Cafe Lalo, you name it.  If you eat the whole thing at once, which is hard not to do, you will likely get a tummy ache from the richness - there are a lot of chocolate chips!  I am a soft cookie person, don't like crispiness or chewiness in my cookies, so people who prefer the latter may like City Bakery or Jacques Torres better.  My second favorite is the chocolate with peanut butter chips.  The oatmeal raisin is kind of dry and unimpressive, however. I also love the "brioche" sticks.  The pizzas are pretty good although they seem pricey given the small size.  They have a sourdough roll with a big thick hunk of chocolate in the middle, but it really doesn't do it for me - too thick and hard in the center.   Still though, the place gets 5 stars just for the chocolate chip walnut cookie.  Unfortunately they are not open late enough to meet my cravings all the time, although that's probably a good thing.  Damn Levain for destroying my dieting efforts!
At 5pm today I lived in a world where I thought no cookie could possibly be worth $4.00.  I went to Levain today at 5:05pm.  My life has been changed forever. The Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie was the best cookie I've had in my entire life.   After having this cookie, it is laughable that Oreo's and Chips Ahoy can even be legally called "cookies". I plan to treat myself to this cookie to celebrate literally every milestone from here on out.
Cookies - amazing! Blueberry muffins - delicious! Service - friendly & quick. Location - convenient in the upper west side. Prices - reasonable for the area & worth it. Overall - you must visit! If there is a wait... It's worth it. Yum!!!
Best cookies in New York City.  Very rich, but if you are in the mood they are delightful .   My favorite is the chocolate peanut butter, but the other flavors are good too.  Have not tried the other baked goods (breads, etc).
Great cookies, very small place and expensive. Stop by if you're near by, and if you have the cash
Delicious (and enormous) chocolate chip cookies. The cookie I had was still warm from the oven and is definitely among the best cookies I've ever had from a bakery or restaurant. The bakery is located on the basement level and seems to be staffed mostly by people in their 20s. Looks like a fun place to work, and smells incredible inside! I'll definitely return next time I'm in the city.
These are the only cookies that compare with my own home baked. The chocolate with peanut butter chip is my fave! The cookies are fresh from the oven, still warm and gooey, the chocolate chips are still melty. This place is dangerous. Oh and the cookies are huge. I think you get 4 cookies for $20 and it is worth every penny. Don't make the mistake of sharing them (like I did) you will regret it later.
the more items i try here, the better it gets. and its always busy. i stopped by here twice this past weekend while visiting one of my friends who lives around the corner from here. first time - we got chocolate walnut cookies (which was on best thing i ever ate on food network) and chocolate peanut butter chip cookies. the chocolate walnut was definitely way better, and i dont even like walnuts. but the cookies were so crusty on the outside but still soft on the inside. very yummy. 2nd time, we got another chocolate brioche. it was sold out the first day we went, and we HAD to get another one. that thing is amazing. this bakery is always busy, and everything is really tasty in here.
Best cookies ever!!! They are $4 each but they weigh almost half a pound which make them great for sharing and totally worth buying. My absolute favorite is the dark chocolate peanut butter. It is rich but it is damn good. My second favorite is the oatmeal raisin. The cookies taste great alone but so much better if you warm them up slightly in the microwave. The line to purchase these is out the door, but the line goes by fast because the bakery is efficient and also they have a limited variety of items so it's quick and easy buying. I wish Levain existed in California. I loved these cookies so much I purchased some to take home. They are so rich I could only eat 1/4 to 1/2 of a cookie each day. My parents and friends also loved them. I can't wait to get my hands on some more!
Pros: Cookies taste amazing! Employees are nice. You can actually see the employees making the cookies on site. My favorite is the chocolate chip walnut cookies. They are firm on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. If you wanna cheat on your diet this is the perfect place to go. Cons: $4.00 per cookie. Establishment is small.
OVERRATED FAD The way people are hyping this place up, you'd think it was the Cookie Monster's wet dream.  They're not *bad* cookies, but they're not that great either.  Too rich (both in taste and price) and definitely not worth a special trip to the Upper West Side.
OH MY, the chocolate walnut was so WARM and fresh and the chocolate was so gooey. Oh my, it's great. Only downside is, that it's pricey... but I guess it's good enough so it'll stay a 5. Pretty small inside, but you buy and you go. So, whatever. Also, it's crowded cause there's so many people, so be patient in line. LOL.
Heavenly cookies the size of your fist.  Is that enough of a description for you?  No?  Ok, here's more.  Oatmeal raisin, Dark chocolate chip, Chocolate-almond and Peanut butter chocolate.  Those are the four types of cookies and each are a chunk of what God must eat.  They are super dense and filling - in fact, I've never eaten a whole cookie by myself in one sitting.  My favorite is the peanut butter chocolate.  Whenever we are in Manhattan, my husband and I get cookies here to share with friends (we've even mailed them to relatives in Hawaii and packed them in our luggage when we went to Los Angeles) and every single person who has tried them have absolutely loved them.  Scones are good, too. Be warned: there is ALWAYS a line and it's not the cheapest place in the world.  If you want to impress someone, though, get them Levain cookies!
An unreserved, unabashed, untouchable, undeniable, unwavering 5 stars. There are few places that I must visit every time I come to New York. This is one of the places that I often end up visiting twice, even three times. Oatmeal raisin cookies are the best. It's more like a ball of raisins held together by a little bit of oatmeal cookie (similarly for the chocolate chip cookies). I ate a cookie for breakfast today and bought a dozen to take home as gifts. The people are chipper and helpful, the lines are never terribly long. If you're going to eat a cookie right away, spend $1 and get a glass of milk too. Otherwise, they'll keep for a few days before they start to taste dough-y. Put them in the toaster oven for a few minutes and they'll be as decadent as ever.
So I was able to make my way back here while in NY. Loove this place and even picked up a quart of milk before stopping by for some yummy cookies.  They were as good as I can remember... but I noticed the price went up to an even $4.00 a cookie, no that didn't stop me, it's still worth every penny!
I can't walk into anymore overpriced cupcake shops without wishing I was here instead. These cookies are phenomenal. Even though it takes a little less than an hour to walk here, it's soo tempting to come all the time.  The massive cookie ensures the perfect ratio of crunchy exterior and soft gooey middle. This place deserves 10 stars.
Best cookies ever! And the breads are great, too.
I give Levain a 3.5.  The cookies here are really good...BUT not worth $3.75.  I tried both the dark chocolate peanut butter chip and the chocolate chip walnut.  The dark choc peanut butter chip seemed heavier...I think because it was so chocolatey.  Each cookie was really heavy and dense.  It was a smart decision to get some milk to wash the cookies down.  I enjoyed eating the edges because I didn't care for soft under cooked centers.  If you want to feel guilty afterwards, go ahead and eat one whole cookie by yourself, but it was nice to share.  I don't plan on making any special trips back to this place mainly because it is ridiculous to charge that much for a cookie. I feel other bakeries have cookies just as good, and at a cheaper price.  Also the picture of the baked goods on the orange counter is deceiving...because Levain does not look like that at all. It is a small establishment below grade with a small counter a few stools to sit on. I noticed most people getting their cookies to go.
I don't know what I was thinking when I gave Levain 4 stairs before. I was clearly mistaken. Please forgive. Levain makes the most awesome, richest, moistest, and sinfully good cookies in the world. They are to DIE for. Even my bf who doesn't like sweets couldn't stop eating them.
I only tasted the cookies there but they are definitely the best ones I have ever had. Yes, they are quite expensive but huge! This bakery is really worth the detour. Be careful not to miss it, though, as it were small and down a flight of stairs.
A cookie has no reason to be this good. But they are and as someone who normally likes a thin, crispy cookie that is saying a lot.  If you haven't already then you really need to have some of these. I always get the double chocolate peanut butter cookie but yesterday I tried the oatmeal raisin and YUMMY!!! Sure it's 4 bucks for a cookie but it is almost a meal unto itself (and they are always warm - just the way a cookie should be). Avoid on the days, after Food Network reairs the challenge they had with Bobby Flay because then the store is full of Jersey visitors oogling over how BIG they are...other than that there's never a problem. ENJOY
Go! Just go!! Stop reading this if you are in the area and go right now!!! I'm not a fan of cookies or anything really sweet but this place has changed me into a future diabetic and I'm glad they did. I had a wonderful giagantic chocolate chip cookie with walnuts. Ughhhhh it was so damn good I had to stop after a bite and lean against to building because my body was filled with so much joy I felt like I was floating. It may cost 4 bucks a cookie but it is totally worth it. Line moves fairly quickly and the soft, gooey goodness of an adventure your mouth is about to embark on is totally worth it.
Best cookies I've ever had in my life! The $4 price tag is absolutely worth it. Get the dark chocolate, peanut butter cookie. You're welcome.
Uhhh.... This is the best cookie you've ever had in your life, and if you don't think so... Well, then, you're wrong.  You should have your right to opinions revoked.  You should take your box of chips ahoy, your square-toed Kenneth Coles or kitten heels,  and your love for Dane Cook stand-up....lost my train of thought.   Levain makes a big ass cookie done medium rare.  The center of the cookie remains a warm cookie dough.  The edges crisp up.  Somehow the chocolate chips stay melted.   Jesus.
BEST COOKIES OF MY ENTIRE LIFE! I went to Levain a few years ago on a trip to NYC and have been thinking about their cookies ever since. On a recent trip back, I made sure to stop by and have some cookies and they were just as amazing as I can remember. Warm, gooey, almost undercooked in the middle and full of chocolate flavor. The traditional chocolate chip is amazing, but the peanut butter chocolate chip is awesome as well. I live in Chicago and think Levain should open up shop here, bring us those amazing cookies!
OH MY GOD. After I ate the cookie, I thought, "This is it. I can die now." Haven't you been walking the Earth your entire life looking for the perfect cookie? Haven't you had many tasty experiences but also hit even more blind alleys in your life-quest for the perfect combination of chocolate, nuts, and gooey-rich warmth? Like me? Look no further. The Cookie is expensive, and the crowds can swarm in this tiny hole in the wall, but it is worth it. You may want to bring a friend to share (they're huge), but you're sure as h*ll not getting any of mine!
seriously one of the best cookies I've ever had. I'm partial to the dark chocolate pbutter cookie.
The first time I smelled a cookie from Levain, I had to know what was inside.  I was taunted and taunted till finally I had a bite, and I was in heaven.  The variety is amazing but the chocolate chip walnut is most definitely the most incredibly flavor they have.  I've walked from 97th street just for these cookies and i would make the walk all the way from queens.  These cookies are INCREDIBLE.
After picking up some treats from Laduree, I walked to Levain to get a couple each of their famous cookies. The store is super tiny and you have to go down a few narrow steps. They have a very small bar area where you can enjoy your bread/cookies and coffee or what have you. If you're claustrophobic, you might have problems. You get in knowing what you already want, pay and get out. Their cookies are $4 each but they're the size of my hand! They're super heavy. My box of 8 weighed 10lbs - my arm hurts from carrying the box. The cookies are not dry at all and has lots of chocolate chips/ peanut butter chips - more chips than cookie! Seriously the best cookies I've ever had. All their cookies are perfect 5/5: Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookie I sink my teeth on a cookie, close my eyes and have my moment of pure pleasure. Mmmm...
Yes the cookies are everything they say they are and more!!! It's been 4 months and I'm still dreaming about them, can't wait to go pick one up. But remember to bring someone to share it with so you don't feel so guilty for eating a pound of cookie!
Levain dark chocolate peanut butter cookie = the key to my heart. I appreciate that this bakery has a limited selection of cookies: dark chocolate peanut butter, chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip and oatmeal. There's no need for frills, just a great mix of amazing ingredients baked to perfection. So far I've only had the peanut butter cookie because I had it once and can't bear to order anything other than it. The cookie is crispy on the outside, and doughy on the inside. It will break apart in your hand and melt in your mouth. Yes, it is sweet, but it's a peanut butter cookie...what do you expect? With a tall glass of cold milk, this is my idea of heaven. Seriously, these cookies are to-die-for and they make the perfect gift!! You can order them online and have them delivered. Surprisingly, they stay gooey inside for longer than you'd think! Don't miss out!!!
Follow these directions to go to heaven: -- pick up a copy of the sunday times -- Walk to Levain, get a coffee, a cookie of your choice (I'm partial to the oatmeal raisins) and, since it's sunday and they have the cinnamon buns over the weekend only, get one of them too.  Why the heck not. -- Walk to central park, sit at a place with a great view, and enjoy your breakfast. -- Proceed to have one of those classic NY moments of blissfulness.
Let me preface this review by saying that I had ridiculously high expectations for Levain Bakery after seeing it on the Food Network and dreaming each and every day since then of traveling to the East Coast and holding one of their gargantuan cookies in my very hands. I have finally fulfilled this life goal, and the chocolate chip walnut cookie met and exceeded my ideal of it, if that's even possible. First off, the staff here is so nice! The girl that helped me out here was incredibly sweet-natured--obviously, we were tourists and she made conversation and listed other favorite food places nearby. She also warned me multiple times that my cookie was straight out of the oven and piping hot! In short, the employees here appear to have a true passion for their product and make every customer feel like they are getting an extra special treat. Now to the masterpiece/cookie: indeed, mine seemed to be literally taken straight out of the oven. We waited until after a quick lunch to dig in, and even after some time breaking into the cookie revealed a wonderful gooey, buttery, melty, chocolate-y mess inside the browned outer crust layer. It tasted just like it looked--super sugary, which one can only expect from a giant cookie. Please, please don't let the cost deter you, because you will be missing out on the absolute best rendition of a classic dessert.
I tried three cookies here: the Chocolate Chip Walnut, the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, and the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. I have to say that these are probably the weirdest (non-cookie like) cookies I've ever had; they're more like a hybrid between a scone and brownie. Unfortunately I can only judge their taste by the one fresh cookie I received, which was the chocolate chip walnut one. It was hot out of the oven, incredibly dense, gooey, and pretty darn tasty. The other two (the double chocolate and the peanut butter) were slightly burned on the edges, which surprised me because I heard that these cookies are well-known for being undercooked, almost to the point of resembling raw cookie dough. I assume that they simply sat out for a while, turning them rock hard and cold--I guess I should have asked to have them warmed up? Needless to say I didn't even come close to finishing them. Despite my mediocre experience, I might consider giving this place another shot. However at $4 a cookie, I can only hope that if there is a next time, all of the cookies I purchase will be edible.
Went here based on the reviews, was not disappointed. I got the cinnamon brioche and was hands down the best I've had. I wish they would have had chocolate brioche but that's what happens when you get there at 2 pm. Also had a line in the afternoon so this place must be a madhouse in the morning. They had a few options for vegans also so that was refreshing. I wish I would have tried the cookies... Overall delicious food and very friendly service.
Yep. These are the best cookies I've ever had in my life. I just recently went to NYC with my family and kept talking about how I HAD to go to levain before we left. We I'll be damned if I took the train up there myself and got some before we headed back to DC. My family fell in love and so did I. I don't understand how they get the perfect consistency of gooey, but still done on the outside. These are amazing! I was also eyeing some of their other goodies....valhorna sourdough rolls? fresh jam and cream cheese sandwiched between a baguette? yes please!
Cookies the size of scones. Seriously, they could be a meal.  Dark chocolate with peanut butter chips is AMAZING.  I would marry that cookie.
these cookies are THE BEST EVER!!  I've never had a cookie that was so crisp on the outside and so chewy and gooey on the inside.  the choclate chips are rich, but not too sweet.  my husband, who doesn't like cookies didn't even want to take a bite, but convincing him to take a bite was a mistake, cause he ended up loving them too.   the cookies are big enough to share, but you may not want to.  i'm so sad that I don't live here to enjoy them more often, but my waistline is probably better off.
BELOW YOU WILL FIND NEW INFORMATION THAT CANNOT BE FOUND IN LEVAIN BAKERY'S 2,400 OTHER REVIEWS. . . . . . . . . Just kidding, but now you're reading. When you visit, you'll find it's on the basement floor of the building. The first thing that hits you is the giant waft of baking smells. That's how I want to die. In a bakery or a kitchen while giant f-ing cookies are being baked. You can get all sorts of baked goods here, but stick with the giant f-ing cookies. Yesterday I got the chocolate cookies with peanut butter chips. My friend got the chocolate cookie with the dark chocolate chips. By the way, did I mention these cookies are f-ing giant? They are. If you are a big eater or simply die for sweets, you could polish it off in one sitting (if you are sitting for a half an hour). The best bet is to buy one or more, eat half, and save the rest for later. Pop em in the fridge and then microwave them (or bake them at around 350 in tin foil for 10 min) to get em all gooey and good again. THERE YOU GO. THE MOST AMAZING 2,382nd YELP REVIEW EVER.
Another one of pit stops for sweet tooth foodie. Like everyone previously said, these cookies are huge. They are as big as, if not bigger, than a good-sized scone. Even though I'm big on sweets, the portion was way too big. I had to eat it in three settings. Nevertheless, the chocolate chip walnut, their most famous, was delicious. When the staff first hands it to you, your senses are invigorated; the warmth of cookies on your palm, the smell wafting through the air, the eye-popping size of that goodliness, and the thought of devouring that cookie. It's a must visit in NY, but be careful eating them too often. The scale might not be as nice to you.
cookiescookiescookiescookiescookiescookiescookies They're sweet and as fat as your own corpulent post-cookie ass. Eat one at the right time and you'll need a spoon. And they sell milk at the store. Ka-ching.
You go to Levain Bakery for the cookies, plain and simple.  Okay, so they have other baked goods that are good, but seriously, try the cookies.  You won't be disappointed.   Gotta say my favorite is the chocolate chip walnut, those walnuts really do add great flavor and texture to the already amazing cookie base.  The dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie is pretty good as well, maybe the sweetest of all four but if you love peanut butter, I can't see why you won't love this one.  The oatmeal raisin doesn't taste like your average oatmeal raisin because of the fact that you can taste the butter in this cookie which goes surprisingly well with the oatmeal and the raisins.  Finally, if you just can't get enough of chocolate, do yourself a favor and buy the dark chocolate chip cookie.  There's so much chocolate in that cookie to the point of chocolate overload...unless you can handle it, of course.   Don't go to Crumbs down the street, go here!
This review is solely for the chocolate chip walnut cookie.  This place produces cookies juiced up on 'roids. That said, each bite is delicious! I had enough cookie to share with 3 other people.  I am not sure what chips they use but it was in perfect balance with the walnuts and the gooey center of the cookie dough.  As noted in previous reviews, be prepared to shell out some dough for this cookie - but I think it was worth it! I wish I knew about this place before I moved to the opposite coast... but at least I was able to savor the perfect cookie. :D As should you!
The bakery may only sell a couple of items but they perfected those items. I was a bit Leary when I saw the line out the door the day before Thanksgiving but I was surprised. The staff helped everybody and in line, took their money and gave their products in less than 4 minutes each :) I can't wait to go back :) The dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie is amazing!!
oh my god. shame on me, shame on meeeeeeee! why have i ignored this place for so long! (well, i moved to NY three months ago) the place was small, but as soon as i steped in, i knew the place was meant to be small 'cuz i could smell their cookies all inside of the store! of course, yum! smell. then the stuff was so nice and friendly. i just ordered one chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, but he kindly gave me one of the cookies from the shelf, not the one from the counter, and it was still warm. i couldn't wait to bite it so as i walked down the street, i took a bite. i stopped walking. i stood there for sec. i realized that the people who were making cookies behind the casher were iron chefs...iron bakers rather?whatever, i love them, i love them for making these cookies..i'll love them as long as they make these cookies.. oh, so heavenly...
Gigantic cookies with delicious gooey centers.  We had the Oatmeal Raisin as well as the dark chocolate with peanut butter chips.  Really tasty, but still could not justify 4 bucks a pop.  Perhaps if these were $2.50 they would earn 5 full stars.
These cookies are to die for.  Perfect gift.  Or perfect way to curl up on the sofa & binge your way to a sugar happy high :)
This is my favorite place to get cookies in NY.  The cookies are expensive but you'll understand when you see how big and delicious they are. The lines are always out the door but it moves quickly.
Small little place, so you may need to wait a few minutes in line, worth the wait! Cookies are delicious Oatmeal raisin: soft and chewy, just the right amount of sweetness....yummy Chocolate chip with walnuts....just right as well! Soft, chewy and the chocolate going out $4 for each cookie, little steep for one cookie but well worth it and a good way to treat yourself!
LOCATION: You have to look out for it. It's not obvious and has no seats. The shop itself is tiny but you are greeted by a fantastic chocolatey smell the minute you step in. TASTE: Rich and chocolatey. Slightly crispy on the outside, warm and fluffy on the inside. Very very good although you might want to share it or risk missing a meal. Yea, it's that rich. PRICE: Slightly pricey for a cookie but it's HUGE. A cross between a cookie and a  scone.
Imagine a cookie the size of your fist.  Then imagine that cookie is crisp around the edges, golden brown on the top and bottom, chewy just inside, and then mushy and underdone in the middle.  That is a pretty nice daydream. Then imagine going to the gym every day for the next several weeks--because that's what you will need to do.  I got two cookies and my bag weighed about 4 lbs., and was soon almost soaked through with butter. I tried the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip.  The latter was definitely the standout.  Gooey chocolate and melty peanut butter chips just coat your mouth and make you absolutely need a glass of milk. At  $3.75 per cookie and who knows how many calories, luckily you can probably only eat just one.
Levain "Bakery" should just be named Levain "Cookies" because that's all you should get there.   While the Chocolate Chip Walniut is the best, just get whatever cookie is the most recent to leave the oven (they bake fresh batches throughout the day).  These are the cakey, not crispy, kind of cookies, and they are perfect when gooey and warm on the inside.
I went a few weeks ago on a early Saturday evening and I was happy to find out that there wasn't a long wait. The smell of freshly baked cookies was positively intoxicating! It does seem pricey for a single cookie but it is totally worth it! I chose two cookies - Dark Chocolate Chip and Chocolate Chip Walnut. They were still warm when I got them and I was careful because I was taking them on my flight back to Florida. They were STILL delicious days afterwards. Each cookie was the size of my fist! My favorite was the Chocolate Chip Walnut of the two since the Dark Chocolate was a tad sweeter. Both were divine though :)
Believe the hype. We got the double chocolate chip and chocolate peanut butter chip. The cookies were huge and filled with lots of ooey gooey chips. Moist and tender crumb, melt in your mouth deliciousness. Given to us warm mmmmm. Perfect with a hot beverage on a crisp fall afternoon. Highly recommend.
I stand corrected. The dark chocolate peanut butter is, quite possibly, my favorite cookie ever. Rich chocolate that isn't too sweet, mixed with peanut butter chips makes it reminiscent of Reese's Pieces - a candy of which I am very fond. I'm not a huge cookie fan to begin with, so I was reluctant to go back and try Levain since my first lackluster experience. But thank goodness I did, because all other cookies be slackin' in comparison. (Chips Ahoy? Pfft.)
yes, i had a cookie for breakfast, don't judge me. this is the mother of all cookies. don't try to eat one by yourself, you might fall over and die. but oh man, would that be a good way to go.
This place is obscene. Their cookies are as amazing as everyone says: perfectly crunchy on the outside and all gooey love on the inside. Even their coffee is scrumptious.
These cookies are so good and rich they made me feel sick. I couldn't stop eating the warm, fresh, gooey, melty chocolateness! Next time I will split one of these with 3-4 people when, not if, I go back.
Hands down best cookies I have ever had. This is probably the only thing I would stand in line for. Go get them while they're hot!!
After intense feelings of eating pleasure, my mind has finally returned to a state where coherent sentences can be typed. Having a Levain cookie is comparable to how people describe an out of body experience, forgetting any conception of space and time, as if my soul has projected itself to the shores of paradise and I see the cookie light. Firstly, what is Levain? (Besides a bakery you have to go to). My penchant for word association first reached out to "Levant", a section of the Eastern Mediterranean better known for shawarma than chocolate chip cookies. Strike that theory. My mind wanders to "Leviathan", a masterpiece of philosophy by  17th century english political philosopher Thomas Hobbes. I recalled the book's cover whereby an imposing King reaches out over his dominions, with torso and arms composed of people. Truly the leviathan of bakeries, I can see "Levain" as a figure made up of 300 cookies towering over the Upper West side. For a life that is nasty, brutish, and short, why not indulge in the senses and stuff as many as these $4 pearls of paradise into your mouth? So finally, the actual reason why the bakery is named "Levain" has to do entirely with the French word for a leavening agent, made up of flour, water and wild yeast. Brilliant in its simplicity. Fellow yelper Benson Y introduced me to the glory of Levain and for that I am forever grateful. Last week's march through the cold was followed by a march through the snow yesterday to conduct a scientific experiment: Are such cookies, which clearly exist in my hand, of this earth and repeatably good or a one trick pony? The line was short, perhaps due to the elements. For the voyeur in us all, you can tune in to the web cam and watch the interior. It's a tiny subterranean shop staffed by some of the most polite women I have encountered in this city that prides itself on a 'fuggadeaboutit' crudeness. They smile. They laugh. They have patience if you don't know what to order. They are the Anti post office angels who make a line waiting experience not one of fear and trepidation but rather eager anticipation. The cookie would still be divine but the experience hellish if it wasn't for these Angels of Levain. (Unless you actually like being in cramped spaces with your fellow cookie cravers for long periods of time) Much has been written of the cookies, which has rightfully made the reputation of Levain what it is today. But I encourage you to try a slide of bread, specifically banana chocolate chip. Just like the cookie, it's best eaten while warm. Moist, gooey and embodying the Good, this bread has a deserved spot in the pantheon of taste but must live in the shadow of the more popular cookie. Support the underdog and try the bread! The cookie will shatter your idea of what a cookie is. Founders Connie McDonald and Pam Weekes have masterminded a hybrid cookie and scone that is a palm sized piece of pleasure. I had dark chocolate peanut butter yesterday and it was the perfect source of warmth on a snow day. Melting peanut butter in my mouth ,surrounded by dark chocolate is really how I wish I could brush my teeth every day. My visits to Central Park have become much more dangerous knowing that a few blocks away from Strawberry Fields is Levain Bakery. I brace myself for future weight gain.
There is only one word to describe these cookies, ORGASMIC. Yes, I said it. They are ORGASMIC. *especially if they just came out of the oven, OMG* So what if they are 23942890342 calories? So what if they nearly gave me a heart attack walking up the stairs? So what if I live in West Bubble Fuq Queens and I work in Downtown Brooklyn? Nothing will ever stop me from having another cookie!
Best Cookie in town..Its the size of my head..LOL.. Love the chocolate chip cookie :)
Excuse me for a moment as I think about the amazingness that is a Levain cookie. My friend had informed me that these cookies were an absolute MUST when I was in New York, so we made sure to visit on our first day in the city. Oh my, were they ever worth the walk. Levain offers classic cookie flavors, but there is nothing simple about them. These cookies blew my mind. They are seriously about an inch thick, weigh about half a pound, are crunchy on the outside, and are incredibly soft on the inside. On our first trip we sampled the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookies. I definitely had a "moment" when I took the first bite. Love. Oh so very much in love. The oatmeal raisin and the dark chocolate with chocolate chip cookies were also spectacular: there really wasn't a bad choice in the bunch.  You really can't go wrong. We ended up making a second trip back to Levain before leaving NYC: we purchased a few boxes filled with cookies to bring home to our family/friends so they could experience them as well. Oh, and 3-4 more for myself... ;)
Levain Bakery is truly an UWS treasure! The line is always out the door but the wait is never more than 5 minutes. The smell of freshly baked cookies just oozes out the door. My favorites are the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate chocolate chip. They are by far the best cookies I've ever had! Rich, gooey, and served warm, they're about a pound of yumminess.
Good freaking lord, their chocolate peanut butter cookie is the best cookie I have ever had in my life. The best (and only) $3.75 cookie I'd ever buy.
omg cookies! if cookie monster could have a last meal, i'm sure he would choose to eat here! the cookies are pricey at $4 a piece, but these are giant cookies that look more like muffin tops than cookies.   we had the chocolate chocolate chip and they were so rich and decadent.  next time, i wanna try their different kinds.  so good! be careful, they're addictive
The best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had! Warm, gooey, and just perfect for a drizzly day! We enjoyed one of these during our NYC visit early December, just remembered to yelp it today :) Also the staff were very friendly.
normally i'm a freegan, so it takes greatness for me to hash out 4 bucks per cookie. these things are heaven in your mouth. just enough crunch but still oh so soft. I've only tried the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocalate peanut better but both blew me away.
Normally, I'd slap myself for paying $4 for a single cookie, but I decided to go easy this time. I grew up around the magical world of dirt-cheap bake sales where $1 slices, 50-cent cupcakes and quarter cookies exist. I'm still trying to process how I paid 16 times that amount but being a chocolate chip cookie fan, I had to see just how good it was. Came here with a coworker and I got the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie and for her, Oatmeal Raisin Scone. The cookie was totally not  what I was expecting--I knew it was humongous but other than the size and the enormous amount of chocolate chips, it wasn't anything special. Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't think the cookie was thoroughly baked--the inside was still kind of wet, like almost doughy and taken out of the oven too soon--like eating wet dough. I think that kind of ruined my appetite. Plus, it was just an overwhelming, rich dessert for me. My coworker, however, loved her scone. Way over-hyped and expensive. Not many options to choose from, to my surprise.
Obsessed with these cookies! Yes it is expensive for a cookie...but the cookie is huge and unlike any other cookie I've ever had before. Peanut better chocolate chip is my fave, however I've never been disappointed by any of the flavors!
Everyone's already reviewed this place but I figured I might as well add to the thousand or so on here. COME HERE FOR YOUR NY COOKIE FIX! Seriously, best cookies I've tried in NYC and I'm no stranger to this city. The outside is delightfully crispy but the inside is all melted and gooey and yum... I'm craving one right now! I don't understand why everyone is complaining they couldn't finish the cookie. I devoured it in like 3 minutes... Just get one for yourself. These cookies are not meant to be shared. Levain Bakery is easy to miss so make sure you keep an eye out for it's iconic blue sign.
Amazing cookies.  They only have four flavors-- chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate/dark chocolate chips, dark chocolate/ peanut butter chips, and oatmeal raisin-- but each one is incredibly good.  Yes, they are $4 a piece... but they're also 6 ounces each.   One would do for breakfast and lunch.   Just priority mailed two of these to someone special.  The guy at the counter said they keep for 5 days... though when in hand, they won't survive that long!
Love this place. Has the best cookies in my opinion. They're so large and if you eat them when they're still warm the chocolate chips are melted just the perfect amount. Chocolate chip walnut is my favorite of the 4 choices (they have oatmeal, chocolate chocolate chip, and chocolate peanut butter).  There's usually a line out the door, but service is very quick and it's definitely worth the short wait!
I can't say anything more than what's already been said about this bakery. Hands down best chocolate chip walnut cookie ever! I don't have much of a sweet tooth but I absolutely devoured that giant cookie. Go here!
I ate the whole thing.  It was amazing.  A touch crisp on the outside, but then 90% soft and gooey and delicious on the inside.  The chocolate chips were all melty - mmm, terrific!  These cookies are not expensive for the quality and size.  Absolutely worth the $3.75, as all of these glowing reviews attest.
Monster cookies! Expensive ($4) but worth every penny. Oozing with chocolate freshly baked moments before your purchase... you'll be in cookie heaven within moments!
Best cookies EVER! if you live in NY, go here asap. 1 cookie is all you'll need, and a big glass of milk. Im usually a choc chip cookie person, but levain's oatmeal raisin cookie knocks my socks off. Cant say enough how good the cookies are there. Coooooookkkiiiee!!!
AMAZING cookies. I don't know how they do it. How do you made it so amazing? I have no idea. The cookies are huge. You will not be disappointed (unless they run out of something you're dieing for).
Delicious, delicious cookie goodness awaits you here-if you can find it. It's off the ave, tucked away beneath a waxing store, identifiable only by an unassuming little sign. Unless you know what you're looking for, it's improbable that you'll just "happen upon" this place. Once you're here, you know what's up the moment you walk through their doors. The scent of freshly baked cookies and scones wafts up to greet you, plays with your senses, and tempts you to indulge. Everything on display looks absolutely ravishing, but we succumbed to the chocolate chip and walnut cookies. These cookies are ginormous, and are essentially meals by themselves. At $4, the price is steep (which is why I deducted a star), but it's worth your money at least once. You'll probably never look back.
Double Chocolate Cookie was divine as well as the Chocolate Peanut Butter!!!! I will definitely be back to try the others! There will most likely be a line (since the cookies are so good) but it moves quickly and is worth the wait!
OMGoodness! DEEEElicious!!! Worth the money. Treat yourself and someone else. You will not be disappointed.
My friend had recommended this bakery while I was visiting NYC. She takes her food seriously, so I took her seriously, but with a jam-packed schedule mainly in Midtown (staying at the Roosevelt), it didn't look like I would make it to the Upper West Side to try it out. However, on the last day I was in NY, with 1.5 hours until I had to leave at the airport, I was in Grand Central and thought, what the hell, it's now or never. I jumped on a subway that was about to leave that came up right in front of Levain, found the tiny bakery, and jumped back on a waiting subway to Grand Central. Hallelujah, am I glad I did. My friend hadn't described the cookies or bakery, so I was surprised that it was hard to find if you didn't know what you were looking for, but the cookies are about the size of the bakery itself. Being so huge and pricey, I only got two (the classic chocolate chip walnut and chocolate chocolate chip) but now wish I had gotten all the fresh cookies I could handle. My husband and I ate our cookies at the airport and when we returned to LA, I ate the rest of his cookie when he wasn't home because I couldn't resist it. I had my parents bring 6 cookies from Levain when they visited NYC (in all, they spent $50 on cookies) and they were gone within a week, even though they're really rich. Cookies fresh out of the oven will melt in your mouth and be impossible to resist or leave uneaten. I now only dream of two NY foods: Levain's cookies, and a gyro stand near NYU.
Another one I forgot to review as if this place needs more 5 star reviews but I'll throw in my 2 cents too.  Insert profanity to desribe what I said the first time I bit into the double chocolate cookie - it is that *@#*ing good!!!  I have been several times to get boxes for any special occassion and everyone has always been blown away by these giant melt in your mouth cookies!!!  My favorite is the chocolate peanut chip which I'm sorry to say blow away the ones my mom used to make (sorry Mom!!).  This place is totally NYC with its metal staircase leading you down into the tiny but always busy and super friendly little bakery that turns out giant gooey goodness!!!!   All Hail Levain!!!!!
When I googled around, I discovered Levain is often touted as having one of the best chocolate chip cookies in the entire country. In fact, Food and Wine Magazine gave Levain a shout out for having one of the top ten cookies in the U.S. My husband and I therefore set out on a thirty minute walk from our hotel on our last visit to NYC to find these famous cookies. Once again, as is the case with many of NYC's famous foodie landmarks we set out to find, because Levain is tiny, we almost missed it! We had to consult out phones a few times before finally locating it!  We finally found Levain, which is a tiny spot down a flight of stairs. The display case was awe-inspiring-- not only do they have cookies, but they have baguettes with butter and jam, scones, muffins and more! So here's why Levain's cookies are so famous-- they are known not only for being enormous (like 6 ounces enormous!), but reports indicate they are crisp on the outside and melt in your mouth on the inside.  I also read many reviews in which the cookies come to you hot off the rack! We ordered one of their well-known chocolate chip walnut cookies and one of their chocolate peanut butter chip cookies.  I did something I normally never do-- once we had the bag in hand, we stepped out onto the street and immediately dove in for tastes of both (though we just had breakfast!).  My husband insisted we had to so we could experience the cookies in their ideal condition, i.e. fresh off the rack. Umm. . . HOLY COOKIES!  Anyone who claims Levain Bakery offers of the best cookies in America is not exaggerating at all!  Hands down-- these were the best cookies I have ever had in my life, no joke.  The chocolate chip walnut was epic-- words can't even describe how ooey-gooey the insides were.  In fact, the chocolate chips were still a bit melted!  The outside consisted of the perfect chewy cookie crust.  As far as the chocolate peanut butter chip, it didn't taste at all like a brownie, like I expected.  I was worried the cookie would be too chocolately and fudgy, but I had no need to fret.  The chocolate flavor was mild and the peanut butter flavor really shined.  In fact, if I was eating the cookie in a blind taste test, I might not even identify the chocolate cookie as chocolate, but rather a traditional chocolate chip cookie with peanut butter chips.  That, my friends, is a good thing!  No one wants a brownie when they are expecting to eat a cookie! We ended up having a few bites of each and saving the rest for dessert later that night.  I ended up devouring both cookies all on my own! Mark my words-- I am always and forever visiting Levain Bakery when I go to NYC.  In fact, next time, I want to bring home a whole bag of cookies to share with my family back here in RI.  Oh, who am I kidding-- I want to bring home a big bag of cookies all or myself! By the way, the next time I throw a party, I am ordering Levain Cookies online to be delivered here because, yes, they do have an online store.  In fact,  I may throw a party just to be able to order those cookies!
In the good old days at the end of the twentieth century, half way around the globe in the capital of food and fashion, the ultra-thin models allowed themselves to indulge in an occasional treat:  the chocolate baguette sandwich.  Since they could not possibly consume a pan au chocolat, or God forbid, a chocolate croissant, these deprived souls invented a substitution as a solution to their gnawing hunger. The result was a piece of a dark chocolate sandwiched between the crunchy, salty and fragrant baguette - a complete harmony of sweet and salty.   I do not know whether Levain knew about the craze in Paris, in its quirky little hole half-buried underground, but their counterpart of sourdough rolls stuffed with dark chocolate - chewier and heavier - were more than adequately delicious, which drew me over from time to time, along with their solid oatmeal raisin scone (not the English scone). Chocolate Chip Walnut The first thing I need to point out is their admirable choice to use walnuts; it was about time someone combined the two against convention - seemingly, to many purists' horror.  However, why should there be any problem in the conjugation of chocolate and walnuts?  Dissenters: Speak now or forever hold your peace.  All I can find among the loads of toasted walnuts and chocolate chips are good logic and even better flavor.  The cookie, about the size of the fist of a 5-feet-10 man, is baked crispy on the edges and half raw in the middle.  Perhaps that was not picturesquely descriptive; let me rephrase it:  A light brown shell encases a soft, chewy and crumbling center, where the chocolate chips have melted to almost blend into the dough and to interweave the toasted and aromatic walnuts.  By the way, I think dentists should consider changing the laughing gas to the aroma of Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookies - more incentive to keep your teeth fit, don't you think? Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Levain grabbed my heart with both hands, or, their peanut butter chips did.  So far, I can only count two places where I have been able to constantly find peanut butter chip cookies:  a cafeteria on a twenty-six floor and Levain.  The conventional form of peanut butter cookie, while it can be good, has nothing inside to offer - no chocolate chips, no nuts, which, in my dictionary, translates to "adj. 1. boring; 2. lacking." On the other hand, peanut butter chips are creamy and, what's more, they melt like chocolate chips into warm gooey delicious globs of pure joy. The dark - almost bitter - cocoa infused dough perfectly counterbalances the sweetness of my beloved peanut butter chips.
No seriously.  Seriously and really. Seriously the BEST cookies in the frickin world.  A half pound wonder of a cookie.  I love them all.  The oatmeal raisin, the chocolate chip, the ones with walnut, macadamias, I dont care.  I'll take them all any time of day.  Really what a divine invention the chocolate peanut butter is.  They are simply decadent.  I cant get enough of them even if it means (my sister and Nelly) treking to the UWS for the gooey goodness to wait for me to come home in Brooklyn :).
This place is like CRACK to me.  I love this place.  A good cookie and some coffee and I am in food heaven!
My boyfriend and I had heard about this bakery so we wanted to try it out next time we were in NYC. Two weekends ago when we were there with my sisters we decided to try it. They all got cookies and I got a scone. We decided to sit right outside the bakery to enjoy our treats since there isn't space inside. We were all more than a few bites into our respective treats (which mind you, were awesome) when my sister felt something hard in her cookie. She spit out a nail. Not a fingernail, but a metal nail. I understand that accidents happen. We weren't totally flipping out, but extremely concerned. We went back into the bakery and I quietly told the girl behind the counter what had happened. She appeared moderately concerned and got the manager. They apologized and offered to refund the money for just my sister's cookie and also to replace it. Now, I'm not saying they should have given us a year's supply of free cookies or anything, but refunding our total purchase and a sincere apology would have been nice. A little bit of empathy and customer service can go a long way. While my scone was very very delicious, its extremely doubtful I'll ever go here again.
The Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookies manages to be both a cookie and a good lava brownie at the same time, all for just $4. Now, I know $4 for just one delicious treat seems like a lot, but this cookie is worth the splurge. We got both the chocolate chocolate chip cookie and the original chocolate chip with walnuts. To be honest the original cookie was good but I didn't think anything so special, BUT the chocolate chocolate chip cookie is literally the BEST most decadent cookie I've ever had!!! If you check out these yelp reviews you'll find people actually rag on Levain's cookies...I read the negative comments and I completely disagree, but don't trust me, go try one for yourself...but do yourself a favor and have the double chocolate it's worth it!!! I do agree that the line can be long, the place is very very very tiny, but we didn't wait too long, maybe 10mins...try it and post what YOU think. Happy Delicious Treats!!!
Incredibly amazing cookies -- it's completely insane how good these cookies actually are. I have absolutely no idea how they make these things as big as a scone yet perfect from crust to innermost crumb. I always go for the chocolate chip walnut, but wouldn't hold it against you if you tried another.
Awesome, delicious cookies, especially when they're warm. I was dreaming about the Double Chocolate cookies for days after.
Oh my god........chocolate chips and walnuts are working their delicious magical powers in my mouth right now as I type. I was in this bakery (it's the size of a closet) an hour ago and didn't get to try my goodies until now......and they are ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. MY TASTE BUDS ARE SCREAMING IN JOY (and anger that I did not discover this bakery sooner).   Forget any other delicious, chewy, gooey, cookies you thought you loved because this place will change your mind FOREVER. Okay I'm getting out of control with this review but these cookies are just too amazing. I got the chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chip, and dark chocolate peanut butter (ALL are equally delicious which is rare).  These cookies are huge--definitely not for finishing in one sitting.  Get them all....$4 ea. and damn good.   They also had oatmeal raisin but I am not a fan...although I probably would've became one if I had it from Levain.  Also, try to get them while they're still semi-warm. ***My second time giving 5 stars to a place!
Probably one of the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had.   I love the cookies at city bakery because they're crisper and I'm a crispy cookie type of person, but if you're looking for a gooey, thick, chewy cookie, this is the place to go! This is the type of cookie where you feel the cookie should've been in the oven a little bit longer because the middle is so doughy and gooey, but that's the beauty of this cookie!  This is definitely 3 cookie scoops baked as one cookie, it's huge!
I love their chocolate chip cookies with walnuts. Yumm. First time I went, I wasn't convinced... they were just out of the oven and still warm, and I couldn't get why it was so popular, yet.... somehow the taste lingered... This past weekend, wanting a GOOD chocolate chip cookie, I decided, let me go again to Levain bakery... man, am I glad I did!! I have decided that these ARE the very best in NYC. I can't imagine them being any better than this. I actually prefer them AFTER they've cooled a bit... I'm a huge fan. Great job, Levain bakery!!
Everyone loves cookies, but you haven't tasted anything until you've had a cookie from Levain. Not only are they enormous, my friends call them mookies for "mass of cookie", but they are like heaven in your mouth.  I would recommend the chocolate chip walnut, but they are all delicious and stuffed full of chocolate or raisins. So far I haven't tried anything but their cookies and I doubt I ever will; they're just impossible to resist.
One bite into the humungous chocolate chip walnut cookie I thought, "Wow, this is a perfectly sweet, delicious cookie." One bite of the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie and I'd found crack from an oven! So freakin delicious. The dark chocolate ones are just as great, although mine was underbaked. Plus you can order these online!!
Great cookies and really tasty pizzas (I had the artichoke one). the cookies are so tasty and heavy that you will be only able to eat one. Expensive $4 for a cookie and $7 for a small pizza. But there are lines at the door, so why lower prices when you are winning?
The cookies are heavenly good.  The day I went, there was a line wrapped out the door and down the street.  So I sent my husband and 1 year old daughter to a nearby park and stood in line patiently hoping they would not sell out of chocolate chip cookies.  The servers were super polite and the line moved efficiently and quickly.   I think it was 4 bucks per cookie, but it ate like a meal.  Too bad they don't sell coffee as well. But I guess they don't want to confuse the issue.  They are cookie artists here.  A must try.
Absolutely incredible! I'm so impressed with this establishment. Be warned there is no seating, there is a line through the door wrapped around the corner (and that's just for a Monday afternoon) & prices are expensive ($4 per cookie) but it was well worth the cost, the cool was delicious and I will definitely be going back! Staff was pleasant, service was quick (always a good thing) and because of that the long line moved relatively quick. I even went into Starbucks after buying my cookies and 30 minutes after purchasing the cookies were still warm w/ a wonderful aroma, a man next to me asked where the cookies were from and I recommended this bakery to him! I was skeptical about the size of the cookie for a whopping $4 but they were actually almost as large as my hand, very fluffy & cake like consistency just like described as many other reviewers! A hybrid between a muffin, cookie & cake is how someone described these cookies and that's pretty accurate. I would especially recommend if you are a tourist because I've never tasted a cookie like this ever before! & the chocolate chip walnut cookies have my stamp of approval!
I am not going to repeat what everyone else's reviews have mentioned about these cookies.  All I am going to say will mean alot to you in general. These cookies are: - $4 each - GINORMOUS - HEAVY - Every visitor so far has visited this place and bought some cookies back with them. - Everytime I have gone back to California, I bring back a whole box of them, which ends up working out my arm muscles since they are so heavy! The End.
Honestly, I walked in here thinking "How good could a chocolate chip cookie really be?" Boy was that some serious life-before-Levain talk. This is by far one of the most craveable cookies I've ever had in my life. And for a girl with the nickname cookie monster, that's a pretty big deal. The moment you break off a piece of the chocolate chip walnut, you already know what you're in for. It's a crisp exterior giving way to a soft, chewy interior. The chocolate chips are somehow just a tad bit melted to cover your mouth and tongue with the maximum chocolate experience. The crunch of the walnuts and the chewiness of the dough make a little "ohmygosh" escape from your lips. $3.75 is not too much to pay for this form of instant happiness. This little basement bakery is easy to pass (more for me), but if you find it, the thought of it will never be far from your mind.
Best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had! I came in 1 hour before closing time and they were still popping cookies in the oven! I got my cookies still warm! So good! Can't wait to try the other ones!
Seriously. The. Best. Cookie. In. The. World. .
Best cookie ever.  Incredible.  Nothing more needs to be said.  These cookies are huge, about the size of my fist, and they are warm and gooey on the outside and crispy on the edges.  The chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter are my personal favorites.  I'm glad I have no self control and have no issues powering through the entire cookie in one sitting. Some complain about the cost - $4/cookie isn't cheap - but think of all of the things in this city you spend an excessive amount of money on(I'm looking at all you Starbucks regulars out there). These are at least freaking delicious.   You can also go online and have a set of four cookies be shipped to a friend when you want to share the awesomeness of Levain with someone out of town.
Levain Bakery = Best Chocolate Chip Cookies Ever...Need I say more?
There is a reason why they only make cookies (mostly). Because they're damn good at them. Doesn't matter what it is, its a thick @$$, gooey, hot, cookie with melty chocolate and a touch of doughy in the middle. Its fantastic! These aren't no soft Chips Ahoy. You can taste the difference. That being said I can probably make these but when I'm lazy I'll defer to Levain.
been waiting for a friend of a friend to go here with me and spend $4 on a cookie and let me try a bite luckily that exact scenario took place just 3 weeks ago the cookie was bold if not unsurprising
One word...AMAZING! The shop is not easy to spot. It is located in a walk down storefront. But the delicious smell of fresh baked cookies will lead you in the right direction, as well as the long line that moves pretty quickly. Once inside the choices are overwhelming. Everything...oh yes...everything looks delicious. And believe me it tastes heavenly. Of course, the cookies are the highlight. I have tasted all four flavors, and shared them with friends. It's near impossible to eat these huge cookies on your own. They each weigh 6 ounces. My picks are in the following order: Chocolate chip walnut ( the best) literally melts in your mouth. Dark chocolate chip ( good) ideal for chocolate lovers. It's rich and moist. Oatmeal raisin ( ok) seems healthy, but too sweet for my taste. And last the peanut butter (least favorite) for those who LOVE peanut butter. It's an intense taste. All cookies are sold warm, right out of the oven. You can actually see the bakers in action. Other pastries to try and highly recommended are: the walnut raisin roll (the cheapest item but delicious), the valrohna bread ( YUM...enough said), the coffee cake, the banana bread, the plain brioche ( buttery), the blueberry muffins ( go fast) and the country roll ( crusty with a soft center). The prices are steep, but the quality and freshness of their baked goods make up for the cost. This is an absolute must try bakery.
It's very telling that I've been here several times and have yet to take a photo of my cookie before I start gobbling it up! BEST CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES IN NYC. Yeah I said it. What's the fuss about? Have you SEEN these cookies?? They are unlike any other chocolate chip cookies anywhere (that I've been). First of all, they're the size (and roughly shape) of a FIST. It's more like a chunk o' cookie. They are heavy, dense, and absolutely to die for. The outside is slightly crunchy and gives way to a gooey, melty, chocolately inside. Seriously, just try eating these without a napkin. Can't do it. The chocolate is creamy and sweet but not too sugary. The dough and walnuts help offset the sweetness of the chocolate. HOLY CRAP. $4 is nothing for one cookie that can double as a MEAL. Seriously, I've never been able to finish one of these in one sitting, much as I've tried. Never been there without a line, but it moves fast and the workers in the bakery do everything they can to move the line along. Another tip: The sour cream coffee cake is delicious! If you ever become tired of the cookies. You know, in theory.
Ok, so you turn off Amsterdam onto 74th and see this little hole in the wall type place. Walk down the stairs and into an amazzzzinnnngggg smelling bakery. Ask the nice people for your cookie (chocolate chip is my personal favorite) and they are going to ask you for $4.  Yes, $4 for 1 cookie. All you have to do is say yes please. Really amazing cookies, served nice and warm.  When you hand you the bag you are going to think they left about an extra pound of cookies in there, but that is just how big / heavy they are. Try to head there a little on the earlier side of the day to score a better choice - as the day goes on the selection does start to dwindle a bit. Solid dessert spot on the UWS.
If ever there were an appropriate time to quote Cookie Monster, it would be after a visit to Levain. "Ommm nom nom nom nom," indeed! Honestly, I think my favorite muppet would have to sit down with a knife and fork to eat a cookie here. These things are intense, but I'll get to that in a bit. Levain is a quaint little spot, and it's that smallness which makes the scent of cookies hit you even harder when you walk in. There are pizzas and brioche too, but I wasn't here for that. I was here for cookies. I had no idea what to do when I got there, and before I knew it I was possessed by the scent and my lips began to move. "One of each," they uttered. At $4 a piece, I realized I was paying a hefty premium for cookies, but to be fair, these are hefty cookies! Approaching an inch thick in the middle, these cookies are more like scones--funny, because they actually sell scones! They have a good crust to them on the outside, and are doughy on the inside. As I typed earlier (and no doubt, left crumbs in my keyboard), I had one of each. There are 4 varieties to choose from: chocolate walnut, oatmeal raisin, double chocolate, and chocolate peanut butter. How are they? They're amazing...yes, all of them. As I said before, they're intense, so you need to pace yourself with these things. I'm pretty sure the first 10 ingredients are sugar and butter, and I sincerely doubt that you'll eat one in a single sitting. Please share. I'm absolutely amazed at how they get the crunchy outer texture and the soft insides to blend so well. It should please crunchy and soft-baked cookie lovers alike. I'm so, so so so glad I tried Levain.
Completely agree with Jillian K's review. The cookies are too blunt. Sugar, sugar and more sugar (ok, maybe some cocoa powder and butter). The cookies are great for two bites, but after five, they leave a harsh cloying feeling in my mouth. If I wanted that, I could have just downed a spoonful of Domino's pure cane straight from the cupboard.. The chocolate chip walnut is less sweet than the chocolate chocolate chip, but it does taste like uncooked cookie dough in the middle. The sugar is less intense if you eat it cold, a few hours after purchase, but it's still there. And this coming from someone who adores cupcakes!!
I don't think anyone else can make a chocolate chip cookie better than Levain's.  Just go, give them your money and enjoy.
Was visiting NYC over the weekend, and a friend took me to this bakery. She told me it was the best cookie she has ever had. Being a cookie connoisseur; I had to try it! The hour subway ride up and 3 train changes were worth it for these delectable, massive cookies. The cookies look like massive scones and no normal, healthy human should be able to eat one in a sitting. Of course, I accepted the challenge and ate an entire cookie :) Definitely bookmarking this place for a return visit. Check out Levain's for glutenous afternoon trip.
This place is awesome, the cookies are huge, the taste is wonderful and you won't be disappointed. i ordered one of each, my favorites are the oatmeal and dark chocolate chip--the dark peanut butter chip i would have liked the chips to be melted and the chocolate chip with walnut was not that spectacular, very good--but not great. Levain gets four stars because ultimately all the cookies were delicious, i just had my personal favorites but can still appreciate all of them :)
Great cookies, giant cookies. The chocolate chip cookie was good, but I don't like nuts in my cookies. The oatmeal raisin was really good, like a warm bowl of oatmeal with all the fixins.
everything here is delicious.  like melt in your mouth and fall over delicious. my faves:   chocolate chip cookie:  the thing weighs nearly a pound (ok, maybe that's an exaggeration...)  it's crispy on the outside and soft, even a little doughy on the inside.  i'm salivating just thiniking about it. chocolate brioche:  i'm not always in the mood for distractingly sweet, so then i turn to this brioche.  paired with a cup of coffee and it's heaven!
$4 for a giant cookie is a bit insane. It's good but I couldn't/didn't want to finish it by myself in one day.
I'm literally drooling just thinking about this place. The minute you open the door, you can already smell your wallet opening, and before you know it $4 is gone and heaven on earth is about to enter your mouth. Those subsequent moments can only be filled with purely indescribable joy. I really can't think of any words that will do these cookies justice. Just get on the nearest 1,2,3 train and try one for yourself. Actually, no, not just one. Try all of them. And several. You can thank me later.
ok im not the type of person that leaves review for something like cookies. but after reading fellow reviews i figured let me see for my self what all the fuss is about. WOW WHAT A COOKIE!! Fist sized and absolutely delicious. I have been coming to NYC for about 20 years. and this place is now on my always must  visit right after Katz Deli now. amazing cookies.
It's a big lump of cookie for $4. I got the dark chocolate peanut butter. Semi moist yet semi hard at the same time. It's a very small, place, maybe just room for two to sit and a couple of more seats outside, but they pretty much pack everything else with all those baked goods in the back. yelp.com/biz_photos/H4jJ… As soon as you walk in, the smell of those freshly baked cookies really gets to you. Definitely coming back.
Perfection again... Recommend oatmeal raisen too!
A friend of mine told me about this place , she raved saying that these cookies are so amazing that they will change your life. So while my mother in law was visiting we took a trip in to the city yesterday with our two children and decided to give it a try . My friend was right , the cookies were delicious! We ordered 3 chocolate chip walnut, two chocolate chocolate chip and one chocolate peanut butter. I cannot gush enough about how good they were . However I felt that the bakery was a bit small with very little space to sit and enjoy our cookies . I also was a little disappointed on the lack of variety in cookie flavors.. I would have liked to have seen maybe some sugar cookies. snicker doodle or even mint chocolate chip...another thing that was a bit frustrating was the fact that I felt rushed, when I got to the counter. I was trying to decide and I could tell the girl behind the counter was getting annoyed at my indecision.. I'm sorry but my kids aren't fans of walnuts in their cookies so I was trying to decide what to get them. So that rubbed me the wrong way almost immediately especially because the line was not very long .  Would I go out of my way to go back? Probably not. Overall the cookies get 5 stars... Environment and staff I'm gonna have to give 2 stars.
I cannot BELIEVE I have lived on the UWS for almost 4 years now and I am just now hearing about Levain Bakery. I had read a friends blog about her visit there a couple weeks ago, and then as others here on Yelp had done as well, recently watched an episode of The Best Thing I Ever Ate on FoodNetwork, the theme of the episode being "Chocolate." Rocco Dispirito had praised Levain for having the best chocolate chip cookie he as EVER had. And this isn't just a regular chocolate chip cookie. This was a Double Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie. And man was it amazing. Hot out of the oven, this massive, crumbly, moist and chocolately goodness cookie, blew me away. I now fear that I will be stopping by this place a lot more often, which would obviously go against my attempt to stay healthy... But you have to try one. I will definitely be back someday soon to try another of their cookie varieties, and maybe some coffee next time! Good stuff.
I once HATED walnuts in my cookies...I still hate walnuts, but this is my exception to the rule for me. I love Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookie with all my heart and will be coming back for more!
A Levain cookie has no equal. Resembling at once a cookie, muffin, scone, and hockey puck, Levain's roughly uniform cookies are pure indulgence. Each variety is loaded with so much butter and richness (as evidenced by the oil residue left on your hands or napkin) that it is hard to finish a cookie in one setting without feeling rather ill. Even so, Levain's delicious and unique cookies will expand your definition of "cookie" and leave you with a craving for more. My favorite is the oven-fresh chocolate chip.
Feels like a little bit too much like I'm eating a biscuit or scone rather than a cookie, so can't say that it was the bakery for me.
I'd forgotten how good their cookies are...yum!
We went out of our way to come here and get a cookie.  Don't come out of your way to come here and get a cookie.  Are they good cookies?  Yes, most definitely.  I feel this is more of a local spot, like when you're in the neighborhood you come get cookies here. The staff was nice, the cookies were good, there was no line (though this is the first time I have ever descended a narrow, steep staircase to enter a cookie shop...and it was being cleaned as we entered so double the caution).  Price was...high for a cookie?  I don't know, I can't do more than three stars.  Sorry guys. Actually I'm not really sorry.  This review probably won't even register as a blip on their radar, and being three stars will be mostly ignored by anyone browsing.  I could really say anything here and no one would know.  Roast beef.
dark chocolate peanut butter cookies omfg $4.50 and worth every cent cause their as heavy as a brick. the oatmeal and chocolate chip walnut is amazing as well....  just get cookies idk anything else huge line but it goes quick.
Levain gives you a typical batch of cookies in the form of one cookie. My husband and I, like the responsible adults that we are, decided to only have a cookie for our entire lunch meal. We ordered a Chocolate Chocolate Chip and a Chocolate Chip with Walnuts. Golden crispy on the outside and soft without being overly sweet on the inside (with about a 50/50 ratio of cookie to chocolate),  I have never been so happy to be nutritionally irresponsible. Both flavors were absolutely outstanding.We also ordered a raisin scone to- go for later and I can say that I liked it every bit as much as much as the cookie. Warning to all: if you eat a chocolate cookie make sure you have access to a mirror because you are guaranteed to have melted chocolate stuck somewhere on your face!
I don't know what everyone is thinking, but these cookies are definitely NOT the best I've ever had.  I tasted all of their different cookies ($4 a piece!!) and didn't really like them.   They were crunchy on the outside and gooey on the inside, but seriously all I tasted was butter.  The cookie was too big and too greasy (my fingers were so oily from touching them for a second).  I'd have to pass on these and go to the mall for some awesome Mrs. Field's slightly undercooked semi-sweet chocolate chip cookies.
This cute little bakery located in the upper west side was incredible.  We stopped in after a recommendation of a few friends.  We cannot thank them enough; Levain takes the cookie to the next level.  No extravagant recipes, simple ideas with taste beyond anything I've ever had in a cookie.  Cookies the size of my fist, I could just eat here forever and be happy.  If you are in the NYC area, make your way here, you will not regret.  Cheers
Just like everyone else has said, it is the BEST cookie I've ever tasted. $4 is pretty steep, but it's not like I'm traveling to NYC very often, so it was worth it.  I tried the Choc. Chip Walnut, Double Chocolate, and Oatmeal Raisin.  All were amazing. I wish they'd make a Choc. Chip cookie WITHOUT nuts, though... Oh, and i LOVE that they are underdone.  It's like eating a cookie and cookie dough all at the same time. :)
3 words.... half pound cookies.  Also featured on food network.  Some steep stairs and a small shop but great food and desserts.
i am writing this review from Texas.  The dark chocolate peanut butter chip and chocolate chip with walnut cookies are so good that a friend brought them back from new york city! They were buttery, slight crunch on the outside, ooey gooey soft on the inside and CHOCK full of peanut butter and chocolate chips.  Try having "just a bite"...you can't. Amazing!  I can't even imagine how they taste fresh!
The best scone EVER!!! Simply delicious... fluffy, airy, right amount of sweetness and is less dry than the average scone. The pizza is also very good (excellent dough), the cinnamon roll is divine (unbelievably light, not too sweet and not excessively strong on the cinnamon) and the chocolate cookie is amazing (I like walnuts, but I understand the people that complain about the them... I definitely think they should have a basic chocolate cookie).
U simply can't go wrong with any of the cookie choices. They all taste sooooo yummy. For $4 it better be. Lol. I find, myself nimbling at the cookie each day.  Writing this review, makes me want one now.   Service is fast at this location. This location is tiny so be ready to wait a little.  Cant wait to visit the harlem, location
Double Chocolate Chip! That's the way to go. Actually, the way to go is whatever just came out. You won't be sorry for ordering anything that's super fresh, the taste is incomparable. Best...Cookies...Ever...
Update: Went back to give them a second chance. Cookie was still delicious but still completely and entirely raw in the center. At least they're consistent....
Cost to ship 4 Levain cookies out to California: $61.48. Yikes. Instead, my boyfriend and I paid just a little over 3x that amount to fly out to NYC to pick them up ourselves AND get a vacation out of that. Oh boy can money management be delicious. You win this time, Levain - you lured me back east with your siren song, but my pocketbook begs that you open a shop out on the west coast!
We bought 1 chocolate chip walnut cookie and 1 dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. THEY WERE AMAZING! Truly, out of this world. The cookies really are about 2 inches thick and 5 inches around. They are very rich and had the perfect texture. We started eating one and then had to go back for a glass of milk. A message to first-timers: Don't let all the hype get to you. Just go expecting a pretty good cookie and it will knock you socks off.
Interesting thick rich cookies, doughy on the inside, crispy on the inside. Expensive, unique - good as a gift tied to nyc story!
If I could eat one food for the rest of my life it would definitely be chocolate chip cookies. I decided today was the day I would finally venture to Levains. Pleased that there was no line, it was around 5:30pm. I got the chocolate chip walnut - the texture and consistancy were perfect!!!  Crisp on the outside and warm and gooey in the middle. My only complaint is that they should make a cookie without nuts. I'm a purist. (and mildly allergic to walnuts, but that's beside the point). Nuts don't belong in cookies!  I also don't like peanut butter or raisins and the double chocolate looks too chocolaty, but I'll give it a go next time. So close to Heaven on Earth - but not quite there for me yet.  Also, do they sell milk?
itz my all time fav. bakery shop. I live in upper east, bt i always travel all the way to the upper west for their cookies. The cookies are big and tasty. Grl like me, can only eat half of them for one time. Bt they are def. v. delicious. if u r chocolate mania, do try their chocolate cookies which is so rich and creamy.
Levain Bakery was smaller than I thought it was gonna be. The girl who served me was real nice though. She spent a little bit of time serving this mother-daughter combo who went before me because it seemed like the mother couldn't decide on what she wanted to get. It gave me time to survey my options, though. I stuck with the cookies they were so famous for. Got the Dark Chocolate Chip, but the Oatmeal Raisin cookie intrigues me. I've always been a sucker for oatmeal raisin cookies. The friendly girl who took my order reminded me of Whitney, one of Sam's friends from college. I knew she reminded me of someone, though I couldn't think of who at that time. I told her that the place was smaller than I thought it would be (it's really tiny, so much so that I almost missed it when I was walking, and it's not at eye level from the street) and she told me that they would be building and opening a second location in Harlem at 117th St. (near Columbia, it seems) that's five times bigger than its Upper West Side location. Good to know and note for a later visit. I almost tripped and fell as I missed that first step outside 74th St. With my bad right knee, missteps like that are deadly. I left the place, pausing to regroup a bit on the bench right outside the bakery to take a picture. The place has the profound ability to draw passers-by with its delicious smell. I would've dove into the hot batch of cookies right there but I wanted to save it for when I got back to the apartment. So far, I've only eaten the Dark Chocolate Chip cookie. It's not really a cookie in the traditional sense, but seemed like an oversized muffin top. I could taste the butter in the cookie, which is amazing because that flavor usually doesn't dominate over chocolate.
This place is a hidden gem of a bakery that makes the most delicious, scrumptious chocolate chip walnut cookies I have ever had! The first time a friend took me there, she warned that one cookie would be too much, and perhaps we should split one just in case I didn't like it. After we left, I wanted to go back to get a whole cookie just for myself. This is a serious cookie that is still very warm when you get it but tastes just as good even if you don't eat it immediately, though why would you wait?!
Best cookies hands down.   All of them are worth trying.  Even if you don't like oatmeal, get this cookie.
I'll keep this short and sweet - this is hands down the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had. Gooey, huge, delicious perfection.
Oh God, LeVain....it is soooo LeGood.... It's fortunate/terrible that I work a mere block from this place. Best God Damned Oatmeal Raisin cookie I have ever had in my 25 years of life. I can't even look other cookies in the face anymore. Chips Ahoy and I have lost touch. Mrs. Fields sees that distant look in my eyes. I can no longer even think of cookies without hearing that gentle prodding in my ear whispering, "LeVain....."  With that said, cookies be pricey. It's $4 a pop, but you don't just get a cookie, you get a palm-sized monster of a cookie. At first you might think, "I can't eat all this...", the second that it touches your lips you'll be wondering how you ate that thing in 2 minutes flat (or maybe it's just me...). The crisp outer layer and soft, moist inner is what sets these cookies apart. It's almost like a scone actually...  To be honest, I can't really speak much for the other cookies because I can't bring myself to -not- get oatmeal. Yet at the same time, I can't justify getting two cookies. I have had the double chocolate chip though, and while it is also damn good, it's pretty much like a brownie. Which I like but the chocolate could be a bit overwhelming.  It's hard to say when you'll see a line, so if you happen pass by when there isn't one and you're not sure if you should go for it, JUST GO!! Because a line could materialize out of nowhere at any second.  I usually like my cookies with milk as well but I prefer getting a small carton from Associated (the supermarket a block away on Columbus) than here. It's a few cents cheaper and God knows I need to accumulate those cents for more cookies.
I know quite a few people have said it and will say it again, but Levain sells a damn fine cookie.  Actually, no, there's nothing fine about it.  Fine would be a delicate tea cookie.  Brittle.   Levain's choco-walnut cookies are bulky.  Rich, dense, meaty, soft, and gooey.  A little crispy on the edges. Here, if this helps, the lemon tea cookie I referred to is like Chopin.  Elegant, fragile, bright, lively.  The Levain chocolate walnut cookie is Pavarotti.  Elegant, weighty, passionate. They do sell other baked goods.  They looked fantastic, in fact.  But, I just couldn't get past Pavarotti.
Probably would have given it five stars two years ago when I didn't hate my life. Or maybe it is because in that time, I copped a turquoise food processor and baked a million cookies from scratch ingredients. (That phase of my life lasted about 2 months). It's a nice cookie. A nice, homemade cookie. I think they undercook that hoe so it's soft in the middle. I felt it was a little raw. Chocolate chip walnut. Safe to consumer a little medium rare. What's there to say, it's a cookie, not worth going way out of your way for. Got suckered into a $25 shirt for her. Oh well. I'm on their smug mug making all kinds of stupid faces to compensate. I lose again. Not sure if it is worth it but they are a friendly bunch with good cookies.
The best cookies I've ever had (besides my wife's). Don't miss this hidden gem in the UWS.
You have seen it in Time Out NY and no doubt from multiple Food Network chefs, but nothing can really prepare your for Levain Bakery's Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie.  My first thought before walking in on my first trip was shall I get one cookie to share with my girlfriend or each get our own.  Upon seeing the size of the cookie, the answer was simple: get one and split it...it was huge!  My second worry was whether or not the cookie would be soft and warm like it should be or since with was mid-afternoon, be cold and hard from sitting on a counter all day.  But have no fear; the cookies are constantly coming right off the tray - fresh from the oven, hot, gooey and moist. This is no exaggeration when I say that this is the best chocolate anything I've ever had!  It was like a brownie and a cookie had a baby, except that baby was significantly bigger and chocolaty-er than either parent.  The only tricky part is that it was so moist from all the melted chocolate that I was forced to attack it using a spoon rather than just picking it up and biting it, but that is hardly a problem when you actually try this thing.   The biggest problem in regards to this cookie is that now I'll be forced to trek across Central Park whenever my girlfriend is in desperate need of this chocolate fix.   But next time, I'll surely get more than one!!!
Delicious cookies. My friend and I walked for hours to make it to this teeny bakery and it was well worth it! We tried both the double chocolate peanut butter cookie and the chocolate chip cookie and they are equally yummy. They're served warm from the oven and the chocolate melts in your mouth. I think they have some other bakery items as well - bread, scones, etc - but everyone was there for the cookies. It was crowded but service was quick and everyone was really friendly. If I lived in New York I'm sure I'd be at Levain at least once a week.
One of my previous jobs had been located on the Upper West Side, and I had considered myself fairly knowledgeable about the area after spending my days there.  Then, one afternoon, I saw the Levain Bakery on the Food Network (possibly on "Throwdown with Bobby Flay"?) and was shocked to discover that it was located only several blocks from my previous office.  Unfortunately, I learned of this fact after my company moved down to SoHo, and I rarely trekked up to the 70's anymore.  A few months ago and several years since my daily UWS lifestyle, I finally made it to the Levain Bakery to sample their famed cookies. My brother and I had just completed a charitable walk in Central Park and decided to reward ourselves with a treat.  We located the tiny bakery and stepped inside to join the line of the other patrons looking to satisfy their sweet tooth.  We looked behind the display case, and our eyes bugged out at the sight of the cookies, which were the size of saucers.  Though there were only a handful of options to choose from, we decided to stick to a traditional Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie.  We begrudgingly handed over the exuberant $4 for our treat and grabbed a space at the counter along the window.  I unwrapped the pastry and noticed the gooey chocolate that had stained the wax paper surrounding it.  The snack was warm and straight from the oven.  The cookie had the perfect exterior crunch, but maintained a tender, moist center.  The crunchy walnuts added texture to contrast the melting chocolate chips.  The rich flavor of the chocolate added a decadence to the doughy flavor of the pastry.  Each bite was truly a euphoric experience. The Levain Bakery has maintained its status and positive reputation for all of these years due to their fresh ingredients and bold flavors.  They have taken classic treats and elevated them to truly gourmet levels, making it worth the uptown journey.
The day before I discovered Levain, I was a slim 160 pounds.  I now weigh 385 pounds and it's only been 3 weeks.   The dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie's are indeed the best cookies on the planet.
Hands down, the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had.
Totally lives up to the hype.  Seriously the BEST cookie I've ever eaten in my whole life.  Tried the chocolate chip walnut -- literally a giant brick of crispy outside and dense chewy ooey gooey inside.  One is enough to share with someone.  You must eat them there, fresh out of the oven to get the full experience! At $4 per, it's a little pricey but considering how huge they are, it's not bad at all for one of the best things you will eat in your ENTIRE LIFE.  Seriously, as good as it gets. Place is tiny, below-ground level with a line out the door, but it moves fast.  Service is no nonsense and quick.
Chocolate chip walnut. Whoooooa buddy this is a fantastic cookie. $4 is well worth it; friggin' delicious. Also they serve it to you warm so it's really tasty and gooey. I'll be back.
OMG!!! The JUMBO COOKIES!!! Best cookies I have ever had.. (oh.. besides Joanne Chang's chocolate chip cookies recipe from the flour bakery book) Craving for some dessert after dinner... since the cookies are huge.. I decided to share with a friend.. Heard that the chocolate chip walnut is a must try.. but both of us love dark chocolate.. so we ordered dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie... First Bite: HEAVEN!!! Second Bite: OMG!!! I want more!! Third Bite: This is the best cookie ever!!!! My friend and I just keep eating... I took off a star.. just because it contains too much chocolate.. It's too big to enjoy and you know you can't have something that you like too much if not you will feel sick.. Both of us were bloated with the chocolate.. until I felt kinda sick.. I can't imagine myself finishing the whole piece of cookie... maybe it's just me.. but trust me!!!! They really have great cookies...!!!!! If only they make it smaller and price it a little cheaper... :)
Believe the hype. These cookies are unbelievable and well worth it. Fresh from the oven, warm, gooey, softball sized, crispy-and-moist, and super delicious. The chocolate chip walnut is their signature and I see why. Couldn't believe how good it was. The chocolate chocolate chip was also just as good. The food is a 5 star classic without a doubt. However, this place isn't without it's flaws. It's literally a basement, which to some people is a plus, but to me, this was a neutral factor. What did it for me was no seating area at all, and no place to eat it outside. With a gigantic cookie like this, it's not something to eat on the go. This is the type of meal that requires indulgence; sitting down and savoring every bite. Instead, I was handed it in a plastic bag with some napkins, had to exit, and find a place around there to sit (ended up on someone's front porch eating it). I understand that this is a small venue, but I could have at least got a plate. Also, no credit cards = inexcusable in 2009. Seriously, nowadays people don't carry a lot of cash around with them and are mostly on the go. I don't want to exit the line, find an ATM, and then wait again because I couldn't just swipe my card and sign a slip. This might seem petty, but it's something that annoyed me. Other than these personal things, bring your cash to Levain Bakery if you want the best cookie in NYC.
Levain is hugely overrated, people.  Their cookies offer nothing in the way of texture.  I guess New Yorkers are into character-less, leaden blocks of butter.  Blech!  Head to Jacques Torres for truly to-die-for double chocolate cookies!
Oh. MY. GOD. I rarely write reviews.. but when I find something I love.. I will freak out. And this moment has come. I am a cookie fanatic and connoisseur. And these are the absolute best in NYC that I've yet to find. I have been two times in the past 2 weeks... and those were special trips just for the bakery haha. That was the best 4 dollars I think I've ever spent, and totally worth it. I've tried the chocolate chocolate and peanut butter chocolate cookie... warm, gooey rich .. amazingness. so you should GO..!! RIGHT NOW!
I tried this place based on reviews on here and it definitely lived up to the hype. I had the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, and my boyfriend had the oatmeal raisin. He finished his immediately, but the cookie was so huge I could only eat a little more than half (we had just eaten lunch). I saved it for the next day, microwaved it a little, and OMG. Seriously an amazing cookie. I only took off one star because the cookies are $4, so they're a little expensive even though they're pretty big. I also wish there was more seating/room in the bakery but I honestly don't care that much. I typically eat my cookie outside in Central Park or something if there's no seating.
Wow, these cookies are orgasmically good.  After trekking 15 blocks in the snow, we decided to check out this little bakery shop since there was a line out the door.  We tried the chocolate walnut and oatmeal raisin.  The outside was slightly crispy and inside was filled with warm and gooey deliciousness.  YUM.  We were very disciplined to have not gotten any to take home...
Just got 4 cookies sent to me at work as a "Thank You" from a vendor.  Let me tell you that EVERYONE agreed they were some of the best cookies we've ever tasted!  We had chocolate chip, oatmeal and double chocolate chip.  The double chocolate is to die for!  All of us have varying tastes and rarely agree when treats are brought into the office.  But these are hands down some of the best cookies we've had in a really really long time.  Order them online as gifts via itsallaboutthecookie.com
Seriously, their cookies are the best tasting thing I have ever put in my mouth.
A little bird told me this place is amazing, so on a cold Sunday morning, we traveled from Tribeca to UWS, got there 5min after 9am, and there was a line. We waited for 20min, finally got 2 of each kind of the cookies (there were 4 different types on that day). There's really no place to sit, so we stood outside, had a bite of the walnut chocolate chip. BEST cookie ever. We got home, I tried all four. Guess what, the raisin cookie was the BEST cookie ever ever. I want to move to UWS just for this place.
Best cookies I have ever had. -Dark Chocolate Chip -Dark Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter - Chocolate Chip Walnut   Just phenomenal, all you need to know. Go go go!
You know where the Cookie Monster would live if he wasn't on Sesame Street? He would totally move his blue furry butt over to W. 74th St. across from this bakery! I was updating my New York Noms list and was shocked to see I didn't review this place yet. CHOCOLATE CHIP WALNUT COOKIE: This is the biggest cookie I have ever eaten. Seriously it's bigger than the palm of my hand. And it is the most deliciously decadent cookie I have put in my mouth. Huge chunks of dark chocolate chips are laced throughout the cookie...and they slightly melt all over your fingers when the cookie are fresh out of the oven. This is not a neat cookie to eat, but who cares about neatness when there's chocolate-y goodness to be consumed? I am not above licking my fingers clean. The walnuts give a nice crunch and deep flavor to the cookie. My friend gave me a cannoli beforehand so I could barely make a dent in my cookie (only 1/3 of it). The rest served as a snack for later and part of my breakfast the next day. LOCATION: You literally have to walk through a door and down a flight of stairs before you enter the store, so it's not exactly ADA friendly--you're going to want to have a friend get cookies for you or have staff assist you at the door. If you stand by the door you can already get a waft of the sweet baking cookies floating out the door. There is a handy little bench outside if you are waiting for friends--but it's a small place so you can't fit a large group of people inside. I say buy a few cookies and munch on them in Central Park! PRICE: $4 for a cookie the size of your hand? Totally worth it. I mean you probably spend that much for a latte or pastry at Starbucks, which totally pales in comparison to the cookies here. EXTRAS: On the counter across from the cashier there's a basket full of free postcards about the bakery. You can send a picture of delicious cookies to your friends and make them jealous (postage not included of course). I collect postcards so this was a pleasant addition to my collection of souvenirs from NY! I wish I can somehow order these babies online and have them ship it to me on the West Coast! *drool*
Everyone knows -- the cookies at Levain Bakery are AWESOME -- the chocolate chip walnut cookie is HUGE and DENSE and DELICIOUS ($4 for 6 oz of thick, moist, chewy goodness -- I looked it up on the website afterwards, this is literally a massive cookie). But I really want to wave a flag for the raspberry bomoboloncini... HOLY COW THIS IS AMAZING ... so soft, biting into one is like biting into a doughy, edible pillow... flaky and delicate, surprisingly not too sweet... i didn't know what a bomboloncini was before getting (and eating) one at Levain but the name was cute and it looked yummy - basically, it's a baked jelly donut that is covered with powdered sugar... the only thing I can think of that could possibly enhance Levain's bomboloncini is using seeded jam instead of totally smooth jelly... but upon further thought, while that might add some more texture to some of the thicker globs of jelly (which isn't completely necessary since the pastry around it is sooooooo delicious and flaky already) it might mean that you'd get annoying seeds stuck in your teeth, so scratch that. Moral of the story: the bomboloncinis at Levain are TO DIE FOR -- don't just go for the cookies!
BEST oatmeal raisin cookie. Doughy and gooey inside and crispy on outside. I love baking and trying different bakeries in the city, and no other cookie compares to the quality and deliciousness of Levain's. The oatmeal raisin cookie is actually worth waiting in a long line to try.
Once you walk in this bakery, you really want to eat up everything. The cookies here are realllly yummy anddddd freaking huge! They are more like a scone than a cookie. I ordered 3 cookies, 2 chocolate chip walnut and 1 oatmeal raisin. Both flavors were good. The cookie is very rich and creamy in taste, it's probably due to a lot of butter. I wasn't able to finish my cookie, but my friend said if you heat it up,  it would still be as good as when you bought it. Once you walk in this bakery, you really want to eat up everything. The place is very small and I think it's so cute how there is a sign that says "please do not sit on our neighbor's stoop" hahaha! It reminds me so much of "hey arnold" from nickelodeon.
This is my favorite place in the city!  You really can't get a better cookie anywhere else and honestly, having one of their cookies makes your realize how overrated the cupcake craze is.  Not to mention they have all sorts of other creative concoctions such as their sour dough chocolate filled rolls- yes, they may sound really odd but they are incredibly yummy.  Only down side to this place is that one cookie probably has a billion calories considering how large and buttery they are but its well worth the sacrifice when you're in the mood for something sweet and don't want to skimp on taste or quality.
Giant delicious cookies great for sharing. I hear they also have assorted pastries.....but who's paying attention. I make a beeline for a chocolate chip and large coffee everytime. A must try if you are on the UWS.
omg , what can i say? these cookies are worth the price ($4)..they are about an inch thick and have the circumfrence of an average mug. the bf and i had the chocolate chip and the double chocolate chip- both were amazing!- warm, filled with a good amount of chips- i love that they are not smooth but kinda rocky looking, in shape. The double choc, kinda tasted almost like a brownie of how chewy it was. i cant wait to go back and order a whole box so that i could share it with the fam! btw, when you go, you gotta look down to find it, we almost missed it cuz its super hidden.- yuuuum  i wish they delivered cross country!!
Levain Bakery has the best cookies I have ever tasted, they beat Mrs. Fields by a long shot.   The double chocolate tates best, warmed up in the microwave for 8 seconds!
Yet another place I would say just go and don't ask a lot of questions. It's worth it in every where possible. I see some people mentioning the price, you won't eat more than 1 so the pricing is within reason. The location is in the basement of a building and it's single file in and out. Have your money ready and it would be a good idea to view the menu prior to lining up. I enjoy both the oatmeal and chocolate peanut butter but I have faith in everything being up to the same level. Protip: Once you get your cookie head over to central park and eat it along the way. This helps justify the calories you are about to consume. It's hard not to finish once you bite into one
My first 5stars given here, do I have to say more?... best chocolate chip walnut cookies in the world! (There) When I pass through NYC on my way home I get off the plane grab two of these baby's and coffee, walk to Central Park, I sit and enjoy. ;)
I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie. It was really good. HUGE. really sweet, almost to rich.....you need milk, and eating the whole cookie is asking for diabetes . It almost had a scone consistency. I'd say it was pretty good, better than average, hence the 4 stars, but lacking something that would have made it 5 stars. When I bit in to it, I wasn't like WTF?!&#!@ just happened in my mouth, like I was expecting.... but I was happy enough.  I'll come back to try other flavors , in hopes that they deliver the crazy taste experience others have described.
Best.cookies.ever. Never had a cookie here I didn't like. The best is definitely chocolate chip walnut, but really, they're all great. I come here almost every week. Sometimes more :)
I was told that while in NY I had to try this cookie and I am glad I did.  One of the best cookies I have ever had.  It was soft and gooey on the inside and the outside was the perfect crisp.  I had the chocolate dip walnut cookie.  When I go back to NY I'll be stopping by for a different cookie.
Levaine Bakery has the best cookies on Manhattan's Upper West Side. They bake superb six-ounce chocolate and chocolate chip cookies that melted in our mouth; they were crispy outside and soft inside. This is a neighborhood bakery, making everything on the premises daily. We found the recommendation in the New York Times and we were so glad we went to 74th Street and watch them make the cookies. You have to wait a long line but it is absolutely worth it. The shop is a working bakery with no seating area, but who needs it when you can eat while walking in Manhattan. They do mail orders too. Keep up the great job!
I know they serve other things, but it's all about the cookie. If you don't like these cookies, you really are not a cookie person. They are huge and delicious. Fresh out of the oven, warm and melty they are remarkably good - you will need a tall glass of milk to make the experience perfect, but perfect it will be. From the Oatmeal Raisin to the Chocolate Chip Walnut, the Double Chocolate to the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter,  these are unbelievable cookies. They should, however, come with a warning label, because if you eat one by yourself, you will probably be useless the rest of the day.
the chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips is my favorite .. crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside with melting peanut butter chips ... i would prefer my cookies not to be as thick (one cookie at Levain's is equivalent to 4 cookies elsewhere), but they are delicious nevertheless! too bad they don't sell milk here!!
Splitting a cookie with one of your best friends after hitting up a delish pizza shop? Amazing.  Add some milk and make it even MORE amazing.  These cookies are NO JOKE!!!! Totally a rare treat, and totally worth every freaking penny.  This bakery is going on the "parents come to NYC for the third time" tour guide list, STAT!
I walked through the pouring, cold, summer rain to try Levain cookies after having recently watched the Bobby Flay Throwdown episode.  The cookies were worth the trek, they are dee-licious!!  I will admit that I found the raw middle a little disconcerting at first, considering the egg recall going on right now.  Enjoyed my chocolate chip walnut cookie with a cup o' hot tea. Would like to try the cookie warm as well, it's probably really good that way. I thought I read they had cinnamon buns, but I was told these are only available on the weekend.  Ah well, another excuse to make a trip back to the bakery when I'm in NYC again.
Holy mother of God these cookies! I'd read an article based on their chocolate walnut cookie and immediately had to try it, and let me tell you, it lived up to its reputation. First off these cookies are gigantic! I ordered both the chocolate walnut and dark chocolate peanut butter. Both of them were incredible. They have a crispy outside that makes you think they'll be a bit crunchy, but the minute you break into it, it's another story. They're gooey, and soft and worth every minute of the post sugar coma you'll find yourself in. While the prices may seem a little steep at $4.00 a cookie, trust me it's worth every penny. The staff was incredibly friendly, and helpful. The place is a bit small, not really suitable to sit and eat your cookie and drink coffee, but still a lovely little bakery.
Holy cow.  1800+ reviews. So I asked the guy at the counter what I should order.  He recommended the cookies, because that's what they are known for.  I got two cookies ($4 each): the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. $8 is a lot for two cookies, but not really, considering how big these cookies were and how heavy they were.  It's a perfectly fine value. Anyway, the cookies had very good flavor, but it was honestly difficult having more than one or two bites.  They just felt really dense and were too sweet for my liking.  The chocolate chip walnut, for example, should use a darker chocolate.  I preferred the dark chocolate peanut butter chip.  Either way, I'd suggest getting one cookie for every two people.  Two for two is too much.  Also, these cookies are definitely begging for a pairing with milk. The staff is very friendly too, which is nice.  The place is absolutely tiny inside, not an issue, but just don't plan on eating your cookies there.
I give 7 stars for the chocolate chip walnut cookies, which may be the best cookies in America. 4 1/2 stars for the chocolate chocolate cookies and normal for everything else. Seriously, just don't bother with the chocolate peanut butter cookies, the oatmeal cookies (and I usually LOVE oatmeal cookies), the pizzas and breads. They're fine. But you'll regret not having instead, purchased twice as many chocolate chip walnut cookies. Seriously.   Not the others as much. Don't be fooled. Chocolate chip walnut. That's where it's at. The rest of the menu is for suckers.
ASK A DRUNK FRIEND (WHO LIVES ON THE SAME STREET OF LEVAIN) AND YOU SHALL RECEIVE!!! I've been once a few years ago. This is what I remember: Gooey, straight out of the oven, chocolate all over your fingers and face ACTION. My friend treated us today by bringing in the most popular Chocolate Chip Walnut and a few Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookies. Talk about becoming a Cookie Monster!!!
Wow - that chocolate chip walnut cookie is a force to be reckoned with! No wonder it's part of #yelpsbucketlist.
I'd been meaning to come here for a while, and it certainly didn't disappoint. The dark chocolate, chocolate chip cookie was huge, crispy, and chewy, all at the same time. It was sweet, but not too sweet. Simply delicious. $4 is crazy for a cookie, but this really isn't an ordinary cookie. It's huge and scrumptious and probably has about an egg and a half a stick of butter in each one. I'll definitely come back here and happily devour a massive cookie again, in about a month.
May just be the BEST cookie I have ever had in my life.  The cookie was so amazing, so perfect.  Eating it was like having a religious epiphany; it was as if I had been searching for it all my life and had finally found myself fulfilled.  My boyfriend and I each ate half of a chocolate chocolate.  It was FAT (like a bunch of cookies piled on top of one another), perfectly warm, loaded with chocolate chips, and soft and gooey without being greasy. The place itself is just a little hole in the wall.  I only knew about it from reading awesome reviews.  Thank goodness I don't live nearby or I would always be here spending way too much money!
A good cookie. But not the best cookie I have ever had. I got the chocolate chip, and it was more like a pile of half cooked dough a gooey interior. It was a generous cookie, but wasn't my cup of tea in contrary to popular belief. I totally recommend trying this place though because everyone likes their cookie a different way.
Yesterday me and my family went to the bakery all the way from the BRONX. We almost didn't find it but on our way back up the block we saw it hidden! It was really crowded but we were in and out within five minutes. I was a little hesitant that they would not live up to my expectations but within that first bite all my doubts were cured. Everyone just stood outside of the bakery eating their cookie in silence, thats how good they were we  didn't even speak, and we are not the silent type! They were so delicious that within two hours we went back for more! It was a bit embarrassing that the lady at the counter recognized us and called us out, but we had a good laugh anyway. We will definitely be returning for many more cookies and we are also excited to try their sticky buns!
We were in the city last spring and went there because we heard they were good.  WoW! Loved them!  My kids love them, and so do I.
I feel like a snob. I'm not even a New Yorker. But in the years I've visited the city, I managed to discover Levain well before fame and television appearances further bolstered their foothold on New Amsterdam. Good for them. I want them to be a success. The downside is that now, one must wait in a lengthy line down 74th St. Levain is super tiny inside, so this happens, but man, the place has totally jumped the shark. One can even overhear others leaving the 72nd St. subway stop as they walk up New Amsterdam, muttering about the cookies they intend to buy. Seriously, the place is a magnet. That said, it deserves the accolades. The cookies, while seemingly expensive at $4 a pop, are absolutely delicious. Plus, they are huge and weigh as much as a softball. These are cookies for the noble of heart.
Indulge in the chocolate chip walnut or the dark chocolate peanut butter.  You'll get a whole lot of love in these hand-sized cookies.
I tend to get apprehensive when I hear so much hype about a place before I get a chance to go there. I fully expected to be disappointed with Levain's raved about cookies, but I wasn't in the slightest. They are awesome! The Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip was the best of the bunch - soo chocolatey and gooey - but the Chocolate Chip Walnut and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip were excellent as well. They use high quality chocolate - and lots of it! I don't understand how it's possible that their cookies are so thick and cooked completely through without being dry. They are totally worth $3.75 a piece since one cookie is the size of three at a normal bakery. They're also worth the trek from Hoboken. I bought a few and they were still good and moist days later.
Another gift...another insanely delicious taste sensation. Wow, these cookies really live up to the hype!  Even I, a well known over eater, could not help being full after half a cookie (not that that stopped me from continuing to eat!)   Both the chocolate chip cookie and double chocolate cookie I was given were moist, flavorful and indescribably delicious! You can taste both the richness and freshness in every bite! Only because I know there are people who like a lighter cookie that does not get all over you did I not give Levain a 5... but to me, cookies can't get much better!
thiese are by far the best cookies ive ever had. the dark chocolate peanut butter chip and chocolate chip walnut are so good. they are thick, sweet, soft but with a bite, and have a slight golden crunch. they are perfect. i went to jacque torres right after and i have to say levain has definitely the better cookies. the store itself is tiny and downstairs from the street with a tiny sign and bench out front but it's there.
As I sit in bed swilling some milk, I know this is as good as it gets! These cookies are the stuff my dreams are made of and my, oh my! These cookies are delicious and huge! It's the equivalent of four regulars cookies! I think in going to start bartering with thier cookies. Not pricey for Manhattan but as a Brooklynite I have had cheaper cookies. They usually taste cheaper too. So this is the way to go!!!
1 word: AMAZING. Another: BUTTER. 3 more: WELL WORTH IT!
Best cookies I've ever had!  They look sort of like round scones, and they're nice & crispy on the outside but very soft, chewy, and delicious on the inside.  These cookies melt in your mouth like no other!  I thought a $4 cookie sounded too expensive at first, but it's definitely one that you can share or eat in multiple sittings.  I bought a box of 4 as a gift in each of the flavors they offer, and they wrap it for you w/ a ribbon & everything! :)
If you love chocolate and cookies, you MUST get the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie. You must buy more than 1 because once you eat it, you'll have a stomach ache, but then you'll realize that there's none left for the next day. Whenever I'm on the West Side, I make it a point to stop by here. It is the most fantastic chocolate cookie I've ever had-it's like a molten chocolate cake with the most fantastic ingredients. The chocolate peanut butter chip cookie was good, but I'd marry the regular chocolate one if I could.
perfect place to make your boyfriend wait while you get waxed upstairs at maxwax - though he better be waiting with a pound of cookies in hand...
What is not to love about Levain Bakery???!?! Seriously though, I don't know why anybody would give less than 5 stars. For $4 (pretty reasonable price for the size of this cookie), you get a MONSTER, gooey, delicious cookie. In pictures it looks more like a scone/muffin. Even though the cookies are thick, it wasn't unbearable dense or dry or anything bad. The inside was warm, gooey, and downright delicious. In addition to Momofuku's corn cookie, this is probably my favorite cookie in the city. I would recommend only eating half a cookie at a time, because eating the whole thing felt like a meal in itself. Plus, it made me feel a tad guilty.  If you like thin and crisp cookies, look elsewhere. My favorite has to be the double chocolate with peanut butter chip. I'm looking forward to when I can get another one! Note that the bakery is tiny, has probably 5 stools for cramped seating. When I went on a Sunday afternoon, there was a line out of the door. Since most people take their cookies to go, and the staff are super efficient, the line went pretty fast. Would I go back? YES.
If they somehow figured a way to make these cookies contain all of the essential vitamins and minerals that you need in a day, these cookies will be all I need till the day I die. Seriously... these cookies are amazing. A little on the pricey side, but indulgence has its moments. The cookies are ginormous, extremely soft, and packed with gooey chocolatey goodness. If you don't like soft cookies, then this is not the place for you, but I'm sure one bite of this cookie will convert you. Somehow, going here brought out the inner kid in me. Maybe the oversized cookie brought back memories of being a wee toddler myself. Or maybe it's purely from the fact that the cookie was warm, sweet, and delicious. My face and hands were covered in chocolate and I had not a care in the world. If you are in NYC, GO HERE AND BUY A COOKIE (and maybe a glass of milk).
It's really easy to miss Levain Bakery's tiny store front.  But once you walk down the stairs, you are in baked goods heaven.  With 600+ reviews, I probably have nothing new to add about: 1) How the cookies are an amazing cookie-cake fusion, 2) The abundance of walnuts and melted chocolate chips, 3) How Levain annihilated Bobby Flay, or 4) How if you manage to get one that's still warm that you should proceed to shovel it in your face as you walk along Amsterdam Ave. The girl who took my order was not very friendly.  As I savored the first few bites, I knew why.  If I had to be surrounded by such delicious cookies 8 hours a day and maintain a petite frame, I'd hate my life too. The chocolate chip walnut is excellent - cannot wait to try the dark chocolate peanut butter.  And observe all of the onlookers gaping in disgust as I scarf the cookie down while ambling around Central Park West.
I went to NYC for the first time this past summer and I had 3 things on my absolutely-must-do check list: see my best friend, see the lion king and go to levains.  I didn't really know what to expect , I mean.. what kind of cookie is worth almost four dollars?! I dont know how they do it -- their cookies are HUGE.  About the size of a palm but almost two inches in height!  It's got a little crispiness on the outside but it's soft, tender, a little underdone and perfectly gooey on the inside.  Chocolate taste is not too sweet, not too dark, and not too overpowering, just rich chocolate deliciousness.  My family got the oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip-- both were good (a chocolate chip cookie without nuts would be great though)-- but not as good as the cocolate chocolate chip. if you go to levains, get the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie.  Its like a cookie and a brownie in one but BETTER.  Crisp outside, warm gooey inside... the only thing that could be better than a levains cookie is one with a scoop of vanilla bean icecream...
As a cookie fanatic, this place has the BEST walnut chocolate chip cookies! The dark chocolate peanut butter cookies were good also, but I definitely liked the walnut ones better. Coming back again for these. They reminded me of double tree hotel cookies (which were previously my favorite cookie of all time) but these are much bigger. And better!
If you want a mouth watering chocolate chip cookie go to Levain Bakery!  The cookies are moist and delicious!  Grab a cup of milk and start dunking! I've never tasted a more delicious cookie! The bakery is cute and small with a super friendly staff! Be prepared the cookies are highly addicting!
Worth taking on a plane ride to share with those not fortunate to have experienced this glorious baking perfection ...  perfectly baked hard and crunchy on the outside gooey and soft on the inside. best cookie in the entire world but definitely made for sharing they are like mini pies HUGE
This was one of the few NYC eats that lived up to our expectations. These are some pricey, but damn good cookies. We ordered a large milk to go with a classic chocolate chip walnut cookie and the dark chocolate peanut butter. The classic was my favorite. The dark chocolate was rich and chewy more like a brownie than a cookie, an outrageously delicious brownie. Nom! Nom! Nom!
Had to try these cookies after the place has been mentioned by everyone. But I admit, I am a little more discerning that others, since pastry is my profession. We were lucky that I immediately found street parking and went in the after noon when there was basically no one in there. Cookies are of course like boulders. They are huge and chunky! We had the oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip walnut. The sales associate grabbed them right off a sheet pan so they were warm ... nice touch. The chocolate chip were exactly as people have described them. Crunchy on the outside, gooey on the inside. But what people don't understand is that what makes a cookie gooey is not baking ti all the way through. Personally, this is fine for me in a chocolate chip cookie, but in the oatmeal raisin, it was a little odd. I will say that the raisins in the cookie were not shriveled up and burnt, but plump and moist. My friend that was with me is also a pastry chef and she is convinced that they use a combination of butter and shortening in their cookies. We have no proof of this, but thats just what she thought she tasted. We also got the chocolate sourdough roll. This was not warm, but that was ok. When we ripped it in half, the chocolate came crumbling out. It seems that the chocolate is just shoved in the middle of the roll and then baked. So, when the chocolate fell out, all you have left is a sourdough roll. I kinda don't get it...   Cookies are $4 each. I could see that cause they are huge, heavy, and baked fresh. The roll was $3, which I will pass on next time.
Holy S@#! is all I can say...I heard about this place on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" on TV the other night and decided I would check it out after my culinary school class today...Went from W 23rd St to the store...And it was welllll worth the trekk!  I ordered the Dark Chocolate Cookie with Chocolate Chips...I tore that bag open and took a fat bite into it once I got outside...Man am I glad I went outside, becuase I was making all sorts of sexual sounds LOL...You would have thought I was making sweet love to the most beautiful woman in the world...The whole process was tender, slow, rich, deep and just plain sensual...Yes I am still talking about this cookie...I about lost my sh*t and walked back in and ordered some more for the road...I ordered one more of each flavor...I cannot wait to try the rest of them!  The store itself is small and the kitchen is wide open and you can see everything that is going on...Pretty much a bunch of 20 something, bandana wearing hipsters listening to indie music...Just my type of scene lol...Small sized wrap around bar in front where you can smoke crack...Uhh I mean eat cookies...Yeah they were that good...Crunchy on the outside and sooo soft and gooey on the inside...Worth the 4 dollars in my opinion...
Orgasmic.  really! Loved the way your teeth just smoothly sinks in for every bite, folks, it's initially all about the texture, isn't it? :) Honestly, I thought $4 was expensive but back home, i actually do spend about $3 for something half this size! bought the walnut chocolate and dark chocolate, they're both pretty darn delicious.  The former has a nice contrast and able to taste the batter, and the latter is just pure sweetness. going to go back on my last day to get a dozen more (at least) and bring them back home!
Whoa, Levain is easily 4 stars for their $4 gargantuan thick cookies. Not quite a perfect 5 though...here's why: -Chocolate Chip Walnut was my favorite. With a crunchy shell and 'out of the oven' soft center. The high ratio of chocolate chip to cookie sealed the deal. The walnut added a crunchy texture. (5/5) s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com… -Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip was good but too sweet and intensely rich after two bites. It does have a high chip to cookie ratio. (3.5/5) -Oatmeal Raisin was okay. The center wasn't as soft in the center and there wasn't much flavor compared to the other three. I would not get this again (1/5) s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com… -Dark Chocolate Chip maintained its crispy shell and 'out of the oven' soft center where the chips are still melted the next day. Intense chocolate rich brownie sums it up. Eat this one by the bite and pair it with milk. (4.5/5) Overall the service is efficient. You're in and out with your high caloric cookies with a smile.
I saw this on some kind of article about best cookies in NYC so I made the trek there from the financial district, pretty out of the way. Ordered the chocolate chip and chocolate chip walnut cookies for me and as a gift for a friend in D.C. I ate a couple of them on the spot. It was tasty and had the perfect amount of chocolate chip in them. Pretty good overall. The staff were also very nice and the bakery had a nice homey flair to it. I would recommend others to try it although I can't say it's the best I've had. The $4 pricetag on each cookie was rather unreasonable, and it may be comparable to homemade cookies but it was worth the 20 minute ride and research.
These guys make my favorite cookie of all time - this is what I dream about when I think of a cookie.  I love nuts - I like chocolate when it's with it's best buds cookie dough and nuts.  And I like them best when they are all warm and huggie and delicious.  They slightly under bake these monster cookies so they come out chewy and gooey - but the walnuts give that nice crunch.  Did I mention they're huge - as big as your fist!  They dwarf little children!  Until the kiddo munches it too death and is covered in chocolate chip goodness... I need another cookie. It's like how people have a certain type of girl or guy that really turns them on, and for me, in the cookie dating world, this cookie and I are soul mates we have eHarmony chemistry. I've tried to bake a cookie like this myself and get stymied time after time - it's very hard to make such a large cookie with this consistency.
I thought it was all hype, but I was very good.  You get a lot for what you pay for.  Don't let the line fool you, it goes super quick and they don't act like they have to get rid of you when it's your turn.  Very patient.
I've gotten a few cookies here: Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip and the oatmeal raisin. The chocolate chip is by far my favorite. Levain has the perfect balance of chewy and crunchy. Each bite is textured well and filled with glorious amounts of melted chocolate. The cookies are quite large too, they're a meal in themselves. The best part is that the cookies are always fresh and hot as if they've come right out of the oven perfectly baked and delightfully tasty.
No line when I arrived today. Yay! I got a slice of lemon cake (still haven't tried it. Smells Devine), chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate chip. All I have to say is, thank god for that dark chocolate chip cookie. I fell it love. So perfect chewy inside and slightly crispy outside. Mmmmm. Worth the $4.
Not really a cookie type of guy, but I went here on a recommendation from a coworker and by far, it's the best cookie i've ever had, hands down.  Cozy little downstairs bakery in the upper west side, these tasted just as good (if not better) 1-2 days after purchase.
Each cookie is a meal in itself.  We bought three and it took two of us a couple days to take them down.  The walnut chocolate chip was my favorite but the peanut butter cookie was outstanding. Go hungry or bring a friend to share one.
One evening, many years ago, I took to the Google and asked this oracle, "Who, pray tell, makes the best cookie in the city?" And the Google did speaketh thus: "Levain Bakery." To which I responded, "And who endorses these delights?" At which point the Google did pause and whispered, "Oprah." Never one to question Oprah or her favorite things, I made the trip from my decrepit apartment to this cookie cornucopia in order to dabble in one or two of their goods. I am not good at very many things but I have mastered the art of cookie dalliances, which is a point of pride. Salivating patrons gather beside the narrow stairway into this underground lair in which the wafting smells of chocolate and other nondescript baked goods bring about a youthful exuberance in everyone. Though the line may sometimes appear perilous, fear not for most people have their orders committed to memory and the staff are both friendly and efficient. The place has become a New York institution and very rarely do these behemoth cookies - originally developed to provide the necessary calories for ultra-marathon runners - disappoint. Naturally, if the specimens are warm, this makes the sport all the more rewarding though, having walked the Upper West Side streets with a face and hands covered with chocolate, one should proceed with caution. Don't say that you were not warned. Recommended items include - but are not limited to - Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookies, Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookies, Valrhona Chocolate Rolls, Chocolate Chip Brioches and the Cinnamon Brioche. These are often considered the pinnacle of the New York cookie hierarchy and I've had the opportunity to establish a considered position on the matter, having eaten far too many of their baked goods over the years. As far as large, dense beasts go, this is about as good as it gets - they pack a great deal of decadence into each bite which results in one's sugar senses being overwhelmed, soon surrendering and - more often than not - pleading for more, which - at approximately six day's worth of calories per cookie - is a nontrivial problem. That said, returning every couple of months to appease my nostalgic yearnings, I don't love these cookies as much as I once did. They're great, but are they worthy of the hype? I'm not so sure anymore. Perhaps I've lost my good taste with age, but now I'm perfectly elated to find myself in the company of a salted peanut butter cookie from Ovenly, for example. (Why aren't more people raving about these? Perhaps I should keep my mouth shut.) I'm probably just a heathen who should be thrown down the well. Conclusion: You're on the Upper West Side and you haven't eaten in weeks. You need calories and you need them now - glorious calories packaged in a delightful walnut chocolate chip form or any of their other cookies for that matter. For most people, this will change your stance on what a cookie can be though it may be a bit premature to declare that it is unequivocally the greatest cookie. Like Oprah, they are operating with a tried and tested model that brings all the boys to the yard but, in a city in which culinary innovation is crucial, who knows how much longer they'll remain at the top of the cookie empire. Where, after all, is Oprah now?
Muffin cookie, that's what my friend called Levain cookies when she took a bite out of it. We all agreed. Sooo glad to get my fix this past weekend! This was my must go during our recent trip. I thanked my friends for their willingness to come here and I'm pretty sure they were also grateful that they were introduced to these cookies. In fact, we went back on our last day to pick some up. Walnut chocolate chips are the best, soft and gooey. The ones with chocolate is great with milk or coffee. The raisin one, I'm not normally a fan but I liked it too. Managed to take some back home and these cookies are heavy! I still have some left and I plan to hear up in the oven for a couple of minutes. Yummm
Definitely chewy gooey in every way. But it was just too much sweetness in one mouthful and I couldn't take a second bite.
Every few weeks while getting dressed for the day, I find that my pants are just a leeeeeetle snugger than I'd like.  So I proclaim loudly "That's it!  No more sweets!"  I leave my apartment, full of conviction, self-discipline and visions of a sleeker and svelter version of myself.  Yesterday was one of those days and things were going swimmingly...until I walked past Levain.  Sigh, bye bye conviction. Bye bye self-discipline. Bye bye almost-svelte self.  But on the flip side, hello cookies! I got the chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate with peanut butter chips and brought them over to my friends Patty and Seth, the only other people that dig sweets more than I do.  Dang, these things are frickin' good.  Definitely not for folks that are into crispy crunchy cookies.  These things are dense, rich and chewy, but not in a fudgy brownie kinda way.  $3.50 for each big lumpy cookie.  I wish Levain would come out with smaller versions though.  These are just too big to finish by yourself.
Oh my God..... Best cookies ever! I don't even know if they can be called 'cookies' since they are huge and made of heaven! I just vaguely remember me and about 5 friends hovered over a bag of deliciousness like a family of lions feeding on a carcass. I think one of them actually bit me going for the last piece of chocolate chip cookie...
WOW, just WOW! this is a MUST try in New York City!! The chocolate chip walnut cookies are the way to go.
WOW. Thank you, Yelp for recommending this place to us! We had been looking forward to these cookies for weeks and finally found the time to go. Immediately upon walking into the bakery, we were overwhelmed by the smell of freshly baked cookies. The place is small but charming, with very limited seating. We ordered the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie, which we devoured in a minute flat. The cookie was warm and moist and the ratio of chocolate to peanut butter was perfect. This was by far the best cookie we've had in the city! WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Can't find the words to explain how life altering the chocolate chip with walnut cookie was - fresh from the oven it didn't last more than 5 minutes once we took a taste!  Fantastic!
After falling in love with the chocolate chip walnut I had to come back and try another cookie. In addition to their classic I picked up a double chocolate chunk. I may love chocolate but double chocolate cookies are usually too much for me. This cookie was not though. The chocolate was so delicious! Just like all their cookies it at the delightful crunch on the outside and the doughy part on the inside. Brilliant!
3.5 stars.  If you want a tasty lump of sugar holding together lots of chocolate chips this is the place to come.
the bread here is what makes it a Bakery!  given, the baguettes are no gay paris, but pretty damn close this side of the vast atlantic. esp the baguette with butter and jam... mmmm..... such a satisfying breakfast for one (no sharing! get away!). the quick breads/loaves are, tres sad, not so good, but the brioche is buttery and light and melt in your mouth pieces of heaven. one is not enough! one is never enough!
Not much to say other than...BEST. COOKIES. EVER! Chocolate peanut butter are my fave, but honestly, you can't go wrong with any of them. Soft, gooey cookie heaven. Their scones are pretty outrageous, too.
i can't even deal best cookie of my life. seriously, thank you for exisiting, levain!!!
It's that damn cookie. This gigantic mound of chocolate goodness that's not even entirely BAKED properly b/c when you bite into it, melted chocolate comes oozing out. I'm not kidding. It's THAT good. Though I could see how it may be too rich for some people. But I love chocolate, the darker, the sweeter, the better. i think it's $4 per cookie? But well worth it. Oh, and this is not a sit-down bakery it's more of a grab-and-go. But there's a really cute little bench out front to chill for a few minutes.
Mother of God. I have been deceived my entire life eating those puny chips ahoy referring to them as "cookies". Those little flat disks compare nothing to this unbelievable mound of chocolate deliciousness! This is a COOKIE. I got the double chocolate and I enjoyed every bite. I sat on their bench outside as soon as I got it and it was love at first bite. Onlookers must have thought I was having a sexual relationship with this cookie and they might have been right. I licked every drop of chocolate and was in sensual heaven. I couldn't even help the little moan that escaped my throat as I devoured through its molten center. Oh god I should stop right now and go get me some...
It took me a bit to find it,  cause I was looking for something a bit bigger than the 7 foot wide basement storefront.  Walking down the short steep stairs a long,  narrow,  stainless steel, spotless kitchen appeared behind a short counter with a handful of items displayed.  The chocolate peanut butter cookie found its way to my mouth a few feet outside their door,  and stopped me in my tracks.  Incredible!
Trust me I'm a cookie connoisseur...No not really, but these cookies have all the qualities of the 'perfect' chocolate chip cookie, ie they are served warm, crispy on the edges with a soft and chewy center.  Chocolate chip walnut is by far my favorite.  The balanced crispy/chewy texture of both the cookie itself and the chocolate chip walnut combo is what makes this cookie for me.  The oatmeal raisin cookie isn't bad either, but personally I always gravitate towards the chocolate chip cookie.  On the other hand, both the double chocolate cookies are a bit too sweet for me, especially since the cookies are loaded with chocolate chips.   Also don't bother trying their other baked goods (chocolate chip banana bread, sour cream loaf) these were way dry.
Proof that God exists and that this bakery is in direct communication with Him.
Best cookies in the world.  Do not attempt to disagree, you would be wrong or you don't have tastebuds.  They have 4 cookies; the dark chocolate choc chip and choc chip walnut are the best.  THE BEST.  Imagine a giant, warm, mound of pure goodness with beautifully textured dough and pieces of chocolate.  Breath in that sweet, chocolaty aroma and know that you are about the savor a cookie made with THE BEST chocolate in the world (Valrhona).  Break off a piece of heaven and experience the joy of life.  Swallow and Repeat.
Yelp describes five stars as "as good as it gets." Levain deserves five stars. They have a small selection of baked good, all of which are outstanding. The chocolate chip walnut cookies are an object of fetishistic desire in my office, as they should be. How they get such a massive ball of dough to be crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside is a mystery, and like all the best mysteries, we should just accept it, enjoy it and let it be. Special thumbs up to the cinnamon butter brioche. Again, a marvel of texture: Fluffy yet dense, flavorful yet understated. Got one of those and a cup of coffee and walk one block to the park and enjoy it.
Why trouble yourself to make the trip up to 74th St. for cookies and baked goods? Because you'll be indulged in one amazing cookie. Trying to choose which cookie to order was a feat in itself, chocolate chip with walnuts, oatmeal chocolate chip, double chocolate with peanut butter? Decided to go with the double chocolate with peanut butter ($4.00) and a brioche with chocolate chip ($3.50). Yes, I love chocolate, and will get chocolate anything. The brioche was short of amazing, a little doughy with what appeared to be somewhat solidified chocolate, but creamy as soon as you bit into it. Good, but not as rich and crusty as I was expecting it to be. But the double chocolate chip with peanut butter? That was a meal in itself. So rich, so delicious, this is the cookie that you will dream and make love to, with so much chocolatey gooeyness. But take note, this cookie is no laughing matter as it can easily make you fall head over heels. Once you have one of Levain's cookies, you won't stop thinking about your next rendezvous here.
Hands down the best cookies I've ever had. The chocolate chip walnut is my personal favorite. I actually was only recently made aware that Levain even sells non-cookie items, that's how popular their cookies are. They are not inexpensive. I bought a dozen and paid $48. However, considering that each Levain cookie= 2.5 regular cookies, the price isn't so unreasonable. I went by recently and had my 2-month old in the stroller. There's no way to navigate the stairs with a stroller, so I called them from outside and they happily put my order together and brought it out to me. They assured me that they are happy to do so anytime I come by with my stroller. Great service! In conclusion- if you've not had a Levain cookie, get yourself there immediately and eat the hell out of one. **Can't finish that cookie?  Freeze it and warm it up for a few minutes in a warm oven when you're ready for the rest!
Yes it's a good cookie.  Actually it's more like a scoop of cookie dough that didn't quite flatten out into a cookie in the oven. Yes they are $4 a pop. Thought it'd be bigger based on the reviews.  I guess the Texan in me was expecting bigger. Anyway came out piping hot, and then we devoured the (little) monsters.  I loved the double dark chocolate.  My sister loved the peanut butter dark chocolate.  There are two other flavors, neither of which I no longer remember because they did not have the words dark chocolate in their description.  But my friends got them and they raved about them as well.
What do body waxing and awesome chocolate chip cookies have to do with each other? The answer is Levain. I read the Yelp reviews and had to try these choco chip cookies which people seemed to rave about. I stood there on the corner of 74th and Amersterdam looking for this place but was puzzled as the only storefront in front of me was this waxing spa. Then I finally looked below the waxing place and saw the modest basement entrance and sign for Levain. Jackpot! For cookies, they simply offer 4 types - choc chip w/walnut, choc choc chip, oatmeal raisin, and peanut butter and chocolate. Had the choco chip with walnut and it was the BEST DAMN FRIGGIN CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE I've ever had. It was huge and thick, served still warm. moist, and gooey with chocolate getting all over my fingers, hands, mouth... but I didn't care. WOW. Bottom line: These upper west siders really know their cookies. PHENOMENAL. And the body waxing place is lucky - what better way to attract women to their storefront than to have a phenomenal cookie store right below them. Would you like a wax with your cookie?
Although the place is a little pricy. I will recommend anyone with a sweet tooth to come here at least once. The chocolate chip walnut cookie was fantastic. However, next time I will try the Oatmeal raisin.
When you have a line of people trailing down the block in a snow storm, you know you've found a great place.  Thankfully, the line moves quickly and the guys behind the counter are pretty quick.  The selection of goodies here is quite small but everything looked amazing.  I tried the dark chocolate, oatmeal raisin, and chocolate chip walnut cookies and all were incredible; though the oatmeal raisin is where it's at in my personal opinion.  Can't wait to go back and get a loaf of the ciabatta as it was sold out... hopefully I don't eat the whole thing on the way back to my apartment!
So I come here for the first time, my friend wanted to wait outside, said he want some oatmeal raisin cookies, here is $10 get me as much as you can.  I come back with 2 and told him its 4 bucks a pop LOL. When I took a bite into these cookies, it was freakin amazin.  The ooey gooey you get in the middle is like the best part.  The outside is just the right amount of crunch.  Even though these cookies are $4 each, they are HUGE.  They about the size of 4 cookies, and you can definitely see yourself buying a really good cookie for a dollar. I honestly think they weigh about a pound each lol All the flavors are good, I think it just depends on what type of cookies you normally buy, oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip (has walnuts), chocolate peanut butter, or double chocolate.  GET EM FRESH... probably one of the best cookies you'll ever eat.
No matter how many times to stop by...it's just an amazing cookie shop! I love oatmeal raisin most!
Four words, Five-Stars.  Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie!
The recently opened Harlem location on FDB off 116th is small, but packs a punch. Amazing and HUGE cookies! For $4, you can easily share this with that special (or not so special) someone. My favorite is the chocolate chip  with walnuts; just the right combination of both to make a delicious cookie.
OH MY GOODNESS! I am a cookie lover and this is hands down the best cookies I've ever had.  I was told they are famous for the chocolate chip walnut flavor, so I went with that and I'm so glad I did.  For $4 you get a huge, warm, gooey cookie that will blow your mind.  Haven't stopped thinking about it since I left !!
These are seriously good cookies. Read lots of great reviews and was very excited for my first visit. I've been back multiple times since. Always seems to be a queue out the door but it moves quickly and the service is efficient. The dark chocolate chip is my top choice. Slightly expensive at $4 a cookie but worth it in the end.
this place is forreal. i was skeptical, thinking it may be hyped up....but the chocolate chip walnut cookie was damn good! My (surprisingly) biggest complaint is the size....i had to split one cookie into fourths because its just too overwhelming otherwise. definitely worth $4 because you essentially get 4 cookies. i also tried the chocolate roll - interesting concept as they took a regular roll and filled it with decadent rich dark chocolate. i'd prefer this over a buttery chocolate croissant any day. plus, i loved the texture of the chocolate - they heated it up only slightly so that the chocolate was warm but still flaky and had a crunch when i bit in. best cookie around town? maaaybe. this honor might go to schmakary's tho....
Chocolate chip walnut cookies all the way
This is pretty much like the long lost sister bakery to Arizmendi in the SF area???? Which makes it my second favorite place in the world, I think. Cookies are $4 a pop but ENORMOUS so you're not getting ripped off for sure. I was overwhelmed by the delicious smell of baked goods wafting out of the bakery so I picked up two dark chocolate chocolate chip and one oatmeal raisin cookies, AND an oatmeal raisin scone. No regrets. I stuffed my face with a cookie on the way out of the (small) bakery and mmmm, so good! My friend started swearing he enjoyed it so much, lol. The outside is just crisp enough and the inside soft and chewy but not to the point of questionably baked. And did I mention they were huge? The scone (just as big as the cookies, or bigger) was $3, and I'm glad I made that last second decision to pick it up. It was a perfect snack for the day-after and still so delicious. I didn't even heat it up. The other two cookies I saved for home (Los Angeles). They survived the flight with no problem, popped them back into the toaster oven for a few minutes and still super amazing as if right out of the oven. Very very much recommended!
Frankly, no clue what the hype is about. The cookies are large, but really sweet - so sweet that it's not even healthy to eat them. I tried the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Oatmeal Raisin Scones, Sour Cream Coffee Cake and a Whole Wheat Walnut Raisin Roll. I only liked the raisin roll, but did not find any item extraordinary enough to go back again. Personally, I have a huge sweet tooth, and really like trying new desserts of all forms. Therefore, was expecting much more when I read all the reviews. But I do not know whether it is just me or my taste buds, but I have eaten much better cakes and cookies - which have some taste and flavor over and above the oodles of sugar in them.
Levain without a doubt has the best choc chip cookies..these cookes are huge, cakey and gooey.   The banana choc chip bread is pretty good too
Yes, the enormous cookies are rich and gooey, a borderline brownie to me, but I go here for the crunchy flatbread pizza with the caramelized onions. Take what you order to Central Park since there are only two seats or so (and a bench outside) here.
Alrgight, so I had resisted the levain cookies for years, but upon tasting, have to admit that the hype is probably well deserved. The cookie is a barely solid mass of molten butter and chocolate and fat.  At some point, it's really a brownie and not a cookie, honestly, but in any event, this is delicious stuff.  Best if shared - one person should not eat an entire cookie.
I have been dying to try Levain's chocolate chip cookies for a year! I finally had a chance to visit about a few weeks ago and let me tell you, it was an experience of a lifetime. These cookies are amazing. They are softball size, but soft and gooey inside. I recommend the chocolate chip with walnuts. It is a classic and it won't disappoint. :) Levain is truly worthy of its name and deserves all the reviews it gets!
there is no better cookie!
Took a friend here on her trip to New York. The place is very small and in the basement area so it can easily be missed if you don't keep an eye our. But it's the second store from the corner. We got to the store around 9 pm and there is no line. Thank goodness! Walked into the store and was immediately hit by the sweet smell of the delish cookies. I've never been here before and was planning on getting just the chocolate chip cookie, but being the food lover I am, I decided to get the oatmeal and double chocolate one as well. The cookies were about the size of my face. Huge!  They tasted amazing and soft. My friend gobbled down a whole cookie the second we walked out the door.  Can't wait to have some more cookies another day!
These cookies are huge! It felt like I was eating a scone... The line was out the door when we got there but it turns out the shop is pretty tiny so don't be deterred! I would have kept walking normally, but my friend always talks about this place so I had to try it. We got the oatmeal raisin and the double chocolate chip. I loved the oatmeal raisin. It had the crunchy exterior that I like but the inside was nice and gooey. Not the hugest chocolate fan so I didn't love the other cookie. It was really sweet for me but I could see other people loving it.
As I descended the narrow steps of Levain Bakery for the first time, I thought of all the other cookies I have eaten at Mrs. Fields and various cafes, in addition to various homemade and storebought cookies I have had. Cookies don't have to be exceptional for me or anyone else I know, they just have to be decent. HOLY MOTHER OF GOD WHAT DID LEVAIN DO?! They guaranteed I will never eat another cookie unless it is from their damn bakery. I hate you Levain. With your delicious and fantastic chocolate chip walnut cookie, your really cute girl bakers with handkerchiefs and flour on their cheeks, and your contribution to my imminent diabetes. Levain Bakery: Wanted for the murder of Mrs. Fields and for burning down the Toll House on Pepperidge Farms Avenue. The Modus Operandi? The BEST cookies in the world.
One word, AMAZING!!! I actually think this spot has the best cookie in the entire NYC! I went today to purchase come cookies for Valentines day for my girlfriend. Went around reading reviews from fellow yelpers and every one seemed to adore this place. Not disappointed at all. I was worried about the ling lines however there was only a couple in the store once I arrived. The cashier was extremely friendly. We even had a conversation about the different flavors and the bakery's highly acclaimed walnut chocolate chip cookie. I was hoping they had package deals on the variety of cookies, and they don't. Which is fine I suppose. Each cookie is $4. On the other hand to not having packages or deals, they do offer boxes to place cookies of four or more into. Which is pretty cool. Consider it a custom made package. The four flavor they offer are Walnut Chocolate Chip, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Oatmeal Raisin, & Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. I purchased one of each for my girl friend and an extra Walnut Chocolate Chip for the road. The cookie was amazing! Nice and soft with the chocolate nice and warm and melty. It was totally worth my $4 for each cookie. By the way the cookie is huge. On my next visit I will meet the Oatmeal Raisin Cookie  lol
As everyone says, great.  Only thing I would add is bring milk/almond milk/soy milk...you will want it.  The Peanut Butter one is ridiculously good--like crazy good--worth a trip out here.
I live on the same street as this bakery, and I see trouble brewing. To make it worse, it's right next to my cleaners. This is a serious exercise in self control. I tried a dark chocolate chip cookie and it was delicious. Way too big, but moist, tasty, and rich. One cookie is enough for two people. It's the size of a fist, and it should be for $4. It's so moist, it's almost like eating a brownie. Levain Cookie Challenge: eat 2 cookies in 5 minutes.
The chocolate chip cookie is perfection. Loads of chocolate, semi dense, breaks apart well, each bite is exquisite.
This place is friggin' AWESOME!!!  Totally worth the splurge for a $4 cookie because this cookie is HUGE and AMAZING!!!  I have to eat the cookie in three servings, that's how big it is!!  The cookie has this amazing crispy outside and a wonderfully gooey inside.  Somehow it retains the gooeyness over a couple of days!!  The chocolate chips are melted into the cookie.  SO GOOD!!!  Please note that the chocolate cookies are dark chocolate.  My favorites are Chocolate Chip Walnut and Oatmeal Raisin.
Best chocolate chocolate chip cookies EVER!!  Regular stop, no matter what, when in Manhattan! Hard to find, but worth the search!
Best Chocolate Chip Cookie in the World:  A small below street level bakery, the smells overwhelm as one starts down the stairs. The basic chocolate chip cookie with walnuts has brought us in from the suburbs on many occasions. Each cookie is large enough to share ( or eat over several days if you have willpower). Other cookies are good as well but none surpasses the chocolate chip with walnuts! And they freeze well.
Dear Levain Bakery, What have u done!!! U ruin my hard-work at the gym and I'm $4 dollars poorer in every cookies. You are even open despite the bad weather forecast.  That's dedication! Personal favorites are the walnut and dark chocolate. One day, I took a big bite (yes, I am a fatass) at the walnut chocolate cookie. I had to walk back to Levain. They gave me RAISINS by mistake and it was too sweet. Exchange were made. No hassle. The dark chocolate peanut is just... heart attack in every bite. I could feel my blood vessels clogging. If you love peanut butter then this Cookie is made for you, bringing you to Peanutland and with too much consumption, to ED as well. Guarantee. Goodness graciousnesss! Sinful! LOVE IT! I DON'T CARE!!! Dear Fellow Customers, You may enter the bakery as long as it is open, but please do twist the doorknob and shut the door close. I mean, Levain is working so hard to deliver us the best hot gooey cookies of the planet and not only it is currently freezing outside, foreign particles from the outside are getting into your cookies, settling and enjoying its newly found habitat ....and it is loud and I need to order... Thank you.
The double chocolate chip is my absolute favorite cookie in the whole world. If you like chocolate, definitely get this cookie. The cookie has just enough crunch and just enough gooey to make this the perfect cookie. There might be a line out the door but it moves pretty fast. Definitely get a few cookies in the box and one in a wrapper to eat on the road.
I just don't see what the hype is about.  I stopped by Levain because of all the good things I've heard from Food Network and from friends, but, honestly, the cookie I had wasn't good.  I tried a Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie.  It was overdone.  So was the price.  $4?  Really?   My suggestion would be to try it out; I could have gone on an off day, or maybe oversized, overpriced cookies are not my thing.  Most people seem to love it.  But quite probably your mom makes better cookies than the bakers at Levain.  I know my mom does.
The best cookies I've ever tasted!!!!! Ohhh to joy. They are hot and moist and melts in your mouth. I wish they had on in Brooklyn, for my late night runs. I am a sucker for a good pastry.
Definitely good and delicious cookies ever! I just tried once but never forget it! Big enough cookie and will definitely satisfy your eager to sweet and cookie! I used to buy dozen of them before. Like heaven but also hell! Never regret to try it! Don't miss it!
As a person with a sweet tooth, I had to stop by to try this recommended cookie bakery. I tried the chocolate chip walnut cookie. It was still warm, and chocolate chips were melting as I broke it in half. I must say, though, it lacked sweetness (maybe the chocolate chips used  should have been sweet, not semi-sweet). The cookie was more on the salty side, than on the sweet side. I'm not saying it needs to be the kind of sweet that makes it overly rich, just a bit sweeter. Had it been slightly sweeter, I would have given it a 5-star. Other than the lack of sweetness, the cookie was beautifully thick, evenly baked, and had a nice firm texture, yet was still soft. I will definitely go back to try other flavors. Not the best cookie I've had, but it was very good.
Awesome cookie (any of their options), especially when it is fresh out of the oven.  It's one of the great cookies available in the NYC area.  I'm not sure if I can really say it's the best when there are just too many awesome cookies being made throughout the city.
thickest cookies i've ever seen. areas with 4 chips stacked on top of each other. not a single underbaked or overbaked spot of dough. yea. quite impressive. soft, chewy, non-crumbly texture. devoured: dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie.
I've been wanting to try their chocolate chip cookies ever since I watched the bakery owners win on Throwdown with Bobby Flay.  Mind you I watched that episode at least 3 times because the cookies looked so amazing.  I've even tried to mimic them and NOTHING compares to the original you'll find in their small quaint shop.  Totally worth $4 for their large crunchy yet gooey cookies.  And the oatmeal raisin may even be better than the chocolate chip.  If you're visiting NYC, you must stop at Levain!
I have been disappointed by many other raved about places in NYC, so I wasn't sure if this would live up to it. Finally got to go today and still have most of a choc. chip walnut cookie and a PB choc. cookie waiting for me. After 1 bite I announced that "If I could marry this cookie, I think we could be really happy together". And then smiled, and sighed. Will definitely be making a return trip. The friend I was with warns not to scarf down the whole thing to avoid feeling gross (they are huge!) but says that it is totally worth it.
Cookies are amazing here! especially the chocolate chip ones for which they are known for. Ask them to warm it up as well because thats the best way to eat them!
Have only been once, so will update if I try something else next time. There will be a next time if one of my friends or an out-of-towner really wants to come, but I don't think I'll come alone again based on what I had this time. For me personally, the cookie was just too sweet. And texture-wise, it didn't have the blend of softness but also slight chewyness that I love in my cookies. It was more flakey, like a brownie. I was surprised at how sweet it was, since I got dark chocolate. I have to say, I've enjoyed the cookies over at Jacque Torres much more :X Also, $4?! I'd rather it be $2 and half the size. Can't share if the others in your party don't want the same flavor, after all. Great service, though!
Snacktime means cookietime. At Levain Bakery the cookies are so huge, they might as well be lunch. These massive mounds stay underdone in the middle, making them boon to cookie-dough lovers. Let us tell you, there are no exaggerations when it comes to these cookies. They make only 4 types of cookies: chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and dark chocolate peanut butter chip.. all about 8oz each and $4 a piece. We ordered the double chocolate peanut butter cookie and the oatmeal cookie. The chocolate peanut cookie had a nice crispy outside and a rawish gooey doughiness inside. It was decadent! We also tried the oatmeal raisin cookie, which was also good. My boyfriend isn't a big fan of oatmeal cookies but he was surprised that actually enjoyed this cookie. Both cookies were so moist and dense. Much more so than it's appearance lends itself to be. After sampling all of the baked goodies the real winner was the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. This cookie is beyond unique and i must find a way to recreate this gooey mass of a cookie dough!
Wow. For years I had heard so many good things about Levain Bakery's cookies but had never gotten around to trying them. Finally, after seeing my family's horrified faces when I said I didn't want a birthday cake, I appeased them by saying that instead, I wanted to get Levain's cookies and have a 'make your own cookie sundae' affair. BEST IDEA EVER. And most gluttunous :) We each had our own cookie, together effectively trying all four varieties: choc. chip walnut, choc. dark choc. chip, choc. with peanut butter chips, and oatmeal raisin (which I had). The cookies are truly HUGE, about the width of my palm, and piled high so that the inside is basically unbaked gooey goodness, especially when WARM. I can't imagine eating one of those except as a meal unto itself. The batter is jam-packed with chips/raisins, so that every bite is equally glorious. I personally would have liked a little more spices and oats in the oatmeal batter, but it was still a very tasty cookie. Everyone else raved about their respective choices, and declared my idea the best alternative to birthday cake. I might have to do this again. I haven't tried their other baked items, but the bread, foccacia, and other pastries looked just as tasty. The bakery itself is in a very unassuming location, downstairs beneath a townhouse, and is just a walk-up counter where they display their offerings. The bakery is just behind, with items fresh from the oven waiting for your selection. Mmmm....yummy.....
Who doesn't love a fresh baked cookie that weighs a pound. Every time I come here I always get a consistently great cookie that I regret eating in less than five minutes. The dark chocolate peanut butter cookie is my favorite. I'm glad Levain isn't closer to me because I would need a new wardrobe if i was a regular.
The oatmeal raisin cookie still haunts my dreams. Why oh why did I discover you only after I moved away? These are giant dense mounds of goodness. I ordered half a dozen and got a workout carrying these back.
the first cookie bakery i been to in NY and I must say... yum me! thick and rich for the extra sweet tooth and great with a glass of milk or coffee.
For the love of all things made with butter, if I could eat a Levain cookie every day for one week, which would condemn myself to a lifetime of eating nothing but broccoli from there on after to try to be healthy to make up for it, I would still do it.
Most delicious chocolate chip walnut cookies!! I have tried their other items but the cookies are best. Besides the whole wheat raisin walnut bread, the other items were not worth the calories.
The chocolate cookies are so good it changed my life. In fact, they might be the only reason to visit the UWS.
What can you add to 2500 concurring reviews of a heavenly cookie? More mushy love, I suppose. Oh cookie of Levain, you are soft, you are warm, you are amazing to hold and to tongue, bite gently, and have with a gulp of milk, Mmmm. Take advantage of the bench outside, if you can, and enjoy the glances and envious stares of passers-by and those still in line. One is enough for two to share, if you're just looking to see what the fuss is about. But if you dare, buy enough to bring home, you won't regret it.
Yum! The chocolate chip walnut cookies are far and above the BEST cookies we've EVER had.  The perfect crispness on the outside, and thick, soft and melty in the middle. perfection. We also have to especially thank he staff who sold us the last three cookies for our kids a few minutes after closing.... it MADE our night. THANK YOU!
Where do I even begin? I've been coming here for three years, and every time, I leave in a giddy state of carbohydrate-induced euphoria. Seriously. I always get the chocolate chip walnut or the chocolate peanut butter, and they never disappoint. The outer edge of the cookie is always perfectly golden, while the entire inside is warm and soft and the chocolate chips are just melted enough. Call me crazy, but it's a thing of beauty. Thank you, Levain!
I was first introduced to Levain Bakery when a friend of mine went to New York last summer and brought back a box of chocolate chip cookies for my family.  I was already impressed by the sheer weight of the cookies!  These were good when I had them in LA, but you have to get them hot from the oven in NY! On a recent trip to I made sure to visit the tiny bakery with the fam bam and get some cookies.  We each got a $4 cookie:  my dad and I got traditional chocolate chip walnut cookie, my brother the chocolate/peanut butter lover got the dark chocolate peanut butter chip (if you like reese's peanut butter cups you will like this), and my  mom got the oatmeal raisin.  These cookies may be $4 each, but they are so big that it practically counts as two cookies.  I couldn't finish my cookie so I saved the other half for after dinner :)   I enjoyed my cookie with a cup of illy coffee... delicious.  illy coffee + warm chocolate chip walnut cookie = heaven. Make sure your taxi doesn't pass this small bakery!  Our taxi cab driver was reading the numbers on all the buildings before we saw the bakery.  It is funny that you get BIG COOKIES from a teeny weeny bakery. Next trip I need to make sure to come on the weekend to get Levain's famed Cinnamon rolls :)  I saw them on Oprah, so they gotta be good.
Now this is what I call a chocolate chip cookie! The $4 price is absolutely worth it.
If you love cookies, this is the best place to have one. Their classic cookie (served hot!) is the best one I've ever ate. Never go to this bakery without being hungry. A small cookie reveals to be a real meal, but what for a meal! Service is perfect. They are smiling and nice all the time. There is no room to eat there (or only two or three chairs) but a nice bench outside to enjoy your cookie. Don't count on eating it in Central Park, you'll finish it before getting to the park.
Best cookies I have ever had. You know that a place in NY is a must go when you see a line that is out the door. A 30-minute wait for a cookie?? that's unheard of.. But TOTALLY worth it.
HOLY SH*T. That was quite a cookie. These things are ridiculous. Well worth the $4 since you'll probably end up splitting with at least one other person. I took two bites and had to stop because it was so rich. They were delicious though, and especially good when it's cold outside and the cookie is piping hot and almost falling apart. Get a napkin...or ten. We tried out the Chocolate with Peanut Butter Chips and the Chocolate Chip Walnut. As good as they were, I'm giving 4 stars, mainly due to personal preference. I prefer my cookie a batter a tad saltier - both of the cookies were a bit *too* sweet for me. I would also alter the cookie:chocolate ratio on the Chocolate Chip Walnut so it has a bit more cookie dough. But seriously, try it. Further uptown than my usual haunts, but I'd definitely stop by if I was in the neighborhood (and would probably smell the cookies from 3 blocks away).
OMG.  After an epic grub crawl all over the city, I still managed to get my butt uptown to have a chocolate chip cookie from Levain Bakery.  I was stuffed but still had room for the warm, chewy, gooey cookie that's the size of my fist.  They make one of the best chocolate chip cookies EVER!  The best part is that if you bought too many, they keep for another 5 days without getting hard or crumbly.  Oh man, I think I'm drooling.
Chocolate chip walnut cookie with milk.  Just do it.  Order a supply.  I've got friends from all over the country ordering online.
Levain is one of those places best known for the rap it's customers give it. You've heard rumblings on the street & are ready to dive into the madness of a craze. The lines get long, you'll spend $4 for a slightly above average sized cookie, and you'll be jabbing elbows with other customers as you fight for a napkin to wipe off the melted chocolate from your cheek. Yeah the cookie is good. But worth waiting in line for 20 minutes? Probably not. We came on a snowy day & luckily only waited inside for 5 minutes before being served. Even over a slow period, there was nothing phenomenal about my cookie. I had to politely ask them to warm my cookie....Hey, if I'm going to die by chocolate, may as well enjoy it to the max. Get over the madness and enjoy Levain for what it is. A medium sized gooey cookie at a place that only has 4 varieties.
Cookies are my absolute favorite thing to eat! When I was going to New York I was really looking forward to getting a cookie from here! I got the chocolate chip walnut & just died when I bit into it! ABSOLUTE PERFECTION! I'm convinced this cookie recipe was invented by the Pope or Moses or god knows.
Okay came back had the peanut butter chocolate cookie and that was great and better that we remembered the last cookie to be.
This is a tiny walk in/walk out sort of place.  There are a few places to stand/sit at the window, but, because this place has awesome goodies, the spots are usually taken. The sweet smell of sugary, chocolate-y goodness hits your nose as soon as you enter and begin to descend the stairs; it's divine. The first time I visited, I didn't think that I'd pay $3.00 for a sourdough baguette piece laced with dark chocolate, but, after a few moments of deliberation, curiosity got the better of me.  It wasn't my fave, the chocolate wasn't integrated well enough into the roll for my total liking, but props to Levain for creating it! Today, I purchased, also for three bucks, an entire baguette of sourdough (sans chocolate).  I've yet to tear into it, but it has all the ear marks of being a great loaf of bread. Levain also has coffee and espresso drinks for those who wish to both nosh and swill.   If you're in the 'hood, then check it out.
Dear recent houseguest/dear friend..you are now my favorite as you brought me a huge & delicious peanut butter chocolate cookie from Levain. I am super aggravated that they are far away from my apt. in Brooklyn, but really enjoyed gently warming my cookie in the microwave and then scarfing it down with some nice cold (soy)milk.
Wow, these are probably the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had. They were warm, chewy, and thick--exactly what you want from a good old fashioned CC cookie. I've only been here once and it was in the middle of the day, so I don't know what this place is like usually in terms of waits. I still dream of these cookies! Next time I go back to NYC, I'm definitely heading back to this place!
I dream of Levain bakery's chocolate chip walnut cookies! They are everything a cookie should be: crunchy around the edges and soft and doughy inside. The perfect balance of rich dark chocolate and crunchy walnuts.  The best cookie I have ever had!
I went a couple of weeks ago and ordered the chocolate chip walnut. They got mixed up and gave me a peanut butter instead. When I went back to tell them, they gave me a new cookie and let me keep the other one. SCORE! Thanks for great service, Levain! :)
They do have large mound like cookies that aren't sickingly sweet so you could have a one as a small lunch. I tend to like a crispier flatter cookie but this was worth the hike just to try. I did get a small roll to see how the other goods were but it was hard as a rock.
haiku for levain bakery $4 cookies orgasmically good. true. i am so happy --- I was searching for a bakery nearby 70th street and Amsterdam and found this place through Yelp. It's a pretty small bakery underneath Max Smax or something. I got the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie (!!!!!!) and the chocolate chip walnut cookie (!!). Expensive but worth it. It brought me back to those elementary school days when I'd go to Library Club just for the milk and cookies.
Aside from the "B" sanitary rating, this place lives up to all the hype. I decided to live my life and got one of each type of cookie. I was at first hesitant to get the oatmeal raisin cookie (HA raisins, what am I on a diet?), but it was just as delicious as the other 3 flavors. The outside is crispy while the inside is rich and moist (sometimes even gooey)! Also, thank god it's a few streets down from equinox.
Best cookies I've ever eaten in my life.  And this is coming from a person in California, who received the cookies via mail 2 days from when they were ordered from the store to when they were delivered and devoured.  And even at 3 days later, these cookies still beat any cookies I've eaten in the past.  I can only imagine how these cookies taste fresh.  *d-r-o-o-l-s* When people complain about the price of these cookies, it's like are you kidding me? These cookies are gynormous and one cookie can easily feed 2 - 3 people.  For a cookie that may very well be the best cookie you'll ever eat in your life and one that can feed 2 - 3 people, $4 is beyond reasonable.   I sampled all the different flavored cookies and loved them all.  Wasn't a huge fan of the oatmeal cookie, though, but I'm guessing for people who love oatmeal cookies, they'll like it.  For me, I'll stick with the other flavors.  Also, when eating these cookies, make sure you have your beverage of choice handy when devouring these delectable cookies: milk, tea, or coffee, or whatever else you may drink with the cookies.  And lastly, a HUGE thanks to my great friend in New York, who went wayyy out of his way to send these cookies to me from New York.
Wow. I have to admit that when I saw pics of these cookies on Yelp, I immediately thought that it was everything wrong with America. In my mind I assumed that these were really large chocolate chip cookies and thats why people love them (pretty much why people love Corner Bistro-Big Burgers.) I eat my words. These cookies is everything that's right in America. Fresh baked and warm when you get it. The chocolate chips are melty when you bite in and the cookie is buttery and fantastic. Why did I have to go on a diet?
Levain Bakery was on my radar ever since they won the chocolate chip cookie throwdown with Bobby Flay. The short story is that Connie McDonald and Pam Weekes are a couple of triathletes who shared a common love of food, especially about the perfect chocolate chip cookie and opened the business back in 1995. The name "Levain" has to do with leavening agents in baking... Their signature Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie is their best one. 6 ounces of coarse walnut and semi-sweet chocolate chip texture, their choice of ingredients obviously makes a difference in the taste. In my limited experimentation with baking my own chocolate chip cookies, it's mainly about the ratio between flour, butter, and brown sugar; even the temperature of the butter when mixed matters. The end result is a cookie that is chewy on the inside, but crispy firm on the outside. These girls have perfected their working formula and judging by all of the positive reviews, people generally agree... Tried the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip as well and it's very good too. Believe it or not, I think I prefer their signature cookie more because it's less chocolate intense... Also tried their oatmeal raisin scone and I thought it wasn't as good as their cookies; it was pretty dry... $4 per cookie is expensive but justifiable occasionally if the product is all that and it is. Best to have with a cold glass of milk (of course). 4.5 stars...
Mmmmmmmmm!!!!! So good ... My first visit I brought 7 cookies!!! Had to try them all.. and fell in love with the chocolate peanut butter chip. Will return soon!!!
Tiny hole in the wall bakery without an excess of options, which is good because all you need to know is BUY THEIR COOKIES. Now, I haven't been in NYC for very long, but 4 dollars to me would usually seem pretty excessive for a cookie.  Not here.  Buy their cookies.  They're massive, melt in your mouth, have an optimal chocolate chip to cookie ratio, and are worth every penny.  I've introduced a dozen or two people to their cookies, and they've universally said that it's the best cookie they've ever tasted.  You can even buy a dozen and then heat them up in the microwave when you want them, and they're still better than any other cookie I've ever had (I've tried this for up to two or three weeks)! Just go buy a cookie, sit down, and block out all distractions while you take the first bite.  You'll thank us later.
O-M-G....I don't care if this has a million calories...it is worth it!!!But seriously these are not considered cookies...more like mini hard cakes...common they're huge!!! Of course they are the tastiest right out of the oven but that's how you normally get it. I love how the outside is hard but the inside is warm and cake like. My favorite is the chocolate/peanut butter cookie. The day i had it was a cold cold day and consuming the big ass cookie definitley warmed my heart.
Mrs: A fellow Yelper turned me on to Levain, via a friendly note. Okay, the cookies here are UNBELIEVABLE. While I am not a huge walnut fan, my go-to was immediately the double-chocolate peanut butter. I ran straight home, hoping that this monster cookie bomb was still warm. Yes...it was. I had mine with a little vanilla ice cream on top...Mmmmm....
Not too many options but what they have is great. I tried the dark chocolate chip cookie and the cappuccino and LOVED it! A must if you are in the area.
i think my mom kept eating the chocolate chip walnut cookies from levain until she threw up. i don't think she regrets it. in fact if i were her, id gladly do it all over again. aka i nearly did five days ago, except it was through a combination of choco-walnut AND choco-peanut butter cookies. nom.
Hidden under a waxing storefront, I was so excited to try these famous cookies! The entire time walking here, I had the biggest internal battle to choose which cookie to get. When we arrived, I saw all the cookies & it made me even more confused as to which cookie to get! The store was packed, but the line went by super quick. They also sell bread, which looked delicious! TIP: if you want some of their bread & are worried that they'll sell out before you have time to come in, you can call earlier in the day to reserve whatever you want & they'll put it on hold for you. AWESOME idea! We finally decided to try three of the four cookie options ($4 a cookie) Chocolate chip walnut : The walnuts complimented the chocolate surprisingly well! Helped to buffer the sweetness of the chips! Oatmeal raisin : SO GOOD. Buttery, the raisins don't make it a sad cookie & the denseness of the cookie made this a delicious fat cookie! Peanut butter chocolate chip : Flooded with peanut butter chips, this cookie was super sweet & delectable! WHEN i come back, I would order the chocolate chip walnut & the oatmeal raisin again! So delicious! minus 1 star, only because the price is pretty pricey.
Damn you Levain!   Ooops you did it again. This time I brought one ALL the way to LA to let my peeps try one.  Three people shared one.  Ha ha. I had my own the night before. Their loss.  My happy tummy. So good warm but still good next day these rocks are.  They look hard but even when not warm are not! Love U Levain.  I try to stay off this part of Amsterdam more than once every 2 months
Apparently heaven weighs 6 oz. That is all.
Got the walnut chocolate chip cookie, which I thought was good, but not 5 or even 4 stars amazing.  The cookies are the size of large scones / muffin tops and are just a bit too large to even call a cookie.  The cookie was more doughy than chewy, probably because of how large it was.  The quality of the chocolate chips and walnuts were very good, but I wasn't too impressed, nor were my friends. Cookie was $4 if I remember correctly, but large enough to justify the high cost.  Probably worth trying once, as everyone has different opinions on their favorite cookies, but I thought it was very average.
I am absolutely in love with their cookies!! I know it's pretty sad but I almost missed my flight home because I just needed to get cookies for the flight home! I cannot wait to visit NY again so I can have another taste of Levain Bakery's wonderful chocolatey (and oatmeal raisin!) goodness!
It is just so good. Me and a friend walked here one sunny late winter day and it was so so worth it. Really, how can you make a chocolate chip cookie better than just a cookie? Go here and find out. Chocolate chip and walnut is such a classic, with milk of course. mmmmmm. Delicious and feels like an occasion everytime.
BF's coworker got us some of these for a party and they are soooo delicious that I had to get on yelp to bookmark the bakery and rave about their cookies.  My favorite were the chocolate cookies with peanut butter chunks.  I don't have much of a sweet tooth but these were absolutely delicious, perfectly chunkie and moist.  Loved every bit of them!  And I don't want to know how much not-good-for-me stuff went into making them.
Awesome cookies. I got the chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies.  AT 4$ each it is well worth it.
Now I'm not from New York but I've been waiting to come here to try a variety of food places. I've heard great things about this bakery so it was one of the places I was anticipating trying. Once I finally got my cookies (oatmeal, chocolate chip and peanut butter) it was rather disappointing. Idk if I had built it up in my mind too much or what but they were just whatever. They weren't bad but they definitely weren't the best or life changing. I would compare them to oversized Tollhouse break and bake cookies.
Levain has the best cookies EVER, along with really friendly staff.  THe walnut chocolate chip cookie was moist, warm and had the perfect amount of crunchiness to it.  The chocolate chocolate chip cookie tasted almost like a brownie.  These cookies are no joke- they weigh about a pound, but its a pound of pure goodness.
Holy mother of cookie! These things are so good they should be outlawed. I foolishly purchased four, thinking I'd have a little nibble of each flavor and throw the rest away. Not possible. Be prepared that you will consume every once of the cookies you buy from this shop. To my delight and surprise, my favorite was the oatmeal raisin. I don't usually like raisins in my cookies, but the gooey texture combined with the oats and cinnamon was perfection in every way. The next favorite was a tie between the chocolate chip walnut (I wish there weren't walnuts) and the double chocolate. My least favorite flavor was the peanut butter chocolate, and I must note that I LOVE the peanut butter chocolate combo. I think it's one of the best matches in the world, but this cookie was just a bit too rich for me. I would eat it if they were out of the other three, but it's definitely not my first choice. So what makes this cookies so ridiculously exquisite? When you get them at the bakery they are a little warm still. You bite through the crunchy exterior and find a soft center that seems almost doughy.  These cookies are also massive. You'd struggle to finish it in one sitting. I did finish four in two days with the help of my fiance. They are $4 a piece. Worth every penny. Enjoy, and if you are coming back to LA, bring me one!!
Really, is there a reason to try another cookie in New York? These are hands down, the biggest, most amazing cookies in the world. They are like not even on the same level as anything else. They are 6 ounces each, buttery, rich and amazing. They use the finest ingredients and you can tell. The staff is so sweet, it makes me want to cry. This may be my favorite business on earth... period!
The only time I'll ever "wait in line" is to check out groceries.  I don't wait in line to enter bars/clubs, I don't wait in line for concerts/fashion shows, I don't wait in line for the big release of something douchy.  It's such a waste of time!   But, you will see my dumbass waiting in line for some damn oatmeal and dark chocolate peanut butter cookies from Levain.  I know there's a lot of buzz around this place, and believe me, it's worth it!  The cookie dough is flaky and crunchy, the inside is gooey, and buttery, and just all together lovely.  Like a hot mess of deliciousness.   #fingerlickingood It costs $4 per cookie.  I know, what?  Yeah, but the cookies are huge.  Just, suck it up, and go get some.  #cokeandasmile
Believe the hype. These really are the best cookies in NYC. So dense that you probably won't be able to finish one. They're so good that I saw an old guy die of a heart attack right there on the sidewalk after eating one. Smile on his face. This is a bakery, it's not one of those "jack-of-all-cookie-types-master-of-none" cookie places. They just specialize in 4 types of cookies: Chocolate-chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate-chip, chocolate peanut butter, and oatmeal raisin. Don't go walking in there thinking you're going to get a snickerdoodle or something. It ain't Mrs. Fields. The rest of the stuff they got in there is top notch too. Almost every time you will get something that is hot right out of the oven. Nothing really sits there. They leave a bench out front for fainting and heart palpitations that you might experience. It's that good.
Oh. So. Scrumpdiddillyumptuously good. What's not to like about a big, generous, heaping mound of moist cookie & chocolate? I love my cookies more on the soft/chewy side and love when it's slightly underbaked. These cookies ... they're just ... I mean ... wow ... I have no words.
Thanks be to God I don't live anywhere near this place.   A native New Yorker friend tipped me off on this place a number of years ago, and It's one of those places I take the special trip when I have company in town.   I can't say what flavor is best, but I will say that the cookies are perfectly crispy on the outside, and gooey and brownie like on the inside.  It's been at least a year since I've been there, but I can actually taste the cookie as I write this.   I'm not a religious man, but I entusiastically worship these cookies.
ok 4.5 (if only for the price and for the not so craziness for the choc peanut butter....read below) You don't even have to go in to this small semi-hidden store-front to smell the aroma of cookie batter or hear the sounds emanating from the radio inside and the voices from the bustling kitchen within. I'd read about these cookies, seen them featured on Food Network, seen pictures of them.....basically, I wanted my own shot at these mammoth cookies!! I bypassed the sticky buns (next time!!) and went for the oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip w walnut and chocolate peanut butter. Sucked it up and paid the 12 dollars (ouch, but come on, I had to try these things for myself) Let me just say, barring the slight pain in my arm from toting about two pounds of cookies home, these were well worth the trip. I wasn't crazy about the choc peanut butter only because I'm a real peanut butter lover and the peanut butter chips didn't really do it for me against the chocolate. Perhaps I'll give them another try. However, it was the best oatmeal raisin cookie i've ever had in my entire life--and i never miss a chance at an oatmeal raisin--they are my hands down favorite and this one was frickin heavenly. The chocolate chip walnut was absurd as well. The chunks of melty gooey chocolate, with the bits of walnut and crispy dough along the outside...I could break out into song right now. I microwaved them all for about 25 seconds which was a greeeeaat call because they were perfectly gooey-licious on the inside but were still flaky and crusty and firm on the outside. How the hell these ladies make them this way I'll never even begin to fathom. I must go back soon, when I've fully recovered...and finished the remaining half I saved in the fridge.
Well I am pretty sure my boyfriend is the ultimate cookie monster and he ordered 4 cookies and ate them ALL in about a 3 hour time frame.  It was ridiculous.  The cookies however, were absolutely incredible.  Freshly baked, chocolatey and gooey, and delicious.  I will be going back for more and more cookies...
I'm not a cookie lover but all i can say is "super amazing cookies! the best i've ever tasted!" yes i will go back and will definitely share it with friends!
Amazing bakery tucked in around the corner from Amsterdam Avenue.  Their cookies are enormous and so delicious.  They also have great breakfast pastries (some kind of cinnamon pastry that is to die for).  No place to sit inside, but just two blocks from Central Park so pick up your treat and head over to enjoy it outside!
Fabulous crispy yet chewy!! Amazing and that's just chocolate chip!
Decent brunch for the price and location but nothing spectacular ... Service is a but slow especially since there aren't even that many tables and it isn't too busy . Went looking for the korilla good truck because we were still hungry after !
Can I go over 5 stars?  I was cleaning my kitchen (read: looking for a snack because we have no food), and I found on our counter the box of cookies from 10 days ago, with one peanutbutter chocolate cookie left.  And I ate it. It was like the cookie part of my previous description got cookier and the cakey part remained soft.  I'd say stale, 10 day old cookies from Levain are still better than the best foot forward from most places.
BEST OATMEAL RAISIN COOKIE I'VE HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!! Warm in the middle and crisp around the edges.. just the way I like it. And it's bigger than the size of my fist.. Perfection.
My favorite place to get a cookie in the city. It is massive, not too sweet, and just the right amount of gooey. My favorite is the chocolate chip with walnuts.
There is absolutely no other cookie in New York City that rivals Levain's Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie. Sure, there are many Rihannas, Nicki Minaj's, and Adele's of the cookie world (Baked, Choice Market, Bouchon) but Levain is hands down the Beyonce', the reigning Queen diva of cookies in the Big Apple. Each one is a meal in itself, best eaten piping hot, the walnuts perfectly integrated into the decadent, doughy goodness, a virtual orgasm of chocolate leading the crest of this opulent wave. Yes, it's $4, but there really is nothing I'd rather spend $4 on, except maybe a copy of Rick James's "Fire it Up" on vinyl, but that's another story... The other baked goods are pretty swell, but of course it's the aforementioned cookie that inspires me to make the 50 minute trek up from Brooklyn to the UWS. The neighborhood clientel can be a bit feisty, though. I can't think of another bakery where I've repeatedly had middle-aged men and women anxiously cut in front of me like a group of 3rd graders at Six Flags, but that's the only con I can think of...
This is definitely one of the best cookies, I've ever tasted.  You get what you pay for.  Each cookie is $4, however it is such a big cookie, you can share it with someone. Chocolate walnut cookie- Big, soft, chewy and crunchy with the walnut.  The chocolate oozes out of the cookie.  I sat and ate it with milk.  What a delight.  I got my husband the Oatmeal Raisin.  My husband said it was the best oatmeal raisin cookie he ever had.  We both had it with milk.  It was so good that my husband went two days later to buy a bunch.  I was thankful to eat another chocolate walnut cookie with milk.   I love the chocolate walnut cookie, but my husband love the oatmeal raisin cookie the best.   Oatmeal Raisin-  4 stars Chocolate Walnut Cookie- 5 stars Peanut butter chocolate- 5 stars
Chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip, and chocolate chip pb.  We split all 3 between 4 people and it was delicious...and kinda food coma-inducing. Definitely split with a friend.
I don't have much of a sweet tooth (I'd rather have truffle fries than an ice cream sundae), but Levain has almost swayed me with their chocolate peanut butter cookie. I'm not sure I'd wait in that long line for them, and they're definitely overpriced.  However, if you're a cookie person, this is a splurge you need to enjoy a few times.  They're pretty amazing.
i agree with kelly c. it's $4 for a cookie which is RAW inside. i love large, chewy cookies just as much as the next girl, but this was just plain uncooked dough on the inside. :( similar to the per se chocolate chip cookie, but per se's is baked all the way through! my bf got the oatmeal cookie and it was the same. i'd still go back, though, because i want to try their sticky buns!
Preface: I am now more focused on quality and am always looking for a great deal (read: value). Less meat, no more 2 Chipotle burrito eating. Awesome and huge cookies. At $4 a pop, it's a bit on the pricier side, but not without reason - the cookie is probably about a 8 oz. cookie at the very least. The cookie resembles a scone and may be confused for one, but don't be fooled. When you bite into it, it's like you just met your friend's totally cooler twin. Step aside, sconey. It's filled with soft, rich, and chewy cookie dough done to a medium well - which, in steak terms, translates to a medium rare. If you get an excellent batch, the cookie dough in the middle is just about done but still has a slight amount of gooey-ness goodness. If you get a mediocre batch, the cookie dough in the middle is cooked through and through. Occasionally, Levain produces said mediocre batch, so say bye-bye to the ever elusive 5-star constellation. The cookies are delicious and sweet, and satisfies the sweet tooth that seeks a pleasantly sugared experience. Each bite is just as good as the next. You'll need an order of milk with your cookie to balance out the sweetness - whole milk, of course. Come here and you won't be disappointed - a cookie in one hand, a glass of milk in the other, and you might just find yourself feeling extra generous as you make your rounds with Donner and Blitzen.
It's a decent cookie, but I don't know what all the fuss is about. I tried one of the chocolate chip walnut cookies ($4.00). It's a little bit hard on the outside, but gives way to softness on the inside. The chocolate chips are pretty sweet and take over the taste of the cookie (as if the dough is just a binder to hold it together ). It's slightly larger than the size of a fist and isn't chewy. The inside of the bakery is tiny, warm, and smells of baked goods. However, I know enough to say the smell of a cookie doesn't have much to do with it's taste. There are four types of cookies to choose from.
To all the raw dough haters... this place is not for you. To those of US who grew up taking their time, scraping every last bit of cookie dough from the bowl these cookies will make you cry tears of joy.
Small, cute bakery in the UWS. I got here around 5:15pm and luckily there was no line but 10 minutes later, the line was out the door. Crazy. Anyway, I got the Chocolate Walnut Cookie. All their cookies are $4 and it's a pretty steep price to pay for a cookie but you'll forget about it after the first bite. The cookies are huge and heavy. The appearance will make you think that it's a hard cookie but it's just the outer layer that's crunchy. Everything inside is soft. Once you break the cookie, you'll see layers of soft, chewy dough, chocolate pieces, and whole pieces of walnut. Just perfection. The plan is to try all their different types of cookies, I think there's only 4? It's hard to eat an entire cookie in one sitting. It took me 3 days!
Completely over-rated (and overpriced) cookies. I could make the same thing in my oven. All you have to do is make your balls of cookie dough so big that they don't fully cook and you've got a Levain Cookie. As a matter of fact, Zacahary said "the inside is almost like cookie dough" ... well, that's because it IS cookie dough. Granted, the cookie was BIG... but I read an earlier review that said if you only go to one place in NY - GO HERE - and I did ... and I was less than impressed and slightly pissed at myself for wasting my time on this cookie. Now that I think about it, I am going to open my own 'Levain' in Washington DC. The difference is that I will sell cookie dough and CALL IT 'cookie dough' - not a cookie.
You haven't lived until you've had a chocolate chip walnut cookie from Levain. Confession: there was a stretch when I first moved to the city that I would occasionally(?) eat these for breakfast when the delicious smell of cookies wafting down the street would entice me into the shop en route to work. Yay diabetes. Go on a weekday and you'll skip the ridiculous line that extends down the block on Saturdays & Sundays. One softball-sized cookie is enough gooey sweetness for 2-3 people.
Hands down. Without a doubt. Not a question in the world. THIS bakery is what you need to try when you come to New York. The perfect act of love that I wish I could do is send these cookies overnight to my family so that they too can be swept away in sugary bliss.
Believe the hype, these really are that good. They ship well too!
The best cookies in the world. Still trying to understand how they manage to it. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it
Everyone raved about these cookies right before I went to NYC, so I had to try them out. (That, and the fact that my boyfriend would've dragged me there anyway since he's a huge fan as well).  The aroma coming out of the bakery is fantastic, with trays and trays of cookies being baked every day.  The line is, of course, pretty long for a small place like this, but it's worth the wait for you to get up to the counter to see and smell these yummy cookies.  I bought the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies - both were extremely decadent and rich.  My boyfriend kept saying that he wouldn't allow me to eat an entire cookie on my own in fear of me developing diabetes on the spot, but I think it was just a ploy for him to share the cookie with me. ;) Levain definitely has the craft down - huge six-ounce cookies with a crispy exterior and a gooey interior at only $4 each.  However, the gooey interior is actually just uncooked dough. Maybe I'm not a huge cookie (or chocolate)  fan/addict, but I think there might be too much hype about these cookies. Nevertheless, these cookies are probably one the best cookies I've had in a while, but I think it's more because of the novelty of trying giant freshly-baked cookies that have been showcased on the Food Network.
Mmmm cookies!!! They are huge, perfect amount of crisp on inside with a gooey surprise on the inside. You won't be sorry you stopped.
I was torn, I'd say 3 stars for the other items, 4 stars for the cookies. ATMOSPHERE: Small, I think there was one table or bench but it's located underground (you have to step downstairs) and order at the front.  There's a bench outside but you have to look out for it on the side street. FOOD: We got the cinnamon brioche, regular brioche and oatmeal raisin cookie. The brioche was disappointing - maybe I was thinking it would be like the brioche from 85 degrees (soft and buttery) but it was more like a biscuit/scone texture.  Don't get me wrong it was still good, but not as good as I was hoping.   The cookie was good.  Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside  - again, more of a scone like texture because it was thicker and more dense. But like I said - very 4 star. This place disappointed me :\  I was hoping for a blow me away bakery, it was good, don't get me wrong. Just not super impressed.
I think that some people would miss this place if they walk by too fast..The main counter and shop is down some steps, and a very tiny space. But their cookies are large, and in charge! My favorite is the double chocolate chip.
Most amazing cookies EVER, they are FAT/OBESE and so incredible. I really liked the chocolate chip walnut, despite the fact that I think nuts are usually irritating in cookies. They should really change their name to Levain Cookies or something because they don't have a lot of baked goods aside from these. A couple brioche buns and some soft banana loaf items, but nobody really goes for them. The bakery interior is quite cramped and tiny, so it's definitely a buy-and-split kind of place. You walk down these tiny narrow stairs and the display case (also tiny and narrow... seeing a trend here) is totally meager. I came here twice so I know it's definitely some kind of marketing ploy to make you think they're almost out of the cookies. But never fear, they are constantly churning out these massive, boulder-sized goodies! Tried both the oatmeal raisin and the chocolate chip walnut and all I can say is you will kick yourself if you don't get the chocolate chip!
My bf and I got 2 cookies here, the chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate peanut butter.  We sat out on their bench and was satisfied with the first bite.  It was moist on the inside and had a good texture on the outside.  We ate about half each and had to rush back to return our bikes.   Now you know its a darn good cookie if your riding a bike and that is all you can think about.  When we finally hopped on the train... we devoured the rest of the cookies.  As we were chewing, we were debating "the secret is..." hahah Long story short.... It's a perfect cookie!  Can't wait to get another one!
I used to come here twice a week when I was studying at the Natural Museum of History.  Now, I just dream of this place.  Their cookies are perfectly cooked--the way you would dream how cookies should be baked.  Perfectly giant and baked thoroughly.  Moist in the middle, outside soft yet hard and grooooolllllll... the chocolate, it is melty but more importantly, not overwhelming. You won't even need milk.
After a bitterly cold bike ride in Central Park, I was ready for some coffee and nourishment and Levain Bakery was just the place. Like all the other reviewers have stated, go here for the cookies. I fell in love with the peanut butter chocolate one, pretty darn delicious. The people working at Levain are so kind and will talk to you all day about their amazing baked goods. The only reason I didn't give Levain 5 stars is that the coffee wasn't for me, it was a little on the bitter side, and that the store cannot seat more than about 4 people at once. I love that the store is so small and quaint but it makes it difficult in colder weather! I am sure there are lines out the door of this bakery in the spring and summer.
YUM! This place lives up to the hype.  The cookies are unbelievable.  I went here during a complete downpour and got soaking wet but it was totally worth it.
I have heard from so many people in the neighborhood about these cookies I decided to try them.  I bought 3 cookies (chocolate choclate, chocolate peanut butter and Chocolate chip walnut) at $4 a piece.  I really dont understand the hype.  The Chocolate chip walnut was very well done on the outside but that done on the inside.  The other two were ok but I will stick to Trader Joes Highbrow cookies.
5 stars for the smell alone in the store.  damn.
So yummy!! The best cookie I've had in my life. I can't wait to come back to get more!! Hope I were living next to this cute bakery store!!
Let's just put it this way, saying that this place has the best cookies in the world is an understatement.  Truly deserving of 5 yelp stars. Dark chocolate choco chip cookie and the walnut choco chip cookie are my 2 favorite cookies (note - the dark chocolate cookie is seriously chocolaty so if that is not your thing stay away). The cookies are huge, slightly crispy on the outside and chewy and chocolaty on the inside. What many people don't know is that chocolate chip brioche is as good (as the cookies (tip - they often sell out by afternoon on the weekends). Diet for a month....get a cookie and brioche..and then plan on dieting for another month. But I assure you it will all be worth it.
No one will ever date me again if they see me eating those dark chocolate chips peanut butter cookies!! It was a lovely Saturday afternoon, I just danced for two hours and felt I was about to faint if I didn't eat something sweet. So yes, I shouldn't have, but yes, I went to Levain. I knew it would end up really ugly, but I still went. I remember the first time I stopped by Levain, I saw a couple squatting in front of this tiny bakery, holding a monster cookie, with chocolate and cookie crumbs all over their faces, giggling with annoying sounds like Santa's "hohoho"......I remember I gave them a look saying "luckily you two found each other." And then, I went in and out Levain with a dark chocolate chip peanut butter cookie...... It was a huge mistake to eat them right out of the oven on the street! Because before I realized, I gave out  that "hohoho" laugh the first second my tongue touched this soft chunky babe.....I quickly wrapped the rest of the cookie and pushed it into the bottom of my bag, then started rushing on the street. I walked so freaking fast to get home, pour a cup of milk, place my laptop on my bed desk, puff my pillow and squat in my bed. When everything had been settled, I unwrapped the rest of that cookie, ate the whole thing with cold milk and hulu..........that was so bloody fantastic!!!!
This is the best cookie in NYC!! Try this, it's a MUST!
Levain's cookies are not your typical cookies.  They look more like scones.  But I don't care what they look like-- these things are so goddamn good! I've been going to this place for years & I'm glad they haven't messed around too much with their formula-- they still offer the same 4 cookie varieties (chocolate chip walnut, chocolate chocolate chip, chocolate peanut butter chip & oatmeal raisin), but it's too bad they've raised their prices so much.  And the crowds this place no draws (fuck you, Bobby Flay & your "Throwdown" show!) is a bit of a drag.. but not enough to keep my fat ass away! I used to live around the corner & let me tell you, it took sheer DISCIPLINE to not pop in for a fist-sized mound of cookie every time I walked by.  But when I did cave, my favorite was always the chocolate peanut butter chip.  I love how the cookie is slightly crispy on the outside & the tiniest bit gooey on the inside (except for their oatmeal raisin cookies, which I always found to be a bit on the dry side).  Also, these things are so big that it's almost impossible to eat an entire cookie (which I guess could be a good thing), so it helps to have someone to share with (plus you won't feel as guilty afterward). I guess it should also be worth noting that Levain doesn't just sell cookies.  (Their menu is still on the small side, but they offer lots of different breads & focaccia.)  I haven't tried too many of their other items, but I will say that the cinnamon brioche is particularly good.  (They also make some sandwiches on baguettes... I always meant to give one of them a try for lunch, but still haven't gotten around to it.)
Choco chip walnut! $4 is a little steep but you're really getting two (maybe three) cookies worth. I ate mine over a half hour period of time and still had to save the last bite for later. And I was very hungry! Everyone is so right about the perfect texture (golden crisp outside, gooey interior). These are like eating tube cookie dough (if that cookie dough were fancy bakery quality) baked big, like a hockey puck. So good! The bakery is a tiny place with an awkward step-down/door situation, but they make it work. I hear there's sometimes a line but we didn't have to wait more than one person.
This place has the most amazing cookies! I make a trip there at least once every time I am back in the city and struggle valiantly to bring their amazingness home with me. I go back and forth about whether the chocolate cookie or chocolate chip walnut are the best. Unfortunately I never even try anything else. The cookies also impress well at parties and are big enough to share. I have not actually weighed them but they are a large handful of yumminess.
$4 for the Best. Cookie. Ever. (no exaggeration).
My FAVORITEEEEE PLACE to go just for their Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie!!!! Wherever I am staying at in New York.. I have to stop by this place at least once! The cookie is so soft that it literally just melts in your mouth!!!!! Delicious!!!!!!! :D Today I actually tried Chocolate filled Sourdough for the first time and it was gooood! We actally used the cookie as a chocolate dip and the sourdough as the main part. Yummm! Highly recommended. People always ask me.. You go all the way to 72nd st. just for a cookie?! I simply say.. Yes, you won't understand until you've tried it. :)
chocolate walnut cookies. oh. my . goodness. get it.
The best Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie and Oatmeal Raisin cookie on Earth! I'm not kidding you. I must confess that this is the only place I don't feel guilty about for going directly from my 60 minutes workout session at the gym. How boring life would be without these guilty pleasures! Go for it and enjoy. Psst...giveaway...It's best going during weekdays, the line on weekends is ridiculously long. Not need for that, unless this is the only time you have available.
The Scones are great! The chocolate chip and walnut scone is great! The only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 is because it is a tiny space . You have to stand in line to get in.
OMG TEH K00KIES!@!!! The best choco cookie I've ever had my entire life. I ate it an hour ago and I'm still thinking about it. It's as if I *finally* lost my cookie virginity. It looks more like a scone than a cookie, but then you bite into it...and the cookie goodness just melts into your soul. Go there, pony up the three bucks and enjoy. DO IT NOW. -j
Cookies! Cookies! Cookies! Oh man! I was passing by with my girlfriend and saw the line... I didn't even know what it was for, but then I saw the name on the window, remembered that this place was #1 'Hot on Yelp' and got on line. The line looks long, but moves quickly. Four flavors: Chocolate chip + walnut, Oatmeal raisin, Chocolate chocolate chip, and Chocolate peanut butter chip. I got the chocolate chocolate chip for me and the chocolate chip walnut one for my girlfriend. The chocolate chocolate chip cookies are better than chocolate chip walnut ones. At $4, it's a little steep (more expensive than Doughnut Plant donuts...) but these cookies are big, and tasty, and moist, and the chips are melted and gooey. They also sell coffee and other drinks like milk, espresso, water, etc. The prices for these are not that bad. Small coffee is $1.25, large is $2. Friendly and quick employees. Nom nom nom nom.
Levain's cookies are teh holy grail for cookie lovers. They're all incredible, but if I had to rank them it would be: 1. Double Chocolate 2. Chocolate Peanut Butter 3. Chocolate Chip Walnut 4. Oatmeal Raisin. Make sure you ask for the most recently baked. To Ann L., Cupcakes are dead.
Yes, a rare 5-star review for moi.  Because this place simply deserves it. I first came to Levain Bakery not long after seeing the place highlighted on a Bobby Flay foodie show.  Now I don't have a very big sweet tooth.  In fact, it can go for months at a time not even showing its existence.  But as I write this it's making my mouth water for more Levain cookies.  Just look at the photos.  The best 25 lb. Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie delight on planet earth.  Well...perhaps not 25 lb., but my brain's chemical sensory proprioceptors think they are. I hit this place every chance I get when in NYC.  And it's no small hike for me, since I'm usually crawling around the LES & Chinatown during my NYC escapades.  But the haul is worth it.  In fact, due to that haul I end up getting two of something.  One to devour on the spot, the other to nibble away at contentedly on my walk through the neighborhood.  Such luxury. Levain Bakery's cookies are now a required narcotic fix during my visits to NYC.
Very good. A little advice though, get the large milk, not the small. The cookies are so big and so chocolatey, you need the big milk.
this place is a sweet tooth's dream. I have an unhealthy affinity for sweets but that also means i am extremely picky. this place is simple goodness. a short and sweet (har har) menu, no frills, no frou. if u want a frickin good and ginormous cookie, this is the place to go. i also got a slice of the sour cream coffee cake. it was so incredibly moist and well balanced in terms of cake:cinnamon. i hope to try their rolls next time
If you go to new york and love cookies like i love cookies than you must go here best darn cookies ever :) and that is saying a lot
best cookie i have ever had. thank you new york city. ooey gooey goodness in a huge cookie that is well worth the $4. walnuts and melted chocolate on the inside the slightly raw dough... thank you nyc!
This review is not a comparison review with other bakeries that sell cookies. Its solely about my own experience with their goodies. I bought the chocolate chip, valrrhona roll and banana chocolate chip. I love the cookies. It was huge, crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy in the inside( now were getting somewhere here!). The valrrhona roll was crusty( it was a hard roll for those expecting a soft one this is not for u) but the chocolate goodness inside was generous almost overwhelmingly sinful( that much chocolate should be illegal in a breakfast roll...just sayin)! Now the reason i took one star off was the banana chocolate chip roll. It was dry and hard. Maybe because i got the very end of the bread but still. But otherwise, i love my experience here. Cant wait to go back and try the rest of their goodies!
I was so über excited to get my dark chocolate peanut butter cookie from this place.  I'm a huge sucker for both peanut butter AND cookies that fall apart in your mouth.   -Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup: Well...I have to say, a disappointment.  The cookie didn't ooze.  It was just a normal dark chocolate chip cookie with peanut chips in it.  So instead of consuming it at that moment, I took it with me to the office to save for later to heat up.  Now I know from experience from microwaving cookies that you need to be really careful so that the cookie doesn't get that "microwave taste"--you know the one where the dough tastes kinda burnt even though the chips aren't completely melted.  Well I watched it carefully but I think that taste is unavoidable.  The cookie certainly tasted better warm but was nothing to rave about.   -Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie: Ok, this time it did have an oozy middle. So that's good. It's definitely a good cookie, but I find the crust to be a bit too hard. Once I ate away at the crust I was able to enjoy the inside mushiness of the chocolate and somewhat hardness from the walnuts. I just may be a fan. FINAL VERDICT:  Too bad they aren't consistently oozy which they are known for...
I am a big cookie fanatic. Quiet honestly, I have probably eaten over 100 different types of cookies all around the world and this has been the best cookie experience ever. On a visit to visit my sister, we walked 25 minutes in New York just to find this bakery shop. We had been recommended by one of our friends who was so intent and pushy with us going there and trying their famous cookies. Thank the lord that we actually went. I must say, when I sat down on that park bench and took a bite into that cookie, I felt like Ratatouille from that Disney movie. Every time he took a bite of food, he would see colors and hell yeah, I SAW COLORS. The cookie has two different sides to it; I don't know how the bakery has perfectly evened it out. It has this crunchy texture with intact chocolate chips that would melt in your mouth and then there's the gooey, soft inside where you want to savor every bite. The only downside is the price of it is kind of pricey. As a cookie fanatic, I tend to buy in bulk and paying $16 for 4 cookies is not exactly something I am fond of. I do love Levain Bakery and I am sad to be back in San Francisco, where there is not one location around here. If I ever do go back to NY, you will probably see me impatiently waiting in the long lines of Levain Bakery and then when I finally get in, I'm buying out the store.
most amazing chocolate chip walnut cookie ever! It's science...check it out. Worth the $$ to enjoy cookie perfection.
NYC FOODAPOLOOZA STOP #10 this is another MUST when visiting nyc. we shared the outrageously large chocolate chip cookie and dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. they were served fresh from the oven...warm and gooey. they were definitely some super delicious cookies, but my poor palette was a little over sweets (i never thought i'd see this day come...oh, wait, it happened at the ghiradelli square chocolate festival). either way, i totally want to add this to my next nyc list. the cookies are divine and that's all there is to it. i'm at a loss for words...that should say it all. they make me speechless.
Levain delivers. Giant. Gooey. And just enough crunch on the outside. Outstanding cookies. My personal fav is the chocolate chip walnut; best cookie I've ever had. There's four flavors: choco chip walnut, peanut butter, double chocolate and raisins. The two I've had (choco chip walnut and double chocolate chip) were incredible. These things are heavy--maybe a two pounds plus. Buy a few and save them for the next day; they're just as delicious. Mine lasted a week, plopped in the microwave for 13-15 seconds and it's just perfect. Top it off with ice cream and weep. Insane. As any other shop in the city, it's pricey, small and cramped inside, and there's always a line--it moves fast and it's worth it. But, you can't really eat it inside. So, hang out on the streets to meet and greet the city peeps.
Cookies are my biggest weakness when it comes to sweets. The cookies at Levain do not disappoint. They are huge and can definitely be consumed in multiple eatings--if you have enough self control that is. This is a must try for anyone who has a hankering for cookies like I do.
I was in the Central Park area with a friend and we were both starving, so we checked Yelp and found Levain. With 1400+ reviews, how could we resist? We walked the block or two from Central Park to the bakery and could immediately smell the scent of baking cookies. There was a decent line winding out of the bakery, but the wait is definitely worth it. I got the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie, and while it was $4, it was enormous and rich and delicious. I could only eat half. I also recommend getting a roll (only $1!) or something similar to cut the sweetness of the cookie after you eat it. If I wasn't lactose-intolerant, this would have been amazing with milk!
Its tiny and crowded but well worth the wait. The perfect place to pick up a cookie and a cup of coffee before spending the day in Central Park.
It would be an injustice to simply refer to the treats crafted here as "cookies." They look more like mounds of semi-finished batter and are certainly the gooiest "cookies" I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Levain relies on the obvious fact that the center of the cookie is the best part, so they load up as much of the delicious cookie stuff they can right in the center. The bakery is known for its chocolate chip walnut, but as a peanut butter and chocolate guy, I couldn't pass up that option when I went in. Both cookies are unreal, but the peanut butter and chocolate is probably the best cookie I've ever eaten. I mean, Cookie Monster would lose his cool and start swearing on Sesame Street if he got to taste one of these. They're that good. I myself walked more than three miles with my girlfriend on back to back days just for the one cookie. One thing also worth noting is that although the cookies and gooey and delicious, they are not too rich to eat all at once. I used to think Two Little Red Hens had my Manhattan baked goods of choice, but they have now been replaced. Bravo Levain
Chocolate chip cookie - good.  A little too sweet but that's just my preference!  Would return to buy items for gifts.
You have not lived until you try this cookie ! I am litterly so surprised that anyone can rate this below 5 stars this deserves 20 haha! I am the biggest Cookie Monster on earth and this surpassed my expectations. The chocolate chip walnut cookie was beyond anything I have ever tried!   I'm speechless basically all I have to say is that I've traveled a lot and tried many different cookies worldwide and this place is by far #1 on my list hands down !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best cookies in New York. Simple. You cannot tell me otherwise. F*** what you heard about Schmackery's, etc...these $4 mounds of gooey goodness are like a hug from Jesus. The staff is wonderful and the place is quaint. Just don't expect to sit down and enjoy this melty morsel. The place is small (which I love) and meant for high turnover (it's quite popular), so grab that goober and go!
What's Levain Bakery like? Lemme put it like this: even Cookie Monster would fall into a food coma. Believe the hype Yelpsters!
Most. Incredible. Cookie. Ever. Both the chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin are to DIE for. I am apprehensive about getting the double chocolate because I feel it would result in a heart attack...maybe after beach season. If you can catch them out of the oven, they simply MELT in your mouth. It's just a gigantic mound of dense awesome sweet gooeyness of joy. I'm salivating thinking about it while dieting.
FOOD: Chocolate Chip Walnut - lightly crispy outside, gooey inside, dense/large/heavy (maybe 1 lb?), (usually) warm $4/cookie: expensive but WORTH IT I am not a huge fan of walnuts in cookies, but this cookie is simply the best chocolate chip cookie in the US
i almost want to give this 4 stars because it needs to be further away from the 1,2,3 train. it's too easy to get here! and i need an excuse to walk off the calories! get the choc walnut cookie. it's amazing. i've gotten all 4 of the flavors (no i didn't eat them all in one sitting! i stood up a few times) All good cookies- but for sure the choc walnut is a must. $4 a piece, but it's one of those things that just makes sense after you've done it.
I came here on my trip to Manhattan in search of a New York bagel. I searched on my  Yelp app and found them near by where I was, but sadly they don't sell them.   I decided to get a few consolation cookies as to not make the trip a total fail.  I chose the chocolate chip and walnut.  The cookies were gigantic, about three times the size of a normal cookie and very thick.  After my first bite I was convinced that the Devil himself worked in that bakery.  It was the best think I ate in New York hands down.  The next time I'm in NYC this will be my first stop.
Very interesting that I can't find my review on Levain Bakery yelp page. From what I read the company being review has the option to simply delete the negative reviews from their page just showing all the positive reviews. Pretty bias if you ask me..
Wow, and I walked 31 blocks for these??  As a baking person and cookie lover, I was not impressed by these cookies.  I was so excited to finallyl get to Levain while in the City.  Teeny tiny bakery smelled great.  Cookies all looked great, so we decided to buy 4 and bring them home.  The choc. chip walnut cookie was borderline burnt, and tasted the same.  The best of the bunch was the dark choc. peanut butter.  The general concensus of the family was that these cookie must have a shelf life of a couple hours after coming out of the oven.  Overall, we was pretty disappointed.  I've had so much better elsewhere.  It's too bad because I couldn't wait to taste these!
Best cookies I've had in NYC, hands down. They are huge (split with a friend if your stomach isn't ready for a sugar bomb!). They are a good mix between dough-y and cakey, which they achieve by slightly underbaking them. This results in an amazing gooey center which I love. They are a bit pricier than an average cookie, but that is because these cookies are massive. You can easily split one with a friend, although I regularly eat them by myself too :) I think they are a good value for what you get. They have four flavors, and the double chocolate is my favorite. Followed by the chocolate chip walnut. Do yourself a favor and try out this cookies shop. Even if there is a line, they are worth the wait!
Best. Cookies. Ever. I've tried all the flavors, they're all delicious. Totally worth waiting in line and paying $4 for one.
I can't express how much I love their cookies (especially the chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate chip), except that I salivate like a rabies-infected animal when I think of them. Really.  They're orgasmic.
There are tons of bakeries in the city, but not many produce little morsels of awesomeness like Levain Bakery. Their cookies are as good as advertised. One cookie is a meal within itself and I wouldn't be mad at you if you attempted to eat with a fork and knife. It's real big--that's what she said! Their dark chocolate chocolate chip could give you diabetes with just one bite. It's packed with tons and tons of dark chocolate. It almost taste like a fudge brownie but instead is a mountain of a cookie. Their oatmeal raisin cookie is equally outstanding. It's not dominated by raisins like many oatmeal cookies and that's a good thing. Prices are extremely justifiably when you see the size of these cookies. It's impossible to eat a whole one by yourself. In fact, you could buy just one and probably feed a village. To give you an idea of Levain's greatness; on Zagat the best score you can receive is a 30. Places like Magnoila Bakery scored a 16 and Ferrara Bakery & Cafe a 23, but Levain Bakery is a 28. Somebody owes them 2 more points.
These cookies completely expanded my understanding of WHAT COOKIES CAN BE.  They are amazing.  I had one choc chip cookie and one chocolate with pb chips cookie.  SO amazing, particularly the chocolate chip cookie, and particularly with coffee. Other things: - There are only about five seats (stools), so don't plan to eat here.   - Cookies are $4/pop.  Well worth it, though.
THE BEST chocolate chip walnut cookie!! moist and chewy dough, and crumbs! Definitely will come back to try dark chocolate chip cookie, and other sorts of bread they have.
Their cookies are amazing! I've never seen such thick cookies. The double chocolate chip is especially delicious. That, a cold glass of milk, and you're good to go.
I am a sucker for a chocolate chip cookie in general, and Levain's has held its place as my favorite in the city for a long while now.  The chocolate chip with walnuts or the double chocolate are my favorites, but essentially you can't go wrong here.  Make sure to get a water to wash it down, these things are rich!  Always amazing, and always worth the wait.
YUMMY!!!! I visited my friend in NY and she refused to let me leave without stopping at this bakery (She knows I'm a sweets junkie). The cookies here are unbelievably delicious. A slightly hard shell on the outside, warm and soft on the inside. I managed to inhale one of these suckers within 5 minutes. I even bought a few for my coworkers back home and they can't stop talking about it. The Chocolate Chip Peanut butter cookie was so good, my coworker had to stop working for 10 minutes just to savor the moment.
Might be the best chocolate chip cookie I have ever tasted. Amazing.
Great googa mooga. Yes these suckers are humungous. Yes these suckers are expensive as shit, I mean come on, $4 for a cookie? Will I stuff my face silly every time I go? You bet your cookie loving ass I will!!! These cookies should be called cookie comas, you really don't want to be doing a lot of moving after you eat one of these. lol These cookies are dense as shit. They are big, heavy and slightly greasy. But they are perfectly chewy, slightly crunchy and one of my favorite cookies. I do feel this place is a one trick pony though The food: Chocolate Chip Walnut- this is their signature dish. It's the reason you come all the way to the UWS. The cookie is so awesome on so many levels. It has a slight crunch, but when you get to the center it's ooey gooey from the chocolate yet has a slight chew from the cookie itself. Love Love Love this cookie. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Oatmeal Raisin Cookie- It's a very good oatmeal raisin cookie, it did feel like a scone though. It was a very moist and chewy cookie, but still comes second to the Chocolate Chip Walnut. Sour Cream Coffee Cake- a very respectable coffee cake. It's nice and moist, the center cinnamon filling is a nice surprise.
I love these cookies.  They are so thick and gooey, filled with melted chocolatey goodness.  Probably one of the best cookies I have ever had in my life.
Cookie Heaven My real estate broker  bought us two cookies from Levain Bakery this past weekend.  I see how she is.  I feel like I am a junkie now.  I can see myself calling my broker at 3am, "Hey... so do you have any COOKIES?  'cuz I'm out.  I need it.  Seriously.  *starts crying*" Must... Have... Cookie... *glazed look in my eye* There were two cookies in the box.  A large chocolate chip and walnut cookie and a double chocolate chip cookie.  I preferred the walnut cookie, and my wife the double chocolate.  That worked out well.   Levain Bakery?  WITHOUT A DOUBT WORTH THE VISIT!
Expectant moms beware: These cookies are so good they may induce labor. At least the chocolate and peanut butter chip did for me.
Cookie cakes are what these things are. They are ginormous and decadentlyyyy deliciousss. My favorite is the Chocolate Walnut, followed by the Dark Chocolate Chocolate, and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup. Not a big can of Oatmeal Raisin in general, but still good, just not my fave. The cookies are always fresh and warm with the chocolate chips gooey and getting all over your fingers and clothes. I'Il always try to tell myself that I will save half for later, but the cookies usually never make it to my apt. Cookies are $4 each and you'll be craving a giant glass of milk so bring a few extra dollars for that. No room to sit really minus a few seats and there's usually a line but moves fairly quickly. Copious amounts of butter used- must stop by when roaming the upper west!
Levain came HIGHLY recommended by a friend so we decided we had to go. I was not disappointed. The cookies are super unique: crumbly, huge, and delicious! We got the walnut chocolate chip and the dark chocolate with nuts. Just as a warning, they are really sweet so get some water with them....and enjoy!!
walking down the stairs into that tiny stuffy hot bakery where they happen to make the best damn chocolate chocolate chip cookies i have ever had is an experience unto itself. happily enough, i did not break my neck down the stairs and got to have the mind blowing experience. i will not be back here for a bit though, because if i do return i fear i will just keep going back and not be able to stop. the slightly crunchy outer layer, the soft mmmy inside-it can almost not even be called a cookie, because i've never heard of a two inch high cookie. but i guess as long as they taste that good, they can call those suckers whatever they want.
Went to this place in March, had a chocolate chip cookie, and my life hasn't been the same since. Life-altering cookie. Get your a** over to this place and commit carbicide. It is worth it.
My all time favorite cookie maker. Thick, heavy, and doughy, with lots of chocolate /  peanut butter chips. I'd be in trouble if I lived any closer to this bakery.
ok..it's official i now crave their choc. chip walnut cookie and nothing else seems to compare. i know their recipe is top secret and i'm a pretty bad baker but one day i plan to try out (and somehow master) one of the many copy-cat recipes floating around so i don't have to make a special trip to the west side and spend $4/ per cookie
Really amazing bakery that lives up to the hype. We got one of all the cookies they had and devoured them! There was a line out of the door and took about 15 minutes to order. It was well worth the wait! I can't wait to go back to try other things!
Might as well throw another five-star review onto the pile... Have I ever had a better cookie than Levain's original chocolate chip-walnut? I don't think so. Crispy on the outside and ooey gooey on the inside, with just the right amount of crunch thanks to the walnuts, this scone-sized monstrosity is sheer perfection. You may scoff when you see the $4 price tag, but as soon as you take your first bite, you'll see it's more than worth it.
Oh my f-ing God. Holy crap. Shut UP! No f-ing way! These were among my thoughts as I took my first bite into a cookie made by Levain bakery.  It was late on a weekday and they were getting ready to close up shop.  I was having dinner in the area and wanted to try these legendary cookies out.  I had heard the legends of gigantic cookies that were so big people had to share ONE.  I had heard their flavor was pure awesome, but see, I've had my fair share of cookies in my time from mass produced to those heavenly coconut ones at Birdbath, so this had some serious expectations to satisfy. Levain is a few steps down into a tiny shop where there is a counter with a few stools and a glass display case where baked goods are displayed.  A few shelves behind the counter have loaves of bread and that's it.  The rest is all room for the baking and magic to occur. That doesn't stop lines from forming however.  When I went in, I bought two of their last eight cookies of the night and right as I was leaving, six more people swooped in to get the rest! The staff is friendly but I caught them at the end of the day so they were understandably tired. As I returned to the restaurant where my friends were waiting, I divided up one dark chocolate chip cookie and one peanut butter chip cookie amongst *eight* people and we all managed to get a good sized chunk to try out. So how were they?  Gooey on the inside, crispy on the outside, massive and every bite felt absolutely, wonderfully sinful.  In other words, it was like no other cookie I've ever had. I think I just drooled writing this review.  If that doesn't tell you how good this place was, nothing will!
HOLY HELL! Delicious! The cookies are awesome. Thick, heavy, full of ingredients, and cooked to warm gooey perfection. The small little ordering area can be tough to navigate if it's crowded - but the heavenly smell that fills your nostrils makes it all worth it. I wish I lived closer to Levain so I could get my cookie fix every weekend (or daily...).
When I hears the words "The best tasting [blank] I've ever had", I try my best to rearrange my day to make a detour and source out the foodie find. Hence getting lost in Harlem was worth the trip to Levain Bakery. This bakery is sublevel and you walk down a few steps to a grotto of carbo-goodness. Like many places in NYC, it's small and operates efficiently. I can see the bakers and ovens working hard. The front of house is small and they offer a few and very delicious delectables. I was here for the cookies and bought 4, one of each flavour. There was chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, dark chocolate chocolate chip, and dark chocolate peanut butter chip. What I did not notice until plating it was that these cookies are the size of scones. I kid you not, it took me two days to finish a cookie. They really are delicious and you can taste the quality of the ingredients. It wasn't overly and artificially sweet, therefore my throat did not produce mucus as it would after eating poor quality chocolate. Do as the locals do: buy cookie, pull up to the bar and stool, then chug milk with your cookies.
The chocolate chip cookie is DELISH! I love thicker cookies, and these are humongous! Not too greasy with the perfect amount of chocolate chips and flavor. Warm it up in the microwave and it taste like it just got out of the oven. Yum
Really good, warm cookies and are bigger than you realize until you reach the halfway mark and are gasping for breath. Go back in, get that coffee, and keep fighting the good fight. You can finish it! Or just bring another friend to help you out. The chocolate peanutbutter is my favorite.
On my trip to NY, I got off the plane, got on a bus, walked a few blocks, then got a chocolate chip walnut cookie, which I proceeded to nibble on while making my way through Central Park. I'm more than glad that my friend tipped me off about the place! If I lived in NY, I'd be eating way too many of those crazy-good cookies.
Best cookies I have ever tasted.
whooooa nelly!  do not try to eat one cookie in a single sitting. levain's cookies are delicioso but coming to this bakery also introduced me to the upper west side so many years ago when i moved yere. 4 buckeroos for a cookie?  outrageous. however it is one bigass cookie. and your ass will definitely be bigger after eating it.  but it shouldn't stop you.  oatmeal raisin is my fave and i'm not really a chocolate fan, but the chocolate panut butter one is great too! as a fan of chewy cookies, this one is cooked to perfection-- chewy crspy cookie surrounding a soft slightly doughy center.  you must eat these!!  i heard their scones are great as well.
I'm Completely baffled about the rave reviews for this cookie. I guess This is not the way I like my cookie.   It's more like cake... For the price I don't care to be a repeat customer of the cookie. It didn't taste bad just not good enough to justify that price and the lines. Maybe I will pick something else another day.
I'd heard about this place from a few people and expected something extraordinary. I ended up meeting a friend here on a Sunday afternoon. The line was not too bad but unfortunately, so was the cookie. Simply not too bad, and definitely not as exceptional as I expected. What I did like was that it was warm and thick, and that I could have it with whole milk - a rare find in this fat-free crazy world. I will return because of the experience, not so much because its a great cookie.
I agree with everyone else, there's some conspiracy going on here.  They must put crack in here b/c I can NOT get enough of these cookies!   My friend introduced me to these beauties awhile back and I was sold from the first bite.   The chocolate peanut butter cookies are my all time favorite.  The chocolate chip walnut is also pretty amazing, as is the oatmeal raisin.  Haven't been able to branch out to try any others.  Last night picked up a slice of pumpkin loaf and yet again, blown away.   If you can wait until you get home to eat these babies, and if they aren't already warm fresh out of the oven, pop them in the microwave for 10 seconds....mmmmm!!!
I never, ever order cookies when I'm in a bakery. Why? In every other instance, I am always disappointed. My boyfriend hears (and luckily agrees with) the same spiel every time- my homemade cookies just taste better 99.9999% of the time. I'm sure yours do, too. Not at Levain. Thick and chewy on the outside, hot and soft on the inside, these are your grandmother's worst nightmare. Puffy, delicious treats that live up to the hype. Mmmm, fabulous. Make sure to order the Chocolate Walnut and Chocolate Chocolate Chip. And don't kid yourself- you'll never leave without a doggy bag for later :-)
here is the nyc sanitary report for your $4.00 cookie place a816-restaurantinspectio… Current Grade B Inspected on 10/03/2013 Restaurant LEVAIN BAKERY 167 WEST 74 STREET MANHATTAN 10023 212-874-6080 More Information 10/03/2013. "Critical" violations are displayed in red. Violation points: 15 Sanitary Violations 1) Evidence of mice or live mice present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. 2) Food contact surface not properly washed, rinsed and sanitized after each use and following any activity when contamination may have occurred. 3) Facility not vermin proof. Harborage or conditions conducive to attracting vermin to the premises and/or allowing vermin to exist. Disclaimer: The scores presented for recent inspections may not be final. Restaurants are entitled to a hearing to challenge citations issued by the Department, and successful challenges may result in a change to the score and/or grade issued at the time of the inspection. Some of the scores presented here may reflect inspection results that are being challenged but have not yet been adjudicated; the Department will update the information if it changes. Because of revisions to the inspection scoring system, inspections before July 27, 2010 cannot be converted into letter grades.
Hands down THE best cookies in all NYC. I am lucky to have a coworker who sometimes brings them down from the UWS to the office. Anytime she asks if we want some I order 4-5 cookies of all varieties. You can also find them at La Colombe coffee in SoHo. These are not you traditional perfectly round and thin cookies. They are giant gooey pieces of sweet heaveb that look like a molten volcano. The chocolate fudge and walnut are out of this world, but just go buy one of each. Your taste buds will thank me later. I need to get myself to their storefront, but for now ordering from my colleague will have to do.
The most wonderfully sweet thing I have ever put in my mouth. Huge, WARM, soft..your taste buds will be screaming in delight.  They only have 4 flavors but they are the classics: chocolate chip walnut, double chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin and chocolate peanut butter.  Have a bottle of water on hand, these gooey treats are intensely rich and flavorful.  They are the absolute best cookies I have ever had in my life.
Their classic chocolate chip walnut is delicious and big enough for two people to split. Their dark chocolate chip however was too rich for me, even though I have a sweet tooth. I would give 5 stars for the chocolate chip walnut, but only 3 for all of Levain since their dark chocolate chip disappointed and there is not a ton of variety among cookies.
pretty cute tiny shop (it's sub level so you actually have to walk down a few steps to enter), only small counter space seating, max 2-3 people right by the door way. More ideal to make your purchases and go to the park. I only tried the chocolate chip walnut cookie + double chocoalte chip cookie. Both were quite delicious. The texture is in between a cookie + a bread, so if you like very crisp/crunchy chocolate chipcookies, this is not for you. I'll try the oatmeal raisin next time, and folks it $4/cookie... but I had 1/2 for lunch and 1/2 after dinner b/c it was so dense.
The first thing you notice even standing outside the small shop is the intoxicating smell of chocolate and butter, beckoning you inside. Persuaded by the smell, I came here in two visits. The first time I ordered their oatmeal raisin cookie. The cookies here are the size of a hockey puck and are crunchy on the outside, and soft on the inside. The oatmeal raisin was studded with raisins, I felt there were too many. I did enjoy the cookie, but my problem with the cookie was that it was a bit sweet for my taste. I loved how the inside was slightly undercooked and gooey. The chocolate chip walnut I ordered on my second visit. Once again the outside was crisp and the inside was soft, though less gooey than the oatmeal raisin much to my disappointment. The chocolate chip walnut was very buttery and rich, and while tasty I would not say that it was the greatest chocolate chip cookie I have ever had. I liked the softness of these cookies and the fact that they come warm and slightly gooey in the center, but I must say I prefer my cookies thinner and chewier.
Best cookies in the world ! They are massive so I (try) to eat one over a couple of days. They are constantly baking fresh ones and they are often warm. Depending on when you go there can be a little line but it moves fast/ My favourite cookies are the chocolate peanut butter and the choc walnut. The cinnamon brioche is quite nice too. Staff are efficient and very friendly, especially considering how busy they can get. In the winter when it's freezing cold the cookies are even more amazing if that possible.
I would give 10 stars for their cookies! Amazing
I have eaten much better in NYC. The pastries are both underbaked and oversweetened. Given the high reviews I came back 3 times, in case the day/time was not a good one. Tasted everything in their menu, tasted twice these things reviewed the most from others.... Nothing to do, always the same result. Do not waste money on these very expensive pastry.
Wow! Can I just tell you about the BEST cookie I ever had! On a beautiful Sunday morning my wife and I decided to take a trip down to the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Using my Yelp App on my Droid phone we decided to stop by Levain Bakery. When we walked in the first thing that hit us was the delicious smells of all their baked goods! It was like we died and went to heaven! We got there and there was not much of a line. I think maybe three people were ahead of us. But by the time we were ready to order the line was now about 10-15 people long! We ordered four cookies, which they charge $4 a pop for, but the cookies are HUGE and each cookie is at least 6oz's! We got two Chocolate Chip Walnut and two Dark Chocolate Chip cookies! The Cookies are truly amazing! They have a nice crunch to the outside but inside they are soft, warm and chewy. Truly, THE BEST cookies we ever had! Today's trip to Manhattan was worth the trip for Levain Bakery's cookies! We will definitely be coming back to try all the other wares they have to offer.
Have you ever ate a cookie the size of your brain? Then go to Levain. Because you'll eat your brain's weight in chocolate- but it will be so damn good it won't matter if your head explodes. Levain's cookies are absolutely the most perfect cookie ever created. Dense as a brick, chewy and gooey on the inside, warm out of the oven, big as a baby's head. Who cares if it's $4 a cookie. I will gladly skip thousands of New York restaurants not-so-haute chocolate desserts for a bite of Levain's pastry brilliance. My vote goes to dark chocolate chip. But of course, the chocolate walnut is the most popular and has reason to be. Hell, get them all. If Cookie Monster could get his hands on one of these, I'm afraid he'd Dexter anyone in his way to get his puppet claws around some more. Luckily, he's not real- but I've taken the liberty to eat two of these bad boys in his honor.
Best chocolate chip walnut cookie I have ever had in my entire F'ing life.
when one desires a chocolate chip cookie, what are we really looking for? in a perfect world the cookie wears a crisp jacket, a soft dough fills the inside, sweet chocolate chips and whatever other delicious ingredients are found sporadically within, and it is served warm. not cool, not hot... warm. when you open the cookie, you look for the chocolate chips to melt inside and the dough to have that sugary, glisteny gleam. levain has outdone themselves in all these areas, and on top of that they have somehow managed to make it the most immense cookie.... ever. they are just massive. i wish people would stop calling these cookies ugly. it is not nice at all. they are the picture of beauty in my eyes. flawless! you can literally eat one cookie several times a day. a few bites are so sufficient that you can just save it for later. the gift that keeps on giving :) my favorite is the chocolate chip walnut.  $4 perfection. on a side note.. i was introduced to levain a few years ago when a friend of mine persisted on taking me here for the 'best cookie of my life'. the excitement i felt was comparable to my college graduation. when we got to the shop it was closed as they were preparing for a charity event the following day. as i stood outside fighting back tears, a woman inside (one of the owners) clearly saw my depressed state and invited us inside. they gave my friend and i cookies on the house, for really no reason at all. these are people who regardless of how many times are featured on the food channel and travel channel, are down to earth and truly appreciate how successful their business has become. you can see how delighted and proud they are watching people enjoy their desserts. this is how all businesses should be run! long live levain!
Whoa. Levain cookies are exceptional. So big you need to feed two mouths with one cookie. So rich you need to lay off sweets for a week after having your half. So decadent you'll want to come back for more. And more. And more. And then you'll probably get diabetes and stop going there altogether, but in the meantime... Enjoy!
why are these cookies so good? they are the bane of my diet. I just get near 74th street and I hear the siren-song of the Oatmeal Raisin whispering my name....
3.5 good cookies - oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip. a little pricey at 4 bucks a cookie but good to try.
Best. Cookie. Ever. Source: I've had every single cookie. Lost a star because the guy helping us had 1 speed, extra slow. It took 20 minutes for him to put 16 cookies into 4 boxes. I had him forgo tying the boxes up in the blue ribbon to save myself 45 minutes, meanwhile about a dozen people were helped and out the door behind me with various order sizes. Oh well, worth the wait.  I'll definitely be back.
I tried several well-known bakeries in Brooklyn and NYC but the cookies from Levain were by far the best baked goods I tried. In fact, this may have been the best chocolate chip cookie ice ever had! AMAZING!!!
The first thing I thought when I bit into my enormous, gooey, beautiful dark chocolate Levain cookie was, "This isn't a cookie."  It really isn't.  It's a strange, wonderful hybrid of cookie slash brownie slash cake.  I don't think you can compare this to something like Bouchon's flat cookies.  Because of some secret formula that they will not divulge (isn't it just more flour?) their cookies do not spread, but rather rise upwards and I think this thickness makes it into a different creation altogether. That said, they look rather pedestrian in the display case (the chocolate chip walnut actually looked so sconelike that I passed on it) and while a little surprised at the price, I didn't mind spending $3.50 per-- because I knew Yelp would not fail me.  And because of the thickness and denseness, it really is like you're getting several cookies worth out of it.  The fresh-faced guy plucked them right off the baking rack, and mine was still warm-- firm on the outside, with a fudgey cakey interior dotted with melty fudgy chunks.  I preferred this one over the chocolate peanut butter, finding the peanut butter flavor too overpowering with the already strong chocolate base. The place is cute and airy (hot airy today) and makes you feel like you discovered something special given its basement entrance.  A lot of locals popped in, and the staff knew them by name.  However, it's really hot in there and that delayed my cookie experience because I was schvitzing too much to enjoy the whole thing then and there.
Do I like paying more than $2 for a cookie? Not really. Here there was no choice, but after all the Yelp hype I had to see for myself and buy a $4 cookie. I had the chocolate chip walnut and ooooh man. Its huge, its chewy, it melts in your mouth. If I wasnt such a glutton it would have been hard to finish. Luckily Ive been training in the cookie eating olympics for years now. If you like your cookies thin and crisp this is NOT the place for you. They are doughy, fat little bastards, and I loved it. Space is tiny and cramped, dont expect to relax for too long, or at all for that matter. People be gettin pushy over da cookie!!
These cookies are a sin. They are a crime against humanity and a sin against all mankind. A sin is a sin, and I have known sin ladies and gentlemen.  I have stared into the abyss, and it has handed me a cookie in return.  These are the cookies in question.  Cookies only the devil himself could make.  Cookies that are meant to drag you down with them into infamy and debauchery.  Cookies that serve only to cater to your most base and bacchanal desires. These cookies are the taut nipple on the bosom of Satan's daughter.  If you eat more than 1/4 of 1/2 of 1 of these cookies, you are assured a place in the lowest, darkest, dankest level of hell itself. See you there.
I LOVE these cookies.  My co-worker brought in a huge box to the office and there wasn't a single complaint.  I had the chocolate chip with walnuts and it was super yummy and gooey inside.  However, I can't comment on the long lines that people complain about, but if you only buy them once in awhile, I think it's gotta be worth it.
dark chocolate chocolate chip was as amaze as everyone else above me wrote. small cookie shop - not a place to sit and catch up with an old friend as there's only a small bar top with maybe 4 bar stools. line gets long and people coming in and out ALL day long - its a place to get the best cookie in the 'hood and take a walk in the UWS!
Wow! I bought a cookie there. It was so tasty and such an energy booster... You have to come here to taste the sweet stuff.
I know this won't be popular in these parts but when I think of cookies from Levain, I think Chicago style pizza (as in the cookies are too thick to be called a cookie but they are deliciously decadent nonetheless).  Had the chocolate peanut butter chip.  Wished we would have taken some more back with us after our visit to NYC.  Service was pleasant.
Perfect milk + cookies! My favorite is the chocolate chip and walnut (not too sweet and has a great flavor depth)~
For a chocolate chip walnut cookie that good, it is worth going to when in NY and definitely worth waiting in line for (it moves quicker than you think)!
They have great cookies and other yummy breads, muffins and pizzas.  This is a great place to go have breakfast or even pick up some yummy goodies for the home.
Peanut butter chocolate chip is Crack.Cocaine - I've never experienced something like this before.  Extremely tasty, huge concoction.   We bought all four flavors but this was the one to try.  Definitely not a fan of the others like I was this one.   Would only return for my $4 buck fix of PBCC
Yeah, they actually are as good as everyone says they are. They are huge; it took me several hours to finish mine. Looking back on my day I definitely feel like this cookie took a good year or two off my life but I think it might have been worth it. I got the chocolate chip walnut and am dying to try the rest. Also, I'm not a milk fan at all and normally have my cookies plain, but I think the reviews here are right when they say this would be abetted by a jug of milk to wash it down. I wish I had had one. But alas, can't really complain. Will be back. It's like warm cookie dough + perfectly textured cookie in a huge ball all together.
Not sure I understand all the hype. $4 for a cookie? Personally I think they're off balance-too sweet and too gooey and they fall apart too easily.  The chocolate used in the cookie, however, is very nice.
This place has arguably the best cookies. I tried the chocolate chip walnut cookie, the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, and the oatmeal raisin cookie. Their cookies are very big, and have the consistency of scones. The outside is crispy, while the inside is warm and gooey, leaving the chocolate chip bits slightly melted.
Received a dozen of these babies this past week and my goodness! I'm in heaven, by far the best walnut chocolate chip cookie I've ever had the pleasure of eating! Even my boyfriend, who's typically not into sweets, became selfish.. He hid the stash when my family came over.. Needless to say, the cookies are amazing.
Obviously, there's not much more I can say about the chocolate chip walnut cookies at Levain Bakery. I decided to stop here based on the overwhelming reviews on Yelp & was pleasantly surprised. I was expecting an average-sized cookie from a smaller bakery. What I came across was a sunken near-shack on a side street (only about 4 people can fit inside so the line extended on the front steps). It only took a few minutes for my order to be taken & I couldn't help but see if the cookie lived up to its hype. There were a few other options (small loaves of bread & other versions of the classic cookie), but I decided to opt for the classic on my first visit. It was no average cookie - this was a LARGE cookie. I will unabashedly admit that it sat in its white bag next to me in bed for 3 days straight. Not because I wasn't enthusiastic about devouring it all on my walk back to the UES, but solely due to the fact that I couldn't manage to eat it in one go. Cookies are not my sweet vice of choice, but this was crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside & full of rich chocolate. A must stop if on the UWS & an easy walk from Central Park. Update: while it may be bold to stray from the pack, the chocolate peanut butter cookie here is the best cookie I have ever had. Literally, best cookie I have ever tasted. I would suggest buying the classic chocolate chip walnut just to say you've tried it, but the chocolate peanut butter cookie is the one that will truly make you a Levain junkie.
Be prepared for a LOT of cookie!  If you're with a friend, get 1 not 2 - definitely can be shared.  I always get the chocolate chip walnut and ask them specifically for a fresh, warm cookie (which they are happy to give me).  This is a short side trip from Central Park, and well worth it!
Hugeeee. Gooey cookies. So sweet it took me three tries to finish one, and I have a ridiculous sweet tooth. Not complaining though. Definitely a once in a loooong while treat and worth trying,
Peanut butter chocolate cookie. Deaaaaaaammmmnnn. One of these will put you out of commission for the rest of the day. I recommend sharing with somebody, if that somebody is yourself then you're gonna have a bad time cause you won't be able to eat anything the rest of the day. This place is in a basement. Probably why the health code rating is B. B is for basement - and butter. Lots of butter.
Best. Cookies. Ever. Seriously. Those other reviews are not kidding. I don't know how they do it but that walnut chocolate-chip cookie is just amazing! I really love it because its chewy and cake-like but if you're more into thin crispy cookies, I'm not sure if you'd enjoy it as much as I do. Their cookies are also VERY reasonably priced, $4 for a HUGE cookie that cannot be eaten by one person alone. Believe me, I tried..
I just missed Lindsay Lohan at rehab. Yep, I had to check in because of my severe addiction to Levain's cookies. I spend many an evening in my apartment 5 blocks from Levain thinking about how I need to get a cookie. My stomach starts rumbling and then I put on my shoes and go get one. After the first bite, my withdrawl symptoms subside and I am good for another few days only because these cookies last a few days because they are so big. I need a cookie NOW
When you come, be prepared to wait. I came with my bf and waited outside for a good 5~10 minutes in the cold, but it was worth it. The "cookies" were massive and more like handheld mini-cakes. I got the double chocolate chocolate chip, and the chocolate inside was melty and rich. It was too much to finish in one sitting, but it was still good. I'd definitely go back.
Yes, these are quite delicious cookies. Dark chocolate peanut butter chip?? YUM YUM! It was so busy when I came here that the girl at the register forgot to charge me. She gave me my bag full of goodies and I was about to walk out the door when I thought. Did I pay for these? No, I didn't. So I turned back around and the girl is like...can I help you? And I'm like....yeah, I didn't pay for these. She's like.... OMG, Thank you for coming back! So she didn't charge me for one of the coffees. LOL. Sigh...now only if they were half the size and half the cost.
You haven't LIVED until you have had a chocolate chip walnut cookie from Levain!!
Chocolate chip walnut cookies are thick, rich, and gooey. Delicious.
The cookies are amazing.  Order one with a glass of milk and prepare to be in heaven!
I went here in February and trusted the reviews......THANK YOU THE PEOPLE OF YELP!!!! After I left New York, I literally had dreams of these cookies.My favorite was the oatmeal, but the others in my group liked a different cookie. Try them all!!! I don't think I spent over $15 to buy one of each. I wouldn't recommend the banana bread (or was pumpkin?). It wasn't anything special or memorable I guess. Try these cookies and your life might be changed. I going to New York next week and I am coming for you Levain Bakery!!!!!!!!!!!!
After walking blocks and blocks to visit Levain, I enjoyed the best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had! The middle was extremely moist and the outside had a perfect crunch.  It was YUMMY!
Been to levain many times-just haven't added my review. Quite possibly the best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had-up there with Jacque Torres-def worth the trek uptown
Can't go wrong with any of the flavors! Better go early in the day before they run out. All sooo good! Pizzas are also delicious!
Most people would think spending $4 on a cookie is frivolous, but if someone tells you that it's silly to spend that much on a cookie, you have my permission to kick them. So long as after you kick them, you offer them a bite of heaven and watch as their face changes from one of mean-ness to one of pure happiness. The bite of heaven to which I'm referring is the infamous (I think it's pretty fair to say 600+ reviews makes something infamous) chocolate chip walnut cookie from Levain. Back home in Arizona, we've got this thing called a Pizookie, which is basically warm cookie dough. This is the closest NYC has come to that, and they do a fantastic job. Ooey, gooey, deliciousness. I've tried all the flavors and the chocolate chip walnut is hands-down my fav. Another bonus is that ALL of the other baked goods they offer are fantastic-one of the best whole wheat walnut raisin rolls in the city is here for only a buck! Brioches, muffins, breads...it's all good here. The staff are really the only problem...they make you feel like they're doing you a huge favor by serving you. If you dare ask for a glass of tap water, they'll try and sell you a water bottle. I understand up-selling, but if I'm already buying stuff from you, why can't you give me tap water without grief? The staff are why I knocked off a star...the cookies themselves are easily 5+ stars! There's always a line here, but it moves quickly, and they have a camera inside so you can see the length of the line on their website (a la Shack Shack). I always find myself walking out of my way to get here...it is SO worth it!
I am a very harsh person but this place is definitely a 5 star place. When you first get into the shop you will smell the freshly baked cookies and  get a home warm baking feeling ! Don't be mistaken  that they only have a few cookies! They have trolleys and trolleys of them! Ok $4 for a cookie is on the steep side! However that crispy outer shell, and the soft centre is definitely worth it! And each cookie is about a diameter of an adult's palm and at lest an inch tall! This place is a bit far from mid town put the journey is definitely worth it!
$4 for a cookie. An indulgent price. But its chocolate peanut butter cookie was absolutely worth the price. The chocolate and peanut butter were melty and so the interior of the cookie was moistly satisfying. Finger-licking GOOD. Will be back to try out its other flavours!!!!
The best cookie of my entire life!! Chocolate chip walnut cookie=to die for!
Ok..I know I'm going out on a limb here by giving it 2 stars. I know people will not trust my review because A.  I'm new to yelp and I sound like I have no idea what I'm talking about. B.  They might also think I'm bashing Levain Bakery when I had nothing but high hopes for this place and walked 45 minutes on a hot day to get there, and C. Thousands of people insist they are amazing, so who am I to say I know better than all of them? I really, really wanted to like it. I saw them featured on Throwdown with Bobby Flay and after reading the reviews I knew I had to try them. I've been to NYC several times and hadn't heard of this place before, and it was actually a big reason I came back this time. My boyfriend is almost always right with his predictions on what will be good and what won't. He insisted it would be bad and I absolutely thought they would be at least better than MOST chocolate chip cookies I've ever had especially after hearing so many people say it's the best they've ever eaten. Now I don't know how one earns the right to consider themselves experts when it comes to cookies, but I have had many a chocolate chip cookie in my life and I know what is good and what isn't. I also really hate to imply that thousands of people are wrong about this being a good chocolate chip cookie and claim my taste buds are superior to theirs, and if I were someone skimming these reviews I probably wouldn't take this one so seriously either..but let me explain why I gave it two stars.. First of alI, I went in after being satiated from lunch and when normally I would have ordered all 4 cookies, I ordered just two. They say when you're hungry things taste better and when you're more full they lose flavor. Maybe this had something to do with it but I can tell you I've ordered chocolate chip cookies for desserts at restaurants after being stuffed beyond belief and it was still incredible. So I got the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter. First things first, I heard some complaints that they were undercooked. Mine were actually cooked perfectly, the inside was not raw whatsoever. It was gooey from all the chocolate chips but actually the texture was perfect. Crispy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside which is how I like my cookies. The problem for me was actually the flavor. I heard someone say it was too sweet, but it was the complete opposite for my boyfriend and I. We both took a bite and immediately looked at each other and did the eyebrow raise. So I took another bite thinking maybe it would get better, but it didn't. I don't like cookies to be overly sweet, but these weren't sweet enough. I could actually taste the flour. Another thing was it didn't taste like they put any salt in their batter. Sounds weird but cookies really need a little bit of salt to bring out the flavor and I really couldn't taste anything but plain dough with chocolate chips. The cookie was just bland...I ate about half of each cookie because I didn't want to leave without "getting" what the raving was all about, but that was inevitably what happened. It was really disappointing and once again my boyfriend was right and I had to admit that these really weren't that good. I'm actually still in shock. Maybe I had too high of hopes.
Heavenly cookies is correct.  This humongous and delicious cookies are amazing.  I'm who thinks cookies are cookies, but this place is really something different.  I like the chocolate chip walnut the best and you better eat it warm cuz it just jumps the flavor up.  I brought a dozen back to Texas for my family and co-workers and they were an instant hint.   I will tell you that they are $4 a cookie and the most I have ever spent, but hey I rather buy the cookie then a $4 cupcake.
Their chocolate chip cookies are amazing! These cookies are probably the best cookies I have ever had. They are super rich and large.  I usually buy one and split it. Gooey melty deliciousness.  All you need when you come here is a tall glass of cold milk.
one cookie costs a small fortune but is worth every penny.   there is a small seating area where you can sit and scarf if you just can't wait to til you get home! yum.
Wow, aren't I one lucky gal!  We walked here to get cookies on a snowy Saturday and there was a line out of the door.  We were told Levain's cookies were worth the wait, so we waited.  Once we finally made it inside the super tiny bakery, we were greeted by workers saying that the cookies were fresh out of the oven!  We couldn't have chosen a better time to come and try this place. I shared a warm chocolate chip cookie with a friend.  The cookie was huge, so had I eaten it by myself, I would have needed to run around Manhattan to burn off all of that goodness.   The cookie was definitely good.  The only thing that I would have liked differently would be less chocolate morsels, as I felt there was too much chocolate in the cookie. Overall, I would recommend this bakery and would visit it again if ever in the area.
Everything is amazing here! Even the bread and jelly baguette which I did not think would impress me. The cookies are massive and delicious. Can't wait to come back. The only negative is -it's tiny and no where really to sit- but I guess that's why it's near the park.
You know that hypothetical question everyone asks: "What would you eat for your last meal on Earth?" My answer would be, "The entire contents of the Levain Bakery, THANK YOU VERY MUCH." Chocolate chip cookies top the list of my all-time favorite foods. So when I took my first bite out of one of Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookies - nay, edible softballs - I could have sworn I had died and gone to Heaven because I'm pretty sure my own personal Heaven would be chocolate chip walnut softballs from Levain Bakery 24/7. FOR REAL. I've had a few other items on the menu, and none have failed to impress. But the cookies, my GOD, the cookies! If you are on a first date with someone who professes that they love cookies, for the love of baby Jesus, take them here. It's likely that you will score a second date (among other things). Dang it, now I want a cookie.
My encounter with Levain Bakery was pure happenstance.  I knew nothing of the place when I asked my friend if there was a decent bakery around.  He suggested "this one place" everybody seems to like. Needless to say the chocolate brioche and chocolate chip cookie I ordered were better than I ever imagined.   We sat inside the tiny shop and enjoyed our baked goods with some hot coffee, reading the published reviews of "Levain Bakery" on the walls.
I don't know what I can say that hasn't already been covered here, but I'll go ahead and say it: Levain Bakery has the best cookies in the entire world.  Boom. The chocolate-chocolate chip variety is my favorite indulgence ever.  Crispy on the outside, gooey in the middle, 100% amazing.
Best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had. Like a scone with a doughy center. Perfect for sharing.
The cookies are sweet, rich, crunchy outside, and warm gooey inside. Highly recommend enjoying it with a full glass of milk and not coming with a full stomach (which we kind of did and could not finish the cookie). The cookies are pretty ginormous.
A friend who came to visit us from Boston was super sweet and brought us some Levain cookies on her way to see us.  I had Levain cookies before, but they were maybe a day or two old since someone from NYC brought them to LA.  OMG - the fresh cookies are wayyyy better by far!  Chocolate Chip was better than the Chocolate Peanut Butter cookie, but both were very dense and not too sweet.  She said they cost about $4 each, but eating one by yourself is ridiculous.  I had some leftover the next day, and they def taste better fresh.  Yum!
Literally the best cookies I've ever had. HUGE. And always moist and chewy.
I first saw this bakery on food network's Throwdown with Bobby Flay and then on the Best Thing I Ever Ate, so I had to come and try this place. I was a little confused as to the location at first because the street is a little residential. However, when I asked a man passing by if he knew where the bakery was, he gave me a knowing smile and said "It's right up the block. I'm headed there too." The lady who helped me at the counter was super friendly and gave me an indulgent smile when I asked if this was the cookie featured on food network. I got my cookies (chocolate chip walnut) to go and took them to a nice spot in central park and sat down to eat it. The cookie was nice and moist in the center and firm enough so that it didn't just fall apart and crumble. It was absolutely delicious, and even my friend who said he wasn't a big chocolate chip cookie person said that he would definitely come back again because they were so good. Yet another place to add to my "must go-to places" when I am back in NYC.
I am so happy that I took the time to find this Bakery!! Cookies are the the best I have ever had.
I promise, you have never had a cookie this good in your entire life! Yes, the price is steep for just a cookie... But this is not just a cookie people. It's a pound of pure heaven!!!! Crisp on the outside, hot and gooey on the inside..... I hate how good they are, as my thighs do too. Line moves fast and you have to eat them on the go or take them home.
This is a 12-hour cookie.  Amazing.  Eat in one sitting at your own risk. The cookies are always fresh, usually warm, and consistently crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside.  And there is plenty of inside (these really look like big biscuits more than cookies). My personal favorite is the chocolate chip walnut.  The walnuts are not bitter or overpowering, and they provide just the right amount of omega-6 fatty acids to give you an excuse for eating the cookie (I swear... it's the GOOD fat!). All in all, it's a great way to end lunch, have a mid-afternoon snack, nibble on as appetizers before dinner, and finally finish as your dessert.  I also recommend having something to drink with it and a rapid stroll through the park.  Your stomach and self esteem will thank you.
the cookies are HUGE and quite pricey.....3.75 for a medium size, thick, chewy, gooey, warm, 3/4th fully baked cookie. Milk is a must. The cookie overall is good, but too sweet for my taste. It was a pleasant surprise that the cookie was warm. I got a chocolate chip walnut cookie, but I was also eyeing the oatmeal raisin & dark chocholate..maybe next time....after i lose the calories of this cookie first....O_o
Never would have thought eating a cookie that looked like a cow pie could be so unbelievably good.  (Sorry visual thinkers)  Carried mine throughout the entire day walking around NY.  Need a break?  Just bust out the cookie mMmMm.   Watch out where you stash the cookie... those oils soak through anything! A bit pricey too.
If you like warm cookie dough, melty chocolate and muffin tops above your jeans- this is the place for you. Chocolate and walnut = heaven!
Cookies! Best thing to bring a team together on Monday's. Thank you Connie. See you next Monday.
A very delightful and small bakery on the uptown part of Manhattan. It's hidden right on 74th street slightly below street level. As this was my last day in NY, I had a oversize fat size chocolate chip walnut and a oatmeal raisin as a treat for my flight snack back home to California. A perfect snack as I fly pass the Rocky Mountains.
Great neighborhood bakery with absolutely delicious cookies. I try not to go there too often because their cookies are so tasty! It's thick with soft chocolate pieces and eats like a meal.
everything that i've had here have all be awesome. the cookies are freakin to die for. i really like the feel of the place too. i don't get the sense that i'm at a high-scale place like magnolia's, but rather it feels like a real bakery.
When a cookie the size of three fists melts in your mouth with every bite, you just come to realize that every calorie you've ever devoted to baked goods wasn't worth it until Levain cookies graced themselves into your life.  I can't say I'm a big fan of peanut butter and chocolate...that is, until you have the peanut butter chip chocolate cookie...sigh...
Literally such a simple bakery but one of the best I've been to. The cookies are probably the best I have tasted in my life, and I've had my fair share. I've tried every flavor at the bakery (there's only 4 I think), and none of them disappoint. They are huge and thick and wonderful and gooey and so flavorful, it's hard to even finish one cookie because they ooze with perfection and richness. It is a bit on the pricier side, but that still wouldn't deter me from indulging in these cookies or giving the bakery 5 stars. They are just that good.
I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie.  It was gooey, warm, not overly sweet and had a crisp texture on the outside and a soft, chewy consistency on the inside.  It was good but I can't say that the heavens opened and angels sang when I ate it.  My expectations were pretty high and after I ate it, I waited for that moment of sheer ecstasy... it never came.  It was good, but overall, Meh...  My husband felt the same way.  If I'm in the area, I'll drop in but I can't see myself driving out to the UWS for the sole purpose of purchasing this cookie.  It was just ok.  Nothing to lose your mind over.  Sorry.... I know I'm in the minority with this opinion but I'm just being honest.  On the plus side, the staff were very, very nice. I'm still on the hunt for the best chocolate chip cookie in NYC.
I knew I had finally arrived when I saw the tiny store front, tons of people hanging around and the faces of small children smeared with chocolate.  When you get near the door the aroma hits you... It does not matter that this is the smallest store you have ever ventured into. It does not matter you are about to pay $4 for one cookie. (Ok, per cookie.) All that matters is that you found it, it smells just as good as you imagined, and Oh My God... you've spotted what MUST be the chocolate w/ peanut butter chip cookie dough boulders destined to become the famed cookie you have been dreaming of. The chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips is, hands down, the best baked good I have ever tasted. It's HUGE. The outside is like a fresh baked cookie, the inside is like a mixture of cookie, cookie dough & brownie batter, and there are melty peanut butter chips throughout. If you like brownies and are not allergic to peanut butter, you do not love yourself if you do not purchase and consume this cookie. Do it. You're worth it. I also got the chocolate chip walnut cookie. Equally enormous and a similar consistency, perhaps slightly less molten than the CCwPBC. Amazing cookie, but probably better left for another trip when it couldn't be so completely over shadowed by the you know what. Please note: these cookies could very well be a disappointment, or even scary, for people who merely "like" cookies. They are dense, rich, greasy globs of semi-baked heaven for people with brains that flood with happy chemicals at the very thought of baked goods.
WOW is all I can say... I came here at the recommendation of yelp, and those pictures sold me.  I got the dark chocolate with peanut butter chips.  At $4 a cookie, it took me about 3 sittings to down this entire cookie - so chewy, so delicious, and so huge!  Got there around 7pm on a Monday night, and there was still a small line.
This is a tiny underground bakery where the smell of freshly baked produce smacks you in the face and leaves you wondering when it's your turn, hopefully fast, to order. We took the chocolate chip and walnut on the go. Took it with us to savour it at the airport as this was our last stop on our trip after walking through Strawberry Fields which is nearby. Unlucky for us we couldn't go back for more. So if you're there don't hesitate to take enough of them. They are big, not cheap with a price of 4 dollars but worth every penny. But no, it's not a restaurant. Just probably the best cookies in NYC, the world,...?
I love this place.  Their cookies are phenomenal - among the best, if not the best, I've ever tasted.  The store is tiny but runs efficiently and the staff is friendly.
One of the best cookies I've ever had! Usually I'll say that it's good, but no, their cookies are awesomely good! Chocolate chip with walnut is my favorite. It is SO good and gooey. Wish I brought some back home :( Dark chocolate peanut butter is really good too. The peanut butter chips in there complimented the dark chocolate cookie. Oatmeal is good, but cannot compare to the choc chip walnut and dark choc pb. If you want good cookies, go here!
Best Cookies Ever! If you ever make it to the upper west side, this bakery is SUPERB! You walk down into this tiny basement bakery and the smell of butter and sugar knock you down. The peanut butter chocolate cookies are to die for! Everything is very sweet. Don't expect any mild goodies here. Excellent little gem of a bakery in Manhattan!
behold, the best choco chip cookie you'll ever have. money on it.
The pastries are great, but for the price they're not that much better. The space is also super cramped. I'm not saying don't go, but we went based on some great yelp reviews and weren't blown away. Not bad but not a must stop.
Other than the fact that one of their cookies are the price of a box of girl scout cookies, a carton of ice cream, or 20--that's right 20--dumplings in Chinatown, I'd still say they're pretty worth it. Emphasis on "pretty." I brought these cookies home as a treat for friends and family and even enjoyed one of their incredible chocolate-chip walnut cookies in store (with a cold cup of milk) to see if they were as good as I had heard. I won't lie...even though my stomach didn't love the cookie/milk combination as much as I did, these cookies were downright delectable. From the melty chocolate chips and crunchy walnuts to the moist insides and rich, crisp outside, they made for one of the best cookies I've ever had! Being able to sample every variety, I really enjoyed the classic chocolate-chip walnut the most with oatmeal raisin and dark chocolate peanut butter coming in a close second. The oatmeal felt satisfying and the chocolate peanut butter were like Reeses Pieces on steroids. So yum! If you're traveling with them, I'd reheat them at 350 degrees for about 6 minutes depending on the strength of your oven. This will make you feel as if you're in the store enjoying the cookie all over again. I was manning the oven like a crazy person making sure they didn't burn, haha. Anyway, I hope you enjoy your cookie with milk all week long since that's how long a single cookie can (and probably should) last! :)
I was staying close to this bakery and after reading all the reviews I just knew I had to give this place a try! I tried a couple of the famous cookies everyone raved about ($4 ea), they were good but nothing as amazing as the reviews suggested. They were too much for me, overwhelming and very sweet with a texture a lot like a brownie. They were nice after sitting in the fridge for a few hours with a very tall glass of milk.
$4 a cookie may seem steep, but once you see the cookie, you will realize why its so expensive. The cookie is literally the size of 4 regular cookies at ms. fields or whatever chain cookie shop you go to. The chocolate walnut cookie is the best. Each bite you take is filled with large pieces of chocolate and walnuts. The size of the cookie is so big and dense that you think you are eating a scone, but it actually taste like a cookie.
I got two oatmeal cookies and one chocolate walnut cookie for $12. ...yeah they're pricey, but let me tell you-- if you're looking to seriously indulge in a quality baked good, you will NOT be disappointed. Not only is the quality of the cookie top of the line, but the depth, the width, the height, the mouthgasm is worth all $4. It's like 4x4x4, no kidding. And even if these cookies are a billion calories, they're worth every single inch I gain around my waistline. Being morbidly obese whilst eating Levain cookies 'insert greater than sign' all
Just got a care package with 8 of these beauties, my feelings remain.  I love you, Levain.  Can't wait for our next meeting xoxo I'll be thinking about you ;) text me.
I am obsessed with the chocolate chocolate chip cookie!!! Q
A $4 cookie may seem a bit price-y, but this is truly a special treat.  The cookies are large and can be shared between two people.  My good luck brought me with good timing to a freshly baked walnut chocolate chip that was still warm and gooey! Best cookie ever, better than some of the greatest homemade I have had.
Chocolate walnut cookie and hot chocolate never disappoint!
absolutely phenomenal, and an unexpected storefront for such a widely known place.  this is by far the best cookie i've ever eaten, i mean how can you get it to be so crunchy on the outside and so soft and chewy on the inside?! and this was eaten 5 days after it was purchased and it still kept its quality.  even my father who never eats cookies took more than half of the one i picked up for my mother.  another note, especially if not fresh: toss it in the microwave for 10 seconds for an even better taste.  the $4 per cookie priced can be overlooked with the size and deliciousness of this cookie.
So after hearing my boyfriend rave about this place for ages, we finally get around to making the walk there (to have a cookie on the walk back). Not that the walk to/from the bakery is anywhere near the distance needed to burn off what may be 10,000 calories/cookie... but I digress. Surprisingly, there was no line this past Sunday afternoon so we were able to get in & out, within minutes, armed with a cookie each -- one chocolate chip walnut, one dark chocolate peanut butter. I'm not much of a sweets gal, but I have to admit these cookies are pretty damn good. It almost has the consistency (and definitely has the size) of a brownie, which I liked. The chocolate chip walnut was the better of the two, in my opinion, because the walnuts offset some of the sweetness. At $4/cookie, it's definitely a guilty "splurge" but since each Levain cookie is comparable to about 3 (maybe even 4) cookies the price isn't all that unreasonable. So, all in all, the cookies were scrumptious enough for me to: (a) forget that I'm really not all that into sweets and enjoy them, and (b) disregard the fact that this place was introduced to my boyfriend by his ex. How's that for a five-star cookie?
Yes, their cookies really do live up to the hype. The chocolate chocolate chip cookie is just the most perfect cookie in the history of cookies. They are huge, warm, gooey chocolatey chunk of heaven. This is where you go when you want to indulge your inner Cookie Monster. 100% worth a visit.
When you are pushing almost 2000 reviews and 4.5 out 5 stars, it makes this place a definite go to place if you are visiting or living in NYC. Yes, it's that good. ---- Chocolate Chip cookies are easily one of my favorite desserts of all time. I am a purist when it comes to these treats, so I always prefer to have a chewy version with no nuts. When I asked if they had such a version, she said, "Oh you really need to try these. They beat Bobby Flays cookies in their throw down and he didn't put nuts in there." So, I admit it! They were really good even with the walnuts in there! One cookie at $4 is a great great treat for 3 people, because they are so rich and so big! They also had a Dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie that looks like another reason to go back. The regular coffee was small about 8oz, but strong. They add the milk and you put in your sugar behind you by the door. From the street you are about 4 steps down to a very small bakery with one of the best desserts in NYC.
Hello Manhattan's largest cookie. Well, more like thickest cookie. Ooy gooy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. No wonder why one cookie is 4 dollars. The serving is quite large. Looking for a cookie to buy for your kids? Make sure you buy one for three. The cookies here are giant and they aren't kidding when they say they only have four kinds. The same four kinds for the past 15 years? I believe. Chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip, Oatmeal raisin, and dark chocolate peanut butter chip. So I decided on the splurge of the moment to take the bus over to the West Side. I knew this tiny bakery existed somewhere on the upper west side, I just never found the time to go hunting for it. So on a Friday afternoon I was already on Madison Ave, so I just took the bus over to the west. It was hard to find this place. It was a tiny bakery that was basically underground. Walked down a couple stairs and found myself staring at a very plain variety. Only four kinds of cookies to choose from. I narrowed down to the oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip walnut. I didn't want to buy two... they were HUGE. I settled for the chocolate chip walnut and traveled back over to my side of the city (upper east). I dug in once I got home. The outter crust was crunchy, but not hard. The inside was still warm and gooy after all that travel. It was not too chocolaty, and not to sweet. It was perfection. Well, besides the fact there were way too many walnuts. I don't care for walnuts. If they had just a chocolate chip cookie, it would be the winner. I don't know how they bake such thick cookies, but they have the magic touch for it. It was delicious. Now the question stands. Was it the BEST chocolate chip cookie? Well for one person to eat such a giant cookie and pay 4 dollars, I would say price and serving must be factored into the question. SO if I were to decide on whether it was the best... no... I had better. One better in particular. Maybe I just like staying on the east side, but Paradis had one of the best chocolate chunk cookies I ever had. It wasn't as thick but just as big for 2.50. It was softer than crunchy. So if you're on the east side travel on over to Paradis, but if you are on the west go on to Levain. Both are pretty darn good.
Delicious as everyone has said. We tried the chocolate chip walnut and I usually don't like nuts in my cookies but it balanced out the flavor amazingly. The cookie was still warm and gooey and basically everything about it made my afternoon better. Definitely will be back when I'm in the area again.
Holy Crap. Now I know why this bakery has 2000 reviews. It lived up to its hype and that chocolate cookie was TASTY. Small line nothing crazy during a weekday afternoon. Its so chewy inside and crispy outside. This cookie is way better than the Jacque Torres cookie. My only regret is that I didn't get more and had to end up sharing the one I got.
I rarely give five star reviews, but this place is truly something to rave about. Each time I go, my cookies get to me, warm and delicious. I've tried the signature chocolate chip, and also the double chocolate chunk, and both are amazing. For four dollars, even my frugal cousin said it was worth it, since it was the best cookie that we both ever had. The staff is always nice, and i love being able to see what they do in the back. Another plus is that they sell water bottles for only a dollar!
I wouldn't have ever come to Levain Bakery if it wasn't for a tip from my friend who lives in New York. He said Levain's has the best cookies and I cannot disagree with him. Levain is located on the upper east side and was conveniently on the way to lunch at Gray's Papaya. The place is tiny and easy to miss so keep an eye out. I got the chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate peanut butter cookies. These cookies don't look like normal cookies but rather like scones. I don't expect them to be so gooey and soft, but that they were and I enjoyed every last bit! Will visit Levain Bakery next time I'm in the big apple!
Best cookies in NYC! This is my go-to present for any holiday or occasion and guaranteed pick-me-up. Every time I go back to CA I bring a dozen home on my carry-on (shit's heavy!) on the request of my friends and fam. They're worth $4 a cookie and they take credit card! In the Uptown vs Downtown debate, Levain always pulls a win for UWS.
had the chocolate chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip with walnuts. glad i came back a second time b/c it was heaven in my mouth.
If you have a sweet tooth, especially for chocolate chip cookies, this place is must if your in New York! The chocolate chip walnut cookie was amazing! They were nice and fresh and the chocolate was melted as you bit into the cookie.
My Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie was probably the best store-bought cookie I've had, and one of the best cookies I've tasted overall--highlighted by large chunks of high-quality chocolate.  Served warm, the moist interior and gooey chocolate washes over and envelopes your palate.  Criticisms are admittedly nitpicky:  While the large size of the cookie certainly makes it easier to maintain a moist interior and hold more and larger chunks of chocolate, the size is much too large to be a single serving; it's definitely a cookie to be broken in half and shared.  Finally, it would have been nice if the taste of the walnuts did not get completely lost in the chocolate.  The pieces of walnut served little more than to add a bit of body to the cookie for the chocolate to hold on to.
Best cookies in the world. My favorite us the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, but the chocolate chip cookie is a close second. Both are the top of the list for me in NYC and abroad, especially if you get them right out of the oven. Incredibly delicious soft giant cookies. Your life will be complete once you try these cookies.
This is a cookie BISCUIT that needs to be consumed if you are in the Upper West Side! You NEED to try the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie! It's not too sweet (my teeth are sweet sensitive) but is honestly just PERFECT! This heavenly cookie is about 4 inches in diameter and 3/4inch high in the center. The outside of the cookie has the crunch of a baked cookie, but the inside is still so soft and chewy. Try it, love it, rant about it!
I had the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie and it is the End of Cookie History. On the scale of cookieosity, it is an 11. There is none more cookie than this cookie. I believe Jack Black should make an entire movie about this cookie. And other superlatives. In summation, I don't really have anything to add to the other reviews. I just want people to know that I agree. Anyone who heeds my words (both of you) should hasten to this place and mess up some cookies.
$4 cookie?! Say what?! We'll if you've ever been to Levain you'd understand the reason for the $4 price tag.  I've been to several bakery's where they sold cookies for $2-$4.  Never thought a cookie was worth the price.  However, at Levain, $4 was a good deal! One cookie was the size of my hand.  The thickness is comparable to a scone.  And the flavor of each cookie leaves you craving for more.  I highly recommend the chocolate chip chocolate cookie.
This is the famous Throwdown cookie house. Levain Bakery, a tiny small business that has brought the attention of many cookie perfectionist. Their little shop has a limited amount of space to sit, even stand. What I went there for was their award winning Chocolate Walnut cookie which was pretty divine; Perfect crunch on its exterior and a chewy interior. It was a bit too sweet for me and for $4, it is ridiculously overpriced. Despite that, it is an awesome little place that sells deliciously decent-sized cookies.
I heard about this bakery from my friend Jenny, and we were in the area so we decided to buy some baked goods. We got the walnut chocolate chip cookie and the double chocolate cookie. Both were very delicious, and they were more like biscuits than cookies because they were huge! The chocolate was all melted and warm. So good! We couldn't even finish both between the two of us. It was too much cookie for us.
My favorite cookie ever, hands down.  Its nice and big (eat it for lunch!) and way too good to share.   My favorite is the chocolate chip walnut.  The warm goey inside of melted chocolate chips just makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
Re-visited Levain after a very disappointing show at Lincoln Center Theatre (The Minister's Wife)--needed to feel like the afternoon wasn't a complete waste.  Walked over to Levain, and just as I'm about to head in, a group of people (looked like a tour group) got there first.  Now I'm getting nervous that they'll buy out the bakery, but while they were all figuring out what to buy, a nice guy from behind the counter asks me what I'd like.  I picked the chocolate walnut, and the chocolate-chocolate cookies.  To my surprise (and delight) Levain still had a few sticky buns--knew I had to try that too.  All were delicious!  Finished the sticky bun after dinner.  I've been having pieces of the cookies for the past 2 days (just finished--my office lunch dessert).  The cookies hold up beautifully!  The chocolate chips are no longer molten (that's when I like them best), but I think they may be the best chocolate chip cookies.  Can't decide which of the two cookies I like better, so I'll be buying both from now on.
Do you like your chocolate chip cookies thin, hard and crispy? You won't like Levain Bakery. Also, we can't be friends. ;) Levain Bakery is a hidden gem of a bakery, that makes cookies as big as a fist, which are mounds of warm gooey goodness. You can love the traditional chocolate chip, or go into a sugar coma with the double chocolate chip. However, if you can coordinate a visit to Levain with a walk in Central Park (just a few blocks away), you can alleviate some guilt.
Fantastic Cookies Everyone knows they haver the best cookies. Ever. Better than your mom's used to be. Really. Try them
Ugh.  Curse you levain, for being so conveniently located to my apartment. Yes, at 4 dollars a cookie, they are not cheap.  However, for the infinite joy that it brings, it is worth it. You will not find a similar cookie any where else.  And if you do, please tell me about it.
Good girls go to heaven. That's what my best friend says of her visits to Levain, and I can't agree with her more. It's a toss up between the chocolate chip and the oatmeal raisin, but I always walk out with a regret that I didn't get one more. Because I feel compelled to share this to anyone I like and haven't been exposed to the wonderful world of Levain! seriously the best cookie ever. have to try this.
Biggest chocolate chip cookie ever.  Took me 3 sittings to finish it -- due to its size, not its quality.  Snuck it into a small jazz club later that evening to polish it off.  Worth every dime and nickel ($2.75, I think). Coffee cake was tasty, too.
This place is absolutely FANTASTIC!!! By far, some of the best cookies I've had in my life! They only have 4 flavors, but that is plenty...They are each VERY rich and worth the $3.75 per cookie. (my favorite is the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter chip)  These cookies look like a friggin' scone and are always still warm when you begin eating them.  Because of their odd shape, the inside is almost like cookie dough... I love bringing people here and making believers out of them. You wont regret it!!!
omfg.  get the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie.  and a glass of large sized milk.  go now.   i also got the brioche and the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie.  These were okay.  The dark chocolate chip cookie is the way to go!  HOM NOM.  At $3.75 a cookie, it is worth every last penny!
This is a cookie you must experience while in NYC! Do not miss out! These cookies are like nothing I've experienced before. I don't know how they make them so thick and wonderful. Its magic. The chocolate peanut butter was my favorite although the warm chocolate chip walnut was a very close second even though I am not a walnut fan. $4 a cookie and totally worth it. Just wish I had milk to wash them down with!
I've been to this bakery 3 times.  I'm partial to the chocolate chip walnut cookie (and I've tried them all).  The cookies are definitely big enough to share and I always end up sharing one with my boyfriend.  (I'm actually not even sure if I could make it though a whole one without feeling sick from a sugar overload.) The last time I went the cookie was quite under-baked.  I could barely eat any of it, luckily my boyfriend loved it!  So it wasn't too upsetting.  The coffee is pretty good too and helps balance out the sweetness of the cookie.
holy crap. best cookies ever!!! the chocolate chip walnut is probably still my favorite but peanut butter choc chip is really really close. it's just so good i can't stand it! good thing i dont live in ny or i'd have to come get these everyday and they're pretty pricey at $4 ea
Levain makes the best cookies ever! They're huge, chewy on the inside and crisp on the outside. Their chocolate chip walnut cookie is my favorite. I've also tried the dark chocolate chocolate chip. It's a chocolate overload to me but I would recommend it to any chocolate lover. I've also stopped by to grab breakfast and got a garlic flatbread which was crispy and flavorful. They're right down the street from my sister's place so this is a must go whenever I'm in New York. Their cookies are so good that we make my sister bring a few whenever she comes home. Try Levain and you won't regret it.
They really are the best cookies...and they are huge!  Perfect for bringing to a gathering or visiting a friend - no one can resist them.  They are delicious...my favorite is the chocolate peanut butter.  Yummy!
Hate to be the hater, but these cookies didn't match the hype for me at all.. A big sloppy monster of a cookie sounds awesome in theory, but this particular monster enters the world as a mutant hybrid species halfway between "cookie" and "raw dough".. way underbaked for my taste. I'm giving it 4 stars because A) I suppose they are doing this cookie well, it just doesn't happen to be the kind of cookie I like. And B) I am conflict avoidant and want people to like me. But I much prefer the chocolate chip cookies from City Bakery (also the one from Silver Moon up on the UWS)
oh. dear. God. where do I begin? if you love cookies, you must go here. I first heard about Levain on the show "Best Thing I Ever Ate" on the Food Network. the moment I saw the ooey, gooey cookie, I was sold. the day after, my boyfriend and i took an hour and a half trip up to the UWS to see what the hullabaloo was all about. we knew it was kind of a hole in the wall so we looked TOO hard but it was right under our noses the whole time (almost on the corner of the block.) I do admit it is pretty small but they have a bench outside just in case. we both ordered the chocolate chip walnut cookie and sat outside with some milk. I swore I had died and went to heaven when I took the first bite. it was crisp on the outside & SO gooey on the inside. the chocolate was OOZING out of the cookie so it's a bit messy. regardless, it was like no other cookie I've ever had. honestly, it's a life changing experience. these cookies are $4 which I thought was expensive at first but it's so rich and big that you'll have to share it (or eat the rest later on.) I went back several times with different people because I just couldn't keep something so amazing to myself. I've tried the chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookies. the only one i haven't had yet is the oatmeal raisin cookie but so far they've all been AMAZING. do yourself a favor, go to Levain. it's worth it.
Perhaps I shouldn't have read all the raving reviews about this place, but I went into it with high expectations. The line wound out the door and down the street with a mix of locals and tourists alike. We'd heard about this place from the Fodor's NYC tourguide book. As for the cookie itself, at 4 bucks a pop and all the hype, I was disappointed. Size and density they've got on their side, but sadly I have to say that's it. It fits neither the category of "traditional chocolate chip cookie" because of its thickness nor "innovative cookies" since there's no uncommon flavor that stands out. I can't be sure why Bobby Flay would choose this place for a Throwdown. I've always thought I was more of a "quantity over quality" type but not so much anymore. If you're a tourist, give it a go. It's located in a charming neighborhood, and you won't be able to find gigantic cookies anywhere else.
How do you NOT give this place 5 stars? Best cookie on Earth? If you can eat one yourself, kudos to you because I usually share one. Chocolate chip walnut is my favorite. Just thinking about this cookie puts me in a sugar coma. amazing...
OMG. BEST CHOCOLATE COOKIES EVER! Came here on recommendation from a friend while waiting for free entrance from Natural History Museum - only 8 minutes walk! Really small shop and was a little disappointed at the small selection. However, they really are the BEST cookies ever! Tried the walnut chocolate chips and the dark chocolate cookies which tasted like a chocolate souffle. If you only want to buy one cookie, get the walnut chocolate chip. I wish I can buy a dozen and bring it back home! $4 per cookie is definitely worth it, including the walk!
I've tried every kind of cookie offered here and they are all by far the best I've ever had. I think everyone has said it too, so I'm not crazy here. They're crusty on the outside without ever sacrificing the fluffy chewy insides. I don't know how they do that with the monstrous behemoths that they serve up - you'd think cookies the size of your fist would turn out raw in the middle. But they aren't, and that's why this place is magical. I almost want to knock down the rating to 4 stars because of the hefty price, but when you get the best, it's worth it.
It's a toss up between the oatmeal and dark chocolate peanut butter cookies.  The best cookies I've ever had. Big, moist, and chewy.  The perfect dose of sugar and butter all rolled into a lump of heaven.
Certainly very good cookies... they are very large but i expected them to be larger ($4 per cookie). Otherwise no complaints!
My cousin from Paris introduced me to this shop (that's right, people across the pond know about this place).  It's a quick walk from the zoo area and located underneath a waxing salon. Don't let the odd location fool you, this place has the best cookies on Earth!  I'm going to go out on a limb and say the best cookies in the Universe! I got the original chocolate chip flavour and it was like eating a cookie brownie that was crispy on the outside and gooey delicious on the inside. The cookie had the perfect amount of sweetness, and the soft versus crispy ratio was perfect - that's science. My only regret was not buying an entire boxful of cookies.  According to my friend, he wanted to - "rub the cookies all over his face" - they were THAT good! The staff were very nice and friendly (they provided recommendations and let us take pictures in front of the shop), so I definitely will be back!
I love..no LOVE..chocolate chip cookies and after reading all the Yelp reviews, I was prepared to have the best cookie of my life... I was sorely mistaken. Instead I got a heaping 3 pound ball of tasteless muffin in cookie form. No this is not the gooey, chewy, awesome cookie I was expecting. This was a hyper muffin/scone mutation gone wrong with far far to many walnuts. (I could really cry for the simple fact of them not offering an option to get a chocolate chip without). I only ate part of it, of course, and had the rest the next day and I actually think it tasted better cold, as well as more cookie-like. So my conquest for a mind blowing chocolate chip cookie continues,
Jeebus these "cookies" are humongo....but don't let the size fool you! My boyfriend got three of these yummy monsters for my birthday because I'm always a hungry hungry cookie monster and man they are good! I highly recommend the oatmeal cookie....cinnamonly good without leaving you feeling like a fat lardo.  The chocolate chip and chocolate with chocolate chips are also delectable, but DO NOT EAT WITHOUT the presence of milk.   As a chewy chocolate chip lover I will definitely vouch that these puppies are soft, chewy and unforgettable.
I first heard of Levain Bakery on Food network. I go to NYC often, and figured I'd stop by. If you are driving this place is tough to see, so save yourself a ticket and park your car cause chances are you will be waiting on line to buy a cookie from this basement..yes..basement. I don't know what kind of steroid these bakers put in these cookies, but you can easily get tired of holding a bag with just three cookies. They are HEAVY. Chances are you will get them so, and they will be warm. Crispy on the outside, and goey, rich, creamy, and LOADED with chips on the inside. I LOVE the peanut butter chocolate. But I would never turn down any of their cookie flavors. I don't remember them having plain chocolate chip cookies, maybe they were out every time I have gone, but honestly, it doesn't matter. Highly recommended.
When I was a little boy, word around my way spread about this cookie place that opening up by Fairway supermarket and that the Cookie was about the size of a hockey puck. I remember when I first had Levains famous cookies, they were 3 dollars. Flash foward a couple of years later, their now 4 dollars. oh well, still worth that extra dollar. Located right off Amsterdam ave, Levain really hits the spot with their cookies. They have a bench outside if you want to sit out side on a nice day to enjoy this cookie but otherwise, seating is limited to 4 stools. They are everything a cookie should be: crunchy around the edges and nice and soft in the inside. The cholocate chip walnut cookie is probably one of the best cookies there that they feature. I'm not a big fan of the oatmeal cookie because I don't really like rasians. The balance of the dark cholocate and the walnuts makes the cookie crunchy, but not crunchy like celery. The walnuts give it a nice crunch and the dark cholocate when it melts in your mouth gives you that warm feeling. The dark cholocate cookie is pretty too as well as the peanut butter one but the best is the walnut one. fyi: get a cookie that is a bit under cooked and not as dark. It taste a bit better p.s- I have yet to try their cinnamon buns. That's because I heard from the ladies who work there that they only offer it on saturday and sundays.  I heard from oprah that they are hella good. ( everything coming from oprah is good) but lets see if it's true.
Beyond my expectation! I am glad to go there all the way from California! Crunchy out side, moist inside. Unlike any other cookies. This is one of 'must go' in New York.
I would give this place a 5 but $4 for a cookie?!!? ur kidding me... i was shocked at how much it cost. They were friendly and all but I couldn't get over the fact I just spent $4 on a cookie. Thats like a full McDonalds meal off the dollar menu!
This  place is overrated. I ordered the dark chocolate with chocolate chips cookie. it was unsatisfying. The fresh baked smell is good, the dark chocolate color was right, but as i took my first bite, there wasn't enough chocolate in it. It was mostly a high sugary taste with a hint of chocolate. This cookie is what you find in most instances in life, it has all the looks but lacks chocolate depth.
Founds this place on Yelp while me and some friends were eating lunch nearby and needed dessert.  So we decided to go and see what all these great reviews were about. Its just a small hole in the wall bakery with only about enough standing room for 5 people to get in, get a cookie, and get out and enjoy it. So As for the cookies themselves they are like a little bit of heaven. Or should I say a glob of heaven! I got the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie and this cookie is just a mound of the most delicious chocolate  cookie dough I have ever eaten! Its crispy on the outside but gooey and delicious on the inside. I typically am not a fan of cookies I'll have you know but when I tried this cookie I couldn't finish it all, not because it was horrible, but because it was so rich and delicious I couldn't take it all down (granted I didn't have any more water, but had I had another water bottle it would have been gone). Overall these are the most delicious cookies I have ever had and you HAVE to get one.
Cookies are ridiculous. In every way.
I do not understand what the hype about Levain Bakery cookies are. I'd seriously prefer homemade cookies any day. If you are visiting NYC, save yourself the line and go somewhere else! It's not worth it!
Though they have a few breads and breakfast items to justify their existence as a bakery (cf. cupcake "bakeries"), the cookies are far and away the main attraction. Like New York bagels, they have a perfectly crisp exterior and a warm, doughy interior that's made possible by their sheer mass which doesn't flatten out in the oven. Though I couldn't ever make them a habit, they're substantial enough to justify the four dollar price tag, and they're unique enough to justify waiting in line. Plan on getting them to go.
It was a snow day yesterday, so I took the kiddies that I babysit up to  the Museum of Natural history. After five hours of sprinting after the kids, sweating in the butterfly conservatory,  having an accident in the brain exhibit,  apologizing to strangers, paying for the broken box of shark teeth and glass ornaments that were delicately set up on the edge of a table at the gift shop, they were DYING for a treat before we headed back downtown. I could think of nothing better than fulfilling my dream of visiting the infamous Levain Bakery.... We trekked through sludge and snow from 81st to 74th and I assured the kids that it would surely be worth it despite their 20+ complaints. These kids are HUGE fans of Milk & Cookies on Commerce, so they had expectations to be filled. Note to all who enter: the stairs that lead to the bakery/basement are extremely steep and slippery. Don't let the nine year old go first! Aside from the two people sitting on the two stools, we were the only customers inside. The jerk behind the counter mumbled, "can I help you?" (He looks enthralled to be here, he would obviously rather be watching Skins on MTV). The kids look at me (they like to order for themselves) and I gave them the nod. One ordered a scone (wtf!??) the other orders a chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, i ask for the same and the other orders a chocolate chip cookie (not knowing there are nuts inside). The cookies are FOUR dollars a piece, but I hand my wad of cash over to the oldest and let her count out the money. She hands jerk the money and he says, "SIXTEEN." "what?" i say. "do we have enough?" I watch him recount and he hands over the bag. Geeze, could you TRY and act friendly? They're nice kids, damn it! He hands me the bag and i ask the kids if they want them now, or when we get to the subway. They decide they'll taste much better when we get to the train on 72nd. We head out and the little one says, "he didn't even ask if we wanted milk!" Honestly, I didn't see a sign for milk or drinks and I don't think my wallet had the cash for a round of 4 dollar milks. The warm bag of cookies was tough to carry and I just couldn't wait to dig in. Well, we get to the platform and (gasp) to my surprise teenage dirtbag gave us the wrong cookies! Not one chocolate peanut butter chip cookie :( And nuts in a cookie? "Why would somebody do that?" quotes the little one. Now I had three crying children about to get on the one train that then started to call him rude face. These are the future "foodies" of NYC and they're huge on customer service. UWS location, you won't see us again until you apologize for rude face. Til' then, we'll be in the Village....  I just might be able to convince them into going to the Hamptons location during the summer.
Simply good cookies that come warm from the oven. The chocolate chips and walnuts cookie ($4) was delicious, especially since the chocolate chips inside were melted. The texture is flaky on the outside and chewy on the inside. Oatmeal raisin cookie ($4) was only okay, since I'm partial to chocolate.
I knew I had to see what Levain was all about when my good friend told me it way-laid her from enrolling at Soulcycle less than two blocks away.  This is not an uncommon occurence for us, I assure you.   I would categorize this as a blondie.  My walnut chocolate chip hockey puck was incredibly dense and rich.  I could only get through a quarter of it.  I much prefer the classic thinner crispy edged, soft centered cookies of say, Jacque Torres.
What's not to love about this place (maybe the price .. if I really had to name one thing, $4.00 cookies now ..) - Cookies are always served fresh off the oven rack: warm, moist, gooey and the size of a softball. Chocolate chip walnut cookie is my goto thing. - The sticky buns are what they would serve you in heaven, I think, if you ever make it there. Can't go wrong with either Walnut or Raisin. They are usually gone by 12:00 PM. - Unpretentious staff and owners, always smiling.
The chocolate peanut butter cookie was like a slab of cookie dough with crispy cooked edges. I happen to like it that way, and it was delicious. It was like having melted gooey peanut butter and chocolate in my mouth. $4 per cookie. Awesome.
The cookies look small, but are rather thick. They are slightly undercooked and very warm and gooey. Unfortunately I found it to be too sweet and chocolatey for my tastes.
its no wonder that Levain's has such amazing reviews.  The cookies are unreal, and are made fresh every day.  Fortunately (or unfortunately), i've lived on 74th street for the past 4 years, within about a 10 second walk to Levain's.  I walk past the store every day and hear it taunting me!  All I can do is go in and grab a chocolate chip walnut cookie... which gives me a big smile... and a big waistline!!!
Dark chocolate peanut butter and chocolate with walnut cookies are best in class.  Soft, very warm yet surprisingly sturdy, not grainy, not too sweet.  I generally do not like nuts in my cookies but Levain's is the exception.  The only downside is that each cookie costs $4.
Recommends: Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie Ordered: Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie Spent: $4 per cookie We found Levain in a hopeless place... -324347 degrees in NYC, 2 hour wait at Jacob's Pickles, we braved our way to this extremely tiny bakery. Another 15 minute wait in the line that is forced to often extend out the door? No Problem - totally worth it for that warm, giant, mushiness, yuuummm. What makes me come alive! The store functions mostly as a bakery with a very small storefront and some wall counter space. Cookies are ginormous with squishy insides. Honestly, this is the closest that I've come to having that home baked cookie feel - as in top of the list for store bought cookie, but doesn't necessarily hit the spot for me. Price is a bit hefty, but hey it's huge! So on a cold day, warm your heart, and your stomach with some Levain.
How can you not give it 5 stars? If you're smart you'll get dropped off at Columbus Circle and hoof it through Central Park here. Order the ridiculous cookies the size of your palm and feast, then walk off that sugar coma back down central park. Otherwise, bus it, pick up cookie(s) and die happily of food coma-y goodness. Everyone seems to have their favorites but I liked the chocolate-peanut butter best. The older I get the more decadent and hedonistic my loves seem to get as well. Oh...and despite the scone-like size and shape of the cookie, it's surprisingly moist, almost brownie-ish inside.
Chocolate chip cookies that make you want to weep with joy. If you didn't know what you were looking for, it's so easy to miss this place on the street.  You have to walk down a set of steps since it's below street level.  The only way you'd know something special is going on is by the line that goes out the door at peak hours.  This place is bustling with bakers working to keep the flow of baked goodies going, and the smell is delish!  Their chocolate chip cookies aren't your typical flat-baked dessert.  These ones are giant mounds of gooey goodness - best eaten hot and right on the spot.  Everyone stops by, and you'll find nannies with kids, young adults, senior citizens (who smartly bring store-bought milk with them to eat with their baked goods), and business men in suits.  Everyone who comes here has one shared interest in mind, and that's mouthwatering cookies and coffee cakes, and whatever is available for the day.  Come by - you'll love it!  Seating is limited (think 6 stools that line the small quarters), and a bench outside.  You'll mostly find patrons standing outside or perched on a stool as they gorge on the deliciousness.
Like everybody else on here, I too was referred to Levain by friends. The shop is about 4 steps below the sidewalk line and is probably only big enough for about 6-8 patrons at one time. Although they serve a few other baked goods, people are only really here for one thing: the cookies. The biggest dilemma is determining which of the four cookies to order: chocolate chip walnut, chocolate-chocolate chip, oatmeal and peanut butter. My only gripe is that there is no old fashioned chocolate chip cookie sans walnuts. I'm not a nut-in-my-choco-cookie kinda guy. I just want dough and chips. So I went with the chocolate-chocolate chip cookie. It was phenomenal, and I rarely say that about anything. Rich, chewy and somewhat cakey, these cookies are a lot to handle for one person. Though each cookie is $4.00, they can easily be split. As some have said, if you're a crispy cookie kind-of-person, than this place probably isn't for you. For us out-of-towners, what will end up happening is that you will either request cookies be sent home to you from others who venture to New York, or others will request that you bring cookies home with you the next time you're in town. Levain charges an arm and a leg to ship their cookies and chances are, you'll spend upwards of $100.00 once all is said and done (cookies+tax+shipping). My suggestion (and one given to me by a staff member), is to purchase said cookies, head down the street to Rite-Aid, buy a little tupperware, then head over to the UPS store and send it inside a bubble mailer -- all of which are within walking distance of the bakery. Will make this a regular homage whenever I'm in New York. 5-stars: "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
The line was long but the wait was short.  We ordered two cookies.  A chocolate chip walnut cookie and a dark chocolate peanut butter cookie.  We ate the walnut cookie first and it was some SERIOUSLY good cookiness.  So soft and not too sweet.  The chocolate is delicious.  The cookies aren't cheap at $4 each but they're HUGE.  Quality and quantity. If you prefer soft over hard (insert inappropriate joke here), then eat the cookie right out of the store.  I had the dark chocolate cookie later that night and it wasn't as soft but still delicious.
Levain bakery has been featured on so many shows on food network and won a tremendous number of awards. I truly believe that this cookie lives up to its reputation.   Walnut Chocolate Chip: If you like a little crunch on the outside and a nice chocolate chewy gooey in the inside, then this is the cookie for you.  It's mountainesque size may be a bit overwhelming at first and you make think that his huge cookie would be ridiculously sweet, but it is definitely not as sweet as it may appear.   Chocolate Chocolate Chip: I do not typically like Double Chocolate Chip Cookies because I often find that they are too sweet.  However, Levain's bakery walks the line of sweetness.  It's just right.  Just like the walnut chocolate chip cookie, this also has a crisp outer shell with a soft chocolate melt-in-your-mouth center.  Yum! If your cookie doesn't make it to your tummy by the end of the night, have no fear this cookie is just as delicious the next day.  It's definitely best right out of the oven, but if you can't consume this massive cookie rest assured that it'll taste delicious the next day. Their cookies cost about $4 a cookie, which is way more than I would spend. However this cookie is worth every penny.
Found myself on a rare trip to the UWS for brunch and decided to kill two birds with one stone and stop by Levain for a taste of the much hyped cookies.  I must say Levain does live up to the hype, the chocolate chip walnut cookie was very good.  I munched on bits and pieces all day long and even at the end of the day it was still chewy and the chocolate was still melty!  It is prob a good thing (for my waistline and wallet) that I don't live anywhere near there.
This place has the best cookies I have ever tasted. Period. Choc chip walnut or choc peanut butter, just do it.
Excellent cookies! I love the crunch of the outside. The inside is perfect for those fans of cookie dough. I am not really one of them but the rest of the cookie makes up for the uncooked center. Being so huge, it's no wonder it doesn't get cooked. The chocolate roll is great! Make sure they warm it for you.
chocolate walnut please.
Oh my goodness, the cookies here were AMAZING. Really, that's all that needs to be said about this spot. The only reason why this place didn't get a full five stars from me is because there is always a line and the place is so TINY! With all the money they're making, it might be worth investing in a bigger location!!
For a tiny little place, these guys make the best cookies I have ever had. I had Choco-chip Walnut and Oatmeal Raisin Cookies and both were amazing. The price of the cookies a little on the high side(4$/Cookie), but other than that they are amazing. Absolutely no line at all(I went there on a Winter evening around 4PM) and the staff seemed very friendly. Would definitely go over and over again. If anyone from Levain Management is reading this, if you guys bring down the price of the cookies by a dollar i.e. make 3$/Cookie, I think you would definitely get more business and more customers and will surely make up same profits. Just a Though :)
My husband first introduced me to this place when he brought home their famous cookies and one of their delicious flatbreads.  I was hooked! I've taken both of their breakfast breads and also italian breads classes which were fun and informative.  It also made me realize that my favorite thing in their bakery has to be their oatmeal-raisin scones (and I'm not even a scone eater!).  Seriously, you MUST try their scones - I know, I know - usually scones conjure up images of dry bricks but these scones are moist, slightly sweet and salty, and just lovely.   I used to only eat their chocolate chip-walnut cookie, but then I tried their chocolate peanut butter cookie and started only eating those.  Finally, I tried their chocolate chocolate chip cookie and their oatmeal raisin cookie and these two are my absolute favorite (which is odd because usually i'm not a fan of either).  Their cookies are dangerous (both because of their high calorie content and also the fact that it could be used as a weapon) so watch out! This review might be a bit biased as I am a Levain groupie now.  Most mornings, I am sitting on the bench in front of the bakery with my best friend, Margaret, and my two dogs.  I usually only have coffee, and sometimes an occasional scone or blueberry muffin - I mostly come here because I like the routine of seeing all the people who work there, and all of the other regulars, and of course, the yummy food!
C is for Cookie! I am a self-proclaimed Cookie Monster and adamantly believe nothing beats freshly baked, chocolate chip cookies, oh and it doesn't hurt that Levain's are MASSIVE. It reminds me of my brother who recently came home from living abroad for years. While baking cookies, he kindly asks me if I would like a cookie. I said yes (do you even have to ask?).  He then asks if I would like regular or giant size.  "Regular" I say. But bless his heart when he hands me the cookie it's nearly the size of my head.  Ok, so slightly unrelated story but the moral of the story is the SAME.  GIANT cookies are never a bad idea.  I'll probably be kicking myself for typing this when I OD on sugar or have to check into Betty Ford for extreme cookie addiction, oh well YOLO!! I got the chocolate chip walnut AND the chocolate with peanut butter. Yup that happened. I bought two. For myself. Don Hate!  My lovely cousin and NewYork host bought two as well, but she was actually going to share with her boyfriend.   Amateurs ;)   Walking away from Levain Bakery which Ellen and I had taken two different subways and half the afternoon to arrive at...I felt pure joy, my fist desperately clutching my two cookie bricks safely nestled in their paper bag.  I gobbled them up, alas not in one sitting like I intended, but spread out over two days.  Afterwards I groaned, cookie baby!! i'd name it Sugar.  xoxo
I love cookies.  I think the most essential type of cookie is a chocolate chip cookie.  With that said, Levain Bakery's "Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie" IS THE BEST COOKIE I'VE EVER HAD.  No, I'm not exaggerating.  I am so glad that I had the opportunity to enjoy this cookie before I die:) Nice location not far from Central Park and the Natural History Museum...easy to miss unless you have the address.  It's actually below street level.  The girls working there are very sweet and will give you suggestions.  However, I did ask for the secret recipe that makes these cookies so moist, plump, and tasty, and was told that if I was given it I "would have to be killed". Also had the oatmeal cookie, another favorite of mine.  My friends both preferred that one over my favorite.  If the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie was a woman I would make sweet love to her every night.
Right on, that chocolate chip cookie was riiiiiiiidiculous. I was there with a co-worker who told me these cookies were the best, but $4. My jaw dropped and he just said, "yeah but once you taste it, you'd pay $5." He was right. I can't figure out how they get it so perfectly browned ALL the way around the cookie. So good.
I've had the cookies here before a few times but haven't had the opportunity to review it. $4 cookies might seem egregious but it's well worth it. On the weekends they make sticky buns (which were also featured on Oprah) so that's my next adventure when I visit Levain!
The Giants were getting man-handled by the Bengals, so I decided to hop over during half time for a comfort food pick me up. There is really no exaggerating how amazing the chocolate chip walnut cookie is. The line was 5 ppl out the door, but that did not deter me.  Luckily, they are quite efficient and I waited less than 10 minutes for cookie nirvana. Sorry, to anyone with nut allergies like my bf. You will never truly know the crispy, gooey, chocolatey goodness of this cookie.  I got him a slice of the banana chip bread which looks good, but I already know will fall short of the cookie.  As the sugar rush kicks in washed down with a glass of cold milk, I'm whisked away to a happy place. Giants who?
This is my first review on Yelp ever and I decided to review Levain.  It goes to show how much I love its cookies! I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chocolate chip and walnut cookie!!!  Oh my god!  It's so good and HUGE.  And it's just $4... amazing. I usually go and buy 3-4 cookies that lasts me for almost a week.  If you don't get it fresh off the oven, just pop it in a microwave for 10 seconds.  Have it with a glass of milk and you will understand what I'm talking about!
Amazing cookies.  How do they make them so big and still get them cooked?  It's a mystery to me!  I got one of each I think I like the dark chocolate with the chocolate chips that best, but all were great!
This is a little out of the way we usually travel but felt it worth the detour our last trip to the City to see what all the uproar was about. Yes, the cookies are large and yes, they're delicious. Yes, they are crunchy outside and chewy inside. I'm sorry Levain lovers but it ended there for me. I can make three dozen equally good cookies at home for $4. I can also add another $50 to my $4 and eat a steak at a number of Manhattan steak restaurants. See you there.
You can smell the cookies from down the block.  It's terrible and wonderful at the same time; a bit like watching reality TV.  As you walk towards the place, you wonder where this amazing smell is coming from because the shop is a bit hidden away.  It's like following a treasure map - with your nose. All other cookies should worship these cookies.  They are just the right amount of crunchy on the edges, and ooey gooey soft and chewy in the middle (plus they feel like they just popped out of the oven).  They're unbelievably rich so you should get one of each and share with your friends.  These cookies make the world a better place.
Yes, another voice in the choir. Their cookies are good. So good that I want to just keep eating them until I gain hundreds of pounds and I'm no longer able to walk or fit through doors so my family just puts me in a gigantic tent in the backyard and stuffs cookies into my mouth because I can't lift my fat arms or even get them to my mouth anymore, and when I need a cleaning they just roll me along the lawn and hose me down. We all have dreams.
This is a pretty cool little place.  It was hard to find though, because I walked by 3 times before I figured out the location.   Staff is super friendly and nice, so it makes my effort to be here worth while.   This place was a recommendation from a friend.    It is quite expensive for cookies though.  $4/ cookie. Sure the double chocolate cookies are great, but I think they are too sweet for my tooth though.  My favorite is chocolate peanut butter actually.   The order of how i liked the cookies... 1. Chocolate peanut butter 2. Chocolate chip walnut 3. Oatmeal 4. Double Chocolate. I bought the cookies and didn't get a chance to eat it till days later.   I heat it up for 30 seconds in the microwave.  You can eat it while melting & crumbling hot OR wait awhile to eat.   Enjoy.
The cookies are absolutely incredible.  I thought the chocolate chip would be my favorite but it was the Oatmeal Rasin by far. I'm obsessed with this place!!!
Panic in Cookie Park Like a zillion other Yelpers, I love the Levain cookie. But I knew that I had to go back to review the bakery at least three times to establish an opinion that was up to Yelp standards. That's when I became trapped in the cookie's ironclad grip. God help me. Rush. Elation. Chasing the high. The gutter. You meet the same cookieheads on the way up as you do on the way down. I went a day without eating one, and the cookie monster from Sesame Street appeared and started chasing me through my office. Now, as I sit a few blocks away from the bakery in Sherman Square at 72nd Street and Amsterdam, it's Panic in Needle Park circa 2010, and my fix is Levain's chocolate chip walnut. All around me are other cookieheads scratching themselves, keeping their eyes peeled for the cookie monster.
Large cookies that were cooked perfectly- soft and gooey on the inside, crispy on the outside- but too sweet. Liked the oatmeal raisin over the dark chocolate chocolate chip and their signature chocolate chip walnut.
Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip, Chocolate Chip Walnut, Oatmeal Raisin, anything that comes out of the Levain Bakery oven really.. I'll take five!  These sweet treats are perfect!  Super gooey and melty in the middle, but golden brown and a little crispy on the outside. I'm never disappointed in my cookie experience at Levain!
The best chocolate chip walnut cookie ever. I searched high and low and just about everywhere but no cookie has come anywhere close. I love love love these cookies! I live in San Francisco and I had a friend bring 6 back for me because they are that good!  We need a bakery like that here! Ps. Especially good with a tall glass of cold milk. :)
Finally made it here after seeing pictures on numerous blogs.  Smelled unbelievable, looked unbelievable, but taste was just good.  The cookies were VERY big, but for the price, I guess I just expected more.  Don't get me wrong, these are very good cookies, and very big cookies, but for me, not worth the price.
At $4 dollars per cookie, it better be good and guess what?  It was DAMN GOOD!  The cookie was massive in size too, so it was well worth $4 bucks!  The cookie was sooo soft.  IT'S SO FLUFFFY!!!  Okay, I need to calm down...I am getting way too excited.   Aside from cookies, they also have bread and stuff.  I want to try their baguettes.   As for the store itself, it is tiny.  But you know what they say, good things come in small packages!  So make your tummy smile and try a cookie from here =].  Oh and 4 stars instead of 5 because they didn't have just peanut butter cookies (BOOO! You guys should totally add it to your menu, you could make loads of $$$ just from me alone...hint hint).
I've been to this bakery twice. Once about a year and a half ago, and the second time this past Saturday afternoon, ~4pm. LOVE! I'm a huge cookie fan and Levain's sit near the top of my list. The bakery itself is somewhat hidden. Very small, no room to eat within but luckily Central Park is only two blocks away. They do have a couple benches outside, but with many people waiting, it's improbable you'll get one. The first time I went (1.5yrs ago), I remember my friend and I had a bit of a hard time actually finding the place. No such event occurred my second time -- due to the line of people being out the door and into the street. It was a 10/15 minute wait. I chose the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter and my bf chose the Oatmeal Raisin. His was the favorite. I love dark chocolate and peanut butter... but those two in an immense, calorie-packed cookie.. well, my taste buds and tummy felt everything after just four bites. Each cookie is seriously 3-4 regular cookies; "regular" being perhaps a Chips Ahoy cookie. The Oatmeal Raisin was less sweet, comparedly, and we felt like we were ingesting something lighter, more tummy-tolerable. I saved the cookies for later after we had a taste, and had them for about three days -- they are that immense. (Note: At five feet, I'm pretty petite.) To provide another review (my bf's) -- he was NOT such a huge fan. He said it didn't feel like a real cookie to him. "Of course it will be dough-y on the inside and crunch on the outside. That's what happens when you bake such a huge cookie; the inside is hard to bake!" The sweetness, flavor and size were too much for him, though he did enjoy the Oatmeal Raisin more than my cookie. Well, I'm a fan and I'm definitely going back!
The wait is well worth these chocolate chip cookies. Love the dark cookie dark chocolate combination- less on the sweeter side. Haven't found anything equivalent to this place yet.
Is that a cookie? Is that a scone? What if I said you can get the best of both worlds in one Levain cookie. The Yelp ratings don't lie for this place. I am a sucker for anything and everything that has both the words chocolate and cookie in the same selection. So naturally, I got the "chocolate chip walnut" and my girlfriend got the "dark chocolate chocolate chip" cookies. One bite of each brought me to chocolate cookie heaven. The outside is crisp and crunchy, but the inside is filled with warm, chocolatey, gooey goodness. I prefer the "break-off-a-piece" method, but my girlfriend took the "bite-a-chunk-off" method. Both work just as well, and we were both incredibly satisfied. And the price? Yes... maybe you might think it's a little crazy to spend about $4.00 a cookie. But hey, it's a pretty darn big cookie. And it's delicious at that. Can't finish? Share it. Save it. For the size, quality, and flavor, I say that it's completely worth it. Service is great, friendly, and timely. There was a line out the door and up the stairs, but I waited for just about 5 minutes. I was greeted with a smile, and got my cookie in seconds. Lastly, do not fret if you follow the directions on your map and you still can't seem to find the place. It is pretty much a little hole in the wall. I must've looked like an idiot going back and forth on the same street, looking lost, and losing trust in my sense of direction. You'll find it eventually. Don't give up hope! These cookies are worth it! In short: Chocolate Chip Walnut: A+ Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip: A+ Service: A Price: A I cannot wait to come back and try something new (and get some more chocolate cookies at the same time).
Levain Bakery Math:     9 Chocolate Chip Walnut +  2 Oatmeal Raisin +  1 Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip _______________________________ a dozen wonderful gifts for cookie monsters back home
My mom and I dedicate a whole Sunday morning just for the UWS, walking between Amesterdam and Broadway. After going to Jacques Torres, I was pretty disappointed but I moved on to the next bakery, LEVAIN. I actually had a pretty hard time finding it because a large truck was blocking it., the bakery is small and kind of underground. Obviously the chocolate chip cookies was very delicious, but there's other things you can try too. My mom fell in love with the raisin and walnut roll because it was airy on the inside and the subtle sweetness from the raisins made it perfect. Before we left for LA we bought another box of cookies, the rolls but this time we got scones and a sourdough roll too. Yeah, they were really good. I think Levain is kind of expensive, but I'm sure they're using ingredients with the best qualites, and I'm okay with shelling out an extra $1- 2 for that.
a haiku for the beloved levain bakery: each yummy cookie it's almost sinful to eat buy me more please, thanks! yes, they're big- like half the size of your face big. yes, they're soft and always have that fresh-out-of-the-oven taste and texture. yes, they're freakin amazing. and yes, it is worth the money.
The words to describe how delicious any baked good from Levain simply do not exist.  Anyone who knows me KNOWS that I have the biggest sweet tooth EVER and have tried every bakery in NYC. Of all bakeries, Levain is, by far, the best in NYC, and probably the WORLD. The chocolate chip walnut cookie -- !@#$% 'YA 'GOTTA TRY IT!
I'm salivating just thinking about these cookies right now...if you can call that warm, hulking monstrosity of chocolate goodness a cookie.  I'd just call it a little piece of high-calorie heaven.  Best I've ever had!!!
My sister... who's the BIGGEST cookie snob I know told me to make sure I visit this place in NYC when I went for the first time this past January. She described it as "THE best cookie in the whole wide world". I just "happened" to fly into La Guardia the DAY that plane crash landed on the Hudson and I was delayed in Houston for like 7 hours. By the time I finally got to the city, I was cranky, bitter, and quite pissy about the start to my vacay...  But wow. These cookies sure did make up for it! If I did NOTHING else in the city, these cookies would have been totally worth the travel from Southern Cali to NYC. I don't even want to know how much butter goes into one of these deliciously dense yet moist cookies but one bite would set me good for HOURS. As good as I was, I was even able to eat these cookies throughout my trip and was good even DAYS after I bought them. Crusty crustalicious on the outside and just heaven gooey-ness on the inside. It's like the edible orgasm.
The most memorable cookie you will have in NYC. $4 for a huge one. All 4 are good in their own way but I usually get the chocolate chip walnut one - and the best is when they're hot and crispy on the outside and soft and melted chocolate on the inside. Almost better to ask for whats fresh out the oven and go with that. Minimal seating. Filter coffee or milk to wash it down. Best to go off-peak times - e.g. week days!  - and then you can avoid the crowd - which is a long line that stretches around the corner sometimes! Great "foodie" present too - I got one of each cookie and they box / gift ribbon it. Weighs a tonne though, these cookies are NOT lightweight! Always a top recommendation for visitors and whenever I'm uptown I'll drop in!
I had forgotten how delicious this place is! I think that is the best cookie place in town. Yes, it is huge, but you pay 4$. If you can't eat at once, save it for next day. It wont go stale. I have never tasted such a magnificent cookie. Sure, if you are anorexic or are on a diet, then don't go there. It is caloric. The cookies are large, rich and tasteful. You can actually taste chunks of chocolate on it. You can taste the nuts on it! The only downside? I wish the place had seats and I wish they open more stores around the city. I do commute when I am craving for the chocolate chunk cookie!!!! The yummiest ever! DIVINE!
I don't think I can say that this was the best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever eaten. That is because, you see, this is not just a cookie. Think of it as a cross between a cookie, a brownie, and a scone. And in this unique category, it is one of the best desserts I've ever eaten. You don't have to take my word for it. But promise me you'll try one at some point. It's quite extraordinary. P.S: I tried the double chocolate cookie too, the texture was amazing but I wasn't wowed by the taste.
Came here three days back and something about this place was drawing me back again. I know, it's the desire to experIence once more that heavenly feeling when you put that moist piece of cookie in your mouth, with a crunchy crust, chocolate still melting inside. I couldn't keep my hands off the cookie so I switched on my shameless mode and ate the entire thing in the train while everyone was watching. Nom Nom Nom.
Don't eat a meal before a cookie.... Actually you probably should because you should have some food in your tummy to tackle on the sugar overload from the cookie. The cookies are HUGE but definitely 'small' enough for one person to finish. I saw this bakery beat Bobby Flay for the best choc chip cookie so it was a must try on my trip to NY. We got a box of the choc chip, double chocolate, pb chocolate and oatmeal raisin. Wait, that's all of their cookies..hehe. ($4 a cookie) The choc chip that beat Bobby Flay's cookie- not as good as everyone raves about. I think Mrs. Field's choc chip is better. It was really buttery that it over powered the other flavors going on and I couldn't enjoy the bite of chocolate chips without tasting butter. The dark choc chip- BEST ONE EVER. Very very delicious. Super chocolatey..it made me feel sick after but I was soo in heaven that I didn't care my tummy hurt. PB choc- same dough as the dark choc chip but with peanut butter chips. yummy! Oatmeal raisin- nah..skip. same dough as the choc chip- butter, butter, raisins. there wasn't any cinnamon which is common in an oatmeal raisin, which probably could have helped the cookie. The girls working there are sweet and the bakery serves coffee too. Get the double chocolate chip, a latte and sit on their bench outside the entrance.
This is my number one required stop when I have visitors. Some people buy one 6 oz. cookie and share it with a friend; I don't understand why somebody would do such a thing. Don't be a weenie, buy a double chocolate cookie, live a little! To summarize the other 695 five star reviews: $4 for a cookie, they now take credit cards, cookies are always baked to perfection (ie the outside is cooked enough to hold the goo inside and not a second more).
stop #10 on our FOODSTRAVAGANZA this place has been on my bookmark for over a year now! last time i was in NYC i didn't make it to Levain and it saddend me. this time i made it a point to find it. we asked for the dark chocolate peanut butter and the regular chocolate chip cookie.  excited and not paying attention, i tore a piece off of what i thought was the dc w/pb but it was just a dark chocolate one. i went back in to tell the woman that she gave us the wrong cookie and a guy at the counter said "good one," as we got to keep all three cookies. i'm not shady, buddy. you guys messed up, therefore i deserve the free cookie, thank you very much! anyway, they were warm and had a nice crisp exterior with a soft almost gooey interior. they were laden with butter/oil but well worth the calories.
I can only rate on the chocolate chip cookie with walnuts. THE BEST COOKIE I HAVE EVER EATEN! Warm, delish, melts in your mouth, always want more than one but one is enough. I think they are $4 each or maybe $4.50 and worth it. Be prepared to line up unless you go mid-week. Or i think they also deliver or take orders? Not sure. You owe it to yourself to try this place at least once if you have a sugar tooth. Delish!
Best chocolate chip cookie in the City.  Period.   Beats Momofuku, Amy's Bread, etc etc etc.   Just go have one and experience a food-gasm for yourself.
5 stars is for their chocolate chip, walnut cookie. Amazing! The trick it to not eat too much. One cookie is so big that I can share it with my husband and 2 small children and feel almost satisfied. When we order 2, it always feels like we ate a little too much of a good thing. It's very rich. I haven't tried anything else except for the coffee. The coffee wasn't memorable but the service... I ordered decaf, my friend ordered regular. When the counter guy gave it to us, my friend asked him which was which? The guy had no idea and seemed very confused. After a long time, watching him staring at the 2 cups of coffee, trying to remember which was decaf, we finally suggested that he pour us 2 new cups. He seemed shocked by the suggestion but reluctantly poured us new cups of coffee. Okay, he didn't seem as much rude as much as "not the sharpest tool in the shed." You know what I mean? Oh well, great cookie.
Just like homemade cookies! We were lucky enough to just walk right in with no line and no wait. The location wasn't what I was expecting, it's a very small shop that you walk downstairs to get into. They have displays of the cookies behind a glass window, but don't worry, they grab fresh ones off a tray. We had the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chip Walnut, and the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. My favorite was the chocolate chocolate chip. The cookies were $4 a piece and I think that's reasonable for the size and taste. The cookies were huge and thick, not flat. They were soft and even after a few hours the chocolate chips were still melty! How ya do that?? Honestly, these are probably the best cookies I've bought, but they're not anything you couldn't make at home if you took the time, that's why I give it 4 stars. If you don't have time to bake, which most people don't, you can get fresh cookies here.
I was so excited to try this place, hearing rave reviews from friends and coworkers. I've also tried their dark chocolate chip, months earlier. It was like a brownie, very big and fudgy (it was just okay to me). Chocolate Chip Walnut - I loved how warm and fresh this cookie was. Yet, it was too much chocolate chip for me, very messy, overly soft. The walnuts was the best part! Oatmeal Raisin Cookie - I am an EXPERT on oatmeal raising cookies. The cookie was just okay, overly soft as well. I would suggest that they have oatmeal raisin with walnut. I know, know that it will be good. Note: I am huge on dessert, especially oatmeal raisin cookies. So I may be bias.
Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookie is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth in a very long time. And this time, I was more than happy to swallow - melted chocolate, sugary dough and all. (They also have milk and water on the premises to assist with this. Just saying.)
There's only one way to describe the chocolate chip walnut cookie at Levain; concept of cookies before Levain utterly different from concept of cookies after Levain. Let me start with saying that before having the chocolate chip walnut, cookies didn't even make it onto my radar as one of my favorite desserts. Now, there are days when I crave cookies, specifically these melt in your mouth cookies......yum.
4.9999999 * Indulgence is an understatement. They have four kinds of cookies, and I got the chocolate chip walnut. the peanut butter chip one is another favorite. Is it fair to charge so much for such a delicious cookie? It's huge, and it's worth it, but why $4.00! Honestly, the only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 is because I know that no matter what crack or goodness goes into the cookie recipe, it doesn't amount to $4 per cookie. They accept credit cards, and close fairly early on Saturdays, around 7? Nonetheless, you can't help but be around the area and NOT be attracted to the cookies' aroma... it's too inviting.
I just love this place ! The chocolat chip walnut cookie is my favorite. Though you have to try everything because everything is perfect delicious amazing and melting in your mouth ! My advice is to ask for a cookie from the oven and not too brown and it is heaven !
$4 for huge, potentially warm and gooey cookies that are so dense they are cake-like. I got the dark chocolate chocolate chip one and it smelled so heavenly that I couldn't help tearing at it immediately, despite getting my fingers completely covered in chocolate mess. Wonderful fresh, and still delightful 2 days later. I dunno if everyone would agree that it is worth the price, but it is quite an experience. I enjoy having to walk down some stairs to get to the bakery, as you get an aerial view of the baking and the goings on of the kitchen before ordering your cookies.
Wait in the cold for 10 - 15 minutes to pay $4 for a cookie? Yes you should!! Delicious, yummy.
I think you do need to have just finished the iron man competition or maybe the NY marathon to truly enjoy these cookies. For me the cookies are just a little bit overly buttery and sweet without much more going for them. $4 price tag is also a bit much, but of course I am forgetting how much butter must cost these days. The cookies also do not keep that well so you have to eat the giant thing the same day.
The best chocolate chip walnut cookie ever! Yes, it is $4 a piece but it is humongous- a size of a large scone.    It is perfectly crisp on the outside but once you take a bite, the soft chewy inside, the gooey chocolate, and the toasted walnut all melt in your mouth together.  Please be sure to eat it right away after you buy it, otherwise, it gets a bit hard and loses its magic a tad bit.  It is still scrumptious however.
Best cookies in the city. There's always a line out the door, but believe me it's worth the wait. The walnut chocolate chip cookie is huge and especially when it's freshly made, the chocolate chips are just melting. Definitely a must try.
Okay they really know what they're doing when it comes to cookies. Small hidden gem on the UWS
Another visit to this amazing place which has the best cookies ever! I had the Chocolate Chip Walnut, Double Chocolate Chip and Chocolate Peanut Butter...all arrived warm and gooey and perfect...even better with the nice cold milk.
Arguably the most popular and mainstream baked good in the world is the cookie. Dating back to the 7th century, cookies were created out of the revolutionary and new found sugar trade. Over time, as cookie recipes were mastered, the baked treat was seen as an optimal snack for travel-and of course, as a delicious dessert as well. Probably one of the biggest reasons why cookies have been around for centuries is because, well, they're just so good. It's pretty rare to eat one that won't fill you with joy or butter-but then again, that doesn't mean all cookies are created equally. While you can literally find thousands of great types and brands of cookies in supermarkets, bake sales, homes, and eateries around the city, could there really be a "best" cookie? For most cookie eaters, choosing just one cookie as the "best" would be impossible-maybe even along the lines of picking a favorite parent. But if there was one cookie to reign supreme, it would have to be the ones baked at Levain Bakery. From the look of this modest step-down bakery on the Upper West Side, it appears to be just any old bakery you'd write-off and walk past on the street. But don't judge a book by its cover-or a cookie by its store's exterior. Levain Bakery sells the best cookies in New York City-that is, if you can even call them cookies. A proper name for their cookies would  be "chocolate infused dough monsters." Essentially, they are huge! Easily splittable between two people, Levain's cookies are gargantuan, doughy, and filled with quality ingredients. Although Levain's loyal customers might argue about which of its cookies is the best (other choices include dark chocolate chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and dark chocolate peanut butter chip), the chocolate chip walnut most definitely takes the cake. Even if you're not a huge fan of nuts in your cookies, their chocolate chip walnut cookie is utter perfection. Unlike inferior cookies with itsy-bitsy chocolate chips, Levain Bakery uses hunks of chocolate in theirs. Sure, they call them "chips," but considering the size of its chips, they're more like Dinosaur-chips. Along with the combination of fresh, toasted walnuts, each bite of a Levain chocolate chip walnut cookie is pure heaven. Also, the best part of Levain Bakery is that they always have freshly baked cookies waiting on a baking wire. It's almost as if they're eagerly awaiting your arrival with baited breath, but more importantly, with freshly oozing cookies. All you have to do is point to the cookie you want in the glass counter, and they'll go fetch one that's been cooling down to perfect devouring temperatures. If for some reason you're not a cookie person, Levain also has exquisite breads, including focaccia, ciabatta, and pizza, as well as other baked goods such as scones, bomboloncini, and plain brioche. Essentially, whether you dig sweets or not, this is a bakery no one should underestimate, and for that matter-miss.
There is a reason why Levain consistently gets a 5 star Yelp review...they really are THAT good! I see no valid reason to go anywhere else when you have a cookie jones. That being said, I will leave you with a comment one of my friends emailed me when I asked him how he liked these cookies that I bought for him. It was one word...."cocaine" ...apparently an allusion to the addictive nature of these things!!! I wonder if they will have a 12 step program at Levain.....
I walked into this bakery with really high expectations because I had read that they have some of the best cookies in the county. I got a chocolate chip walnut cookie and an oatmeal raisin cookie...and they were magical!! The chocolate chips were all melty and gooey and the oatmeal raisin were some of the best non-healthy oatmeal raisin cookies that I've ever had.... mmmmm :) My only advice: bring a friend! The cookies are HUGE!! (and still good 2 days later if you dont finish them :P )
It's probably hard to say much more about Levain Bakery than what's already been said, but hot damn, the cookies are good. After lunch a few blocks up at Luke's Lobsters, my girlfriend and I trekked down here to grab a couple of cookies before heading back downtown. Even at 1 PM in the afternoon, there was a quickly growing line out the door to get one of these enormous (and enormously tasty) cookies. It's a small shop, but it's worth the wait and the cramped space to get your hands on one of these bad boys. For $4, you get one of the largest cookies (its size is more comparable to a biscuit) I've seen in one shot. I'm usually not a fan of thicker cookies, but this was delicious. The cookie broke apart very easily, and the chocolate was still hot and gooey from being baked fresh. I'm not a huge fan of nuts with my chocolate chip cookies, but the walnuts work very well in this sweet dough to really give the cookie a complete flavor. We also got a dark chocolate chip cookie, which is just a huge thing of chocolate cookieness. You definitely have to be patient, but the wait is worth it. I don't think I'd eat these that often because it can't possibly be good for your health, but the cookies are probably one of the best (if not the best) I've had - and I've eaten plenty of cookies in my time.
I wish i had these cookies locally. .Ok maybe i don't, i gain 10lbs in nyc this trip almost, and the only thing i ate that really felt worth the weight gain was Levain bakery cookies and a waffles n dinges, and La Sirene... heh
Wonderful Giant choco chip cookies
I tried the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie-- it was crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I like that it was still warm from the oven. It was worth the price.
I feel like shit. I've heard so much about Levain after my friends couldn't stop raving about how worth it it was to throw away their hard earned ball busting gym sessions for a single cookie.  And of course, I had to venture out there to witness it for myself. It was raining when I got there, so there were no lines.  It's a tiny, tiny shop with a steep stairwell, so it lives up to the hole-in-walls-quality hype.  I ordered one of each minus the dark chocolate peanut butter (sans Reese's, peanut butter ain't my thang), and a slice of banana chocolate chip. These bad boys are massive.  I highly advise sharing them if you don't want to feel guilty afterwards.  My coworker and I shared the oatmeal raisin and almost died.  You could taste the buttery flavors everywhere, even hours after it's been baked.  I can only imagine how amazing it must've tasted when it was fresh out of the oven.  And then I went home and tried the chocolate walnut.  I died again.  As a matter of fact, it was so rich, I couldn't finish it.  And that never happens to me, because I will always have a second stomach for desserts. I'm afraid to try the remaining double chocolate chip and banana bread in the box.  If anyone wants to share with me, let me know.  After all, no one deserves to gain 10 pounds from a single cookie in one sitting. Welp, there goes my workout for the week.
I'm not a big fan of cookies, these blow me a way !!!!!!!   really worth trying, but try to go early specially if its a weekend to insure you get what you want
If you like cakey, chewy, almost scone-like-but-not-dry-like-scone cookies, then this place is definitely for you. Levain bakery is a a little, may I say, "hole in the wall" bakery that sells few varieties of baked goods, but the two that I've tried are of delicious quality.  Somehow their chocolate chip cookie with walnut maintains its melted-chocolate chip goodness (or perhaps it was in the midst of the NYC summer), requiring some finger licking, napkin using consumption.  My personal favorite of the two types of cookies was the oatmeal cookie--it was wholesome, not too sweet, and not too guilt-inducing. Their cookies, like I said, are fat, scone like cookies.  If you're into that, then I highly recommend this place for you.
Wow! Well sometimes there's just nothing like a really good cookie and Levain certainly supplies that. I think that with all the copy cat recipes out there I probably won't venture to Levain too often BUT everytime I'm in the area I will probably stop here and grab a hunky, chunky walnut choco chip and I will love it. YUM. A great cookie is hard to find and Levain has a great cookie indeed.
If you like cookies and you don't make a visit, you're an idiot. It's that simple. You will never ever find a cookie like this anywhere else. Ever. I do not live anywhere close to this place and I've already been twice, dragged a friend once, brought cookies to my friends, and basically tell everyone I meet about it. "Hi. Nice to meet you. Do you have diabetes? If not, you should go to Levain Bakery tomorrow. Or now." I fell in love with the walnut chocolate chip cookie and, since I am not a cookie slut, have remained faithful. It is crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. As any cookie should be. It virtually melts in your mouth. Plus, since it is basically the size of my head, i can stow it away and take small bites throughout the afternoon while I leisurely stroll around the city or central park (which is just a hop, skip, and jump away). I think my favorite thing about this place is the smell. You walk up to the place and it just makes you happy. There is no other way to describe it. Barring serious life events (note: heartbreak is NOT a serious life event), this place can make you smile no matter how crappy you feel. I dare you.
HUMONGOUS cookies that will change your life. These cookies are each 6 oz each, about 6 times bigger than the average cookie. The cookies are a perfect combination of a crunchy outside with a totally gloriously gooey inside.  At $4 a pop, it is a steal as you can EASILY share with a friend. You gotta try this bakery. Your life will never be the same.
OK, so $4 for a cookie is super overpriced, but a nearly 1/2 pound cookie loaded with butter, walnuts, choc chips, and crumbly cookie dough = SO WORTH IT! I tried the chocolate chip walnut and the peanut butter chocolate. Definitely go for the chocolate chip walnut, and share it with a friend. These cookies are as big as your face and can probably act as a meal. Crispy on the outside and melted gooey cookie doughy sweetness on the inside with half melted chocolate chips. Need I say more? There's a reason why this place is so famous. We need one of these in the Bay!
They looked a little bigger on Throwdown but heavenly tasting for sure. The oatmeal cookies are surprisingly yummy and unique. Baked fresh and warm, now the bakery just needs a few seats and maybe a few more products.
World's bestest cookies - thats all I have to say about this place!! Always expect a wait line outside this tiny little bakery - but so so worth all the waiting !
their cookies are truly amaze! my sis and I got one before we walked in central park (during December, lovely day it was!!!)
Saw the double chocolate chip cookie on TV and had to try them. Don't go anywhere else, go here. Get these cookies. Bring milk, I don't care what you do to be honest but if you haven't eaten these cookies than you haven't lived.
Gigantic cookies and yet crispy! I love the dark chocolate peanut butter one, but the banana bread was just okay. There was a line, but it moves very quickly. Will come back for the cookies whenever I'm in the neighborhood again.
Crispy yet chewy chocolate chip walnut Order one of each flavor Obscenely caloric Kris Kringle would luv one on Christmas Eve Impressive size Exquisite taste Sinful
This was one helluva chocolate chip walnut cookie. Don't let the $4 pricetag scare you -- these are HEFTY cookies. Can we even call them cookies? Let's call them edible doorstops. The second you go down the stairs and walk through the door, the smell of buttery goodness hits you like a brick. A delicious, melt-in-your-mouth, not-too-sweet brick. It literally lasted me days.
chocolate chip cookie perfection.  I don't even like walnuts, but ordered the famed walnut chocolate chip cookie.  There is nothing this cookie doesn't do.  It has high quality never bitter crunchy walnuts, crispy crumbly outer edges and an oooey gooey chocolatey cookie center.  The cookie is served warm and its perfect eaten right away, but is still delicious as a leftover many hours later if you can believe it lasted this long.   Its also known that these chocolate chip walnut cookies cure PMS, headaches, depression and general malaise so get your ass over to that basement bakery, watch your step down the stairs and order up.
First off, I am not a huge cookie fan. But for Levain, I can make an exception! I have had many missed encounters with Levain, having wanted to come here for a long long time. If only there were open later! But I digress.... My first encounter with Levain came totally unexpected. My friends and I were trying our luck with Alice's Tea Cup, which turned into a 3 hour wait. With our ravenous appetites, we decided to search for other options in the vicinity. That is when the light bulb went off, and I happily exclaimed, let's go to Levain! To my shock, my companion had never heard of them. (Say what? I thought you lived in the UWS!) I quickly ushered her along, as we briskly walked towards the holy grail of cookies. Upon arriving, with our luck, there were only a few people ahead of us, and we were allowed a few minutes to hungrily stare at the monstrous cookies laying ahead. We chose the Chocolate Chip Walnut and the Dark Chocolate. The cookie was.... heaven! The outside had that nice cookie crunch, but the inside was gooey melty goodness. My friend described it as almost brownie like. Yum yum yum! Whenever we're back up in the area, we always head back to Levain, and each time is as good as the last! P.S. We also tried their Artichoke pizza. Definitely a great choice if you're looking for a light meal. We'll be back to try the other flavors!
i came here for the first time on friday night, and was surrpised by how small and packed it was!  the bakery smelled so sweet (obviously :-) i purchased a chocolate and walnut cookie for $4 (which is a lot even for that amount of sugar), and told myself i would only eat half.  problem is, i am not a huge fan of leftovers, and it was so moist and soft, i ended up eating the whole cookie.  i had my cookie at starbucks, and a lot of passerbys oogled, and said, "omg that looks so good!"  levain cookies are iconic! really good idea to have a cup or two of tea (i had chamomile and it was a good pairing). yay!
This place never disappoints. On my ump-teenth visit, I once again decided to go for the double chocolate chunk cookie which comes freshly baked - so fresh that the chunks of chocolate are still ooey-gooey when you dive into the cookie an hour later. Yum! All of the other cookies purchased - included chocolate chip walnut and chocolate peanut butter received moans of delight from those stuffing their faces with sweet delectable goodness. Levain is so good, I can't stay away!
I wish I could give it more stars!!! BEST cookie I've ever had, hands down.  It's also the biggest.  Chewy in the middle, YUM. SOOOO GOOD.  When I lived on the upper east side, I'd take a stroll across central park every weekend and pick one (or a few) up.  Definitely big enough to share, although once you taste it you won't want to!  The rest of their baked goods are delicious as well.  I live in LA now, and looked into ordering them online and having them shipped but the shipping charges are ridiculous, so for now I'll just crave them until my next visit to NYC!
in my heaven, levain's chocolate chocolate cookies exist by the dozen.
I don't really like chocolate chip cookies, but nonetheless I came, got the famous chocolate chip walnut cookie, tried it, then got back on the subway towards the west village. It was warm, super soft, and tasted homemade. Worth it? Yes, I'd say so. Retrospectively, I should've also tried something else but I wasn't that hungry for a cookie. We were lucky in that there was hardly a line when we got there. Upon my exit, a long line had formed. So I guess don't plan a quick in and out if you're in a time crunch.
Heard about this wonderful place in a book called "My Life in Loubies"! Hahaha! Their cookies look like freaking scones. But they certainly do not taste like scones. Its a mound of chewy goodness. My favorite was their dark chocolate peanut butter. Took me a good week to finish this, but it was enjoyable! Not too sweet!! I dont know why, but I really liked the texture of it. You bite into it, chew, and somehow just melts in your mouth! I tried their chocolate chip with walnuts! Also very delicious and nutty! But i preferred the dark chocolate with PB! They should migrate to California...specifically Orange County. Just saying.. :)))) I miss NY! Enjoy! :)
Oh the lengths I would go to for a Levain cookie... On my last visit I sprinted, yes SPRINTED from the 2 train to the bakery making it through the doors at 6:59 on the dot, one minute before closing. My sweat was worth it, and of course anything to help burn off a couple calories that you'll consume in just one bite of their mouth watering cookie. This is a small bakery that churns out giant cookies. Actually, more like giant delicious cookies. But more specifically, giant delicious cookies that ooze (literally) the richest flavors of chocolate, oatmeal/raisin and peanut butter, they can't help but melt in your mouth. Levain could seriously be the death of me. 1) Because each cookie is $4. I don't even have $4 to buy groceries but if my sweet tooth is calling for a cookie, I have to satisfy it. And the $4 is totally worth it. And 2) I'm now definitely on the road to diabetes. Fresh off the oven, or even a day later, the cookies taste just as good. If that doesn't say anything about quality, I don't know what does.
This place is all hype, $4 per cookie! Yeah, they are big but they are raw in the middle. While this makes the Dark Chocolate, Chocolate Chip taste like brownie mix, the Oatmeal Raisin closely resembled cold porridge in texture and flavor. I feel like they missed a great opportunity to add some cinnamon. Overall, both my cookies were about 80% raw. I also tried their Banana Chocolate Chip bread. This was the exact opposite; the middle was perfect, but the edges were completely dry. Sadly, I was disappointed.
Chocolate chip walnut cookies...for four dollars??!? Worth it. Not only is it delicious, but it's huge! With a nice cup of milk, nothing is better. I'm a big guy, but one cookie is almost a meal for me. The cookie has about a stick of butter in it, but somehow it still works. It's a small place, but filled with flavor.
YUM YUM YUM! I went here for the first time when I was in college and some friends had heard of this amazing cookie! 4 Years later It is still as delicious! If you are not looking for the place, you might walk right by it, but don't be fooled by the little shop it is HEAVEN! The cookies literally melt in your mouth. When you take a bite the delicious creaminess of the cookie and chocolate melt in your mouth. We also got a couple of cups of milk and it was the perfect combo! We have tried them all and they are all as amazing as the last one! We cannot wait to go back!
Well worth the trek uptown. I've had cookies from here, but haven't really gone here yet till today. It's a small space, so if your in groups I suggest having one person go in for you. the cookies are huge! It's totally worth the $4!
The best cookie I ever had! A fat cookie with lots of chocolate chips! Delicious! Fat cookies :) Who doesn't love cookies! Yum!!!
These could be the best cookies ever.  They are $4+ but I try and justify it by the fact that they are huge.  I love the chocolate with peanut butter.  The best part is normally you get these cookies still warm from the oven.  Is there anything better?
yummmoooo every year a good friend sends these for the holidays. they are delicious!!!!!!  they are soft fresh moist everything a great massive sized cookie should be :)
My personal cookie Nirvana: Chocolate Chip & Chocolate Peanut Butter You have to take a friend to share the cookie with you unless you want to end up having to skip dinner because you ate an entire days worth of calories in one single "snack". Levain means serious cookie business. These things are pretty much half baked dough balls that taste so incredibly rich, gooey and utterly delicious that you will want to eat the whole thing by yourself against all better judgement. Take a friend, split a cookie, be happy.
Levain sells cookies that make all other cookies seem inadequate. Even though it's counterintuitive, you should go during peak moments when everyone else would also be scrambling for a Levain cookie because that's when they tend to be freshly out of the oven.
Diabetes mellitus type 2 is a metabolic disorder that is characterized by high blood glucose in the context of insulin resistance and relative insulin deficiency. A number of lifestyle factors are known to be important to the development of type 2 diabetes: 1) Lack of exercise 2) Weight problem 3) Consumption of more than 50% of a Levain Bakery cookie in the span of one month The key to a good cookie is texture and you can't have texture without structural integrity. Unfortunately, Levain uses pure cane sugar as its structural foundation (rather than, say, its dry-wall). The result is an intensely rich, chocolatey behemoth that over-indulges the sweet tooth. And for those who don't like pretentious reviews: Try'em once - they're good. But they're basically too sweet.
Get: ~Oatmeal cookies (4.5 stars when warm): these are probably the best cookies to eat straight out of their ovens.  They're not too undercooked, with loads of chewy texture to stand up to the sweetness, nearly biscuit-like. $4 ~Triple chocolate cookie (4 stars): these are the best ones to get to reheat later at home.  They melt wonderfully in the microwave/oven, giving them a nearly brownie-like texture.  The bitterness of the dark chocolate is a welcome addition to the doughy sweetness.  $4 ~Blueberry muffin (4 stars): almost cakelike in quality and bursting with blueberries with a crusty top, it's one of my favorite muffins in town.  $3 Skip: ~Chocolate chip walnut cookie (3 stars): these cookies really are just too doughy for me, and that is probably the point of contention for haters and lovers of this bakery.  It's my least favorite cookie that I've gotten there, which isn't to say that I dislike it, but the others I mentioned above are superior in my opinion, one for now, one for later. $4 Wait: ~none at 11am Friday, although there was always a line and they were never really without customers.  Staff was always friendly.
The chocolate chip walnut cookie is the most amazing cookie I have EVER had. I have tried making copy-cat recipes and they are delicious, but not as good as this! But the chocolate with peanut butter was more like a brownie/cake than a cookie. I made a better version of this ;) They only have 4 flavors,and I have tried them al. LOVE LOVE LOVE the chocolate chip walnut and REALLY like the oatmeal raisin. The chocolate ones... meh (And I am a chocolate LOVER!). The great thing is that these cookies are so gigantic it is big enough to share. And they can sit out for a couple of days and still taste perfectly fresh. So I am a Vegas girl... not used to these little store fronts and walking 20 blocks for a bakery... but it was worth it! Walked from Grand Central to Central Park to Levain. Oh yeah, walked off about 5% of one cookie. I'd do it all over again. So... AMAZING cookies, small store but quick service. THIS place is one of the main reasons I would re-visit NYC. This was a *goal* of mine to visit this place before I die, and now I have. I'm good.
OH MY GOD! This is the only place that makes me just do extremely stupid things like drop 4 bucks for one cookie and sacrifice a weeks worth of exercise by indulging on one baked good item. It is just that good. They are famous for the cookies, but honestly, their brioche, sticky buns, muffins and banana breads are just as yummers (if not more so). I just wish they made more of them as the other baked goods SELL OUT FAST, so get there early in the am if you wanna try something other than the cookies (it is well worth it).
Still very much the front runner of freshly baked gourmet cookies. I have still yet to find another bakery that can compete. I am open to suggestions my fellow Yelpers. People may be horrified the second they hear that these cookies will set you back $4.00 per piece. For someone like me, and I am sure most of you out there are like me, these big a$$ cookies will last you the entire day. This time around, it literally took me 3 days to finish it albeit I snacked on it once a day. Even on the final day did it still taste as good as it was when I first bought it. If you're into the soft gooey cookies, then Levain Bakery is definitely for you. Don't give this place another thought if you like them hard and crunchy.
Not much left to be said about this place. If you're looking for the best cookie experience of your life, come here. It's completely worth the wait. I urge you to bring a friend so you don't end up inhaling the entire chocolate chip cookie on your own (like I may have done). Perfectly soft and chewy on the inside with a nice crispy exterior, just the way a cookie should be. I'll definitely be back.
hands down the most delicious cookie i have EVER had!!! i was skeptical at first- 1) not really a fan of nuts being thrown into my desserts, and 2) i really could not imagine a cookie being so amazing, i mean maybe a cake, or a gooey pie, but cookies are generally standard issue. not the case! this cookie was SO delicious, crispy on the the outside, warm and gooey on the inside (even the next day!) only complaint- they need to start selling milk on site!
Bone-shatteringly cold, one of those days on which having to go even one extra STREET block seems like certain death. Friend insists on dragging us TWO AVENUES out of our way because we HAVE TO!! have some cookies at Levain. I follow unwillingly and am already grouchy even before we go down the sketchy stairs and are treated like street curs by the prematurely embittered tween working the counter who doesn't have time to deign to make eye contact with us because her eyeballs are already occupied with the exhausting task of rolling about disdainfully in their sockets.  My rage grows when I am relieved of some psychotic sum of money ($5 or similar) in exchange for a cookie.  A SINGLE COOKIE.  I'm considering breaking up with my friend when I bite into the coconut macaroon (as in squishy fat cookie, not sandwich macaron).  Its chewiness and general mouthfeel, flavor, and level of  sweetness are sublime, the best cookie I have ever eaten.  I now love that friend more than ever and don't even notice the cold.
A friend told me about Levain and his review was so psychotically glowing that I had to go. There was a line when I showed up, which put me off, but it WAS worth the wait. What makes these so delicious and interesting a bit novel and different from any other cookie I've had is the texture: they seemed to be a cross between a cookie and a scone or muffin. I tried every flavor they make and they were incredibly delicious. The chocolate peanut butter was slightly too sweet for my liking, but I still hoovered it down, so what can I really say? The chocolate chip walnut was also delicious. The double chocolate chip one was decadent and gooey and wonderful! The oatmeal raisin was the most scone/muffin-like and seriously delicious, especially when warm and toasty. That's the trick, though: you CANNOT eat these cookies unless they're warm. I mean, you CAN, but I think they're at their best when they are warm and soft and gooey and smooshy gushy. Mmmmm. Great option for a treat for yourself, to buy when you have company coming over or to give as a gift.
Holy cow! These cookies melt right in your mouth into a pool of ooey gooey goodness. That slightly uncooked center, that outer soft crunchy exterior. It has the balance of everything you want in a cookie. Even if they are four bucks a bugger, they are certainly worth a try. The place was so much smaller than I had expected! It can barely fit the seven people that were in line in this bakery. But the employees are super nice and get you in and out of the long wait!
I am definitely in the minority but Levain's cookies were overwhelming....in a bad way. Loaded with butter and sugar, it is not for the faint of heart. I tried the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate chip cookies. Both were way too sweet for my taste and this says a lot from a girl that is not satisfied until she's had her dessert. I was disappointed after all the rave reviews. The cookies are way too big in my opinion (that's NOT what she said).  Thankfully, the line moved quickly during my visit.
Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter cookie. Don't question it, just hand over the $4. And maybe an extra $2 for some milk--so necessary.  And maybe another $48 to bring a dozen cookies home to not share with anyone and eat in one sitting (I guess you could throw some Chocolate Chip Walnut in the batch to jazz things up). Best cookie you will ever have.  Eat them immediately while they're fresh or warm them up at home in the oven. I'm probably going to name my first born after LeVain Bakery.  I wish I was kidding.
Amazing cookies! You do get what you pay for though because these things don't come cheap, but they are also huge! I think they're about 4 bucks a pop but they are pretty fat though. I don't think my review can describe how good these cookies taste! You really have to 'experience' them on your own. I would highly suggest Levain Bakery for anyone visiting the New York area for sure! If I were to name a few places that are must go to spots in NY, this is one of them.
Amazing cookies!  They are huge, gooey and totally worth $4.  Its actually like getting two cookies because its basically impossible to eat the entire thing in one sitting, enless of course you want to go into a sugar coma.   All the cookies are great- my favorite is the chocolate chip.  The double chocolate chip is insane, and thats coming from a chocolate addict.  The oatmeal raisin was delicious and I don't even like them normally.  The peanut butter seems to be less warm and gooey than the others but still yummy.
Single greatest cookie experience in my life.  I really love the dark chocolate peanut.  Ummmm.
i thought these were cookies not cakes! lol. damnnn these cookies are pretty freakin good! their cookies aren't like any other cookies i've had. first they are thick as hell and filled w. awesome deliciousness!! chocolate chip walnut was my fave. sooo many pieces of chocolate and walnut in the cookie it's insane! i don't know what else i can possibly say about these cookies you just have to come here and try them yourself. don't forget to bring milk.. or buy some there lol. you're gonna need it.
Seriously, how do they do it? These cookies are cooked to absolute perfection. The chocolate chips are melted and swimming in a sea of doughy, warm, buttery goodness. The place smells amazing... I feel my pants getting tighter just waiting in line. It's too bad I'm giving up desserts for Lent. This will probably be the first place I go on Easter morning.
So. Good.
I can't believe how delicious their chocolate chip walnut cookies are.  I mean, hello? where have they been all my life? My friend's brother insisted we stop here during our NYC trip.  Located down a tiny flight of steps, there is barely any room to order inside this super busy little bakery.  Usually not a fan of cookies, I asked my friend for a bite of hers just to try.  Then the perfect mixture of butter, melted chocolate, crunchy walnut and hot crustiness mix with doughiness happened in my mouth and I got right back in line to purchase 3 of them. These cookies are $4 and not for the faint of heart!  They are giant, scone like (as many reviews have mentioned) and I could not finish in one sitting!  Actually after about 1/3 of the cookie I felt like I was already in sugar overdose.   Their oatmeal raisin is just as good, don't pass it up!   I froze them for the remaining 2 days I was in NYC and packed them in my backpack to take home.  Once home, I toasted them in the toaster oven for a few minutes and shared it with my boyfriend who has a strong sweet tooth.  He was in heaven the moment he bit into this cookie.   Man oh man, I am almost glad I don't live in NYC or diabetes is looking pretty likely in my future.
The best thing about these cookies is that they're served warm and gooey, which is hard to find.   That said, while they're very good cookies, I'm not sure they live up to the hype.  I've had (and made) better.   We shared (between 2 people) the chocolate chip walnut, the dark chocolate chip, and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip.  The cookies are humongous and we definitely had some leftovers. The chocolate chip walnut was probably my least favorite of the three.  I prefer my cookies without walnuts, and the nuts detracted from the cookie.  Also, the chocolate wasn't quite dark enough for me (although it was perfectly melty), which resulted in the cookie being a little too sweet, and the gooey center was a little too gooey for me (I like my cookies soft with the center just barely set, but this was actually liquid in parts).   We had some of it later after it had solidified and we both liked it much better then.  Of course, then you don't get the benefit of having it warm with the melted chocolate. The chocolate PB chip was my husband's favorite.  I'm not as big a fan of the PB and chocolate combo, so my favorite was the dark chocolate chip.  I think the center was a little more set than the chocolate chip and I really enjoyed the dark chocolate cookie and milk chocolate chip combo.  It was very, very rich and I could only take a few bites of it though. $4 per cookie, which is about what I expected to pay, given the Manhattan location & the monstrous size of the cookie.   The bakery smells amazing (its almost worth a visit just for the cookie baking smell), the staff is very friendly and they take credit cards.  The wait is very short compared to other super popular bakeries I've been to (Tartine in SF, Bouchon Bakery).   From the time we got in line on a Saturday afternoon until the time we walked out the door with cookies in hand was under 10 minutes, probably closer to 5.
A MUST if you happen to be on the UWS.  Make sure to get the cookies!   Yes, they are ~$5 bucks a piece.  But you have never seen or tasted a cookie like this before.  If you are lucky you may even get a warm gooey one.. :)
An alumna of the same college that I went to, Pam Weekes, has achieved a dream I myself had growing up: Operating a bakery in the heart of NYC featuring delectable, rich cookies that would attract a cultish following. When I was living in NYC I was a bit of a cookie connoisseur and trying any cookies from all the hot cookie spots I could find. This, was by far, the best! It was only until after I had been there that I realized Pam was a SBC alum too! Even if I opened a cookie store of my own, I don't think I could ever compete with the cookies she and Connie MacDonald churn out at Levain Bakery. They only serve four cookies, but each one is so special and flavorful, from the wholesome sweetness of the Oatmeal Raisin Cookie, to the classic Chocolate Chip Walnut, the brownie-like decadence of the Chocolate Chocolate Chip, to the sweet and salty Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookie, you cannot miss with any one of them! I turned my husband into a fan as well...he orders them online about once a year so we get our Levain cookie fix (we don't live in New York anymore, but every time we are in town a stop at Levain Bakery is always on our list)! Connie MacDonald and Pam Weekes, you are my cookie heroes! And Pam, you've done Sweet Briar proud! Holla Holla Holla!
Love the cookies here!! Their sticky bun with walnuts is good too, but cookies are definitely their forte. Levain Bakery is a small, neighborhood bakery that makes mouth-watering, thick (very thick in width) cookies. The cookies are rich and soft, but not too soft where it crumbles when you take a bite. Definitely get the walnut chocolate chip cookie or the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie. Cookies are expensive at $4.00 each, but one cookie is more than enough to satisfy the biggest sweet tooth. I wanted to give them a shout out for good service. The person helping me gave me an oatmeal raisin cookie instead of the walnut chocolate chip, so they gave me a free cookie!
Dissent!!!! Wha??? Ok. Here's the thing. I'm just over this kind of cookie. Doughy in the middle. Too much of a sugar rush. I just can't get into it anymore. They're skimping on the quality of their ingredients to give you such a big cookie. And The spices are minimal. No cinnamon in the chocolate cookie. No cayenne. Bigger isn't always better, y'all. Give me crunchy and caramelized every time. My fave UWS chocolate chip cookie these days is the silver-dollar sized butter-y crunchy thing in the jar at Aroma Cafe. I'd give it four stars ONLY if you have your three best friends on the PLANET with whom to split one of these monsters and then only 'cause it's a fun exercise in silliness.
This is the best cookie I have ever had in my life. Usually I would think that a $4 cookie is too expensive for my style but the cookies here are amazing and worth every penny...unless you're trying to watch your calorie intake because it's hard to practice self control and yes, 1 cookie could probably make up an entire meal! I was warned about this from the boy, but I think it was mostly him who has the self-control issues ;) I wanted to take a picture of these babies, but he ended up nomnomnoming on them before I could pull my phone out x__x haha. Still, I can't get over how the massive cookie is so crunchy on the outside and so chewy on the insijde without burning or being undercooked. I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie and the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. They were both equally delicious. I think the chocolate chip cookie could have used more nuts, but the gooey, oozing chocolate chips makes everything oh-so forgivable. I usually don't like dark chocolate cookies but the one I had here was the first one I liked! I actually just bought it because the boy is a fan of peanut butter, but I ended up enjoying it as much as he did. I wish I had brought some back to Boston with me :( but hey, it gives me one more reason to return to NYC. Next time, I will try the oatmeal raisin cookie!
I needed a shot of insulin after eating a cookie from Levain. Their "cookies" are not cookies so much as they are tiny mountains of delicious half-baked dough. Their chocolate chip cookie is packed with gooey mounds of semisweet chocolate chips and -- don't panic-- crunchy walnuts. Believe you me, even those who hate walnuts with a passion will come around to this cookie. The outside of each cookie is crispy and once you bite in, it's warm, chewy chocolate chip cookie heaven. The dark chocolate peanut butter cookie is my absolute favorite and the only cookie that will make me jump off the 1 train just to make the five minute detour to get one. Other pastries and breads are yummy, but the cookies are something everyone will need to try at least once. Due to the size of these $4 monstrosities, they're also a cookie you will need to share-- although chances are, you really won't want to..
I live near by and at first I have to admit to being a bit turned off by the pricing...but OMG!  The cookie I had was soo amazingly good...I was happy for the steep pricepoint because it's saving my waist line!
yes i will pay $4 fo a chocolate chip walnut cookie... amazzzinggggg!! I tell everyone about this bakery and they just opened a new location uptown :)
I LOVE THEIR COOKIES. They're not even cookies. They're more like monstrous, sugary asteroids. When you get them fresh, it's perfectly and deliciously warm and soft such that it melts in your mouth. Somehow, your body just instantly absorbs all the happiness and calories into your bloodstream giving you a fantastic diabetic high. These cookies could save the world. These cookies can cure sadness. These. Cookies. Cookies. Cookies. Cookies. I don't care that these cookies at $4. I can pay $4 to foodgasm a little bit. If someone were to give me a nice cold glass of milk with one of these cookies, I would gladly follow them into any shady white van. Just kidding. ... you need two of these giant cookies to seduce me and lower my defenses. Where did my clothes go?
Yummy, massive, slightly undercooked (my preference) cookies. Place is small, but I usually get my cookies and go. Occasionally there is a crazy line, but I go during off peak hours and not right before closing.
FINALLY, I get to try the infamous Levain cookie.  And boy, did it live up to its reputation. I was dubious when I entered the small little basement-like shop. Its hard for big and fat looking cookies to really achieve that crispy outside, chewy inside consistency that I crave.  So I took the bag, thinking that this was hardly going to blow my favorites, Ruby et Violette & City Bakery, out of the water. But oh, it's up there. I won't venture to say it is the best, but the three do justice to the name cookie, each in their own way. Levain's is really crispy on the outside... the perfect consistency around the edges, but lots of gooey chocolate and nuts in the middle. Loved every fattening bite. Hardly any seating in there so you're likely to take your goods to go. Some other really yummy looking baked goods in there too.  Must try one day when I don't feel like the cookie... whenever that might be.
Wow, best chocolat chip cookie I've ever had (exept for my own home made ;) lol) . You might think: Hey, that's kinda expensive for a cookie! But trust me, you'd rather buy one of Levains than 10 of any super market for this price!   Staff was awesome and nice. Only downside: We really had to look for the place, we walked the street a few times and only after a good search we saw it. It's soooo tiny! ^^
I am confident and excited to announce that Levain Bakery is my absolute FAVORITE place in New York or really the entire world. No one can top these massive, six-ounce, chocolate chip cookie monsters which overflow with gooey chocolate morsels and dough. There are four flavors: Chocolate Chip Walnut, Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip and Oatmeal Raisin. The chocolate chip and chocolate peanut butter are the best! To see photos go to my profile and click on the link to my blog. All cookies are crafted flawlessly and each bite breaks carefully into your mouth slapping a permanent smile on your face. These precious goods are pretty unbelievable, and every bite is over-the-top delicious and better than the next. You'll need a moment of silence to take in the outrageous cookie bomb after you consume. Also, attention nut-haters: don't worry about the walnuts, they don't harm the cookie. If you live in New York City and haven't been to Levain, you have basically committed a sin. You will not taste anything better than Levain Bakery cookies! ***Treat: Believe it or not co-founders Connie McDonald and Pam Weekes created the cookie recipe while training for an Ironman because they needed  something high in calories. Well, sounds good to me! Other locations: East Hamptons and Harlem. Plus UPS shipping is available.
When I walked down the steep flight of stairs into Levain Bakery, I was taken aback by the workspace, first off, it was small, and the kitchen itself took up about 90% of the entire space.. Now, I am all for a big kitchen, I've worked in them most of my life, but this was crazy, with only a handful of items in the case, I thought I would be disapointed, but ventured to try their peanut butter chocolate, and oatmeal raisin cookies along with a round loaf of sourdough. UMMMM WOW!!!! Looks are deceiving! I AM A BELIEVER IN LEVAIN BAKERY! This bread was so reminiscent of San Francisco Sourdough I almost died when I tried a slice, and the cookies...oh my lord...perfectly crisp on the outside, and gooooey, slightly underdone on the inside, EXACTLY how a cookie should be! The guy next to me was there for his first time too, he uttered "I think this cookie is underdone...hmmm" with a look of confusion on his face...UM HELLOO??!!! Were you not loved as a child??? Are you one of those kids who thinks great cookies come out of a Chips Ahoy Pack????? Shammmmmeee. I went out, stuffed my face with Cookies and baked in central park for the day. Perfection was achieved! And as the GREATEST COOKIE-MAN himself once said... " 'C' IS FOR COOKIE! AND COOKIE IS FOR ME!!!!!!!!!!"
Fantastic if you're looking to treat your sweet sweet sweeeeeeet tooth. The cookies are $4 a pop which seems outrageous, but when you see it, you'll realize that it's actually pretty reasonable since it's really like 4 cookies in one. Got so excited I bought $30 worth of baked goods. I think I OD'd on the sweets, though and slipped into a sugar-induced coma shortly afterwards. My favorite item was actually more savory than sweet: the whole wheat nut and dried fruit roll. Possibly one of the most delicious rolls I've had. Definitely worth the wait.
Simply the best chocolate chocolate chip cookie I've ever had. There's not much I can say about this place that hasn't already been covered by the other reviewers. Every bite of this cookie is a perfect mixture of chewy and crunchy. How do they do it? Please, just go here.
I Love this bakery, granted I haven't had anything but their chocolate chip walnut cookie...but they are freakin' damn good. The cookie is pricey as hell but in all honesty once I took a bite out of the cookie, the price slipped my mind. My new spot!!!
Best. Cookies. Ever.  Any other description couldn't give this place justice.  Do yourself a favor and make this a MUST-TRY anytime you are in the city!
We went there after reading reviews and it did not disappoint. It's just a lil hole in wall place but had awesome cookies! The cookies are very thick too. They were even good two days after we bought them
The best cookie that I ever had in my lifetime it's really worth for my cheat day my fav is double chocolate relli tasty-filling-rich and creamy ...mouth-watering now :))
I won't lie, I've definitely used my lunch break to hop on the 2/3 train from midtown to the UWS just to get a Levain Bakery cookie.  They are unreal!  There are many knock-off recipes that you can find online, don't even bother trying them.  I think there's something about the Levain oven that makes these perfect!  Splurge for the $4, 6-oz cookie!   I've tried them all.  The chocolate chip walnut is by far the best.  The oatmeal raisin has a ton of raisins, do don't get it thinking that you can pick them out.  The chocolate peanut butter is wonderful if you're looking for a change from chocolate chip.  Dark chocolate chocolate chip, still heavenly!  All are the perfect amount of crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside, and are usually served warm!  Ah, albeit expensive, it's totally worth it to buy the Ronnybrook ice cream with your cookie!
Omg. fresh baked, giant, delicious cookies
Really yummy cookies...We ordered one of each (choco chip walnut, choco peanut butter chip, double choco, and oatmeal raisin).  I LOVE the texture of these cookies, thick, dense, chewy and gooey.  I honestly couldn't decide which was my favorite, I kept taking bites out of each and changing my mind about which was supreme.  I guess I'll have to go back in the future to try again :-)  Hopefully next time we can get them while they are still warm. S.B. says the choco chip cookie at Specialty's is still his favorite, he thought these were too sweet.  I must say that I do agree that these would be more superior if they cut the sweetness a bit.
1. Finish your first half marathon in Central Park without dying 2. Seek nourishment 3. Purchase an oatmeal raisin cookie AND chocolate peanut butter cookie from Levain Bakery Your body will thank you now, but it  may hate you later. Ahhh, where to begin. These are not cookies. These are the most magical, decadent, delicious thing to be created from butter flour and sugar.  So perfectly moist, gooey, almost raw, on the inside and lightly crisp on the outside. The oatmeal raisin is out of this world, I've never tasted anything like it. As a manic chocolate+peanut butter lover the chocolate peanut butter cookie was everything I imagined and more. These are not for the faint of heart and must be consumed slowly, to savor each gooey bite (and avoid sugar coma)! After my race I gobbled down my oatmeal raisin cookie only to feel like I was going to pass out moments later from the intensity. 2 days later I exhibited more caution, slowly nibbling away at my chocolate peanut butter cookie until I was confident I could handle the whole thing...the latter approach worked much better! And, 2 days later this cookie was still nothing short of perfect! Best thing ever.
After having done my research, I kept hearing that Levain Bakery on the Upper West Side had THE best chocolate chip cookie in Manhattan. And in the name of research, I felt obliged to investigate. Arriving around 2pm on a Saturday, there was a huge line out the door and I started to panic that I wouldn't get one. Even though it was mayhem and I thought I'd have to take out a few grandmas and young kids, rest assured, I snagged the signature chocolate chip walnut and the oatmeal raisin cookies. Sitting outside on a stoop, I tried my first ever Levain cookie. Packed with semi sweet chocolate chips and chunks of walnuts it was not only steaming from just coming out of the oven, but huge, thick, and gooey but crisp on the outside. Holy sugar shock. I loved it but couldn't even finish it so packed it away and ate it later in the pub with a beer - the way a real woman eats a cookie. My tip, eat it cold as it's less sugary sweet and oh so good. New York's best cookie? Possibly. But for the sake of research, my quest must continue. I'm doing it for you really.....
Now that is what I call a chocolate cookie! You can feel the weight in those things when you pick them up and every mouthfull is crammed full of so much chocolate you might wonder where it is all coming from.
HUGE Cookies and so delicious!  Glad I got them for free at the office considering their price but I would definitely pay for a special treat from Levain Bakery :)  They were a HIT at the office!
big, gooey, chocolately PERFECTION!!!! it's worth the four bucks and the extra calories! don't think twice just go!
Every rumor or praise you heard about Levain Bakery...IS TOTALLY TRUE!!! First off I bought these as part of a gift for xmas. When I ordered it over the phone the lady was like "Okay the total weight of your package is 4 pounds." I was like "What!?!? I order 8 cookies You're saying one cookie averages 1/2 pound?!?" Yes, yes they do. These are some dense ass cookies. And you would think they didn't bake evenly but they did. Now to the second part of the story. Since this was a gift to my gf, she gave me 1 cookie because she's awesome. I put it in the fridge and forgot about it for like 2 days. I reheated it 2 days later in the oven. The chocolate peanut butter came out amazing. No burnt taste, evenly delicous, bitter sweet chocolate, rich peanut butter and dense!!!! This redefined my view on "cookies" forever So I tried just one 2 day old cookie and had my mind blown to pieces. I would really wanna come back and get a fresh one. I'd probably pass out with a bloody nose.
I feel bad to give this place only 2 stars- i really do- i was so looking forward to trying the "best chocolate chip cookie in New York", in fact, i practically ran down the stairs to get this monster cookie. I bought 1 chocolate chip walnut and 1 double chocolate chip and placed them safe and sound in my pocketbook. Once i arrived back to work, i put the chocolate chip walnut one in the microwave for about 15 seconds, cut it open and saw the ooeey gooeey-niss, and couldn't wait to try it. I was honestly let down. They're def not stingy with the chocolate chips or walnuts- but the cookie itself just lacked any flavor whatsoever. It tasted like i was eating a non-descript, plain dough with chocolate chips and walnuts. Hopefully the double chocolate chip won't be so bland. I will update this review after i try it. Sorry!
Purchased 2 Chocolate Chip Walnut and 2 Dark Chocolate Chip cookies.  So there are 4 cookies in the bakery box and the box is very heavy.  Why?  Because each cookie weighs half a pound which might be a very slight exaggeration.  These could very well be the best cookies of their variety in all of New York City.  The chocolate chip cookie at Cipriani Le Specialita is the only rival to Levain's chocolate chip cookie.
Today I described Levain Bakery's signature cookies to a friend and simply said "The richest cookies you will ever eat!".  You will not be dissappointed.  The flavor's alone are one thing but the texture I think that's the factor that really gets me!  A massive cookie consisting of a one flavor just easing it's way into another.  The chocolate chips bakes into the dough leaving gooey pockets of sweetness, an outer layer that holds it's shape and doesn't crumble with touch of your hands and just the softest inside.  My fav is to break into big chunks and eat with a cup of jo, brings me back to those morning I used to eat crumb cake for breakfast but better cause it still stands as one strong cookie!  A friend told me that they use a stick of butter for each individual cookie, not sure if that's factual but I would believe it!!! I would stop in even if you aren't feeling sweets at that particular time of day because the aroma of the baked goods is not to be believed in that itty bit bakery!  I doubt you'll be able to walk out of there empty handed!
Holy cow. Fantastic cookies - though they look more like scone type creations than anything else. I had the chocolate and walnut, Bruce had the double chocolate - both fantastic. 4 stars as $4 for a cookie is pretty insane - but when in Rome...eat cookies!
Oh Levain. I just want to say thanks for living up to the standards I created in my mind about a perfectly delicious cookie that I formed after reading lots of reviews. I would gladly pay $4 a cookie any given day of the week. I wouldn't, however, gladly share with anyone a bite of it. (Although I shared with my boyfriend only for the sheer fact that I would have eaten both the Choco-Walnut and the Dark Choco-Peantbutter Chip in one sitting and IM NOT TRYING TO GET FAT.) Perfectly perfect cookie. The End.
The best cookies ever and the reason why I cannot live in the UWS (I would gain 100 pounds) If you ask nicely, they may open their doors over an hour after closing like they've done for me (it helps to look really sad/desperate for a cookie and I guess the fact that they charge $4 each for cookies they might throw away anyways doesn't hurt either - although they were still warm!)
Amazzzzzzzing cookies!! Sometimes there is a line out the door and I completely understand why, these things are delicious.
I prefer chewy cookies and Levain's is almost scone like.  I like that their 'cookies' are not overly sweet.  This bakery is tiny.  There's no space inside to sit/stand to eat your purchases.
best. cookie. ever.
These are one of the most delicious cookies/scones/puffy clouds of heaven you will ever taste.  All the cookies are crunchy on the outside yet half-baked on the inside.  It's like eating warm, hot cookie dough without getting yelled at by your mom. Got there mid-afternoon on a Saturday, line was out the door but moved quickly - was inside and ordering in less than 10 minutes.  The location is very discrete, underneath a waxing salon right off of Amsterdam.  As with the Harlem storefront, this location is tiny and has maybe 5 barstools inside. The dark chocolate chip cookie literally falls apart in your hand because it's so soft and stuffed with big square chunks of chocolate chips.  I liked it because it wasn't as sweet as it looked - it was definitely richer than sweet. Peanut butter by far was the tastiest - especially if you're a PB lover!  Choc chip w/ walnuts deserves a try, although personally would think it tastes better without the walnuts (they don't put a lot in there so don't worry if you don't fancy walnuts). Not a big menu -maybe 4 cookies, 4 slices of loaves, and a couple of bread choices that you can choose from - so grab a couple different things from the menu and enjoy!
Because I am the luckiest girl in the world, I got sent 8 of Levain Bakery's amaaazing cookie assortment in the mail yesterday as a birthday present from my friend in NYC. (Yup they ship these BEAUTIFUL gift cookies to whoever you want, wherever you want!) First impression of these "cookies"...I totally thought they were giant scones. hahah It wasn't until I took a bite into them (right away) that I realized they were actually soft and chewy in the inside like a slightly underbaked cookie with a crunchy crumbly crust. EXACTLY how I like my cookies.   For some reason, it wasn't until I looked up online what exactly i was eating on the bakery website did I realize these were actually cookies. What it is is, 4 cookies stacked into one. Of all 4 flavors, I looooved the oatmeal raisin cookie the most. They are indulgently sweet, PACKED with raisins, and have pretty fine bits of oatmeal interspersed throughout the batter. My second favorite would be the chocolate chip walnut because those nuts really add a whole other dimension to texture and flavor of the cookie. If you're in the chocolate mood, the dark chocolate peanut butter chip and dark chocolate with chocolate chips are equally indulgent and crammed with chips. These are probably some of the chunkiest cookies I have ever eaten. They are priced up there for these reasons! The gift packages shipped incredibly well. I had no crumbles or broken cookies. They remained fresh to eat, and you can always pop them in the microwave for a warm cookie if that's your thing. My only problem is I can't stop eating them!
Dear Levain, Why are you so delicious? You honestly anger me b/c you are so delicious. The best part about you is your warm and goey insides. The flavor of the chocolate chips buring my mouth hot out of the oven makes me want more and more. Levain I will be back for you. Love, Your Lover.
I saw this bakery featured on the Food Network and thought I try it out because the cookies looked so good on TV. They looked so good at the store and were freshly baked, so I tried each of the chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip, and oatmeal raisin cookies.   The cookies that I bought were not fully cooked in the center because they were so thick.  If they were supposed to be moist and chewy in the center, it didn't taste like that at all, because it was like I was eating a still raw cookie when I got to the middle of the cookie - it even looked uncooked.  I had to re-bake the middle of the cookie, which was a waste of time.  The cookies are also oily as there were lots of oil residual on the paper that wrapped the cookie.  The only good thing about the cookies are that they do not contain preservatives. I was really disappointed in these cookies.  They are definitely over rated and over priced!  They taste like any other cookie and are nothing special.  I had better cookies and even find cookies at the Whole Foods Market better and fully baked.  I wasted my money buying these cookies. The sign for the shop was also small and the store was off the main street so I missed the store and had to go back to find the store.  Also, this store only accepts cash.  Good thing, I had enough cash in my wallet that day.
These cookies are amazing.  I had the dark chocolate with peanut butter chips and would not share one morsel with my friend. And here is how to eat them without gaining weight.   Basically, you use them as free weights.  Put one in each hand (in a bag, of course) and walk for a shit-ass long time.  Like for an hour or two.  When you are famished, eat one of the cookies.  Then walk all the way back to where you started, and eat the remaining cookie.  You will remain svelte and you will be VERY happy.
I dare you to find a better cookie in Manhattan.  The double dark chocolate cookie with its melty dark chocolate chunks and gooey texture is to die for.  Chances are likely that you will score a warm one as Levain's pumps out fresh batches of these all day long.
I write this review purely so I can tell people that I have been to Levain. Everybody that is considering going to Levain already knows the deal. One a recent trip I had an Oatmeal Raisin cookie and Brioche with cinnamon butter. And well...believe it or not...they were fantastic. I even sat out on the little bench out front and ate my brioche. For those 15 minutes, life was good. Everything there is fantastic. Just pick something. Anything. You can't lose. It's like playing with house money. What are you waiting for?
Holy mother of sweets - the cookies here are beasts! I'm a cookie monster and one of these Godzilla-like suckers could easily take over Tokyo, or at the very least, feed the entire nation. Okay, not really, but one cookie could easily satisfy two people maybe even three. I ate two-thirds of one and I felt like I consumed enough sugar to last me a week. The cookies here totally live up to the hype of being awesome. They're really, really good especially if you happen to get a gooey one fresh from the oven. Keep in mind they're a tad pricey, though. I got two chocolate chip and walnuts and small cup of coffee and it cost me $10. That's a lot of cash to blow on a sugar rush and nearly giving yourself diabetes...but it hurts so good.
Seriously. The best cookies I've ever had. Not too sugary, not too gooey, not too lard-y. Just indulgent enough. Crispy outside, soft inside. Super chunky. Super big. They were a good 1.5 inches thick!
The best cookie I've ever eaten.  Serious contender for the best thing you'll ever put in your mouth.
Best cookies ever! I'm especially a fan of chocolate and peanutbutter. I wish I could get them in Denmark!
If you ever wanted to argue that $4 was a ridiculous amount to spend on a single cookie, these cookies will prove you wrong. Scone-sized, they're crunchy on the outside and gooey on the inside. We tried the dark chocolate w/ peanut butter cup and the chocolate chip walnut ones. Both were really good, the peanut butter cup one wasn't too sweet so that was a pleasant surprised. Although I love walnuts, I actually think the cookie would have been great with just chocolate chips and no walnuts since the exterior already has some crunch to it. That day we went, there were no plain chocolate chip cookies. These cookies are easily among my top favorite cookies of all time. My favorite cookies are still Antoine's Cookies in San Jose, but Levain sure comes in a close second. The place might be kind of hard to find, it's below a wax shop. Grab some cookies when you get to the middle of Central Park, and bring it back to enjoy on a park bench :)
THESE ARE THE BEST COOKIES IN THE WORLD If someone walked up to me and said I could have one of Levain's warm chocolate chip walnut cookies IF I agreed to be punched in the face after every bite, I would do it in a HEARTBEAT.  NO JOKE.  It's worth it, people!! I had surgery a couple years ago, and 2 of my best friends showed up to comfort me with one of their cookies.  Out of immeasurable gratitude I will be naming my 1st and 2nd born children after them.
Best cookies ever.  Their oatmeal raisin cookies were amazing. The portion size is huge. So huge it's actually a heavy ass cookie.
Holy. crap. Warm chocolate chip walnut cookie. Unless you have a nut allergy, that is all I need to say.
I went here with very high expectations based on these reviews. however, felt slightly disappointed. I thought the cookies were too  soft....almost like gello.... But, the scones were excellent. Very popular place obviously. The lines were out on the road.
After hearing people rave about Levain cookies for years, I finally stopped by. I was on my way to a dinner party, and figured (very correctly) that this would be a perfect place to pick up dessert. The storefront is almost passable from the street and the bakery itself is teeny-tiny, so I would imagine during the weekends this place could be anxiety-inducing. After purchasing cookies I hopped on the subway, where my train filled up with the scent of chocolately goodness. When it came time for my friends and I to finally try the cookies, there was lots of chewing-induced silence with an occasional "oh my god these are so good" as we scarfed down the cookies. Incredibly soft and chewy, yet dense- this my kind of cookie. I can't wait to go back and try one while it's still warm!
It gets four stars because the cookies are excellent, but, IMHO, they are the second best in NYC (Vesuvio's dark chocolate with white chocolate chips are most certainly the best). This place is a little gem, though. Pay attention to the steps downstairs or else you'll miss it. If you're going there on a weekend, though, just look for the line... Oh, if you want to try more than one, bring a friend along. The cookies are HUGE.
seriously, i could smell this place blocks away! my blood sugar was definitely elevated just by the smell....and i was probably prediabetic after eating their chocolate chip cookie. BEST COOKIE I'VE EVER HAD! it was crunchy on the outside and a chewy/melty mess on the inside. i took a picture of the cookie and sent it to my mom. her reply: for how many people? me: just me ._____________. ate the whole damn thing by myself and no regrets at all! not even the 5 mile run that followed shortly after...
YUMMMMMMSKKKKIIII.  These cookies are like asteroid size mounds of heaven.  Sometimes I eat one of these cookies as my lunch.  I have to admit the first time i went there i walked by Levain like at least 3 times, i am like where the f is this place, it is so tiny! I feel bad if your claustrophobic and it's crowded. They are unlike any cookie i have ever had in my life.  I can't put my finger on it..maybe because you could taste the buttery goodness oozing out of it.  I had the chocolate chip walnut.  I haven't been successful in making it on the weekends for the cinnamon roll yet, i went once and i have to say the guy working was kind of snotty he was like SORRY there are NONE left, kind of implying that i was a dummie for getting there past the time that they had any left.  Otherwise i think they are really friendly there.
Their walnut chocolate chip cookies are hunks of happiness!  Add a glass of milk and I fell I am 8 years old again!
If you have a sweet tooth, you will not be disappointed.  The walnut chocolate chip cookie is easily one of the best cookies I've ever eaten.  Worth $4.  The dark chcolate peanut butter is good as well, but very rich.
This is my favorite cookie in NYC.  They are huge ( if you can manage to consume 1 in a sitting, it's like equivalent of eating 3-4 normal cookies) . The texture is almost cakey which is interesting. The center can stay moist for some time. If you are a flat, crispy cookie fan, then these probably aren't for you. My favorites are the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter.  If you take a dozen of these home as gifts, your family/friends will be very happy. Taking off 1 star because the last time I was there, it was kind of crowded. The staff didn't seem as friendly as normal. I sort of felt rushed in and out.  Also, not sure if it was the early fall weather or what, but there seemed to be a few flies buzzing around. Maybe they got in with all the opening/closing of the door?
If you ask me what my favorite food in the world is, I will tell you chocolate chip cookies. If you ask me what is the best chocolate chip cookie I have ever had, I will tell you levain. It does not get any better than this. If you're lucky you will get one while it's still warm. And I have been lucky!
The chocolate cookies here are simply divine. They're quite large and filling. The chocolate chip walnut is delightful. Dark chocolate chocolate chip was a little too rich for me. Dark chocolate peanut butter chip tastes like Reese's as a cookie.
There isn't much to say that isn't expressed in these other glowing reviews: if you like thick, cakey cookies (almost scone-like) it doesn't get much better.  I do wish they were cheaper, but it's Manhattan and they are amazing.
WHY, LEVAIN?! WHY?! WHY MUST I BE ON THE OPPOSITE COAST FROM YOU???!!!! If I wasn't a poor college student, I would have you shipped to me in massive amounts weekly, but for now, I have to settle for saving up during the year to pay for my annual NY trip to savor up the deliciousness that is you.   You may think it's a bit pricey for just a cookie, but that's the thing...it's not JUST a cookie. It's perfectly crisp on the outside and wonderfully gooey, but still chunky, in the inside.  It's like every piece is packed with amazingness, plus a piece of heaven! Plus, the cookie is ginormous! Believe me, you'll think, "oh, I could never finish that!", but once you get it, you'll slowly start picking at it, but each piece will be so addicting, sooner than you realize it, you've scarfed the whole cookie down, and are now in withdrawal. Hands down, the best cookie you will EVER have. The good old fashioned choco chip walnut is my absolute fave. I make a NY trip every year to get these cookies fresh from the bakery, so trust me, you will not be disappointed!
Yummy cookies! They even sell milk. It's a small space in a hole somewhere and a little out of the way for places I'd normally go but worth it if you're in that area.
Pure heaven in a cookie!!!!  I love this place!  I especially love to go when the cookies are fresh out of the oven and still warm and gooey. I do restrict myself to only going here on special occasion otherwise I would be as big as a house! I highly recommend coming to the UWS and spoiling yourself w a Levain cookie!!!
I really wanted to love these cookies, but although they were good, they were nothing like my personal chocolate chip cookie nirvana. The main thing Levain cookies have going for them is their sheer density, which was impressive, and their commitment to highest possible BPM (Butter Per Mouthful) index. I'm a fan of chocolate chip cookies that have that perfect balance of crispness on the outside and chewiness on the inside. Because Levain cookies are so damn thick, the texture is more muffiny or sconey than I prefer. I guess Jacques Torres will keep my Best Chocolate Chip Cookie award for now.
Levain's Walnut Chocolate Chip Cookies are the stuff that (fat kid's) dreams are made of. How can one cookie be so perfectly crispy around the edges, yet so irresistibly gooey in the middle? It's even delicious if you can't finish it in one sitting and want to toaster oven it back to life.
Biggest and Best chocolate chip cookies that you can buy in New York City. Just don't buy more then you can eat that day because they do not keep and get super hard the next day.
i tried going there yesterday and there was a line so i didn't stop in but i've been 3 times in the past and i'm an addict of their cookies. the oatmeal or walnut chocolate chip are my faves! they taste best when hot and just out of the oven, so don't let it sit for too long and get cold.
I've been to Levain maybe 20 or 30 times since I started living in NYC but just yesterday went for the first time again in a while and yeah, time to add another 5-star to this pile. So, if you are reading this you know the cookies are yum but I just want to note they have some amazing products that aren't cookies. Here are my top 3: 1) Caramelized Onion and Parmesan Pizza- You can tell by the name that this is a pizza handed down to earth by an archangel. 2) Baguette with butter and jam: I know, right? Just a stupid baguette with butter and jelly? I could make that at home. Wait, no I can't because this is the most utterly amazing and high-quality and delicious version of this snack and it is almost always sold out so if you see it get it. 3) Valrhona Chocolate Sourdough Roll: Food Network lost its mind over this treat and I can see why. Bittersweet, intensely high quality chocolate melting at the center of a perfect sourdough wheat roll. The tastes complement each other so, so well. One last note: Come here on a weekday. The weekend line is nuts.
Just the best cookies you've every had. Ever.
Three words: Best. Cookie. Ever. That's all I can say.
The second time we went to New York we found this place. We bought some of their cookies and went to central park for a picnic. They are delicious!
4.5 stars! OMG! These cookies are the best! Place is really small and they don't have a huge selection but the regular chocolate chip cookies (it has walnuts) is too die for! Took .5 stars out because they don't sell milk. Really Levain?
Best cookies I've ever had in my entire life. They are expensive for cookies but also happen to be MASSIVE. I can't even eat a whole one by myself, and I LOVE to eat. The lines can get long because the place is so small but they move quickly. Go midday and you won't have a problem.
Got the chocolate walnut cookie here, pretty pricey at $4 considering it's just a cookie -- but it is a huge cookie and it is incredibly good omgosh.  Sooooo chewy and chocolatey.  Very sweet though, you'll need water after.  I probably bleed sugar and chocolate given how much I eat of it, but yeah it was heavenly for me.   There are about 4 seats inside, most people just go in and out.  There will probably be a line, but the line moves fast.   The people working there are nice :).
My friend heard that the cookies at this bakery were epic - so we ventured there on a lunch break from work and ordered the sampler - which had all four flavors.  I really was not impressed with these cookies - I thought they were kind of hard and the only one I really enjoyed the taste of was the dark chocolate/chocolate chip cookie.  Maybe I just got a crispy batch.  I'd have to try them again to see for sure.
Words can not describe these cookies. Wow. Amazing. Incredible. Insane. Each cookie was $4 and it was worth every penny.
There is no way to do justice to these cookies. Big. Warm. Soft. Fresh. Stop reading this review, and just go.
love the dark chocolate cookie. get it while its fresh eat it while its fresh its gooey inside ... kinda like a brownie.. and crunchy on the exterior the walnut one is pretty good too, not as sweet. love it!
I first went the Levain Bakery in Long Island in the summer. That location is inviting, warm, spacious, and smells delicious. I was excited to find one near me in the city. First, of all I almost walked by it because it is so small and in the basement level of the building. There is about two feet between you and the counter. It is very small and cramped. I understand there is less space in the city than Long Island but the difference in atmosphere of locations was disappointing. Secondly, I ordered the artichoke pizza and the guy asked me if I wanted it heated and sliced to which I responded yes. When I got my order my pizza was thrown into a paper bag sliced, but not heated, actually cold. I might be back but I won't have high expectations if I do.
Evil, fucking, cookies. i don't even crave sweets, normally. I bought a box of ten for a party and people were like zombies, myself included, after a nibble. be warned. strangely addictive scone sized cookies!!!
I don't even know why this place needs reviewing; have you seen the photos?! One of my closest friends lives above this basement gem and it's just another reason why i'm so incredibly sad that I don't live with her in NY (she can smell the cookies baking from her bedroom window). The line may be somewhat daunting bc it gets pretty busy, but it moves pretty quickly due to the quick but friendly service.  Yes, the cookies are $4, but it's definitely well spent.  They're more cake-like than your average cookie and mine (dark chocolate with chocolate chips) oozed chocolate with every bite. The only downside to them being served so warm and fresh out of the oven is that they're so soft and fluffy, you risk losing some if it falling apart if you try to eat it immediately.  As such, I highly recommend waiting a bit to let it harden.  I know that's practically impossible, but you'll be sad if you lose any piece of that pure deliciousness.
I saw this place on food network and immediately had the biggest craving for cookies.  It's not too far from central park, but I walked right past it the first time I went. It's also a small shop, so don't expect you and all your friends to even fit in the store, but the smell is amazing!  I got one of each cookie and let me tell you they were all worth it. $4 might seem a bit much for one cookie, but these things are huge! It's all nice and crunchy on the outside, but so gooey on the inside. It's a good thing I don't live nearby or else I'd be there every day.
Went after seeing all the rave reviews and the constant stream of people going in all the time every time I pass by.   I got a a walnut chocolate chip cookie. I agree with Anne and Jamie, the cookies were good but I wasn't blown away by them like so many others here. It was good but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Looks can be deceiving. This tiny spot on the UWS is bursting with delicious treats. Their chocolate chip and walnut cookies are the best. $4 for a triple sized cookie by volume. It is stupendous! Someone even came out in the cold without a jacket to give doggies waiting outside some baked treats. This is a neighborhood gem! I'll be back for sure.
Peerless!!! The chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate are my faves...  I come from a family of people who can bake, so this is a true compliment :)  Having grown up with homemade chocolate chip cookies, I won't even eat a mass produced cookie.  Now that I live in California, I really miss these.  When I am in NY I make a beeline... BTW, there is a VERY cute guy working behind the counter ;)
I relocated to Manhattan from San Francisco so I can eat them on a regular basis.
$4/cookie dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies as thick as pie. whether you think that's a good thing or a bad thing is up to you. my friends and I are convinced it's more brownie than cookie. a tasty brownie, but still. when I want a cookie, I want a cookie. also, the dark chocolate isn't as dark (read: bitter) as you would think. again, good/bad up to you. I can get good cookies elsewhere and cheaper.
So good.
Believe the hype...best cookies in the city (and I've tried quite a lot of cookies).  For those that say Jacques Torres has a better chocolate chip cookie--I would emphatically disagree.  I have to agree with the Serious Eats blog's assessment that there is too much chocolate and not enough cookie dough in the Jacques Torres cookie.  Levain's choc chip walnut cookie is surely packed with melty chocolate, but also has the right balance of cookie dough.  And as most other reviewers have mentioned, the PB chocolate cookie is to die for.  Go for a long walk through Central Park to get your hunger going and then stop by Levain's for some heavenly cookies.
You can smell the cookies from the outside and the line does get a bit long. As I echo what everyone else is saying, not exactly worth the four dollars but definitely worth the "experience" I don't really have a high sugar tolerance and so I found these cookies to be way too sweet. One bite for me was enough for the entire day (my bite sizes are quite "tiny") They are great cookies with super moist inside and a nice crisp outside but I probably wouldn't go out of my way just to get them again...
I don't mean to be closed-minded, but I don't think I will ever have a cookie that will top this. These cookies are literally mounds. Chewy, wonderful, gooey, I love how the center oozes. I'm a big fan of cookie dough, and the center is like cookie dough. True love. Scones, brioche, and baguette with butter and jam are all amazing, but don't miss the cookies. All are worth trying, but the choco chip walnut is a classic of course.
I'm really not a fan of sweets. When someone comes around with a plate of cookies or a bag of candy, I'll pass 9 times out of 10. But this COOKIE. OH MAN. I still think about it. It's gooey and delicious, undercooked in the middle so you are basically eating cookie dough... in a good way. I've also had the chocolate chocolate cookie, which is really good, but classic Chocolate Chip Walnut is the BEST. I can't bring myself to eat any cookies but Levain's, and I can't eat one of those cookies more often than once every few months, but it's worth the wait. A few times I've had to wait about 20 minutes in a line out front, but don't be deterred. I promise it's worth the wait.
YUMMY!!! I've been to this place a few times, and it has yet to disappoint me. I love how they don't need a gigantic menu or a large variety of cookies. Their cookies are just amazing. I have absolutely no problem paying the $4.00 for just one cookie because it's just that delicious. It also helps that the cookies are enormous! I've had the chocolate chip walnut, the oatmeal raisin, and the dark chocolate peanut butter. All are absolutely scrumptious but the dark chocolate peanut butter has my heart!!! You just can't go wrong with chocolate or peanut butter. I don't even live anywhere near the area and would travel on the subway for these cookies. So if you're in the area, going through a rough time in your life (aka: a breakup), or just in need for a sweet treat then absolutely stop by this tiny, little store with the humongous cookies!!
Definately a whole in the wall/ grab your cookie and go kinda place. I had the chocolate walnut cookie and it was delicious-very rich. The best part is that the cookies there are straight out of the oven warm/fresh. Tried a bit of my boyfriends double dark chocolate chip- Highly recommend if you're a chocolate lover. The cookie is just oozing chocolate.You'll need a glass of milk to go with it for sure.
I found this restaurant when I was planning for my trip to New York, in a New York Magazine issue that rated theirs the best chocolate-chip cookies in Manhattan.  They were not wrong. I still dream about their chocolate-chip walnut cookies all the way from Sydney, and often use a 'copycat recipe' at home. I'm making sure I hit this place first when I get to NY in August!
Probably the weirdest cookie I've ever had. I liked it, but I think I'd prefer a more traditional, skinnier cookie. It's enormous, and, while crispy on the outside, is really soft and airy on the inside. I prefer my cookies doughy, so I liked in the inside for the most part but found that with this cookie, it was a little too much. It kept falling apart in my hands after breaking through the crusty exterior. I don't know how I finished an entire one by myself, even with a cup of milk to help deal with the cookie's richness.
Best cookies I have ever had. I would take a bullet for these cookies...not in the face because that is my money maker, but somewhere in my upper thigh area. To have giant chocolate chip cookies that are also super moist!! Hollllllly Ballllls!
still as freakin awesome as i remembered. warm and yummy.  loaded with chocolate chips that are melted in the center.  the walnuts are a great balance so the cookie isn't too too sweet because although i like my sweets, i hate things that are too sweet!   the oatmeal raisin was perfect.  chewy but nice little crisp on the outside, its loaded with raisins and the consistency of the cookie is just right. seriously damn good cookies here.
I saw a vignette on the food network about Levain's double chocolate cookies, jumped on the train immediately got a cookie and sat in central park and got it all over my face.  It was amazing.
The cookies at Levain Bakery are arguably the best cookies in all of New York City. Though, admittedly, it's a bit unfair to even call them cookies. More a dense cookie-brownie hybrid, these things are massive, crunchy on the outside, but magically still soft and oozing on the inside. How they do that is a mystery to me. As a Harlem resident, I am very eagerly awaiting the opening of their new outpost on Frederick Douglass Blvd. But there's one thing that will stop me from chowing down on these cookies everyday and becoming the next contestant on the Biggest Loser - the $4 a pop price tag.
I HAVE NO WORDS, literally. I have always wanted to try Levain and heard great things, especially since there are about 2000+ reviews on Yelp. So, after a long day at the museum, my brother and I decided to stop by and satisfy our sweet tooth. I noticed there was a line as we approached and the place looked tiny. But, don't let that fool you. The line moved quite quickly and within 15 minutes we were at the front ordered 2 chocolate chip walnut cookies, with a side of milk of course. As we went to Central Park to snack, we couldn't help but start eating on the walk there. The cookies are 1) huge and 2) crispy on the outside and completely gooey, warm and fresh on the inside. I don't know how they do it! I don't know nor care, they're just AH-MAZING. You definitely need the side of milk with the hunk of chocolate you're eating and one is enough to fill you up. I would say the trek upto Upper West Side is definitely worth it!
We stopped here after a day at the Museum of Natural History. It was a tiny little place, but I knew I had to try one of their famed cookies. We got the chocolate chip walnut cookie, the dark chocolate chip and the peanut butter chocolate chip cookies. We also purchased a Valrhona chocolate roll. The chocolate chip walnut cookie BLEW ME AWAY. Fantastic and thick, almost scone-like in appearance. I have had dreams about that thing. The other two cookies were fantastic as well, but I love me an excellent chocolate chip cookie. I also highly recommend the Valrhona chocolate roll. It was delicious and not too sweet. GO TO LEVAIN.
Seriously... everything in this bakery is crack.  What. The. F!  I've been craving a chocolate chip walnut cookie 24/7 since I first tried this place last week.
A cookie that's the size of your face? A cookie that weighs about half a pound? A cookie that inspires you to fast for a few days? Too many of these cookies have been in my belly! She said. A heart attack is only good if it's in cookie form. I'll have 3: Chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chip, dark chocolate & peanut butter.
Yes. Just yes. Saying yes to these cookies is saying yes to happiness. $4 does seem expensive, but these cookies are practically a meal I swear. I have yet to finish one in one sitting. This tiny little bakery is a New York staple in my opinion.  And these cookies make great gifts. I will never go on a plane from New York without a box of them.
I had the pleasure of visiting this joint. Everyone in this city mentions this place by name. You gotta go to Levains!!! You gotta go to Levains!!!! So I decided to give it a shot. The place is small by the way. Don't plan on bringing a huge group here. You'll be terribly disappointed. However, that's no excuse to not go here still. You can literally smell this place as you walk down the block. When you see the offerings, you'll get a variety of cookies. (E.g. Chocolate Chip, Fudge Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip) Let me tell you. The cookies are MONSTER SIZE. Don't go ordering 3 of these and think you're downing 3 in a row. You can only finish one cookie. That's it. You'll be full once you're done devouring these monsters. I suggest ordering one to eat on the spot and having the others to go. Or even split it with a friend. Don't say I didn't warn ya when I mean these cookies are MONSTERS. Price wise, you'll say  to yourself why am I paying $4-5 for these. Because it's worth it. You won't be sorry for paying this price. You get your money's worth at Levains.
I don't think any cookie in the world can be any better than their Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie.  It is chewy on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  Absolutely delectable and a must try whenever you're in New York.   Their chocolate peanut butter cookie is like a Reeses peanut butter cup on steroids.  It plays second fiddle to the the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie, but is very good in its own right. The store is a bit cramped, but it doesn't matter.  The moment you walk by the store, you get a waft of the buttery goodness that you're about to taste.
There is a reason why, at 10:00 a.m. on a Saturday morning (when I visited), there were wall-to-wall people at this (okay, very tiny) storefront.  Still and all, they turn out a primo product, not many choices I grant you, but they know fine art of cooking baking and have honed it down to crowd favorites.  They don't skimp on ingredients, nor do they skimp on flavor.  The chocolate chips are almost too many, but note the word "almost."  I could never say it was too much when I'm talking about biting into chocolatey goodness....no, make that GREATness.  It really is an excellent cookie.......thick, yet perfectly moist on the inside.  Personally, I'd do away with the walnuts.  I could take or leave nuts in general, but walnuts, I don't care for at all.  I don't hold that against Levain.... that's my issue.  Pecans are another story......but they weren't in the off'ing.  In addition to the chocolate chip-walnut cookie, there was a chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips, again, loaded to the max with PB chips, and an oatmeal cookie studded with raisins.  I probably liked the oatmeal cookie the least, but don't get me wrong.........I still really liked it.  They also offered scones and something else that swept by my eye, but I don't recall.  I saw the cookies, and that's where my focus was entirely.  I would like to have a contest between this store and Milk Jar Cookies in Los Angeles.  It is rare when I like something from L.A. as much as, if not more than in NY.  I have a love affair with NY that L.A. will never know.........buttttttttttttt, Milk Jar totally gets it with regard to cookies, and I totally think they can give Levain a run for their money.  Does anyone out there know both places, and do you have an opinion about it?  Bottom line is this, regardless of which coast you live on, east or west, get yourself to Levain in NYC (and Milk Jar in L.A.) and enjoy yourself some good old-fashioned, amazingly GREAT cookies.  The cookies are HUGE, and yet, when you finish them, you will still be wishing you had more.  In fact, by the time we ate them, we were long gone from their storefront, and yes, I was really sorry I only bought 3 cookies.......that I shared with 3 other people.  How regretful I was that they disappeared so quickly.  I guess I'll just have to get back to NYC more frequently and find my way back to Levain.  So glad I finally got to try it !!
like they need another "yes! this is the best cookie i've ever had!" review. but here it is: the warm, gooey, chocolate peanut butter cookie, oh. my. god. i can't explain how comforting this combination of tastes and textures feels. usually if i sugar overload like this i feel guilty afterward, but this is one of the few items that is completely worth it. side note: i was practically high when i walked out of here after having it with a large coffee.
These cookies will change your life and the way you think about cookies.  Good lord, I dream about these cookies.  I've had them shipped, but you really just can't beat them fresh from the bakery.
all i can say is thank GOD i dont live near this bakery.... i would turn into a fat toad. the cookies were sooooo delicious. if you're looking for somewhere to go on a random saturday, just go here. the line to get in here can be a bit long.... but wouldn't you want it to be after reading all these insane reviews?
I've been to New York 3 times and I have been to Levain twice, I regret the one time I didn't go.  I have never had a cookie as good as Levain, it is a place I recommend anyone visiting NYC to make sure they go. This is probably the largest cookie I have ever had and for sure it is the best one that I ever had.  I had the chocolate chip cookie with almonds.  It was amazing.  It was moist and rich.  Tip: make sure to order some milk to go with this amazing cookie :)
Thin, delicately crispy crust on the outside with a soft, warm, and gooey center. Levains cookies are everything a cookie should be. Yes, yes, yes they look more like scones than cookies but take a bite and you'll see. Every other cookie you've ever eaten will be crying in cookie heaven because they know they couldn't have satisfied your cravings for a delicious cookie as well as Levains has. I was able to try the chocolate chip walnut and the double chocolate peanut butter cookies. They were equally very delicious but the chocolate chip walnut cookie was unreal. The walnuts add an amazing  texture to the soft centered cookies. I also grabbed a latte while I was there which was really good as well. Definitely a spot to hit up while in the Big Apple!
What can I say that hasn't been written? Can't believe it took me this long (and moving out of the city) to venture up to the UWS and find myself in cookie ecstasy, beyond any earthly delight! Would I return here? Definitely.
Chocolate chip cookies are possibly my favorite dessert EVER. They're comforting, simple, and delicious. That being said, it was a pleasant surprise to stumble across reviews of Levain when searching for a good bakery to stop at. In addition to my chocolate chip love, I also love the combination of peanut butter and chocolate so I had to grab one of those too. The chocolate chip cookie is pretty awesome. It's massive and while mine was a bit dry, my girlfriend's was perfectly moist. They don't overdo it with the chocolate chips and walnuts either. It's a nice balance. It's not the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had, but it's easily in the top 5 and I've never had another like it. I hate to say it, but the PB and dark chocolate cookie surpassed the chocolate chip and was absolutely perfect. The flavors weren't as overbearing as they initially appeared and I wolfed it down in a few seconds. This would be the one I'd put my seal of approval on. I hear people bitching about the price of these but I bought a black and white for 3.75 the previous day and you can get those all over the city. Nobody makes a cookie like Levain. If I could make one suggestion to them, it would be to make a non-walnut variety. Additionally, while not my thing, they make awesome biscuit-like scones here with what you can tell are top quality ingredients.
Best cookie in the world ... yes .... the WORLD brought a dozen of these puppies for the nurses, surgeon and anesthesiologist before a recent operation and swear they did a better job with that choc chip walnut goodness to fuel them
Ive been dying to try NYC best cookie and Was in the area on Sunday.  We stopped by after brunch and the line was pretty long but moved very quickly. HUGE & deeeee-licious $4 chocolate chip walnut cookie.... Which was totally worth it & I had to share it with my two kids and hubs...  Too much cookie for one person. Can't wait to come again.
Had their peanut butter and chocolate cookies. It's a pretty lethal combination and would be delicious anywhere. It was more of a brownie with an extra crispy/flaky surface. It was a little too rich for my taste. The iced coffee was ehh. I probably wouldnt go again unless with tourists.
how have i been living on the UWS for the past year and not known about this place??  well, whatever, i still have at least another year here and i really plan to make the best of it.  and that includes many more trips to levain. i was a little bit dismayed at the price at first.  $3.75 for a cookie, sheesh.  but then they handed me the bag of two cookies and it seriously felt like a 5 lbs weight.  these were no cookies.. these things were the size of giant muffin tops! you must at least take a bite when you first get them.  a friend and i got the walnut chocolate chip and the chocolate peanut butter and it was still at that in between stage where it's cool enough to be crispy, but warm enough for the chocolate to still be slightly melted.  the chocolate peanut butter was delicious, but the walnut chocolate chip was superb. oh yea.  this cookie has taken me 3 sittings to finish.. currently still in the process of it.
OK.  So the chocolate chip walnut cookie is pretty damn good...for the first two bites.  After that, it is just too sugary to finish in one sitting.  Sure you can use milk to get it down, but weighing in at something like 2 pounds, SHOULD you really force it down.  I'd prefer paying $4.00 for several smaller cookies rather than having to wrap and save my one enormous pile of butter and sugar for later.
I went here following the suggestion from a friend. I also took her suggestion to get the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie. I didn't know what to expect and even thought a "walnut" cookie wouldn't be that great. I was wrong. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. The cookie was heaven in my mouth. Big and moist and phenomenal. It was basically a full meal because I couldn't eat (or think about) anything else after. The chocolate was even melting on the inside of the cookie! Everyone needs to go here. Don't be deterred by the $4/cookie price. I would pay double for a cookie at Levain Bakery.
The cookies here are absolutely delicious!  But, the price for one cookie is a bit on the expensive side - $4 for one cookie.  I would come here again with my friends, especially if I was around in the neighborhood.
Best cookies I've ever had!!! I bought 2 of those huge cookies, one was the walnut choco chip and another was the dark chocolate cookie. Dang, so heavy and so good!!! I mean, its gooey, its sweet its amazing!! Come by, grab 1 or 2, and enjoy your splurge..
Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie... what? What? What?! WHAT?!! It's like an extra chocolatey brownie with that crispy exterior but soft, gooey inside. Actually, I don't know how the chocolate chips were still melted when the cookie wasn't hot anymore. Mind = BLOWN. Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie... peanut butter enthusiasts delight. If you like PB (and who doesn't... besides those allergic to peanuts. Sorry guys), this will hit the spot so hard. Just wish the peanut butter chips were all melted like the chocolate chips in the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie. Definitely not overrated and worth every dollar. Eating two with a nice tall, cold glass of milk and it's like a meal! I'd go out of my way to get one of these again... :)
Meeh I just don't get why people go all crazy about this place. Their signature cookies are just... giant, intensely sweet... cookies
If I was cookie monster, I'd screw Sesame Street and live in Levain Bakery.  Levain's cookies are most definitely the best I've ever had.  Here's why: Size:  Simply using the word "big" does not do these cookies justice.  Oh no, they are gargantuan beasts with thickness and heft like no other.  In fact, I have never seen a cookie so thick in my life!  They're each 6 ounces of heaven! Texture:  Perfect amount of crisp and crumble on the outside with the most amazing chewy, gooey goodness on the inside. Taste:  The combination of butter and sweetness makes these cookies insanely delicious and unlike any cookie you've ever had. Levain offers a few types of cookies as well as other baked goods, but if anything, you MUST try the chocolate chip walnut cookie!  If you don't like walnuts, you will after eating one of these.  This is the best $3.75 you can spend in NYC!
First off.. the smell of this tiny bakery is heavenly.  Who doesn't like the smell of fresh baked cookies!?  We got there about 4:30 on a Friday and there was a line out the door.  The only downside to this place is they only have 4-5 choices of cookie each day.  This time was chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, chocolate chocolate chip and double chocolate, chocolate chip-peanut butter.  Good thing they had the chocolate chip walnut otherwise I would have been bummed I took 2 different subways and got on the wrong one to get over here!  The cookie was worth the wait. I wouldn't say the best cookie ever, though. It was served warm, and where I only tried a little bit at that time... it was good even when it wasn't hot!  They are HUGE and at $4/cookie, I'd think so. They are crunchy on the exterior and soft on the interior, filled with a perfect amount of chocolate chips and walnuts.  Good ratio of dough to chips/nuts.  Yum.
By far the best cookies I've had in my life. So rich and thick, you will become addicted!! My friends and I always stop by when we are on the UWS. If I could live next door to this bakery I would. They should really deliver.
It took me a while see, a long time to see, breathe, taste the wonders of levain. Going to see a movie at the Lincoln amc was the perfect excuse to stop by and get an after movie snack. You see even while I was there, standing on the long a** line, few rain droplets messing with my hair I still did not think it was going to be a delicious experience that parallels an orgasm. The kind that I'm talking about hits you strong, coming out of nowhere, fades quickly but shi* if that doesn't leave a smile on your face the whole day. I went down the narrow entrance steps, saw the what 4 options of cookies ($4 all) and my eyes immediately zoomed in on that dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. Let me tell you I'm a newly convert to peanut butter and for the past year and a half my life has been filled with more 'hallelujah peanut butter!' moments than I care to count. It seemed that everyone was getting their stuff to go, but I wanted to be stubborn and sit down  so after I forced my cousin onto a metal stool I opened my bag and brought out what can only be described as a small heavy rock. Needless to say that if you banged it on the table the 'thunk, thunk' could be heard quite loudly thank you very much. But although it had the mass of a small planet stuffed into a fist sized cookie the deliciousness it packed- well, see my above description. It was sooooooooo good and lasted me the WHOLE DAY. I couldn't finish it all of course and I ended up nibbling on it 4x all throughout the day. I got this cookie like at 12:30pm and by 7 I still had some left. I don't know HOW they managed to make it so sturdy with melted sexy stuff inside but I thank whatever gods managed to come up with this one. I dare you to try it. It will put a smile on your face the whole day.
At $4 a pop, these aren't your ordinary cookies.  First of all, they are humongous-each cookie weighs 6 ounces.  Second, they beat Bobby Flay's cookies in his show  called "Throwdown with Bobby Flay". Case in point?  You know these cookies must be extraordinary tasting. The chocolate chip walnut was crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy when you bite into them.  The walnut gives it a nice texture and bulk.  It is one great cookie!  The dark chocolate chip cookie was decadent and delicious.  Each cookie probably has a thousand calories but it's worth it!  We make it a point to come here everytime we visit Manhattan.
The cookies are life changing - run - don't walk to this place and get one as soon as you can.
Dark chocolate choco chip is the ultimate cookie for me. Although it does not come cheap ($4), it is very worth it. I have made it a habit already to grab  at least one once a week..
doughy hot buttery goodness!
My sister kept raving about how Levain is the #1 place she wanted to go to when we visited NYC. I'm not a sweets guy so I was like yeah cool...I just want the pizza. She bought two boxes full to eat/take back to Chicago. I was kinda giving her sh*t like are you serious? After I took my first bite of the heavenly, delicious, mouth-watering cookie....I instantly realized what my sister had been preaching. I freaken went straight to the counter and bought two more boxes to take home...NO JOKE. The cookies have a nice shell on the outside and the inside is soft/chewy. Best cookie mound I have ever had in my life!!!! Definitely going back when I return to NYC come November!
Best oatmeal raisin cookies ever. When a hurricane was about to make landfall the next day, this was my first stop for 'supplies' in case the city shut down for several days.
Love!!  The cookies here are fabulous, My personal favorite is the chocolate chip walnut, the cookies are really big so it is great to share or eat a little and save to snack on for later.  The cookies are $4 so just a warning if you are not willing to spend that amount of money on a cookie than this may not be the place for you.   I would say the only let down to the bakery is that there are not a lot of options which is fine for me as I think that is what makes this bakery so good at what they do offer :).  Also another complaint would be that this is not really a sit down place only a grab & go although there are several stools & bar to eat there, personally I would grab my cookies and enjoy them in Central Park :).   I have to give this place 5 stars as a good bakery sometimes is hard to come by especially so close to Central Park :).  Love!!!
I never thought I would be okay with paying $4 for a cookie. With $4, I could have a hamburger and a soft drink. BUT, these cookies are amazing. It was the perfect treat after a two hour chilly walk in Central Park. Crisp on the outside. Soft and gooey on the inside. I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie. They definitely don't skimp on the chocolate, and they don't skimp on the cookie in general. The place is also very charming in general, with friendly workers there to welcome you with a smile. I look forward to the next time I can come back to New York and enjoy a yummy cookie!
When I was a boy, I didn't understand the concept of eating dessert.  Why would I waste my stomach space with dessert?  I'd rather eat MORE steak, burgers, fries, cereal, squeeze-its, capri suns, sunmaid raisins, (yea, you get the idea).  It just made absolutely no sense to me.  I'd rather eat real food instead of saving myself for dessert. Sidenote: And the concept that women have 2nd stomach's for dessert is bogus.  We're all human.  Our anatomy was created the exact same way.  You don't actually have a 2nd compartment for dessert.  You're actually resisting filling yourself with the food you ordered.  For example, when you stop eating your stupid 15 dollar salad because you're "full" you're doing it on purpose, just to get me to buy you a 12 dollar creme brulee.   And then I discovered the gloriousness of fresh baked chocolate chip cookies.  Crisp on the outside, warm and chewy on the inside.  It's like eating a dream.  A glorious dream that involved clouds, sunshine, and a land flowing of milk and chocolate. Levain is delicious.  Fresh fresh baked, LARGE chocolate chip (+ accessories) cookies, made ready to go.  But while Levain creates possibly the most famous chocolate chip cookie in NYC, I don't think it's perfect.  It costs WAYYYY too much money.  And it's honestly, too big for my taste.  I'd much rather have something simple and classic.
I felt a real heart strike and food coma when I made the first bite of  "chocolate chip walnut " cookie. And then I was full. (Yes, that's why you'd better not eat it before or after dinner as a dessert. Treat it seriously like a meal.) =P So I brought home another "dark chocolate peanut butter" cookie as next day's lunch. Even after microwave, it was still so savory and mouth-watering just like heaven. So that is what we New Yorkers called a COOKIE!!!!
Once you step into this establishment, you would know exactly how cookie monster felt all these years about his cookie! Now, I have a crazy urge to go back and taste that cookie every time I see Levain or similar looking blue letter labels. My best favorite is oatmeal raisin. It is milky, buttery, so perfect inside&outside. If this is a steak, it is cooked perfectly for rare. You would think inside is almost raw, but it's just the way it is for their perfection. I baked a little more when I first tried that cookie because I like cookies more med-rare to medium in general(I was stupid to think the already perfect cookie would be tastier!), but it was not the same festivities happened in my mouth after that. They know what they are doing and they sure made me become a big fan of rare doughy cookies. I love them and I hate them at the same time. I would not get the same satisfaction from my (used to be!) favorite cookies anymore. Levain rules!!!
Sometimes I don't eat for the whole day to visit this place and grab some pastry and cookies. I hope nobody sees me when I do this! Anyway, amazing place, one of those where you enjoy life to the fullest.
I'm not lying when I say I've dreamt about their cookies.  Warm, gooey, as large as my face (not really, but yeah, they're huge), and sooo soo yummy in the tummy.  My favorite is the chocolate chip/walnut.  Honestly, probably the best cookies I've ever had in my life.
This place has the BEST chocolate-chocolate-chocolate cookies I've ever eaten. All else is also good, but nothing beats those cookies! mmmmm.
What a great gem in the Upper West Side!  Though many people can't understand why a cookie would cost about $4 - trust me, it's worth it.  These cookies are the size of a baseball and I absolutely love the chocolate chocolate peanut butter.  Try it the next time you are in the area, you won't turn back :)
OH EM GEEE! It's like I died and went to heaven and then came back and brought a little piece of heaven down with me in the form of a cookie. And it's not JUST a cookie, it's a way of life. And it is actually pretty darn tootin' good! The cookies are $4 which some may think that's expensive but it is well worth it! They are huge and very delicious! I went all the way from CA to NYC for this.....well j/k, that was the only reason I went. But anyways just trust me and try this place! 4 and a half stars and over 2600 reviews! Come on now! This is a must try spot and I wish we had one on the west coast.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmm......coookies...... I ordered about six cookies from here. I ate one that night. I gave one to my sister. I intended to eat cookie #3 the next day, give cookie #4 to my brother-in-law, give cookie #5 to my husband, and cookie #6 to my roommate. I ate all of them within 3 days, and it took every ounce of willpower to make it that long. Notice that even with willpower, I still was thinking clearly enough to decide not to share them. That's all you need to know.
Fulfilling my cravings of delicious eats, next on my list was Levain Bakery. NOTE: come early, or else there will be a line out the door! My mistake of paying a visit during the afternoon hrs, a line consisted of 20 people. I was shock to see the  bakery was very tiny, a total of 5 customers fills the room. Levain's  are well known for their delicious cookies, they bake their cookies just to the point where the center is still soft and chewy with chunks full of chocolate chips and nuts. Did I mention there cookies are about 3 inches thick? Cookies are about $4.00 each but worth the price. Cookie heaven!!
Wow - 1950 reviews for this place!  And yet, I am still going to write one because it is awesome! Note - I have only had their oatmeal raisin cookies.  I plan to try some of their other varieties in the future, but for now... My friends and I were going to CT for the weekend and we had rented a car.  Two of us were picking up the third on the UWS when my friend said "You know, we should go to Levain to get cookies. It's up here."  Levain??  Never heard of it.  Well, I sure have now!   I went in at about 12:30 on a Friday afternoon and stood in line for 5 minutes.  I purchased 2 oatmeal raisin cookies for sharing.  They really are HUGE!  I would kill a stranger for some good sweets and I have a big appetite, yet I was only able to finish 1/2 of the cookie!  It was so good and I wanted more, but I just couldn't. Fast forward a to a few weeks later... My mom came into town on Monday and I was supposed to meet her on the UWS for dinner.  She loves oatmeal raisin cookies, so I went to Levain and got 3 (2 for me, 1 for her - haha).  She ate the cookie at her hotel after our dinner and texted me "Wow - that was some cookie! Thanks!".  You're welcome, Mom! I honestly think she ate the whole thing. It took me 24 hours and 3 sittings to eat my 2 cookies (yes, I'm a fattie).  Two days later and I'm wondering if it is worth getting on the bus again to get some more.  So much for the summer slim-down...  I think these cookies are the new crack. Have some, but be prepared to get addicted!
Small place, not even a place to seat..( I think so! I forgot..) I only remember this yummy cookie melted in my mouth. Which ever you choose it will bring you to BIG smile. It's a worth to try even you want more.. But it's a little pricey maybe they're getting so much attention and they think its time to raise the dollar! Please don't go higher! I still need to buy my Chanel but get additional BIG smile from yours.....:)))
Walking by Levain one day, the smell of the fresh baked cookies called out to me ..... EAT ME, EAT ME ..... as the perfume of chocolate and peanut butter wafted through the air .....   Eat them I shall. With my mouth salivating, I was barely able to speak the words. Fortunately, my hostess understood sign language as I ended up just pointing at the baker's rack with trays of hot baked cookies.   The steam still rising from the delectable treats.  The caramel colored peanut butter still oozing from the dark cookie mass. Mmmmmmmhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmm........ Sure it was a million calories and the reason I only go in once a year .  It was absolutely delicious.  So why only 4 stars? They don't serve milk with them.  I needed about a gallon of milk to wash down the rich dark chocolate and creamy peanut butter. Cheers! N.
I would pay $40 for a cookie now that I've had one, making the $4 price tag seem downright reasonable! The oatmeal raisin is my favorite, crunchy and crisp on the outside with a deliciously gooey center. My partner opted for the dark chocolate peanut butter chip, and the few morsels I was able to sneak from his grasp were worth the effort! I think that one may be too rich for me, but I might try and prove myself wrong someday!
Omg..the world's bestest cookies, I can get yummy cupcakes, macrons and gelato nearby but have to trek uptown to get my cookie fix. They are enormous and even though I usually don't share. Oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip walnut are my faves.
Food/Cost: (4.5) I was out running errands with a friend and we stopped by for a treat. As we were meeting someone for brunch shortly after, we opted to share one Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter cookie ($4). I would have to agree with all my Yelp predecessors and also sings praises for Levain. Still, I'm giving the cookie 4.5 out of 5 because, while the cookie is amazing, I  felt like it was a one-note wonder. The perfect desserts for me are those where flavors build on each other, where there is a depth of flavor, and where the taste starts out one way and transforms in your mouth to leave you with yet another flavor. The texture of these cookies is amazing, yes -- they are a bit crunchy on the outside and melt-in-your-mouth in the inside -- but the flavor profile is just one thing: sweet. Still, I'm not complaining as the cookie was terribly good. Good thing I don't live near Levain or I'd have to trade in my clothes for all larger sizes due to frequent visits here. Four dollars may first seem steep for one cookie, but please note that these cookie are as large as a scone and 5x as dense and filling. Ambiance: (4) It's a take-away tiny bakery located on the lower floor of a building, so there isn;t much to judge in terms of ambiance. But I do like the bustling nature of this place, there were scores of bakers working in the back to tirelessly churn out those freshly baked cookies.   Location: (5) Located on the Upper West Side of NY, this bakery is in the midst of shopping, stores, and everything else. Service: (5) The cashiers are pleasant enough here and get you in and out as fast as they can. Overall: (4) The backstory to this bakery is pretty interesting. The cookies were were first conceptualized by a pair of female triathlon athletes in need of a high-calorie, yet delicious snack to power them through their strenuous workouts. I'd say they definitely succeeded.
This bakery is what I love about New York.  It is slightly "hole in the wall-ish" in terms of size, yet there is plenty of room to navigate.   This bakery came as a recommendation to me.  Therefore, I imagined a grand bakery, lined with cookies, bread, and more.  Most important note here: The cookies, in my initial imaginary thought, were normal sized!  Normal sizing to me is something that is smaller than the palm of my hands...I guess like a Keebler cookie! Reality: I saw the Levain awning, and decended down an almost steep set of stairs to the small bakery.  I chuckled as I noted refridgerators to my left, sparse seating to my right, ovens in the back, and a decent sized display case in front of those ovens.  Gotta love New York and its ability to maximize space!  Next I noted the customer service.  FRIENDLY!!  Everyone was smiling and said hello!!  Then I saw the cookies.  Sweet Jesus...the size.  I was in HEAVEN!!!  I could have sworn that I heard violins and angels singing.   You don't leave that place without a cookie.  You just don't.  If you do, then something is wrong with you.  Yes, I said that.  I also took a hefty slice of the sourcream coffee cake.  Also very good!  Everyone, go to Lavain Bakery!  You will not be disappointed!
I went with a friend and we shared a walnut chocolate chip cookie and a dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie. The first bite of the walnut chocolate chip cookie was delicious. The second, not so delicious. The dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie was so sweet that I ate a little piece and that was it. I ate maybe about a quarter of the chocolate walnut cookie and a small piece of the dark chocolate cookie and my teeth hurt from all the sweetness. I personally wasn't too crazy about the cookies but my friend loved them. I guess it depends on whether you like gooey sweet cookies or not. I would say it's a worth a visit to decide for yourself.
"That's a cookie!?!?" That's pretty much what I thought when I walked in. My friend had told me that I should go to Levain for their cookies, so when I walked in and saw giant scone/muffin top looking things, I was so confused. But no, those ginormous delicious smelling little bits of heaven were actually cookies. At $4 a cookie, the cost is kind of steep, but if you're into cookies or if you're just in the mood for some baked goodness, just do it. The chocolate chip walnut cookie is a staple and in my humble opinion, it's zee BEST. This may be because I tend to like my sweets/chocolate-y things better when there's nuts, but take what you will from that. I am normally not even that big of a cookies, but this was delicious. Eat it fresh if you can because the experience is just that much better. Then you really get to enjoy the warm gooey omg-ness of it. It's such a large cookie thing that you could feasibly make multiple meals out of it or share with multiple people. Each "cookie" here is essentially like... 3 normal people sized cookies. The cookies are also fairly dense/heavy, and for someone like me who is not normally a sweets person, I ended up sharing with some friends. In terms of location, Levain is hidden from eye level, so when you're looking for it, make sure you look down, otherwise you'll just walk right past it! The interior is fairly cramped, but there are a few seats (read: 2-3). Everyone was super friendly and helpful. tl;dr: Some of the most delicious cookies on the Upper West Side. Just take my money already!
Death by chocolate, the chocolate chip cookies are to die for. Gotta go back real soon.
Four dollars well spent. I had the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie and it literally melted in my mouth and filled my soul with peanut butter goodness. I usually don't like dark chocolate but I loved this one, especially since I'm obsessed with peanut butter. Will definitely be back for more.
FOUR dollars for ONE cookie? You've GOT to be F'ing kidding me. It's like the emperor's new clothes. They are RAW in the middle, people. They've got NO clothes on! No cookie is worth that much, and these cookies are just fooling you with their outrageous pricetag. Just. Walk. Away.
Dark chocolate chip cookie =0 A-mazing!
Hands down the best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had! This place is located a few blocks after the Natural History Museum and I wish I got more than 1 cookie :x The place is pretty small and hidden and if you don't pay attention, you will definitely miss it! From the outside, you wouldn't think much of this place, but don't judge a book by it's cover. Even though this little bakery offers about 4 different types of cookies, some scones and breads, I'd just stick with the cookies! I also tried the dark chocolate chip cookie which was warm and gooey. It literally melted of yumminess in your mouth! However the chocolate chip walnut cookie was unbelievably amazing and soft inside! I admit, it's a little bit pricey for $4 a pop, but it's because of the high quality of the ingredients. I might try to make a stop before I leave NYC and bring some back home :D But it's worth a stop if you enjoy cookies!!
These cookies be bangin. They bring me uptown. Try at least twice. There's sometimes a short line, but it's worth the wait.
I didn't get a chance to actually go to the bakery, but my friend brought back the walnut chocolate chip and double chocolate chip cookies... and I fell in love with Levain Bakery. Thank god I don't live in that neighborhood! The cookies weigh like a pound each, and are perfectly cooked. You'd think a cookie as thick as these ones would be uncooked in the center, but somehow they manage to have this amazing chewiness throughout. The flavor is also outstanding. I preferred the less sweet walnut chocolate chip cookie, as the double chocolate tasted just like a brownie. As far as cookies go, Levain Bakery's are really up at the top.
These were the best cookies that I and the two friends I was with had ever had! Im not a huge fan of searching for cookies...we walked about a mile and a half to find these things! But when I got my bag with that warm chocolate and peanut butter cookie I was shocked at how good it was.
If Sally from the movie, When Sally Meets Harry, had eaten a cookie from Levain Bakery, I am most certain she would not have fake it.  It is THAT GOOD.
Mmmmm, we are still amazed at how dense these cookies are, they weigh a ton!  Delicious although definitely not for one sitting, sharing is caring with these cookies! Definitely return.
Great Place! But strange i can be number one on Tripadvisor and Yelp. Smal concept 3 cookies to choose between. Simple and good makes it
LOVE this place - my family has a Cookie Walk we do when we feel like some Levain's.  There's always a line out the door whenever I've been. Popular with tourists and locals alike.  I only wish they had a regular chocolate chip cookie - without the nuts.  Otherwise, that would be my favorite. I also like the oatmeal raisin, though I generally don't like oatmeal raisin.  They're best when still warm on the inside! The cookies are a bit pricey ($4) but so delicious... I would like to try some of their other bakery items but I always get sidetracked by the cookies...
Wow, these cookies are amazing!! A client brought them to our office today and man do they weigh a ton! The cookies are the size of hockey pucks, maybe even a tad bigger. We tried the Chocolate Chip Walnut and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. Yummm So rich and the perfect combo of a little crunchy on the outside and cake/brownie like on the inside. Dark Chocolate PB Chip is so delicous, and yes I hit a wall about half way through, but who says you can't finish the rest later? This bakery is dangerously close to the JCC... I may have to start treating myself after my Krav Maga and 90DX lessons with James Sherman...
Oh, god, yes. Today I went on an all day wing crawl with a group of friends.  We started at Dinosaur, and walked all the way down Manhattan eating wings.  Yes, it relates, give it a second! Anyhow, while on the UWS, with our mouths burning from Blondie's "ouch" wings, we had an epiphany.  Milk alleviates the burn from spice, so a cookie with chocolate ought to do the same thing.  Right? We purchased a cookie.  We had trouble splitting it because it was so fresh, warm and choco-packed.  But, we eventually managed.  And, oh, god, yes.  Three manly men and my lackadaisical self moaned in the streets with glee.   Resting our weary legs at the end of our "great manhattan wing crawl," we reviewed our trip.  We talked about our favorites.  Our let downs. Our day overall.  We truly had some great wings. But, it was the Levain chocolate chip walnut cookie that stole the day.
I'm a cookie connoisseur and these, when warm, are some of the best I have had. I can usually find fault in any cookie but these are pretty damn good. Took a dozen back to houston with me.
I love Levain cookies - they're literally a meal in itself, as they're the size of my fist. Not to mention they're rich, soft, and usually fresh and hot out of the oven. So I can justify paying $4 for one, especially one as warm, soft and rich as a Levain cookie when eaten during a brisk winter day over a cup of milk or coffee... mmm perfect! Only quib - I don't like it toooo gooey. Which does happen, so beware.
Extremely sweet one is more than enough :p share if possible Penaut butter cookie was the best I kept a box of cookies for 4 days and it kept the flavor & fluffiness.
The only cookie that ever satisfies. Really. I would eat one of these quarter pound, crisp on the outside, raw on the inside beauties every day if (A) I could financially afford it, and (B) they wouldn't make me gain about 50 pounds.
Situated next to Epicerie Boulud, this little bakery and snack shop offerer everything from blue cheese potato chips to cookies. If you need a little sweet to eat, stop in. I took home a bag of gourmet chips, chocolate cookies and peanut brittle. All home made and delicious!!
Delicous! I had the oatmeal and my husband had the dark chocolate peanut butter. Both were amazing.  Will be back next I'm in NYC!
Go with the chocolate chip walnut one. Flask and favorite!!!!
Enough praises have been sung about the signature Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie at Levain, but did you know that founders Constance McDonald and Pamela Weekes created the item as an integral part of their Ironman Triathalon training? At the time, they needed a high-calorie, physically compact item to help them match their energy expenditures, and thus, the six ounce behemoth of a cookie was born. That doesn't mean that you have to be training for the Ironman in order to consume one of these cookies, but it should give you some indication as to how calorie-dense the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie actually is. It's almost as high as it is wide, and the center of each cookie is is unbelievably soft and gooey, thanks to the generous amount of chocolate chips used. The texture is offset by some much-needed crunchy walnuts, which will make any dessert-lover swoon at first bite. Nor should you overlook some of the other creations available at Levain. The Oatmeal Raisin Cookie adopts most of the technical features of the original, and while it isn't as meltingly delightful (as there aren't any melted chocolate chips), it's a viable alternative for those who aren't as keen on chocolate as the rest. They also do a commendable Sour Cream Coffee Cake, which is simultaneously dense and moist, and has a vied-for cinnamon sugar center in each slice. There's almost always a line outside this tiny, underground storefront, but each guest is quickly taken care of, so it moves relatively quickly. The UWS location of Levain only a handful of stools inside and a small bench on the outside, so your treats will likely have be to taken to go as well. Don't worry, though: You won't be the only one eating your cookie (or cake) outside while standing; after all, they're best enjoyed fresh out of the oven.
Ok, so i know its four dollars for a cookie, but here is a true story: I bought my chocolate walnut cookie, and i said: WOW! This is the size of a brick! so i paid and went outside to eat my cookie. I thought: i will eat a small piece now and save the rest for later. Nah, i ate the whole thing. The whole brick: it was so good! i mean, i just can't. The chocolate was melting and i feel fuzzy and in a happy place. i just can't. You'll never eat a cookie like this. You need to pay those 4 bucks and stuff yourself after. You'll no regret it, trust me.
I will not bore you with a lengthy review since I happen to agree with the majority opinion. I drove through the pouring rain for 11 hours to get here (sounds like a country western song, but it's true) I paid $4 per cookie. I got the chocolate chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin. It was worth every minute, It was worth every penny. I really liked the oatmeal raisin. At a certain point when you are chewing it, you can taste that butter and it is unbelievable.
Both the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies are amazing...so amazing that I've been dreaming about having another one! Way better than the chocolate chip cookie at Bouchon Bakery. At $4 a cookie, I would never go out of my way to go to Levain Bakery again (because it's so damn far!), however I suggest that if you are in the area give it a try!
State-of-the-art cookies that are worth waiting around the block for. You will not be disappointed.
By far the best chocolate chip cookie ever! Gooey, yummy goodness Yum Yum Yum =)
I'm not even into sweets, and this place rocked. Shared a dark chocolate cookie and a blueberry muffin with a friend. Yumminess! Just ate an oatmeal raisin scone this morning for breaky. Best i ever had... Returned for more but were sold out (wtf?). Unfortunately the prices of the cookies are too expensive to make it a ritual or to bring as a gift to a party.
My A-OK rating is on the texture of the cookie, because Levain's cookies are intense and thick. The dark chocolate peanut butter chip tastes good, but I couldn't eat the whole thing. If you like cookie dough then you'll love these cookies because it's like eating a ball of dough. I ate the outside parts while my bf devoured the rest of the cookie.
Levain cookies are anything but your regular cookie. As soon as you walk into this tiny establishment, the experience begins. The smell of chocolate and cookies is almost as good as eating the cookie itself.  These fist sized, warm, gooey (not fully cooked) scone like cookies are almost a meal in themselves. The chocolate chip and walnut or oatmeal are, IMHO, the best options. The chocolate chocolate and peanut butter are great but began to cloy after a short while. I would stick to the cookies, the breads and scones are pretty standard.  Definitely come here if your in the area or buy a dozen ($48!!) and be the most favorite person wherever you take em. Only reason they don't get 5 is the limited and overpriced menu aside from cookies. The breads, cake, and even, surprisingly, the scones are dry, too sweet, or boring respectively.
It was a bit of a trek there from Times Square but every time I'm in town, I HAVE TO have one these cookies! Its the best cookie MEAL you'll ever have! I'm not kidding one cookie will be enough for a meal. They're always warm and delicious!!! Its easily the best cookie I've ever had.
These cookies are simply amazing! Next time I'm in town I'll definitely stop by and buy another box.
A friend sent me here to get her cookies to bring back to LA.  I wondered what all the fuss was about, particularly when I saw the line upon arrival to Levain, and now I understand... The cookies are AMAZING! They are big and heavy and look more like a muffin/scone/cookie blend, rather than "just a cookie." Maybe that attributes to the awesomeness?  Anyway, I am very happy to have been sent on this errand!
Cookie nirvana, plain and simple.  I'm sure people argue the merits of different cookie-preparations, but you cannot deny what this place is doing.  No subtle, playfulness here, just in your face decadence and flavor. I look forward to coming back and trying some of the other, non-cookie items because I'm sure they will not disappoint. Do not fear the inevitable line, it moves quick.  Do not fret over the price tag, these hefty behemoths are worth every penny.  Good thing this place is across the park from me, my waistline wouldn't stand a chance otherwise.
Wooooooooooooooow. Giant amazing cookies. Two hands are required to eat it. Maybe two people.  Naaaahhhh!!
We rushed over to Levain after work one day.  Took a cab because they were closing at seven.... and it was well worth it! Their Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie is out of this world.  They served it nice and warm, chocolate all melted, freshly baked (or warmed) even at the end of the day.  Definitely worth the $4 for one cookie! The Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie was pretty delicious too!  The rough part for me (doesnt deserve taking off once star) was that it wasnt warm!!  Come on now... if you're gonna make your best seller warm, you might as well make your SECOND best seller warm too! Oh... and we had a blueberry muffin.  Stick with the cookies, if I were you! Definitely gonna go back again. Please open one downtown!! or at least in midtown!
Just helping the cause.  The chocolate chips cookies are the best dessert you'll ever eat and worth the $4.00 investment.  Seriously, the cookie is the best dessert you will ever eat.  Chocolate Walnut. If you haven't tried, what are you waiting for? Go!!!!
I lovelovelovelove Levain's cookies. The trek up here is worth it after taking a bit out of perfection. While everyone loves the chocolate chip walnut cookie (as do I), my go-to cookie is the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. It's the best of both worlds: crunch on the outside, gooey in the middle. They stuff the dough with an immense amount of chips, so its a guarantee party in your mouth with every bite...that sounds dirty. Anyway, as a cookie fanatic, I HIGHLY recommend Levain Bakery. It's worth the trip and the $4.
Today is one of my last days in New York City after living here 10 years. Decided to finally try Levain as one of my must-try-before-I-go places, and have to say it lived up to the hype. We got a walnut chocolate chip, and an oatmeal. Both were fantastic. Huge, with a bit of crisp on the outside, and so soft and gooey on the inside. Probably the best cookies I've ever had. Yum!
Is it bad that the only time I liked this place was when my friend bought the cookies for me? Apart from the price that's sort of a deterrent, the choc. chip walnut cookie I got was raw the first time I had it. Yea- I eat cookie dough all the time but that's why we have Pillsbury. However, I did enjoy it when my friend showered me w/ some cookies (he didn't know about my first experience AND they weren't raw- woo hoo!) but I can make jumbo cookies myself and they'll be just as warm and large when I make them!  So IDK if there's a point in coming back unless I'm having a lazy day.
Simply put, the best cookie you will ever have in your life.  I challenge you to prove me wrong.  Send any competitors my way.
Love all the cookie flavors,( well maybe not so much the oatmeal one) oh.. but that Chocolate chocolate chip..... The chocolate chocolate chip is sublime. Have a glass of milk ready,  and begin to take that first bite... The outer layer of this large, about 1" high cookie(?) is lightly crispy, the middle is soft, brownie like filled with large chunks of melted chocolate, rich and gooey. You will lose track of time and place, you will yearn for silence as you savor this incredible morsel, and then fall into a deep,peaceful sugar coma.
These cookies are so chunky and gooey and awesome. I bought a few and walked home with them and after 40 minutes they were still gooey inside and tasted so fresh. It's hidden underneath Max Wax and it's always so crowed. Along the walls are all these magazines clippings noting their greatness. The people are super friendly and each cookie is totally worth the money.
Ok, so they're super large cookies (almost scone sized) that's super rich and buttery and moist. I get it. I love fat too. But honestly $4 for a scookie (scone-cookie), the hype just isn't doing it for me... it's good but not that good. Cool to try once but don't see myself coming back.
Best cookies ever. This place is famous for mountainous enormous cookies. I love the peanut butter!
Hands down, the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever tasted (and trust me, I've tasted plenty)! These are almost ridiculously good. I can't recommend them enough! It's too bad I don't find myself in this neighborhood very often. It'd be fantastic if they had a few more locations spread out around the city!
Got the dark-chocolate peanut butter chip cookie - amazingly good.  Also got the oatmeal-raisin - very good, but unfortunately I've had better.  It was lacking a lot of the oatmeal flavor and texture that I love.   It's a bit pricey, but it's like Costco, you buy these babies in individual bulk (does that make sense?)  Worth the money.
I have never seen anything quite like it......can you even call this a COOKIE? I think someone needs to invent a new word for the out-of-this-world-monstrous goodness!!!!!! Soft yummy and melt in your mouth, AMAZING!!!! Yum yum yum.........highly recommend, the chocolate chip. Not even close to Nana's chocolate chip, I swear =P
Ooops! I just drooled on my keyboard thinking about this place. Seriously, the cookies are unbelievable! They are so big you actually might think they are cake instead of cookies. In fact the really cool thing is that you get the best of both worlds: in the middle they are so thick and 'caky' like, but then towards the edges they are thinner and more 'cookie' like. No matter which way you like them, you'll LOVE these. Don't take them to go and eat them without heating them up - I think it violates about three laws and 12 moral imperatives. Nuff said. Go get some cookies.
Really tasty giant double chocolate cookie if you're into cakey cookies that don't flatten. It was surprisingly soft, and the line moved fast. Hot chocolate was bad.... not chocolatey enough and not warm enough.
I love you Levain Bakery.  You know the true design and meaning of the perfect cookie.  Fat, crunchy on the outside, gooey in the inside.  You are cookie heaven.  No other chocolate chip and walnut cookie can ever replace you.
This is a great place to take a visitor, a couple blocks from Central Park you will sometimes find a line creeping out of this subterranean bakery. Their specialty is the cookie, and they know what they are doing. They have 4 different cookies and a few types of breads, that's it. The cookies are very thick and a little undercooked and very rich. They are big enough to split. An awesome afternoon cookie to share.
This place is tiny so just go here to pick up a treat or stay with a friend for a cookie. The cookies are awesome, but they're huge and very filling, so I would split one with a friend or take half home. Definitely look more like scones and muffins than cookies and are SUPER rich on the inside.
Great cookies although they were out of the brioch.  A different style of cookie, very thick with a partially uncooked center.  Whether it is the best cookie is debatable if it is the best $4 cookie is even more debatable.  Milk is always a top choice.
What can I say about Levain cookies that has not already been said?  They are delicious.  Best cookies in the city?  Quite possibly. Always soft, always chunky, and very well-balanced flavors...sometimes slightly too sweet and chocolaty?  (I know, some people prefer that) At $4 a pop, they may sound expensive, but they are massive, and on a dollar vs. volume basis, they may actually be cheaper than many other lesser cookies.  But seriously, these thing are very sizable.  Dessert???  Get a glass of milk...or two, and this could be a very cost-effective combined dinner and dessert.  Oh, and how about an oatmeal raisin cookie for breakfast?
The cookies live up to the hype although I can't even imagine how many calories are in one.  If I had to make a bet, I would guess 1000-1200 calories? That is a heck of a caloric expenditure/commitment.   With that in mind, yes, its a big, expensive, fat, gooey, heavy, delicious cookie with exorbitant amounts of chocolate in it. If Bloomberg wants to ban large oversized soda, it doesn't seem unrealistic that Bloomberg would next set his sights on Levains large oversized cookies.
There's no way this places deserves anything BUT a 5-star rating. In fact, if I could award more, I would. Without hesitation. Where do I even begin? People will tell you (Levain staff included) that they're famous for their cookies. These are decadent treats that would render Cookie Monster speechless. They're enormous, dense, rich, and chewy. It's a cookie experience second to none. Make no mistake, these things are worth every penny of the $4 you'll spend on them. Trust me, you won't be sorry. Oh but hey - they have outrageous brioche too! Chocolate chip and cinnamon...make sure you're here early enough to grab them because they DO sell out. One nice service this bakery offers: you can call in advance to set aside your baked goods, to avoid the disappointment of missing out of you're too late. I love that they do that. Finally, they score big points for having a super-friendly staff! I have always been greeted with a warm smile and nice chit-chat. Doesn't matter how busy they seem to get, they remember their manners and treat their customers well. You must take a trip to the UWS for this place.
Thank you NATALIA M., on the day of the "Favorite Cookie" talk thread you also shouted out your favorite cookie to be chocolate peanut butter chip. But other key details in your shout-out were "DARK chocolate" from "Levain Bakery." I knew I had to pay a visit to this elusive cookie mecca (elusive b/c it escaped me when we were living on the UWS). I told you I would be paying a visit soon enough... That day arrived. Just back from a trip to the UWS with enough goodies for my co-workers and I.  This is THE BEST Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookie Monstrosity I have ever had the pleasure of devouring. And I'm happy it was so beautiful outside (as in the weather, though the cookie was too!!) so that I could walk back to work...thats right, I work hard for my cookie.
The reception to something like cookies is very much subject to the eater.   I'm not the Cookie Monster, so I can't say I'm  a fan of them. Best cookie in NYC?  I wouldn't cast my vote here.  Largest maybe. I didn't like the fact it was so gooey inside. It almost looked like it was raw. I like soft and chewy, but this was excessive and not my thing.  I'd rather have this split into 3 different cookies to get a nice balance of crisp goodness and soft chewy cookie. $4 is about right, since you can probably split this cookie into 2 or 3 more reasonable sized treats. The flavors here are pretty plain - choc chip, oatmeal.
I entered Levain Bakery with slight hesitation. As someone who is medically barred from consuming anything with caffeine (yes...that includes chocolate.  Feel free to feel terribly sorry for me), I had but one option when it came time to order my cookie: oatmeal raisin. Normally, oatmeal raisin cookies and I do not get along, but I had wanted to try Levain Bakery for so long that I was willing to end my petty feud with what I once considered to be the world's most boring cookie. Needless to say, I now know how delicious an oatmeal raisin cookie can be. Fresh from the oven, this massive cookie was packed with the most delectable raisins that I have ever eaten (and I've been to many Tu B'Shevat Seders, so raisins are not unfamiliar to me) and the gooey dough on the inside was absolutely delectable. Had it not weighed approximately 16 pounds and cost $4, I may have opted for a second one. For those of you who can eat chocolate, I say go for one of the other cookies, as they smelled divine. But, if you're unable to enjoy life's finer things like me, try the oatmeal raisin. It's pretty much amazing.
Best cookies. EVER. If you're having a truly NYC bad day, these cookies will cheer you right up! Warm and gooey, one cookie is like the size of two cookies stacked on top of one another. And $4 for a cookie really isn't bad when you take into account the size and deliciousness. Definitely worth it! I go here any time life is bringing me down, and the double chocolate chip cookie alaways makes everything right again.
Holey Moley. This $4 cookie will not let you down. We got the chocolate chip walnut. It's thick, it's warm, it's crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. The staff inside was friendly. Overall, a cute, delicious bakery in the Upper West Side. Buy a cookie and head to Central Park to people watch!
Do you ever see those cookie commercials where the person breaks a cookie in half and all the pure chocolatey goodness oozes out? Yeah, Levain cookies are just like that. But they taste even better than they look. Enough said :)
The oatmeal raisin and dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies are a delight! Even though their cookies are usually best straight out of the oven, they don't lose their soft, gooey, partially baked insides if they've been sitting on a tray for awhile. There is a lot of hype surrounding their cookies, and whether or not you agree with the hype, its hard not to admit that their cookies serve their purpose - to entertain your taste buds. It's worth the $4 dollars, considering its size and how filling it is. For a tiny bakery, they sure know how to make a whale of a cookie, and it's tasty too!
I've never been disappointed by a levain chocolate chip walnut cookie. Totally worth the price tag.
Awesome Cookies, just as advertised! Tiny entrance, with narrow stairway jam-packed with customers, ready to take-away some of the best cookies I have ever tasted. Worth it, totally. Grab an Illy coffee right down the street (at Jacques Torres chocolatier) to wash the cookies down with. Whoa!
I am the biggest cookie monster from Indonesia lol. I love chocoalte chip cookies so much. I get so excited to see that this Bakery has one big cookies. I ordered the legendary one, chocolate chip walnut. it was pretty heavy to hold it for a normal cookies. I asked them to heat it up and eat it with a glass of cold milk (i know it was snowing, but I have to!). The cookie was decent actually.. but I like how they have so many texture (crunchy, soft). I hope that they can get more flavor .!
The best cookie in Manhattan. Hands down. For chocoholics, order the double chocolate cookie. Then come home, microwave, and devour. These cookies are best consumed WARM.
These triathletes got the recipe right for the perfect chocolate chip walnut cookie! The four main components of a fabulous chocolate chip cookie are:  1. texture, 2. ingredients, 3. taste, and 4. baking temperature.  This chocolate chip walnut cookie was had the perfect balance of taste and texture which was achieved through quality ingredients.  And because they were generous on key quality ingredients, you get this voluminous cookie, which enhances the texture of the cookie.  Nice toasty bite on the exterior and soft chewy interior.  This chocolate chip walnut cookie is to die for! Be prepared to pay about $4 bucks per cookie, but, remember, you get A LOT of cookie! For the size and perfection of this cookie, the price is reasonable. Bon Appetit...winning the hearts of food lovers one tummy at a time!
It's kind of ridiculous how good the chocolate chip walnut cookie was. It took me all day to finish because of the size! The outside is crunchy and the inside is warm and gooey and perfect. Just what a cookie should be. A note on the space, it smells like you've died and gone to cookie heaven. Also, the guy behind the counter is super cute.
Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter. 6 oz of slighty sweet, warm, melty chocolate spotted with chewy peanut butter kisses... What this in the middle? It's still warm hot? Soft warm cookie? O. M. G.... *shakes uncontrollably. The chocolate walnut cookie was loaded with TONS of chocolate. I am fairly certain that it is actually two smaller cookies sandwiching a mass or chocolate baked together. A bit sweet for my taste, but delicious! No dogs are allowed inside, but they have a lovely bench where you can sit and watch people pass too. Okay, granted $4 for a cookie is a bit much, but if you're willing to pay that much for a coffee, why not try a cookie?
Lets say that I am not biggest cookie eater out there. Actually I never eat cookies but this place is out of this world. Let me get some cookies. Could eat these things all day everyday. Dark chocolate with chocolate chip. Amazing composition of flavors, highly recommend. Don't buy one, get many!!! Chocolate chip with walnuts also tastes good but it just has too much sugar for me. Dark chocolate with chocolate chip 10/10 Choc chip walnut 8/10 Service 10/10. Enjoy
Levain has the best chocolate chip cookie ever. These are so dense and heavy you may probably need a friend to split it. The Harlem location is bigger than the one in the Upper West Side and offer other pastries I have not tried. I can just tell you to order the chocolate chip walnut cookie. And to go for a run later.
Maybe I shouldn't have ordered the coffee cake but it looked great. The cake had a nice topping but the rest of it was dry and unappetizing. I honestly just don't think much of a bakery that makes.... maybe only a dozen or so varieties of cookies and other baked goods but they can't get a simple coffee cake right. On the other hand, the cookies looked good and my friends enjoyed their cookies.
First bite = WOW!! I'm definitely a fan, but I can only base this one review on the Chocolate Chip Walnut. As a dessert lover, I didn't find the cookie too sweet as mentioned in other reviews. In fact, the chocolate chip to walnut to cookie ratio was just perfect. It melted in my mouth yet had a slight crunch from the nuts. $4 might seem a little steep, but these things are HUMONGOUS. Go with a friend and split one, or it's enough to last you to day 2 (and still tastes delicious!).  The only downside to Levain is how early it closes! I don't know about everyone else, but I'd like to be able to satisfy my late night cookie craving...or at least get one after dinner!
Chocolate chip walnut = Hands down the best cookie I have ever had in my life. I would never ever pay four dollars for a cookie unless it was from this place. I feel like some of the other reviews just don't do this place justice! If I were wealthy enough I would buy a plane ticket just to fly to New York City and have the cookie again! If you are ever in Manhattan you have to make the trip! I can only hope that Levain's opens in the San Fransisco Bay Area! I recently found out that you can buy online.... I may end up buying a gift for myself :). I've been recommending this place to everyone who travels to NYC from San Francisco. Levains has the best chocolate chip cookie in this country and I can vouch for that!
Do yourself a favor. Get the cookie. Worry tomorrow. Live today. My idea of a perfect evening would be to get a slice of pizza from Freddie and pepper's around the corner (sorry for the shamless fangirling...), heading into Levain's and getting a chocolate chip walnut cookie, and then heading out to Central Park to people watch. You can't go wrong. It's $5 a cookie. Yeah, but it's like...3 cookies. It's quite sweet, but they are so fucking fresh. Don't even waste your time with the double chocolate ones. Too much. The chocolate chip walnut will rock your world, gently, warmly, like a hug from Fabio or a hot shower after a blizzard. Do it. Treat yo'self. Regret nothing.
Can't say more than the bigillion reviews of this place, but THE HYPE IS REAL. Cookies are ginormous  ($4 each)  and all are delicious.  The store is extra tiny so don't go in mobs or rather send one tribute to get your cookies. The line can build up so go at off hours.  The cookies keep well and a quick microwave well get them back to that soft gooey state.
If you get nothing else, you have to get the chocolate chip walnut cookies. Huge and warm, the outside had that delicious golden crust while the inside was gooey and melted in your mouth. I only regret one thing and that is that I only got one! I wish I lived closer so I could try more!
Another stop on a NYC food crawl with the BFF.  She raved it was one of her top places to get a cookie, and their fresh out of the oven, doughy, and gooey Chocolate chip walnut cookie did not disappoint.  It's the price of a cupcake, and about the size of one too. You can easily share one with two people, and if you're super hungry, could even make a meal out of it. Haha. A yummy, indulgent treat!
There may be better desserts but there sure as hell is no better cookie. Nobody on the little island does them better than Levain They remind me of the Seinfeld episode where they open up a store and sell nothing but muffin tops, except these are probably bigger.  Calling them cookies is like calling Mt Everest a bump in the road, they're perfect for sharing and well worth the price in fact it's pretty much a steal at the price they charge since they're meal replacements. They come out warm, almost still cooking inside and in between the valleys and peaks is gooey oozing greatness. All of the flavors: Chocolate Chip, Oatmeal Raisin, Chocolate Peanut Butter, and Walnut need to be tried and if you've never read If You Give a Mouse a Cookie just know that you need milk with these things!
I am not a huge desert fan, I rarely order it and I rarely desire it. A fellow foodie friend of mine brought me to this place this past week and WOW is the only word I can use to describe these cookies! I ordered the double chocolate chip cookie and it blew me away! My mouth is beginning to water just thinking about it. Fluffy and warm on the inside and dripping with chocolatey goodness. The outside is baked to perfection and with just a bit of crunchiness that brings the whole experience full circle. A small spot with a constant line outside, this place cannot be passed up and will forever be THE desert place for me to go to!
Read something that said to go here for the Chocolate Chip cookie, so I trekked 20 blocks up to find it.  Tiny place, line out the door.  While they don't have plain Chocolate Chip cookies (not sure if they ever do) they had the Chocolate Chip with walnut (I don't like nuts) and the Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie others write about.  I was surprised they were $4 each, but I had to try one and I was glad I did.  The quality of the chocolate used was amazing.  I also got a Bombolini or Bombolocini or whatever it was (Italian jelly donut?).  Quite good.
Peanut butter chocolate chocolate chip.  Nope, I didn't stutter...  A 2lb mound of brownie batter in the shape of a cookie and cooked to perfection!  Heaven, right here on earth.  Can't eat it in one sitting?  That's okay, it stays fresh for days.  How do they DO that?
The moistest, gooiest, freshest, & yummiest chocolate chip walnut cookie you will EVER have; It is delicious.
Had the double chocolate peanut butter chip and a chocolate chip with walnuts. OMG - whatever you do, don't leave without a visit here, well worth the trip. Should have brought some home. The owner was outside chatting with an elderly neighborhood resident, with her apron on and flour covered. Will definitely return here!!!
It is a perfect place to have a snack. Thank you for all the tips given in previous reviews. On a snowing day after spending 5 hours in American Museum of Nature History during my last visit of NYC, I stopped by and got their Walnut chochlate and Oatmeal rasin. They are so good warm and fresh. I can not imagine what else I want while having these cookies. Highly recommended. I am going to get cookies there everytime I am in town. I could not wait for next time already!!!
Overrated, and they don't sell milk even though it's obvious they should. I waited in line with high anticipation but there's no zing in the taste. You know when you taste something good, you'd go HMMMM. And there was none.
Calorie counters BEWARE. This is not the place for you. Do us all a favor and don't ruin the fun by even contemplating the sugar or fat content in these glorious cookies. Just not worth it. Just eat one and be happy. Double chocolate peanut butter heaven! They are worth the hype, I just wish I got to try the original and oatmeal. There is always a next time and believe me there will be many many next times.
While there cookies are amazing the baguette with butter and jam is one of the most amazing and simple breakfasts I've ever had!
Time Arrived: 5:30 pm Wednesday Time Wait: No wait Party: 2 People Atmosphere: Small little bakery Food/Drink: It's easy to find good cookies around town, but it's not easy to find AMAZING cookies. THIS place has amazing. The Oatmeal Raisin cookie was wonderful. The perfect blend of crunchy crumbly mixed in with warm insides. Not to mention the cookies are huge! About 3/4 size of a hand and an inch thick. Jeez. Service: Quick Overall: Will highly recommend it to anyone looking for the BEST cookies in NYC.
all i can say is about this place is that they have the BEST COOKIES EVER!! Cookies are a bit pricey for what they are, but I would splurge for one here especially since I dont eat cookies on a regular basis.  They have a long shelf life, which is a good thing because the cookies are too huge to eat in one sitting (not that you cant).  They're best when fresh, but still equally as good days later (even a week later haha)
In my quest to try everything in one sitting, I managed to put down three of the four flavors of cookies they had available. All three are easy winners of the best cookie in the world award, so it all comes down to preference. Being that I am too indecisive to determine which was my favorite, I say they all are the best. I alternated bites between the chocolate chocolate chip (sooo chocolately), the chocolate chip walnut, and the oatmeal raisin, which I described as a moist crunchy cookie filled with bread pudding. All with a tall glass of milk, this is dessert heaven. Waiting in line becomes an instant afterthought as you bite through the crispy outer edges to reveal the gooey warm interior of these 6 ounce pieces of baking perfection.
I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was delicious. They cost $4 each but they're so big that I can only eat half of a cookie at a time. The place is tiny but they do have about 4 stools inside if you wish to eat there. They also have a small bench outside of the bakery. Overall I'm really impressed with these cookies and I'll definitely be going back for more.
Best cookies ever - the chocolate chip/walnut and the dark chocolate/peanut butter.  Get it when it's hot out of the oven - chewy and soft on the inside with chocolate oozing in every bite.  Will be your calorie intake for the rest of the week, but worth every bite.
I would give this place 20 stars if Yelp allowed. The cookies are out-of-this-world delicious. I have introduced many friends to Levain and each has been utterly floored by the deliciousness of these baked wonders. The cookies are irresistable - perfectly baked and doughy mounds with chips still soft and melted. I can't pick a favorite flavor as each is awesome in its own right. Just go. If you have not yet experienced these cookies, just go and eat and my advice is to buy all four and sample with friends. :)
I really enjoyed the chocolate chip walnut cookie from here.  I've tried it twice, and it has been great both times.  The cookie is so large that it stays doughy in the center and nicely crisp on the edges.  The chocolate chocolate chip wasn't quite as good - a little dry.  Overall, a solid cookie bakery.  Also excited to try the other baked goods and pizza/flatbreads that they have next time.  FYI - It's not a good place to sit and eat because it is very small.
The peanut butter chocolate cookie is awesome!
Perfection is sometimes muddled with subjective opinions, but Levain's cookies are perfect, and that's AN ABSOLUTE FACT. I don't like chocolate, which eliminates most of the cookie menu for me, but all I need is an Oatmeal Raisin Cookie and I'M IN HEAVEN. They are so large, so wonderfully delicious, so juicy, and quite frankly, so absolutely perfect. If I could marry a Levain's cookie, I would first check to see if my girlfriend was okay with it, and then definitely do it. SERIOUSLY. PERFECT.
Holy mother of cookies. BEST cookie I've ever had. I ordered the chocolate chip and walnut cookie and it was exactly what I hoped it would be. It's crunchy and crisp on the outside, and gooey and warm on the inside. Although the chocolate chips made it sweeter, the walnuts tamed it down to make a perfectly balanced cookie. I also ordered the banana chocolate chip bread, which was great as well. By the looks of it, it looks like it has too many chocolate chips, but the banana taste is strong and so the balance works well there as well. CANNOT wait to go back!!! Ahhh!
I really want to love these cookies. I've been hearing the hype for years. I just felt that they were too sweet and the inside almost felt under cooked. But it is all about preference. I like my cookies chewy and on the thin side.
It will leave you wanting more! A friend and I were in the neighborhood and when my brother found out he told us to try the cookies at Levain. We stopped in and were so glad we did. My friend got the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie and I had the cinnamon and butter brioche. The cookie was huge and the brioche was at least a foot long. Once you take a bite you swear you are in heaven.  The cookie was warm out of the oven and couldn't be a more perfect consistency or blend of peanut buttery chocolate goodness. The brioche was fresher then fresh and once you take a bite you can't stop until the whole thing is gone. We couldn't stop talking about the experience for the fifty blocks we walked to Penn Station. I can see my friend and I taking many trips to this bakery in the future. We were both ready to go back for more within seconds of finishing our treats.
The cookies are ridiculously delicious but at 4 dollars a pop? I dunno.... I also dont like how they are not warm when you buy them... and slightly undercooked in the middle so instead of staying warm or chewy, its just raw cold cookie dough thats not even cooked thru. The slide of bread for 3 dollars is disappointing. I was expecting a bigger slice but it was a thin tiny slice. I still think the cookies are delicious but at 4 dollar they should be bust a load delicious.
YUM YUM YUM!  If you are in NYC you owe it to yourself to seek this place out!  These massive cookies are soooooo good.   The place is TINY, it is about the size of my mother's kitchen and it is constantly working like a well oiled machine.  I have only had their cookies (they have a few other items)  My favorite it the chocolate peanut butter.  The cookies are $4 each and worth every penny!  They are large, moist, chewy and weigh a ton.  You only need one of these!
BEST COOKIE I have EVER, EVER had!!! Amazing!! This place is heavenly. A must stop when you are in the city. Small little place on the corner and often there is a line but it goes quick. They have 4 different flavors but my favorite is the oatmeal raisin by far. Second choice would be the chocolate chip with walnuts. Honestly will have dreams about this cookie, it was that good. Crispy on the outside and warm and gooey on the inside. The PERFECT cookie. I have added this place to my must list when I am in New York.
I saw this bakery on Bobby Flay's Recipe Showdown.. and man, did it live up to the hype! I highly recommend the double chocolate chip cookie.. it was crispy, chewy, gooey, melt in your mouth yummy goodness. We also got the chocolate peanut butter, however.. the peanut butter chips didn't melt in my mouth the same way the double chocolate chip did.  Chocolate Chip brioche not so good.. maybe if it were fresh out of the oven.. we went at like 4pm in the afternoon. Delicious cookie, though!
Hands down the best cookies I have ever had !!!!!! Although I was a little disappointed in the peanut butter one, the walnut chocolate chip was mind-blowing. Please please please go give it a try !!!!!
The best cookies I've ever had! When you put more than three of these cookies in a bag, it's actually hard to lift! Unbelievable. They are I good and totally worth the $4.
This is an amazing bakery, simply put. I love their cookies so much. Their location is also good. It's my favorite bakery in the city
This place is over-hyped for sure. I don't really understand it. The cookies I tried (walnut chocolate chip and oatmeal) were pretty flavorless. I don't think they put any salt in the cookies and they are overloaded with butter. Very one-note and that one note is bland. I was disappointed.
Love love love the cookies! The service is good, and the queue does not take too long.
This cookies are seriously addictive and amazingly moist! I love the oatmeal raisin cookies. Be prepared to wait in a line even in the winter.
Go immediately. Do it now for the disgruntled fatass within you. Make sure you have no other meals planned within several hours of your visit and savor this most wonderful mammoth sized cookie. These things are so large they have precipices, and require railings so people don't fall off of them. Yes they are delicious and it doesn't really matter which flavor you settle upon. Ah, the waiting until next time I am in NYC...
I actually walked past the Levain Bakery by about a half block before realizing it.  It's in the lower level of the building, underneath a store with a very eye-catchy window display. A lot of people have talked about the greatness of their cookies, so I got myself a chocolate chip walnut one. It was ginormous.  And heavy.  It was also still a little bit warm, which is the perfect way to eat a chocolate chip cookie. Since I was on my way to Beard Papa's (yes, I was on a mini-dessert tasting tour that night) I slipped my hand into the bag and broke off a small piece. It was good, but not eyes-rolling-to-the-back-of-your-head good.  I'm not a fan of nuts in my cookies, but the walnuts didn't have their usual bitter/dry taste, for which I was glad.  It actually added an interesting texture to the cookie.  However, because it was so ginormous, the middle of the cookie was more like cookie dough and less like cookie. I didn't finish the cookie until the next day, but it still had the gooey center when I got to it.  It wasn't the texture of a chewy cookie, more like a soft fudge, which made me realize it wasn't cooked through all the way. The service was good.  It's a small place and by the time I got there they had so few pieces of bread left that I could count them on my fingers.  But they did have a couple trays of cookies left.  Guess they know their strength.  The guy behind the counter was very patient with me as I took it all in and decided on what to order. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here, but I would go back.
um.  Did I just die and go to cookie heaven? The chocolate walnut cookie is a ginormous amazing dream.  In your mouth.  A gooey, crunchy, deliciously exquisite dream. Eat it.  There are no words to describe how happy my mouth and tummy are right now.
The BEST chocolate chip cookies on the planet
As simple as this: Walnut Chocolate Chip!!! I tried them once and never looked back. These are the best cookies in NYC. I can eat one for breakfast and have a wonderful day. I tried bringing one home to my mom but ate it on my way to DC. Now that I don't live in NY anymore I can't wait to start my morning at Levain Bakery!!!
I've never tried crack cocaine or heroin, but I also don't have any desire to, because I can't imagine any high greater than that which results from a bite of a cookie from Levain. Be warned though, while not as dangerous as the aforementioned drugs, they are nearly as addictive.
Got a Blueberry muffin yesterday and it was great. Not greasy like so many are and more cakey. It was a bit on the small size for $3.00 but the taste made up for size. it's a tiny storefront and watch your step heading downstairs. Try this place for sure.
Chocolate Peanut butter cookie. OMG amazIng,
DEEZ COOKIES THO. I wish I could say that these cookies were overhyped, overpriced, and not worth waiting in that line again. But quite unfortunately, this is not the case. These are easily the best cookies I have ever had in my entire life. The belle of the ball is handsdown the chocolate chip walnut cookie. Massive, chocked full of fresh walnut pieces and large chocolate chunks, it was the size of a large dinner biscuit. I bit into it and I don't remember anything that happened after that. I regained consciousness five minutes later on a corner, hungrily licking my fingers for more. Honorable mention goes out to the oatmeal raisin cookie. Another fantastic concoction that stuns the tastebuds with just how delicious oatmeal baked goods can be when executed well. I've heard great things about their non-cookie options as well, and when I can finally manage to NOT order cookies there, I'll be sure to try some out.
I have only been here twice but 3 years apart and in those three years, I never forgot the taste of the cookie. I was here recently to show my boyfriend how fantastic a cookie can be and he was bowled over by the chocolate intensity. A giant cookie that so warm it's practically falling apart in your hands. This is the most expensive cookie I will ever pay for and I will gladly do so again and again.
Levain cookies are absolute bomb. You honestly have not had a cookie until you've come here. Yes we know that since this cookie tastes good and that it's probably a fat calorie bomb. Who cares....you are already here so you must have either worked out a crapton before or you just don't care. Either works. Walk in to Levain and you can immediately smell the air of awesomeness and your taste buds will start springing alive knowing that you are about to embark on one of the best indulgences NYC has to offer. All the cookies are good. I personally like oatmeal raisin the least so I shy away from that one. My favorite out of the cookies in order are Chocolate chip peanut butter,  chocolate chip walnut, chocolate chocolate chip, followed up by oatmeal raisin. I need to try the scones and other stuff..Those also look good...but the cookies just somehow win me over every dang time.
The absolute BEST cookies you will ever have. Ever. Even writing this review and seeing the pictures of the cookies make me want to go there and consume these cookies asap. When I picture my dream cookie, this is it. What to say that hasn't already been said in a 1000 reviews? Well, let me just explain a little bit about the actual layout of the place. It's a short walk from the 72nd st station which makes it really convenient. The bakery itself, however, is really set up to be kind of "grab and go" type of place. First off, it's set on the "garden" level, so you have to walk down a flight of stairs to enter. This is inconvenient for some people and becomes a bigger problem when the bakery is crowded inside. Sometimes, when there are so many people waiting in line, the line is backed up so you might be waiting on the stairs. This is awkward and uncomfortable. Additionally, given the small amount of space inside, it's difficult to know exactly where you are in line. And the people working there are usually pretty fast, but sometimes it's upsetting when there's someone in front of you slowly picking out 25 cookies (and they only have four cookie choices!) and you're waiting to just quickly buy one cookie. Other problem with the size of this location: not much space to actually eat the cookie. Part of the joy of Levain's cookies are that they are always warm when you get them, no questions asked. So personally, it ruins the magic if I don't eat them right away. But inside this location, there's only about five stools and the counter space matching them. So this isn't really a place where you might be able to meet up with friends and hang out. Outside they have a single wooden bench, but that's all but useless in the winter. Also inside they have a live video feed of their different locations (including broadcasting video of the UWS store). It's kind of uncomfortable and not preferable. Final word of advice: get the cookies but also try their other baked goods! The sweet breads are delicious (though I've never tried their plain white/wheat breads). I wish Levain was open past seven so I could go there right now...!
I'm pretty positive I now have diabetes. And I may have ended up in a sugary-stomach-ached-stupor, but it was worth it. The chocolate walnut and chocolate peanut butter were fantastic. And you really can smell them a block away. NOT FAIR.
Why do people say happy as a clam? I think it should be happy as a cookie. Especially Levain Bakery cookies. I'm not sure quite how they do it, but they're slightly crisp on the outside, and gooey, dense, and chewy on the inside. Each cookie is like a quarter pound. Mmmm... oh happy cookie day.
The choc chip walnut cookie is yummy! It is huge and comes warm, mmm so good.  I don't usually drink black coffee, but it's quite sweet so I actually downed half of my bf's coffee and he looked a little sad.  Why not 5 stars?  I felt like parts of my cookie were too gooey and undercooked, probably because it's so thick. Also, it's so big I didn't get the satisfaction of finishing it.  Lastly, it's comparable to Specialty's cookies in the Bay Area, so it wasn't exactly a mind blowing experience. But I would go again next time I'm in town!
Levain makes the world's most perfect cookies-- slightly gooey and over-the-top decadent. Yes, it's a $4 cookie the size of your face, but it's worth every penny and an extra trip to the gym.The chocolate chip cookie is just sweet enough, and the oatmeal raisin is buttery but crunchy. And remember to bring your own milk.
Small place, and very small selection, but definitely worth the trip. Their cookies are gigantic, easy for 3 people to share just 1 cookie! Be prepared to wait, as there is always a line out the door. Very nice inside, formal yet cozy.   It's on W 74th and small enough to miss, but just look for the line out the door and you know you're in the right place. The chocolate chip walnut is my favorite, but I recommend getting an assorted box of cookies to go. A box of 8 cookies will last you a couple weeks!
cookies. yum.
I bought and devoured a chocolate chip walnut cookie.  Probably should have only eaten half of it because I felt a sugar overload afterward.  Definitely one of the best cookies I've ever had though.
3.5 - I liked the cookies.  They are a little bit out of the way though (unless you live on the UWS) but one $4 cookie is practically 3 cookies.  Plus, I had 1 chocolate chip walnut cookie for "breakfast" and it powered me through a long run during marathon training.  THAT says something haha. An enjoyable treat, though, in my opinion, certainly not the best cookies in the world.
Over 2k reviews with 4.5 stars for some cookies?! This place really is THAT GOOD. I got 1 chocolate chip walnut and 1 oatmeal raisin to share. The chocolate chip walnut...I don't think I've ever had a better cookie in my LIFE! The chocolate was all melted and gooey and the cookie itself was soft and crumbly...orgasmic cookie if such a thing were possible! The oatmeal raisin wasn't AS good after having the chocolate chip one but I'm sure it would've been equally bombtastic if I wasn't so wowed by the chocolate one first. I'm still dreaming about this cookie..sigh... Can you please open one in CA?
Did you know they also sell pizza here?!? Neither did I, until I grabbed the last slice of Caramelized onion and Parmesan Reggiano Crispy Pizza that they had available on a crowded Saturday afternoon. After trying it, I would say you are better off not knowing about the pizza and sticking with the cookies or other more traditional bakery goods they have. This cracker thin slice was a steep $7.75, and it was not all that flavorful like everything else they have here. But I forgive them, because I also tried the Oatmeal Raisin along with the pizza on this visit, and that huge ball of doughy, buttery goodness made me forget about the disappointing pizza and remember how much I love everything about Levain. This is by far my least favorite of the 4 cookies they offer, yet it is still amazing and way better than most cookies at other bakeries.
Holy crap. My friend Adam, The Amateur Gourmet (amateurgourmet.com), told me that this place has the best chocolate chip cookie he's ever had. I couldn't imagine what that meant, but I was game to try. Truly the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had. Huge, warm, amazing. I took my friend there a few months later and he got the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie which I didn't enjoy as much as the chocolate chip walnut BUT that's not saying anything. It was still one of the best things I've ever eaten. Warning: Its only open on weekdays from 10-5 so plan accordingly!!!
"Cookie" is not the appropriate term for these monstrosities. Call it what you will:  The perfect pick-me-up. A sugar rush in the palm of your hand. A PMS'ing girl's dream. Levain's cookies can do no wrong. You'll smell the treats baking from down the block. Levain sells only four types of cookies:  chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, dark chocolate chocolate chip, and dark chocolate peanut butter chip. I had the peanut butter one, and it was like I escaped to some sort of heaven for the eight minutes I was enjoying it. Levain's cookies are how every cookie should be:  served fresh, warm, soft, and gooey. Oh, and I'd say each cookie weighs at least half a pound and measures about an inch tall, so you're definitely getting your money's worth at $4 a cookie. Get one with chocolate or peanut butter chips and they'll be melting, just like how you saw in those Toll House cookie commercials growing up. They sell breads and even pizzas (?!), but everyone here comes for the cookies, and for good reason.
Cookie Monster says that cookies now are only a "sometimes" food.  Sad. If it's any consolation, Levain Bakery makes those rare indulgences a luxurious experience.  The perfection that this tiny basement shop delivers had me singing "C is for cookie, that's good enough for me!"
These cookies definitely live up to all the hype. They are truly larger than life and so rich that I couldn't have one more than a few times a year. Limiting myself also makes each visit more special!
Everything you've heard about these cookies is true, although I agree that it's hard to call the dense mound of awesomeness that you'll enjoy here a "cookie" because it's so superior to what you've come to think of as a cookie. On a separate occasion, I was loitering outside the closed Levain Bakery waiting for a friend when an elderly gentleman emerged from the adjacent apartment with his dog.  When he returned fifteen minutes later, I was still waiting, and he approached me with a concerned look and said, "You *do* know that the bakery is closed for the evening, don't you?  I hope you're not planning on waiting till morning for them to open again?"  I assured him that I wasn't, but it wouldn't surprise me if in his day he's seen a few Levain-lovers camping out, waiting for sunrise and fresh cookies.
This place offers the best brownie like cookies I've ever tasted. I can't eat more than one as they are huge and rich! PB/Chocolate and Oatmeal raisin are my favorites. Great food gift for friends that are into that. :)
Amazing cookies. Wish they had plain chocolate chip though.  Still gets 5 stars,
Chocolate chip cookie heaven!! make sure you try it when it's fresh out of the oven and still warm and gooey inside! I want one now!
IN SHORT: An institution of bread and cookies that must be visited as a part of any New York food tour. Fortunately, gift boxes of cookies are also available online, ensuring that one never has to go too long without a doughy indulgence. THE STORY: While everything that needs to be said about Levain Bakery has certainly already been said, that doesn't make a trip to Levain any less magical or exciting. While the four cookies (Oatmeal Raisin, Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, and Chocolate Chip Walnut) get most of the attention, the other breads and loaves available are also crafted at the same exceptional quality. The Baguette with Butter and Jam is a favorite simple and sweet treat, perfect for a Parisian bite for breakfast or brunch. That being said, one really can't say no to a gargantuan mound of cookie when it's staring you in the face, and the soft, doughy, chocolate-laden cookies promise the peak of cookie perfection. These massive bites are in a category by themselves, and cannot truly be compared to traditionally flatter cookies, which any cookie aficionado can appreciate as perfect in their own right, too. And even for someone who doesn't love walnuts, Levain's seem to find home with the chocolate chip, adding the ideal texture in the massive chocolate core. Indeed, there is nothing wrong with a Levain cookie, and a single bite into the warm, gooey center will certainly convert anyone into a cookie fanatic.
Best. Cookie. Ever. It's like a little muffin of delicious choco goodness. I stopped with a friend & saw a short line outside the shop. Despite the fact that it was sprinkling, we waited & it was totally worth it. It's super gooey & moist on the inside which is a plus for me. I love under-baked cookies.
Yummy in my tummy!!! I am a cookie monster at heart, and this place by far is the best place to get chocolate chip cookies! They are huge! When you get them, they are freshly made! I wasn't expecting warmth when I first got my hands on them, but they were! It was nice and fluffy and gooey in the center. Perfection! If I lived in New York, this would definitely have been an insatiable addiction.
This is the kind of cookie that you would imagine a college girl, whose boyfriend just broke up with her, would make.  They are SO good.  Crunchy on the outside.  Moist and gooey on the inside.  So good-- you could taste her tears.   (ps. perfect for recent heart breaks)
Mountainous and delectable. Only gave four stars because I was hoping for a classic nut-free chocolate chip cookie. Regardless of that, all the cookies were supreme!
This place is worth the hype!! The cookies are DELICIOUS! They're big, thick, gooey and chock full of chips, chips and CHIPS!! I had the peanut butter chocolate cookie and the regular chocolate chip. The cookies are super fresh and the chips are melt-y goodness in every bite. The cookies are so sweet and big I couldn't finish one by myself. The bakery is very small and there's a bench and stoop outside to enjoy your cookies. I can't wait to go back again and gorge in these concoctions!
Perfect crunchy exterior, warm gooey interior... what more can you ask for? Oh and wait the cookie is the size of a fist. Just go get one, now.
YES PLEASE!!...absolurely hands down the best chocolate chip / walnut cookies I've ever had. Don't ask me how and I probably don't want to know, but they stay gooey in the middle mmmmmm!!
You might die after eating this entire cookie...but at least you will have eaten this entire cookie.
Best cookies ever.  My family makes me bring these little bundles of heaven every time I go home upstate.  Was the only chocolate that my grandma ate during her chocolate fast for Lent.  That says a lot.  :)
Just a small little bakery making great little things.  Worth a trip if you are on the upper westside.  Really friendly staff.
The cookies are chewy and melts in your mouth, but I kind of just think thats because they are not baked completely. Each good like 4$, not really worth it in my opinion. This would be a great place to try out once but I dont see any reason to come back.
Honest to god, one of the most delicious cookies I have ever eaten. And trust me, the long lines... worth the wait. Don't be thrown off by the lack of seating and prices because you don't want to miss out. Located in a quiet part of the Upper West Side, within a few feet of the bakery, you are hit with the smell of freshly baked cookies. I highly recommend the walnut chocolate chip cookie!
Seems to always have a wait at this place. Don't really know what all the hype is about. I think the cookies are just okay. They were definitely fresh, soft, gooey, and tasty but it didn't give me a WOW factor, especially when each is $4. Chocolate chip walnut - too gooey and soft Oatmeal Raisin - my favorite Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter - good
This is God's gift to UWS...this and the Natural History Museum. SOOOO GOOOD and VISUALLY DELICIOUS! I can't even finish one by myself, it's so gooey and hugeeee!! If I had kid I'll bring them here everyday!
OK, come on guys... best cookie you've ever eaten?  These monstrosities are a bit much for me.  Perhaps I'm too much of a cookie purist but how do you even start with these things?  It probably is the caloric equivalent of an entire cake (and I think I'd rather have the cake).  Don't get me wrong - they ARE good.  As they say, crispy on the outside, incredibly rich and chewy on the inside.  After carrying a paper bag full of them across town, there was a distinct oil soaked ring around it - always a good sign for a cookie, I suppose.  But I don't think it needed to be the size of my head to satisfy me. Oh, and did anyone else think they're about the same as a Specialties cookie you can get on every block in SF?
AH Levain Bakery, I love you. More honestly, I LOVE your chocolate chip walnut cookies! I've heard much, much, much goodness about Levain Bakery and their famous cookies and my visit to New York would have been utterly incomplete without it. I mean how good can a cookie be? I make cookies all the time, and though I do love my cookies, they will never come even close to how good these cookies are. First, they are ginormous - almost the size of a large scone and they weigh about half a pound! They come to you warm, and when you break it apart, it's still gooey and melty inside - unbelievable. Basically these cookies are the best I've ever had, and no, I am not exaggerating!
Cookie heaven. My husband is super critical and his first word after taking a bite of a fresh out of the oven chocolate chip walnut was "Wow". I have never tasted a better cookie than Levain. It was the best ever!!! We got 2 of each flavor and loved  them all- but especially chocolate chip walnut and chocolate peanut butter. Our only regret is that we didn't buy more when we were there. We warmed the cookies up when we got home and they tasted amazing!!!
I was surprised I didn't like this place more after reading all the stellar reviews.  I felt that the walnut chocolate chip cookie needed to be made with dark chocolate not milk.  The milk chocolate blended into the flavor of the dough rather than being a distinct taste.  I liked the peanut butter chocolate cookie better but I felt that both were too doughy.  I also felt the way they made the cookie was just sloppy.  The challenge with cookies is to make them a little crispy on the edges and doughy in the middle, but they avoid that by just plopping a huge pile of dough rather than trying to get the proportions right.
if there is a heaven, they will be serving Levain's cookies there!!  By far the best cookies I've ever had. Don't be intimidated by the line outside, it moves very quickly and the cookies are totally worth the wait. Also tried their homemade bread (which was still warm when I bought a loaf) and it was AMAZING.
Fantastic iced coffee and walnut sticky bun!  Not too sweet and plenty of whole walnuts.   Amazing!  But you should get there early on the weekends if you have a favorite item since they sell out of some things early.
best cookies in the world!! just wish it didnt cost so much to ship them over here to hawaii! lol
I looked at the near perfect ratings and the thousands of reviews already here, and I thought why bother. Why reiterate the obvious? But for my own selfish reasons, I need to make this confession, to shout from the mountaintops of Yelpfield my unrelenting  love for the chocolate chip walnut cookies. CCWC, you get me.
Best bakery on earth... I've been coming to this bakery for 5yrs now and it has never disappointed me... Even on a bad day their cookies put a big smile on my face.... Can't lie every time I go there is always a line but the line is always worth it.... They have other pastries but I haven't tried it but everyone I know that has says its amazing... If your around this area stop by so worth the wait.
The cookies are to die for! First of all they are massive! I ate half of one cookie and even that was way too much for me, but they are so delicious. They are crispy on the outside and super gooey on the inside. They are even better when they are hot. I definitely recommend trying out their cookies. My favorite was the oatmeal raisin.
If hugs could take on edible forms, they'd be cookies from Levain. I told several friends visiting from out-of-town that I was taking to them to have the "best cookies in NYC". After they received their comforting, gastronomic hugs (first bites!), they wholeheartedly agreed. Sure, it's on the Upper West Side. Yes, it might sound pricey to pay $4 for just one cookie. But are you going to regret it? No freaking way.
If I were asked to leave Santa milk and cookies, it would not be these! The jolly, fat guy needs to lay off the cookies anyway! One of the doctors I work with brought these in and one bite of the chocolate one, I was reeled in. Brought home an oatmeal raisin for my sister and I to share (because I'm such a nicer older sibling)... and next thing I know I get a crumb!!! My sister ate nearly the entire thing!!! I'm never sharing with ANYONE. EVER.AGAIN! *hoards her cookies* What makes these cookies fantastic are the crunchy outside and the super moist/soft inside. Milk is definitely complimentary with the chocolate one while coffee goes with the other cookies. Definitely a go-to if you are able!
My friend bought one of each of these huge dense cookies (double chocolate, oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip and peanut butter chocolate chip). They were split between 5 people and everyone was pretty satisfied with their amount of cookie consumption....I don't think I could eat a whole one myself and live to tell the tale. Seriously, there is probably half a stick of butter in each cookie. That being said, this bakery makes THE BEST cookies I've ever had. The double chocolate was my personal favorite.
I have heard so many things about this place, all being wonderful and to die for......believe the hype! I am addicted, it's worth the trip and every other dessert, not just cookies, but dessert pales in comparison to this place! It's my drug and I have no intentions of getting  cured of my cookie addiction! YUM!
no trip to new york is worth it without a trip to levain. ever since that first time i trekked out there, when i visit nyc everyone knows i have to go back to levain. dark chocolate walnut and the chocolate peanut butter = HEAVEN on earth.
omg.... best cookies.... i took a baked good tour of NYC and got some cookies from Levain bakery and headed over to central park to relax in the sun with our coffee and cookies... wow, best moment during the whole trip.
OMFG!! The double chocholate cookies here are to die for. Soo warm and delicous when they first out of the oven.. I love these cookies, end of story.
Love this place.  The cookies are gigantic and probably go straight to your thighs in a hurry, but man I love their chocolate chip walnut and chocolate peanut butter chip cookies.  Their sourdough rolls with valhrona chocolate are also ridiculously good when they are warm.
There was no line!!!! (On a Wednesday around 4 PM woooohooo) Naturally I had to go with the chocolate chip cookie with walnuts. Not a nut hater or nut allergy-holder but I don't get why they don't make plain chocolate chip cookies here! Anyways it was $4, HUGE and amazing. From the outside it almost looked like a scone but once you broke it open and took a bite you could tell it was soft and gooey on the inside. Basically the perfect cookie consistency of chewy + solid on the outside + slightly undercooked on the inside. Washed it down with their iced coffee which was decently strong, would come back for more COOOOKIESSSS!
Hands down the highlight of our visit to NYC (read into that as you will).  Tried the Chocolate Chip/Walnut and Chocolate Peanut Butter cookies were were absolutely blown away - both cookies were crispy on the outside and gooey with buttery goodness on the inside.  Be forewarned that these are some serious cookies - two $4 cookies weighed more than three slices of pizza that I picked up down the street - so plan your eating accordingly if you want to try one of these!
Simply Amazing. I didn't know cookies could be rated so highly but these ones are just out of this world! I arrived right before closing on a Sunday evening to cap off my short New York trip. The bakery was quaint with some very friendly service all the way up to closing and then some. My recommendation: the chocolate chip and walnut cookie! I got a couple of them when they were still warm and fresh from the oven--absolute perfection :)
I'm going to hit every bakery in New York City, order the best thing they have and hopefully learn something along the way. First stop, Levain Bakery for their Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie. I've read about this place. One woman devoted her blog to decoding Levain's recipes. She updates it frequently. I followed her most recent recipe. Those were the best chocolate chip walnut cookies I've ever baked. And I bake a lot. Then, I went to Levain Bakery. Two old men, one in purple Chucks, sat on the bench outside the overlooked storefront with their dog. It seemed routine for them. I went in and asked for the best thing they have here. Her personal favorite is the Dark Chocolate Chip Cookie, but the Chocolate Chip Walnut is their best seller, so that's what I got. It was massive in size and price. I ate the whole thing, which to some people might seem gross but, if you know me it isn't surprising. It's the best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had. And I eat cookies more than I bake them. I like my chocolate chip cookies fresh out of the oven, without the mouth-burning factor. Melted chocolate chips. Almost-raw-in-the-center gooey cookie. And this just in, a slightly crisp exterior. I didn't think that last one was possible, but there it is. Like a well-kept secret that poor woman isn't even close to uncovering. I also have some work to do. This project is brought to you by an embarrassing meltdown. See more: sweetmeltdown.weebly.com
I'm just going to go ahead and say it - Levain Bakery's chocolate chip cookies are the best I've had. Ever. I mean, the ratio of gooey chocolate to dough is unreal.  Is there really any debate? "Chocolate chip cookie" is a loose term often used to describe anything from bland dough with a morsel wedged in...somewhere, to the work of art that is the Levain cookie.  Weighty, dense yet airy, and chock-full of walnuts, chocolate chips, peanut butter chips or raisins, a Levain cookie can be a meal, a late night binge, a hearty breakfast if you will.  I sampled the oatmeal raisin as well as the chocolate chip walnut, which I lovingly cross-sectioned for photo-taking purposes. These cookies are not to be taken lightly.  They are heavy and rich - you can almost taste the butter in each bite.  I ate a whole one by myself (keep in mind, I think they must weigh about a half pound each).  My stomach might have hated me, but I had no regrets.  Put another Levain cookie in front of me, and I'll devour it again in a heartbeat. You need to try these cookies!
Picked up a loaf of ciabatta yesterday for a dinner party. I expected ciabatta. I got a gigantic loaf of ciabatta that was on steroids and came from outer space!!!! HUGE! $5 was worth it. Thick crust. Fluffy inside. Man oh man! Check out the picture. I think it was actually a ciabatta astroid that landed in New York City.
OMG  These cookies are to die for!!!  I have such a weakness for fresh baked cookies.  These are by far the freshest and cookiest cookies I've ever eaten!  That's right!  I said COOKIEST!  First of all, they come out nice and warm.  Second, they're frickin ginormous!  Third, they are sweet and delicious and oh so perfect!!!  You haven't had a real cookie, until you've had Levain's!  A MUST HAVE!!!!
best cookies ever, worth $4 each.  they are more like scone shaped cookies.
I haven't actually been, but I just received a gift bag with four cookies from this place and they were the best cookies I've ever had. I think I'm going to start making weekly trips. They're big and puffy and almost look like scones, but they taste divine. I can only dream how brilliant they must be hot from the oven. The chocolate peanut butter cookie is so decadent. It's a must have regardless of your New Year's resolution.
For the astronomers out there: dark matter exists, its very dense, and it can be found at 74th and Broadway. You may put your instruments away. The chocolate cookies (don't bother with the rest: you want the chocolate peanut butter or the chocolate chocolate) are dark, gooey, filled with chocolate, and weigh enough to do bicep curls with. In fact, don't think of them as cookies, think of them as a slice of chocolate cake, they have that much chocolate in them, I brought in a batch to work and fed 12-15 people with four cookies.
Saw this place on the food network and knew I had to try the chocolate chocolate chip.  It was $4 for a rather petite cookie.  It tasted ok, but was a bit too sweet.
Talk about the world's best chocolate chip cooke! BEST COOKIE EVER!!! In my 24 years of life, I've eaten many choc chip cookies and I've made a ton of choc chip cookies and NOTHING CAN COMPARE! These chocolate chip cookies are always kept warm and made fresh daily. Yes, it's $4 but it's a large cookie. If you can see from the pictures posted, it has a perfect golden brown color to it and it's very thick. You get a nice crunch as you bite in but the center is super soft. You get loads of chocolate chip and walnuts in every bite. Look at that gooey chocolate chip...Even a day later, the chocolate was soft and gooey....amazing. How do they do it? I love soft baked cookies and this cookie was just OUTSTANDING. The workers are very friendly and quick with service. The place itself is very small, so I can imagine there can be a line for these amazing cookies. When I came on a Tuesday afternoon, there were only a few people there with me, so yay to no wait. They take card and cash. If you've never been to NY, this is a must try place, and if you NEVER had one of their famous choc chip cookies, YOU MUST GET IT.
They definitely don't need my endorsement, but might as well join the party. This will be the best cookie you ever had in your life. My personal favorite is the double chocolate peanut butter one. They are worth the 4 dollars are then some. Don't fool yourself, you can only eat one - they are super rich and dense. The place is tiny with basically no seating, so don't be fooled by the line - it will move fast and almost always spills out onto the sidewalk. Go now.
This is the best chocolate chip walnut cookie in the whole country.  There is nothing else like it.  Trust me, you need to go out of your way to stop by here.   Be sure to ask for the warm ones.
Cookies the size of your fist. Yummy, melty, doughy, chocolatey cookies. I have to physically resist going in here whenever I'm walking down the street past this place. Sometimes I have to change streets to avoid walking past it and smelling the tempting scent of baking cookies. This is becoming a problem. All the other reviews on here claim that they could not finish a whole one and recommend spacing it out over the course of a day (or two). Of course I only discovered this after I had already eaten a whole one, by myself, in a far shorter amount of time than that, and still had room for dinner a couple hours later. I'm not sure what that says about me but it's probably not good.
The cookies are the size of my fists.  Literally.  We came after dinner and noticed the staff continuously telling the people that they were sold out of this and that.  So definitely need to come here early in the morning to get what you really want.  The cookies were good.  I enjoyed the double chocolate and the peanut butter.   What my husband and I did was take them home, microwave them for about 10-15 seconds.  Split them in half for each of us and paired it with vanilla ice cream on top.  It... was... GLORIOUS.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!!  I specifically came here after i saw an episode on Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay and he challenged the 2 owners who could make a better chocolate chip cookie.  Obviously I haven't tasted Bobby's cookie, but Levain's cookies are to die for!!!  It took me an hour to get here on the subway from Brooklyn to get here because the subway was running really slow.  As I watched each minute pass slowly on the train...I wondered, was this going to be worth it.  I walked a few blocks from the 42nd St. stop and immediately saw the bakery with a line of people waiting to buy cookies.  Ok here's the info you need to know: 1) they only serve 4 kinds of cookies (chocolate chip, oatmeal, dark chocolate, macadamia nut) and 1 specialty/seasonal cookie (can't remember what it was but i didn't like the flavor so i passed on it) 2) cookies are all $4 but are huge! OMG....my 1hr subway trip was soooo worth it.  The cookies were so fresh and chewy the chocolate melts on your fingers as soon as you pick it up.  This place is no joke and although I want to keep this my little secret, the food network already ruined it for me.  Actually, I should prob send them a thank you note since I would of never known about it!  I will be back!!!
My boyfriend moved to London recently, and he made sure a Levain Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie was his last meal in New York. I'm partial to the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter (even though I'm not wild about dark chocolate), and I can only ever eat half at a time. The cookies are gooey and delicious (especially if you're lucky enough to catch them right out of the oven), and the staff are polite and friendly. It was perfect when we lived nearby and could walk to Levain, but it's still worth the occasional schlep from Brooklyn!
Their chocolate chip walnut cookie, fresh and warm and huge, rich but not too sweet, with a soft light texture, was the most perfect cookie I've ever had.  No joke.
OK, yes, it's expensive for a cookie ($3.25) but it's so much more than a cookie! I've never finished a whole one in a sitting. I've never tried anything but their cookies, but the cookies are enough to keep me coming back (at least as often as my willpower gives out). Double chocolate and chocolate with peanut butter chips are both good, but none can match the chocolate walnut in overall taste and gooeyness!
So delicious!  These cookies are massive and almost like a meal.  They only have 4 cookies, which allows them to get it right.  I prefer the dark chocolate or the chocolate chip and walnut.  While it is expensive, I still keep going back.
DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU HAVE NO SELF-DISCIPLINE.  I bought 3 and nearly ate them all (3 cookies don't sound like much but these are not cookies--they are mini mountains) before I was swept with sleepiness and pain in my too-full tummy.  Hands down the best cookie I've ever had, and makes me want to say all other cookies taste like dirt. Ok, i still like Jacques Torres'-- his will suffice for my chocolate chip cravings, but I am seriously SAD that I live downtown and will have to trek to the upper west for these, though they are sooo worth it. Had the chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, and dark chocolate peanut butter.  Other reviewers said to catch 'em fresh out of the oven-- I agree not simply because they're more "ooh" that way, but just a few hours later, what I hadn't finished was pretty undelectably hard, and even after warming up, definitely didn't have even half the "ooh" factor that fresh ones had.  One star off for that + they're pricey at 4 bucks a pop. Oh, and PS... if you DON'T like cookie dough, stay away from these... all 3 of mine weren't completely cooked in the middle which was fine by me!  But I could see it bothering others.
So after seeing several Yelp friends give glowing reviews, I felt the need to test the hype with my own tastebuds and senses.   Summary: (+) These cookies are definitely what cookies should be.  I've only had cookies from one other place that would rival this. (+) Milk is a must and will take your cookie to another level you can get it there also. (+) I consider this a plus but others might not, but the variety is very limited in the store.  They do mainly 1 thing (i'll ignore the 2-3 other things in the glass) and they do it well, make cookies. (+) My cookies were placed in a box (I think you have to buy a certain amount). The box was very heavy.  You get alot of cookie in each one! (-) I bought 5 cookies (to share) and not all of them were equal.  One of them was undercooked and very doughy (might be a plus for some but not my cup of tea). I'll let it slide this once since that cookie still was crisp on the outside. These are when done right 5 star cookies, however I got a dud.  The hype is definitely justified.  I might stop by again to get another box or two to take back to the west coast.
The best chocolate chip I've ever had. It was freezing out - yet another snowy day, but the chocolate remained soft and gooey!! There was a long line out the door, but they worked so efficiently that it was our turn in no time. It was definitely worth the short wait - don't let the long line discourage you!!
Pretty much the mother of all cookies. Don't be intimidated by the line, it moves fairly quickly. The cookie has a crunchy exterior and oooey gooey center. Holy crap, writing this makes me want one right now. If someone is there now can they message me and bring me one? no, but seriously...
They have the best cookies hands down. The cookies are huge and heavy. Once you take a bite you know it's clogging your arteries like so no other but you can't stop from eating them. They are that good! My favorite would have to be the Chocolate Chip Walnut! Yum yum ^^
Levain's cookies turn heads. One time I was revelling in their heavenly goodness on a bench near the 72nd St. subway stop. Several people stopped and said "what is that," and "where did you get that?" I shared a bit of the morsel of all that is good in the world with a stranger. We sat on the bench speechless. Two strangers bonding over one of life's greatest delights: chocolate chip cookies. Wow, there's really nothing like those cookies. I'm giving 4 stars cuz they're super expensive...
I arrived to levain at the perfect time. there was no one in line. But as soon as I came in, five more groups of people followed. The chocolate, the walnut and the oatmeal rasin cookies were all worth the four dollars each. They were just made an they were warm which was nice in the cold winter. Each cookie is huge and so delicious. note.. do not put the cookies in the fridge. they will turn hard as rocks.
As a cookie connoisseur, hands down the best chocolate chip walnut cookies! I don't care they cost $4 either!
This place is as good as the hype. The cookies are tremendous. If you're near the 72nd street subway stop, hit it up.
The dark chocolate peanut butter cookie here is just unreal. I was introduced to this place at the branch they have in the Hamptons but when I discovered they had a spot on the UWS, I became somewhat of a regular. Everything they make is delicious (that I have tried) but I can't stop myself from ordering the DCPB cookie. They sort of 3/4 bake it and give it to you warm so you're sort of eating a fully done cookie and then sort of eating cookie dough. Hard to describe, but oh so easy to eat :)
Lawd! Thank goodness for the 4.00 price point or I'd be here twice a day everyday.
Only the BEST cookie in NYC--no kidding, no joking.  Empirically true.  Just ask anyone who has eaten one.  All my friends who visit from out of town buy them the morning they leave so they can eat them on the plane!
Amzaing !!! Brioche is the best I've ever had. Where's the Milk. The Cookie. Its not the best chocolate cookie I've  had but it's the best Milk Chocolate cookie I've had an 1. It's chocolate CHIP ! semi sweet I believe 2. Milk chocolate morsels (each seem to have there own zip code). 3. Its not a scone cookie (its just an in your face cookie). 4 Pricey but aren't all good things ?
The best cookies ever ! Had the chocolate chip walnut & the dark chocolate chocolate chip! Both were amazing and they come out nice and warm! You can definitely split one cookie ( $4.00 ) with another person and still be full. They also sort of look like muffins.
This bakery is hidden on 74th street with a tiny sign out front, so keep your eye out for it. It is downstairs and has a teeny tiny space to order your food and then get out. I had heard great things about this place, and it exceeded expectations. I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was the best cookie experience of my life. The outside is toasted and has a little crunch, the inside is gooey and has the flavor of raw cookie dough. And who doesn't like the flavor of cookie dough? The cookie was $4 but huge so I thought it was worth the price. The have cookies (walnut chocolate chip, double dark chocolate, oatmeal raison, and chocolate peanut butter chip), scones, other pastries and a few flat breads. I look forward to trying all of the cookie flavors!
Levain cookies put other cookies to shame. They're gooey. They're warm.  They're beyond indulgent.   There's no room to sit in Levain, but no matter.  Just go, order your massive doughy cookie, and be on your way. And don't bother with Levain if you're trying to have a low-cal day.  Go to Pinkberry if you're trying to diet.   A Levain cookie is for one of those days when you just need to consume chocolate in all its glory.
My favorite place in the city. It.does.NOT.get.better.than.this. Literally if anyone is visiting, in the city whether it's a few days or a few hours this is the one place I will truck them up to so they can experience the amazing deliciousness of the best cookie in the wooooooooorld!  I've shipped these cookies overnight to friends on the West Coast for birthdays and such, they're that good.   Now, to be fair. I'm a big ooey gooey cookie fanatic.  If you're looking for a thin crunchy cookie, wrong place.  Don't even try.  If you like gobs of dough that could make up 3-4 normal sized cookies all pounded together to make one giant Levain cookie so you can feel better when you say "I couldn't even finish one!" then this is your place.  Four flavors, all scrumptious.  Bonus points if they're still warm out of the oven. The customer service is always super kind and helpful.  All around, I've never had a bad experience with this place.   From product to people...gold stars all around.
Definitely lives up to the hype.  I'm always a little weary about calling anything "the best EVER"... but I'm really tempted to say that Levain has the "BEST COOKIES .... EVER".   You can smell the sweet goodness from the street and it draws you in.  There wasn't a huge line, so we were happyThe chocolate and the chocolate walnut cookies are heavenly.  We initially planned to eat them when we got home, but couldn't wait.  There wasn't anyone sitting at the window, so we inhaled them there.  If it's a nice day - I bet it'd be really nice to grab some cookies and have a dessert picnic in nearby Central Park.   about the texture of the cookies- well it's hard to explain, but they are a cross between a crispy cookie AND a gooey freshly baked cookie.  They are pretty big, kind of like a muffin top, but don't be fooled - it's PURE cookie heaven.   docked one star for the price.  It's an expensive cookie... =P
I have been trying to replicate these cookies since I have been back in the Bay.  Sounds crazy to pay $4 for a chocolate chip cookie with walnuts but these are amazing.
Awesome Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie.  YUM!
This simple no frills bakery hit home immediately with the gorgeous smells coming from the oven where humongous cookies are baked fresh daily. We had the Oatmeal Raisin. It was still warm, delightfully moist in the center, and not too sweet. Can't wait to try their other cookies next time.
Hands down. Best cookie ever. I have no idea how they are so damn tasty... Seriously addicting, no for real.. I would get upset if I was upper west side and couldn't get one. They are known for the cookies but everything there is tasty. If you haven't had a Levain cookie, you haven't lived.
chocolate chip walnut! woohoo!
My proudest culinary achievements was winning a cookie competition.  So  being the cookie master I mean monster that I am, I had to come here.  The cookie is like none you've ever had.  The first thing you'll notice when you buy one is the weight of the cookie, its heavy, packed with cookie angel dust if you ask me.  Then the taste! OMG.  Its heavenly.  The best cookie I've had!
My husband and I must always satisfy the sweet tooth cravings.  And you just can't go wrong with fresh-baked, fat, chunky cookies from Levain Bakery.  Simplicity is key for this tiny bakery as it only has a handful of options, but they sure have perfected the art of the cookie. We tend to go with the usual Chocolate Chip Walnut (why stray from perfection?) but have also tried all of the other cookie flavors and even managed to swoop a ever-so-popular chocolate brioche one morning.   Expect a wait, but don't be discouraged by the seemingly long line. The Levain team moves fast and quickly whips out cookies for all their adoring fans.
Not a cookie. Not a brownie. Not a muffin top. But a blend of all three makes heaven in your mouth! The dark chocolate is ammmmmmazing
I travelled hundred of miles from Texas in hopes of having my life changed by you, Levain. And you didn't let me down. Not one of my taste buds or nerves left NY without a new meaning, hope, and joy. My friends were skeptical when I dragged them across the city to find you, but excuse their rudeness. You won them over as soon as they sunk their teeth into your 2-inch thick body. Ok I'll stop before it gets any more raunchy. Couldn't decide which cookie to try, so of course, when faced with decisions like this, just get all of them. My faves were the dark chocolate peanut butter and oatmeal raisin. Their chocolate chip walnut is one of their most popular items. The outside is the perfect mix of crunchiness and inner softness, and the middle is pretty much like cookie dough but still tastes delicious. The line is usually out the door but it goes fast. Not much eating space inside, or tables to sit for that matter. Anyone with me to sign a petition for them to start shipping?
Ahhh...the magical chocolate chip cookies. After a walk in Central Park, we decided to come grab a cookie, literally blink & you will walk right past it. The smells that hit your nose as soon as you walk in are AMAZING. That's nothing compared to these warm, gooey, delicious pieces of magic. I'm salivating thinking about it. I grabbed 2 to take back to our hotel & the next day they were still gooey & soft. Mmm. Never had a cookie like it.
Levain Bakery's chocolate chip walnut cookie is the best cookie I have ever had! I won't beat a dead horse, but it's huge, served piping hot so the chocolate chips ooze so lusciously! While many dislike the nuts, I loved them, which is weird for me. Usually I too would exclaim that the nuts are a waste of space, but not in this cookie! Let's not be greedy people.... There is plenty of chocolaty goodness in every bite, so I find the nuts give the cookie a greater depth of flavor- it's a nice balance with the chocolate. I went with a group so we tried all the cookies except for oatmeal raisin. They were all delicious, but the chocolate chip walnut was definitely my favorite. It is also nice that each cookie is big enough for 2 people... unless you are participating in a triathlon. In that case, take that cookie and GO hunny! One weekend (the sooner, the better!), I really want to go get a walnut sticky bun! I saw them on TV the other day and they looked like ooey-gooey, sticky and sweet heaven! Can't wait!
The 1 star is because of my great disappointment. I was looking for a unique flavor. What i received was a regular chocolate chip cookie, that was ginormous in size. And depending on how fresh it is out of the oven , either so soft that it tastes like eating raw cookie dough (slightly warm) or eating what tastes like hard clump of chocolate chip dough baked at 300 degrees or whatever. It basically tasted no different from cookie dough from a supermarket is what i'm saying. The flavor is the same. It wasn't chewy at all. didn't even match starbucks cookies. So i thought this was definitely greatly disappointing especially given the amount of hype and great reviews. i bought one chocolate chip walnut and one dark chocolate peanut butter. both ordinary tasting. nothing unique or exotic about it.  no unique flavors sending my taste buds flying. for that, go to chikalicious , theirs is smaller, but it's quality, not quantity that counts. For people outside of manhattan, this one is skippable. The Chikalicious is worth the trek.  But traveling all the way to this place, is not worth it. Just go to the supermarket, get some cookie though, and try it out. they do have baguettes here too, didn't try them. But i doubt they're anything to write home about.
$4 dollars for a single chocolate cookie, or should i say chocolate cookie burger? This thing is massive, usually served warm and in its ultimate gooey-ness this makes everything in the world better.  The walnut is also a nice touch to the chocolate-y heaven this is.  Levain is located near the express stop (72nd) on 74th.  I thought it was definitely one of the best choco chip cookies ive had.  I took another friend from out of town and he definitely agreed.  Next up, i'll be taking my brother there when he comes into town.  Gotta love when guests from out of town fly in, gives you an excuse to indulge!!!
I'm feeling cold and very lazy in this December night. As I sit here infront of the tv with a hot cup of tea, I am left to contemplate on what would be good with the tea. Then it strikes me! Levain Bakery...urgh if only I wasn't lethargic, I'd go out and grab one. So instead I shall sit here, sip my tea, contemplate, and write a review for the bakery. I believe I found this by accident while heading to The Museum of Natural History. As soon as you stand outside the doors, you smell the sweet aroma that the bakery gives off. Space wise...there isn't really a space to sit inside because this IS a bakery and not a restaurant. If one is inclined to sit down, there's a wooden bench outside that fits 3 people at most. Like a bakery they make, you guessed it, baked items like bread and such...but I believe they're more famous for their cookie. I have nicknamed this to "my little 74th street cookie shop" because every time I crave a sweet-luscious-gooey-hearty-filled cookie, I always think of Levain. I've tried and have continuously came back for two types of cookie; Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookie (whew what a name!) and Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie. Maybe the turn-over rate is high or they have a warmer in side the display case (most likely the former), but every time I grab a cookie they're always warm and gooey. The cookie is baked just right to a chunky consistency, neither too hard and dry nor too wet and "mushy".  Price per cookie is not cheap but I believe it to be adequate for the size and "yumminess". A word of advice though, the cookies are on the sweeter side so a drink to quench and replenish the palate is a must (preferably milk). So grab a thick blanket, a glass of milk, a good friend to share the warmth, and a cookie...or two.
Sooooo good....thank goodness I don't live in NY....I would be in so much trouble!! Love the chocolate chip walnut cookie and the pumpkin spice loaf (cut almost 2 inches thick) was amazing!! Definitely a spot I will return to before I head home.
Definitely one of the best cookies I have ever had in my life.  The chocolate chip is to die for, and the oatmeal raisin is also a very solid choice.  The cookies are a little bit different than those I've ever had.  They aren't flat (they are almost in the shape of a scone; very high), but they still have the same soft, gooey consistency as a cookie.  The banana bread also tastes very fresh and perfectly baked.
I don't really get the hype here - the only thing that makes the cookies stand out is how massive they are! They're good cookies, but nothing really blew me away. I actually didn't like either the chocolate chip cookie or the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie that much, because of their in-your-face sweetness and denseness. If you have a strong sweet tooth though, you'll probably like it more! But yeah - you definitely need coffee or milk to wash it down. I didn't have either and I ended up just giving the cookie back to my friend. Probably won't come back but I'm glad I tried it!
Are you kidding me??? Why doesn't LA have something like this??? Sometimes, I wish I were back in LA, but NY has definitely brought me home with a new found love for walnut sticky buns! Ordered their Iced Coffee and their walnut sticky bun. YUMMMMMM.  The walnut sticky bun wasn't too sweet either! PERFECT.   I'm in love with this bakery.
I only had the oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip walnut and they are both amazing! Its nice and crunchy on the outside and super moist on the inside. I don't think I can eat any other cookies after trying this!
I don't even know where to begin.  Giant chocolate chip and walnut cookies, peanut butter chocolate cookies, dark chocolate chocolate cookies, sour cream coffee cake, oatmeal chocolate chip, AND great service.   Levain Bakery is one of the places I must go to every time I return to New York City.  I got my boyfriend and my whole family hooked on these cookies - from NY to LA to Hawaii, and every time I hear of someone visiting NY, I always recommend this wonderful little gem.
Cookies to die for. If you don't get one that's warm, drop it in the microwave for a few seconds, put a little vanilla ice cream on top ... They are serious about their cookies. My favorites are the chocolate chip and the chocolate peanut butter chip.
One of my favorite bakeries!!! Seen on "the best thing I ever ate". I had the chocolate chip cookie, it felt like heaven! I also had the chocolate brioche but they gave me  the plain one by mistake :( I gues it was because they were very busy. But yes, it is pretty expensive for what it is. $4.00 for a chocolate chip cookie! But t's soooooo crunchy outside, then warm and ooey and gooey on the inside! They should have a caution sign saying: beware this will be messy.  Literally. I 've had other items too, like the walnut chocolate chip. it was good but the chocolate chip cookie should be the only way to go :)
Incredible. Giant, gooey, completely awful for you, and absolutely perfect cookies. Thank goodness I don't live near this place--I'd weigh 200 lbs.
let me say this once AND only once: this is the divinity of all cookies. i'm so thankful i don't live around the bakery... if i did, i'd probably gain 10 lbs in 1 month :( definitely worth the trip to the UWS! deeeeeeeeeelish! :9 the cookies are still warm & have gooey centers when you get them. the chocolate chip walnut cookie have the perfect blend of chocolate & nuts. the cookies had also the perfect kind of chewy. & although they're a bit pricey, they are WORTH the $4 that you pay per cookie. they're the biggest cookies i've seen & they are scrumptious up to the last bite. but i definitely recommend a glass of milk with them.. it may also be best to split them too since they're so big... you can share w/ me! haha. scrumptious. delicious. dear levain bakery, you have PERFECTED the chocolate chip cookie!
Chocolate walnut - BEST cookie I've ever had!  Not too sweet nor greasy!  Crunchy outside (but not too hard) & soft inside (but not too soft).  It really is perfect!  Perfect!  Even better shared cuz it's so big!
Holy goodness! I cannot explain how delicious (and filling) their cookies are. I took one bite, and couldn't stop eating. Yes, I ate the whole cookie in one sitting, please don't judge. I had the dark chocolate peanut butter, and it ended my quest for the perfect cookie. It also filled me up for the rest of the day, and I had a hard time convincing myself to eat lunch or dinner. Sounds silly, try it yourself though.
Oh how I miss u..... Choc chip walnut cookie could stop a mugger it's so heavy n dense yet moist inside......he could have my purse. ......actually.....take the gun, leave the cookie
The smell when you enter is amazing on its own...then you eat the actual cookies. These cookies are so amazing! My boyfriend and I tried one today after we had lunch, and we decided to share a Double Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie. This was a good idea because these cookies are huge! Each cookie is like 2 or 3 regular size cookies smooshed into one big mountain of cookie goodness. The peanut butter chips are just warm enough that when you bite into the cookie, they get all gooey and melty. And they are very generous about their peanut butter chips! The cookies are on the pricey side at $4 per cookie, but they are WORTH IT. You can tell they are worth it because the line for cookies renews itself constantly. Every 5 minutes a new crowd of ten or so people are in front of the counter buying cookies to go, or sitting by the window with their goodies. But they are very efficient at Levain Bakery, so there isn't a long wait - and my boyfriend and I were able to find seats quickly. The one thing that surprised me was that they only had 4 flavors available when we went. We were there in the early afternoon, so maybe there are more flavors at other times of the day. But if you are aiming to try a specific flavor when you go, just know that it depends on what they have ready at the time.
The cookies are good. Worth the trip and the money. May I suggest a stroll through the park afterwards? While you nibble of the cookie... so you can enjoy it even more and not feel as guilty about it all?   You deserve this.
It's literally the best cookie I have ever had - and I'm not a big fan of cookies. The outside is so perfectly crunchy, while the inside is so perfectly moist and gooey. It's a lot to take in, but definitely worth all the calories.
After moving out of Hell's Kitchen and being out of convenient range of Amy's Bread, I've found a great local bakery in Levain. You walk down the steep steps and the entire operation is laid out before you. They're mixing dough, moving breads in and out of the oven, rolls and sweets are cooling on racks, everyone is covered in flour. A word of advice. Go early, because they do sell out of items! On a positive note, they were busy baking on the morning of the mega-blizzard earlier this month (Feb '06). I've only been a few times, but I like their baguettes (wonderfully crusty, not too doughy like Whole Foods) and the olive oil herb loaf is absolutely amazing. Even if you freeze it you'll still smell the olive oil after it thaws. The cookies are enormous and decadent, but there's something about them I haven't quite been able to pin down yet. On one occasion I almost thought there was a bit too much baking soda, and the cookies seemed to fall apart a bit too easily.
This past Sunday I had a craving.  Something deep inside the recesses of my brain triggered a sudden obsession for one of the double chocolate chip cookies from Levain Bakery.  Unfortunately I found myself stranded at the time on the Upper East Side in the sixties.  From that location, there's no easy method of public transportation to get to west 74th street so my friend and I decided to just hoof it. It took us about 30 minutes to walk all the way from 1st and 63st to 74th and Amsterdam, but the warm chocolatey gooey goodness that is the cookie at Levain was worth every step.
DELICIOUS COOKIES!!! They are HUGE and melt in your mouth.. I have tried them ALL they only had four different cookies and one scone.. All delicious, not chewy and not crunch.. They are Unique!!! Go prepared, they cost $4 each cookie! They are VERY SMALL and you will need to find somewhere else to eat your cookies...
Best cookies I've had in my entire life!!! If shipping wasn't so expensive I would get them delivered to Cali! I miss them so much lol!! My favorite was the chocolate chip walnut. Yum yum!!
Rocco Dispiritu listed Levain's dark chocolate chip cookie as the best thing he ever ate. and i must agree that he was right! never had i been so impressed by a cookie. it was crumbly and chewy, chalk full of decadent chocolate chips. eating one while it is still warm will melt all your worldly problems away. $4 for the best sizeable cookie you will ever eat is a steal!
Walked right past it, saw a crowd, realized I had arrived...Awkward & cramped yet simple and delicious. Make it inside and you're greeted with a small selection of options, all of which they've mastered. Cookies and breads are phenomenal with service to match it. Chocolate PB Chip cookie was massive and soft (but not gooey), just how I like it.
Very good cookies! Big, buttery and thick. Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside. Buy cookies for the cookie lover you know from here and you will make their day!  Or bring some to work and watch co-workers fight over the crumbs! (don't forget to get a couple for yourself too). Oatmeal raisin, Chocolate walnut and chocolate chocolate are the best (out of 4, the other one is peanut butter chocolate).
The chocolate chip cookie here is more indulgent than good - a pound of hot, gooey, cookie dough. I prefer the thin, crispy variety but something about eating these cookies is hugely satisfying, not unlike Eve must have felt when she sunk her teeth into the apple. Fyi, the oatmeal raisin is not so much. $4 a pop served by very friendly folk
In originally from Slovakia and I still remember waiting in lines for various food items under communism. Seeing this line every single day right next to where we were staying got us interested in what the heck was so special that people would line up for it like this in NYC. Well, it's simple as "the best chocolate chip cookies in the world". They are definitely not vegan but they are bloody awesome!!!!
L is for cookie. C has been demoted. Admittedly Levain Bakery has a bit of an unfair advantage over most bakeries because the sheer volume of cookies they go through (in nice weather on a weekend prepare to wait 10-15 minutes in a long but quickly moving sidewalk line into the tiny basement storefront) ensures that one's $4 prize will still be molten on the inside but these are some excellent cookies. Chocolate chip walnut is the famous variety but the dark chocolate chocolate chip and the dark chocolate peanut butter varieties also hold their own. Unless one is diabetic, watching one's waistline or allergic to the ingredients one really can't go wrong here. Bring a friend and share one though, for the sake of one's heart -- just smile and tell her that sharing is caring.
I think this may very well be THE BEST cookie in the world... they may need to create a new genre of dessert just for these things as it was probably one of the best things I have ever eaten. The line was long per usual and we almost left because I'm super impatient and my dog kept getting stepped on, but it went pretty quickly and I was so happy that I stayed in line. I got the dark chocolate chocolate chip and it was so hot like fresh outta the oven hot and gooey and like basically a 1/2lb of cookie... amazing. I had to save half for later to keep the experience going as long as I could. Yup. I can no longer even look at insomnia cookies any longer...( jk love you insomnia for being in my neighborhood and delivering to my fat ass. )
$4 for chocolate chip walnut cookie = BEST ONE EVER!!  These cookies are not for the weak.  They are no light snack.  These are hefty mounds of rich, chocolately goodness waiting to be washed down with a nice cold glass of milk and inducing an euphoric state of gastronomic bliss. If you don't think the walnut cookie is rich enough, try out the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip or the Dark chocolate peanut butter chip.  Man oh man, sooo rich and so decadent.  My only advice is that if you've never been here, you should plan on sharing a cookie.
Is it sad that not one day goes by where I don't think about these cookies? uh huh... they are really thaaaaat good. If only you weren't all the way up in the upper west side! but it probably is a good thing... or else i would probably be 200 lbs heavier. Droooool...
I am shocked that I can say that this cookie is worth $54 for me. I tried the chocolate chip walnut and was blown away. It was a soft interior with crispy exterior and a good amount of chocolate that is just right bordering on too much and it isn't overly sweet or greasy. AMAZING LEVAIN! I also tried the boyfriends oatmeal raisin and that was good as well. I can't wait to try the other flavors. YUM YUM!!
I don't have a huge sweet tooth but these were damn good cookies. They are MASSIVE and are very filling. The outside is crunchy but the inside is moist and soft. Seriously, getting two cookies and it can easily be an entire meal. The place is very small so be ready to be cramped.
You know you're sick in the head for these cookies when you get your brother to go buy you some on his vacation to NYC. That sickness has now been temporarily cured as I munch on half of the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie. Why only half? I'm trying to stretch out my bounty of cookies for as long as I can. I still have the Chocolate Chip Walnut, Oatmeal Raisin, and Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip to slowly savor. I also got a Valrhona Chocolate Roll but I didn't think it was as praiseworthy as the famed cookies. A crusty French roll stuffed with shards of dark chocolate. May be better fresh and hot out of the oven instead of room temp and a couple days after purchase. Notice to people out there. Probably best not to tell me you're visiting NYC.
A giant cookie that's a little crispy on the outside, soft and chewy inside, with tons of melting, gooey-ooey, chocolate-y chips.  My mouth still waters as I think of the first time I took a bite of their delicious Dark Double Chocolate Chip cookie.  Mmmm...my favorite.  Also tried the Dark Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip cookie...yum!  We loved them so much that we made it one of our last stops before we headed home from our NY vacation to purchase a box to bring home to the family.  And even after a day or two, the cookies were still great!  When in the Upper West Side, do yourself a favor and drop by Levain! And for those of us that live on the other side of the county...you can order online!  I plan to do just that!!!
I'm not at all a sweet tooth, but these are seriously the Best. Cookies. Ever.  I highly recommend the chocolate chip walnut cookie, warm out of the oven (as they always are because they sell so quickly!)  Def meant for sharing - the cookies are so big that they could be your entire meal instead of just the perfect dessert!
The best chocolate chip (walnut) cookies in the world, and I don't care that I've only sampled a fraction of the others. Not only is the quality exquisite - soft, gooey, warm, with a perfect blend of flavors - but at c. $4 the price is more than reasonable, especially given how huge they are. In fact, on the flip side, that's probably the only drawback I can think of; I mean, I have a big appetite, but even I feel borderline incapacitated once the high wears off. Then again, that's probably a first world problem, and I really can't recommend the place highly enough otherwise. It's nestled in near the corner of a leafy, Upper West Side street, so I'd recommend it later in the evening, sometime before they close at 7:00 (drawback #2 - way too early to satisfy my late-night cravings), perhaps on your way from a stroll through Central Park or during your trek uptown. There's not much space inside, but there is a nice bench outside by the entrance, perfectly situated for people-watching, sitting down, and stuffing your face.
Levain has the biggest, heaviest yet the most balanced cookies i've ever had. As big as they are, the cookies are overly sweet! I got a chocolate chip walnut and a chocolate peanut butter cookie to share and they were deeeeelicous The line can be long but it moves quick! Fingers crossed that they come out with some different cookie flavors (OATMEAL CHOC CHIP??!)
If you're in a cookie monster mood, GET THESE. There are no other options. Insomnia Cookies look paper-thin and puny compared to these iron-clad behemoths. Your out-of-towners will appreciate it as a stop on the way to the park, museum, or to enjoy--as I've done--at the Top of the Rock on a bright summer day. You might need to take a break half-way through, because all that goey-sweet and chewiness might keel you over. Get a small carton of milk at Fairway. You'll thank me for suggesting it.
Over the years, I have begun to see the value of specialization over well-roundedness.  Take the case of Levain, the small downstairs bakery in a classic UWS block.  You might say that Levain has a wide range of products.  Baguettes, loaves of bread, sandwiches and even pizzas.  And pastry products, including brioches, scones and muffins.  However, they are best known for their specialization in cookies.  Well-rounded, almost hemispherical creations that are fashionably out of shape and inconsistent in their appearance. The cookies come in four flavors, with the chocolate chip walnut likely being the most popular.  Other flavors include dark chocolate chip and dark chocolate peanut butter.  I prefer the oatmeal raisin cookie.  This jumbo cookie is loaded with plump raisins and is crispy on the outside while being extremely soft in the center.  The dark chocolate ones have an overpowering taste of chocolate.  Each cookie tips the scales at an impressive half a pound (sic) and is priced at $3.75. You can smell Levain''s cookies from fifty feet away and, if you are not sold on their aroma, you will fall for their buttery richness.  A couple of cautionary notes.  Make sure your cookie is fresh and not cold.  And remember not to expect any seating except a bench on the sidewalk, right outside Levain.                          ,   '                    ,  '       '                                        1: cookie monster A              ,   '       | 3 '                                               ,  '     2        ,   '   '  '  '  ,' '                         2: cookie monster B   ,  '      |        ,  '            ,  '    ' '                 '     1       ,  '            ,  '          ' '                        3: me '        ,  '             ,  '  ' '           ' ' '  ,  '             ,  ' '  '   '   '   '   ' ' '             ' ' ' '             ' ' On my most recent visit though, two large-sized individuals squeezed me out of the bench.  They must "specialize" in consuming Levain's creations.  But then they appeared to be quite "well-rounded".  I left, cookie in hand, for Central Park.
As much as I wanted to absolutely LOVE Levain, I just couldn't.  I mean, I did love the giant, scone sized chocolate chip cookie, with all it's soft, warm, tender, rich chocolatey goodness, but it was just way too sweet.  I felt like I was going to get cavities or go into a diabetic shock if I finished the whole thing.  The oatmeal raisin one was okay.  I usually don't like oatmeal raisin cookies, but this one was palatable. Eat at your own risk...and hit up the gym after.
1+ year later I return to NY, and you still have my heart Levain. Yes, it's a $4 cookie. Yes, I'll take a $15 cab ride to get to you. Yes, I'll buy at least 4 before I leave you. And damn, I want you back. The PB Choco is my fave of all time. The choco-brownie cookie part can be too much and sweet, so the PB chips give me the stamina to finish the entire.. what 6oz of cookie that makes one?
well this place doesn't need anymore reviews; I kind of just want to yelp-brag to all my 3 friends on here. I tried all 4 cookies today and they were mmmm mmmmm. The GOOEYness THE OATMEAL RAISIN AND CHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER CHIP !!
I refuse to believe that these babies are just cookies... they're monstrously huge, thick, full of fat, crispy on the outside, soft & warm on the inside, and ahhmazingly delicious! That's what she said... Haha!, But really, they're VERY good & they take cookies to a whole new level.  I can't finish one of these cookies in one sitting because they're that big & filling.  It won't disappoint for you sweet toothers!  They don't have a very large selection, but all the flavors are very good.  My favorites are the chocolate chip walnut & the oatmeal raisin.
My fellow yelper Jin had told me about this place so I had it on my to-do list and it was one of the rare things I got to checked off during my recent trip to NY. But I'm glad I went. They didn't have a huge selection at the time but had the basic so I got the Chocolate Chip Walnut, which was straight out of the oven and it was heavenly, I'm still working on it.  They weren't kidding when my friends warned me they were massive, think muffin top but cookie style. I also got the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie as well, which was also good but the Chocolate Chip Walnut tops my list. And my friend broke her paleo diet for this because I'm an enabler.
Just had a double chocolate from a friend who brought me back two cookies. Almost a week later and across the country, only stored in a ziploc bag - this cookie is still one of the most amazing I've ever had. So delicious - and better than the choc chip I nibbled in sheep's meadow last summer. Can't wait for some Levain Love on my next trip east.
They make one of the best cookies. Chocolate chip walnut is the way to go but their oatmeal raisin is really delish too. warm and soft but a bit crunchy on the outside layer. bought extra to bring back home an when reheated in the convection oven they are just as good. Dont forget a glass of milk!
great tasting cookies
REE-DIC-YEWW-LUSS !!!! I have to over-exaggerate my reaction because these were honestly THE best cookies I have ever put my chops on !   And fell off the Gluten-Free wagon for! The chocolate chip walnut rivaled the dark chocolate peanut butter chip.   Moist, chewy, gooey gobfuls of lip-smacking,  mouth-melting yumminess. The wait line out the door was a tell-tale sign that this was going to be good. And totally WORTH THE WAIT ... which is actually not long, as the bakery staff were expedient and swift in their transition of cookie to customer delivery!
I'm pretty certain that my last meal on Earth will have to include a Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie from Levain. These bad boys (for a hefty $4 a pop) are like a Reese's Cup mixed with a brownie...ON CRACK. Like all of Levain's cookies, they're rough and crumbly at the edges, but delectably under-baked in the center, and chock full of perfect peanut butter chips. I have half of one sitting in my kitchen right now, and it's taking 100% of my will power not to demolish it. Definitely one of the best cookies I've ever had. Since it was my first visit (and calories don't count when it's for science), I also ordered the Oatmeal Raisin. Again, under-baked in the center (yum), but this one was a little dry and hard towards the edge. I liked that it was a non-traditional oatmeal cookie (think more buttery batter goodness rather than chock full of oatmeal), but I wished it was moister all the way through and had more of that old fashioned cinnamon flavor. Overall, not the best cookies in the universe (I don't know if I'm a fan of the cookie-as-scone thing), but definitely delicious, and worth coming back for. Especially that Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip...mmm...
Broken heart?  You need three things: 1.  Friends who know you 2.  Fun with friends who know you 3.  A trip to Levain.   I call them the Big Mac of cookies.  But more impressive than its girth or weight is the taste.  The rapturous taste of milk chocolate chunk, melted butter, and Vesuvius eruption of RAW COOKIE DOUGH that'll rocket launch your BMI into Uranus*.   And while I don't condone eating your feelings (beyond 7 days), a Levain cookie (or three) shared with good friends over belly laughs is the smartest four bucks of therapy on the UWS.  So smile.  Pluck up.  Wipe away the drool and tears.  Because you my friend are a unique creature of exquisite, radiant beauty.  (These cookies come a close second.)   *It's ok.  I never left Junior High either.
Dear Everyone Who Has An Issue Paying $4 For a Cookie; Just shut the F up and hand over the money.  It's really NOT that serious, and in all honesty there are some (most) days that I would pay $20 for one of these cookies.   I live WAY to close for comfort, and the worst part is; Levain is directly in between where I take yoga and where I live.  After sweating out my LIFE in Bikram yoga, how on earth am I supposed to be able to walk past the most delicious smelling place on the face of this earth?  Nearly impossible. My favorite is the chocolate walnut, but most of my friends/family adore the chocolate peanut butter most.  They are massive, crunchy on the outside, melty on the inside, and ALWAYS WARM.   Every single time I walk into Levain I ask everyone behind the counter how the HELL they work there without being 2309743598435 pounds.  It's like a magic trick or something. And yes, I can finish a cookie in one sitting, and I am proud. Love, Me
I'm def not a sweets kind of person so this review might be bias. i came here bc its yelp rating is crazy high! I thought it was def something I should try. I got the chocolate chip and shared it with my roomie. It was HUGE, but for $4 it should be! It wasn't something we were crazy about. It was good but not OMIGAH I MUST TELL EVERYONE TO EAT THIS kinda good. nah mean? Def suggest going to Duane Reade down the block to get some milk for cheap hahahha.
Painfully delicious cookies.  Thankfully, this place isn't very accessible for me (I live in Chicago) but I'd seriously consider ordering them. At 4 bucks a pop, they seem a bit pricey, they are seriously good and pretty big - half a cookie seems to be a pretty generous portion.   I tried the chocolate chip with walnuts (just out of the oven) and the dark chocolate with peanut butter chips.  Both were really good.  The chocolate chips with walnuts was shared a few hours after I picked it up.  Not sure if it was because it was so fresh, but biting it , there was a lot of melting chocolate and the middle seemed to have some raw cookie dough.  Yummy for me, but I know people can be pretty divided on the raw dough thing.  I tried some of the chocolate peanut butter the next, while also very good, it didn't seem to have that raw goey-ness for those that care about those sorts of things.   As if all the other reviews aren't evidence enough, go get some Levain if your in the Upper West Side.
I entered Levain Bakery with high expectations, and it did NOT disappoint. I bought both the chocolate chip cookie and the oatmeal raisin one, and boy were they delicious. Even though I did not eat the chocolate chip cookie until 30 minutes after I left the store, the chocolate chips were super gooey and the whole cookie melted in my mouth. As for the oatmeal raisin one, I have never seen such giant and fresh chunks of raisins in a cookie before! I bought 2 of each but after returning to my dorm, the cookies were gone within minutes. Once I start going to the gym again I will definitely go back to buy more!
A hole in the wall with 3 or 4 stools and amazing cookies.  We tried the chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate with peanut butter chips.  The first bite of the dark chocolate was delicious but very rich so we ate  most of the other cookie instead.  I didn't know cookies could be this good.
i can see why they are so raved about now! well, first of all, this place was quite inconspicuous. if you weren't purposely looking for this place, it's not so easy to find esp since it's underground. so on to their cookies. they are GINORMOUS. i've never seen cookies so big and fat. it's not just those large flat ones. they almost look like a scone and they're $4. i got the chocolate walnut cookie since it was the most popular one. my first few bites were really good since the cookie was warm, chocolated was semi-melted. however, as i took on another bite, it was kind of overwhelming. the cookie was way too sweet and the chocolate was melting everywhere. overall, it was ok. they also don't have much other selections except for the large cookies. i'd definitely suggest sharing since these cookies are large and they're not good if you leave them overnight.
There chocolate cookie with chocolate chips is the best cookie I've ever had. There cookies are HUGE and amazing.
I love their cookies!! Best ever!! Went to NYC twice and had to go both times. Been trying to figure out their recipe ever since!
After indulging on ice cream at Emack & Bolios, we walked down Amsterdam to Levain Bakery. THE bakery to end all bakeries! I've heard that people see visions of unicorns and rainbows while eating...wait...EXPERIENCING these cookies! We walked by the store because I missed the street number, I was in an ice cream TRANCE! My brother saw a line of people and, naturally, it was Levain! This is an incredibly small bakery with enough standing room for MAYBE five people in front of the counter. The service is a study of efficiency - it did not take long for us to place our orders for the plump $4 cookies that look like SCONES!! Sorry to those with nut allergies - there are no plain chocolate chip cookies, only walnut chocolate chip. There are also double chocolate, oatmeal raisin and chocolate peanut butter. I knew I wanted to get the CLASSIC...the LEGENDARY walnut chocolate chip cookie! This cookie requires two hands - it is SO HEAVY! SO FULL OF FLAVOR! OMG! Look at this delicious cross-section of the cookie goodness - YUMMY! The cookie is dense, moist, flavorful and what every single damn cookie should strive to be when it grows up. I was shocked that the chocolate chips remained melty - how?? Also, how does the outside get such a wonderful crunch and texture while the inside stays slightly underdone - is it from the walnuts? I don't care. I JUST ENJOY IT. Although Levain is out of the way (unless you live on the West Side), it is worthy of a pilgrimage. These cookies are HEAVENLY!
I guess these cookies just aren't my cup of tea.  They are hard and dense and not always flavorful.  The chocolate chip walnut tastes so overwhelmingly of walnut you cannot taste anything else.  I like walnuts, but am not in a cookie for the nuts and this one is all about the nuts.   Double chocolate chip was not that great fresh out of the case, but once reheated in a toaster oven, it became quite nice.  Crispy exterior and melty interior.  But really?  A cookie should be good without having to go through that much work.   Chocolate peanut butter chip was my husband's favorite.  This one had the best flavor straight out of the case, but - again - this one was better once toasted and melty.   I've heard much about this place, so I'm glad I tried it, but I wouldn't go out of my way again for it.
These cookies might have ruined my relationship with my stepmother.  They garnished me looks of disdain on Father's Day from her dejected eyes.  I'm not lying.   I have to admit the whole predicament took me by surprise, though now, as I re-evaluate, it all makes perfect sense.  I can't say I wouldn't have done the same thing in her situation.   Let me get to the details. I brought these oversized, fabled chunky chocolate chip cookies of wonder over to my dad's house to enliven the mood last Father's Day.  Unsure of a good gift, I heeded the old cliche "the best way to a man's heart is through his stomach."  I was sure I brought a gift that would give to the entire household, however, i soon realized that my master plan went awry. When we sat down for dessert, I mentioned the lore surrounding the Levain Bakery cookies.  People looked at me like I was a bit of a city snob (I was in Jersey) and that I should shut my mouth about this ho-hum chocolate chips that claim to be "the best in the city."   However, the tide soon changed when the first young child broke a piece of the cookie off to test the waters and call my bluff publicly at the table.  His eyes opened wider, his smile inched broader across his face.  His small child's hand reached to break yet another chunk of cookie.  People got competitive.  More hands - small and large alike were reaching for oatmeal, for chocolate chunk, for peanut butter chip and more.   I was happy.  "Christina, you did good," I told myself.  "See, now they know you're not a snob foodie bragging about special chocolate chip cookies from the CITY.  You put your money where your mouth is.  Or they put their mouths where your money was.  Whatever. Success. Yezzz."   And then.  I heard my step mom's voice crack the silence, break through the chewing, mute the "Ohh wow, these really are the best cookies I've ever had," elatedly expressed by my step mom's own mother!!! "No one touched my cake," she sadly blurted out. I stopped chewing and I looked at my step mom's melancholy face.  The facts were true.  Her home made Duncan Hines vanilla cake with chocolate icing was in virgin territory and all of us, with our chocolate guzzling gluttony , could do nothing to help.   None of the kids would step forward.  My dad had overdosed on chocolate chips.  Even her own mother refused a slice of the homemade cake.  I felt eyes glaring at me.  Oh Lord, what had I done??  How could I made such a fatal mistake?!  Why, oh why did I get between a woman and her homemade cake on her husband's special day.  Disaster!  Could the damage be permanent?  The sting of rejection she would never forget.  I blame it all on Levain.
I've had their chocolate chip brioche years ago which I can remember was amazing. But their 2x chocolate- chocolate chip cookie is AMAZING. If your a choco-holic like me, you haven't lived until you've tried their cookies! Definitely worth a trip from anywhere in the city! Xo.
Ever since I left NY, I have been craving this cookie at least twice a week. This is the most DELICIOUS, life changing cookie I have ever had in my life. I honestly feel like my life is complete now. I seriously WALKED all the way from Rockefeller to Levain (I know, I had some time on my hands and just wanted to see the city) and it was well more than worth it. You could smell the waft of freshly baked cookies the minute you stepped on the block. It's a small bakery but do not underestimate... it's LIFE CHANGING. These $4 cookies are MASSIVE, the size of a large round scone that fits in the palm of your hand. They are heavy and HEAVENLY. Crispy on the outside, served warm with a moist crumbly inside. I don't even LIKE walnuts (I usually pick them out of everything) but I downed the chocolate chip walnut with NO problem. The walnut flavor was sort of masked under the delicious chocolate chips and buttery cookie flavor. Omg... seriously, cookiegasm. The chocolate peanut butter cookie was really good too. I die for these cookies. Can't wait to try the other cookies next time. And my plan is to bring at LEAST a half a dozen back home next time. Seriously. Even though they are best fresh right after you buy them, SOMETHING is better than nothing at this point. This is going on my list of "things I do NOT share". YOU MUST TRY THESE COOKIES!!!!
Super sweet chocolate cookie but my sis loved it! Since I am not a big chocolate fan I had the scone and it was great. But for some reason I still prefer the scone from Clinton st bakery better. This place is tiny, not a lot of seating space.
At the time I visited this bakery I was trying out chocolate chip cookies from different places about once per week looking for something really spectacular.  The chocolate chip walnut cookie from here was the best out of all of them.  The texture really makes it stand out from the rest, falling apart when held with chocolate chips like liquid.
Dark chocolate peanut butter cookies are THE BoMb!! Check out the raisin walnut rolls too, yummy if you aren't feeling like the need for a sugary treat.
After training camp practice was over I had my assistant fly over and pick me up a couple cookies.  They are ridiculous.  If there was a cookie I could compare to my greatness, it would be there chocolate chip walnut.  A+ from Adrian Peterson.
They have scrumtious desserts! I got a, well it was like a sandwich with chocolate in the middle. I was so mad i didn't get to try the cookies! They look really yummy. And people say they're good! Well maybe it's better than 3 stars but I didn't have the cookie so I'll never know.
Yes yes yes! All you need to know!
I love cookies and this is one of my favorite cookie spots! The wait is worth defiantly worth it. Must try
After 7-8 hours of being stuck in school, Levain's is a great place to grab a magical cookie to lose some of that high school stress. I've gone here a few times, and each time has been amazing. The cookies are warm, they're huge, they melt in your mouth - I mean what more could you want? Sure, it's a small place, and there's rarely any seating available unless you're lucky, but the cookies are enough to forget all about that. Wow, I really want one now.
A respected scholar once said: "Sometimes me think what is love, and then me think love is what last cookie is for. Me give up the last cookie for you." Well maybe not "scholar" ..... maybe it was the cookie monster....but I think you get the drift. If love equals giving up your last cookie....and your last cookie was from Levain....you know that you are REALLY in love. These cookies are the things of legend. You can smell delicous cookie goodness baking from a block away. Once you walk inside the small basement bakery the scent of cookie is almost overpowering. Then you spy the cookie. These things are HUGE. We picked up a chocolate peanut butter and a dark chocolate chocolate chip. They were crunchy on the outside and chocked full of goodness on the inside. I can honestly say I have never had a cookie quite like this. Now I am sitting at home in bed in a cookie coma and this was just after a few bites. The half eatten cookie is still chillin in the kitchen right now...at least I know I have something for dinner later! WARNING: Milk is needed to devour this cookie. If you do not have milk nearby .... eat at your own risk! You have been warned!
WARNING: Levain sells $4 mounds of crack masked as ooey-gooey goodness. This was one of my first stops on my solo trip to NYC, and even though I missed this tiny bakery three times (I'm directionally-challenged and it was raining. Okay, fine...sometimes, I'm just straight-up challenged), my frustration melted away as soon as the warm, sugary smells of this bakery enveloped me in its buttery arms and artery-clogging smiles. I bought the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter chip, Chocolate Chip Walnut, and the Double Chocolate Chip cookies. I could only eat half of each one (and that, my fellow yelpers, was a feat in itself), and will have to say that the CCWalnut was the best cookie. HANDS DOWN. IN THE HISTORY OF ALL COOKIES. I CAN'T EVEN DESCRIBE HOW AMAZING THEY WERE AND I KNOW I SHOULD BE BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT YOU DO ON YELP BUT I JUST CAN'T. I CAN ONLY TYPE IN CAPS. THAT'S HOW AMAZING THEY WERE. Okay, I'll stop before I get into deeper, emotional histrionics over these little cracked out pieces of heaven. I'd be careful though, eat a little too much and you might get a HUGE sugar rush and reach nirvana. ferosh.net
5 stars might not be enough. Hot, crispy, gooey, melty, FAT, ginormous cookie goodness. Sweet but not overbearingly so. The chocolate chip walnut center was a bit uncooked but whatever. I'm still gonna eat it. Line out the door past closing time, so they kept having to dig in the fridge for more dough to pop in the oven to avoid a stampede. The dough ball was about the size of a small orange, so you know you're going to get one monstrous cookie. Can't decide whether I like the chocolate chip walnut or the double chocolate better. Have to keep eating until I can decide. Also returned the next morning for 14 cookies to take home (box was so heavy!) and bought a raspberry bomboloncini. Whoa so good. It's like a jelly donut without the guilt, because the jelly is inside a super soft and delicate roll instead of a fried donut. The bread itself is not sweet but the tart and sweet jam inside plus a light dusting of powdered sugar added just the right sweetness. I'm going to miss you when I go to LA.
Last year I had the pleasure to purchase cookies here.  I was referred to try their cookies by my sister who brought some back from her trip to NYC.  So it was a must stop for me and only walking distance from, the apartment we rented. Must try their chocolate chip cookies and they are da bomb!  Best chocolate chip cookies I have ever tasted.  Seriously!!!  No joke.  They are quite expensive and I remembered I ordered about $20 worth of cookies to bring back home.  The cookies are quite large and when breaking the cookie, you can notice the large chunks of chips.  It has a great bite, chewy and not to hard or to soft and great to wash down with a glass of milk. These cookies are even Oprah's favorite and I can understand why. Really excited to bring back some this October...just counting the days.
if you dont believe in god, it's only because you havent had one of their cookies.
Their cookies are small mountains of sweet indulgence--crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside!  You pay for it, but still a fun treat.
These are definitely the greatest cookies in the world. I tried the chocolate chip walnut, double chocolate chip, and the chocolate with peanut butter chips. All were so danm awesome. They weigh in no joke about 12-14 oz each. If you can eat a cookie in one sitting God bless yaaa. Anyway, the outside edges have a little crunch but as you make your way to middle which is my favorite they are uber soft and fluffy. The inside is actually like cookie dough but a little more cooked through. These babies are like a mix between a cookie and a brownie. So delicious. I love them all but if I HAD to pick a favorite I would give the slight edge to the chocolate with peanut butter chips. Love that combination but it is the richest thing I have had in awhile. Bought them three days ago and still have a few bits and pieces here and there left. And still great.
Fabulous. Cookies. Worth the trek to the UWS. To make your own at home, try LisaMichele's copycat recipe, linked to on the LeVain site. Yum.
it's been said a million times but i'll say it again----best chocolate chip cookies ever.  warm and gooey when you get them and they stay good, in room temperature, for days.  we didn't have a fridge in our hotel room so we had our cookies out from Friday to Monday and they were still delicious on the plane.  my husband had the oatmeal cookie and the chocolate with dark chocolate chips and he said those were great too.  it was a 30 block walk from our hotel but the cookies were so good we hoofed it there twice.  I only wish it wasn't so expensive to ship it or I would order them online.
Cute little bakery hiding the most amazing cookies in the world. Don't take my word for it- you definitely must try it for yourself. In fact, I wanted my friends and family to try them so I brought a box back to California and everyone loved them. These cookies are the perfect balance between soft, crunchy and heaven. Warning: These cookies are enormous and they will end up as your meal. The stranger next to me was convinced they were scones (not scones). Be sure to bring an appetite and a carton of milk to indulge
Before I moved closer to New York, I would never have paid $4 for a cookie no matter how big they are. But this time I made an exception. The cookies are hefty, crunchy on the outside, soft and gooey on the inside and so buttery. Pleasantly surprised they aren't overly sweet. I'm scared to think about what goes in them though. Each one must be like 800 calories. I tried three flavors: the famous chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, and dark chocolate chocolate chip. In order of which I liked best it would be oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip walnut, and dark chocolate chocolate chip. The dark chocolate chocolate chip is a little too sweet, but the oatmeal raisin has the perfect amount of sweetness. They're all so unbelievably tasty. Still, the $4 price tag per cookie is kind of a turnoff so I think this will be a once every 6 months kind of thing, unless I'm having an insatiable desire for really good cookies.
The chocolate chip cookie just might be more American than Apple Pie.  It's a classic, and readily available. Like the perfect meal, the perfect chocolate chip cookie becomes engraved on our cerebral cortex. We dream of them, and even have nightmares over the fact that we may have been dreaming and they never really existed. Just ask Cookie Monster, and he'll agree. Cookies are good! We all have our preferences and our favorites. Some like them soft, some with crunchy edges, or with nuts, maybe with chocolate chunks, or only from Grandma. It's a personal preference. My favorites belong to Mrs. Gunderson my childhood neighbor. But I'm far from home, and so I need to get my fix someplace. My someplace: Levain Bakery. These cookies are simply DEVINE! You're always greeted with a friendly smile as sweet smells engulf your senses. Whether it is Chocolate Chip Walnut, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter, or even the Oatmeal Raisin, Levain Bakery cookies are absolutely delicious. Each cookie is slightly crunchy on the outside, warm and chewy on the inside. I savor each and every bite, each and every time. And although we might not all ever agree on what makes the perfect Chocolate chip cookie, the ones at Levain Bakery will rank high with everyone. An absolutely Ooey-gooey goodness of cookie bliss. Yes they bake other things, and I'm sure they are wonderful, but I doubt they are as good as these heavenly morsels. Levain Bakery: Perfection Found and it's only $3.75.
This was my last stop before leaving NYC. I bought a bundle of goodies on my way to the airport, all for only $12! -chocolate chip walnut cookie -banana chocolate chip bread -raspberry bomboloncini -cinnamon brioche every single item was absolutely divine!!!! But my absolutely favorite was the bomboloncini - it's basically a baked jelly donut, but much lighter than typical donuts!!!!  I would fly back to NY to have another bite of it!!!  =)
I'm usually not a cookie fan (yea I know, I must be dead inside or something) but these things are good.  Be warned though, these things are big.  Either make it a meal or split with a friend, or two. Like crunchy cookies?  The outsides of this thing are nice and crisp. Like gooey cookies?  The insides are gooey, melted chocolate deliciousness. Like oatmeal cookes? They've got those too. You haven't really had a cookie until you've had a cookie here.
The first words out of my mouth after taking my first bite, "holy sh*t!" No exaggeration, their cookies are that bomblicious. Came here after seeing them win the throwdown with bobby flay for their chocolate chip walnut cookie. Walked by and hesitated but the gentleman sitting on the bench outside persuaded me. He said their cookies are called "one bite addictions." NO LIE! They are! I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it's everything you expect from an awesome cookie. It's crunchy on the outside but yum chewy. When  you break a piece off, the chocolate chips separate in that sexy melted way. It's not too sweet and it hits that spot for a homemade-I'm-too-lazy-to-bake cookie. It's steep though. For all that goodness, it's $4. And don't expect to sit down and chow down. You could but it's literally a hole in the wall with cramped seating. The line goes by fast and they accept card! However I felt foolish being around all the cash holding people. Would I go again?  YES Am I addicted? YES Should you go? YES!!!!!
Oh.My.God. Best cookies ever, especially the chocolate chip. I will be ordering these as gifts because everyone must try them.
Excellent cookies! But no place to sit and chill really :(
Seriously don't know what the hype is. I got the chocolate chip cookie and it was a big ball of sugar.  There's no flavor in the actual cookie. I much prefer Jacques Torres's CC cookies!
Their dark chocolate chocolate cookies are the best I've ever had. 'Nuff said.
To be honest, I don't understand the hoop-la around Levain. I got a cookie here and it was wonderfully soft and doughy in the middle, but largely because the cookie was so big the inside wasn't thoroughly cooked. I would rather walk the extra blocks over to Insomnia.
Cute little bakery hiding the most amazing cookies in the world. Don't take my word for it- you definitely must try it for yourself. In fact, I wanted my friends and family to try them so I brought a box back to California and everyone loved them. These cookies are the perfect balance between soft, crunchy and heaven. Warning: These cookies are enormous and they will end up as your meal. The stranger next to me was convinced they were scones (not scones). Be sure to bring an appetite and a carton of milk to indulge
Loved the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie.  Made trips to the bakery four times on our week long trip to NYC.  Even brought some home!
Three things I almost never think about: desserts, chocolate, and cookies. However, I've been thinking of Levain since I practically arrived in NYC. These cookies have haunted my "to try" list for what feels like forever. The hype of overpriced cookies I feel will dissipate somehow either via ratings or popularity. Levain seems to have done a good job maintaining both and busting out cookies that people are clearly willing to pay $4 over. I finally put an end to the speculation and dropped by for a visit. There is never a shortage of lines or people waiting to get in this little 4 seater counter space that would make most claustrophobics shudder in fear. It has become so commonplace that they now have web cams installed to give the internet world an idea of how long the wait might be. Shake Shack has employed this technique quite well, Levain actually has a camera propped up inside so you can see yourself if you stare at the monitor long enough. Waiting in line is a chore. But with the weather warming up as of late, there could be worse things in life than waiting in line for a place that command a sea of cookie monsters. Then there is that aroma. An odor only detectable as one gets closer to the doorway. Greek Mythology had the sirens, the Upper West Side has the cookie smell of Levain. If carbon monoxide or the gases of the First World War smelled even half this good, millions would die. Intentionally. After coughing up $12 for 3 cookies, I cringed my way through my first sampling of their chocolate chip walnut cookie. While it smelled wonderful, the cookie was more of a lump than a regular big cookie. Within the first bite I had already seen the light that so many had seen before me; these cookies are pretty damn good. Excessive profanity is the only way I can explain these bad boys. When propositioned with the idea of buying a large cookie somewhere else for $2.50-3, I'd much rather pay the extra $1 to get a lump of greatness here. The chocolate walnut was moist, aromatic, and sinfully plump from a plethora of chocolate bits and walnut clumps. It made for a fun bite and was picked apart by my eating companion and I, as we marveled in amazement while foodgasming at the same time. Next up is my favorite, the chocolate peanut butter cookie, which tasted as good warm as it did cold. Chewy almost in a melt-in-your-mouth kind of way, it reminded me why I liked this combination of tastes as a child. The oatmeal raisin was also tasty, but in a very different way - one could tell the ingredients were fresh and those raisins were just sweet enough to give the cookie a nice refreshing after taste. Not having eaten prior also had its advantages as we really able to enjoy the food. But in a surprise, neither of us could finish one cookie. Even picking apart random cookies filled us up completely, likely due to the heaviness from everything within. This is much better than the alternative. Imagine a mini (a la Baked by Melissa) version for roughly the same price? No thanks. On that note, Levain's cookies will suit me just fine.
Around this time last year, I was lucky enough to spend a couple weeks in NYC. Of course, Levain Bakery was on my must trys as I've seen it on tv and countless food blogs. The small bakery is located underground and has a cozy feel to it! My friend and I grabbed a cookie each and sat on the stools with our enormously thick cookies. I chose the dark chocolate chip cookie and was in complete and utter shock how chocolate-y and gooey the center of the cookie was.. The crust is a bit crispy but when you bite into the cookie, the warm melted chocolate chips sink into your teeth. It's been a year since I've had that cookie but I have to admit I think, dream and drool about the cookies at Levain.. If only I could get some delivered to my doorsteps right now, my life would be complete. I definitely just looked through all the yelp pictures of the cookies over and over again just hoping that one day, soon, I will be reunited with the perfect gooeyooey chocolate cookie.
YO !!  all I gotta say is ..." That's some good cookies man.... that's some good cookies" Need to go back to rock dem' muffins  (that didn't sound right)
Mimi N. kept urging me to make a trip here, so of course I had to. OMG I'm so glad I did! Upon arrival, I was a little thrown off by the obscure tiny bakery with zero effort in decor. I also prefer my cookies soft and doughy so when I saw the monstrous 1 inch thick (no joke) cookies I was a little skeptical. I decided to take the plunge and ordered two: chocolate peanut butter and oatmeal raisin. With a slight exterior crunch and a crumbly brownie-like interior, Levain hits the spot. The texture of their cookies are so different from what I'm used to, and they totally raised the bar. At $4 a pop, they may seem pricey but it took me a course of 2 days to finish my 2 cookies. Can't wait for the day I can return to NYC for another bite of Levain.
As a chocoholic & foodie my standards for cookies are quite high and I can say without hesitation that theirs are the best I've ever had. I'd pay twice as much for just one bite. Do yourself a favor and get one of each of the varieties--all out of this world. Don't expect to finish even just one though on it's own, they are incredibly dense with unhealthy goodness.
I don't get it... it's a big cookie, so what.
Best chocolate chip walnut cookie you'll ever have. A bit expensive but it's enough for 2 people. Somehow they get it to where the outside is cooked but the inside is soft and gooey. Incredible.
These were the best cookies found on my most recent cookie crawl around NYC.   The bakery itself is not cute and a very tight space.  However, if you're picking up cookies, this makes no difference.   The dark choclate chocolate chip and the dark chocolate peanut butter are outstanding cookies.  At $3.75 they are more like three or four cookies put together.  They are soft and gooey inside.  I highly recommend these cookies.
Just okay. I am a major fan of sweets, and takes a lot to disappoint me. But I daresay these cookies (I had the chocolate chips with walnuts) are pretty bland. Yes, they're huge, but that's about it. Maybe I got one from a bad batch.
I'm not sure what I could add about Levain Bakery that hasn't already been expressed in the 2600+ reviews that precede me, but I will say that these are likely the best cookies I've ever had in my life. Assuming you'd happened across its street, it's so unassuming that you'd probably be oblivious to the fact that you are walking by greatness. It's a tiny shop that does what it knows and is not interested in much more. Rotation is faster than you'd expect, which means lines are never too long, and the cookies are always served still warm. Even at first glance, the cookies seem to be worth their weight in gold: they are pretty massive, both length-wise and height-wise. In fact, I've never been able to finish one in a single sitting, but this is more attributable to their sheer richness rather than size. The perfectly decadent and buttery texture will impart to you a sensation you'll remember for weeks to come, not to mention an overwhelming desire for a glass of milk. The Chocolate Chip Walnut is considered their most standard variety, but seeing as chocolate and peanut butter has always been fascinating flavor combination to me, getting the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip as my first and foremost choice was a no-brainer. Either way, they have 4 varieties, and you can't go wrong with any of them. Levain Bakery defiantly refutes the long-standing claim that money can't buy happiness: turns out the answer was actually $4. If you're a tourist and even slightly interested in dessert, I consider this a must-stop. And if you live in New York, I envy you deeply.
Words are not adequate to describe my love for you, levain cookies. Shaped like a scone, the cookies are crunchy on the outside, gooey and chewy on the inside. You can also get a carton of milk to perfect that which is already perfect. I always get the chocolate chip with walnut. I'm also a fan of the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. And ok, fine, their one flaw? Kinda pricey at $4/piece of heaven.
"I LOVE Levain!" I shot up in an instant. The president of our company looked up at me in wonder. "Did you suggest that to us?" "Erm...no...but I wish I had!" I added, still smiling in excitement. I then sat down, and the meeting continued. My co-worker in Marketing explained that it had actually been their idea to gift our advertisers with treats from Levain. As he spoke, the president looked up Levain's site and flashed an image of one of the bakery's humongous cookies on the conference screens, leaving it there for the rest of the meeting. This was last Thursday when the secret of Levain got out to my company. Of course, I've tried to spread it numerous times before. I've known about Levain for almost a year now. Ever since, I've found myself dejected countless times at the blank stares after my mention of Levain. "Oh, you've never heard of it?" "That's OK." "You should really try it sometime." Those are my calm automated responses, which flow out instantly to cover up my real reactions of "How. Do you NOT. Know This. Yet?!" "Who deprived you, my child?!!!!" "WHHyyyy ..y" I cannot be pretentious, though. It wasn't my own discovery to begin with. When you date a dessert connoisseur, you find out many things you did not know before. So I can't take credit for it, but I do give credit where it's due, and I can only say this: Levain serves up the best cookies I have ever tasted. Take it from any angle: 1. Originality: I've never seen a bigger cookie than this monster of about an inch of thickness. 2. Texture: Its warmth and moistness allow the flavors to meld together into one harmonious splash of sweetness. 3. Taste: From chocolate chip walnut to dark chocolate peanut butter chip, Levain cookies will satisfy a craving no matter which flavor you pick. 4. And finally, simplicity: Levain doesn't boast any outlandish combinations nor does it offer any unique ingeredients. That's the magic of the tiny unpretentious basement bakery: With only four cookies on the menu, made with the most common ingredients, Levain constantly wins publicity, from renowned food blogs to yearly food lists. Sure each cookie may contribute about 1,000 calories to your tummy and hips, but who ever said that one won't keep you full for about two meals' worth of your day? If you haven't visited Levain yet, go. It deconstructs everything you ever thought you knew about a cookie and alters even the most dignified composure. Even as I napped later that day after my first trip to Levain, I woke up to find the cookies we had taken home gone. Though he frowned and shrugged in seeming cluelessness, dessert connoisseur still had crumbs on his fingers. To this day, when I think of Levain, I smile: I smell not only chocolate and peanut butter, but a good dose of culprit as well.
The Greatest Cookie Ever Made. The first thing I ate on Easter after having giving up pastries was a Chocolate Cookie Walnut Cookie. That's how amazing they are and how much I need them in my life. Warm, fresh from the oven, they are soft and gooey chocolate chip deliciousness the size of your fist. These cookies blow every other cookie ever made out of the water. Definitely one of the best spent $4. Also, Levain makes other bakery fare like bread. But definitely come for the cookies. I've had (all?) 4 of the cookies at Levain: the Chocolate Chip, the Chocolate Chip Walnut, the Oatmeal Raisin and the Double Chocolate Chip. They are a food experience in of themselves (and will leave you full for a while... even if you have a separate dessert stomach like me).
One of my favorite cookie places ever!  The cookies are on steroids and you should probably share since they're huge, but you won't want to. Levain is famous (seen on Throwdown! with Bobby Flay) and there will probably be people in front of you getting a sweet snack.  I love getting the chocolate chip with walnuts and it's just ooey gooey soft and chewy.  I usually have a smear of chocolate on the corner of my  mouth when I'm through so wipe accordingly.   Grab your favorite cookie and if you're lucky you'll be able to sit on the single bench out front and enjoy your cookie with the NY sunshine.
Officially my favorite place for chocolate chip cookies.  It's a really small place that is mostly filled by the baking machinery in the back but the smell of that place is amazing.  The cookies are HUGE and probably could be considered more of a pastry than a cookie.  They are crisp on the outside and gooey on the inside with melted chocolate getting all over your mouth - but totally worth it.  I tried all four cookies but my favorite was still the chocolate chip walnut. It tastes heavenly with milk (all cookies need milk!) and if you don't want to spend the few extra bucks, trek down the block to the trader joes and buy a pint for about a buck.  It totally makes the cookie a better experience.
love love love love Levain bakery. The cookies are just amazing and absolute bliss....warm and gooey chocolate on the inside just melts into your mouth....I made special trips all the way to the UWS to get them. need a chocolate fix? go. now. run.
i'm the best friend that jaime s. referred to below. dear jaime, i am sorry for laughing at you. you were right. not only were you right that these are the best cookies in the entire world, you were also right that i could not eat 2 of them in a row. i wanted to soooo badly because they were incredibly yummy, but yes, as you well know all i accomplished was giving myself a tummy ache. however, i would repeat the experience again. 7 of the best dollars i ever spent.  love, ashley now yelpers go get chocolate chip cookies at levain bakery! promise you won't regret it.
Really delicious, gigantic, chewy cookies. My heart and tastebuds think the City Bakery's chocolate chip cookie is the best, but also a different style. Levain wins for the chewy huge version:) This shop is tiny, with the kitchen taking up most of the space, so plan to take your loot with you.
You have not tasted a serious cookie until you go to this tiny, below street level bakery. All I can say is that they are each a big fat chunk of heaven! They are 6 ounces (almost half a pound) each. There are four kinds: Oatmeal raisin, dark chocolate chocolate chip, chocolate chip walnut, and my personal favorite dark chocolate peanut butter chip! I have tried all of them, and just thinking about them makes my mouth water. Think of the thickness of a brownie meets the roundness of a cookie. When you take your first bite, you automatically want more. Their savory taste and moist inside are delectable. This place is a must! justdessertsnyc.com Now, the cookies are not the only great treat here.  What I didn't know about was their secret treasure....cinnamon buns! Sold only on the weekends, these are just huge hunks of gooey deliciousness. My friend Pam actually called me on the phone one day and said, "I'm watching Oprah and she's featuring these cinnamon buns at Le Vain's that were voted best in NYC!" Well, of course, I had to try them. There are two kinds: walnut and raisin. They are so fresh and the thick, baked dough is so chewy. The walnuts were a nice nutty taste against all the sweetness. The raisins, I have to say, were a bit too many in number. I felt overwhelmed with the amount, so I ended up scraping some off. Needless to say, they were pretty darn good. The glaze was perfect as well. They reminded me of the "Sticky Buns" you can buy in vending machines in grade school. What these cinnamon buns have over most is the freshness of being made by a fab bakery that knows what they're doing. So if you're having a "Lazy Sunday" and don't feel like a Magnolia cupcake, I say "run for the bun!" xoxoBrownie
amazing. just go. you won't regret it!
Honestly one of the best cookies i EVER had! My favorite one is the dark chocolate with peanut butter. I have no idea how they keep the cookies crunchy on the outside and so moist in the inside. DEFINITELY worth the price, its bigger then you think!
Best chocolate cookie I've ever eaten FULL STOP!  Levain lives up to the hype. Fresh from the oven the double dark chocolate cookie was an out of control bite of heaven.  I'm not sure calling it something so simple as a cookie is even on target. It's so much more than that. And the chocolate walnut cookie was divine as well. If you're close by, it's a must stop. The line is worth the wait, promise!!
I didn't fast for YK yesterday, which I'll totally atone for next year, I swear.  I did, however, make a rare journey to the UWS for a break-fast at my cousins' apartment because a) my cousins are amazing, and b) Levain Bakery is on the UWS.   When we got out of the subway at 72nd St it was pouring, and J was like, "Wait, if they live in the 80s, why did we get out here?" and I was like, "Because we have to get the COOKIES!" and J looked down at his increasingly rain-spattered pants and said, "these cookies better be fucking amazing."   After gorging ourselves on obscene amounts of bagels, lox, whitefish salad, chopped liver, and noodle kugel (naturally, we had to keep up the APPEARANCE of having fasted) it was finally cookie time.  There were some other desserts as well, but I don't remember them, because these cookies were fucking amazing, and even J, who NEVER thinks that things live up to their hype, conceded that our little detour in the rain was completely worthwhile.   Crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside, this is how all cookies should be.  The dark chocolate with peanut butter chips was a surprise favorite, but I can totally see how the classic chocolate chip won the Bobby Flay Throwdown, too.  These Levain ladies, they know what they're doing!
My review may duplicate much of what is written below. I don't care - I'm adding to the consensus: the chocolate peanut-butter chip cookie at Levain is the best cookie I've ever eaten. It tastes good - the inimitable combination of chocolate and peanut butter. It feels good - a remarkable heft for a cookie that tells you you're in for a serious experience. The texture is dense without being too fudgy. It travels well - you don't need to eat it right when it comes out of the oven (although it will blow your mind if you do). Hours later it's still moist and mouth-fabulous. The thing is, everything else I've ever had at Levain is also great. Brioche - sweet and eggy and perfect (one of these days, I will make french toast out of it ... if I can get it home without eating it first). The baked jelly donuts - love them. Baguette - just right. If you like cookies, go to Levain.
My name is Sam and I'm a Levain'aholic I've gone two weeks without walking down those fragrantly tempting stairs... Truth is, just went there again yesterday after two weeks of sobriety "/ jeesh, Levain is bringing it!!! You will not be disappointed if you go to Levain. Try to Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookie, grab a cup of coffee or something to go with it or make sure to get a glass of milk when you head back to the office because it is RICH RICH RICH, but tastes like a dream.
Holy jeebus, these cookies are HUGE. They really look more like scones, but still taste like gooey moist cookie deliciousness. I tried the double chocolate one and could barely finish half because it was so rich. Nevertheless, every bite I had was HEAVEN. You definitely need some milk for these babies though. Okay, so they do seem a bit pricey ($4 a cookie, I think?), but the cookies are GIMONTIC. The place is pretty small, and I can see how it might get crowded easily. Despite all that, I think these monsters are definitely worth a try.
Best Chocolate Chip cookies in NYC! You barely notice the $4 price tag when you taste the cookie (that looks more like a scone!!) Enjoy!
The cookies are not very cookie-like, but they sure are good!  They are super dense and chewy and are loaded with chocolate chips.  I am usually a straight chocolate chip girl, but I loved the chocolate with peanut butter chips.  I'd say 1/2 a cookie is an ample serving...
These cookies are like Crack.  Once you start eating them,  you have to finish it.  And they're HUGE, I live in the neighborhood and had a phase where i would get one a week. The chocolate peanut butter is my favorite...Its worth it...just try not to get addicted!
True story - someone was passing these cookies around at work, and I was so desperate to find out where they were from (nobody knew)...so I went to Yelp and typed in "giant cookie"...and viola!  Levain popped up! Most amazing cookies ever! Perfect for fans of the crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside...served warm when you pick them up at the bakery.   Don't forget your cash - they don't take credit cards.
Do yourself a favor and eat a cookie or 2 or 12 from this bakery. Actually, the word cookie does not do these ooey gooey globs of heaven any justice.
This is my most missed place in NY. I tried the chocolate cookie with warm melting peanut butter inside. It's a small, underground place but I want to live on the bench located outside. These cookies are the absolute best I've ever had. I recommend this place to any of my friends visiting NY. It's a great place to grab some cookies and a cup of coffee then a nice stroll down Central Park
Why would I pay $4 for a cookie? Because it is $4 of warm, gooey, perfectly baked chocolately goodness the size of your palm and thick as a scone. As the scent wafts out of the basement bakery location, calling you like those old Looney Toones characters, you'll happily pay $4 for a chocolate chip walnut cookie and let every mouthful be savoured.
I DON'T snack much, except Chocolate, Ice Cream, Cheesecake, Cupcake and..  OH!  it's dessert!  isn't it?  =P well, after GETE breakfast, I asked my dearly friend, Sooj from SF, I wanted to try cookies from Levain!  I mentioned reviews of NY dessert king, Atif I., and UWS resident, Scott R. to tempt her..  it must be good  to try new world for her and me!  *devil hands* the door was opened! the rich butter smell caught my whole body! the counter window was to protect someones hands such as.. mine? the size and price seemed awesomely enormous and steep for one cookie.. $3.75? anyway, HAD to try it!   we got Oatmeal Raisin and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookies for our..  ummm..  OK.. let me correct myself!  for MY rapacity.. ahhhhh~  Glory in my mouth!   I don't care if I need to pay for my teeth later, BUT for now I need to go back, and show my love to those little pleasures! ============== 1/3/08 update: tried Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie last night..  Hell yah!  it was delicious!
Want to see mouthwatering pics with this review? Then go to nycfoodguy.com and find Levain on the right side... Levains Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie is the best I've ever eaten.  It's a mountain of chocolaty cookie euphoria. I've never eaten something so knee-buckling-ly delicious. I realize that was a mouthful but so are Levain Bakery's Cookies, easily weighing in at almost half a pound each, SERIOUSLY, half a pound of buttery, crumbly decadence. I always marvel at a cookie whose surface belies its insides. Crisp, and crumbly becomes chewy and transcendent with every bite. That's how it is with Levain. You can sense the adventure your taste buds are about to undertake as you hold one of these cookies, lightly inhaling that magical scent, transporting you back to age five, watching and waiting with dire anticipation for Mom's cookies to appear from the oven, golden brown and delicious. For those wary of walnuts, forget your fears. Unless you fear is allergy based. Otherwise, the walnuts have a small but important presence, adding a subtle flavor which balances out the sweetness of the chocolate volcano lurking within. Levain is easy to miss. It's down a small flight of stairs on the north side of 74th St. about 20 feet off of Amsterdam Avenue. Levain offers 3 other varieties of cookie:    * Oatmeal Raisin with a hint of cinnamon and full of oatmeal and plump raisins. May well be the best Oatmeal Raisin cookie NYC Food Guy has ever had.    * A Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie which is more like death by chocolate than Levain's self-proclaimed "chocolate lover's dream". These are made with dark chocolate cocoa and semi-sweet chips and are so buttery and rich, I recommend small bites spaced apart in a timely manner. Seriously.    * Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookies, called "the perfect combination of dark chocolate and peanut butter chips." Believe it or not, I haven't tried this one. It's hard for me to not get the Chocolate Chip Walnut. Based on the track record though, how could you go wrong? Levain also serves an array of breads, rolls, and other baked goods. I've spied some seriously gooey sticky buns with a disappointing lack of white frosting and some brioche dessert bread sticks in cinnamon or chocolate, both of which ended up being somewhat lackluster. You really cannot go wrong with the cookies. So stick to what NYC Food Guy knows best: Delicious. Heed the word and head to Levain.
Best cookies in the world!  Definitely a must do in NYC!
Best cookie I've ever had! Crispy on the outside and very soft inside. It was a large and fat cookie totally worth $4. I had the oatmeal raisin and a few bites of my boyfriends chocolate cookie both very good, but the chocolate cookie was delicious and it melted in your mouth! Very small place and it's more of a grab and go place.
Best cookie ever. I got the chocolate chip walnut and tried my friends chocolate peanut butter cookie. His was almost too rich so I think the chocolate chip walnut cookie wins. Both were delicious.
The cookie is not a cookie. It's like a heap of joy. It's perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside, not overwhelming sugary or sweet, and served warm. I've baked a lot of cookies and have also had a lot of cookies from various bakeries and NOTHING compares! At $4 a cookie, it's a little expensive, but the cookie is HUGE and unbelievably good. They don't skimp on the walnuts either.
OMG It's been 3 hours since I had my first Levain cookie and I'm still thinking about it.  The huge, warm, and gooey Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie was sooooo good and totally worth the $4 I spent for it!  I just wish I had a glass of milk to go with it.  Though there was a line going out the door of this incredibly small bakery, they were very efficient and I didn't have to wait long for my cookie.
The inside was raw! Not soft or moist, raw. About 20 minutes after I bought it it lost it's structure and was a goo mess. Maybe it was a bad batch or something.
We went to Levain Bakery on our last day in New York. This was a good thing cause if we would have gone here on the first day, we would not have gone to any other of the good bakeries we went too. This had to be the best bakery I have ever been to in my life. We shared the Choclate Brioche, Oooooo my good god the best choclate pastry I have ever put in my mouth. We also got two cookies the choclate choclate chip &  the choclate with peanutbutter chips. These cookies are thick and full of chips, crunchey on the outside, soft & gooey on the inside and they are huge.If in New York you must try Levain Bakery.
I pick up a box of Levain every time I'm dropping by a family gathering or potluck, because they are ALWAYS a hit. These cookies are magical. I don't know what they put in them, but if I lived on this street... I would probably start to resemble Bo from Dragon Ball Z after a few months :-) Go for the walnut chocolate chip. There is no question. The others are good, but walnut chocolate chip is, and always will be, the Levain classic. Then go buy a jug of milk from the bodega next door. Get yourself to Central Park and take a big, rich, life-affirming bite of that cookie. There might be a line out the door, but it goes by super quickly. I used to reward myself with a cookie every time I went for a bikini wax at Max Wax upstairs, then I noticed I was scheduling an awful lot of waxing appointments.. heh...
I don't think you need to be a high calorie burning athlete to enjoy these amazing cookies, but it could definitely HELP with the calorie intake.  My absolute favorite cookie here is Chocolate Chip Walnut - semi-sweet chocolate chips and chunks of walnuts, huge, thick, and gooey but crisp on the outside.  The New York Times says these may possibly be the largest, most divine chocolate chip cookies in Manhattan and I would COMPLETELY agree with that statement.  I have yet to find a cookie as perfect as theirs.   This shop is out of the way since I live in LES but I find myself making excuses to travel into this area specifically to have one of their chocolate chip walnuts to stay and taking a few to go.  They last for a few days and still taste terrific with a little bit of heat zap so I have no problem grabbing some to go.  I just know that after my cookie binge, I should really consider doing a set of long runs.
I swear to God this place is the mastermind of some evil genius that is working behind the scenes at Jenny Craig or Weight Watchers to make us all fat so we have to use their programs! What other sick and twisted mind could come up with these monster sized concoctions of sugary awesomeness? Seriously, these are cookies on steroids! None other can compare. Oreo's? Nice try loser. Chips Ahoy? Outta my way wimp. Levain's cookies are the big bodybuilder guy that kicks sand in your little cookies' faces on the beach, and then makes out with your girlfriend right in front of you! Levain's cookies eat other less worthy cookies for breakfast! Walking down into this small shop of cookie magnificence there were only two that I wanted to consume on this day - the chocolate chip walnut cookie and the dark chocolate chip peanut butter cookie. As the friendly counter person placed them in the bag and handed it to us I could not wait as resistance was futile. We headed straight to the counter, and went at it right then and there. All I can say is - OH MY GOD!   Biting into these cookies are like a religious experience. Ridiculously large, crunchy on the outside, amazingly gooey and rich on the inside, party in my mouth flavor explosion! I wanted to curl up in a ball in the corner of the shop and cry as these were so freaking amazing! Do not even think about the amount of fat, calories, and sugar that are in these Frankenstein like cookies. Just open your mouth and enjoy. Amazing chocolaty taste, sweet and delicious - just simply wow! Totally worth the trip to the west side, Harlem, or the East Hampton locations to sample these beauties.   I swear I thought I saw Richard Simmons mixing cookie batter in the back of the shop making an evil sadistic laugh. Muahahahahaha!
I lived down the street from Levain when I first moved to Manhattan and was hopping from sublet to sublet. I'd start off many a morning with their superb oatmeal raisin scone, fresh from one of the large baking ovens, and a cup of the fine coffee. No pretense and some fine people working there with flour still visible on their persons. This place is the anti Starbucks with limited below sidewalk seating, visible baking facilities, and everything cooked fresh on the premises. The real heavy hitters are their cookies, including the large chocolate chip walnut. These are the Mike Tysons of the cookie world, swinging from the hip with bad intent and asking questions later. Not an eat and run kind of treat and not meant to be consumed in large quantities on a regular basis if you have the same tailor as the Olsen twins. Levain is a rare gourmet find and comforting Upper West Side original. Stop off on a winter day on your way to the 72nd Street subway station.
Yummy "cookie" but soooo fattening and heavy it turns me off. Ii consider it more like a scone than a cookie bc it's so big and the way it's shaped. They definitely use SO much butter and sugar, but it really hits the spot. I think I can only have it once a year or else I'd literally be obese and have clogged arteries.
Best. Cookies. Period. My fave is the regular chocolate chip walnut ones but you can't go wrong with any of them. Also addicted to their scones.
$4 is a bit pricey, but this cookie is the size of 4 regular cookies.  It was HUGE. I had the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip.  It was so big, it was nearly a meal.  And it was divine.  The inside didn't seem doughy to me, but just barely undercooked - in a good way. My husband HATES raw cookie dough and even he was able to enjoy this cookie. I think he may have like it even more than I did.  The outside of the cookie is crunchy and pretty much just perfect. We almost passed the bakery when we were looking for it. It's so small and almost hidden since it's on the basement level.  Thank goodness we found it :)
Amazing cookies. When it comes to baked goods and sweets, I love fluffy textures opposed to overly sweet and dense. Levain's cookies are big and fluffy, fresh, and absolutely delicious. I tried the Oatmeal Raisin here. The cookies are also HUGE.
err, hello. these cookies are HUGE!!!! (@ $4 a pop) and DELICIOUS!!! :) i went for the walnut chocolate chip and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. and it looks like i'll be having these for breakfast tomorrow! HA!
Greatest cookies I've ever had. A bit expensive ($4 per cookie) but well worth it!
I went to Levain's after a colleague told me I had to check out the cookies. They definitely lived up to her hype. They are somehow still gooey even though I got them this morning. The cookies are not cheap, but they are well worth it!
Before visiting the store i thought the cookie might be too sweet from looking at the pictures, but boys was I wrong. The chocolate chip walnut cookie was Perfect and best I have ever had. You just have to try it and u will know it is totally worth it!
DEFINITELY THE BEST COOKIES EVER!! Worth every penny!! Personally love the dark chocolate chocolate chip and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip!! I am inlove!! Eating their cookies is one of the best decisions I've made in my life!! It's crunchy on the outside but really soft on the inside. Gaaah!! Delicious in every sense of the word. Happiness in every bite. I can go on and on!!!! Why are you still reading??? Just buy the cookies and try them yourself!
After everything I'd heard about Levain, I was almost expecting to reach instant enlightenment upon walking in the door. The aroma was divine. I enjoyed the cookies very much (tried chocolate chip walnut and double chocolate chip -- couldn't decide which I liked better). The whole little excursion was a wonderful excuse to walk across Central Park and be outside on a gorgeous day. However, I have not escaped samsara, nor can I end the suffering of all beings. I am working on it, though. And once in a while, when I need a few thousand calories to keep up my strength in this life, a cookie from Levain may help me.
I'm not even a big desert guy.  To me, SWEET is a distant second to SAVORY, but these cookies are amazing!!!   Not a great variety, but what they do - they do SUPERBLY!  Sometimes less is more. It's easy to miss this place because it's a small basement bakery on 74th between Amsterdam and Columbus (closer to Amsterdam), but do yourself a favor and FIND IT.  Soon.
The Levain Bakery is close to central park and the american museum of natural history. You can combine going to this bakery very nicely with a visit there. You go down some stairs before you enter the little bakery. It was very crowded on a Monday afternoon (although there was no line outside) and will most likely be even more crowded at the weekend. The cookies we got have been excellent and I was very glad that I went here. Another neat thing about the place is that they have a camera that you can check in the internet. So you can tell your friends when you are there and they can see you on their webpage.
Where do I even start? Want a cookie the size of a baseball that will barely fit in your hand? Want a cookie that is freshly baked with the chocolate still melted in the middle? If you love chocolate chip cookies or just have a sweet tooth, look no further.
Cheers to Levain for creating the only cookie that has ever defeated me.  It's a true feat to eat one of these [1/2] softball-sized cookies in a sitting.  I almost always get to the last two bites and just can't fathom fitting anymore delicious chocolatey walnut goodness into my stomach.   My recommendation is to go on a weekend morning (any time before 1pm) when there's a constant flow of traffic, a short 3-5 person line, and the cookies are still warm & a touch gooey in the middle...   and then split one with a friend.  It'll also help those on a tighter budget to justify paying $4 for a cookie...  although, in my eyes, it's totally worth it.   The chocolate walnut is my favorite although people who love peanut butter & chocolate frequently seem to be bigger fans of that one.  The dark chocolate & chocolate was even too chocolatey & sugar-filled for my chocoholic dessert-loving friend and I.
Delicious! Found this place on Yelp while in NYC staying on the UWS. I dunno if I would travel out of the way to go to this place but since I was in the area I had to try it. It is pretty amazing. Once I got back to Virginia I immediately searched for copycat recipes to get my fix. The only bad thing is that the bakery leaves a bit to be desired. It would be nice to have an area where you could sit down and gorge.
These are not cookies, these are deep dish chocolate chip cakes!  So delicious... I tried the chocolate chip, peanut butter chocolate, the dark chocolate... all delicious.  One cookie is like a meal!
Accidently found this place a few years go getting lost trying to find Fairway market for breakfast.  Got to Fairway and they stop serving breakfast at a certain time so we decided to get some milk and cookies for lunch.  It was simple awesom.  Go for the Chocolate, chocolate chip cookie its the best.
Best cookies ever! Robust, warm, and crunchewy. Great way to win points with the wife.
Best cookie ever? I can sum it up in these words: Hands down, Absitively posolutely. Forget everything you have ever known about cookies because they will knock your socks off.  Are they better than sex? Well, that's debatable... but if you find yourself rolling your eyes and proclaiming your faith to a deity after just one bite, chances are you're on the right track. It is ginormous, the cookies, that is... (and they're served warm and fresh off the rack not long after they've been out of the oven) from the chocolate chip walnut, to the oatmeal raisin, dark chocolate peanut butter chip.  The scones and brioche are also nothing to sneeze at... they're just as worthy of your attention. For drinks, they offer just about anything, even whole milk, if you so choose. The space is below ground and small, so expect a fast-moving crowd... and a small counter, but I've been fortunate to catch them at the most opportune times to avoid lines. A final word of caution.  Be prepared to never look at another cookie the same way again. Your perception of cookies will be ruined I tell you. RUINED!
These gigantic cookies are heaven with a cup of coffee.  And the staffs are super friendly.
Foolishly idealistic or not, I'm a big believer in paying it forward; a good act is best appreciated when it is not only reciprocated, but when it is continued. And Levain Bakery, a charming little store operating from an Upper West Side basement, is proof that karma works and paying it forward has its returns. Let's say Levain Bakery is the epicenter of good will. They have a friendly and helpful staff that greet you with a smile every time. And though their menu isn't very diverse, all the baked goods that they do have are perfected to the last chocolate chip or fleck of sesame. Their breads are flavorful, crispy on the outside, and orgasmically soft on the inside. The jelly filled Italian donuts, bombolonis, are soft, chewy, and airy. And then there are their cookies. So big and so good, it's like fudge brownie soft in the middle.  They're exactly what everyone else said already-- massive, insanely delicious, absurdly glorious, amazing, amazing, amazing. Hands down, the best cookies I've ever had. In a traditional store-customer symbiotic relationship, the vendor gives impeccable service and treats and the customer returns the favor through loyalty. With Levain's out of this world goodness, you're motivated to pay it forward. Not only do I stop by here as much as I can, I also buy those cookies for everyone for any occasion. Forget flowers, Levain's cookies can do no wrong. And everyone that I've paid it forward to, have also paid it forward, introducing family members, friends, and colleagues to the glory of Levain. But there are returns for paying it forward as well. For Levain, it's obvious-- more fanatically loyal customers. My story is a bit longer. I had wanted to buy these cookies for my friend and on her request, bought 15 for her coworkers because it was right before Fashion Week and everyone at her fashion PR company wanted to kill themselves or another. Apparently they loved them so much; I've been getting thank you emails from complete strangers, and heard of how people from other floors tried to steal these cookies. My friend told me, while laughing, of how skinny fashionistas were cramming the cookies into their mouth, because if they didn't finish it, someone else would steal them. And for my efforts of bringing the cookies down, I got tickets to the fashion week and the after parties. Not bad, huh? So now that I've told you--  go out, eat a cookie, and pay it forward. ** P.S.: They won the throw down against Bobby Flay, if that impresses you at all.
So I went hear before setting off to Gray's Papaya. For $4 a cookie, I would normally only get one, but since it was a trek to get here, I opted to try two. I got the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie. I have a huge sweet tooth and 1 cookie was more than enough to hit the spot. This place is tiny, very few tables if you wanted to get a coffee and avoid eating your cookies in the cold. If you're a fan of crunchy cookies (I am), you may be a little disappointed. Both of the cookies I bought have the same basic form. Above average in diameter, but what was really surprising was the height of the cookie. Seeing a more dome shaped cookie rather than a flat toppish cookie made me wonder the consistency of the inside. The exteriors of the cookies have crispy edges. A stark contrast to the much softer inside. I would like to say my cookies were slightly undercooked, but I think that's just because I like my cookies with more of a crunch. The chocolate chip walnut was great, I would prefer it without nuts, but that's just me. I didn't really care for the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie. I thought that the peanut butter chips were overpowering. If you love peanut butter, this might be right up your alley, but it was too much PB for me. Only ate about 1/4 of that cookie. Final Impression:  Because I like crunchy cookies and the $4 price tag is a little high (even for gourmet cookies), I give this 3 stars. Very good cookie overall, but these aren't even close to the best I've ever had. I've stated my taste preferences above, so keep that in mind. I would come back to get another one if I were nearby, but these don't warrant their own separate trip.
This is a cramped little place because Mr. and Mrs. Levain decided to devote the majority of the space to their kitchen operation.  You come here and you know immediately that the appeal here is its food, and food alone.  want to sit? you can sit outside on the bench and hope it's not freezing cold.  want to be inside?  you can stand at the counter, but be on your way or get more food.   but i can put up with this remarkably group un-friendly place because their oatmeal raisin cookie has a unique combination of soft dough interior and crispy exterior.  if i hadn't stuffed myself silly right before coming here, i definitely would have eaten my entire cookie in one inhalation.
It's really not a store. You stand in line and order a cookie and squeeze out.. I wasn't too impressed initially especially since one cookie cost $3. I ordered the chocolate chip walnut and my friends ordered the oatmeal raisin and double chocolate (?). however, my chocolate chip walnut cookie was warm and so gooeyyy and served with a smile! It's also made so you can't really finish it in one sitting. I nibbled on it the whole day. So I can justify the price tag. The cookie gets better and I finished my friend's oatmeal raisin cookie the next day. Pretty big deal since I hate raisin and oatmeal.
I really wanted to take a picture, but the walnut-chocolate chip cookie was way gone by the time I remembered... True, not cheap. But worth every cent in crumbs! My favorite is the cho-chip brioche but you need to be an early riser for those. They run out quickly. The place is tiny, but the smell will carry you over. Friendly staff, great coffee, and the BEST cookies around. They will be opening another location in Harlem soon.
I was in the UWS to see a friend play bassoon.  I had decided to make the trek up there so I might as well finally try out Levain while I was nearby.  After the concert, he said, oh and there's a bakery I need to go to before I head back to Brooklyn, so I knew it was the day that I would try the famous Levain cookie.  While the cookie was quite expensive for just a cookie, it was $3.75 of chocolatey goodness.  While I won't constantly find myself taking the 2 train all the way to 72nd every week for a cookie, I will definitely make sure to stop in every time I am nearby.  All the breads and other items looked delicious as well.
A little lump of heart attack.  But how could something so wrong be so right?  Yes, the price is prohibitive and so are the calories--- and that's why it is a heavenly treat, rather than a regular daily snack.
I walked past there today on my way to an appt. But, had a tummy ache so couldn't stop for a cookie. But, I had my first one last year when I was having a particularly bad day-a friend brought me one. And, it was the best darn chocolate chip cookie I have EVER had (second place goes to specialties bakery in san francisco)! It lifted my spirits right away! Try and get 'em when they are right out of the oven. I know I am, as soon as my tummy ache goes away.
Im not exaggerating when i say that this is THE BEST cookie i have ever had!!!!!!!  I have yet to try any flavor besides the double chocolate chip but they all look amazing.  WHen you break open the cookie the chips just ooze and the center is doughy and amazinggggg.  This place is A MUST to anyone who is in the city!
COME HERE... for the cookies. Don't expect a normal cookie, you'll be grandly disappointed. These babies are heavy duty, no joke. One is enough to have you screaming for milk. Chocolate chip walnut is the most popular. The peanut butter chocolate is sinfully decadent: whatever cookie you get, it's a minefield of choco or peanut butter chips. My friend ordered a box and it was like lifting weights. 4 stars because I couldn't finish it. I'd probably have to skip a meal to not go overboard on the calories. Enjoy at your own discretion. (Or die trying) **Long wait & pricey, but worth the experience..
An hour before they close on a Sunday night and still a line stretches out the door onto the street. Levain is extremely small so I'm sure that happens all the time, but the flow in and out of customers was pretty non-stop. Shout-out to the employees being nice and cheerful even at the end of the day. I went with the walnut chocolate-chip as it is a "bucket-list item". It redefined the term "cookie" for me. I sincerely thought she messed up and gave me a muffin when I looked in the bag. Freakin' huge. Not having much of a sweet-tooth, it was really good but not something I would get regularly or even again. I can see the undeniable appeal though. It's cool that they make the outside baked and crunchy but the inside almost raw and melted. It's like the grilled cheese of cookies.
Another unforgettable cookie experience! You walk into the basement bakery on the Upper West Side and the aroma of freshly baked cookies and breads captures your senses immediately. There's a lot of hustle bustle as dedicated staffers are working their magic on the dough, switching off timers, moving breads in and out of the oven, etcetera etcetera. But all of this becomes fuzzy when the sight rests on racks of magnificent cookies. The biggest cookies I've seen in my life, and also close to the best. These monsters are huge: weigh six ounces, are almost three inches in diameter and are atleast an inch thick. I had done my homework and built up an appetite by walking sixty blocks, instead of taking the subway. I started with the sourdough pizza (Olive and goat cheese: good ), moved on to the highly recommended sour dough roll with Valrhona Chocolate (below expectations - I think they were out of line because someone had said this is their version of Pain Au Chocolat - just an unfair comparison), and quickly moved on to the cookies. But, the cookies were in a different stratosphere - what a combination of crispy and crunchy exterior with a soft  and chewy interior, together with generous chunks of moist chips inside. The dense cookies have perhaps the highest ratio of  chips / raisins to dough that I've seen. The cookies are available in 4 varieties: Chocolate Chip Walnut, Oatmeal, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. Each one of them has its own fan following, but the  chocolate chip walnut is still the crown jewel. Before ordering, I asked if this was the right time for fresh cookies. The server was sweet enough to go back for warmer trays and brought me some from a fresher batch. Yaaay!! I thought the service was attentive and pleasant - almost cheerful. But, yes everyone is busy with their other/baking duties as well. A few minutes after me, another guy came in and after a few seconds bristled at having to wait while my cappuccino was being prepared. So, someone else came up from the back of the shop for his order. "About time, could I have a walnut chocolate chip cookie?". The girl looked at the two roses he had placed on the counter, and enthusiastically said, "Ooh..someone is getting roses AND a cookie". To which Mr. sourpuss remarks gruffly "Nope, the cookie is for me". As the girl walks away, I thought "It seems the flowers are too, buster" . But, back to the cookies: I couldn't finish two - and ended up taking them back home. A few seconds of microwave did them good later, as I shared them with friends. But would I prefer these to all the other cookies in NY? Not sure. Sampling a Jacques Torres Mudslide cookie (a chocoholic's delight) or a Petrossian Double Chocolate Pecan doesn't require you to wear stretch garments afterwards. As the saying goes, "These cookies are so rich, they need their own private banker!" Ok, that's not a saying really...but it fits Levain's cookies. So, while I do prefer Levain's cookies to Bouchon's (similarly crisp and chewy) making these Top 3 (with Baked's), the favorite spot requires a fresh comparison with Jacques Torres'  Mudslide. The bigger issue with a Jacques Torres visit inevitably is: how does one sidestep the other delectable goodies? Sigh.... Update: I've killed the nagging doubts in my mind, by running a little longer! These cookies are incomparable!
Sconie, anyone? Yes I have renamed this delicious creation. Cookie simply wont do. This is not your average treat. With the outer firmness of a scone and the warm inner softness of a cookie, this is the best thing around. I bring these often to dinner parties as a pre-party treat or a sweet (with tea or coffee) dessert. If I could get my hands on their recipe, I'd patent my new name, and then I could open a Moni's Sconie's .... if only...
Please don't misread my 3 star rating. Yes, these are good cookies.  The staff is cute & when they handed me two cookies in a bag, they were still warm & melty. But $4 for a cookie?  Jacques Torres is very nearby & his gourmet cookies are only $2.75 each.  Downtown at Insomnia Cookies, you can get a $1 hot & fresh cookie.  So while Levain's cookie is gooey on the inside & crunchy on the outside, i wouldn't make another pilgrimage there. Cookies are HUGE!  They beg for an accompanying glass of milk or scoop of vanilla ice cream.
OH MY GOSH!!! Seriously the best cookie I've ever had. A few months ago my girlfriend sent these cookies from NY to SF via my husband and I thought she was over-hyping these cookies she had been telling me about. Well, I was happily caught off guard when I tasted the deliciousness myself. It looks like a scone / texture something between a brownie and a cookie and makes you feel warm and fuzzy. So when I went to NY last weekend, I made a trip to the upper west side from Murray Hill just for a cookie. Yup that's an hour round trip in the midst of the Puerto Rico day parade for a cookie! Lets just say other cookie shops just don't taste the same. I went to Chelsea Market the day before and had 3 CC cookies from 3 different, very highly rated establishments thinking someone else out there has to be able to make lavaine bakery style cookies. After many cookies and calories, I've decided there is nothing else out there like Lavaine! I may have brought a few back to the west coast to spread the love. This is a must try if in NY!
Love love love Levain Bakery. The BEST giant chocolate chip walnut cookies ever.
Possibly best chocolate chip cookies in the world.  There are only two other cookies I have found that rank even close. The brioche is also fantastic!
oh em gee: a chocolate chip cookie as big a a muffin top, loaded with walnuts and chocolate... this is everything that is good and right with the world. my bf has brought me Levain cookies from NYC (we live in L.A.), and they were wonderful, but they are sooooo much better when eaten fresh from the bakery! they were still slightly warm and the chocolate chips were all gooey. wowww. i usually tend to like a thinner, chewier choc chip cookie, but the combination of the crusty outside of the cookie and the doughy middle is truly fantastic. we were staying less than a block from the shop, so we got breakfast there twice in five days (sinful!). we walked many miles to burn off all those calories ;P The first day we shared a cc cookie and a slice of the sour cream coffee cake. the cake was yummy, but the cookie was my fave. and the second time we shared the cinnamon butter brioche and a cc cookie. the brioche was like a really delicious, buttery doughnut. the bioche is super soft and oozing with a sticky cinnamon butter glaze, and the whole thing is dusted with superfine sugar. mmm... loved it. i still can't say i liked it more than the cookie though...
So my boyfriend has been bugging me about going to Levain for days and finally we decided to check it out on his birthday last week. They have four kinds of cookies and we tried three: Chocolate Chip Walnut, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip.  I don't have a sweet tooth so I was only able to finish a quarter of my dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie.  My boyfriend plowed through his peanut butter cookie in ten minutes and then screamed for water. Yes, it was the gooiest cookie  I've ever had. Yes, it was a big cookie. But heck, I don't see myself coming back for another $4 cookie. So....If you are a cookie monster like my boyfriend and can dish out 4 bucks for ONE cookie, you would definitely love this place. If you don't have the sweet tooth to begin with and/or don't have that kind of $$ to spend on ONE cookie, not recommended.
great dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie
HEAVEN. These cookies are the gold standard. Flour, butter, sugar, and chocolate never tasted so good. Seriously. One bite of these and your eyes will roll back and you'll be left speechless. A friend and I shared the dark chocolate peanut butter and the chocolate chip walnut. I can't pick which one I like better. Both were just phenomenal. So gooey and warm. Damn it, I wish I was eating one right now.
So one of the only few times i'm in upper manhattan, I finally was able to stop by here with some friends. I would have to say these cookies are amazinggggggggg. I had the chocolate chip with walnut cookie. $4 a cookie is pricey, but they're hugeeeee! They are so gooey on the inside with a light crispy outside. Although after eating half, I wanted a glass of milk. I don't think I would be able to handle the double chocolate ones XD. But, I'd totally come back here again!
Running diary of my first encounter with Levain's chocolate peanut butter cookie. Saturday, 4PM - I leave my apartment on my way to Levain after reading all the Yelp reviews on it.  Cookie likely leaves Levain's oven. Saturday 4:10PM - I turn the corner of 74th and Amsterdam and Levain is right there a couple steps below street level.  I open the door and get blasted by this wonderful bakery smell.  Looking at the two people behind the counter,  I wonder how someone can work in an environment like this and concentrate.  It's the aromatic equivalent to working on a construction site where they are jackhammering.  Maybe they have noseplugs?   Saturday 4:11PM - I scan the place.  Snug.  A couple sits enjoying their food.  Definitely not a place with space for loitering.  Behind the counter I see some muffins, some loaves of bread, and the cookies I came for.  The woman behind the counter is taking care of a cookie order so the guy manning the ovens comes over to help.  I order the chocolate peanut butter cookie and, lucky for me, they have some straight out of the oven.  I get it to go.  $3.50 - kinda steep.... Saturday 4:12PM - I get outside and look down in the bag.  This cookie isn't going for style points.  It's an amorphous blob of dark chocolate with specs of peanut butter.  Two fingers thick.  I dig in for my first bite and it puts up less resistance than i thought.  It's like I grabbed into the middle of a cake.  Pop the chocolate/peanut butter piece in my mouth.  Oh, man, this is really good.  I go for second and third trials. Saturday 4:14PM - It occurs to me that I'm eating a chocolate cookie out of a bag a couple blocks away from the Dakota.   The Beatles song 'Ballad of John & Yoko" starts playing in my head.  (youtube.com/watch?v=_t3o…) (sing365.com/music/lyric.…    )  Doesn't Lennon also name check Amsterdam in that song and I'm walking on Amsterdam Ave?  This is getting eerie.  Lucky for me, I cannot put a similar connection to the nearby Hummus Place & Josie's and I'm able to focus again on the cookie. Saturday 4:15PM - Decide to leave the rest of the cookie for later. Saturday 4:30PM - Get home.  Put the cookie in a bag and put it on top of the fridge. Saturday 4:31-5:59PM - Furtively glance in the cookie's direction.   Saturday 6PM - A quick bite before I go for dinner.  Still very moist.   Saturday 6:01PM - 11:59PM - Dinner and some drinks with occasional mental flashes to the cookie sitting on top of the fridge. Saturday 12PM - Get home.  Finish it off.  The outside now has some crunch to it but the inside is still soft.  I think I might prefer it this way - less molten-ness. Saturday 12:53PM - Oh, christ....I'm gonna need some shots or a Tylenol PM to counteract this sugar rush. (Other notes: The chocolate chip walnut and chocolate chocolate chip are very good and very big but not as great as the chocolate peanut butter.  Oatmeal raisin is more like a scone (albeit a good scone) than a cookie.   The blueberry muffin is nothing to write home about.)
For my birthday in 2009, the guy I was dating at the time organized a little adventure. I had to guess where we were going based on clues and he made a list of little things I wanted, but didn't realize it. He drew a map that went up to 74th st on our way to where I knew we were ultimately going, the Bronx Zoo. I was confused why we were stopping at a little bakery on the Upper West Side - until I saw the cookies. Knowing I didn't like cake, he had taken me to this bakery his mum heard about I think. We each got a huge, delicious, fat, chewy cookie and sat outside to eat them before continuing our journey to the zoo. It really was one of the best cookies I've ever eaten. The bakers and staff were sweet and patient considering how hectic it was in there too.
So .. I'm from the west coast.. and it's my first time to NY and my sister lives on the upper east so my Mom and I decide to go to this bakery to buy some cookies bc I heard they were so hot on Yelp and everywhere else So we take the bus across town to the cookie place and holy shit their $4 a cookie but we have to get them bc we have to try it.  So I buy a dozen, 3 of each, because I'm thinking I want to bring back some to the OC for my fiance who loves cookies.  And we also get thier rasberry jelly doughnut thing which I forgot what its called. So then I said .. lets just walk back to the east side, it cant be that hard going through the park.  *dumb idea* so then we get lost and it takes us FOREVER to get to the other side, but as soon as I see 5th avenue its like an "aha we made it!" moment.  Oh and did I mention its like 40 degrees and my dumbass isn't wearing a jacket? and the strings from the levain bakery box are cutting through my frozen hands.. well anyway .. to the cookie review!  after all that hurrah in GETTING the cookie i have to say it WAS ALL WORTH IT .. hands down THE BEST chocolate chip cookie i've had.  I mean, it has ALOT of butter, and I mean ALOT but it tastes so good!! and the fiance loved all the other cookies too, the peanut butttery one especially (and hes a big cookie person).  The jelly doughnut was really yumm too.   for $4 a cookie, I mean it was expensive, but I guess they can charge that much bc of all their fame .. and it really isn't a cookie you can eat in one sitting, unless .. well there are a lot of reasons unless .. but I can't .. its just too rich and i'd feel too guilty!! but seriously .. worth it, even for just a taste Next time .. I'll take the bus, both ways.
I FINALLY CAME HERE!!!!!!!!!!! ok. why are you delicious cookies so expensive? and unfortunately, it was smaller than i had imagined... BUT. I CAN'T HELP IT. it was the most yummy cookie i've ever had. perfect balance of sweetness and baked PERFECTLY. i bake a lot. these cookies were perfectly baked with a nice exterior and not too under cooked on the inside, but enough to give you a gooey texture. im drooling as i think about these. the walnuts were a perfect crunch factor and besides the fact that i could eat this every 30 minutes for the rest of my life yet regret it since i'm always "on a diet".... these are the best cookies. ever. and i got a t shirt. the shirts are the cutest things EVER. seriously. look at them. haha
It is a mystery as to how Levain Bakery gets their cookies golden brown and crunchy on the outside and gooey, yet cooked on the inside. I don't know how they do it, but it is worth the trip to NYC and the upper West Side to find out. The chocolate chip w walnuts was our favorite followed by dark chocolate chip brownie cookie w peanut butter chips as a close second.
Without a doubt the best cookie I have ever had. I settled on the chocolate chip walnut concoction. I bit in and perfect...a crispy warm crust that gives way to a gooey, chocolatey warm center. Every bite is eye rolling decadence. Definitely good for sharing, which should be expected at $4 a pop.
Levain Bakery, their cookies are HUGE, I got the Oatmeal Raisin and it was simply delicious. Everyone I was with also agreed (and they were all initially against getting it!)
It was a small space, and to me it didn't look like a fine bakery of divine cookies.  Yet the cookies were absolutely delicious.  They were sweet morsals that were huge.  It was four bucks a cookie, yet worth every bite.  They are by far the best cookies I have ever bought, almost as good as the one my mom makes.  I definitely recommend it.
THE BEST CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES EVER! I tried the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookies and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip and both were amazingly delicious! I highly recommend Levain for any choco-holic.
THE BEST COOKIE OF MY LIFE. I was skeptical of the reviews, but Levain Bakery lives up to the hype. There was a line when I visited, but it moved quickly. I shared the oatmeal, chocolate, and dark chocolate cookies with my sister. The cookies were everything a cookie should be: slightly crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and melting with chocolate. The cookie was the size of a scone or large brownie. One is enough to fill you, so share if you're looking to have more than one flavor.
Huge Huge Awesome cookies. I usually don't take oatmeal cookies but this is something different. Legit. Brioche's are awesome. No need to say more. If you visit NYC, Check this place out.
So maybe one Levain cookie is the size of a tennis ball, about 1,000+ calories and will ruin your diet and strip your wallet of four whole dollars, but dammit, it is decadently empowering.  You've never quite had a cookie like this before. I really like how there is no concept or decor to this place, since all they do is churn out batches and loads of cookies and there is absolutely no need for fanciful interior design.  The product is what draws the masses to Levain's.  It is no wonder this bakery looks like a kitchen in a school cafeteria and no one's complaining.   I have seen people come here to get cookies in their gym clothes, in full compliance and knowledge that these gooey, soft and doughy treats will end up on their buns and thighs.  Maybe that is the twisted motivation behind working out.  I will eat this cookie, and hit the treadmill for a 3-mile run, only to negate 1/3 of the calorie consumption of this sinful morsel.  Maybe even less than a third!  So be it, life's too short not to indulge in a Levain's cookie, especially when they are THAT good.   My favorite is their most popular cookie, the "Chocolate Chip Walnut with semi-sweet chocolate chips and chunks of walnuts", second would be the "Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip".  I'm not too crazy about the Oatmeal raisin.  But, the best feature of a Levain cookie is its texture.  It's delicately crisp on the outside, and plump and moist in the center, as if the dough is not fully cooked through.  They have somehow, managed to obtain the perfect degree of ambiguous doneness to keep your head guessing, but your mouth watering. If you have a sweet tooth like this one over here (timidly points to self), Levain's cookies should settle all your sugary urges.
This place is pretty hard to miss since it is downstairs and a tiny little shop. It is a very quaint cute place that you would imagine as a NY mom and pop shop. They only have four types of cookies to choose from- chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and dark chocolate peanut butter. Being the PB junkee I am, I for sure had to get the dark chocolate peanut butter and everyone raves about the chocolate chip walnut so I got those two monsters. These cookies are huge! They are not flat even cookies but tall bumpy monsters indeed. Personally, I thought the walnut one was alright but I was definitely feeling the dark chocolate peanut butter. It was pretty fresh so the PB was melting and coming out of the cookie. Oh myyyy it was delicious! I had pieces of it right before dinner and since they are so massive, it sort of ruined my appetite. I had the other half when I was hungry and it was just as good! My mouth is watering again haha. They still cannot beat my Specialty's cookies with the cookie to chocolate ratio but these are still good. They are pretty expensive as well- $4 a pop so maybe you should just stick with one. The calorie content on these puppies must be ridiculous but yolo. **TIPS** 1) Skip on the chocolate walnut and just get the delicioussss peanut butter chocolate chip cookie! 2) Enjoy!
I initially balked at the price.  $4 for a cookie!?  I can get a meal for that in Chinatown, come on.  But then I ate one.  And... who needs congee when you can eat a massive cookie for lunch!? Levain cookies are thick and dense, leaving a slightly raw interior that satisfies the 'i just want to eat straight dough' craving you might have.  I liked the oatmeal raisin but LOVED the chocolate walnut.  It had the perfect texture with just the right amount of chocolate spread throughout, breaking into visible melty goodness when bitten.   The Bottom Line:  If you're willing to spend $4 on a cookie, this is the place to do it.
Cute little bakery in the Upper West Side. Would recommend getting there earlier in the morning because when we arrived after lunch, they had run out of some items. 4 stars for the double chocolate chip cookies. The other baked items we got were just ok... Wonder if they would have been better/fresher in the morning.
Ooohhh those are some delicious cookies!!  I love all the ones with dark chocolate in them, all the varieties - choc with nuts, choc with peanut butter, double choc! bring it ON! I wish they sold these in smaller sizes though so I don't feel so guilty eating them. They are delicious but do feel really really heavy after having HALF of one.. I don't want to see the process of baking them, can only imagine the amount of butter and sugar! Some of them could be less sweet too.. but regardless I can't resist giving this place a full-star rating.
Almost fainted with delight from the wonderful smell in the doorway.. Heaven! It was late and they had no breads left but there were cookies coming out of the oven. The oatmeal raisin are fabulous, the chocolate peanut butter Chip great but really rich and the chocolate chocolate chip was decadent (no I didn't eat all three but sampled pieces!) They were all good, No chocolate chip/walnut available snif. Crunchy exterior moist interior like cookies should be and fresh out of the oven is hard to beat... favorite tho' was the oatmeal raisin, I could eat a whole one but not a whole one of either of the chocolates. Will have to try the chocolate chip/walnut now :-) BUT SURPRISE! BETTER than the cookies are the oatmeal raisin scones.. I LOVE scones and have had my fill of ok scones and terrible scones here in NYC. These are the BEST scones ever. I might not go back for cookies but I will for the scones! I would walk through sleet for their scones :-) UPDATE: So I keep finding excuses to go by there... their scones. not as great cold in the late afternoon as at other times of the day (do they publish their baking schedule? LOL) but i did try their choc chip cookie.. and even if I am not a fan of walnuts in my choc hip cookies I have to admit these are decadent... (I did get a scone to take home.. I tell you I am addicted... too bad or thank goodness I don't like their coffee that much!) oh and someone near and dear to me cracked me up with the following line "did you bring any turds with you?" (explanation: he has declared that Levain cookies look like perfect little turds.. but delicious ones ;-)
OK so it does live up to the hype! Sooo deliciously warm and gooey Choco Chip Walnut cookie!! Seriously the best cook I've ever had! They are massive and super sweet so it's not a cookie I could eat on a regular just a nice rare treat and a fun venture for when friends or family are in town visiting! :)
The cookies are great. No doubt about it. Yum Yum Yum. Just watch all those calories go straight to my back end. Definitely a decadent splurge and treat to yourself on a day when you need a pick me up or any other day you like. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars: not everyone likes nuts in their choc chip cookies. So - if you're one of those folks... be forewarned. You may be limited to other choices. The cookies I did get and try were all moist, great texture of a bit of crunch on the outside, chewy on the inside. Not sickeningly sweet but very rich and decadent. Great for sharing - hard to justify eating the whole thing by yourself.... :-) But I won't blame anyone for trying. YUM. If you're on the UWS - please try one and do yourself a favor - walk to whatever your next destination is so you can ease the guilt.
Good night!!  The best cookies I have ever eaten.  I've had the chocolate chocolate chip and the chocolate peanut butter chip.  Both are good, but my heart belongs to the chocolate peanut butter.  Best combination ever.  Stopped by twice while in NY for the weekend.  Service was fine both times.  This is definitely going to be a must stop location each time I'm in town!
$4.00 a cookie -  most people would think you're crazy to pay that price. But you'd pay that much for a slice of cake, so why not a huge and scrumptious Levain cookie? I've tried all 4 of their cookies and they're pretty good. If you're looking for a homey fluffy cookie the size of your fist with quality ingredients, this is your place. My boyfriend and I trek all the way to the Upper West Side just to grab a bite!
Good and heavy cookie! It wasn't too bad but i couldn't eat it alone by myself, it was si huge. If you want to try a good cookie from nyc, it is the place to go but i couldn't eat it everyday...
So I started to run (and not just from the law) returned to the gym (unless something better is on TV) cut down on the meat and eat healthier, reduce my booze intake (to no more than 6 nights a week) and then... I get a job a few blocks from Levain. When I'm not picking up one of these monstrosities  for myself (think more the size of a scone than a traditional cookie) someone will inevitably bring them in, people so love to share the gluttony. I personally love the rawness of the dough, and the richness of the chocolate. While the size is intimidating, I haven't had problems finishing one (the less gluttonness  can probably share one cookie for 2 people). I do think the chocolate chip walnut is better than the dark chocolate chocolate chip. A new vice, just what I needed, Thanks Levain.
SOOO GOOD. SOOO EXPENSIVE. $4 A COOKIE?! Yeah ya heard me. But it's good. Warm and chewy in the middle, slightly crispy on the outer edges. It's thick too, like an inch high with 2 1/2 inch diameter. They make good gifts.
Really, what more needs to be said about Levain? Massive 6 ounce behemoths that look more like scones than cookies, these bad boys develop a nice crust on the outside that gives way to soft, gooey innards that aren't quite cooked through but not raw, either. It appears as if the cookies are baked throughout the day, so you will likely score warm cookies, when they are at their best because of the melty-ness (yeah, I just made up that word) imparted by the chocolate or peanut butter chips. My suggestion is that if you don't eat the cookie right away (blasphemous, I know), then you should give the cookie a quick run through the toaster oven to warm it up and get the gooeyness factor going again. Warm and melty chocolate or peanut butter chips beat non-melty chips 10 times out of 10. Fact. Of the four cookies offered, I have tried the Chocolate Chip Walnut, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, and the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip, and all three were absolutely delicious. I'm a bit of a peanut butter whore, so my favorite was the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter, but really, you cannot go wrong with any of them. I would not be surprised if the Oatmeal Raisin cookie is great, too, but let's be serious, Oatmeal Raisin doesn't stand a chance against the other three because, well, chocolate and peanut butter chips beat raisins 10 times out of 10. Also fact. As for the price, $4 may seem a bit steep for a cookie, but when you consider that it is more than twice the size of any other bakery's cookie, it really is not actually all the expensive relative to its size. Bottom line: Levain makes some seriously tasty cookies, and you should check them out for yourself.
I've returned. The cookies are still the best. And that cinnamon or chocolate chip brioche bread is pretty amazing too! Thank goodness I don't live near here so I really have to do a cost-benefit analysis of making the hike up to UWS.
Best cookies on the planet. I saw this bakery on Throwdown! and had to check it out for myself when my fiance and I visited the city. We went on our way from columbus circle to our hotel on 94th and got one of each flavor of their cookies. Each one was amazing; walnuts fit perfectly with the chocolate chips, the oatmeal raisin are perfectly balanced, and the chocolate varieties are like super rich thick brownies and are amazing. We liked them so much that we stopped on our way from the hotel to penn station and got 6 more, and 2 are left and currently on the counter in our apartment waiting to be gobbled up. I rather eat these cookies day and night while in the city then take a chance at any other restaurants or cafes... perfect.
Eh, the cookies are alright. I was underwhelmed considering all of the hype surrounding this place. This is clearly another case of the blind leading the blind.  Can you say baaah?  I'm not following the herd this time around. I'm surprised so many people have never actually had a REALLY good cookie. Sure they're warm with melted chocolate but the dough had absolutely no flavor whatsoever and I'm not sure that it was cooked fully. Sorry but that's just gross. Honestly, I can have a better time with a roll of Nestle tollhouse from the grocery store for the price of just ONE of Levain's cookies. Sorry but this is just another hyped-up, overrated place. People please, stop the madness.
Best. choco. chip. cookie. ever. Rich, dense, moist, chewy and filled with chocolate.
Monstrous cookies. Tasty and molten in the center. Sugar Rush!
I have never had better cookies in my life! They are perfectly cooked. Huge cookies (1/2 lb each I've heard?!) but absolutely a party pleaser and such great taste. I would eat these everyday if I could!
Possibly the best cookies in town. No actually scratch that, they ARE the best cookies in the city! Get the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie, it's pure heaven.
OMGOSH. Levain. Let me count the ways... THE COOKIES HERE ARE AMAZING. I WANT TO LIVE HERE AND DROWN MYSELF IN A SEA OF THEIR AMAZING COOKIES. I'm normally a regular homemade chocolate chip cookies kinda gal, but things you must try here include their Double Chocolate Chip, The Chocolate Chip Walnut, The Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. These aren't your standard cookies - these are like the lovechild of cupcake tops (ahahahaha, anyone remember that Seinfeld episode?!), scones (only not hard and hockey puck-like) and regular grandma like cookies. Levain cookies are $4-5 a pop. Sure, that might sound a little ostentatious and overpriced - but these cookies are a force to be reckoned with in terms of flavor, ingredients, size, thickness and portion size. Each cookie is almost the size of my face, easily split-table by two people and each person would still be satisfied. With Levain's recipes producing such rich, decadent amazing-ness it's no wonder they've build such a great reputation in the cookie community (I made that up...I don't think there's such a thing as a "cookie community", but there damn well should be... #ThingsIShouldStart). Get Levain cookies when you're sad and need a pick-me-up, are in the neighborhood, are within transportation that can take you to the neighborhood, need or want a cookie, want to buy a gift, have $4 burning a hole in your pocket - you won't regret it :).
This quaint and charming artisan bakery at the Upper West Side definitely serves a wonderful array of fresh baked goodies.  Chief among them are the monster sized, super-chunky cookies, which actually bested Bobby Flay in a cookie Throwdown.  How they manage to keep these cookies chunky fat is beyond me, whenever I try to bake cookies, they always end up thin and flat like Chips Ahoy. Apparently, I should leave the baking to the experts, because Levain's signature chocolate chip walnut was absolutely, sinfully delicious.  The size didn't make it dry inside.  Actually, I enjoyed the moist and chewy center, while it stayed nicely crisp on the outside.  It was like the cookie was half baked, but it didn't have that raw cookie dough taste.  Super cool.  My only qualm was that I would have enjoyed mine slightly warmer and gooier.  No semi sweet chocolate chip goo for me.  Having seen the pictures here, it seems that's how they normally serve these cookies.   Can't say enough about the super-friendly staff (who were even steadfast in their refusal to accept a tip).  At the end of the day, all unsold goodies go to charity, so they can start from scratch again the following day.  Thumbs up for me.
Is it better to only do one thing but be the best at it, or do a lot of things and be pretty good at all of them? In life I'm the latter- I like to do a lot of things since variety is the spice of life. But Levain makes a strong case that the former can be better at times. Simply speaking, Levain's cookies were the best cookies I've had. Worth $4? Absolutely. The good: Perfect crispy crust, which breaks beautifully to soft chocolatey ooze upon your first bite. The flavors are perfect. The bad: That Levain isn't closer to where I am. The meh: I would say one cookie is probably enough sat fat for two days, but let's not ruin the moment.
You may have come here looking for reviews about their cookies.  I think you've come to the wrong place.  There are no cookies here.  Cookies are small, flat baked goods that have a small amount of chocolate or other filling.  Levain doesn't make cookies.   I don't think there's a word for the giant monster mouthgasmic awesomeness that are the products that this place produces.  But I suppose, for lack of a better term, cookie will have to suffice.   There really isn't much more to say about them.  Giant, moist, doughy, gooey monoliths of awesome. Totally unhealthy.  Good lord, how much butter and sugar and chocolate goes into these things. Just eat and don't ask questions.
I was a bit skeptical, but the Chocolate Chip Walnut is the best cookie I have ever eaten. A bit of crunch on the outside leads to a decadently-gooey and fluffy interior. The chocolate seems to always stay melty, and the smell conjures flashbacks of baking cookies at home. A delicious treat!
THE Best cookies on the earth! I did my usual pre-trip research and decided I had to squeeze a visit in when I last went to NYC. The cookies are huge, dense and rich. If you like gooey cookies, that are almost dough like, you have to try Levain. The outside is slightly crunchy. It is the perfect mix.... They are $4 each but well worth it. I live about 5 hours from the City and now wish I had stocked up and frozen some. I usually prefer as chocolate as you can get but surprisingly, I think the best one was the Chocolate with peanut butter chips.
Ok, the cookies are good, but $4 a cookie? Seriously? Not worth it. And why don't they offer a discount if you buy a dozen?? $48 for 12 cookies is just insane! It's just butter, sugar and flour!!! Go to Costco and get 2 dozen soft cookies for $6.
To find this bakery all you need to do is look for the crowd of happy people milling around on West 74th Street with smiles (and perhaps a little bit of chocolate) on their faces. This place is amazing! The chocolate chip walnut cookie is one of the best cookies I have ever had. A must on all trips to NYC.
I never quite understood the hype about this place. The cookies are good, but not anywhere near as good as the ones downtown at Bouley Bakery.
I admit the price seems a bit steep, but once you taste the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie you will be happy. It is so good! exactly what you would want a cookie to be, nice and crisp on the outside and soft and gooey chocolate chips on the inside. Although I have tried all of the cookie flavors, the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie is my favorite.
Amazing, cross between a cake and brownie, cookies are an understatement. The wait in line as their place is tiny is worth it. Four bucks spent for a delicious wonder in your mouth worth every penny . Wish they had more locations in the city though. When in the area, i plan a stop here always. Tried all of them and the chocolate peanut butter is the best. Tried their loaf cakes and not a big fan. So stick to the chewy cookie heavenly wonders! ;-)
$4 for a cookie?  That was my first reaction when we walked into the famed bakery on the upper west side.  Well, $16 later, we were sold. The chocolate peanut butter was absolutely decadent.  Warn and undercooked on the inside, it was hard to even call it a cookie.  Yes, go and get some cookies.  You will have a hard time eating one by yourself.  4 stars only because $4 is still too much for any cookie, even in New York.
I wouldn't call these cookies - I'd call them mountains. Mountains of flour, sugar, butter and yummy yum goodness!!! Oh my gosh, this was one of the best cookies I've ever had in my life (thank you cookie fairy)! I tried the dark chocolate peanut butter, which was like... an explosion of bunnies, candy, hundred dollar bills, and endless shoes in my mouth all at once. I'm certain one Levain cookie would fulfill more than my daily recommended value for most nutrients (and by nutrients I mean fat, carbs, and cholesterol), but it's so worth it. I will now be adding 'Unlimited Levain Dark Chocolate PB cookies' to my list of things I would take with me if I was stranded on a des(s)ert island. 5 stars. Now I must go drink 5 gallons of water and walk to Philadelphia and back to burn off that cookie.
I would cross Central Park any day, any time, just to have my taste buds go nuts for these cookies! I imagine this is how cookies in heaven taste like, no lie! I first tried them couple of years ago, double chocolate chip with coffee while they were still warm (still salivate thinking how good it was). Ever since, I make sure to bring 4-5 of them with me back to Toronto. I put them in the freezer and enjoy the taste for awhile. OKAY, ENOUGH, TURN THIS OFF AND GO BUY THEM!!!
$4 for a little piece of heaven. You can barely call these cookies... they really are more like pillows - huge, warm, gooey and soft to the bite. I've only had one other cookie that rivals this one at Little Brown on the UES. I'm also a fan of Ruby et Violette for more adventurous flavors.  I'm in love. The peanut butter cookie is awesome - the peanut butter isn't hard to the bite - it just melts in your mouth.  Beautiful.  You cannot forgo a chance to sample such legendary cookies.
Whether you pronounce it "Levane" or "Levahn", this is the spot for THE best cookies in New York.  A rare New York institution that lives up to all the hype.   The virtue of these treats lies in their size.  Just how are they able to cook all the way through??  These cookies are dense, chewy, and delicious.  My personal favorite is dark chocolate peanut butter but you can't beat the classic chocolate chip walnut either.   The big dilemma of these treats also lies in their size.  Can one afford (money + calories) more than one cookie?  Would it be embarrassing to start eating before one ascends back up the stairs?  Should one eat the entire cookie even though it would lead to hours of incapacitation?   Oh, sorry - I'm too busy getting chocolate everywhere to answer your questions.
If only I could burn calories fast enough to consume the yummy tent shaped cookies that levain turns out as frequently as I want. The best cookies in Noo York. Better than what mom makes.
If you haven't been here yet, come! Yes, the cookies are expensive. But you can certainly share one with a friend. I came after closing (7:15PM), so they only had walnut chocolate chip left. But they were still warm and amazing! I can't wait to come back and try my favorites - oatmeal raisin and dark chocolate peanut butter. Add Levain to your short list of dessert places to try.
When my fiancé suggested we go to to a place with $4 cookies, I almost choked. But then I bit into one. All I have to say is I would walk from downtown to get a cookie at Levain Bakery. I might even walk from Ft. Lauderdale.
I feel terrible that it's taken me this long to write a review, as I've been enjoying Levain's deliciousness for over a year now. It's just the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had. Period.  I've tried the dark chocolate-chocolate chip and the dark chocolate-peanut butter cookies as well and they were also scrumptious, but I have a special place in my heart for the chocolate chip-walnut.  Never tried the oatmeal raisin, but hear it's also good.  In the words of my boyfriend (sitting right here) "Their worst cookie is better than anyone else's best.". Unfortunately for my waistline, I just got a job two blocks away.
Simply the BEST cookies in the world.  They even serve milk, coffee, and espresso!  There are a couple stools at a small counter inside as well as a bench on the sidewalk.  Levain cookies never fail to brighten my day and fill my stomach!  Always crunchy on the outside and gooey on the inside, almost always still warm.  HIGHLY recommended!
I've been dreaming about these cookies for quite some time! I got the dark chocolate chip cookies with peanut butter and the classic walnut chocolate chip. I got to eat them in Central Park. I headed out to a bar an hour later and had the bartender and people I was sitting next to try some. They all raved about the cookies! I ate the cookies a few days later and they were still so delicious. I made my roommate crave some, so she ended visiting the store and getting a fresh batch for the house! MMmMMmm SO GOOD!
I don't think you need more of the same kind of reviews "Amazing!" BUT...I must! LB cookies are not a cookie anymore. It's more than that! It's so American that I definitely bring my oversea friends when they come to taste something American! One piece might be too much (size wise for Europeans or Japanese) but it's definitely shareable, two, three or even four people. I am not so much of a sweet person but I ate whole thing! It took time for me but slowly walking through Central Park to Met, I finished everything and wanted more! What I got was chocolate chip with walnut cookie because I enjoy anything with texture (walnut). I tasted my friends chocolate chip cookie and double chocolate cookie - wow!
At a photo shoot for work, someone asked me, "If a movie were made about your life, who would be cast to play you?" What a silly icebreaker question. It's too easy to answer!                                     _    _   Hello, my name is Cookie Monster!                                     ( . ) ( ' )    /               You ate MY cookie.                                /  ___   \    .---.               Prepare to die.                   .---.  _   \  '----'   /  ( : : : )                           ( : : : {   ' - `--=--` - '   }' ' `                  ` -- ' ` ' '  /            \' ' `               ------------------------------------ I mean, have you seen the size of the cookies at Levain Bakery? They're seriously Cookies of Unusual Size! I mean... they're big enough to please Fezzik! At $4 each, they cost a pretty penny for one cookie, but are well worth it as a special treat. The dark chocolate peanut butter cookie is super chocolaty, but the bitterness of the dark chocolate offsets the peanut butter beautifully. My favorite flavor would have to be the chocolate chip walnut cookie. Unless you're allergic to nuts, this cookie is a must have! Honestly? I would travel through eel-infested waters, scale the Cliffs of Insanity, and fight my way through the Fire Swamp for that cookie. What's that? You want to buy me a cookie as a thank you for such a helpful review? As you wish.
These are some killer cookies.  They are 5 star if you get them right out of the oven (still nice and goeey on the inside)!  It is really small, though, and you have to take your cookies to the park or home to eat them (park isn't too far, though).   The double chocolate is to die for.
I've found the best cookie in the world: Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookie. Life is complete. I may now die with no regrets.
I had hoped for better considering the reviews. The cookie was kind of bland and lumpy. Frankly the chocolate one looks like a big poop. The chocolate roll was literally a roll with a lump of melted chocolate inside. Meh. Highly overrated.
OMG YES   Chocolate peanut butter cookie was dense, rich and even approved by the chocolate hating bf.  Washed it down with cold milk.  Talk about decadent pleasures..The cookie was so big that I had to keep the other half in my purse and devoured the rest for dessert later.   I'm not even going to try to replicate it at home, because it would extremely dangerous if I succeeded.  Best cookie ever.
Everyone has already written that it's damn crazy people spend $4 bucks on a cookie.  If you read my previous Yelp review, you'll see $4 dollars will also get you a pile of dumplings and a water as well.  Anyway, the cookies are good.  They are so good my sister (a connoisseur of cookies) makes me buy a box every time I'm in NYC to bring back.  Since I'm such a loving brother, I go to the upper west side and buy cookies.  I'm fan of the oatmeal raisin.  Everyone loves the peanut butter and chip walnut, but these are good.  I had it with my coffee in the morning and it was a delicious breakfast.  I'll see you again Levain on my next  trip.
Line out the door is generally a good sign.  The cookies are fresh and yummy.  Pretty pricey though.  A must try!
Best cookie I have ever had!!!
amazing!  The cookies are as big as hockey pucks and so chewy... Eat while warm!
OMG.... If you check my reviews, I rarely give out 5-stars for anything... For a warm, fresh, delicious cookie, this place is as good as it gets! WOO HOO! I was skeptical at first, but after tasting their oatmeal raisin cookie ($4), I am convinced I have yet to experience a better tasting one - and that's from many different cities across the states. If you enjoy cookies .... you will not regret checking this place out... especially if you are visiting and want something slightly on the sweet side after a meal.
WOW the best cookies I have ever had. And I don't use that phrase lightly. Went at 9 am (had other plans all day and come on, who doesn't love cookies for breakfast?) and the line was out the door. Tried the classic levain (chocolate chip with walnuts) and the dark chocolate peanut butter. LOVED BOTH. I wish there was a chocolate chip without walnuts but hey life is hard. Some people were asking how long these cookies last, ie if you're in town and want to bring some back home. I think they are the best warm and hot (duh) but they did remain soft until 2 days later which is pretty impressive. I popped it in the microwave and almost relived the initial experience. WILL BE BACK SOON!
Much like General Gao's (Tso's to some), I also fancy myself a connoisseur of the oatmeal raisin cookie.  Levain's ORCs are absolutely the best I've ever eaten and I've had some pretty darn good ones in my day.  They get everything right.  Buttery, but not too buttery.  Sweet, but not too sweet.  Same goes for overall density, texture and the ever important "raisin factor."  Perfect.  I've yet to try it, but I bet these are ideal favor/bribe tokens. You like cookies?  Ok, then don't F around.  Get your A over to Levain's!  Pick up a loaf of fresh artisan bread while you're at it!  (They offer to slice.  So nice!)
I'm usually a dude of low expectations, because this makes me more likely to be impressed by something. Yesterday, my friend brought me here saying that his dad's co-worker said it had the best cookies in the world. And so it happened... I got hyped. I fully expected to be disappointed, but when I took my first bite into the chocolate chip walnut cookie, I became a believer. To me, it basically tasted like the best possible Mrs. Field's cookie with a crunchy outside and soft, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. Needless to say, it was like plunging into a heavenly mess of chocolate-covered garlic dipped in a bowl of jet fuel (figuratively). I foresee myself making many more trips here with friends and visiting family. Eating a cookie from this place was probably the 9th most enjoyable moment in my entire life.
Omg absolutely best cookies. They are crunchy and filled with chucks of chocolate. Highly recommended
One of the best cookies I've ever had.  Worth every little penny.  The different textures encompassing one cookie are incredible.  Each bite I took, was literally thinking "are you for real?" Yes, talking to a cookie!
My friend said this is where I will find the best cookie in NY... The chocolate chip walnut cookie is pretty good. I can't give 5 stars because I still haven't gone back, and I live 5 block away. It's just too rich and too much after about 3 bites. I also like the brioche with cinnamon butter. It's really good and fluffy, but again, it's enough after about 5 bites...
I am NOT a cookie person. However, I will go out of my way for Levain Bakery cookies! THEY ARE CRACK! Seriously, the most delicious, moist, decadent, thick, amazing cookies ever! Thank God my 2 month gig is over in NYC. I don't think my waistline can handle it!
Levain, hands down, has the best cookies in town! Their chocolate chip walnut and chocolate peanut butter cookies are absolutely amazing!! I've had the cookies here on several occasions throughout the past couple of years, and have been nothing short of amazed by them! Fabulous consistency, chew, crunch, and taste.
I almost missed this place as it is in a basement of a building and only had a handwritten sign outside.  I had the peanut butter cookie, and it was definitely rich and delicious.  You definitely need a glass of milk to put this cookie down.  It's not the size of your typical cookie nor is the price.
by far the best cookie on earth, first time customer here you must check this place out for yourself!!! omg i'm going there again!
We walked to Levain Bakery from central park. A kind lady sitting on her porch pointed us in the right direction :) thank you! Anyway, when we got there there was already a long line out the door (granted, the inside is small anyway but still). The cookies are expensive... but they're also MASSIVE. I swear eating one cookie made me so full. My favorite was the oatmeal cookie and the scone. Those were both delicious! The chocolate cookies were a bit too rich for me but I'm not a huge chocolate fan. Everything was delicious though :) I do highly recommend the scone! I feel like it's a bit underrated.
THE MOTHER OF ALL COOKIES. Levain Bakery became my "happy place" overtime in NYC. An abundance of feelings are attached to this place...for good or bad. These HUGE (like a chunky scone in your palm), WARM, SOFT ON INSIDE (despite the look of rough exterior), FRESH cookies are really perfect any time, period: ~ In the humid summer heat with a cup of cold milk walking around Upper West Side and needing some fuel. ~ Before or after catching the nearby 1, 2, 3 train on 72 Street. ~ When it's freezing cold, and you claim the narrow picnic bench outside with a warm gooey cookie with friend. ~ Looking out the barstool window, just savoring each and every bite alone before errands. Just a few more particular, personal moments: When my dad came to visit me over the summer...NYC humidity and heat was intense (especially for someone from dry California)...we had some errands to get done and were tired, dripping with sweat...half of a cookie and some fluids really brought back the energy. I had assumed my close friend/Columbia classmate knew about this place, but she didn't...and she just ravaged the cookies when she got some before she left New York...she only wished I had mentioned it earlier! (She and her family also went to get some when they came for graduation. :)) I was (unfairly) upset with a friend who was visiting me after she basically abruptly had to leave for the weekend due to weather circumstances, etc. and anyway, it turned out that she did get to try Levain cookies with another friend...and offered me one as well, anddd...the thought of her even having tried these made me quite fuzzy on the inside on second thought. Hahhh. I've at least twice (maybe three times) brought these for family members back home in LA. These are one of the few items that...just blew them away. So I'm thankful for that. And my mom started requesting them from me after the first time! I just can't stress enough how this place is like a magnet whenever you're in proximity to it. The whiff of chocolate and butter must be magic for the senses. A friend who lived nearby and I would just walk around and eat cookies and chat...lovely. (Sidenote: she mentioned to me before that the oatmeal raison cookies aren't good, and are...stiff??) So I never had the urge to try them, especially not with my favorites: DOUBLE CHOCOLATE (it's almost like a brownie!) and the original: WALNUT CHOCOLATE CHIP. You can't go wrong with either of those. I just really wished they stayed open later! (7 PM is so early!)
The only thing you need to know about Levain is the following... 1) They serve some of the most decadent cookies on planet earth 2) Eating more than one in a day might send you to the ER 3) If you love cookies and haven't had one you need to get here STAT
Hands-down the best cookie I've ever had and I've eaten a LOT of cookies. A slight crunch on the outside with a warm and gooey center. You can't go wrong with the classic chocolate chip walnut, but the chocolate peanut butter was also a favorite among our group.
I'm not entirely sure there is anything more revolutionary going on here than simply baking a massive cookie and not cooking it all the way through... The result, gooey yumminess that is thoroughly orgasm worthy. I made the mistake of veering away from the chocolate chip walnut and decided to try the oatmeal raisin, usually my favorite cookie flavor, but I was disappointed...after all raisins don't do the melty thing that makes the chocolate chips so delightful. Anyway, stick with the tried and true. Bring your own milk and get ready to dunk.
This is one of the best cookies I've ever had - maybe the best I don't know. My friend Sally C and I walked 2.5 miles to get here, and it was worth every step! I guess I was happy to burn off a portion of the cookie I was about to devour. I got 1 giant chocolate chip walnut cookie for $4. It's pretty expensive for a cookie, but I'd say its reasonably priced for NY, it's size, and it's taste! The most magical thing about this cookie is how crunchy it is on the outside and yet still so soft and gooey on the inside. It was a warm ooey-gooey perfection when they first gave it to me, but it still maintained the same texture even when it cooled down. The chocolate chips were still melted which was entirely puzzling but such a nice surprise each time. The only reason I do not give this cookie 5 stars is because I think it's a little too sweet and they need to add some more salt to their batter or a couple salt flakes on top.. While most people would disagree me, I think it needs a little salt to balance. That being said, I decided to save the rest of my cookie for when I came back home so I could heat it up and share some with the BF. At the airport, I somehow ended up being super late to my flight and nearly missing it so I was racing to get to the gate and somehow as I was speed dashing to make my flight, SOMEHOW, my poor cookie fell out of my backpack :( :( When I sat down in my seat to open my backback in search for this cookie, it was no where to be found :( Seriously one of the saddest moments ever!!!
When I open my bakery, I want it to be just like this place.  Wow. I don't think I will ever get over this place.  Ever, ever EVER! Out of all the bakeries that I have visited in NYC (which is a lot!) this is by far my favorite!  There is just something so SPECIAL about the little place.  Maybe it is because I have a soft spot for cookies...and chocolate... The double chocolate cookie is my #1 favorite.  Imagine a cookie, a brownie, a molten chocolate cake, all in one. The chocolate walnut cookies come in a close second.   Sure, they are expensive at $4 each, but it is so worth it!! These cookies are each 6oz of goodness - that's huge!   The first time I came here was when my mom was visiting.  It was freezing cold, and there was a line out the door of this little place.  People were standing outside the bakery and sitting on benches eating their goodies.  The atmosphere was just wonderful. My mom and I had just eaten lunch and had planned to just stop by, pick up what looked good, take it home, and eat it later.  This never happened. Once we entered the bakery, got hit by the incredible aroma of chocolate and butter, excitedly ordered the cookies of our choice and some tea, held the warm Levain bakery bag, we had to stop. sit. eat. immediately. The cookies had JUST come out of the oven.  Crisp on the outside and so so gooey on the inside.  I think that on top of the chocolate chips in the batter, they grated some chocolate into the mix, to make each bite so lusciously chocolate-filled. I can't help smiling and feeling happy when eating cookies from here.  Thank goodness I don't live close to here, or I would be eating these every day.  YUM. I have baked variations of the double chocolate and chocolate walnut cookies, which come out excellent.  You can find them on bakewithsonia.com (Of course, nothing beats the real deal). Now I want a cookie.
Levain's cookies are freakishly scary. They're huge. This, however, happens to be a very good thing as they are absolutely to die for!
Seriously the best cookies I have ever tasted. At first appearance, it looks and feels really dense and I was worried that it would just taste like a big lump of flour and no flavor. But i was proven wrong, I got the oatmeal and the chocolate chip cookies. The chocolate chip cookie is to die for. When you first bite into the cookie, the chocolate chips just ooze out and its packed with so much flavor.
This place is tiny.  This place runs out of stuff easily.  But, this place has the best cookie in NYC.  The Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie at Levain Bakery is a work of art.  It is hardly a cookie - more a moist, melty lump of angelic deliciousness.  One is so filling - even though you can barely finish it, you will still be looking at your bag hoping that you have a few bites left.  This cookie is amazing, worth every penny and calorie.
Little hole in the wall bakery with giant delicious cookies.  Dark chocolate peanut butter cookies are heaven.
Very yummy cookies indeed and HUGE!!! At first I wasn't impressed but realized it was because the cookies were too hot, after they cooled down I have to admit I am a fan. I bought the walnut chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin cookies. And the price is VERY reasonable, those cookies are ridiculously BIG.  Definitely will be back and this time I'll share with who they were intended for ;-)
this is the best cookie in the whole world!!!!!!!
I always find it hard to come up with an original way to do a review.  I start to feel like Barton Fink writing that wrestling movie. Which makes me sad that I cannot come up with an original concept in saying how much I love Levain Bakery. Yes, I can talk about how its in the basement and that there is only room for about 10 people, at the most. I can talk about how there is a little area where people can sit by the window and eat while people watching. But how do I talk about the cookies? I can talk about how I just love the chocolate chip cookies with walnuts. One time I stopped here and brought some with me to the opera. Can you picture that, me at an opera? Its sort of like picturing Paris Hilton as a contestant at the Scripps Spelling Bee. Maybe I can say how I also got some cookies for my friend so she could eat it in between teaching classes.  Now I am not saying she loved it but she said that she would name her first born after me. That's how grateful she was. So when I do write my official review, I can talk about how I stopped by again on Memorial Day, to buy some cookies before catching the latest Indiana Jones fiasco. And instead of getting cookies, I got a chocolate chip brioche instead. And then I can use the old M&M saying, that it melted in my mouth not in my hands. (That's what she said!) Okay, I think these are good points to bring up when I do come up with a review for Levain Bakery. Maybe someday I will actually type it up.  And darn it, I could've been the 100th review for Levain too, oh wellz...
I'm a cookie-addict. I bake them, I eat them, and I traveled all the way to the Upper West Side to try Levain's cookies. How could I not, with those pictures accompanying the Yelp reviews? The cookies are really, really good. They're pricey too unfortunately, at $4 a cookie, but if you split one the cost isn't that big of a deal, and the cookies are so sweet and huge that I couldn't fathom eating one by myself. The selection was surprisingly small when we arrived, but I can't be sure if it is that way all the time or just because we went there at around 4:30 pm and they were mostly sold out for the day. The chocolate peanut butter cookie is divine. Definitely a must-try. I've been told I make great cookies myself, so I'm fairly picky, and Levain's are moist and delicious. Next time I'm up on the Upper West Side I'll certainly drop by again.
Humongous cookies that could very well serve as a meal on their own. I only gave them 4 stars though, because I didn't necessarily think the cookies were amazing. The taste isn't memorable or special...they're just huge and good and soft. So I've gone back and I like the place...but I wouldn't rave over it.
I am not a dessert person at all - more of a salty savory kind of girl, but let me tell you.... the Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie from Levain turns me into a fat kid that loves cake! These things have the texture of a cookie-brownie that begs to be dipped in milk.  Or better yet reminds me of the got milk commercials so delicious you stuff them in your face and must have a glass of leche to wash it down.   It looks more like a scone but I assure you Yelpers that it is cookie crusty on the outside and brownie goodness on the inside - wowwwww!  Yum, I could have one right now mmmmmmm.
A really small bakery with the most amazing chocolate chip walnut cookies - you have to try one to truly understand - always just backed fresh, they're huge and delicious! Its why I go to the gym......everyday
The chocolate chip cookies are the best I've ever had. They are freakishly fattening. I left one in a bag for a few hours and grease had completely saturated the bag and gotten on the inside of my purse. They are incredibly huge and THICK. Added bonus that the guy serving us went to college with my boyfriend.
Oatmeal Raisin - I have nothing more to say.
I pledge my cookie allegiance to:  Levain!  I was excited to find out about this little shop, doubly excited to get to the shop, order my cookies (Chocolate Chip Walnut and Chocolate with Chocolate Chip), and delve into its slightly crispy, gooey, buttery goodness. I was guaranteed that the cookies would stay soft 5-7 days stored in the wax paper bag given to me at purchase. As of now, I am going on day 5 and the cookie ( I finished one already) is still soft and irresistible as the day I bought it.  Until next time Levain!!
hands down one of the best cookies I've ever had!  The cookies are HUGE, pretty much the size of a scone so well worth the $4.  The dark chocolate peanut butter cookie and the chocolate chip walnut cookies are to die for.  Maybe it's a good thing Levain Bakery is only in New York, definitely don't trust myself to be in the same city as this bakery!!!!
Best best best place for a huge, delicious and heavy cookie .... warning .. you may finish your cookie as soon as you buy it .. so buy an extra one to have it later ! Cookies priced at 4$ a cookie but totally worth it. Dark chocolate cookie was my favourite.
Oh boy.   it really is as good as you hear about them on media. I happened to go to a yoga class close by and they are one of my biggest temptation. now, I've had dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies, sour cream coffee cake, and chocolate chip brioche. They are all delicious. with the loaf cakes, I think it's very reasonably priced because for 3 dollars, you get a slice that's twice as thick as your average slice at start bucks or anywhere else. Yes, $4 cookie is expensive, that's why I didn't get it for a long time, but I was feeling spendy and purchased one yesterday. OH BOY. It IS very big, and I am still eating it today. It's got crunch on the outside and inside seems to be just FULL of chocolate chips! can't tell where the dough is:) it's one of the most chocolaty things yet! it's a small bakery, but the line goes fast. Staff are very friendly and speedy. When hunger strikes, try this!
You know those Campbell's Chunky Soup commercials? youtube.com/watch?v=aGLY… Well, substitute (a) "Campbell's Chunky Soup" with "Levain" (or, more specifically, "Levain Bakery Chocolate Chip Walnut" or "Levain Bakery Oatmeal Raisin") and (b) "soup" with "cookie" and you get the true Levain experience. Levain: The cookie that eats like a meal.
Yes. It is the summer time, but if you don't mind looking a little chubby I would say walk your way over to Levain and order a batch of cookies.  They are very cakey, but delicious. Someone commented that they tasted like brownies shaped like cookies, I say, those are delicious even if so. 3.75 for a cookie is steep, but with the all natural deliciousness provided, I would say it's ok to splurge once and a while.
I am a chocolate addict.  I will gobble up handfuls of chocolate chips, scarf chocolate bars and drink hot chocolate whenever I get a chance.  The best way to devour chocolate is in a chocolate chip cookie, with all that creamed butter, sugar and enough salt to provide a contrast. I really, really wanted to like this cookie with it's generous 6 oz size and chock-laden with rich chocolate chips.  The first bite was so delicious because I love crispy edges and soft, chewy centers.  But the middle turned out to be a little too gooey for my tastes, and I was missing the vanilla.
The best cookies ever! The peanut butter dark chocolate is the best!
A walnut-chocolate chip cookie costs $4 at Levain Bakery. The cookie is enormous, warm and gooey. I definitely would have preferred a good-old chocolate chip w/out walnuts, but c'est la vie. I've been hearing about these cookies for years and was glad to finally taste one.
$4 a cookie- if you can call it that. Seeing them, they look like a scone due to their size. Eating them, they taste of gooey chocolate and butter. Not exactly like a cookie but whatever they are, they taste good. Cant have them all of time though, im sure they clog your arteries by themselves.
OMG! These cookies are SOOOOOOO good!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hands down thee best chocolate chip walnut cookie I have ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is a must in NY!!!!!
By far the most incredible cookie I have ever eaten was from Levain Bakery.  My boyfriend and I stumbled upon it one afternoon and will definitely be back soon.
A solid cookie, but not the masterpiece people make it out to be. Probably better warm. Still solid.
My sis spent over $100 on baked goods here this morning. Our ma and fam in California can't get enough of the coffee cake and cookies from Levain, so a shipment was in order. Highly recommend the freshly brewed drip coffee and brioche. I bought some fancy cheeses at Zabar's to pair with the brioche and it was delicioso! The dark chocolate chip cookie is also a must for any lover of dark chocolate -- like me! Can't wait to try the Harlem location as well.
I finally tried all their cookies! They are best when eaten right after you get it from the bakery! I always liked all their cookies but I always avoid oatmeal raisin, just not my favorite, but theirs were amazing!
Ridiculously ridiculously good looking....  Well I wont be in a bikini after binge buying some of these babys.... but when you crack open the warm brick of a cookie thats all you can think.  This looks ridiculous!  Its huge, its heavy, its melty, its the hype cookie of the moment, oh wow, its ridiculously good.   Om nom nom nom.  They are semi rawish inside, but for some reason it just makes it better, like you are eating cookie dough.  Go on a third or fourth date, cause you will certainly have melty chocolate chips smeared on your chin and nose.  Take my sagelike advice :: you must :: opt for the cup of milk.   I was the only genius in my group who sprang for the milk also, and guess what, oh thats right four people in my posse were all begging for a sip two bites in. I KNOW get your own glass sheesh.   These cookies are the least healthy thing ever.  If you take a bag home you will look upon that bag 8 hours later and shudder at its translucence.  Then you microwave for 15 seconds another cookie and crack it open like a melty egg om nom nom nom.... A cookie monsters delight.  You must try this place at least once!
I consider myself a bit of a chocolate chip cookie afficionado.  A CCC addict if you will.   So it was with some excitement and trepidation that I finally made my way to Levain Bakery after watching the Throwdown episode with Bobby Flay for the 3rd time. I got 2 Chocolate Chip Walnut cookies, an iced coffee and made the short stroll to Central Park where I proceeded to have one of the best cookies ever. Countless birds flew down to my feet hoping to get some leftovers.  I kicked the shit out of them because they were not about to get a single crumb.  Slightly crispy on the edges, moist on the inside, and the chocolate still melted as you bit in. I only finished one but was ecstatic to find the chocolate still melted when I bit into the second one later.  The only time I've been thankful for the humidity.
Husband only asked for one thing on our NYC itinerary, and it was Levain. Boy knows his dessert! The key to eating more than your body would stomach is a cold glass of milk. Thanks to the milk, husband devoured/OD'd on the Chocolate Chip Walnut + Chocolate PB Chip + a bite of the Oatmeal Raisin. Of course the Levain ladies won't share their recipe, but they post their fans' attempts: levainbakery.com/cookies… Husband shall try and tweak recipes for household consumption until our next NYC visit.
Great stuff...I had banana-chocolate chip bread, chocolate chip brioche, and a choco/chocolate chip cookie, which was the thickest damn cookie I have ever seen...some sort of mutation that scared me but was delicious.
I am going to keep this very short and to the point... If I had to choose my last meal, Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookie would be my dessert. I have never had a cookie that even came CLOSE to this. It is honestly one of the best things ive ever had. Everything about them is perfect; the size, the texture, the proportions of walnut to chocolate chip, to dough, it is all perfect! All of the cookies are amazing, but since I have tried all of the other ones already, whenever I go, I stick to the chocolate hip walnut.
After eating the gross gray hotdog, I wanted something tasty so I walked over to Levain Bakery and try their FAMOUS cookie which cost $4 each. Yes it isn;t a regular size cookie and it is shape like a baseball. It loook pretty ugly from the outside but the inside was sooo guewyyyy in the middle. This place was suppose to be the best cookie in NYC and yes it taste very good but i am sure there are better cookie here, just i haven't found it yet. I rate this place 3.5 but will i go here just to buy a cookie from them?? maybe
the best cookies i have ever had.. i tried both of the cookies, i enjoyed the chocolate one more. fresh and delicious.
Best EVER! I had the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter chip cookie, and it was just cooked enough so that the inside was gooey and warm and delicious! Definitely worth the calories. I dream about their cookies.
Best cookies EVER. Ohhh, every time I'm in NY i hit up this place for a chocolate peanut butter cookie and a cup of milk. Second favorite is the classic chocolate chip. If you're anywhere near this heaven-sent bakery, you MUST stop by!! I do believe they also take credit : )
Saw a lady on the subway eating their famous cookie and was drawn to this place.  Went mid afternoon and there was still a line, we ordered two chocolate chip walnut and one double chocolate.  Honestly was a bit underwhelmed.  They were good but a bit too sweet.  I would have liked some sea salt to balance out all that sweetness.  The cookies are more like soft scones.
Great bakery, local must love it here, as the queue was out the door and around along the street, although the shop was only tiny with a few stools. Delicious cookies, especially liked the chocolate peanut butter flavour. I'll mention what I did NOT enjoy though: - Valrhona Chocolate Rolls: this should have been as they describe it themselves, but instead was like a rock. We asked the counter staff to warm it up for us, and it was still like a golf ball. What?! - Whole Wheat Walnut Raisin Rolls: enjoyed it for what it was, but this was tough and it should not be. Again, the cookies stole the show.
The bf and I were staying in Midtown East during our trip to NYC. During our entire stay, I was trying to figure out a way to convince him that we could fit in a trip to the Upper West Side in our already packed itinerary to visit this bakery. Maybe I talked about the cookies so much during the week and he wanted some, too; he just knows how much chocolate means to me and he wanted me to be happy; or he just wanted to shut me up already. I don't care what the reason was, but we got there =) Actually, I didn't have a care in the world the moment I bit into Levain's dark chocolate peanut butter chip mound of crispy, gooey, melt-in-your-mouth, this-is-so-bad-but-oh-so-freakin'-good deliciousness that Levain so humbly calls a cookie. I continued to bite, close my eyes, and let the (peanut) buttery, chocolate-y flavors just take over. This is the BEST cookie I've had in my life - I wanted to savor and remember every morsel. And lucky me, these things are so gigantic I was able to enjoy it again later.     But I'm not completely selfish. I did think about my bf for a quick second and ordered an oatmeal raisin along with my peanut butter chip cookie (he's not a fan of nuts, but I heard Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookie will make you a convert!). Soft, buttery, GOOD. He took two bites and let me have the rest. Oh well, he was a good excuse for me to get two cookies - wait, that sounded a little selfish...   Oh, the evil things I would do to indulge on Levain's cookies again!
The first time I had Levain Backery my friend (Hi Eddie!)/cookie elf brought me these cookies while I was toiling away in the library. I think my first bite was the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie. OHHHH SO DELICIOUS! The thing is literally the height and width of my fist. And the perfect temperature with the perfect amount of crunch on the outside and goopiness on the inside. Your eating partner and you will both have chocolate chips plastered all over your teeth and faces but it won't matter because you both will be blinded by the godly nature of these cookies. Fin.
For cookies... this is as good as it gets. I'm not even a big fan of sweets but this is totally indulgent. Whatever cookie you order, get ready for some indulgence. I mean, it may look like a tumor or a big pile of @*$R@, and it's crusty on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Yes, the cookie. LOL.
I discovered this place by the long line in front of the bakery, and the delicious cookie smell emanating from it. The cookies are a ginormous helping of absolute cookie deliciousness. The peanut butter chocolate chip is my absolute favorite.
I came here after reading the raved reviews about their cookies on various websites....and this place did not disappoint! =) I came in thinking I was going to purchase all four flavors of their cookies and saw how hugggge they were, so I only tried the chocolate chip walnut and the double chocolate. These cookies were the biggest cookies I've ever seen...there is probably the equivalent of three cookies in one levain bakery cookie! one of cookies was probably bigger than my fist. the outside was crusty and the insides were melt-in-your-mouth delicious! I wish I had a second stomach to consume all four cookies all at once! the cookies were $4 per piece, which is a little pricey but I think is not too much to ask any cookie lovers to splurge on! I'm drooling as I'm typing away....! Can't wait to revisit Levain Bakery again!
My girlfriend is not much of a chocolate lover, but she did love the chocolate peanut butter cookies.  I also enjoyed the chocolate chip cookies.  These are more like cookie muffins and they're great,  large cookies and full of flavor......def enjoyed with a glass of milk.
The chocolate-chocolate is indulgent to the point of diabetic coma; for choco-philes mainly. The choco peanut butter is one that any Reese's fan will love. But the walnut chocolate chip needs no such qualifiers: nobody could not consider it the best.
While the aesthetic of the store is nothing to write home about, we've tried almost everything, from the pizzas to the chocolate brioche. A- But I've yet to have a better cookie anywhere in the city. Sweets: 1.  Chocolate chip/walnut = insane. like actually insanely good. esp if you heat up... perfect if you had a really bad day and Grandma can't swing by to make you some of her own.   2. Double Chocolate Chip Cookie = normally, I wouldn't bother with a double chocolate chip cookie because it's just a little much- this is good cold, GREAT when it's heated up.  Probably beats out the chocolate chip walnut if heated. 3.  Chocolate/ Peanut Butter Cookie = DO NOT BE FOOLED- there is no actual pb in that cookie, just pb chips (LAME!) At $4 a cookie, I think they can afford to throw in some real peanut butter.   (-1/2 star) 4. Oatmeal Raisin Cookie = Good- but, frankly- I make them way better at home.  Too sweet and almost bland.  Stick with the first two, they're pretty damn amazing.  (-1/2 star) 5. Chocolate Brioche = Good, very sweet, and again- when the chocolate is melty, it's pretty awesome.   6.  Chocolate Sour Dough Rolls = Delicious little bites of heaven made with what tastes like better quality chocolate than what's in the chocolate brioche.  My fiance has already eaten 2 today! The pizzas and bread: The bread is gorgeous and baked perfectly.  As for the pizza, every single one I've tried is very tasty (and come on... artichokes and gruyere!?  great combination).
$4 a cookie? you must be jok... num num num. whoa?! Okay so the cookies aren't cheap but they are soooo good and fresh that I just don't care. I love the chocolate chip and the chocolate chip peanut butter cookies. Here's my $8, thank you.
fantastic. Chocolate walnut for the win. massive cookie, must eat it right away. I accidently bought 5 cookies. I think I got caught up with the hype of this place - it was the smell of this bakery, the long lines, the anticipation....but I regretted buying 5 cookies. very delicious, but once it goes in the fridge, you realize how much butter they use..and you don't really want to eat it. It was just too much and too big. this place is more like a get one cookie, and a glass of milk, and enjoy. Don't over indulge.
**WARNING: THIS REVIEW IS R-RATED. The lyrics below are for the song "Bubbly" by Colbie Caillat. "I've been awake for a while now You've got me feelin' like a child now 'Cause every time I see your bubbly face I get the tingles in a silly place It starts in my toes And I crinkle my nose Wherever it goes I always know That you make me smile Please stay for a while now Just take your time Wherever you go..." Now many people have come to believe that the above lyrics are about a guy giving a girl an orgasm. Well, I'm here to debunk that rumor. Because I have firsthand knowledge that these lyrics are actually about eating Levain cookies and having an orgasm in the process. Hard to believe, right? Well, I'm here to tell you that having an orgasm while eating a Levain cookie is not only possible, but highly probable. In fact, I came twice in one night thanks to the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie and Oatmeal Raisin. And I've been thinking about these monstrous cookies every minute ever since. Seriously though, these cookies have been haunting my dreams. They've consumed my mind and have made me desire cookies more than anything else. Just the other night  I had a nightmare about climbing a giant chocolate peanut butter cookie mountain and when I got to the top I was so fat that I had to roll myself into the peak and drown myself in gooey goodness. Granted, I died....but at least I was consumed in deliciousness cookieness before I went down. I just don't know how else to break it to you folks... this is THE BEST GODDAMN COOKIE IN AMERICA. And I bet my life that if you go here, you'll agree 100%. Sure, the place is in the basement of a building that's about the size of a bathroom, but you know... the best places always are.
You know when your sarcastic son of bitch friend says, "That's great, do you want a cookie!?" Instead of cursing them out or slapping them in the face, you should say, "YES! I want a dark chocolate peanut butter cookie from Levain's Bakery." At this point, your friend will be dumbfounded. Slap them in the ass and take the next 1 or 2 train to the UWS for some rich, gooey, butterful cookies. I tried the chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate peanut butter cookies. Both weighed the same as a baseball, had a light, crispy exterior and soft, mushy interior. To my surprise, the chocolate chip walnut wasn't overly sweet. I almost wanted more sugar but the butter compensated for that. The dark chocolate peanut butter was dotted with a good amount of PB. I couldn't really taste the bitterness of the dark chocolate as the PB overpowered the cookie...in a good way. If you're a peanut butter lover, try the DCPB cookie. You won't walk away disappointed. Is it safe to say each cookie will add 1 lb. to your total weight? Yes. Is it safe to say eating more than 2 cookies will make you nauseous? Yes. Is it safe to say paying $4 per cookie, gaining 1 lb. per cookie and feeling nauseous after eating 2+ cookies is worth it? Yes. Another plus is that they take credit card for schmoes who like to charge $4 on their card. (points to self and waves)
When friends come to town and want to see something amazing in NYC, I take them here and show them how shitty every other cookie they have ever had was.  1 Levain cookie with a glass of milk... thats a meal.   Still, probably wise to manage your guest's expectations.  I like to say 'oh there is this pretty good cookie place I know' so  that when they take the first bite they are completely blown away.
Found this cookie place from food network. Bobby Flay's "Throw down". The cookie was just a they described it. Chocolatey, gooey, soft and crunchy! I loved it. I bought the choco walnut and I loved it. The walnut was definitely a good compliment with all the sweet chocolate taste. Too bad I'm from California...I won't be able to have this goodness anytime soon. =(
An amazingly delicious cookie? Absolutely! The "best" cookie I've ever had... That might be a slight stretch. Still, it was the perfect post spin class treat (or the worst depending on how you want to look at it). I fully intend on coming back to Levain the next time I'm in town. Solid cookie dining experience!
Hugeeeee pieces of cookies. Four flavours at $4 a pop: - chocolate chip walnut - dark chocolate chip - peanut butter chocolate, and - oatmeal rasin All of them are pretty nice and they come out fresh and warm. Friendly service and there's always a queue.
Delicious!!!
I have come to believe in a standard, the less choices a place has, the better the food.  This bakery proves this once again. With only four choices of cookies it has made a name for itself in the size, chocolatey flavors, and the absolute delight it provides for your stomach. I entered here on a cold and rainy day. I just finished work and I needed a pick me up. I have been hearing consistent mad reviews for this place so I decided to stop by and check it out. I ordered the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie not knowing what to expect. But after handing the $4 for the cookie and getting a cookie the size of my entire hand I knew I was going to be in for a treat. One bite and I was already screaming on the inside, fireworks popping over my head, stars twirling and spinning wildly in front of me. I was in love, and I am not much of a dark chocolate fan either. Its warmth, gooey chocolate centers combined with peanut butter chips, and unfaltering power for making me happy instantly deserves an applause. I ate half and had to wrap that baby up to save it for later since it was so big. Leaving the bakery and gasping for milk I couldn't believe cookies could be that amazing. Enough said.
Best cookie ever! I literally was giddy after eating half of one ( They are gigantic). So much happiness in one dessert.
My first 5 star review... And it goes to the much deserved and well loved Levain's. Locals and tourists flock to this small UWS bakery, and for what? None other than the best blend of butter, sugar, flour, chocolate chips, walnuts, and whatever other goodness they put in their famous chocolate chip cookies. Yes, they are THAT heavenly. Served warm and generously sized, these cookies can almost substitute for a full meal. (Calorie wise I'm sure they do, but let's not get into that and spoil the enjoyment of each bite.) I've tried all 4 kinds (chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, double chocolate chip, and chocolate chip peanut butter), and my 2 faves are chocolate chip walnut and oatmeal raisin. Even if you don't prefer walnuts in your cookies, you will likely fall in love with their chocolate chips. The line moves at a good speed, and the workers are happy to accommodate your requests of putting the cookies in a bag or box. I often opt for the box so they don't get smashed, and it's harder for me to eat a whole cookie on the way home when it's wrapped up in a box tied with string. Keep the oven warm, Levain! :)
OH MY gosh. This place is seriously orgasmic food. HOLY CRAP the cookie is like a scone but soft?! SOFT SCONES. WHat more can you ask for in life? The chocolate chip was my favorite but I also tried the double chocolate, peanut butter one too. dagnabbit...move over insomnia!
I was in the neighborhood and saw this bakery was in my bookmarks so I checked them out. The bakery is definitely a take out spot because it's so tiny.   I ordered the oatmeal raisin cookie and the oatmeal raisin scone. The cookie was delicious and it took me three days to finish it. Each time I ate a piece,  I warmed it up and drank some hot tea.  I didn't care for the scone too much and when I return I will check out one of the other cookies.
Chocolate chip cookies are my favorite, but the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookies might be the best cookie I've ever had.  That's saying a lot coming from my fat ass!  The cookies are huge, so you better order some milk or coffee to help wash it all down.
I think it's absolutely awesome that a little hole in the wall bakery like this can get the notoriety that it has gotten (it's been on Food Network's Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay, Bon Appetite Magazine, among many other magazines and newspapers). I was pretty surprised how much of a hole in the wall, Mom and Pop operation this really is. Although they do make a couple various items like breads and scones, they're really known for cookies. That being said they only make 4 flavors of cookie (dark chocolate chocolate chip, dark chocolate peanut butter chip, oatmeal raisin, and chocolate chip walnut). Each sells for a whopping $4. They might not look that big at first glance behind the glass but don't let the diameter (about 4") of the cookie fool you. The thing is about 1.5" of dense decadence, you might originally think you'll eat two (if you don't mind spending $8 for 2 cookies) but you'll only get through 1. It's probably in the neighborhood of 800-1000calories so it ought to fill you up. I tried the chocolate cookie and the chocolate peanut butter cookie. The peanut butter one was nice and warm and was pretty delicious, though the PB was a bit overpowering. I'd say though that the texture is really a combination of a cookie, a cake, and a brownie (it seems like the cookies are a tad undercooked but only when they're warm). If you eat one the next day they're much more brownie like in the center and cookie like on the edges. I tried the chocolate one while it was still very warm and this was a mistake, it completely fell apart and there were so many gooey chips inside the cookie that the only way to eat it became to use a spoon, it was really like one of the chocolate molten cakes. Having 2 half cookies not only made me full but I had a sugar overload it was just so sweet. I'm not a fan of nuts in cookies so I'll definitely have to go back and try their oatmeal raisin. Oh and by the way the cashier girl was super nice/cute and a pleasure to deal with
To me, Levain sets the standard of what a Chocolate Chip cookie should be... and in MASSIVE size. Warm, soft, slightly doughy and gooey on the inside... nicely golden brown crisp on the outside. Texturally wonderful. The classic chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate chocolate chip are to die for... and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip is also super yummy. It's no wonder they whooped Bobby Flay on Throwdown. They're NO Joke... but as SWEET as you can get!
I almost missed this location, which would have been a travesty, because it is delicious! The bakery is at the basement level allowing onlookers to watch the milieu and artisans from above. It was hard to decide which of the alluring cookies, cinnamon raisin walnut rolls, or crusty loaves of bread to try. I went with the chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips, which was actually the size of about two cookies (no complaints). It was still warm when in the bag but I didn't get a chance to try it until the next day. It was still delicious so I can only imagine what it must have been like out of the oven! It was rich, soft, chocolately, and had an abundance of peanut butter chips. The cookie was about $4, but it was one of the best cookies I have ever had!
Had seen Levain on TV and heard about the cookies from friends. When I was coming to NYC for the first time, Levain was on my to-do list the first day. The cookies did not disappoint. Dark chocolate with chocolate chips was my favorite. Now to try and recreate a clone at home... unless they will please open a location in California??
Finding the perfect cookie at Levain Bakery was an unexpected perk of moving to West 74th Street this year. It is buttery, heavy and delightful. The chocolate chips are always melty and perfect. If you can eat a whole Levain cookie alone, though, you may want to consider joining an Overeaters Anonymous group. (Wow, did you know OA has online meetings? Thanks, Google!) I love this cookie so much that I can no longer walk past Levain Bakery on the way home from the subway for HEALTH REASONS. Go. Eat the cookie for me. Please.
Levain Bakery, thank you for the delicious cookies. Whenever anyone in my presences mentions the word cookies, I gracefully say, Levain, sweet Levain; thou why not near, Levain.
The smell of cookies baking drew me in. The chocolate, chocolate chip cookie was enormous. It was slightly warm and the inside was gooey while the outside was crispy. This cookie was chocolate overload. Amazing! $4 for a cookie is a little pricey but totally worth it. The cookie was really about 3-4 cookies.
Totally disappointed, especially after reading so many glowing reviews (makes one wonder....).  Bakery counter person displayed plenty of attitude.  Oatmeal raising cookie was overpriced and underflavored.  Much much too sweet.  Perhaps the chocolate chip is the choice to make.  I'll give it another try and hope the service person is more user friendly.
By far, the best cookie I've ever had! Warm chocolate chip with walnuts, amazing. I couldn't finish it all in one sitting, it was so big and dense. I wish i didn't live on the opposite side of the country from where these are!
Yay! Made it into the Elite crew! So, I pass this place like 2-3 times a week because it's across the street from the Equinox gym. And I've watched as customers stand outside their door at 7am waiting for them to open. And I saw how they smoked my "boyfriend in my head", Bobby Flay on Throwdown (sorry babe, it's true). Well, I just had to try these much lauded cookies. When I walked in, I quickly notice how small and cramped the place is. You walk 3 steps down and you are smacked into the cash register/counter. Good thing I'm not looking for pillow talk; I'm only here for a quickie, thanks. The cashier tells me they're just coming out of the oven...score! My experience just got better as I hold my soft, warm dessert in a white bag. For one cookie, it's really heavy! I start mimicking lifting the bag as a weight, and the cashier laughs...yes, I could do reps with this thing! 15 min after it cools down, I bite into it and good God, it crumbles in my mouth and down my throat. Dee-li-cious!! It takes me a minute before I become self-conscious of my eating; I realize that I'm shoving it down like the Cookie Monster...whoa, nelly. Slow down, girl. I run inside Duane Reade to grab a bottle of milk and enjoy the last piece. Aaagh, this cookie just made my day!
THIS SHOULD BE ON YOUR BUCKET LIST. And if it's not, then YOU NEED TO ADD IT TO YOUR BUCKET LIST. YOU NEED TO TRY THESE COOKIES. I REPEAT, YOUR LIFE IS NOT COMPLETE UNTIL YOU HAVE EATEN THESE COOKIES. Before I lived in NY, without fail, every time I visited, I would bring back home a dozen of these scrumptious cookies. (You can freeze them and heat them up again and they will taste fine.) The chocolate chip walnut cookies are the BEST. They are ginormous but do not be taken aback by the size. DO NOT SHARE or you will regret it! YOU CAN AND YOU WILL FINISH A WHOLE ONE! They are best when they are eaten fresh - the outside is crispy and delicious and browned to perfection and the inside is gooey ooey chocolatey goodness. Best cookies I've ever had in my life!
The Dark Chocolate Chip Cookie is the best cookie I've ever had in my life. I love cookies and at work they have even called me The Cookie Monster. My friend and I walked a mile from Central Park, but I would walk a thousand miles. I first heard about the Dark Chocolate Chip Cookie when Rocco DiSpirito mentioned it on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." He was right. It was chocolatey goodness. It was like a cookie, fudge, brownie, and chocolate heaven all in one. My first bite was magical chocolate bliss. Although the cookie wasn't warm, the chocolate chips were melted as if they were straight out of the oven. The cookie was still yummy and chocolate chips were still gooey the very next day. It's $4.00. But move that decimal point to $40, and I would still buy it. Move that decimal point again, then I would still buy it if there was the technology to ship it to LA in a hour with that same first bite quality. Until I invent that shipping method, I will just have to go to New York more often.
Don't need to write much about this place,reviews are off the charts!! Yes, i would have to agree, it's just simply delightful.  The fist size cookies are so distinctive and yummy, takes me a couple days to finish on my own (yes, i am weaksauce but i want to enjoy every bit of the richness).   My favorite : Chocolate Peanut Butter w/ some milk!!! Muahh!!!
And I don't even like walnuts...... When my boyfriend told me that Levain had the best chocolate walnut cookies in the city- I was skeptical. First, because who puts walnuts in their chocolate chip cookies, and two, I believe that various other bakeries like Sullivan street, Amy's bread, and Clinton street bakeries can take top awards for baked goods. But alas...... my boyfriend was right (but don't tell him I said that!) These cookies are GIANT!!! I've now tried the choco-walnut, oatmeal raisin (hate rasins, loved the cookie), dark chocolate chocolate, and the chocolate peanut butter. I think that's all of them. What makes these cookies fantastic are the dynamic of the textures. Firm and cumbly on the outside, moist and buttery on the insides. Better if you put them in the microwave for 15 seconds before you eat them with a big glass of milk. If you come here and there's a long line, don't worry- the line goes very quick (i've waited down the block and served within 12 minutes). You should also wait in line because the cookies are THAT GOOD. MMMmmm just thinking about them now is making me want to swing by there later.... MMmmmm
These things are HEAVY, like a whole meal, size of your hand heavy. At about 500-800 calories a piece these cookies justify their cost with the fact that its a meal replacement. Their walnut chocolate chip as well as the peanut butter chocolate cookies are to DIE for.
Obscenely good...like an orgasm but in cookie form....
A meal of a cookie.  A worthy last meal. Chocolate Chip Walnut heaven.   I send these to my friends and family as special thank you gifts, and they love 'em even when they are not ooey, gooey fresh from the bakery.   TIP:  It's not just about the cookies.  Try the amazing chocolate brioche and the Valrhona rolls!
Now THIS is how you make a cookie!  I had the chocolate peanut butter cookie, and wow.  It's huge and chewy and pretty perfect in every way.  Definitely a must try!
Very tiny bakery, so tiny you can see the bakers in the back measuring out the dough as you pay for your treats.  Got the choc chip walnut cookie and dark choc cookie with peanut butter chips.  Cookies are hefty and filling and delicious.  Beware they are super moist (raw?) in the middle.  I happen to like this, but it could be a turnoff for some, especially in light of the current salmonella outbreak.  Wonder if they could be reheated in the oven at home?  Alas, I never got to try this since I ate my up.
Phenomenal! Dark chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips and the chocolate chip with walnuts are the two best cookies ever made. They have this raspberry filled pastry that is another favorite of mine. I live on the block & the line on the weekends is out of control. Best to go during the week, or early on a weekend.
Wow.  This place is amazing!  The chocolate chip and the peanut butter cookies are awesome.  Yes, they may be 10,000 calories each but they are worth every bite!  The outside has just enough crunch and the inside is rich and chewy.   Another delight that is overlooked are their Bomboloncinis.  It's almost like a soft jelly donut that is a lot less sweet than Levain's cookies.  They're not fried either.  They're pretty much like soft clouds of deliciousness that goes wonderfully with coffee or tea.  A unique find.  Definitely my favorite whenever I go and bring my friends.
This bakery smells like Grandma's house. In a good way. If Grandma baked you fresh out of the oven gargantuan cookies in four different flavors and decided that only cookies would do you good. She would forgo your favorite meal. Your diet would consist of butter, sugar and flour at Grandma's, except this Grandma charges you $3.75 for a cookie. She doesn't accept anything, but cash. Even your gleeful hugs and lovable kisses won't count. But who cares! These cookies have the power to bring world peace and make Dave Letterman celibate for the rest of his life. Umm. Yea. That might be a stretch, but these cookies are so so so goooooood. I've only tried the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie and this hunkin' piece of sweet loving was given to me straight out of the oven. The half-baked cookie oozed out chocolate and nuts and the whole experience was simply divine. They're probably the best cookies I've ever had so far in this very young life of mine. I was speechless for a few minutes, secretly dying for a carton of milk. A good thing to note: this place is BYOM. Also, the bakery is really tiny so buy a few to take home with you and eat them outside. You will be getting jealous stares.
I had to finally stop by Levain's to try their infamous chocolate chip cookie made fame by Bobby Flay (of course).   The store front is not all that but you do take a few stair steps down from the street level and all of sudden you reach the counter and order!  At this time I wanted to try their classic chocolate chips.  Let me tell you, they are ridiculously massive! I would say, the size of your palm (at least!). I only made a half dent on this warm, moist, gooey, and chocolate-y, $4 cookie! The seating is limited to 4 or 5 stools on a slim counter.  If you are out and about the Upper West and have a crazy craving for a cookie on steroid, this is the place!
the cookie gods have heard my prayers and deiceded that women, other than designer shoes and bags needed another temptation that directly impacts their waistline. So thus, a gigantic, out of this world cookie was born. The cookies at Levain are baked to perfection, and though they may seem just 'decent' sized, please don't make the same mistake I did - because after one cookie, I was pretty stuffed. Its not often that something as simple as a cookie gets such high priase - soft center and perfect crunch, a blance of sweetness with ingredients oozing as you take that delicious first bite... Yes, the cookie gods have heard my prayers, but clearly, ignored my pleas to drop me a couple of dress sizes.
The BEST cookies ever.. (agreeing with everyone else) They chocolate chip walnut cookies are my absolute favorite!  I've tried to replicate their recipe but after several failed attempts I suck it up and just trek over to the west side and pick up some.  Yes at $4 a cookie it seems pricey but one will make a meal for the day!  oh, and the coffee there is pretty good too!
When my brother came home from New York, he brought 10 of Levain's orgasmic cookies back to Oregon. I've gotta say that I've never had a chocolate chip cookie that bested my own recipe, but this one absolutely puts mine to shame. It's big, soft, and gooey on the inside yet crisp on the outside. It has the texture of a muffin/cookie hybrid. There are big walnut pieces in it, but they get overshadowed by this influx of chocolate that makes you feel like youre having a moment. All I can really say is that I wish I had more because these were freaking amazing!
I live in San Diego, CA and Levain Bakery was on my list of things to do when I was on vacation in NYC. Ever since I first saw Levain Bakery on The Food Network, I had been dying to eat one of their massive cookies. There are four types of cookies: oatmeal raisin, chocolate chocolate chip, chocolate w/peanut butter chip, and chocolate chip walnut. I ordered one of each for myself plus an extra chocolate chip walnut to bring back to a friend in San Diego who requested I bring her back one. They asked if any of the cookies I was ordering were a present and when I told them one of the chocolate chip walnut cookies were, they boxed it in a nice white box labeled with a Levain Bakery sticker and a blue bow tied on top which I thought was nice. Now for the cookies. The cookies are AMAZING!!! Like seriously, these cookies are no joke. These are by far the best cookies I have ever had. They are slightly crunchy on the outside and on the inside the are more like a brownie than a cookie. They are massive, thick, chewy, gooey and the best tasting cookies EVER. It's hard to choose a favorite. I knew I would love the chocolate peanut butter since I love anything with peanut butter. It did not disappoint. I'm not a huge chocolate person so I was afraid the chocolate chocolate chip would be too much for me but it was amazing. It tasted like an amazing chocolate chip brownie. The oatmeal raisin was so freakin good! Oatmeal raisin cookies are not usually my favorite but Levain has perfected their oatmeal raisin recipe. It's amazing! The chocolate chip walnut was also pretty good through my least favorite of the four only because I'm not a fan of walnuts. I wish they had a walnut-free chocolate chip cookie but other than that, this bakery gets no complaints from me. I took these cookies home with me to California and it took me a few days to eat them all since they're so huge but even after 4 days, the cookies still tasted amazing. If you're going to NYC and you're a cookie fan, Levain Bakery is a must go!! Best cookies you will ever eat. Hands down.
$4. Best cookie of your life. Thank me later.
Best cookie ever. My friends and I walked a long way for these cookies and they definitely didn't disappoint us. If you don't go here, you're a fool.
The cookies at Levain are unbelievable.  There are no creative or crazy ingredients, just the traditional chocolate chip (with walnuts), oatmeal raisin, chocolate peanut butter chip, and chocolate chocolate chip.  The space is very small, so it's best to order the cookies to go and take a walk around the Upper West Side while you enjoy them.
I'm in a 5 star kinda mood today. I really thought about giving this place 4 stars because I don't want people to get too hyped up and then disappointed about this place. But then I realized, whose gonna be disappointed? Nobody, that's who. So, 5 stars it is. Look, these cookies are HUGE and they are PRICEY. But they are also DE-FRIGGIN'-LICIOUS. The line can also be a bit outrageous, but it moves quickly and is worth the 10 minutes (which is the max that I've ever waited). They only sell a few different types, but I suggest going for the Chocolate Chip with walnuts and/or the oatmeal raisin. Also, don't eat beforehand, and get a cup of coffee. The coffee is pretty good, but it's nice to wash down the sugar. The cookies are definitely on the sweeter side, with ooey gooey chocolatey goodness runningthroughout the warm cookies. If you don't want to wait, just go to their uptown location and explore a bit 'o Harlem. It's actually in a nice area, and you could even go up to Red Rooster (ala Marcus Samuelsson) for dinner!
So yummy!! I came here on Black Friday, expecting a huge line but was surprised to see that I could walk right in and order. I chose the Dark Chocolate Peanut butter cookie, when it was handed to me the first thing I noticed was the bag seemed like it weighed at least 3 pounds and there was only 1 cookie inside. I could barely wait to sink my teeth into the chocolately greatness, but I managed to hold off until I walked a block over to the train. There I took my first crunchy yet warm bite. I knew it was only 10am and it bit early to eat the whole thing so I saved it until I made it home later in the day. I'd read from another reviewer that the cookie would be even better microwaved and that's exactly what I did, and boy oh boy it was chocolate heaven. I haven't felt this good from eating a cookie ever!! I wish these delicious pieces of heaven weren't so bad for my waistline or I'd go there everyday, alas I'll just have to make them an occasional treat!
One of my dearest friends came to JFK Airport  to pick us up. On the way, she and her boyfriend stopped by Levain and got us 2 cookies. Two. Two HUMONGOUS, GINORMOUS, FANTASTIC cookies. I mean - as big as my FACE. Gooey, soft, buttery goodness.   MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM And I don't even LIKE cookies. I was in NY for 3 days - and worked on those cookies for 3 days.  Two bites in the car, 1 bite while in the hotel, another the next morning, another nibble before crusing the Hudson, another bite before dinner, etc.  The remainder, we finished on the plane ride home. Now - - some 4 months later, I am still workin' those things off. WTF? With friends like her... who needs enemies?
I'm feeling a little pressure over how many stars to give, but this place is super cute and charming (but not big enough to hang out in and feel super charmed or cute), so that, coupled with a gigantic 6oz cookie that makes you feel like you've eaten a box of cookies... i'll give it 4 stars because I am a fan of delicious oversized cookies. The oatmeal was my favorite and the chocolate chip was okay but too much cookie dough and not enough chocolate chips.  All their cookies are (chocolate peanut butter, oatmeal, chocolate chip) look like cookies on steriods, or big scones (in case you haven't seen cookies on steriods before).  I guess when the French family who opened this place decided that they were gonna go big when they hit NYC, and they did it through the cookies.   These cookies are tasty, a little on the dry side (nothing a cup of milk couldn't help), soft/undercooked in the middle, and will take many many bites to finish  After eating these cookies I felt satisfied and maybe they put msg in these cookies too because I kinda felt like I needed more after rubbing my tummy and taking a nap after finishing one.
Price: $4/cookie Highlight: Huge, Doughy Cookie I came here looking for a danish. Yup, had the rare sugar urge, saw "bakery"... thought "danish" and followed my friend down into the basement-like tiny shop with the fantastic smell and shelved my danish dreams for an oatmeal raisin cookie. It was huge, gooey, doughy with just the right amount of sugar and I couldn't finish it... the sugar urge was short lived and was immediately replaced by a sushi urge. It was good and I would recommend it to a sweet tooth friend and it would be great warmed and crushed into vanilla ice cream. The 3 stars are not because I don't have a sweet tooth, its because the oatmeal raisin cookie was good, but not mindblowing.
This is a small little place. I came here around 630 pm and there was no wait! I got three cookies and they are huge!!! $4/cookie. The cookies are delicious and so worth the $4. I couldn't finish the whole cookie and saved the rest for the next day. The cookie tasted even better. Come here if you love cookies! One of my top cookie places. I wish they opened a shop in California!
frickn great choco chip cookie, deducting a star for slow ass cashier, got butter and jelly on a baguette for my daughter, also great
As everyone has already said, the cookies here are AMAZING. Based on my experiences, these are probably the best cookies in Manhattan. My favorite is the chocolate chip walnut cookie. The best part is that they come to you still warm! I will say though that they are a bit overpriced, though it's worth it to have once in a while. AND, my one complaint is that I wish they sold cartons of milk. I went to the deli next door and got some milk, and it definitely makes eating the cookie way more enjoyable. So my one piece of advice is to buy a carton of milk beforehand!
This is the best chocolate chip cookie, I think anyone will ever have! Period :)
Levain Bakery is well out of my way but I find myself making special trips just to satisfy a cookie craving.  They are all very delicious.  I like the Chocolate Chip Walnut and Double Chocolate the best.
best cookie I have ever had
What I had: Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie & a taste of my friends double chocolate chookie Would I go back: YES! Story: The HYPE is TRUE people! The cookies are really out of this world good - just the right amount of bite on the outside but oozy gooey moist center. Totally worth the $4 and every calorie of decadence.
I know that there will e a lot of people who disagree with me, but I don't understand all the hype around this place. The cookies are OK, just OK. They are big and moist as fresh cookies are suppose to be but the taste is nothing to rave about and not worth standing in the long line.
Love Levain.. I am such a fan.. From their walnut choc chip to the rich dark one, melt in the mouth are the only the words to describe their baked goods.. Sometimes if I am the one stopping by I find the wait a little much.. My advice: send someone.. :)
My friend received a care package full of Levain cookies when were in college and the deliciousness stuck with me.  When I visited New York the next time, I went out of my way to see what Levain Bakery was all about.  I was amazed when I found that such a remarkable place resides in a tiny, downstairs location.  My first visit I tried the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie.  Dear goodness, it was absolutely out of this world.  This cookie is humongous, it weighs half a pound and should be eaten in at least three sittings (if not shared). I've returned multiple times for cookies, at this point I've tried all four options but still opt for the peanut butter.  They make fantastic gifts, but make sure to get one for yourself so you don't eat them all before giving them away.  Yes, they are a tad pricey, but treat yourself every once in a while!
I can't tell you how many times I've been let down by experiences with baked goods.  Too often bakeries will make things that look like beautiful works of art but when you bite into them, you just want your money back.  Biting into something that was made at Levain will just make you want to buy more.   After reading many favorable reviews of the cookies, I decided on the chocolate and peanut butter as well as the chocolate chip with walnuts.  The cookies are thick with a slight exterior crisp on the outside and a very moist, rich center.  They taste so fresh and are obviously made with great ingredients.  My daughter opted for another type of pastry with a chocolate cream filling and she said it was also delicious.   The other thing you will find at this place that is missing in most others is a smile.  You will be greeted by friendly people who seem to enjoy their jobs and take pride in putting out a perfect product.  It definitely shows.
I really did love the cookies.  For some reason, I can't committ to 5 stars, but it's definitely a solid 4.5 stars.  I think it was slightly too sweet for my taste, but definitely chock full of goodness.   I was truthfully shocked by how dense they are.  I took 4 cookies to go and almost dropped the bag when I got it because I wasn't expecting it to way so much.
Awesome cookies, all are great!!  How do they make the outside crispy and the inside soft....mmmm.  Chocolate chip banana bread good too.  Coffee ok, which is why I didn't rate it a five star.  Very small place with only 4 seats inside, so not a place to go and hang out.
One of the best cookies I've ever had! So glad there isn't a calorie count for these things...if there was, I don't think I'd look at it!  Chocolate Chip Walnut is my fave.  Little pricey, but this isn't slice n bake we're talking about!  It's tough when this place is across from the gym and only 4 blocks away from my apartment!
We stopped into the FDB location just before closing on our way to the Harlem Shambles.  The shop was small and nondescript - just racks of cookies.  Thought for a second that we might have stumbled into their baking facility, but alas they DO sell cookies here.  We quickly ordered one chocolate chocolate chip and one oatmeal raisin cookie then quickly left and started in on the still warm mini boulders.  HO - LEE - FUK these were delicious!  Will stop by for some cookies whenever we are in a 10 block radius of either of their locations.
These cookies are heavenly.  I keep a few in my freezer for when I am having a really bad day and it instantly cheers me up!
The cookies are more like little raw cakes.  The dough in the chocolate chip and the oatmeal raisin was flavorless...kinda gross actually.  Yes, they have a lot of chocolate chips / raisins, but it didn't make up for the bland, raw dough.  I'd rather have a flavorful small cookie than a heaping mound of plain dough with chunks.  In fact, the oatmeal raisin reminded me of soda bread minus the yummy caraway seeds.  That said, the peanut butter chip was ok, but still, it was like eating a honking spoon of peanut butter, which is always good anyway.  I'll take my $16 elsewhere.
Huge fan of the chocolate chip brioche. I feel like I defaulted French when ordering, this place made me feel like I was right in Europe! Coffee was great, the cookies are work every penny. All four hundred of them.
#levainhasruinedallothercookiesforme @#(%$(@F@#)C&#K !!! MY 900TH REVIEW! It was love at first sight when I saw them featured on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. Grew envious when I saw buddies CG, Ken G, Jennifer L, Cici T and Joseph A confirm that these were going to be mindblasting Subconsciously I planned my whole NYC trip around this bakery And their chocolate chip walnut cookie was everything I'd imagined it to be if not more. F*ckn Aye, maybe it's not Everyones favorite (i'm a little relieved it's not)  but I have never had a more perfectly baked cookie with my desired ratio of chocolate chips and walnuts, crisp exterior and gooey interior. All this without being undercooked!!!  I thought I found "the one" at Max Brenner Vegas but this one is better and even a buck less. IMO $4 a pop is a fuckin steal for these huge bites of deliciousness! Dude thoroughly enjoyed his chocolate peanut butter cookie and was extremely sad when there was no more to eat...
Levain = Joy. I had these cookies for the first time today. Oh. My. God. People keep writing about how freaking amazing these cookies are. I finally had the opportunity to try them today and they were the greatest oatmeal raisin cookies I have ever had the pleasure of indulging in. The reason this cookie was so amazing was because it had a crunchy exterior, but inside was a bit doughy, making it the perfect combination of textures. The flavors are perfect as well, not too sweet and just enough oat/raisin/sugar ratio. If you haven't gone here yet, you absolutely have to. This is one of the few places that lives up to the hype around it.
Finally went back last weekend after a long absence and OH MY GOD mouth orgasm.  These are pretty much the best cookies ever.  My favorites are the chocolate peanut butter and the chocolate chip walnut. Advice: take them home and put them in the oven.  You won't be sorry.  They are so warm and delicious and gooey.  Sometimes I dream about them...sexy dreams.
We decided to make the trip to Levain and see what all the hoopla was about.  We stood in line to get baked goods - really!?!  Well, the cookies are expensive - and quite large and dense... and delicious.  I took back to Florida a chocolate chocolate chip for my son and it was probably the best souvenir i could get my chocoholic son.  We also tried the lemon cake (which was very lemony).  And the baguette with butter and jam was delicious (just be careful of the stuff that oozes out the back end).  We There is no place to eat inside (barely enough to stand) so we took our goodies to the park nearby and enjoyed them there.  The selection of goods isn't very big but the taste makes up for it!  Worth the trip.
Are you people crazy?  How am I supposed to lose any weight with cookies like this within a 20 mile radius...... Ordered one of each and shared with my thin modelesque (sp?) friend who hates eating.lol  MY favorites are the oatmeal and the chocolate pb.  They taste waaaaaaaay better than they look.  The centers are so amazing. I'm not a cookie girl but I love these.
The BEST cookie ever! chocolate chip walnut is the best in the city. a must try!
You could probably kill someone with these cookies; if not by throwing one at their head, then by getting them addicted to them.  I'm not generally a chocolate chip cookie person but I ate an entire 6 ounce chocolate chip walnut cookie by myself and was ready for more (luckily I'd told a friend I was buying her a cookie there or her chocolate peanut butter cookie would have disappeared next).
I bring every out of town guest here for the best chocolate chip cookie in town! Warm and gooey in the center with walnuts. Its huge, and you'll think of sharing 1 between 2 people, but once you taste it, you will want the whole thing for yourself! I have also tried the chocolate banana bread. Its pretty good too.
AMAZING doesn't describe how good this cookie is.  Just eat one...or 4.
Best cookies I've ever had!!!! If I'm ever in this neighborhood, I can't resist stopping in and getting one or a dozen cookies!
Turn down for what, cookiesssss! When you dip down the steps to enter Levain bakery you are hit with a whaff of cooookie aroma. Yum. Then you get to the counter and your heart says buy it all, do it. Sensibly you buy one or two as I did today. They offer not just cookies as they are a bakery. I purchased a chocolate walnut cookie and a slice of banana bread. Wow All and everything was good. I also tried the oatmeal cookie my friend picked, but once you go chocolate ain't nuttin else have taste. Trust me. Okay enjoy sensibly. PS it's great to see peoples faces on the train when I'm gnawing on my walnut chocolate chip cookie, their eyes light up. It's great.
I have tried their famous chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was a great quality indeed. The cookie was really warm and the chocolate inside was melting, which I liked a lot. The combination of walnuts and chocolate was so tasty. The reason why I take one star away is the price. I think it is little too overpriced for the size of the cookie you get ($4).
I don't know how these people can get away with calling these things "cookies". Oreo? Cookie. Chips Ahoy? Cookie. This? This is not a cookie. Or if indeed this IS the definition of a cookie, then no other "cookie" belongs in the same universe. In cookie world, Levain is to the "Keebler Elves" what John Coltrane is to Kenny G in the saxophone world. One is original, incredibly delicious and otherworldly while the other is on sale for $4.99 at K-Mart. There may be larger quantities of the latter, but how could you settle for the latter knowing that the former exists? So while it may seem like a ripoff paying $4 for a cookie, allow me to explain to you just what that $4 is getting you: - a "cookie" that is roughly the size and weight of a softball - two servings of a glorious chocolatey treat (I would NOT recommend eating this in one sitting) - a new cavity. enjoy. - a hell of a story when you walk around the rest of the day with chocolate all over your face You may be disenchanted that they only offer 4 varieties of these sugary gut bombs. You can leave and go somewhere else (insert inferior confectionary establishment here). Make the line shorter for those of us who know what's up! You may also be disenchanted when thinking about how many calories are in one of these things, which I am guessing to be between 600 and 800. Again, go get yourself a box of those nasty Weight Watchers cupcake things (which you will probably eat all of because you have no willpower, thus consuming more calories than you would have on the delicious cookie) and eat them while running on the treadmill. Seriously. These cookies are what dreams are made of. Bring some insulin.
I think this place would get 5 stars just from the smell of freshly baked Mega cookies. I absolutely love this place. The most delicious, gooey yet crunchy cookies. They are just PERFECT.  One cookie weighs as much as at least 3 brownies. :) I love it.   I had the chocolate / peanut butter one and let me tell you - teven though these cookies are enormous I was not willing to share (not that I had to). The staff was extremely professional and pleasant. A must have if you are into cookies!
If what you want is  cookies this place is a MUST! We had the chocolate chip with walnuts and the dark chocolate peanut butter- both are delectable and quite possibly THE BEST cookies I have ever had.  The bag weighed about 4 lbs. for 3 cookies- seriously, these are some dense cookies.  Very rich and rather large, they will last you for several days, unless you plan to eat sweets for lunch instead of food :)  I thought $3.50 was overpriced for a cookie, but then I tasted it and it somehow made up for the cost :)  (Plus they are so large it's really 3 cookies in one!) The sourdough rolls were perfect- mildly crunchy on outside and soft on the inside.  We also got some whole wheat/raisin rolls which we have yet to sample, but they just looked so yummy I couldn't pass them up!   WIll absolutely go back!
OMG... this had to the biggest, meatiest chocolate chip cookie i've ever had! it's seriously sooo good. best of all, it's only 1 stop away from where i work! loves it! they are definitely not cheap, but its worth it if not eaten in one sitting. =)
Double chocolate chip and regular! whoot! whoot! definitely a must try in NYC.
Full Disclosure. I've never had a full cookie from Levain Bakery, but they are so good I have dreams of them.  I don't like walnuts, but kept going back for bites like a hungry bird when we shared a 'chocolate chip walnut' cookie. They are homestyle cookies - chunky, big and warm gooey insides. Melty-rich chocolate chip goodness.  The Chocolate Peanut Butter is also incredibly good and super rich, but go for the old-school classic (any variation of chocolate chip).  Cash only, best served warm.  This might be a cupcake town, but I'd rather have a cookie like this any day.
I honestly cannot rectify why anyone would give this place less than five stars.  I challenge you to eat a better cookie anywhere.  AMAZING!!!
best.cookies.EVER! These gi-normous meteorite cookies are divine! They're baked to perfection...baked on the outside and soft yummy goodness on the inside. I absolutely love their oatmeal raisin and peanut butter cookies. It's a little expensive, but the size and taste of it makes it so very well worth it.
The chocolate peanut butter cookie is seriously orgasmic..esp right from the oven.
Levain was recommended by my New Yorker cousin as her favorite New York cookie. We went on a Sunday afternoon and were surprised to find a line outside the bakery. We decided to wait and were not disappointed. The line moved quickly, lasting no longer than 8min. We ordered 2 of the classic chocolate chip with nuts. WOW. The cookies are chunky, large, and soft and gooey in the center. A dream. Can't wait to go back
Very delicious
Calling all Cookie Monsters!! If you've never tried a Levain cookie you are truly missing out. Their rich chocolaty goodness is like heaven in your mouth. I do not consider myself a sweet lover, and rarely do I order dessert... but oh man do not stick these cookies in front of me if you expect them to last long!! In fact, I can only walk by here on rare occasion as I like the way my clothes currently fit and too many trips to Levain may jeopardize that.
This is a real treat! I was in the neighborhood so I thought I'd stop by at this infamous bakery! I tried the Oatmeal Raisin cookie, and was really blown away. At first, I was telling myself, "How good can a cookie be if it's not baked by me??" Jk. I really think they have the recipe down to a science. The outside is crispy and crunchy like the texture of a coconut macaroon, and the inside is soft and slightly doughy. Not overly sweet - just the right amount of sweetness. How did they bake a better cookie than me? They sure have me fooled.
Hello, my name is cookie whore and I have an addiction to cookies. *Room says: hello cookie whore." Now that you know where I stand on cookies and their awesome-ness I must say that the cookies at Levain are delicious, gooey, warm, and delicious. I tried both the chocolate chip walnut and the oatmeal raisin. $7.50 is a little steep for 2 cookies in my opinion. Luckily I don't live in NYC (yet) so I won't be able to fulfill my urges for these cookies on a daily, but I can see how it would become an expensive habit for those who do.
Probably the best cookie in NY.  6oz -- hard to take down in one serving.  But if you really want to go all out, pick up some Breyer's vanilla ice cream and a Levain chocolate chip -- nuke the cookie for 30 seconds, and serve a la mode with a scoop of vanilla.  Out of this world.   And, for some reason, I find it easier to eat a la mode than as a cookie alone (can never finish it otherwise...odd).
How I came about these cookies is a long story... but here goes anyway: I once met a French man from Paris while traveling through Patagonian Argentina. We stayed at the same hostel and I gave him tips on how to trek the W trek of Torres del Paine in Chile. Then we parted ways and I went off to Buenos Aires while he went to Chile. As luck would have it, the first day I was in Buenos Aires I was robbed and lost everything, including my passport and all my money. As more luck would have it, it was the holidays there and the US embassy was closed, so I ended up stranded in the city for several days. Finally somehow I got my passport and made it to the airport, but sadly watched as three flights departed without me over the 28-some hours I was there before I could make it on my own flight. Somehow during those last tedious hours of waiting, I ran into Mr. French Man yet again - by pure luck. An earlier flight of his was cancelled and he ended up having to stay the night in Buenos Aires on his long haul of flights home. It was the only reason he was there. We talked again to pass the time and we realized we were both passing through New York on our ways home. Then the topic of food came up and he told me the story of this cookie from Levain Bakery in NYC. He said it was the cookie that changed his life. Ever since he was a kid he did not like cookies because, well, being French and all, he ate what he thought were cookies which were actually biscuits. Dry, terrible, hard biscuits. Then one day a friend of his convinced him to retry the cookie here at Levain. Referred to as the best chocolate chip cookie ever, he gave it a shot and never bad-mouthed the name of 'cookie' again. His whole world spun at what he now discovered as a Real cookie that he was trying for the first time in his adult life. I cannot say no to an amazing cookie, not to mention a life-changing cookie, so the first thing I did after my flight was to find this cookie. If it weren't for getting robbed and the French guy's cancelled flight, I would have probably NEVER found this cookie. That is how amazing things happen from a series of unfortunate events. As for the cookie, could I say best cookie ever? Well, I don't know about best, but it is quite amazingly good. The chocolate chip walnut cookie is rich, delicious, and soft and chewy with a little crunch on the outside. I would definitely put it on my Top 5 list. What it doesn't do for me is my ideal cookie preferences, but I can see how this one is award winning for most... it's a little scone-like and breadier than most, but still soft. I more prefer extremely thin and flat cookies with chewiness but not so scone-y. Still - a SOLID 4.5 stars and more if they had other amazing flavors. P.S. I went back for seconds in my 4 days in NYC.
When I went there the line was out the door, which is a good sign. I was hesitant when I saw that each cookie was $4. After taking a bite, I realized that it is completely worth $4. The cookies are huge, so they are about the size of 3 normal cookies. And they are so gooey and amazing! My favorite is the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter! It's not even like eating a cookie, it's like eating melty peanut butter fudge with a crispy cookie outside! I highly recommend this bakery!
Their chocolate-walnut cookie is the BEST chocolate chip cookie in the world. Bar none. Crispy on the outside, slightly doughy inside with tons of half-melted chocolate chips, weighs half a pound, basically EVERYTHING that a perfect chocolate chip cookie should be. I wasn't crazy about sticky buns when I tried them (only available on weekends) but they deserve five stars JUST for the perfection that their chocolate-walnut cookie is.
Huge cookies that are so yummy! I went on a Sunday afternoon and the line was short and moved quickly. The staff was pleasant too. I got two cookie one to eat right then and one for later. They were warm when I got them.
These cookies are amazing! They are not cheap, but it is difficult to finish a single cookie, so I guess you get what you pay for? They are very filling cookies. I tried the chocolate chocolate chip -- definitely the best cookie I'd ever had.
Their chocolate brioche is one of the best-tasting things I've ever eaten. Unfortunately, they frequently run out of their more popular items if you're not there early on a weekend, but that's just because it's all SO good. The line looks a little intimidating sometimes, but it usually moves pretty quickly, and it's definitely worth a wait.
Only had these once before but i'm heading back to NYC and will for sure being doing this again! Not only are they delish but the whole experience of buying them is worth it.
Ohmigod.  Has the world ever before seen such a rich chocolate cookie?  I can't even imagine the amount of butter that was in the chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips....not really a cookie, more like biting into the best fudge ever (you know...fudge can be a little too much sometimes, but a fudgy cookie is so much better).   The oatmeal raisin was also delightful, soft with that batter taste I like (not hard but cooked but not overcooked but almost on the verge of being undercooked...I know that description doesn't sound appetizing but I trust you know what I mean).   I soooo want to come back for the brioche and the brioche with chocolate chips. Julie K and I happily strolled around Central Park with these gigantic cookies in our hands.  Perfect day with one of my favorite Yelpers with the perfect cookie.
Cookies are as amazing as the last time I sank my teeth into them. I have been lucky enough to have Levain cookies about 4x a year although I live in California because my sis will bring them home when she visits NYC. Eating them fresh again for the first time in a year though was the best. // FOOD //     + Chocolate peanut butter cookie: Peanut butter oozes out of every crevice of the cookie     + Chocolate chip walnut cookie: Monster of a cookie than I have to consume in 2-3 sittings. Warm, melty, and gooey on the inside, and crunchy on the outside.     + Oatmeal raisin: Tasty, but def not my fave Levain, you guys are cookie genuses.
All I can say is buy a cookie and get out of there!!!!  Or if you sit at the counter on one of their stools make sure your back is facing the cookies coz you'll be inclined to try them all. I started with the chocolate peanut butter cookie which was heavenly.  I made those oohing sounds with each bite as my eyes rolled to the back of my head from pure elation. I was about to head out the store when I caught a glimpse of the chocolate chip brioche, so I proceeded to purchase one of those.  The oohing sounds got louder as the melted chocolate landed on my tongue. It tasted like a sugary donut filled with chocolate...can it get any better than that??!! As I proceeded to get up again the bombolini was calling out to me, but I quickly blocked my ears and ran out the door and vowed to come back another time to gobble it up.
I've seen the bakery on "Throwdown with Bobby Flay" on the food network. The cookies looked delicious on my TV screen so I knew I wanted to try them for myself. I lucked out this past weekend since I would be in the area to see the Nutcracker at Lincoln Center. We had just enough time before our 1pm show to go to Levain Bakery grab a cookie and some coffee and walk back. Boy was it worth it. I got one cookie to split, since they are huge and I didn't think I would be allowed to bring outside food into the theater. I figured I'd have to buy only what I could eat in the 30 minutes before the show began. Walking into the bakery you're hit with an overwhelming and delicious smell of chocolate. I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie and two cups of coffee. The coffee was ok, but who cares, I was really there for the cookie. Normally I do not like nuts in my baked goods. No nuts in my brownies or in my cookies, but the nuts in this cookie really enhanced the flavors. There was a nice crunch to the outside of the cookie, yet magically it was still soft on the inside. The nuts help cut some of the sweetness of the chocolate chips which made for a perfectly created chocolate chip cookie. One day I will return and buy one of each type. The chocolate peanut butter chip one was calling my name, and I must try it.
I don't like chocolate. I don't like cookies. But I took a chunk of my friend's because she said it didn't matter. She was right. The double chocolate peanut butter cookie was to die for. Ooey gooey on the inside. The oatmeal raisin (??) was really good, too.
They have monster size cookies, best cookies I ever had. Try walnut chocolate chip cookies. Little bit pricy ($4 for a cookie), but worth your penny.
I was in NY for 3 weeks and I think I came here about 5 times.  I live in SF so it's not like we're lacking in the restaurant/bakery department but this place is incredible.  I know people tend to exaggerate on here but this is the most amazing cookie I've ever had in my life.  It's not like those normal pancake-thin-hard cookies you find in other bakeries.  They bake them fresh so right when you bite into this thick-sugary goodness the warm choc chips start oozing out.   From scones to bread, everything is made with the utmost perfection.
I'm pretty traditional in my likes/dislikes and I still happened to like the dark chocolate/peanut butter better than the basic walnut chocolate chip cookie. Yes they're fresh and huge but too greasy for me. Like eating a cookie meatloaf, I sort of regret it afterwards.
Not much in this world lives up to "The Hype."  Levain is one delicious exception.
Want a little bite of heaven? Levain cookies. Got the munchies? Levain cookies. Need a pick-me-up? Levain cookies. Have a sweet tooth? Levain cookies. Need a big sugar rush? Levain cookies. Where would you find the best cookies ever....? LEVAIN COOKIES. If looking at the pictures of the cookies has you drooling, just go to the bakery and have some. The only regret you'll have is not buying more. If you can't decide on which one, then try every flavor. It's not like you'll be disappointed. And it's more than worth the price $4 a pop because you'll never get a cookie so big. It's probably five cookies put together. The cookies don't even lose any of their glory after you've heat them up again in the microwave. My favorites are the dark chocolate peanut butter chip or oatmeal raisin. A word of advice though, it's deliciousness at first bite can lead you to an epic sugar downfall...eat maybe half of a cookie and save the rest. Or be brave and stuff down all the goodness you can. Either way, you'll be coming back for more Levain cookies.
Once, I went on a date with a guy who attended college in New York City. I told him how much I had fun in Manhattan and really loved the cookies at Levain Bakery. He proceeded to tell me how all of Manhattan sucks, then offered to buy me a box of cookies at a nearby restaurant. Ha, yeah right, buddy. Nice attempt with trying to seduce me with peasant cookies. [/ end of date] Forget the question: "What would you do for a Klondike Bar?" Really, it should be: "What would you do for a Levain cookie?" I was once tempted to pay almost $60 for a box of cookies to be shipped to my home, but my senses came to me. But seriously, they're THAT GOOD. The bakery is located in a downstairs shop with narrow steps. It's tiny, cramped, and the lines can stretch to the outside, but you won't have to wait too long. Cookies are $4.00 each, and there are four flavors: Oatmeal Raisin, Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Dark Peanut Butter Chip, and Chocolate Chip Walnut. Both the Dark Peanut Butter Chip and Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip are so delicious and decadent --- you'll definitely need a tall glass of milk. By the way, these cookies are huge! They're constantly cranking out cookies here, and you can see the staff baking the cookies right before your eyes -- and with smiles on their faces. I've tried to make copycat Levain cookies at home. The recipes are close to what I've had, but never the same. I guess that means I'll have to take another trip to NYC and buy a tray of cookies to go.
I dream about their chocolate chip walnut cookies. I wish they didn't close at 7 pm so I could make it over there every day after work. I wish I lived in the UWS so I could stop by for breakfast every day before work. I wish people couldn't upload photos on Yelp so I didn't waste the past 5 minutes staring at photos of the gooey, chocolatey mounds of heaven. If you havent gone here, GO. This is one place that's not overrated.
The chocolate chip walnut cookie is easily the best I've ever had. Very large, soft inside and a little crispy on the outside, it is the perfect cookie. Looking forward to trying more flavors from this hidden gem!
MONSTER COOKIES! If the cookie world went to war, I would imagine these babies as massive spaceships shooting down all the measly sized cookies in cookie land. The first time I had these was after ice-skating with a couple of friends in the Museum of Natural History. The cookies were hot off the baking tray and we ALMOST destroyed them all. My favorite is the dark chocolate chip cookie. The $4 price sounds ridiculous but it's literally the size of a mini cake. Ingredients are obscenely generous with plenty of butter, sugar, flour, and chocolate packed into a veritable cookie bomb. (The bottom of the white paper bag quickly becomes stained with butter oil from the cookie, which is a little gross). The shop is tiny and service is always friendly. Once you go down the steps, you are enveloped with the smell of freshly made cookies, with sugar particles assaulting all your senses. If you walk in and out with no cookie in hand, you're not human. Pair the cookies with a bottle of milk and you've got yourself a match made in heaven :)
Wow!  This is chocolate chip goodness to the max!  Like TOTALLY!! The rise about 2 inches into the air and are chunky, gooey, crispy, crunch insanity.  Love the chunks of walnuts and  the delish not overly sweet chips - a really good ratio.  They're almost too rich to eat warm as they are very soft in the center and make a bit of a mess... I actually enjoyed mine better the next day..  At $4 a little pricey, but these cookies are the equivalent of two cookies and nearly impossible to eat in one sitting.
Delicious!  Everything is so fresh.  It is difficult to just select one item if you are watching your waistline.  That said, it is a tiny place.  Cookies are a dream! Everything YUM. Gooey and insane.  Prices are well worth it and ingredients are quality.
So we had a cookie tasting party - 50 people, alcohol and cookies from Levain, Jacques Torres, City Bakery, Bouley Bakery, Bouchon Bakery,  and Milk and Cookies.  The vote was split at the top between Levain and Jacques Torres, although every cookie got at least one top choice vote. Indeed, my household is split as well - two kids and my wife like Levain best, but the other two and I like Jacques Torres.  With that out of the way, here's my take on both. Levain cookies have been fairly well described by other reviewers.  They are huge, rich, sweet, with crunch from walnuts.  We cut them into small pieces and store them in the freezer - I think I like them better cold and crunchy, but if you pop them in the microwave for 20 seconds, they turn all gooey.  They are the cookie for hedonists with a big time sweet tooth. Jacques Torres chocolate chip cookies are the Yin to Levain's Yang.  The chocolate is fantastic and bitter and the cookie is crisp and salty.  The combo is sophisticated and deeply satisfying.  This is a cookie for aesthetes who value subtlety.  Of course, buy them as part of Jacques Torres ice cream sandwiches (go for the Banana) and you can satisfy the hedonist as well. A quick comment on the others.  City Bakery has its fans for its crispy/chewy texture and strong carmelized sugar flavor.  Bouley and Bouchon are quite similar - upscale versions of the basic toll house concept.  Milk and Cookies has oatmeal in the basic chocolate chip recipe, and was more consistent under the first ownership in my opinion.
Hands down, the best cookies I've ever eaten. One of the only reasons to go up to the UWS.
The best blueberry muffins in the world! But get 'em early! Cookies are also amazing.
BEST COOKIES EVER! LOVED it! went here, the staff is super efficient and friendly, I ordered the chocolate chip cookies with walnuts. Note: i hate nuts in cookies, but in this cookie it just worked. it was a symphony of ooey gooey chocolate chip cookie goodness. crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. perfect.
Hands down the best cookie I have ever had. I had the Chocolate chip walnut, simply amazing. The consistency is different from normal cookies, they are very fluffy and almost like scones (but I am not complaining). And the cookies are HUGE! The other sweets they have here are also amazing. One of the best bakeries in NYC, if not the absolute best.
I have a love/hate relationship with this place. LOVE: their huge muffin/scone sized cookies. They are amazingly delicious. I can't get enough of them. HATE: their long as$ lines, and that each cookie is $4!!! That is all. But I will still buy their cookies because they are amazing....
Big and Beautiful... These puppies are handed to you nice and warm. The delicious aroma of chocolate makes me a happy camper. As I break off a piece of the cookie, I see loads of melted chocolate chips. It's ooey gooey goodness I tell ya. The cookie is lightly crisp on the outside but soft inside. After the first bite, I was in my happy place. This is definitely a chocoholics dream come true. They are about $4 each, which is leaning towards the pricier side. Then again, this isn't just an ordinary cookie. It's not only big but well prepared. Levian, you make one heck of a cookie!
Levain makes my all time favorite cookies. You cannot compare the inner gooey and perfectly sweet to any other cookie (though I argue mine comes close). To top it off, the workers are very friendly. Even when there's a long line, they are patient and helpful. I also recommend buying a carton of milk there to complete the whole package. Grab a Levain cookie before your stroll in Central Park, you won't regret it!
If you're a cookie-holic like me, this is a MUST TRY place if you're in Manhattan! On the first morning I was in New York, I took the A train into Manhattan and transferred over to the C train to make my first stop of my three day food adventure here at Levain. When I first walked down into the shop, the place was bustling with workers baking batches and batches of cookies. The shop was not overly crowded with a steady flow going in and out. The seating is very limited and cramped but it is Manhattan after all.   I ordered a dark chocolate chip cookie. It was the best cookie I've ever tasted! Like what other reviewers have stated, the cookies are literally the size of your fist! (unless you have a very large one...) When I first bit into the cookie, the chocolate chips were gushing out. The cookie was made freshly and warm to the touch when I received it. The texture was soft and chewy, yet a little crunchy out on outside, just the way I like my cookies. It literally took me 5 whole minutes to finish the giant clump. The pricing, on the other hand, is pretty high for a cookie ($4). But it's definitely a must-try! If you have a friend with you, you can just split it. A cookie for breakfast isn't the smartest thing to do, but I definitely do not regret it!
Their CC with Walnut is good. Dense, heavy, slightly undercooked and eggy on the inside, the texture is amazing. Currently a cookie runs $4.00 a pop. I bought two cookies. Upon reflection, I was shocked that I just spent $8.00 on two cookies. But definitely worth trying. They also serve illy coffee which made me happy. Levain really gets something between 3.5 and 3.75. Their cookies are good, and so is the coffee, but is it enough to keep me coming back? I guess we will see.
Cookies so rich they will leave you dehydrated. Seriously, don't do this without a drink. The cookies are perfectly undercooked in the middle. Suggest splitting with a friend.
There is not much more to be said about LeVain Bakery than what has already been noted in the previous reviews.  However, here's the breakdown on pros and cons: PROS: -The cookies are ginormous (easily splittable but, trust me, you'll want it all for yourself). -They don't scrimp on the butter so each cookie has the perfect sugary, gritty, artery-clogging texture that it ought to.  Just a bit of crunch and a whole lot of decadence. -Each flavor is absolutely delicious, even the oatmeal raisin, which on principle shouldn't even compare with the double chocolate. CONS: -Expensive?  I put the question mark because, really, does price matter when the cookies are that good?  I think not. BOTTOM LINE: Favorite:  Chocolate peanut butter (the perfect mix of salty and sweet, though you can't go wrong with any of the flavors). Suggestion:  Grab Gray's Papaya beforehand and make a LeVain stop for dessert.  Perfect salty/sweet balance.  It's a beautiful thing.  (Avoid food guilt by taking a walk over to Central Park, always works for me!) Warning:  These aren't your average dinky bakery cookies, come prepared to gorge yourself.
Yes, Virginia, this bakery does live up to all the hype!
Fantastic. Amazing. Delicious. If you're a tourist YOU MUST STOP HERE! The cookies are out of this world. I pick this place over Magnolia EVERY TIME when it comes to a sweets craving. My job gets out shortly after they close, but every time I have run over to Levain's, even if it's 30 minutes after closing time, they have let me in to make a purchase. The owners are kind, courteous and engaging. There is clearly a lot of care, love, and devotion that has gone into this business. I pretty much want to go here every day.
Overrated and expensive. Insomia is much much better cookies and they cost less. also Insomia cookies are hot and they deliver. Its the best by far.
DREAMING ABOUT THESE. UGH. KILL ME. Every one of my friends and family know I am a sucker for sweets and well, these cookies are the size of my whole hand, about an inch and a half thick, and ooze yummy sugary/buttery goodness. x__x Each cookie is probably 500-600 calories but who cares, I'll eat 5 of them in a day. That's the thing--these cookies make you FORGET your conscience..in fact, they brainwash you into stuffing those cookies in your mouth and not feel guilty. ...Okay maybe a little guilty once you  get a huge sugar high and feel a little sick to your stomach (but ya know, that's all my own my fault). Anyway, when I stopped by (around 3-4pm on a Saturday), there wasn't much of a line (lucky for us!!) and we got to order our cookies pretty quickly. WHAT WE GOT: 1. Oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip cookie (and got some to go as well): They were divine. Cookies were cooked through, but still SO INCREDIBLY gooey on the inside, and nice and crisp on the outside--OH my god my taste buds were thanking me--The chocolate chips literally melted into gooeyness as you pulled the cookie apart. The oatmeal raisin was beyond perfect too. Tips: --These cookies are decadent so ordering some milk with your cookies will definitely be the way to go. --Share this with a friend if you want, because I'm sure 1 cookie equals to at least 2-3 average-sized cookies -- Come during hours that aren't as popular to avoid a long wait/line. STAFF: Super friendly! They were very cheery and made the experience even better. ATMOSPHERE: It's a very small bakery where you walk down a couple steps into the vicinity--there are 2 stools inside, and a bench outside. Not much room, but then again, you can walk around with your cookie to burn off some of that sugar ;)
Levain Bakery lives up to all the hype... They have the best cookies! First of all, the cookies here are ginormous! Second of all, they really pack the dough with nuts and chocolate chips, so every bite has a chocolately morsel. Third of all, they are made fresh... Like "right out of the oven" fresh, when you order. We got the Double Chocolate & Walnut Chocolate Chip. I liked the Walnut Chocolate chip the best. I like nuts in my cookies and there was definitely plenty of it! We also got some milk to wash down the gooey chewy goodness... Milk & Levain Cookies... *drools*
Cookie Bombs!! (3-5 cookies combined into one!) Tiny little storefront nestled into a Brownstone basement close to Central Park and the picturesque Upper West Side.   Okay so the bench out front isn't very comfortable. There are only a few stools to sit on inside, but if you're looking for a tasting treat to pick up and take with you when you go then Levain will change your perspective on what a cookie could be. Breads, Pizzas, and COOKIE BOMBS!!  Piping hot just from the oven, my walnut chocolate chip cookie was SUPER sweet and gooey on the inside. After letting the cookie cool I have to say I actually prefer the taste an hour later instead of fresh out of the oven, but either way the semi-sperical mound of gigantic cookie was not something I could finish on my own.  I have to say I'm a fan. Date Rating: 3 Pick up Scale: N/A (Srini will say it's a 10 because you have to pick up the cookies, but this isn't a place to come sit, have coffee and meet people so sorry Srini it's not applicable) Strong Suggestion:  BYOB -  whatever beverage you want just bring it along with you since you can't sit inside, why not?
Wow, there are a lot of reviews for Levain on Yelp.  I had heard so much about them, I had high expectations.  I wanted to try the chocolate brioche but they only had cinnamon.  I got that and a peanut butter chocolate cookie.  I thought both were quite average and nothing I'd go out of my way for.  Not sure what all the hype is about.
GOOD LORD are these cookies awesome. You can't eat more than one without testing the tensile strength of your innards, but you'll be tempted. Don't do it. If you're not a local, do yourself a favor and buy one of each.  Freeze the ones you don't eat right away and warm them up in the oven when you're ready to get your grub on. Cookies are $4/each and travel well. Mine made the trip to California just fine.
Yeap... there is a reason this is 5 stars.  Best cookies I've ever had.  100% charm.  I love it.   Pricey but compare it to stuff like say "Crumbs" i mean this is better and feels much more "real".
I'm not a huge baked goods fan, but when a friend was visiting they had heard of Levain Bakery and wanted to try it out, and I am so glad we did. In the Upper West Side, it is a bit of a hike (coming from Queens), but the cookies are enormous and so delicious.  I had the dark chocolate chocolate chip, and holy smokes was it rich. Also a little pricey (for a cookie), but worth it for the experience, and that cookie could potentially last you a week if you take it slow (I ate mine in its entirety and then I had a stomach ache, whoops).  You will also wait in a line, but it moves pretty quickly. I heard tell that the cookies slow bake in the oven for something like six hours?! That's not verified at all, don't quote me. But they are mighty good cookies. I suspect it's mighty good bread too.
There is not much too say except that everything is amazing, especially the chocolate chip cookies. I would go as far to say there is no other cookie like it. It may be expensive for a cookie, but it is worth it. Must try!
Best cookies I've ever had. Delicious and doughie in the middle. A little expensive, but totally worth it.
Best chocolate chip cookie in the world. No doubt, no competition, no hyperbole! One of the many reasons I miss the city.
The cookie monster would approve.
I asked some friends what were the best things in New York and one of them suggested Levain Bakery for their chocolate chip cookie. OMG. First I was like what is this giant cookie doing in my bag? It's definitely worth the $4. I got both the chocolate chip walnut cookie and the oatmeal raisin. I think that the chocolate chip walnut cookie was definitely much better than the oatmeal raisin, but it might be because I'm in love with chocolate chip cookies. It was perfect. The outside was the right amount of crispness and the inside was so soft, warm and gooey from the chocolate chips. There was a line - even at like 4 pm in the afternoon, but worth the little amount of wait I had. Definitely will have to stop by next time and get a whole bunch of them.
It's hard to give a place anything but a 5-star if your Facebook profile picture at one point was at the venue espousing its delicious goodies. Levain is top notch stuff, and the soft, chewy, almost-half-baked, heavily-buttered types of cookies are by far my favorite. Sure they make you feel gross (I hear cookies here are 800 to 1,000 calories!), but wow are they delicious. My favorite is the dark chocolate peanut butter, but the double chocolate and the famous chocolate chip walnut are amazing as well (I haven't tried the oatmeal raisin, but I'm sure that's delectable as well). Without proper liquids, these cookies will dry out your mouth and dampen the experience. Therefore, I think it may be a good idea to go to the Duane Reade nearby and buy a jug of milk. There's so many pics of the cookies here already I didn't want to post another one and therefore posted one on the pizzas they offer. Love how they can ship the cookies if you just go on their website, although I wonder how good quality those would be. Maybe you just need to pop them in the microwave. Also, I love the Levain Cam here. My old Facebook profile pic used to be one looking at the live camera in the store. It's pretty cool being able to see yourself online and then taking a screenshot of it.
We were watching  a show at the Beacon Theatre and I thought it was the perfect opportunity to buy Levain cookies and have it as a snack either before the show or in between.  I chose the chocolate chip walnut while my friend opted for the oatmeal raisin.   As we entered Beacon and going through security check, my friend was stopped and asked not to bring any food in;  while I was the Cookie Monster who was allowed in.   The cookies were phenomenal and perhaps due to the sourdough starter (which is what "Levain" means), there was much heft,  loft and texture on the scone-like cookie. Needless to say, it is to the interest of the the butter industry to make certain of Levain's success. Judging from its popularity, that is not too difficult to do. :) I was eventually reunited with my friend who refused to part ways during security check with Levain's oatmeal raisin cookie. When I asked where is the cookie, the response I got was: "I ate all of it."  And I thought I was the cookie monster.
Holy schnikes...I didn't think a simple cookie could be that good. They're just the right balance of over-the-top and homemade-by-mom. My fav is the chocolate chip walnut, but they're all amazing.
Can a cookie really send you to cloud 9? YES. At $4 a pop we were able to buy two cookies and split them up to share amongst a crowd. I feel like it'd be dangerous to consume one of these monsters on my own and after all, what's better than sharing a delicious treat with someone you care about?! ( And sharing the calories too!!) It'd be easy to miss this bakery but it's right around the corner from the Beacon Theater on W. 74th street. Head down the stairs and wait online with the rest of the sweet toothed neighbors. Frank Bruni, former NY Times food critic, in an interview with Time Out NY mentioned this bakery and I wanted to go for months. Finally, I bought the double chocolate peanut butter and chocolate chip walnut cookies yesterday. Both were amazing. **** You could have a great night in w/ meat treats from Salumeria Rosi around the block from Levain. Nothing screams lovin' more that savory salumi and buttery chocolate morsels.
I love the cookies, but i would love them even more if I could sit down and have a glass of milk and a pleasant atmosphere.  This is old-school pick it up at the counter and, in my case, eat it on the street. Only a few varieties, but delicious.
The best cookie in NYC!!!!
Oh. My. Gosh. This is the best chocolate chip cookie I have ever bought (and that is saying a lot...I like to think of myself as a "connoisseur of baked goods"). But wow this cookie was incredible. It is the size and density of a scone, and it was perfectly undercooked in the middle, making for a gooey delicious afternoon treat. Yes it cost $4 and who knows how many calories, but it was worth it. I will definitely be back!
$3.75 isn't cheap for what some would qualify of "just a cookie". But once you have put one of these heavy bad boys in your mouth and you feel it release all its melted chocolate.... levainbakery.com/cookies… I'm glad I don't live in the UWS anymore. I would have to be on a treadmill 4 hours a day to keep my figure.
The most delicious, indulgent sweet treats that have ever passed my lips. A little on the costly side at $4 per cookie but totally worth it. These moist, gooey palm sized cookies are the stuff dreams are made of and diabetic comas. Worth the trip, the money and the subsequent heart attack. Oh and the dark haired girl working the counter was very nice and super hot, bonus.
Oooey-gooey yumminess.  These are the real deal.  I mean they are serious cookies.  Not for the faint of cookie heart.  Chocolate chip walnut = my absolute favorite, but the others are delicious too.  A friend told me they were conceived to help train for marathons or triathlons or something like that.  I suppose that means I better get running, but that would be completely worth it.  Cookie monster would be very very happy here!
This bakery has the best cookies in manhattan!  Definitely worth a trip if you don't live nearby and if you do live nearby, then you're in trouble bc these things are incredible. They have four selections of cookies: oatmeal raisin, dark chocolate peanut butter, chocolate chip walnut, and chocolate chocolate chip along with some other bread/muffin selections (but let's be honest, we all go for the cookies). Each and every flavor is delicious but my favorite is the chocolate chip walnut. These cookies literally come straight out of the oven and into your mouth. The center of the cookie is like hot lava cake so you know they're always fresh. Not to mention the size of this cookie would be a healthy serving for two people.  I have nothing bad to say about this bakery. Just don't let the appearance deceive you. The shop is located below street level which looks a little scary at first glance but once you hit the first stair into the bakery and smell that intoxicating cookie smell, you know you're in for a treat. Also be careful because at peak hours, the lines can get pretty long but they do move quickly.
I thought my friend was joking when he said Levain makes the best cookies ever...I was happily proven wrong.  The chocolate walnut cookie is to die for and the other pastries are very delightful as well. This place is a must visit if you're in the area.
You know you have a best friend for life when she takes you to Levain. I had one weekend in New York between Florida and California.  My best friend took me to Levain for The Chocolate Chocolate Chip.  We conquered the HUGE cookie, together, (is there any other way?) and thought to ourselves: Was that even a cookie?  It was so thick and large and moist.  It had elements of maybe a warm-just-out-of-the-oven brownie, or maybe a tiny little chocolate pie of wonder?  Nope, it was simply the best cookie we ever had: buttery, chocolatey, gooey, enormous.  Perfect. It had such a powerful effect on us that, like a pill, it induced an afternoon coma-nap, which we executed in *weekend pants.  Also, we both had tummy aches from eating it too quickly (it's so WARM!) and needed milk.   *Weekend pants can be seen at: brunch, the gym, walks through Central Park, all day shopping for easy-on/easy-off, and now eating cookies at Levain so we can take aforementioned sugar induced coma-naps in comfort...
Everything you hear about this bakery is true. The cookies are the size of your head and worth every bite! The lines are always long but you won't be disappointed! Friendly staff makes it even better!
So I'm walking down the street with friends when the following conversation occurred: Friends 1 & 2 (super excited): Oh my God, we had the best cookies today! Roommate & Me (immediately defensive): Ain't no way.  Nuh uh uh.  WE had the best cookies EVER a couple of days ago. Friends: I don't know...these were amazing; they were huge and chocolately and delicious... Me: Wait a second, what bakery did you go to? Friends: Levain... Me (cracking up): OK, that's legit, you did have the best cookies today - that's what we were talking about. This happened.  And seriously, best cookies ever in life.
Yes, this is the best cookie you will ever have. I have been waiting for a year to have another one since I live out of town. I love the crunch and the density. Got slightly gooey on me today, but a glass of milk cured that! The plain brioche was delicious as well. Update 2011: I come here every time I'm in NYC. Great service...and actually great coffee too. Tried the whole wheat walnut and raison roll and it was a scrumptious snack.
Yes, it's a good cookie (Walnut Chocolate Chip), but it's just a cookie. Other reviews will have you thinking it's the best cookie ever like nothing you've ever tasted, the world stops and you must travel from the far distances of creation to try it... Not really, and not the best cookie I've ever had, but it is good. It's not raw in the middle, just moist and dense and warm. And it is $4, but, come on people, we're in New York. And that's not to mention that's it's more than one cookie serving. If $4 is too much for one cookie, imagine it as $2 for 2.
Small Bakery on uws, try a few different cookies, 3 to be precised, total $18.....no I am not kidding...won't go back.
If you love half baked cookies, Levain is the place.  These cookies are not for a snack, but a meal.  I love the chocolate chocolate chip, the peanut butter, and the chocolate chip walnut equally.  I would go with friends and get each one and share.  I even brought one to London for my friend who loved it.
A cookie lover's dream! I tried the Chocolate Chip Walnut and was not disappointed. The cookies are quite large (one is more than enough) and are crispy on the outside with soft and gooey deliciousness on the inside. The bakery itself is quite small, however, the workers were very efficient at handling the constant stream of customers on the particular Saturday I went. The price of the cookies may seem a bit expensive to some at 4-something each, but I have to say... they are well worth it! Definitely one of the best cookies I have ever eaten.
Amazing chocolate chip cookies!
This is one helluva chocolate chip cookie and that's the draw. I've been one this block a couple of times and never took note of this block. However, in search of a great chocolate chip cookie -- don't ask -- I found this place on Yelp. First thing first, the cookie is excellent. It's a large thick cookie. Think cookie if it was the size of a small biscuit. It's chewy, but not billowy, and not crunchy, save the outside and the walnuts. I thought it was awesome. Levain Bakery may sell other stuff, but most folks are here for the cookies. It's a very small basement level shop that has no seats and a cool internet cam to check yourself out on later. It also sells some drinks. The only downside is there is virtually no where to eat the cookie. (Said in the Cookie Monster's voice.) There are a couple of barstools inside and then a bench outside. So be prepared to eat and run.
OHHHHH MANNNNN. I cannot even begin to express how happy I am that I found this gem on my last day in NY.  I was on the search for good treats to bring back home to cali for my friends and family and I wanted something really unique, but really good as well. I was originally going to bring home momofuku, but honestly, I would rather bring home something that's downright good, than something that is famous but sucks. Levain was EXACTLY what I wanted! This bakery is VERY tiny, so be prepared to walk straight into the line once you get down the stairs.  They have 4 different cookie flavors I think, but I only tried 2 of them - the chocolate chip with walnut and the peanut butter chocolate. THESE COOKIES ARE THE SIZE OF A BISCUIT. SO HUGE. But what is most suprising, is how extremely soft, moist, and ooey gooey these cookies are inside! amazing flavor and so worth the $4!! Next time, I definitely have to try the oatmeal raisin! I am coming back for you Levain!!
Levain [n. lv]   1. Sourdough in French. Cookie [n. kook-ee]   1. A small sweet cake, typically round and flat. Hype [n. hahyp]   1. Exaggerated publicity; hoopla.
I first visited this establishment back in 2011. It's 2014 and the quality and the yummy-ness of their cookies have not changed. Amazing oatmeal raisin cookies. All their cookies are humongous and have the ability to induce diabetic-coma! Love it.
I work very close to this place but never would have noticed it had a friend not forced me to go there.  It was world-changing.  Now, I enjoy changing everyone else's world too. Levain has barely enough room to fit a cash register, a display case, and four stools, but their $4 apiece cookies are amazing.  The *best* strategy is to ask for whichever cookie is hottest, because as we all know, if a cookie is great at room temperature, it is mind-blowingly amazing when hot.  I, like others, am a huge fan of the chocolate-peanut-butter-chip cookies, which combine the best aspects of cookie & brownie into one caloric treat. As a side note, while I have never tried them, the other array of baked goods here always look terrific.  Some day I'm going to go for breakfast and grab one of their delicious muffins, or fresh baked baguette smeared with salted butter and housemade conserves, or cinnamon brioche.  It's true, most people (me included) only come here for the cookies, but I would put money on everything else being delicious too.
I would probably eat one of these everyday if they didn't make me fat. Maybe 2 actually. They're bloody delicious. Best eaten fresh, but if you must bring them away, they typically don't last for more than a day or two on a kitchen counter.. not at my house at least. $4 a cookie.. but worth every penny.
I've had the cookies and I've had the brioche chocolate bread. In all honesty, I think both were undercooked. Normally when I make cookies myself I'll undercook them, but then those cookies are a lot smaller. I feel when I have a cookie here I am so overwhelmed with the texture that I can't taste anything besides "gooey." The brioche chocolate bread wasn't very good at all. The brioche also tasted undercooked, like a big ball of dough. Brioche should taste light and buttery, but again, the texture overwhelmed any taste. Just my two cents. I know I'm in the minority. Nice staff, however.
These cookies are about the size of your whole hand, soft, and gooey. It's the perfect cookie. I bought one and ate it before the NY Halloween thing in Central Park, and afterward, I bought the other 2 cookies they had (blame it on finding parking right in front of Levain, it must've been a sign).  Definitely worth the $12 for 3 cookies that day. My favorite was the chocolate chip. It's such a classic, but trust me, it will be the best chocolate chip cookies you've ever eaten.
What can I say except, these cookies are damn good. Super rich and super soft they are truly delicious. I am not sure if they are really cookies as much as small cakes. Only complaint is $4 a cookie is a bit much but it doesn't seem to bother anyone. Great gift to bring to friends and family for the holidays.
I never knew what I cookie was until I went to this place. At first I was shocked by the price, but you really can't price a religious experience. This cookie transports you to another universe, it's that good. I'm very sensitive to sugar, so I don't quite understand what others are complaining about because this is truly the most perfectly balanced cookie I've ever had; lightly crunchy outside, moist and chewy inside, and you can see the sweet chocolate slowly oozing out as you take a bite. I like also that I don't really get a hard crunch from the walnuts, they're soft but doesn't fall apart in your mouth as soon as you bite into it. The chocolate chip walnut is best, and I feel that you actually get the sweetness from the chocolate chips not the dough. And besides, it's a cookie, it's supposed to be sweet!
Amazing bakery (not overrated like so many others), line can be long at times but the cookies are killer.  I walk by it to get to the subway and it is hard to not go in every time.
Best brioche and chocolate cookie in all of NYC. Just order it and be in heaven. Pro tip: chocolate chip brioche, then order a latte or mocha. Dunk it in your coffee. You'll be in heaven. you can thank me later
I had the pleasure of coming here a few weeks ago, and I tried the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie since I am a huge peanut butter lover. I also love cookies, and I like to think of myself as somewhat of a cookie aficionado as cookies are my favorite dessert and something I bake quite a lot.  This was one of the best cookies I've ever had in my entire life. It was amazing and worth the 1000 or so calories. If you are in New York and you also like cookies, you need to come here. You will not be disappointed. For the people complaining that $4 for a cookie is expensive given the size, I think $4 is completely reasonable given the quality of these cookies. I'm definitely going back to try the other flavors, particularly the chocolate chip cookie. I'm just glad I don't live nearby; otherwise I'd be here everyday and my waistline would hate me! But seriously, if you have the chance, go to this bakery.
If you want a chunky warm cookie at any given moment.. Then drop on by. At $4 for a cookie its a bit steep but everything in nyc is, so if you want a good cookie, you gotta cough up the dough. I had the walnut chocolate chip but I really wanted to try the triple chocolate chip b/c it looked a lot better. I was only taking a bite out of a cookie and wasn't int he mood at that moment for cookies, but they do make a damn good cookie. Tiny place that only fits 6 people in line, the rest is going out the front door. Just go and spend the $4 on a cookie, they are good!
If God created chocolate chip walnut cookie, this would be it.  I live a few blocks away  on the UWS and no matter when I pop in, it seems I can get a warm, gooey centered cookie.  They're not cheap at $4 a pop, but the cookie is big enough to share. I've tried the Oatmeal Raisin (also delicious) and the Double Chocolate (which was kind of like a brownie).  I think this place must have made the NYC guide books cause the tourists definitely know where it's located.  Don't be deterred by the line, it moves pretty quickly.
I was supposed to be on diet that day... considering i went cupcakes hunting the day before. :( oh well... i'm glad i found this place! the cookie is DELICIOUS!! i was shocked when i found out it costs me $4 each!! BUT, omg... it's so worth it! it's warm.. crispy on the outside.. yet moist. yumm!!
100% worth breaking the diet for. With all the hoopla surrounding all the nearby cupcake spots nearby (Crumbs, Magnolia, etc) can a good old fashion melt in your mouth goo-ey chocolate chip cookie get some lovin'?! Pair Levain's amazing cookies with their hot chocolate...you will be so happy, you wont even care about all the calories you just consumed ;) I just wish there were somewhere to eat/sit in the bakery itself. Unfortunately these must be taken to go...Can't win them all.
I tried the chocolate chip walnut cookie because my friend insisted that it was delicious and since it was on the travel channel. It was definitely scrumptious!  The following week I got the same cookie for breakfast! Only downside is that they run out of chocolate chip walnut cookies quickly during the evening.
Don't think about the price, just buy these warm, freshly baked cookies and you won't regret your decision. They only have four different flavors: chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and peanut butter chip, so hopefully one of them will be to your liking. We just walked in and got the chocolate chip walnut, which had the chocolate chips still melting and oozing after I took a bite. I'm not sure why they don't make more flavors, because I think they've perfected the art of cookie baking here.
it was a pretty good cookie, but for four bucks, it wasn't really worth it. personally i like my cookies kind of thin but moist and chewy. this one tasted really doughy because it was so big and thick. got the walnut chocolate chip. maybe i should have a glass of milk, because it was really really sweet. yeah. kinda overatted, i think i prefer a pipin hot homemade m&m chocolate chip cookie. if you like chocolate, get this. otherwise... stay away.
Was in New York on vacation, and found this place on Yelp! Cookies were amazing! And HUGE! It took me 3 days to eat mine. Got the chocolate chip walnut, the chocolate chocolate chip, and the chocolate peanut butter chip. All were SOOO good! Can't wait to go back to NYC and get some more!
Wonderful cookies!  We often walk across central park from the east side under the rouse of taking my dog out for stroll because he needs the fresh air so that we can get to these cookies.  By the time we get back to our apartment, at least one if not two (chacolat peanut butter and walnut chacolat chip) is gone.  We considered the calories burned from our walk is balanced out by our consumption...not.
the hype is TRUE! holeh moleh! favorite is the peanut butter chocolate! so rich, dense, chocolatey, and peanut buttery. there was a line out the door here, but it went fairly fast. there are only 4 types of cookies so i suggest you get one of each. pace yourself. i am not a new yorker so i had to buy extra of these babies to transport back home. tip: saran wrap each cookie tightly, put into ziploc bag, seal tight, and place that little cookie's toosh into the freezer. will last you a week! once i got home, i took 'em out, let them defrost for a bit, then microwaved for about 30 seconds. BOY O BOY!!!!
I'm not typically an oatmeal cookie fan. But I tried it and it has changed my orders at Levain since. The oatmeal cookie at Levain is heavenly!  Not a huge fan of the chocolate chocolate chip cookie: a little too over the top sweet, but again, the oatmeal is amazing! If I want something that is slightly melty & more sweet, walnut chocolate chip is my next go to. Levain cookies are great sweet little gifts for friends and family who are visiting and who live in NY.
I woke up this morning with an incredible craving for those Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookies... This just shows how awesome these cookies are! I went to the website and shipping isn't very affordable. Lol. I envy all of you who live near Levain Bakery!
It's true what they say! You MUST visit Levain Bakery when you're in New York! It's located in within walking distance of Central Park. My favorite was the peanut butter chocolate chip! The chocolate chip with walnuts was great too. It's a small bakery, and easy to miss. The cookies were chunky, yet moist at the same time. If you're not eating them right away, I recommend putting them in the oven or microwave before eating. Since they're thick cookies, it will harden and it doesn't taste the same. You need to heat them up to appreciate the flavor and moistness of them!
These cookies are awesome! The only issue I have with this location is that it is SO far away!!! But these cookies look like the tops of muffins! they were so delicious. Hard and Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside.   I gladly hike up here for their peanut butter/chocolate/oatmeal cookies and day of the week.
Currently sitting in my kitchen 5 days later from visiting the little shop. Still amazing. I just can't get enough. I really can't. You are worth every penny of my $4
Best cookies I've ever had in my life. This is no exaggeration - unbelievable. They were crunchy on the outside, undercooked and gooey on the inside. We had the chocolate chip walnut and chocolate peanut butter, sweet jesus they were AH MAZING! Highly recommend. Period.
best cookie i've had in my entire life. go now!
CHOCOLATE WALNUT BEASTS / weigh about a thousand pounds / get 'em while they're hot.
Maybe my wallet and waistline are glad I don't live near Levain, but the next time I'm in NYC I'll definitely head here for a dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie. I need to try oatmeal raisin, too -- my friend ate his buttery, delicious cookie too quickly for me to snatch a bite! I'm sure it's all been said already -- the mouthwatering aroma, the brownie-like consistency (especially that almost-gooey center), the intense flavor. I'm glad this was an unplanned stop on my recent trip, and next time I know exactly where to go for a massively delicious cookie. P.S. Their website does sell and ship gift boxes, which is very tempting. But I'm a little confused as to why the custom assortment should cost so much more than their other boxes.
Insanely good cookies, although they do have a tendency to crumble. You'll know you're in the right place when you see a long line underneath a waxing salon (the bakery is below)
Levain is a must when ever I am in NYC. Their cookie is like no other! Its a chewy chocolaty delight that i will indulge in no matter what. I have had the double chocolate, the chocolate peanut butter, and chocolate chip walnut. THEY WERE ALL ORGASMIC! Definitely worth the $4.
Their chocolate chip cookies are awesome. A must-try in NY. I went back to the store within two days. Just can't help it.
Thank the mighty lord for Yelp, for were it not for this site, I never would have found this place. The store itself is very understated, small, and unassuming. You would have no idea upon entering that such greatness exists within these walls. This is the perfect example of "you can't judge a book by its cover!" I purchased 3 cookies - as a gift, in fact, but one that I planned on sharing :). I was surprised by the prices - seriously, $4 for one cookie??? I should just get her an Entenmanns coffee cake. Instead, I sucked it up and purchased 3 cookies - chocolate peanut butter, chocolate chip with walnuts, and double chocolate chip. Best decision I ever made. The cookies are effing amazing. They are dense, moist, loaded with flavor - you can taste the brown sugar! - and delicious. They are also very fulfilling. After half a cookie I felt like I'd eaten an entire pie. Don't believe me...? Try one. Or three.
Best cookies in the world. Even after leaving NYC 2 years later I still dream about their cookies. I am heading back to NYC in 3 weeks and will definitely be heading back and for their chocolate chip walnut!!! Everything taste good with milk.
DIVINE. Absolutely DIVINE. I am a sucker for an amazing cookie just like the next person. Levain Bakery delivers. I read a few great reviews, so I decided to try it for myself. I ordered the cookies online (assorted package to be exact), so I've never been to the actual location itself. Of course, I was mainly concerned about the freshness of the cookies, being that they had to be shipped, but I was not disappointed at all. They were baked to perfection, and it was as if I had just bought them at the bakery. A bit on the pricey side ($30 for a pack of 4) but my taste buds were happy. COOKIEEEEE MONSSSTEERRR would LOVE Levain. As do I.
the chocolate chip cookies are good and it has tons of chocolate chips. But that's about it. It is not sensational or memorable.
I won't lie. I have some gripes overall. But ... they pale in comparison to the yum-ness of Levain's cookies. These are the kind of cookies that you think about weeks or months later, only to realize you can *still* taste them. Worth an hour in traffic, or trudging across the city for. Hands down, just phenomenal hot, gooey wonderful cookies. The kids like the oatmeal raisin & chocolate peanut butter, but I have to say the double chocolate and the infamous chocolate chip nut cookies are just... unspeakably good. (There's censorship taking place here!) I can agree with William C. -- both sexual and biblical references are uttered about these cookies on a constant basis. They're that good. So yes, the place is small & almost unnoticeable. There isn't enough space to sit most of the time, much less to sit and comfortably eat a gargantuan, gooey, messy cookie. Yes, it IS a $4 cookie.Yes, there is almost always a line. (It moves quickly.) But the staff is just as sweet as the cookies, and the place smells like heaven. So it works out! DIVINE! Get out of the house & get there now.
Do you like cookies? Do you like them so big and dense that they sit in your palm like a pile of sweet, chocolatey, gooey treasure? Yes? Then I think you know what to do. When I went here I got the chocolate chip walnut, the dark chocolate chocolate chip, and the dark chocolate peanut butter chip. I actually didn't eat them right away (sacrilege, I know). What my parents and I did was do what we wanted to do in the upper west side, and then came back to the hotel and heated them in the microwave. Whoa. Just... whoa. See that list of adjectives up there. Yeah. The other reviews are correct in saying that these will ruin all other cookies for you. With just one bite, they transport you to a world of melty chocolate and warm, extremely soft dough. Of all of them, my favorite was the chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, being the chocolate and PB addict that I am. Yes, the storefront is the size of a postage stamp, and yes, these are pricier baked goods, but if you're really going to complain about the price you have to pay for utter bliss, then you should seriously reevaluate your life, my friend.
recommendation:  chocolate chip with walnut cookie best chocolate chip cookie i'ver ever had.  it's so big and thick, it's borderline a really moist and soft scone.  i love it warm even though it is kind of messy because it is so chewy and soft in the middle.   one star off because the brioche was too dry and they didn't have very many other options in patries.
The cookie that is a meal! Loved it! I had the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie and the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie. Took me 3 days to eat them. So filling and so delicious. Expect a line though when you go. Also, it was $4/cookie.
Quite possibly the best cookie I have ever had-- and I've had a lot of cookies!!  Worth the $, calories, and time.
i usually hate waiting in line. but for levain's cookies, i will walt. whenever we're in ny, we make a stop to load up on their dense, chewy cookies. the walnut chocolate chip is my favorite, sO classic. their cookies are probably the equivalent of three regular sized cookies in one- they're shaped more like scones, except they probably weight a lot more! try to go early to avoid the crowds, but generally the line moves pretty fast. the most i've waited is about 20 minutes.
Omg, the best cookies around. Of course the chocolate chip walnut is my personal favorite. Everyone that goes there orders one. It was a good thing that at the time i was not on a diet as i went all out and got 4 other cookies. Levain is truly a heavenly place for cookie lovers.
I'm convinced that Levain is arguably home to some of the most delicious cookies being made in the U.S. Some may understandably go even further and label it the cookie Mecca of the world. Indeed, there is a lot of hype surrounding this chocolate lover's dream, but I don't find the aforementioned orgasmic reviews to be rash or unfounded. This bakery has been sitting in my bookmark archive for probably two years. Luckily, on my last trip to the city, I was finally able to make my way up to its location. Located in an inconspicuous, small space, walking by Levain could happen very easily if not careful. Luckily, my olfactory system, which, by the way, is in stellar, functional condition, is inherently sensitive to all baked goods and, therefore, immediately honed in on the sweet aroma of chocolaty goodness emanating from the crack of the door. Upon walking through the narrow doorway and descending down a small group of stairs, the first thing one will notice is that you are basically walking into a kitchen. You won't be wowed by any frills or a showy decor. Levain's workspace is what it is -- a bakery. Nothing more, nothing less. There's something refreshing about that. Bakeries have become far too commercialized as of late, largely appealing to appearances in place of quality and taste. The national cupcake fad is a prime example of the iconic bakery being bastardized into oblivion. I'm over it. But it's a breath of fresh air to see real bakeries, such as Levain, pumping out products that speak for themselves, without having to be enveloped or surrounded by a pretentious, razzle-dazzle array of bullshit in order to be sold. I believe we purchased four (4) cookies. The varieties included the Chocolate Chip Walnut, the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip, and the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. Each cookie is $4, and they are monstrous in size. Even my travel companion, an individual who is not readily turned on by sweets, loved these cookies to the point that he was policing my consumption of them to ensure that I wasn't defrauding him out of his fair share. He's a wise individual because I would have surely swindled additional bites of his cookies had I had an opportunity. :-) Fantastic bakery. Fantastic cookie. Worth the money. Go.
YUUUUMMMy!! Cookies? Frighteningly good. So so yummy. Oh, so so yummy. The chocolate anything kinds of cookies are the best. The sourdough roll with Valhrona chocolate sammies? Oh, so so yummy. Oh! And they ship well too! I sent some to a friend who had to leave the UWS (you know, make her homesick?) and she said it was still amazing. y-u-m-m-y
HOLY COW. Omg, I'd pay a few dollars just to walk into this basement bakery and smell the cookies. I got the chocolate chip with walnuts. It lasted me about 12 hours and I liked all the expressions of this cookie throughout the day...starting really warm and gooey and doughy.  Then cooled off a bit, so the edges had an outer crunch while the middle was still messy gooey chocolate...then I got home from DC on the train that evening and enjoyed the rest of it with my boyfriend.  Cooled off completely, it was still amazing with the big chunks of walnuts and the bready, slightly salty sweet dough, and chocolate chips. He insists on going when we visit NYC next time. OK, I'm talking way too much about cookies.  Please just get one.
Incredible, decadent, indulgent cookies. $4 a cookie, but its totally worth it. Regular chocolate chip, chocolate chocolate chip, chocolate peanut butter chip, and oatmeal raisin. Like other reviews have said, these cookies are huge. 1 inch thick, maybe 3.5" wide. They are heavy. They are delicious. I can only eat half a cookie in one sitting, that's how dense they are! My favorite = regular chocolate chip.
Gooey Yummies!! That's all she wrote..
As a Yelp user for years, I have never actually reviewed anything until now.  Every so often I have gone somewhere based on rave reviews only to find out that it was a lot of hype.  My recent trip to Levain Bakery was one such experience and inspired me to post this review.  Let me start by saying that I don't hate Levain, nor do I think it's terrible or anything like that.  I do however find it to be VERY overhyped.  These are not the best cookies ever.  And believe me, I eat and have eaten PLENTY of great and not so great cookies.  The way I judge if something was really great is if I would go out of my way to have it again.  I would NOT go out of my way to go back to Levain.  There are plenty of better options out there... Especially in NYC.  For me, its just okay.  The hype around this place left me disappointed in the actual product... And I LOVE a good chocolate chip walnut cookie.  In a word, "meh."
Yeah - what everyone else said.  Their cookies are amazingly yummy.
A girl walks into class bearing gifts--free cookies. Due to the surprise factor and the fact I didn't pay $4 for this massive baked good, I was already feeling appreciative when I bit into the looming chocolate-chip mound at my face. It's just simply the best cookie you've ever had. Period. I had a monotheistic religious experience with the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie-- one will definitely satisfy. The exterior appears similar to the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip-- all black-- but upon biting into the soft dough, I found delectable lumps of peanut butter and soft chocolate chips swirled into the treat at a perfect ratio, providing great texture. This is the Titanic of all cookies, but rather than sink, the ship reaches America, Leo doesn't freeze to death in the Atlantic, and Kate Winslet pawns that giant diamond and opens Levain Bakery. This is not a fancy pants cookie. it's just the best version of a simple favorite.
I've somehow become obsessed with buying (and devouring) fresh chocolate and chocolate chip cookies throughout the past few years and all I have to say is, these are the best cookies I've had in NYC thus far. They may be expensive (around $4) but they are absolutely THE BEST!
Just writing this review makes me want to get up & go to levain bakery. When it was suggested to first visit for the cookies I thought it was a bit extreme to travel so far, what was the big deal? After having their chocolate chip, anytime I'm in manhattan I go out if my way to take these home, they're treated as a form of currency in my home. Some might think $4 a cookie is steep but check out the size of these things & you'll understand, eat one & you'll forget about the money. Just a quick hint: try to eat them within a day of getting them. If you let them sit around they get dry & crumbly.
Imagine you are walking down a street, and someone hands you a bag.  You look in it, and it is full of money, jewelry, cigars, plane tickets to faraway lands, other lovely and desired knick-knacks, and keys to a brand new truck.  Why not.  You look up, and you realize that the person that handed you that bag is _______  ________ (insert hottest celebrity crush here), and they want you to take them on a long drive into the mountains.  For a week.  Just the two of you.  Imagine the smile on your face when that happens to you.  THAT is what eating one of these cookies is like.    One of my top favorite foods is chocolate chip cookies.  This place takes the idea of delicious cookies to another level and made them into Chocolate Chip Peace Treaties.  Granted you may need a loan from the bank to afford to try each of the different kinds of cookies they have, but look at them!  Big enough to be a hat.  I've had the pleasure of visiting this place personally some years ago.  The doughy ball of goodness goes into the oven the size of a tennis ball on steroids, and comes out smelling and tasting like, well, peace on earth.  They soak into your paper bag so much that it becomes see-thru.  Thus making it less guilty to eat, because it's that less greasy.    How did I find out about this place?  By watching Throwdown With Bobby Flay.  He challenged them.  He lost.  His contribution to the competition was a crunchy chocolate chip style cookie.  Huh?  Really?  Clearly he knows not that Keebler is still in business due to sales of their Soft-Batch line alone.    Apparently you can actually order these cookies from their website.  You've never seen me slam my laptop closed so quickly and fly it across the room like I did when I found that out.  I had to put a personal ban for this site.  It is a bit pricey like I said; I do not make six-figures a year (unless you're hot and reading this, then I do), and I like my current weight limit.  So, tread carefully, my fellow sweet-toothers.  Bring running shoes and some toothpaste.
What the mother freak?!  How'd I not hear about this place until today?!  Good lawd!  S-O G-double-O-D good!  Tucked away in the affluent UWS, is a corner bakery with cookies even richer than its residents.  Four flavors.  Each one packing a whole lot of delicious in every bite.  You will have chocolate all over your lips, fingers, shirt collars, teeth, and milk carton openings.   The awesomeness was magnified by the fact that I was with party peoples who each had the other cookies that I didn't get.  Each one is $4 so it's kind of hard to justify spending $16 on 4our cookies.  Mad monies yo.  I had the dark chocolate peanut butter and was rewarded handsomely.  The chocolate walnut was hailed as the best.  The double dark chocolate was definitely my favorite though.  So freaking rich!  And sure cookies are expensive, but they're not really the same size as cookies you see everywhere else.  When they gave me mine in a bag, I swear I thought they gave me three cookies instead.  Definitely do some bicep curls with that piece. Place is mad small and I imagine the line will spill over into the street but service is quick.  The other bad thing is that each cookie will definitely contribute to everyone's fat stores like none other.  Gotta run a Memorial Day sale or something and get rid of excess inventory, for reals.  Dayum son. Shout out to my fun loving, God worshipping peoples from Remnant Westside Church (remnantwestside.net) who accompanied me on this heavenly trip.  Chris K., thanks for leading our SG.  You's the mang.
4.5 Stars, but I am definitely willing to roundup :) These were AMAZING cookies. I had been wanting to go Levain for the longest time, but it is a bit out of the way. But this time, my friends and I braved the cold and wind and ventured out. It was totally worth it. Levain had 4 cookies: chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate peanut butter, dark chocolate chocolate chip, and oatmeal raisin. I wanted a plain chocolate chip (no nuts!), but alas there is not such an option. The chocolate chip walnut was delicious. The cookies are baked so that they are nice and crispy on the outside, but soft and moist on the inside. This the perfect consistency and what every baker attempts to achieve when baking cookies! $4 may seem a steep price, but for the size and quality it was about right! I am hoping my next NYC trip will take me back to Levain so I can try the other cookies as well as their other baked goods (muffins, brioche, bread, etc.).
I was actually surprised Levain was such a hole in the wall/grab-and-go little bakery. As much as I wished that there was some more sitting room, in the end it doesn't matter because of Levain's chocolate chip cookie We got a chocolate chip cookie and a raspberry bomboloncini (a powdered sugar coated doughnut-like pastry filled with raspberry jam) WOW WERE THEY GOOD. The COOKIE: the size of a burger, studded with ample chocolate chips that were not too melty. YUM. I've had a lot of chocolate chip cookies...and Levain redefined my definition. We even considered walking back the three blocks we'd walked since leaving the bakery for seconds. I will most definitely be back. GO TO LEVAIN & GET A COOKIE. DO IT.
Cookies? pfft...we can all agree they rock but I must throw my vote into the hat for their Raspberry jammed and buttered bread.  This usually runs out pretty quickly so I have to rush over and grab a couple.   This is a MUST have as well as the cookies!
Ok, so these cookies are good, great in fact, probably the best cookie I've had in New York. All of this becomes apparent as you read review after review with glowing exclamations such as "this is what a cookie should be" The truth is, this really isn't what a cookie should be.  Dare I say they might actually be too big?  Whatever, I get it, they're supposed to be big and that's the draw, but these aren't the cookies we ate after a hard day's play during the glorious springs and summers of childhood.   I guess I'm just a victim of hype.  I think I came to this bakery expecting the answers to the mysteries of life, instead I got a damn good cookie.   Maybe I should have tried the oatmeal? Look, I know I'm coming off as negative, and I do not want to dissuade anyone from going here.  Please do go, it's extremely worth it, but remember, it's just a cookie.
cookies very very good. size is a bit too big for me. id say this is a meal in itself. my bf says that nuking for 30 seconds after refrigeration brings cookies back to life. (lets just say HE REALLY KNOWS his cookies.) i love the dark chocolate chip. and the chocolate chip walnut. (im not a fan of american peanut butter so i was annoyed to take a bite of the chocchip peanut butter by mistake.) i wish they would make them in please-help-me-diet size.
Just go.  Now.  Cookies.  Chocolate walnut.  Peanut butter double chocolate.  Mouth-watering deliciousness.  Now.
These cookies are HUGE and have that crumbly, scone/biscuit-like outer layer with perfect chewy inside layer! Tried one of each flavors (chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, dark chocolate chocolate chip, and dark chocolate peanut butter chip), and chocolate chip walnut was def the best!
Best cookies in NYC. Dark chocolate peanut butter chip and chocolate chip walnut are my 2 favs. Served warm, mmmm.
Chocolate chip cookies don't get any better.
Best cookies I've ever had. Tried the oatmeal raisin, the chocolate chip walnut, double chocolate chip and chocolate peanut butter chip. If you like chocolate, Id recommend the double chocolate chip! It was my favorite. The cookies are HUGE and the perfect ratio of slightly crunchy on the outside to soft on the inside. You won't be disappointed!
"Heaven...I'm in Levain....and my heart beats so that I can hardly speak...." (for those who didn't know how to pronounce it, now you know) NYC is driving me nuts.  Almost every food joint I visited, made me feel like I've never eaten food, ever.  After every bite of something I'd think....damn, I'm speechless.  How do I yelp this place?  Could I just press the space bar button a billion times and click Post?  Will it show up as a big blank square of "I'm speechless-I have no words-I don't know what to say, it's so effin wonderful?!" This place was one of them.  Big ass cookie of delight.  I've had a Levain cookie before, but it travelled many miles to get inside my tummy.  This time I experienced their Chocolate chip and walnut cookie fresh out of the oven and off the cookie cooling rack.  This time I felt like holding up the workers to steal whatever they had.  Cuz at $4 a cookie, I would've been broke in the middle of Day 1 of my NYC trip if I stayed in that Bakery.  Tip:  If you're lucky to grab a seat inside, be careful- you'll end up buying more! I also tried a Valrhona chocolate filled sourdough roll.  Separately, they're off the heez.  Together, not so much.  They asked me if I wanted it warmed up.  Of course I do.  Who wants hard smeared chocolate on bread? But we all know what re-warming bread does.  Just makes the bread 10x's harder.  So I'm looking at this brick of a combo, and attempt to eat it.   Too hard.  So I'll just stick to the cookies. If you're in the area and you love yourself some cookies (gigantor dense crisp-gooey-thick-kinda still raw dough, kinda cookies) this is a must visit! Je t'aime Levain chocolate chip walnut cookie!
Ok, there's already over 1500 posts on why Levain is the best. so why add? I'm sure you get the point already. Well, I'm just here to relive last weekend's eating adventure. Levain was stop #23454 on our trek to stuff ourselves silly. Even with our stomachs filled to the brim, these cookies were demolished. Gigantic baked goods of love. Crisp on the outside and ooey gooey on the inside. I'm partial to the double chocolate cookie, but that's because I'm an addict. hello, my name is kathleen and I have a chocolate problem. anyhow, go..now! enjoy the sweet treats and join me in a beautiful chocolate moo-stache. :)
Their cookies are delicious and they are HUGE. No need to be greedy, one cookie is more than enough. All their cookies are good but their chocolate chip walnut cookie is classic and perfect in every way, its also not too sweet like some of their other cookies are. They also have milk, with a cookie this size you have to get the milk. The only negative is their hours. They close at 7 PM sharp. I wish they were open late.
My husband and I were taking our 2 nephews and niece to Central Park.  We passed by Levain and I pointed it out to him because he is a baked good junkie.  Of course he stepped inside with the kids in tow.  The shelf was sparse.  I thought they only had scones left until I read the sign that these were cookies! Due to their enormous size we got 1 choco choco chip and 1 pb to share.   We got out and I was walking down the street with my niece and I turn back because I heard all this commotion behind us.  My husband was eating the cookie and feeding the nephews.   Due to how gooey the cookie was, he was breaking the cookie and dropping it in their mouths.   Our 9yr old nephew yelled, "This is the best cookie in the whole world!" We joined the frenzy and like baby birds we were all waiting for the gooey morsel of sweetness to drop Into our mouths.   The choco one was better than pb.  I wish we could have tried the reg choco chip with walnuts.  My husband is a nut fiend. Since the cookies are so rich, sharing is recommended. And you need a tall glass of milk to complete the experience. I know there will definitely be a next time.
COOKIE COOKIE COOKIE is what you will be saying once eating one of Levain Bakery's famous treat. This is literally where the cookie monster lives an eats. This bakery has a pretty big cookie and it will leave you satisfied. Residing in the Upper West Side Levain Bakery is an upscale cafe with little to no decor creating a very modern and upscale look. This is a true bakery where the most important thing is the food. With a view from the open kitchen, passerby's can see that freshness is a top priority. Levain Bakery is an amazing bakery that plays on the cliche "ingredients first."
I had Levain on my list of places to try and hadn't been able to do so until this last trip. I was skeptical and doubted that it would live up to what people said about their cookies. This truly was the best cookie I have ever tasted in my life. From now on no trip to NYC will be complete without a visit to this bakery for a warm chocolate chip walnut cookie.
These "cookies" just aren't my thing. They're like dense mounds of semi-baked dough which might be good mixed with ice cream but when I want a chocolate chip cookie, this does not hit the spot.
AMAZING CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES. Having a sinful sweet tooth, I have a penchant for Chocolate Chip Cookies. And it doesn't get any better than the Levain cookie. The first thing I noticed when I walked in to the store, was the absolutely heavenly aroma that percolated through the place and right into my nose. I mean if heaven had a smell, it would probably smell like Levain Bakery. Then of course I noticed the GIGANTIC size of the cookies- I mean they were positively monstrous! Not that its a bad thing- you just get more of a good thing. As far as the taste, the cookie was perfectly baked- the dough must have been prepared just right- and the chocolate chunks were huge and plentiful- and tasted amazing. I recommend eating the cookie warm, so that it melts in your mouth. Man, I feel hungry just thinking about it. Basically, these are the best chocolate chip cookies on planet earth.
You can't miss this place because there is actually a line formed outside which is good because it's a very inconspicuous storefront and you might miss it if there wasn't the line to direct you to this place!  The cookies are $4 each. A bit steep I thought until you see the size and feel the weight of each cookie. We bough 2 chocolate chip walnut cookies (the signature cookie)  and it felt like a rock in the bag! You get the cookies when they're still warm and it is INDEED very good! Chooey, gooey, chocolatey goodness. I believe it has have TONS of butter because the bag had a huge oil stain after a while. Anyway...but does it warrant a line?!?!  Not really but it was pointed out to me that the line is (probably) due to the tiny size of this store which is located below street level. So people line up on the street to make their way down the few stairs... the wait wasn't long...maybe 10 minutes. I will definitely be back!
If you want to live by the motto, "Eat cake for breakfast"- start here.   When my coworker first found out that I lived in the area, he could not stop telling me about Levain Bakery. I mean, over and over and over again. I added it to "my list"  based on his recommendation, but honestly did not have high expectations. It's just a cookie. When first walking into Levain, I will admit to being a bit disappointed. I imagined a large bakery with dozens of different types of cookies to choose from. Instead, it was a small space with 4 varieties of cookies and a few pound cakes. I ordered the classic chocolate chip with walnuts. As soon as I took a bite into the cookie, I immediately appreciated the thought that went into making it.  It is a pretty sizable cookie, but they have somehow managed to bake it perfectly crisp on the outside and gooey on the inside...with the perfect proportions of yummy ingredients.  Uncomplicated and perfect.
These cookies are worth a trek out of your way. They're also worth buying $50 worth of so you can share them with family and friends. As someone who bakes chocolate chip cookies I despise buying them - but I have no problem paying $4 a pop for these delicious cookies. They're a little crispy, a little chewy and generally all the things a good cookie should be. Perhaps the top differentiator, however: still good days later. Homemade cookies tend to deteriorate over time and packaged ones with preservatives taste a little old in the first place - Levain's cookies are slamming out of the oven, but also take very good transported on a flight or eaten as leftovers later day two or three. Now that I have tried them I think I can state that the brioche and sticky buns, while good, are not worth trading valuable stomach real estate and dollars that could be used for cookies.
More c - - - #2, except this time they are c - - - - - -. C - - - - - - ! How many pictures of c - - - - - - does one need? I tried two of Levain's cookies (chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate peanut butter chip) and could not finish one whole. They were too rich, too raw, and too big. At first I was happy that I was served hot cookies. Hot cookies are all the rage. Unfortunately, Levain's cookies just turned out to be a hot mess for me. They fell apart and smashed in my bag. The chocolate got all over my fingers and after biting and breaking off a piece, it was debatable what I was in fact eating. It hardly resembled a cookie. It was just a ball of goo. Hey, I can dig the raw thing, just one spoonful of leftover brownie mix/cookie dough. Levain's cookies are just too much. In fact you could hurt someone with them if you threw them at somebody, not that I'm an advocate for violence or anything like that. Hey, some people find a cookie beatdown sexy. To each it's own. Do yourself a favor and go around the corner to Jacques Torres. Now that's a five star cookie you can eat, savor, and enjoy. I'll return to Levain. I'll just be leaving with a loaf of bread. FAIL!
Already became addicted to the 6 oz (almost 1/2 pound) cookies while in the Hamptons over the summer. I think you gain 3x the amount of weight after eating one but boy are they delicious. Personal favorite now is the chocolate with peanut butter chunks - so tasty! Also love their sourdough roll with Valrhona chocolate - that's a bit more low fat.
I die. This is one of those places that you hear raves about and you're like "yeah yeah, I'll check it out" thinking that it's all hype and then you eat a cookie and you're like OOOOOOOMMMMFFFFFGGGGGG. This is as good as they said. Or better. Seriously. It's almost disgusting how good these things taste. They're worth every penny and caloric insult to your body. I have to actively avoid getting one when I'm in the neighborhood and it's embarrassing how excited it gets me to see their logo, whether it's somewhere in a stranger's hand or presented as a gift at work. Can. Not. Please go here. And get me a double chocolate chip cookie while you're at it. Eat well, kids.
Excellent chocolate chip cookies with nuts.  They are huge, gooey and have just the right amount of salt.  It's worth all four dollars. My only complaint is that the place is tiny and unpleasant to move around in.  Would love to see this bakery in a much bigger space.
I don't know whether to love this place or hate it! The reason being the cookies are soooooo good but of course you'll pay for it later when you don't go to the gym to work them off! Not that going to the gym has been a problem for me. I just don't ever go! Seriously though, these cookies are some of the best you'll have. They cost $4 but good luck trying to eat 2 of them. They are sweet, delicious, thick and will have you buying more of them than you could possibly eat. We bought 2 today and still have 1 and a half left but I feel like I've eaten 3 cookies. the staff is friendly and the bakery is very clean. you can also see them making the cookies right behind the counter. Highly recommended! My first 5 star award on Yelp!
apparently it just was featured on oprah, so watch out for lines. i had the chocolate chip and walnut cookie.  mmmm.  i had to stop halfway because this cookie packs a punch.  definitely eat them right out of the oven, you won't be sorry.   true, they are $3.75 a pop, but worth it the girth.  it reminds me of cookies from speciality's back in sf.   the staff is friendly and attentive.  they also sell tees and thermals so you can show your love for the bakery.
Absolutely amazing cookies! I had the chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate peanut butter as recommend by fellow yelpers, and they did not disappoint.  I want to come back to see what else they have to offer.
that chocolate chip cookie is the best cookie you will ever put in your mouth. -the end
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the oatmeal and raisin cookie! So delicious! And it was still warm when I bought it.
Oh, my childhood. I have very vivid memories of coming home from school to the sweet, sweet smell of freshly baked cookies coming right out of the oven. I remember running up the stairs, so excited that I almost didn't want to wait for them to cool. There's something about your olfactory nerves -- it can trigger the most vivid moments. Levain did just that. This place has been on my "to-try" list for practically forever. I don't make it to the UWS often, but since I was seeing a show at Beacon Theatre, naturally I had to go! From what I heard, there's always a line... the inside is tiny... and it's 100% worth it. At $4 a cookie, it's not cheap but you're paying for the king of all that is cookies.* From looking at the small selection, the obvious choice was the Chocolate Chip Walnut. Decent size, very pillow-y looking and that smell was heavenly. I just hoped it would taste as good. One word: PERFECTION. The best moment is when you take that first bite. Cookies have a serious power over people** and immediately transport them to their happy place. It's a beautiful thing, really. Slightly crunchy on the outside but OOEY-GOOEY almost half-baked goodness on the inside. There is some serious magic going on in that kitchen.*** We were lucky enough to get a uber-fresh batch out of the oven. I was so surprised my cookie was strong enough to hold together. My experience there was everything that I thought it would be. I don't know if you're the type to travel for food. But if you had to pick a place, THIS IS IT. You bet I'll be back. No doubt about it. _______________________________ *Levain=Heisenberg of cookies. **Instant smiles/positive mood. Cookies should be the solution to all our problems. ***I bet you there's Keebler elves working in the wayy, wayy back of that tiny store. Wouldn't be surprised.
After receiving multiple recommendations from friends, actually visited this bakery for the first time on Sunday.  Although it's not near home or work, Iv'e already been back because the cookies, although positively sinful, are just that good.  Brought a group of friends with me, and we all shared the different cookies to get a taste of everything.  Frequent customers who I met in line said that baked goods are always hot as the customer volume is high enough to require continual baking through the dayl
Even at some of the highest-rated food places on Yelp, there will be some dissenting opinions, different tastes, or maybe an off day with a server. Let me splain something to you. You will never have a better cookie than this in your entire life. I don't know how to convey that enough with the written word. I eat a lot of cookies. I have an Elite badge. My mom says I'm handsome. If you like cookies, this is the zenith of the cookie genre. They have four flavors - chocolate chip w/ walnut, oatmeal raisin, chocolate peanut butter chip, and chocolate chocolate. The cookies are HUGE, moist, and delicious. They look like something unnaturally perfect from a food commercial. This is not some big tourist trap with lines around the block. You walk down four stairs, you enter a tiny shop, and you buy Levain cookies (or bread, if you have ADD). That's it*. This has literally set the bar for all cookies, and perhaps even all desserts. I can't wait to go back. --------------------------------------------------­----------- *Except the smell. I would pay them double, just for a few minutes of smell.
Like most people (I imagine), I first discovered Levain Bakery courtesy of Bobby Flay's 'Throwdown' on the Food Network. In the set up for the throwdown, Bobby mentioned how the girls/ladies who run Levain started out as marathon runners - and that such an expenditure of calories justified eating one of these behemoth beauties. Having just completed my first marathon last Sunday, I had no other choice but to follow through and reclaim some of the 3,000+ calories lost to the streets and the blistering sun of Long Branch, New Jersey in the form of the Levain chocolate, chocolate chip cookie. You know what? The lovely ladies of Levain are 100% correct. While it's always sublime to sink one's teeth into one of these cookie-brownie-scone hybrids, brimming with an intoxicating mixture of butter, chocolate and general deliciousness, it's remarkably more satisfying when you can consume one in a guilt-free state. That way the healing goes to the mind, body and spirit in equal doses. The next time you find yourself aching and wobbly after a challenging endurance event, here's my prescription: Take two and call me in the morning.
Pros: Those cookies are ridiculously good!  I have no idea what exactly they use to make them so good, and they must have a killer oven that allows them to make a big cookie that isn't burnt at all and cooked all the way through.  All cookies I eat from now on (and maybe all desserts in general) will be compared to this cookie.  They are good even a week later!  If you don't want it to make a mess, you should probably wait a few minutes before you start eating it out of the bag, if you can wait that long.  Favorite: chocolate and peanut butter.   Cons: They're $4 a cookie, but then again they are about the size of a fist so it's worth it.  It's a little weird to me that paying about $4 for a gallon of gas really sucks but the fact that this cookie costs the same doesn't bug me as much.  Oh, and I wish they sold milk.   Possible improvements:  I'd feel less guilty about eating them if they were smaller and less expensive...I wish they could make a $3 size.  That would be sweet.  Oh, and if they sold milk right there.
Hands down, the best chocolate chip cookie EVER! We first heard of Levain Bakery on the food channel (when they defeated Bobby Flay on the throw down). It quickly became one of our favorite places in the big apple. Nothing beats meandering in Central Park on a lazy Sunday afternoon with a warm chocolate chip walnut cookie in your hand. They have four different kinds of cookies \(oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip and dark chocolate peanut butter). The owners beat Bobby Flay with the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it is also our favorite as well. The cookies are on the pricier side (each one will set you back $4). That being said, they are ginormous (I have friends who mistaken them for scones) and definitely very filling. One last thing, the cookies taste much better warm. If you bring them home, make sure to microwave them first (~20-30 seconds per cookie).
So good you cry...So good you actually walk back in and buy a sweet for a stranger. I traveled cross-country volunteering in 50 states for 50 non-profits...they were like Varsity compared to other dessert places...you are my captain. Check out more thoughts Levain here: 50give.com/2011/04/13/we…
It's a good cookie and one of the better I've had in NYC for sure. But it's just too rich for me! I know, everywhere here probably thinks I'm nuts. I think they overdo it on the chocolate chips. My roommate is obsessed with these cookies and if he wasn't, I probably wouldn't ever go out of my way to eat them.
Best chocolate chip cookie in the world.
Great little bakery!! Went here after reading great yelp reviews on a weekend trip to NYC... Got the chocolate chip walnut cookie... Was very tasty, soft center, but would definitely share one next time!
Everyone says the cookies are really great, and I tried them and agree.   You can't replicate these cookies anywhere else, that I know of.
I was recommended by a friend to visit Levain Bakery. I was intrigued that a cookie shop is ranked so highly in NYC, given how many other delicious treats there are in the city. The first thing I noticed about the place is that they only sell a couple of different flavors, so don't expect an expansive range. I had an oatmeal raisin cookie since I am not a huge fan of chocolate (all the other flavors had chocolate chunks). The 6-ounce cookie was golden brown on the outside, moist on the inside, and crammed with plump baked raisins. It was vrey gooey and perhaps a bit too rich for my liking. To be honest, I have had a better cookie (my mom's homemade cookies!). I dunno what the hype is about
This place is amazing and it has very sweet cookies. Great ice coffee and Im coming back again.
I love these cookies.. My sis brings some down everytime she comes to town. Too bad I can't have too much, cause I eat them as a meal and  they add weight on my cheeks.  I'm a fan of any cookie with lots of chunks of chocolate.. Minus one star for walnuts.   Next time she comes around I'll try making an ice cream sandwich out of these monster cookies..
Levain doesn't bake cookies. Levain bakes little mountains of joy. Crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside. At first I thought the $4 price tag was a bit much, but after a resounding thud from the cookie hitting the table, I had a change of heart. My girlfriend and I naively got two cookies, chocolate peanut butter chip and chocolate chip with walnuts. Both were delicious, only one was finished, the other taken home. A unique cookie experience I would not pass up.
Levain versus Insomnia Cookies Rainy Thursday Upper West Side Battle of the chocolate chocolate chips.  Round one was as is from each of the establishments.  Insomnia's was almost stale - hard, and not in a good way.  Chunks were still oozy though.  Levain was like a chocolate chocolate chip brownie - cakey and dense.  Round one goes to Levain. Round two was with a little help from the microwave.  Insomnias still seemed stale.  The heat slightly improved the texture but very slightly.  Levain turned into Nirvana.  It turned into a chocolate jumble that all ended up in my mouth.  In the very center of the cookie-brownie, it seemed a little underdone, but still worthy of my mouth.  Levain takes the contest hands down! I do agree that the staff at Levain was less than friendly.  I saw at least 4 people working there and yet I was ignored for at least 2 minutes.  Only once the bakery started to fill up did someone decide to wait on us.  And no smile?  You're working in bakery heaven - you should be happy to be delivering such joy.
My friend brought me the chocolate chip walnut cookies when she came home from New York.  They weren't fresh or warm and so I did not like them AT ALL. but coming to New York myself, I had these cookies fresh! THEY WERE THE BEST CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES I HAVE EVER EATEN! I love how thick the cookies are! and the walnut adds a nice touch.  It is very messy to eat with the chocolate warm and gooey all over your fingers, but so worth it! I also tried my friends chocolate peanut butter chip cookies and they were delicious as well! VERY MOIST The workers are also very sweet and nice. GREAT customer service! The price is good for the amount of cookie you get. These things are big.
Oh Levain! What is there to say that hasn't been said before...Don't go expecting an actual cookie. I think thats what the critics complain about. Their cookies are actually some hybrid form of giant cookie dough that is semi baked into deliciousness. I always get the chocolate walnut cookie though I have tried the oatmeal raisin as well. Both are good but I prefer chocolate in my goodies! Word to the wise though: Must eat when warm and fresh. If you can't finish one by yourself, share!
These are cookies to travel for. They are cookies to wait on line in the cold for. The biggest cookie/muffin/scone like creation that has ruined all other cookies for me. Worth every penny of the $4 per price considering one could feed 4 people. I'm so glad I don't live near it because I would die of a cookie overdose. PS- Best is the Oatmeal Raisin, crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside with fat plump raisins. Damn, now I need a cookie ;)
The chocolate chip walnut cookie is one of the best I've ever had. It reminds me of what my grandmother made for me as a child. It makes me so happy to have found a place that really defines what sweets should be. Delicious cookies. I would also recommend the chocolate peanut butter cookie. Yum!!
What can I possibly say that hasn't been said already? If you are a fan of great cookies, then you have come to the right place. Don't be turned off by the $4 price tag. These cookies are huge and extremely filling. I opted to try three of their four varieties: chocolate chip walnut, chocolate peanut butter chip, and oatmeal raisin. I loved them all equally as much. I was a little skeptical as I broke off some pieces from the edges from each cookie to sample, but I was sold when I reached the gooey delicious center! Even hours later, these cookies were moist, tasty and somehow the chips were even still soft! I will be visiting with friends the next time I'm in the city for sure!
wow! i thought that the cookies at the choc shop (i think its called jaques something or other a couple of stores away from this bakery) had the best cookies ever...I went to that store and spent $2.50 a cookie 3 days in a row :o) and bought a couple to bring home to give to a friend, then went to levain with my dad to try one of thier cookies and as much as I want to deny it, this cookie was better! oh my gosh, i got the walnut choc chip, i dont even care for walnuts, but this has to be the best freakin cookie I have ever had.  Its kind of a blessing that I found this place the day before I leave NY because I would find my way over here every day...and im the girl who really cares how my body looks...this cookie is worth it! ohhhhh yeah! its a winner!!!  If you are ever in NY and even if you watch what you eat and try not to eat sugar or high cal food, this is the the thing that you need to cheat ur diet/lifestyle with.  Dont go through life without trying this cookie if you have the opportunity.
Me - baby, let's go out to eat tonight.. what would you like? Cookie Monster - I'm not sure but I want these cookies from Levain's Me - "yesss dear" ____________ The journey from Queens to Levain's took us almost 2 hours. With about 7 mins left to spare before closing time and a small line out the door, I took my chances and jumped on line hoping they didn't run out of chocolate chip walnut cookies*. (*fellas, if your lady wants sweets, just get it. Your life will be much easier that day) Ever went shopping with your girl and feel like the world is ending or you rather be that last person on top of skyscraper with nothing about ravenous zombie beneath you? That was me or so I was thinking while waiting. Lucky for me the line was fairly quick and selection was limited to four types of cookies. "Gimme 3 of those chocolate chip walnut and make it snappy!* Boom - out the door. Cookie monster is all smiles when she received the bag of gold. Once i took a bite, I have to admit that these are the best damn cookies I've ever had. Bar none ( sorry sis). At about 4 dollars a pop, these aren't cheap but well worth the price tag to make that special someone's day.
I honestly can't say anything bad about these cookies, especially if they're eaten with milk on the side. They're just slightly chewy/crispy on the outside, and then incredibly soft and moist on the inside. I had the chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate peanut butter, but the chocolate chip walnut had the upper hand. I asked if I could get them fresh out of the oven, even when they were really busy, and the worker tried to look for the warmest ones she could get. Great when warm, but still taste good the next day. Would get 5 stars if they had white chocolate chip macadamia.
My love of cookies has been reignited! These cookies are one of a kind. They may look ordinary, but don't let that fool you. The insides are moist, gooey, and doughey and the outsides are slightly firmer but not overly burnt. Just hold them in your hands and you'll know what I mean. They're served slightly warm and come about an inch to an inch and a half thick! Four delicious flavors are available for your picking: the chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, dark chocolate with chocolate chips, and dark chocolate with peanut butter chips. A friend and I shared the chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate peanut butter chip. O.Em.Gee. To my surprise, neither the chocolate chips nor the walnuts in the first cookie were overwhelming. Instead, they were in perfect balance and complemented each other very well. The cookie was somewhat chunky, but not overly so. The walnuts were the perfect size. The dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie was absolutely decadent much like a loose brownie. The marriage of dark chocolate and peanut butter was brilliant, and again, neither one was overpowering. I love how they used dark chocolate instead of milk!! Those cookies were so beautifully made.. I may just have to go on a cookie diet.
BEST. COOKIE. EVER.   They are $3.75, and HUGE!  Whenever I am in upper west, or make some excuse to come up to upper west, I find my way here first.   So Amazing.  UMMMMMMMMMMMM
I live in the neighborhood, and over the years I have known how popular this place is. That's why I feel like a traitor not giving it a rating higher than 4 stars. Despite I am a chocoholic, I have to say that I couldn't really enjoy the cookies. I did like holding it warm in my hand and seeing the melted chocolate oozing out when I took a bite. However, the cookie tasted more like a scone than a cookie to me. It was so huge, and so dense. Somehow the guilt of eating their cookies overwhelmed the pleasure from it. I know it is my problem.
AMAZING sweet goodness! Can never eat the whole thing in one sitting, but still amazing later (like an hour later). They always seem to be running out of small bills, so they get slightly unhappy when you're like the 4th person to hand over the 20...
BEST. COOKIES. EVER. (esp the choc chip walnut) Go. Right now. Seriously. Get up.
Excellent! Great sweet snack.
Tried a few other cookies around the US since my first cookie in the spring and Levain's still makes the best chocolate chip cookie ever.
I am a chocolate chip cookie fanatic.  I love cookies... and have tried the likes of the Roasting Plant and Jacques Torres, etc.  NOTHING compares to Levain.  Let us be honest, the amount of delicious chocolate chip cookies in this world are plentiful, and this is not to knock some other delicious morsels I've had.  Levain, however, stands in a league of its own.  It is one of the best things I have ever eaten. There is a perfect balance between the crispy outside and the gooey, almost undercooked, warm center.  These cookies are also not your standard flat, chewy cookie, but more of a moist, thick, melt in your mouth cookie.   I am moving from the Upper West Side in two weeks, but will make my homage to Levain every chance I get.  It's that good.  You won't be disappointed by Levain.
how or where do i even begin to count the inifinite ways for my undying love of levain? perhaps its easiest to start mathematically...twice a week for 2 1/2 years and so on (you get my drift?). i have yet to discover in over 10 countries a better cookie (think thick, big, moisty chewy glob of confectionary heaven). the word cookie seems even much too humble for this masterpiece of culinary perfection. perhaps monster cookie is a better word choice, yes yes, b/c it falls in line with other great wonders of the world such as the discovery channel's monster garage! the not overly sweet raspberry jam filled slightly masterfully undercooked doughnut (though the dough is not your typical goldenbrown fried, but rather a pure white oxymoronic combination of raw moist doughy and light n fluffy) leaves me with breathless amazement as do the long (but give me foot long damnit! why subway can, but not levain, remains a heartbreaking conundrum), lightly golden perfectly baked brioches covered with melted choco chips or cinnamon butter. now for the kicker: STICKY BUN! whether it be raisin or pecan, these indescribably hearty delicacies are perfectly undercooked, sell out in 5 minutes as soon as the adorable little bakeshop opens and are only available on weekends. i buy between 4/6 at a time and t. r. y. to save them to eat over a few days, but have successfully gone but a day and half before tearing through the defenseless brown paper bag for a baked treat trip to utopia. terrific coffee here will help you pace yourself between the oh so tastebud tasty morsels!
Warning when you buy cookies just out of the oven: Huge fan of Levain's.  Cookies are amazing, staff is ok.  However, I just bought a choc chip walnut that was still warm but turned out raw in the middle.  They gave me a new one and told me to let it cool down.  I let it sit for an hour and it's still pretty raw in the middle.  Not a great experience.
BEST. COOKIES. EVER. And I'm not one to exaggerate (much). I'm not a huge sweets person, but ALL their cookies are amazing. They are soft, hearty, and just the perfect amount of sweetness -- not too sweet, but not too plain. One cookie can be a meal. My favorite is the chocolate walnut! I love the dark chocolate peanut butter, but it's a little too much for me and I can never eat that all in one sitting (but that's okay, because it ends up lasting 3 days). I take all my visitors here and no one has ever been disappointed. The line always goes fast. And actually, the longer the line, the better, because that probably means the cookies are fresh from the oven, so they taste even more amazing than they already do normally. I've also had their plain baguette with butter and strawberry jam -- even something as simple as that is delicious. You know they put in the best ingredients and their baked goods are all fresh, so everything is soft and the perfect amount of crisp (nothing hard or stale). I love Levain's! Each cookie: $4 (that might sound extreme, but this is the one time I think it's totally worth it)
Wait, you want how much for ONE cookie?  $4?  Really?  It better be worth it...IT WAS. That one choc chip walnut cookie probably weighed nearly a pound on its own.  It wasn't some puny sized cookie that's for sure.  Have that with a nice cup of coffee and that baby will keep you full till lunch time.  It was delicious.   It had an ever so slightly rawish middle that kept it chewy on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside.  Perfect in my book.  So much so it got me intrigued and I wound up buying one of each of the other 3 flavors.  I walked out astonished that I just dropped $16 on 4 cookies with no intentions of sharing.  Can someone say Fatty McFatterson???
I heard there was a "Throwdown" with Bobby Flay for Levain Bakery (I haven't seen the episode, but rumor is that Levain Bakery crushed Flay).  Anyway, Levain is one of those awesome bakeries that you can smell from a mile away because it's just so delicious and yummy and makes you feel really good in the tummy.  (Can you tell Levain has made me crazy?)   The chocolate chip walnut cookie is one of the most best cookies I've ever had and I bought two (one for my boyfriend who lives all the way downtown) but neither of the cookies made it.  OOPS!  In my defense, it was a LONG subway ride and the cookies were just SITTING in my lap!
I tried their chocolate walnut cookie today, and my life will never be the same.  It's 4 dollars, but worth every penny.
$4 cookie anyone? It IS a GIANT cookie.  Not giant like a big flat giant cookie, but giant like a big gooey, 3/4 inch thick cookie.  Very rich and sweet. Levain is in the basement and there is only room to buy the cookies and run out.  So there is a line usually out the door.  My friends and I shared the double chocolate chip and walnut cookie, and the chocolate chocolate chip cookie (a bit too chocolately for my taste).  My fav is the chocolate chip and walnut cookie.  YUM.  I love warm fresh cookies. Is it worth $4?  Sure - $4 for a sweet experience.
So glad I finally got to visit today - after seeing coverage of this bakery on Good Network. Awesome chocolate chip walnut cookie - almost a meal in itself - well worth the walk to devour one!
slightly crumbly crunchy outside, gooey buttery blondie textured inside. chock full of nuts and chocolate chips, but not overwhelmingly so that you cant experience the texture of the cookie dough itself. all in all, not  a bad cookie. but I would prefer a cookie that is soft and chewy without having to be undercooked.
oh wow. im a purist when it comes to chocolate chip cookies (no nuts), but their signature cookie (chocolate chip with walnuts) is perfection. im embracing nuts....in a cookie! i think we got lucky, because we got one right off the rack and it was still out-of-the-oven warm!! also tried the dark chocolate chocolate chip, but it wasnt warm like the other, and it was VERY rich. still, it was very good ... but next time i'll stick to their most popular option. its pretty far from out home in the east village, but the trip is worth it!
The choc-chip walnut cookie makes me want to bake immediately. First, when you see the amount of dough that constitutes each cookies, it reminds you of that great moment when you put the dough in the oven. Second, the texture here--part gooey, part moist, part crisp-- makes you feel like it is made just for you.
i live in SF, where Specialties bakes the best cookies in town. until last week, i didn't think a cookie could get any better, but i was wrong. so, so wrong. my husband and i went to NYC last week for the marathon (again, thank GOD for running!), and i'd heard about Levain from the food network challenge. poor bobby flay... anyway, i was determined to give 'em a try, so after a gorgeous run through central park, we trotted over to the Levain. i knew the second i saw the size of these monsters that this was gonna be goooood. i got the choc/walnut and my hubby got the choc/p.b. chip. we lugged the bag to starbucks, took a seat at the window with our coffee, and dove in. WOW! buttery and crispy on the outside, gooey and decadent on the inside. by far the best cookie i've ever had! and though i cringe at the caloric count, i must note that hubby and i didn't eat another meal until about 5 hours after the cookies. so really, it's all good! :D
Excellent, sets a new standard for cookies. The lady after me in line ordered 'one of each'...I would call that audacious!
What is it with people and waiting for pricey stuff that they'll want to (need to) eat immediately but will have no space for? That said, the chocolate peanut butter cookie was legitimately good. Very very melty inside and just as richly pleasurable as you were hoping it would be. $4 Saved the chocolate chip banana bread for the next day, which may have been a mistake. At that price, I would have expected something with more chocolate and banana flavors. I still ate it all though. Pretty moist stuff.
I've lived here for 4 years and recently had my first Levain experience. Don't judge. I'm a busy girl. But I found myself on this side of town the other day and now everybody can relax because I popped my freaking cherry. It was one of those kinds of days and well, what better way to go down the emotional eating spiral I figure than to spend an obscene amount of money on a cookie? Yes, I did have the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie for dinner, and so can you.
This review is based solely on Levain's much ballyhooed cookies. I got both varieties, the regular choco-chip w/ walnut and the chocolate choco-chip avec peanut. I bought three. These cookies ain't cheap but I can tell you that as I walked uptown on Amsterdam with my little paper bag with three cookies inside it felt as though I were carrying a cinder block. Epic size aside, they are incredibly chewy and buttery delicious. One cookie can easily serve two people (but probably won't bcs once you start munching one of these suckers you ain't stopping til it's gone. Kinda like crack).
All this hype about Levain and their famous chocolate chip walnut cookies... December 2010 and I finally make it to NYC to sample this bad boy. By far the most colossal cookie I've ever eaten... which lived up to expectations - the BIGGEST cookie ever eaten and yummy! Also ordered the artichoke Gruyere flat bread pizza. The guy behind the counter asked if we wanted it: a) fired in the oven; b) sliced; c) packed to go. Yes please, all of the above. We ate while walking to the nearest subway station since we wanted to try it while it was hot and fresh. Bubbly, thin, crispy, cheesy and loaded with artichokes! We devoured the entire thing by the end of the next block -- four thumbs up (2 for me, 2 for my mom!). Soo good we want to go back to try the other two flavors... and get this one again since it's already a declared winner. I admit it! I only really-like my cookie, whereas I LOVE my pizza. Dear Levain, I know you ship cookies, but how about pizza to Hawaii?
Huuuge cookie for $4! I'll admit, it's quite an investment for ONE cookie, but oh my goodness, it is so worth it. Freshly baked & a must for chocolate+cookie lovers everywhere. You can see trays of literally MOUNDS of cookie dough, waiting to be baked near the counter. Place is very tiny & cramped. They have a few stools, but really, you order what you want and get out. Their space consists of the kitchen & some mere standing space for people to place their orders. I suggest finding somewhere else to snack and chat. I wish they had another location in downtown Manhattan. UWS is just too far for me to get their cookies on a frequent basis :(
Cant go wrong with these cookies. Nothing I can say that hasnt been said already. Just go and try them.
To be perfectly honest, I only went out of my way to Levain Bakery because they beat Bobby Flay on his throwdown.  It's a very small and crowded bakery, not really any place to sit.  They do make some pretty good cookies, but definitely overpriced.
Friend told me this was the best bakery ever with the best chocolate chip cookies ever.  She was right.  Levain Bakery is pretty small, but very cute.  The cookies there are a bit pricey at $4 a piece, but oh are they HUGE.  Not only huge but so fresh and warm!  I bit into the chocolate chip walnut and warm chocolate started dripping out.  I was so full after eating that cookie that I walked for a few miles afterwards.  Highly recommend this place if you are a chocolate chip cookie fanatic (although I'm sure their other cookies are equally as delicious)
In love. That's all.  Worth all four dollars and the wait.
I can't say anything that hasn't already been said in previous posts.  I saw Levains' cookie pics on yelp and knew I had to get there and try my own.  My husband's expression conveyed the message "Really?"...not in a good way.  I just love it when he is wrong.  In this case - he too was glad.  Thanks to Levain, both of us gained nearly 10 pounds during our last two week stay in NYC.  I was addicted to the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip - he, to the Dark Chocolate.  All four warm cookies were a delight.  We ordered milk with ours - sometimes 3 times per day.  Guys, I am telling you, NOTHING compares to these ultimate comfort food warm cookies - NOTHING.  It was delightful to watch the nonstop line of customers - many newbies discovering the heady delights of this homely warm cookie after just one bite.  Everyone eating was in Nirvana.  I am convinced that IF these cookies were distributed on a world wide basis,  wars would cease - no more enmities nor strife.  Levains' cookies have just such a power to transform each and every consumer into a love struck dewy eyed dope wanting nothing but their next warm cookie fix.....just  saying....  :)
After seeing so many reviews for this bakery and my craving for sweets, we went out on a mission to get the infamous chocolate chip walnut cookies. Now, mind you, traveling from Queens to the upper west side is no easy task. Normally, it would be about 45 mins to an hour. God decided to test just how bad I wanted these cookies and when I want something that bad, nothing stands in my way. We sat in traffic and a detour for an additional hour, that's about 2 hours just to arrive at Levain 5 mins before it closes. It felt like Tokyo Drift racing. So close and with only a few minutes to spare. My beb stood in line while I sat in the car anxiously waiting to see if he can get these divine desserts. Ten minutes later, he walks up to my window. Me: Did you get it? (I know, totally sound like mafia or drugs) Me: Did they still have? Beb: *hands over three bags* Me: *giddy expression, big grin and clapping hands* Was it worth it? HELL YEAH!!!! Oh my god, I must have said, "this is soooo good" at least five times while devouring this yummy goodness. The cookies just came out of the oven, still soft, warm and googy. You can see the chocolate chunks everywhere. Best chocolate chip walnut cookies I've ever had. Satisfied my sweet tooth for now. On to our next foodie adventure! ;)
This place is a MUST stop if you are in NYC. We went with the chocolate peanut butter and these things are HUGE! The outside has just a slight crisp so it doesn't melt or fall apart; but when you bite into one of these, it is so moist with ooey gooey chocolate inside! This joint is truly a small, cramped, quaint, hole-in-the-wall place a few blocks west of Central Park and I can see how it would get crazy crowded. We went on a Thursday morning about 11:15am and waited only about 2 mins. If there is one place you stop for dessert in NYC; make it Levain. You won't be disappointed. read less
So I won't beat around the bush here and rant and rave about how amazing the cookies are because honestly, we all know how delicious they truly are. Dark chocolate peanut butter by far has become my favorite after my friend dragged me there en route to Central Park one day. The only reasons I cannot give them 5 stars are more of some heads up to people before heading over to Levain's: -Their cookie's are $4 each (with other things being higher): Though they are decent in size, that is a pretty penny to pay for such a sweet morsel. -It is a grab and go kind of shop: There is no where really to sit, there is a line coming and going, and it is quite crammed once inside...so make up your mind or have a friend make it up for you! -Since they are fresh baked cookies, you can't have them out in the heat that long: I tried bringing them to Central park on a warm day and they got all melty. Mostly my fault, but yes it is a downside to buying a $4 cookie. Either it quickly or get it home quickly, no stalling! Other than that, it is a must taste place on UWS. Even if you don't want to buy cookies like this all the time, it is one of those things you must try at least once, so go indulge yourself :)
I'm a cupcake person, not a cookie person. However, Levain Bakery is delicious. Disturbingly so because they are huge. Try one and you will never look at a cookie the same again. I don't even think we should call them cookies. Perhaps giant circular disks.
Oh, Levain Bakery. Why must your moist mounds of delicious doughy-cookie-ness reside so very far from where I live? How I have dreamt of your enormous cookies with their crunchy exteriors, soft and chewy centers, and that oh-so-satisfying feeling when I have finished every last morsel of the one, okay, two or three cookies that I bought. My wallet may say no to the maybe-not-so-ludicrous price of $4 per cookie, but my taste buds and stomach say yes, yes, YES! Whether it be oatmeal raisin or chocolate chip walnut, all seeking comfort from a freshly-baked good will find it at Levain Bakery. Now someone please give me a reason to be walking randomly around in that neighborhood...
Although some in our group were making cruel jokes about 'things' from the business upstairs (u gotta visit to know what I mean) falling on the baked good I went in anyway 'caus it smelled SOOOOO GOOOOD. Inside were some busy bees baking up some sweet confections:  Cookies almost as large as my hand!  I looked at the 4 varieties before me and just could not decide.  So.... I folded and bought one of each!  16 beans is a little expensive for a few cookies, but let me tell 'ya: It was worth every penny. So go, enjoy and don't be afraid to splurge a little for the good stuff. BTW: No evidence whatsoever of anything from upstairs making it's way downstairs.  LOL.
These aren't cookies ... they are scone sized delicious warm cookie dough filled crusted deliciousness.  Unfairly good.   But don't ask for the calorie count ...  I can only imagine.
Best cookie I've ever ever had! I had the double chocolate and the chocolate walnut. I like the chocolate walnut better. I don't live in the upper west side but I would make a trip to get these amazing cookies!
Levain is NYC's answer to SF's Specialties. Or maybe it's the other way around. Both have mound cookies, as if you took a heap of cookie dough and slammed it onto a baking sheet. The chocolate chip walnut cookie is yummy. I just wish they had a chocolate chip option sans nuts.
Best cookies in the city! The Chocolate Peanut Butter cookie is the best, but all of the cookies are good. The service is always friendly and fast, and they take credit cards without a minimum limit.
this review is purely for their chocolate chip walnut cookie simply because i've never bothered to order anything else there. biggest con is that they've been discovered, and there's always a long line down the block...
Don't let the long lines and four dollar a cookie price tag scare you from waiting to pick up the best cookies in New York. Coming from someone who does lives in San Francisco, there is no cookie equal to the ginormous, soft, gooeyness of these amazing cookies. The line truthfully, although it looks really long, goes by really fast and I did not wait more than five minutes. The cookies are so warm, soft, and delicious that you don't need any milk with them! Oh if I wasn't cursed with nut allergies I would have loved to try the famous chocolate walnut, but I was still delighted by the oatmeal raisin despite not being the most popular cookie. Easily twice the size of many other cookies if not three times the size, this cookie is for the big boys. It had whole raisins and yummy oatmeal. It was sweet, but just enough where it was not overwhelming and still satisfied any cookie craving anyone could ever have. Another great thing is that this small underground bakery is so popular that they are always baking up fresh batches so you never receive a hard and unpleasant cookie. Another thing to note for me is that I initially bought four to bring home and one for myself, but after having eaten one outside I had to get back in line and buy another three more. If this place was in the bay area I would certainly have a cookie belly. Hands down the best cookies I've ever had and worth going back over and over again.
This place was a miss. It boils down to the fact that they make their cookies thick and doughy which made it closer to a biscuit rather than a cookie.
Well, back when the new UWS Magnolia Bakery yelp.com/biz/magnolia-ba… opened up a block away from me about a year or so ago, I promised my buddy Atif, yelp.com/user_details?us…. that I would check out Levain before I EVER stepped foot into the purportedly vile abode that is Magnolia.   Well, before good 'ol Atif, I had promised other, non-Yelp friends that I would do the same thing long before Mag opened up but shhhh... don't tell him! Anyhow, the reason it took me so long even though this place is completely on my walking circuit of places to visit, is that I do not posses a sweet tooth! I swear, Atif must have somehow inherited my dad's infamous sweet tooth and robbed me of my birthright! Good thing though, as my metabolism is probably about 50 times slower than Atif's and if I possessed his penchant for sweets, I'd probably weigh 400 Lbs rather than my svelte 395 by now.   Anyhow, between the beer store and the liquor store a while back, I descended the stairs down into the quaint and lovely Levain. I almost could not look at the multitude of delicacies offered because the bright smiles of their shockingly (for the UWS, that is) friendly and happy staff kept diverting my attention. It's not every day that you see such genuinely content and fulfilled employees working at a store in this 'hood! Tells you something right is happening in there. Made paying $3.75 for a freakin' cookie completely worth it!   But the cookie... Well, as I said, I do not posses my dad's sweet tooth nor Atif's, but I do know good when I taste it. This was probably the best cookie I have ever tasted in my life, bar none! From the sugar to the chips to the nuts (and I think nuts are a complete ABOMINATION in a CC cookie), right down to the butter and even the gol-danged flour, everything that could have been right about this stupid cookie was right! And for $3.75 it darned well better have been!   Lesson learned - listen to your friends. Will I now check out Magnolia less than a block away? Hell no! Why the heck should I when Levain is a mere five blocks up?! Those semolina loaves were looking pretty darned good too!
O my gooey goodness! Are you kidding me, this place has the best cookies in the country! I took a friend all the way from down town to this place just to have him try one. My wife flipped out as well when she tried it. These guys know how to make a cookie!
A-MA-ZING. I do not know how to stress enough how awesome these cookies are. I have only tried their cookies, mainly because I can't go in there and not get a cookie. They are huge and because they are so busy generally served pretty warm still so the middle is a little gooey still. I love that but if you are a crispy cookie person, just let it cool and the inside will be just right. The worst thing I can say about this place is once after I paid for my warm gooey amazingness of a cookie the girl said "I apologize, they are fresh out of the oven so they might be a little too warm still." You're right- that sounds awful.
Their oatmeal cookie is one of my most favorite things in the world! And to the naysayers who say its too much like a scone -- it is thick and monstrous like a scone . . .like the thickest largest most chewy scone on earth! The peanut butter chocolate is also not to be missed!
I can't add anything original that hasn't already been said. The place was incredible. The chocolate peanut bitter chip was divine.  I would pay $8 per cookie.
a816-restaurantinspectio… see it and believe it! that's why they got B!!!
They have the most delicious chocolate pecan cookies ($4) that I've ever had!  It's so much worth it because it's so big and as heavy as a fruit :)  Very yummy, too!  The chocolates they use on their pastries are really delicious. I like their sour cream coffee cake and the brioche with chocolate. Such a cute bakery.  Perfect way to start your day!
The scones hear are UNBELIEVABLY amazing. They crumble apart as you eat them in a pleasing way and are full of flavor.
i have only tried levain's cookies, but they are enough to warrant 5 stars because they are, by far, the best cookies i have ever had.  i'm usually not a fan of oversized baked goods, but these monstrous cookies are well worth the calories and indulgence!  being a chocolate lover, of course i'm a fan of their chocolate chip varieties, but i think their oatmeal raisin is the most surprisingly delightful-- it's buttery, chewy, not overloaded with oats and cinnamon like most others... heaven!
Cookie monsters beware -- you'll love these cookies. Large, almost scone-like cookies that taste like goodness. Since there's thousands of reviews... Tips: 1) Call in your order in advance. 2) Oatmeal Raisin + Chocolate Chip Walnut = amazing 3) Chocolate Chocolate Chip = brownie-like cookie 4) $4 per cookie
SO. OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD. i cannot even get over how absolutely delicious their chocolate chip walnut cookie was. biggest cookies ive ever seen. $4 each. so moist, soft, and chewy in the center, with the melting chocolate and crunch of the walnuts making harmony with the delicious melt-in-your-mouth dough. the outer parts of the cookie and top portion are perfectly crispy and crunchy. HOLY MOLY how do they get this cookie so PERFECT? close to central park, a perfect snack with your morning cup of coffee as you stroll through the park. such a cute, cozy little bakery, friendly service...i wish i had bought the entire store!!!
Levain has the BEST cookies in ny. Ever since Ive tried it, There has been no other places that could come anywhere close. Texture, smell, taste...etc. I would go all the way from midtown east (office) to upper west just to get a few cookies, then back to midtown east and continue working. I've tried the following: 1) chocolate chip walnut: AMAZING. Nobody could ever say they've had the best cookie until they've had a cookie from levain.   2) dark chocolate chip: super good as well. Heaven for a chocolate lovers. 3) raspberry scone: regular scone. I've had much better ones at Bosie Tea Parlor. 4) banana chocolate chip loaf bread: regular as well, not amazing. Everytime I go there I will get one of each cookie. yes, $4 is expensive. But consider they are not cheap with the ingredients they put in and how heavy the cookie is, the price is not unreasonable. The best thing is that if you can't finish and you end up putting them in the frig, they taste as good as the fresh ones if you just bake them in the oven for a few minutes. If you're too lazy to bake them then don't put them in the frig in the first place, if you leave them out, prob better to finish them within 2-3 days. Even then, they still taste pretty soft and smells super good,   especially the dark chocolate chip one. Levain cookies make my day.
Yet another place I go to when in New York.  A must go.  The cookies are a hybrid between a cookie and a scone.  I guess that's the best way to describe them.  They are huge and lasted me awhile. All I get is: 1) oatmeal raisin cookie 2) a tall milk This place has made me a cookie snob.  Hmm... there seems to be a running theme here about my post-NYC food experiences.
Hands down the best cookies in America.  Fact. My favorite move is to order a cookie at Levain, walk next door to the convenient store for some milk and then find a bench to enjoy.
The only cookie I've ever eaten like it was a sandwich, it is MASSIVE. The chocolate chip walnut is my favorite and I can never finish one on my own. The cookies come out slightly warm so you have to eat them right away. This is not a cookie to eat at home, on the way home, tomorrow, etc. Stand in front of the store and eat this awesome cookie!
We almost missed this place since it's quite small. Look for the bakery under a more visible MAX WAX sign. The line was long, but that's expected for famous bakeries in the city. It moves fast though, so it didn't really try my patience. While $4 cookies may sound a bit excessive to those who are not used to NYC prices, but it's completely worth it because they are colossal! A single cookie is definitely adequate for 2 people, perhaps even more. My friend and I split the double chocolate chip and I decided to eat my 60% of the cookie in one sitting because I was too lazy to carry it around everywhere. Listen up, if you can't finish it at once, don't try to. Just eat it slowly and enjoy every bite. Save it for days if you have to. I don't think I've ever said this about anything, but I actually regret eating it too fast. The double chocolate chip is *very* rich. . . Dare I complain that it's too luscious and gooey towards the center? I'd recommend the chocolate chip walnut, instead. Important: Remember to get something to drink with this; they sell $1 bottled water, which may save your life if you're choking on the cloying double chocolate chip. They don't sell milk or black coffee, but those go wonderfully with the cookie too.
I bought a dozen chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies as a gift for my boyfriend.  I thought he would give at least four away but he liked them a lot.  They're too much for him but he likes to microwave the chocolate chip cookies.  He thinks the oatmeal raisin cookie is too rich.  My favorite is the dark chocolate peanut butter chip.
levain, levain. when not with you, i'm in pain.
These have to be the best chocolate chip cookies in the world.  The cookies are the size of a baseball so only have 1 if possible.  I have purchased online for friends and family and they are blown away.  Expensive but worth it.  You will be obese afterwards.
these cookies are the size of my FIST!
So I finally made it the store. A small bakery a little below street level. I heard of long lines just to get these bad boys so imagine my astonishment when we arrived Memorial Day afternoon and went straight to the counter. Score! Let me reiterate. Best. Cookies. Everrrrrrrrr!! Yes, it's $4 each. So what?! It's all worth it. That Chocolate Chocolate Chip and that Walnut Chocolate Chip are a dieters worst nightmare. And a sweetaholics dream come true ::swoons:: One word to describe your first bite --- "Whaaaaaatttttt??!!!" with a huge grin on your face. Not conforming to the masses here. Cranky or not, these cookies will make your day a whole lot brighter. Go for it take a huge bite, you'll be in heaven in no time.
Those cookies are HUGE! Really moist, but that because there is so much sugar in them, very good, but a must-share treat. Maybe a glass of milk will help too. I'd for sure like to try some more stuff, but I really liked the chocolate walnut cookie.
The dark chocolate chocolate chip and chocolate chip walnut cookies are divinely rich. Too rich to be eaten alone in one sitting, not too rich to be shared with your partner in eating (P.I.E. if you will.) you and P.I.E. can enjoy these cookies with ice cream while watching a movie on your sofa, while the radiator is pumping at full blast and your apartment feels like a sauna. I give it only 3 stars because it's VERY rich and expensive for a cookie, I mean, $4? C'mon, don't you know we in a recession??? And I know their rent isn't that high because the space is super small with no seating room.
Holy expletive, I get to be the 1657th review of Levain Bakery! I would probably eat these once a year, as I'm sure I'm still on a sugar high off of the elephantine chocolate peanut butter chip monstrosity I ate 2 weeks ago. I bought 4 for some friends -- two of them were kids -- and the price point of four dollars was worth it. The location itself is very tiny and reminded me of Cafe Habana by Nolita: lots of action, and lots of people outside waiting and eating cookies. We took our 24 oz box of 4 cookies to Verdi Square to eat, if you could really call them cookies as they were chewy, gooey, and wonderful. My little sister actually took one of those sample gelato spoons and started scooping her chocolate chip almost but not quite there yet cookie. I couldn't finish mine, but was pleasantly surprised that the goodness is not specific to how warm and gooey the cookie is. After an hour or so, the cookie retains its amazingness, but the peanut butter chips become more solid, the overwhelming sweetness is mitigated, and it becomes more manageable to stuff your face with while on a moving train. Thumbs up.
Where do I begin? To tell the story of how great a chocolate chip cookie can be The simple truth about the love Levain Cookie brings to me Where do I start? I took the holy trip to that bakery last weekend. It was easy to spot out the small bakery on 74th street from the line of people queuing out side. As i walked in to the small bakery i was thrown off by the size and the decor of the place but i was overwhelmed with the aroma of baked chocolate and warm cookies. I tried both the double chocolate chip cookies and the walnut chocolate chip cookie. With my first bite i realized that this is in fact THE best cookie that has ever been baked on the face of the Earth...  I do not know how they do it but every bite had the perfect amount of  molten chocolate ecstasy. It is perfect and you do not need to change and should not change anything to the sacred recipe of the Levain cookies... They sell other baked stuff there that i did not care to try, i just wanted their cookies... The only thing i wish they would do is to have smaller size cookies. They are almost 5-6 ounces cookies and no matter what i think i will never be able to finish an entire one. Oh yes and i wish they would have better coffee... Just a warning to you guys... you better renew ur expired Gym membership cos these cookies are addictive..
We finally arrived to the cookie oasis, finding ourselves standing in front of the rather small front (although the place is pretty deep with the kitchen and all).  Pretty simplified menu: chocolate chip walnut, oatmeal raisin, chocolate peanut butter, or chocolate chocolate ($4 each). Cookies are ginormous and very buttery.  It's a good thing we'd walked ~50 blocks to get there!  We got there ~5PM and got oven-fresh cookies.  Fresh out of the oven, the butteriness was rather too rich for me.  I had the other half the next day and it was still moist. 3.5 stars; it's good, but not quite i-crave-it-and-want-to-go-back for-more. Pricey too. Take-Away: What's not to love about fist-sized butter-filled cookie wonder?  Nothing but the consequences ;) Also, for SFers -- think Specialties (but no wheat germ).
location: relatively close to central park.  it's almost in a basement.  you have to go downstairs in what looks like a brownstone.  they have cameras that show the store's activity,  so people online can see if it's busy or not (similar to shake shack).  there's just a tiny counter and the bakery kitchen,  so i wouldn't recommend lingering around.  just buy it and go!  avoid peak hours,  it's a zoo!  they beat bobby flay on throwdown,  so it's famous. must have items: -dark chocolate peanut butter cookie:   so delicious.  this one is my fave.  it's thick and rich,  almost like a piece of cake.  the peanut butter chips are melted,  so it oozes all over.  i'm a big peanut butter fan.  it's very dense and rich,  so share it with someone.  the best cookie i've ever had in my entire life.  so good,   it makes me wanna get violent.     - chocolate chip walnut cookie:  delicious.  this one is my second fave.  again,  very thick and rich.   it's very cake-like.  the chocolate chips are oozing and it's just a flavor explosion of sweet,  sugary goodness.  i'm a big fan of nuts (that's what she said).  i like it nice and thick.   not a fan of thin,  flimsy,  crunchy cookies.   i like mine moist.   conclusion: best place for cookies in the entire world.  highly recommend it.   experience a life-changing,  religious moment of euphoric bliss.  come with lots of friends,  so you don't have to feel too guilty because these cookies easily have a day's worth of calories and are heavy handed on the butter.  they're not cookies,  they are cakes!  you'll probably get a zit after eating these monsters.  if you're having a shitty week,  indulge.  eat now,  work out combat-style later.
oh my goodness these cookies are amaazzzingg! they're super huge! and super rich that you'll probably end up sharing it with 3 of your friends or a large glass of milk but either way you'll want to come back and be so so sad that you ate a large meal beforehand. they had chocolate chip with walnuts, chocolate chocolate chip and 2 more chocolate based ones :) it's pretty pricy but its worth the trip and the price. bring me back, now. please.
Yes the cookies are a bit pricey, but so completely worth it. I just moved to the neighborhood, and when my mom decided to come in for her birthday I needed to find good chocolate stat. Yelp did not let me down! These cookies are just score perfect on every cookie quality you look for...good ingredients, crispy outside, gooey inside, great texture all around. And people aren't talking about their jelly donut type things. Amazing. Moving within a six block radius of this place may not have been a good move. Good thing it's a walkup!
Gi-nor-mous and goooood cookies!
best cookie of my life. seriously. my best friend laughed at me when i called just to tell her that. ive walked by this place so many times and am both psyched that i finally took the time to go in and a little scared for the implications of it being so close to my apartment. at $3.50 a pop, the cookies are a bit pricey, but 100% worth it. i also was extremely impressed that at 6 pm on a sunday they had a freshly-baked batch.
An awesome way to end an awesome day. Even if they aren't "fresh" (hot out of the oven), these cookies are STILL MELTY AND GOOEY ON THE INSIDE. $4? Worth. It. (If you're really scraping for pennies then split one- they easily can fulfill two people's cookie cravings) They're each more like 4 cookies smooshed into one, so... hello, value. ;) Will come back to try the chocolate peanut butter one!
This place is an hidden gem. If you like cookies you must come here! The chocolate chip cookie is great and it keeps you full all day long (indicating that it must be a bunch calories.. :)) But don't mind the calories focus on the great taste! :)
I have, at last, tried the famous chocolate chip-walnut cookie, and it was good. Really good. Really, really, really good. The double chocolate was okay -- nice cocoa and everything -- but it had a kind of brownie-like texture that I was a bit iffy on. Now if only they had a place where one could sit and linger with a cup of tea and a friend while it was chilly outside. That would make Levain an absolutely 5-star trip. As it was, the bf and I toted our cookies over to the B&N on 82nd and ate them in the cafe. I worked for the first two years that the B&N on Astor Place was open, so I'm allowed to do that. I've paid my dues. And, yes, I ate the whole thing. In one B&N cafe sitting. All 28.27 cubic inches of it.
Pros: Fresh, delicious bread, cookies, baguettes, rolls, and more. My favorite? Chocolate brioche and whole wheat raisin rolls. You can most likely split one scrumptious cookie amongst 3 people, or one burly person. Cons: little place to sit, sometimes the bread can get a bit burnt. Side note: occasional long lines with obnoxious people (not a reflection of the business, but its clientele). Check this place out if you live on the UWS or if you're visiting and want some breakfast as you explore Central or Riverside Park.
MOST PERFECT chocolate chip walnut cookies EVER. The cookies are warm and crunchy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside, satisfyingly sweet but not too sweet...just perfect... These bites of heaven just melt in your mouth. yummmmmmm
The chocolate chip walnut cookie is delightful - it's basically cookie dough with crust, sweet but not cloying, with generous amounts of melted semi-sweet chocolate chips and walnuts to make every gooey bite more delicious and interesting. The inventory moves off the shelves fast, so the cookies are typically fresh out of the oven, and you'll often have to wait for them to cool off. You can also order a glass of milk to wash it down. Yes, the cookies are $4, but they're absolutely worth it. I only wish they were open later so I could get one every time I found myself on the Upper West Side.
The cookies are like pieces of rocks. The line was about 15min wait on a Sat afternoon at 6ish. Cash only!! and it's $4 nett per piece of cookie - my friend and I only had $7.75 after digging out all our coins... So we had to 'beg' for a quarter from the people behind us so we can get 2 cookies. LOL. The nice couple behind us took pity on us and gave us the quarter. The girl behind the counter was pretty surprised and said 'wow that's really nice of them'. I love NYC. :) Back to the cookies - we tried the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate peanut butter - I definitely prefer the latter. Saved half for the next day, heated it up in the oven toaster and it tasted as good as ever.
UN-REAL cookies. So delicious. Friend bought them so not sure about price (reason for 4 instead of 5 stars), but will be back (and probably change my vote to 5 stars).
Chocolate chip cookies on steroids and crack! There huge and you can't stop eating.
crispy on the outside, mouth dropping delicious warm, chewy and unforgetable yummist chocolate walnut cookie eva.
the best cookies ever!  must try.
the best chocolate chip cookie ever. huge. warm. and with walnuts. i will trek to the UWS just for this cookie. still thinking about it!
Finally tried this place, and I think it did live up to the hype! I have to say that the cookies appear bigger in the pictures than they are in real life (Yelp photographers, we need a frame of reference!), but once I started digging in I realized they were more than big enough lol. There were two of us, so we got one chocolate chip walnut and one dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie and both were pretty awesome. A little bit of crunch to the outside, but soft centers like pretty much everyone else has mentioned. The chocolate chip cookie came out warm from the oven whereas the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie did not and folks, I have to say it makes a difference! We got a bottle of water there to wash it down and then realized that just wasn't cutting it, so we went elsewhere to get a glass of milk and then... my life was complete lol.
I got the peanut butter chocolate chip cookie and warmed it up when I got home so it was just ooozing when I bit into it. The cookies are like a big poop ball of dough. Dense, crunchy edges, doughy inside. Digest it and then probably comes out looking the same... $3.75/cookie isn't cheap, but considering how rich and filling it is, it's a fair price. I like my cookies bite size and fluffier, though.
Being the insomniac that I am, multiple episodes of "Throwdown with Bobby Flay" are saved on my DVR at all times.  This is probably one of the worst ideas, since watching great chefs make tasty looking eats at 3am just makes me want to stuff my face with Bove's cheesy lasagna (you know you popped a frozen pasta dinner in the microwave when you saw that one), Paula Deen's country fried steak (I gotta try that brown gravy!), and especially LEVAIN BAKERY'S chocolate chip walnut cookies (so big they were popping out my TV screen).   During one of the commercials I hit up the website and was about to order over the phone, but realized no one but me is awake at this time.  Luckily a free trip to NYC popped up and I flew straight to W. 74th and Amsterdam for those ooey gooey, crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside 6 ounce bundles of joy.   Just watch out if you have easy access to these babies... at 450 calories a piece they not only weigh a ton in the bag as you carry them across the city, they'll also add a pretty pound to your belly (unless, of course, you're a triathlete). To late nights with Bobby Flay...
Located in a basement storefront beneath a waxing salon, this bakery looks like nothing special. But don't let your eyes deceive you--defer instead to your sense of smell. I was drawn in by the intoxicating aroma emanating from this place. I purchased a chocolate chip walnut cookie, and it was exceptionally good. It was large--roughly the same dimensions as a baseball. The outer texture was crisp and crunchy, and the inside was soft, filled with gooey chocolate and large pieces of walnut. In all, a delicious snack. However, four dollars per cookie is a king's ransom.
This place has only the most amazing CCC ever! Crisp exterior, gooey and chewy interior. MmmMmm good. Once you walk in, you'll smell sweet heaven and hear the angels singing. Please do yourself a favor and come here for a cookie even if it takes you to go on the treadmill for 3 hours after eating it.
Gooey, buttery, delicious! It's better than a cookie ... It's like a scone and a cookie. It's a Scookie. I usually don't like to share my food, but taking down one cookie on my own was a task. Choco-walnut is the way to go!
Chocolate chip cookie heaven.  This place is dangerous to one's waistline.  The cookies were heavy, thick, soft and delicious.
Best. Cookies. Ever. Their oatmeal raisin cookies are to die for. The smell as you're walking in is one of the best smell's on earth. Now I just have to figure out how to stop making regular detours on the way home.
I made it a point to visit Levain Bakery and got myself the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie. I absolutely loved it. If I return to NYC again, I will be sure to head there again. I was lucky there weren't many people there it was on a weekday morning. Writing this review makes me wish they shipped the cookies to Sydney Australia.
the cookies here are thick like a scone. i got the oatmeal raisin cookie (approx $4) which i thought was okay. this place is usually packed out the door. i probably should have gotten something with chocolate chip. will have to come back again and write an update.
Their cookies look like scones since they're so big. Probably one of the best cookies I've ever had!! I got my cookie when it was still warm so the chocolate chips were still gooey. EVERYONE MUST TRY THEIR COOKIES. The bakery is in a tiny basement which can probably fit like .... 5 customers comfortably. You'll know you're in the right place when you walk by the street and there's a group of people crowding around a blue window. Worth the wait and $4!
Let me start by saying that I missed my flight back to DC just to get these cookies, and they were worth it. Yes ladies and gentlemen, these cookies are that good. In fact, if a man were to propose to me with a box of these cookies and no ring, I would probably still say yes. Best darn cookies in the world! I have no idea how Levain keeps up with the demand for their product in the itty-bitty basement bakery they reside in. In the hectic, human puzzle that you have to fight your way through to place your order, you may start to wonder this yourself. I have to think they have another location where they prepare the online orders at least. I just can't believe they're able to handle it in that small of a space. Not unless they have magic elves working the night shift. What would I recommend here specifically? EVERYTHING! Get one (or 10) of everything. It's all life-changing good. Just make sure to pick me something up while you're at it. ;)
I recently visited some friends in New York, and we had a jam-packed, exhausting weekend. I enjoyed every minute of it, but to be honest, my favorite part was our visit to Levain Bakery. Yes, I choose Levain over the Brooklyn Bridge, over a Broadway show, and even over the Empire State Building...so sue me! Ever since I saw Levain Bakery featured on the Food Network, I've wanted to try their ginormous 6-oz. cookies. Maybe it's because I'm a cookie monster and think 99% of the cookies I eat are delicious (even the ones at McDonald's), but I just couldn't believe that a cookie could be THAT much better than the rest! Well...these really are. My friend and I tried the chocolate peanut butter chip and the chocolate chip walnut cookies - both were decadent, gooey, and amazingly delicious, yet they each had distinct flavors and could really hold their own. They were perfect. My only question is: how can such a tiny bakery produce such gigantic cookies? Then again, I love the cozy underground space with the narrow counter and four yellow stools that serve as a "dining area". Two girls, two huge cookies, two cups of coffee, and two cameras...what a perfect way to spend a Saturday afternoon!
I flew to New York from Moscow once, just to eat this cookie. I was not wrong. Before my first bite, I was holding my laptop in one hand and my chocolate chip cookie in the other. I took a bite of the cookie, then tripped, hurtling toward the concrete. I caught the cookie and let the laptop fall. Levain cookies are perhaps the only thing in this bittersweet, mixed-up world that are always as good as you remembered them, even years later.
Best cookies I have had. I would say the choc chip walnut is the best but you should share it with one, two or three people as it is very rich and decadent. I also enjoyed the artichoke pizza. I have tried all the other cookies but the choc chip walnut is my no 1.
I've heard of this place for a while now and it is NOT the bakery that I pictured.  It's a totally hole in the wall, in this case, floor. That said.  Daaaamn good cookies!  The $4 cookies they sell here are so heavy I can probably chuck it at someone and render them unconscious.  In fact, it's so good, just eating it almost rendered me unconscious (particularly the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie). Would I make a special trip out there just to have these delicious cookies?  No. If I'm hanging out in CP, would I start veering west and somehow end up there? Yes i would.  If my cousin ask me for the thousandth time to visit her at her uws apt, I might for reason unknown to her finally say OK.  When there exists cookies such as these in the world, I will find a reason to "happen to be in the 'hood".  So if ever you move away from Brooklyn and want me to visit you, location, location - down the block from levain is the place to be. the coffee is good too.
Worth the long walk and $4 for one cookie. I will make a trip back to this place when I am in the ctiy next. YUM.
Their dark chocolate peanut butter cookies are the best cookies I have ever had!! I've never tried anything else, but they get 5 stars for those.
Amazing. Not much more to say. Just amazing.
A must for all who worship chocolate.  Get the chocolate chocolate chip cookie.  If warm, it is gooey.  Otherwise still quite a treat.  Great for walking in Central Park or strolling Amsterdam.
hands down best cookies. ever.
Holy Smokes! The cookie is so thick! I love myself a delicious classic chocolate chip cookie. This place doesn't fulfill the void, but still delicious in it's own way. You have to walk down stairs to enter, so it might be a bit difficult for some people. I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie, and the guy said "just one?" and while he was bagging up my first cookie I gave in and got the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie as well. $4 per cookie. The cookie is firm, but soft. It doesn't have the crunchy-crunch feel. I don't know, I think you just have to give it a shot for yourself. Is it worth the trip out of your way, maybe...maybe not. Depending on how much you value being able to try all the treasures in NYC. I came here on the last day I was in NYC to gather goodies to bring back to San Francisco.
I had a sandwich with Prosciutto that made me feel like I was back in Italy. My roommate and I also tried (and loved): -artichoke pizza -baguette with butter and jam -chocolate chip walnut cookie -dark chocolate peanut butter chip -bombolocini Good coffee too!
I literally crossed the finish line after my 10K run and bolted over to Levain. I had never tried their cookies until now. I knew that I would need to have put in a good workout beforehand to not feel guilty about indulging in their massive, gooey chocolate concoctions. I took it home and scarfed it down. Absolutely heavenly with homemade french press coffee.
I discriminate against fat cookies and at sight of these cookies, I was sure I wouldn't like them. I was wrong. I also thought i didn't like chocolate cookies. I was wrong again.  My favorite here happens to be the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie, which isn't too sweet, even with the gooey chocolate chips. I was surprised that these cookies were still good when i took them back to Baltimore with me, 2 days later. I went here other day for the second time. I had to compare the walnut chocolate chip cookie to the semisweet chocolate chip cookie from Specialties (San Francisco) while it was still fresh in my mind. It wasn't an apples to apples comparison since the walnut chocolate chip cookie is a bit larger and the Specialties cookies doesn't have walnuts in it. As far as chocolate chip cookies go, I like the semisweet chocolate chip from Specialties better. The walnut chocolate chip cookie is still at the top of my list for chocolate chip cookies (and I usually don't like walnuts). I love the texture of these cookies. They're not mushy inside, but are still soft and chewy (even two days later!). Levain's cookies defies everything I thought I despised in overweight cookies. These cookies seem pricey, but they're very filling and good for sharing (if you can, I disgustingly ate 1.5 as a snack)! This place is cash only, so make sure you bring cash.
The Best Bakery in Upper West Side Manhattan! The cookies may seem expensive at $4, but trust me they are totally WORTH IT. After that first bite, you will realize like I did and many of my friends did, that these freshly baked cookies, which are actually larger than a regular-sized adult palm, are simply decadent, rich, and AMAZING!!! The bread here is usually priced around $5 to $6.50.  I usually get the whole wheat loaf, and they are very good.  They also serve coffee and have a tiny little area against the wall for you to stand and drink or eat your cookies or baked goods:) Going here is a MUST, if you happen to on the Upper West Side, and you are craving for a great cookie or some freshly baked loaf of bread, LOL :) ENJOY!!!
Delicious and enormous cookies. After browsing Yelp before my trip to NYC I saw the reviews for Levain and knew this was a place that I needed to try.  We made a special trek to the Upper East Side just to see what the hype was about. We went with the chocolate peanut butter and the chocolate chocolate. We shared two cookies between three people and still had some to spare.
Yes, they're not reasonably priced, but they sure are darn good cookies! We didn't try the PB cookies. We'll try those and their other goodies such as scones and sweet rolls next time we visit NYC and will let you know.....
Oh My Gawd! These are the best cookies I've ever had. Worth the rather audacious $4 price tag. Share if you have to, your taste buds will thank you.
Hands down, the BEST chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had in my life.  This will be the best $4 cookie of your life... and yes, it's worth the $4 splurge for this huge, warm, gooey, perfect chocolate chip walnut cookie.  They have a few other flavors of cookies too, but I've only had the chocolate chip walnut, because it was love at first bite and I feel like I'd be cheating on it if I had another type of cookie.  I have been meaning to get here on the weekends when they have cinnamon rolls that were on Oprah, because I'm sure they are just as good as the cookie.  A must if you are in New York City.
This review is for the cookies only. Wow - I guess I'm in the minority here.  Since I don't live in NY and have been dying to try the famous Levain Bakery cookies, I ordered some online.  My husband and I are total foodies and when we hear of a food item as much as we've heard about these cookies, we HAD to try them. They arrive beautifully packaged with no breakage and minimal crumbs.  Perfect.  Things went downhill when we tasted the cookies.  Chocolate chip isn't my favorite, so I also ordered oatmeal raisin and chocolate peanut butter chip.  The chocolate chip cookie was big, I'll give it that, and for a super sized cookie it was well baked...chewy inside and crisp on the outside...but the taste was disappointing.  The dough was flavorless and there were so many chocolate chips it was difficult to eat.  My husband tried one and said he felt like they were trying to mask the bland dough with an overabundance of chips. He threw his cookie in the trash. Oatmeal  is one of my very favorite cookies so I had higher hopes for that one.  Again, very bland and flavorless dough.  I was struggling to find any distinguishing flavor.  A little salt would certainly aid in the flavor factor.  Sadly, that cookie also ended up in the trash.  We have yet to try the chocolate peanut butter chip and I hope those are better.  These cookies are not cheap, particularly if you order online and pay the shipping!  Our excitement soon ended in utter disappointment and my dream of finding that truly special cookie has been dashed.
get them all, they're all delicious.. just do it , you know you want to. big and warm and oozy gooey melty carby!!!!!!
A tiny bakery located in the Upper West Side, this place is easy to miss if you're not paying attention! This was my 2nd visit.  I arrived at 9:45 am on a Wednesday morning and my only mission upon returning to Cali was to get some chocolate chip cookies for my 6 year old niece, with no nuts. Sadly, this bakery was out of chocolate chip cookies but I didn't want to return home without anything so I opted for 2 chocolate chip cookies with walnuts, 2 chocolate chocolate cookies (no nuts), 1 chocolate peanut butter cookie and a chocolate brioche.  Total came up to $21 and some change. Baby girl was still happy with her chocolate chocolate cookie.  She says it tastes like a yummy brownie.  And I was happy with the ones with walnuts. I actually prefer cookies with nuts.  The cookies are huge, tasty, soft and scrumptious.  Totally worth $4/cookie and totally worth the calories but come when they open if you don't want nuts.
I consider myself to be a cookie connoisseur, and Levain Bakery's Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookie is the best I've ever had. The inside is gooey perfection and has an ideal peanut butter to chocolate ratio. This is the kind of place you buy an obscene amount of cookies for all your friends knowing that you will actually demolish them yourself within 24 hours. People complain that $4 a cookie is too much, but I think the portion and quality easily makes it worth it. I will probably be cabbing here directly from the airport the next time I am in New York City (no shame)
Instructions on Enjoying the Best Cookie NYC Has to Offer: 1.  Gather up a friend. 2.  Go to the Upper West Side. 3.  Visit Levain. 4.  Buy a chocolate chip walnut cookie. 5.  Share the ginormous cookie with friend. 6.  Wash your hands. 7.  Quickly go to Central Park or where ever you can lay down. 7.  Take a food coma nap. 8.  Dream and recap the wonderful experience you had wolfing down those ounces of guilty joy!
Oh my Lord. I once had a favorite cookie at specialty's bakery in california. I'm not sure I knew what I was talking about when I declared it my favorite cookie, cuz I tasted a real cookie at Levain. Eat it while it's fresh.  Eat it as a meal.  Eat the dark chocolate/peanut butter cookie. It's crispy on the outside and when you bite down the middle it's like borderline raw cookie dough/silky chocolate fudge truffle texture.  It's amazing.  It's filling. At first I was like what?!?! $4??? are you joking!? Then I ate the other hlaf for dinner 4 hours later. Yea. I feel like I ate a $4 cookie for dinner.  It's my new favorite cookie.
Damn good cookie but a bit on the sweet side.  A little extra salt would do the trick, I think!
This place has been on my list for a while now...and i finally went today! The moment i stepped into this little bakery....the aroma just blew me away! I think i can stay there all day....sigh.....=) I brought the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Cookie. Is it just me? I had a tongue twist pronouncing "Dark Chocolate Chocolate Cookie"...LOL~ Anywho...this cookie is BIG! From the looks of it..its pretty plain except the size of course...but its actually quiet firm on the outside...and the inside is moist and filled with yummy melted chocolate chips...Every little bite, is dangerous!!! Let me repeat that! DANGEROUS! LOL~~ The reason why I only gave a 4-star was because it was actually a little too sweet for my taste...being Chinese or Asian..we have a lower tolerance towards sweets...boo...i know! But other than that, it was DANGEROUS!
now, i don't consider myself a religious woman, but OH SWEET MOTHER OF GOD ... i took one bite of the dark chocolate peanut butter and i think i saw jesus. he was surrounded by little angels and lights, and told me to keep chewing when all i wanted to do was run my happy ass to the back, take an IV and inject that raw dough directly into my blood stream to get it all into my body a little bit sooner. ooey, gooey, dreamy, luscious mountains of doughy chocolatey goodness. hot damn. 313213 calories and 54356 grams of fat demolished in 2.5 minutes. so THIS is what those bible beaters meant by their "religious experiences." who knew? so, like a good little gal, i listened to jesus and ate the whole thing ... and a little of my brother's ... and maybe even a little of my friend's. thanks, boys ... god blessed you twice because you shared.
Best cookie ever!! It is pricey though. $4 a cookie... is it worth that?? YES!!!!
Delicious! These cookies are gigantic, gooey and not too sweet. They are addicting! I brought a few of these back to California, and my friends gobbled them up right away. The only difference is, these cookies aren't really your traditional cookie. They're these giant, almost cakey mounds of chocolatey goodness.
probably the best chocolate peanut butter cookie i've ever had. beat's my grandma's. And get the milk! it's worth it. in all honesty, it's worth the price.
the best chocolate chip cookie i ever had.  the portion was huge. place is kind of cramped though. service was excellent!
If the Gates of Heaven were serving complimentary cookies, chances are they were baked at Levain. Specifically the chocolate chunk walnut. These oversized cookies served warm, oozing with melted milk chocolate chunks are the most amazing cookies ever created. It's rich and sweet making you run for a glass of milk. The double chocolate, oatmeal raisin, peanut butter chocolate are just as good but the chocolate walnut is by far the best. If it's still available, make sure you pick up a chocolate roll. A warm crispy roll oozing with delicious chocolate.
I have a coworker who will spend his hour lunch break commuting up to Levain and back to buy cookies and honestly I think that adequately expresses how AMAZING LEVAIN IS. Those cookies are literally to kill for. People most likely have died for want of these cookies. I don't say that lightly. Murder isn't a joke. Neither is Levain. In conclusion: Levain.
I am not the biggest dessert fan but man o man the cookies here definitely made me turn my head!  I noticed a lot of people walking their dogs around here but if I lived in the area I'd be walking my cow and constantly making pit stops to Levain so I'd have an endless supply of milk to accompany their super rich cookies. Slight crunch on the outside while warm, soft, and gooey on the inside.  Everything from the dough, the massive amount of chocolate and walnuts just work in perfect harmony.  The double chocolate was almost like eating a fudge brownie and screams for milk but was still oh so good.  The price is a little on the steep side but one bite of these cookies and you won't give a damn because you'll be in a state of cookie nirvana.
Picture it, a 20 something girl in a blue summer dress approaches the counter. There are only four options, most of them featuring chocolate as a main ingredient. She contemplates, gazes, and her eyes fall upon the double chocolate cookie. Dark and thick. Ready to be bitten. Her order is placed. A fresh cookie is handed to her and she steps outside into the bustling UWS, walking north, aimlessly. She bites into the cookie, and explosions of pure endless lust and joy shoot off in her brain. The middle of the cookie is a gooey, flowing river of chocolate, dribbling down her chin. Pure heaven.
Best cookies of my life. Walnut and chocolate chip cookies... mmmh, I can't wait to eat another one!!
Came here for breakfast-- my bf and I ordered their brioche breads. One with chocolate chips and the other with cinnamon butter. I thought both of them to be delicious. We also got a kind of each cookie togo.  Since they're known for their cookies and we were on vacation, we didnt mind with the prices. However for $4 a cookie, you're getting yourself some hardcore cookie goodness. On the plane home, I had the oatmeal raisin cookie, that sucker was dence!! I couldn't finish it in one sitting. But the taste and texture of the cookie was just perfect, It had just the right balance between chewy and crispy. Loved it. Thank goodness this place isn't near by, or I'd become a fat~~~. HAHAA!!
There is little doubt that a venture to the Upper West Side should render a patronage to the most humbled Levain Bakery.  Given its notoriety, the highly acclaimed creations of this establishment is to be bestowed with the highest of degree of appreciation.  Of course, the renderings of such an establishment should be observed through one's interpretation, in lieu of that from a third party. The location itself is modest and petite.  Given the quaint nature of this establishment, potential consumers may pass by the establishment without knowing its existence.  To those venturing to Levain Bakery, note that the bakery is in the basement area approximately 65 feet East of the Northeast corner of W 74th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. There's little that needs to be mentioned about the décor.  Levain's establishment is consistent with a grab-n-go operation.  Patrons frequent the establishment to view the offerings of Levain, make their purchases and return to their humbled abode to consume their delightful diet breakers.  If any remark that needs to be made is that the establishment offers seating of 4 stools in the front window of the storefront.  In addition, patrons can side outside on the 3-4 patron bench immediate outside the establishment.  Outside of those remarks, the establishment is of simplistic nature.  The open bakery is on display for patrons to view the setting for which their edibles are consumed. The Food: Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie:  The application contains a hearty serving of walnut chucks and semi-sweet chocolate chips that's engulfed by cookie dough.  At first consumption, patrons will discover an abundance of flavors ranging from sweet to decadence.  The primary taste observed from the cookie is the combination of butter and brown sugar.  The butter and brown sugar are then enhanced by the smooth and velvety flavors of the semi-sweet chocolate chucks.  The bold and bitter flavors of the chocolate work to further enhance the butter and brown sugar.  The walnuts work in conjunction with all other elements of the cookie by adding both a crunchy textural contrast as well as nuttiness to the taste.  All of the elements are combined using a proper balance of pastry and bread flour as the basis of the dough, thus giving the cookie a meaty / hefty texture.  Unlike most cookies which are made using all purpose flour, the proper balance of pastry and bread flour used in the application provides the substance for which Levain's application is able to embody all of the ingredients used in its creation.  The ultimate presentation of what Levain embodies is the ability to create a cookie, while providing a textural contrast that acts a merger between a brownie and a softer cookie variation.  Patrons consuming Levain's offerings will find that the semi-full body nature of the cookie's construction works harmoniously with all of the application's ingredients to create a well balanced and executed cookie. Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie:  The application is created using a combination of Dark Cocoa Chips, Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips, and French Imported Dark Chocolate Shavings.  At first bite, the compositional taste that's derived from the application is simply referred to as chocolate decadence.  The robust and bitter flavors of the dark chocolate are the most vivid in the application.  The flavors of the dark chocolate work to enhance the semi sweet chocolate chips by providing a contrasting chocolate flavor and enhancing the levels of sweetness of the chocolate.  As patrons continue to consume this varietal, the chocolate becomes even more vivid as the boldness of the high quality dark chocolate begins to enhance and consume the palate.  The luscious and velvety nature provides a bold and brash flavor that's mirrored by few edibles available today.  In some sense, the burdensome corpulent nature of the application is somewhat daunting, given the level of complexity and flavor variety in the application.  Nevertheless, for chocolate confectioneries, the application provides the overwhelming fix that's sought after and gives an education as to the flavors and textures of various levels of chocolate. Notes on Levain Bakery: 1) Split the cookie.  It's somewhat heavy to consume alone. 2) Price: $3.00, that's for ONE cookie! 3) Bring Milk or Water.  It'll help with taming the exquisite flavors of the cookie. 4) Drink Green or Black Tea afterwards, it'll help with the after taste.
I am not sure what all the hype is about these cookies.  They cost $4 a cookie and they are practically raw on the inside...lol and they don't taste any better than any home made cookie that I have had! My advice, save your four dollars and go somewhere else!
I used to live across the street and grab a cookie on Sunday morning when I'd take my dog for a long walk.  (totally balances out).  This place rocks.  Try it out when you're in the hood.
After reading here on Yelp about Levain's chocolate chip cookies ($3.25), I had just had to go in.  I bought the chocolate/chocolate one, and it is crazy.  Something between a brownie and a cookie, about 1/2" thick (or more!) in the center.  So rich and sweet, but not cloying.I am a texture freak and this cookie has a range, some creamy chocolate bits, moist cookie and even a granular sugar thing going on.  Fab-oo.  I ate the whole thing in one sitting and was only mildly regretful. You can do  a decadent contrast and compare of cookies by heading around the corner to Jacques Torres and picking up one of theirs ($2.50).  Best eaten slightly heated.  Thinner and more buttery cookie, large slabs of discernible chocolate, possibly made with brown sugar, at least it is has some caramelly aspect.   Also bought Levain's Sourdough Baguette which made a tasty roast chicken and tomato jam sandwich, and also great plain with Vermont Butter and some French Sea Salt.  So simple and clean and perfect.
best.cookie.period.
Oh no the word is out the lines have formed. What the what. I have to wait for this deliciousness now
SO overhyped.  The famous chocolate chip cookie was tasteless and under-salted.  I would urge people to try the recipe themselves at home, I've made it many times and it was MUCH better!
You will be speechless at first bite. You will be pissed when it's the last. Chocolate Chip Walnut... Best Cookie Ever
Sweet Moses, this place is RIDICULOUSLY GREAT! Best cookies ever, and I'm not doing justice to the goodies when I call them cookies. As others have said, they're more like small mountains (hills) of hot, gooey deliciousness. Huge, heavy, full of everything your arteries loathe -- but oh so freakin' good. Hot mama in sweat pants, oh so good! It's even great just to stand outside the door and inhale the whiffs of cookie-baking awesomeness when customers come in and out. You owe it to yourself to come here, and come ready to fill up!
6oz cookies. i got the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate with peanut butter chips. i liked the cc walnut a little better, but they were both amaze. the line was about 12 deep, but only took about 5 mins. definitely worth it. check this place out!
$4 for one cookie?! wth! That's what I thought before I saw them. bigass scone-wanna-be mofos. they get even bigger as you eat them, like....where did all this cookie come from? Fresh from the oven, soft and chewy and gooey, the way you imagine cookies are when you read about them in storybooks or watch fictional characters devour them on tv, but then you have a chips ahoy and you're like...oh. Tried the chocolate chip walnut and the oatmeal raisin. Ridiculous. and i don't even like oatmeal raisin cookies. worth the trip and price. it's a nice neighborhood anyway, so stop being lazy.
Bestie and I have wanted to go to Levain for what feels like centuries.  Every time she came to NYC for a small trip, we always put it on our list- but never could seem to get to it!  Why?  Because we never made our way to the Upper West Side.  But enough was enough.  Bestie planned on coming on a beautiful fall weekend and I needed to make the world's most perfect itinerary.  The one thing that I could not fathom to miss out on was LEVAIN.  I had promised Bestie that I would never eat it without her- and it has been hard to ignore baseball size cookies every time I was in the UWS neighborhood.  To make matters even worse, my brother seems to take weekly trips to Levain without even thinking of buying me a damn cookie.  (But that's because he buys all four and eats them in one sitting!) AnyHOOT, it was a cool Saturday early evening and Bestie and I walked our way all the way from midtown west to the UWS.  Finally, we arrived at the king of all cookie shops!  The bakery was small and charming- with a little bench placed right in front.  You really don't have many optoins (at least not from what I could see)- you can get COOKIES or COOKIES!!  (I am SO not complaining!)  Out of the four different types, we decided on splitting the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip and the Chocolate Chip Walnut.  Each were about a pound each and warmed our hands through the paper bags, filling our noses with a warm, delicious cookie scent.  (The bakery itself smelled orgasmic!) We sat down on the bench and split the first cookie- the Chocolate Chip Walnut.  Our jaws dropped when we split open the one pound crunchy cookie to find a cookie dough center with oozing chocolate chips.  We were shaking our heads in disbelief.  As the cookie slid into our mouths and down our throats, we looked at each other and understood that we finally found our soul mates.  We found that puzzle piece that made one another whole (besides each other of course!).  After we finished the first cookie, we were already feeling the cookie coma side effects- but there was no doubt that we were eating the second!  The dark chocolate peanut butter chip looked unebeviable- a rich dark chocolate color with melting globs of perfectly caramel colored peanut butter chips.  I must say that this cookie was the best cookie I have ever had!  It was so rich and decadent that we were literally choking on them- the dough slid down our throats like a child sliding down a slide.  It was probably the most fun I have ever had.  With one last chunk to go, I was certainly on the verge of vomitting (excuse me).  I then stuffed the last piece in my mouth- IT WAS THAT GOOD.   Levain is so good, it could bring peace to the Middle East.
So good that I make excuses to dine in the UWS just so I can stock up on cookies from Levain.  I never knew I had an inner cookie monster until I tried their chocolate chip walnut cookie.
Best damn cookies....PERIOD!  Yes, they're pretty pricey, but for a cookie the size of my face, its worth it!  And yes, I'm exaggerating, its not as big as my face, but it's a pretty big cookie!  I get the chocolate chocolate chip and I feel the worries of life fade with every bite!  My friends get the choc chip and oatmeal raisin and they rave as well!  My only gripe is the size of the store, but it's NYC, so, I guess it's to be expected!
Just wanted to add my five stars to the mix. So incredibly delicious.  I spent a perfect sunny Sunday strolling through Central Park and then walking to Levain.  Figured walking would help to counteract some of the calories these massive cookies pack.  If you're in the mood for a guilty pleasure (emphasis on pleasure) look no further. I had the chocolate chip walnut, my friend had the oatmeal raisin.  They were both delicious (though the choc. walnut is my favorite).  Eating them while they're still warm inside = perfection.   I can't wait to go back and try the other varieties.
best oatmeal cookie i. have. ever. had. best if fresh from bakery, if they're sitting around for a couple of days pop them in the microwave for 15 seconds. just as good.
Small small space. If you are with a group have only one person go in and place the order. I am a fan and have been to the location on Long Island. But walking to the park one day decided to stop here and grab a snack. These cookies are huge. (That's all I have ever bought at levain). The chocolate chip are a must have and always make my kids happy when I buy them. On this visit I bought myself an oatmeal raisin. I took it into the park with my coffee for a bit of people watching. I got more than half way through my cookie before I was full. (Like I said they are big and dense). Whenever I am craving a good cookie, this is the place that I wish I could go to everyday!
It's a pie....It's a muffin...No, it's a giant freakin cookie... Rarely have I found a reason to travel to the UWS. Until now. The chocolate chip walnut cookie is beyond amazing. The outside shell is baked crispy, while leaving the inside chewy consisting of a slightly undercooked cookie dough and molten chocolate mixture. Impossible to eat like a traditional cookie, one must peel away pieces or risk having it crumble apart onto the street below. Around closing time, there was still an eager stream of customers. Service was efficient and able to accomodate everyone before they closed for the day. __ Oct '12 Health Score - A
Yup, that cookie is good enough for me. I was introduced to this place after they crushed Bobby Flay in a Throwdown.  Bobby Flay gets crushed in every throwdown, but this episode in particular was intriguing, because Levain threw it down with a heart stopping, massive blob of a sweet treat that basically burst out of my HDTV and into my brain.  So, I knew I had to try it. Levain's located below street level, off the corner of 74th and Amsterdam, and if you're not keeping your eyes peeled for it (or more appropriately, you're not sniffing out cookie), you will miss it.  But don't miss it.  Upon my  first visit, I stepped down into this lair of cookie awesomeness and was greeted by 3 cookies- a dark chocolate chocolate chip (that's almost too much chocolate), an oatmeal raisin (a cookie which I value perhaps even more than the traditional chocolate chip), and the eyecatching, heart attack upon sight inducing chocolate chip with walnut.  The throwdown champion. The cookie, is without a doubt, a feat of human ingenuity. As large as the palm of your hand, thicker than both your hands put together, and formulated to inspire awe upon sight.  The texture is mindblowing- crispy on the outside, and gooey and melty like raw chocolate chip cookie dough on the inside.  I don't understand how this is possible, but I don't ask.  Those that can defy the laws of physics humble me. It is delicious- the walnuts, the dough...outstanding.  The semi-sweet chocolate chips are sweeter than their name implies.  So sweet that its nearly impossible to eat the massive cookie upon one sitting before you tap the mat and submit.  At least I couldn't do it...and I certainly have loads of "appetite determination." My only other advice to you is don't go an hour before closing.  Upon repeat visits, I've noted that an empty store does not equal the freshest most delicious cookie.  So go during the rush, wait on line an extra few minutes and experience the cookie at the height of its power.
HUGE, fresh, plump, delicious cookies. I've been here twice, and both times, I got fresh baked, WARM cookies, which were absolutely divine.  A bit rich, so make sure you have some milk handy.  And being that the bakery is located just a couple blocks from Central Park, there's nothing better than getting some warm, fresh-out-of-the-oven cookies to enjoy on a bench with an ice-cold glass of milk.
I guess i do like their cookies, but it's not worth the wait.  Also, ONE cookie is more than enough. It is just soooo sweet, almost cake like.  I recommend dark chocolate chip for those chocolate lovers (but very sweet) and oatmeal raisin. Stay AWAY from peanut butter one. I took one bite and just could NOT eat it. TOO TOO TOO sweet. I had milk too btw.
If there was 2.5 stars, thats what Levain bakery would get from me. The cookie was not as good as it was hype up to be, it was not bake in the center i understand how people like chewy cookies but this was not chewy this was just UNCOOKED, the flavour if you try not to think about the uncooked center was good, but way too sweet for my liking. if you like UNCOOKED cookies, this is your place :), but don't bother if it is out of your way or if there's a wait.
whoaaa. after finally making my way to the UWS I did not expect these cookies to be so heavy! the oatmeal raisin was crunchy on the outside and soft inside. it was so sweet, it hurt my teeth a little. next time I'll come back to try their banana bread
Best chocolate cookie ever. Love how they are served warm and gooey. The center isn't cooked all the way through so it's somewhat like eating cookie dough. And yes, they are ginormous.
Yep, best cookie in the world. My girlfriend took me here when we were uptown a few weeks ago. Only downfall is it's so far!! But maybe that's a good thing. Hope they come downtown soon!
I LOVE this place!!! Great bread! Great cookies! They even have BAKED DONUTS! I havent come across anything i dont like yet! They have the pre-bottled juices and smoothies and other beverages too which makes me feel a bit better about devouring one of their amazing treats :-) Staff is always very nice and friendly as well!
dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. do it.
Oh dear. There goes my diet. #worthit I can't tell you how many times I've been here. Nor do I wish to count. I've even been to the Hamptons location. Which was empty, when I went, by the way. Not exactly bikini ready food. Anyway, I digress. You don't really need me to convince you to go here, because you know that you do. I'll just tell you what to get! Choco Chip Walnut Cookie: a must. get 2. Oatmeal Raisin: yeah. so you can feel "healthy" Valrhona Chocolate rolls: if they have 'em, snag 'em (but get one for me cause I can never get 'em in time!) *I need to get my act together earlier so I don't miss out on the sticky bun or brioche. This is on my to-do list. The peanut butter and the chocolate chocolate chip are two cookies that I have not really personally ventured into because I fear I would never emerge from the sugar coma that would ensue. Oh, and smile and wave to the camera inside b/c you're on Levain Cam!
They should invent a word to call their cookies, because the cookies they made just blew my mind away when I thought cookies cannot get any better. A must visit when you are near the area.
OK, see if you can notice a pattern in this review. Ready? Go! Jazmin G. from New York, NY says, "I could do without the walnuts..." Matthew H. from New York, NY says, "...why waste space with walnuts that could be put to better use being filled with chocolate???" Then, he adds, "i wish they would make a chocolate chip w/out the nuts in it..." Kimberly S. from San Mateo, CA describes how her boyfriend is "not a fan of nuts" and therefore she ordered an oatmeal raisin cookie to accompany her peanut butter cookie. Jessica L. from Austin, TX emphatically states, "I wish they'd make a Choc. Chip cookie WITHOUT nuts, though..." Kira S. from New York, NY explains, "My only complaint is that they should make a cookie without nuts. I'm a purist. (and mildly allergic to walnuts, but that's beside the point). Nuts don't belong in cookies!" Eric F. from San Leandro, CA offers, "I'm not the biggest fan of walnuts either, so that didn't help the cookie's case I'm sure XD" Matthew L. from Elmherst, NY submits, "I would prefer it without nuts, but that's just me." Matt L. from Brooklyn, NY says, "I'm not a fan of nuts in cookies so I'll definitely have to go back and try their oatmeal raisin." Jeremy E. from Brooklyn, NY thoughtfully explains, "Also, about the walnuts, it's mostly a personal preference, I really don't mind them, but quite a few people said they would prefer it without them. C'mon guys, let's also think about people with nut allergies." (Yes, that's right folks, nuts are bad news. They kill people like evil villains in movies.) Joseph A. from Los Angeles, CA is not being generous when he says, "Minus one star for walnuts." Ouch! Denied, Levain Bakery! Mikaelea L. from Westchester, NY says, "...a chocolate chip cookie without nuts would be great though..." Hmmmmm........ Anthony L. from New York, NY--the author of this review--states, "Stop the insanity! You're nuts to put nuts in your regular chocolate chip cookie!" I was drunk on excitement to try these giant $4 cookies, but discovering that the regular chocolate chip cookie comes only with walnuts--and if you don't like nuts or are allergic to them you're shit out of luck--was a major...say it with me: BUZZKILL! Please, listen to the people, Levain Bakery. Admittedly, I selected only comments from those reviews criticizing the use of walnuts--many people here said they love the nuts (perhaps those were squirrels reviewing?)--but I truly believe, from the bottom of heart, that if Levain Bakery were to add a fifth cookie to its lineup--a normal chocolate chip cookie without nuts--they would see their popularity sky rocket, and so would their profits. Levain, please, allow me to be nuts about your bakery! Stop the madness! Give me a nut-free chocolate chip cookie option! And, p.s., the chocolate chocolate chip cookie (sans nuts) does not count. It is too rich! And, p.p.s., why the heck do you not sell milk in your store? I'm sure the bodega next door loves that you don't sell milk as its milk sales must be through the roof, but you are (to beat a dead horse...sorry PETA!) nuts to not sell milk at your bakery that sells warm, gooey, giant cookies! I'm out of breath...I need to stop ranting. Woooooo....I just hope that change comes soon. I hope...
Dark. Chocolate. Peanut. Butter. Cookie. Best. Cookie. I've. Ever. Had.   So. Good. I. Can. Only. Write. One. Word. Per. Sentence.
It's a bit pointless adding a review for Levain. You know the score-insanely good cookies, the size of a small puppy. The place is tiny but I managed to nab a seat. I bought both a chocolate walnut and a chocolate peanut butter chip because I "needed" to test both. The chocolate walnut was nice but a bit too doughy for my tastes. I was tasting it after a full lunch though so I probably would have liked it more if I was hungry. The chocolate peanut butter chip was delicious though. That was really difficult to stop eating and didn't have the same doughiness. Yum! Coffee was decent and I nibbled away happily and cosily. What I really liked as well was the care I got afterwards. I had been to Columbia Presbyterian dealing with one of the offices there and we'd had a discussion about how good the cookies were. I wanted to buy them a gift. Cookies for delivery are really expensive and the website only lists gift vouchers from $50. I emailed to ask if I could get one for $30 (it's an office of skinny girls-doubt they'd eat $50 worth). The response was rapid and friendly and they were more than happy to organise the gift voucher, complete with gift note and do it all by email-which was very much appreciated considering I was trying to sort it from Toronto. The girls were delighted with their gift and I will definitely be visiting again when I'm back on the UWS!
Insanely good cookies, as delicious as I hoped htey would be. Tried chocolate chip walnut, and the dark chocolate peanut butter, both amazing. They look more like scones than cookies, and are about that size. Dont know how they get them so crispy on the outside but gooey/soft inside. My only complaint is that they dont make plain chocolate chip without nuts, unless they were just out of them when i visited.
the biggest and best cookies! you've got to try them to believe. :-). they have a line out the door sometimes!
I would give this place 3.5 stars.. First off, it's tiny and underground with not great ventilation but the thick chocolatey air makes up for it. The aroma just draws you in. I expected a greater variety of cookies but there were three kinds, a sticky toffee bun that I almost got tempted by, a plain roll and some sweet pizzas. It made it easier to just try the humongous chocolate walnut cookie which was really really yummy.. They look dry and scone-like but are actually really soft and the chocolate melts all over when you try to break a little piece off. The texture is amazing..It's a pretty decent huge cookie.
Best cookie in the universe. ***** If you love warm delicious baked right there and then cookies, that melt in your mouth, that gives you a mouth orgasm, then come here. It's the best cookie you'll ever have. Period.
Just a few blocks out of my official neighborhood. Thank Heavens! If I lived closer I would be there as soon as I finished every supply of these cookies. They are too good to share, I always share everything. I know of no better chocolate cookie than these on any continent. I think I can also presume that outer space has nothing comparable. I only go once every few months, to keep my weight in check! They use only the best ingredients. Always a line out the door, so bring a book! Just Kidding!
this place inspired us to start a list of places in nyc that we love.
The cookies here are super sweet, gigantic, and delicious. I've tried the double choclate and the chocolate chip walnut cookie and both were awesome. I like my cookies a little on the chewy side and their cookies are spot on. The cookies are $4 each  but well worth it. One cookie can be split among two people. The cookies are well worth the trip.
THIS IS LITTERLY THE BEST COOKIE IN NEW YORK!! I mean wow, I don't care what people say about grandma's secret recipe or the little bakery in Whocaresville, USA having the best cookies. Levain is the real deal. The first couple of times that I've been to Levain I got the Chocolate-Chip walnut, which was really good, but to be honest i'm not a big fan of walnuts. But today I got the dark chocolate chocolate chip, and Jesus Christ I don't think that life will ever be the same for me.It was soooo moist and chocolate-y , I think I died and went to chocolate heaven! I'm singing For Good from Wicked. Because I knew you,I have been changed...For good! If you haven't gone to levain yet RUN THERE RIGHT NOW! Trust me, unless you hate all things good in this world, try Levain.
Thank god this place exists.   The cookie here cures any pain, temporarily, but immediately. I plan to come back... When I break up with a dude. When I get yelled at from a client. When I argue with my mom. When I get rejected from anything. When I feel sad. When I feel like hitting someone. On a sunny day.  On a rainy day.
You know the tumblr site thisiswhyyou'refat? Well these cookies definitely deserve a spot on there. They're huge, incredibly decadent, and so packed with chocolate-chip goodness that you will be mortified when you down the whole thing as you walk out of the place. At $4 per cookie, it's not great to make a habit out of buying these. So sweet tooth junkies beware, this place is addicting!
I stopped in by a friends recommendation and picked up an oatmeal raisin and double dark chocolate cookies for my family to share. I'll be honest the cramped ordering counter turned me off a bit and when I looked at the cookies I thought the were going to be hard and crunchy (something I do not prefer in a cookie). Plus the cookie is a size of a fist so I doubted something that big would be able to cook well were it wouldn't have an eggy flavor.   I was so WRONG! I 100% admit it. The thin outer layer provides a perfect crunch for the soft gooey center. Its perfect consistency. Its soft but doesn't run all over when you bite in like an under done cookie. The flavors were balanced were it wasn't too over powering on the dark chocolate or too bland on the oatmeal raisin. I fully understand how this tiny bakery has such a huge reputation. ITS DELICIOUS! I cannot wait to return and try some of their other baked goods! They are a little pricey for a cookie, but lets be honest its worth it. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is I am claustrophobic and the size of the store and the amount of people inside to order kinda freaked me out, but I would brave it all again for another cookie.
I have to say a pretty great cookie. They make the idea of buying store- bought- packaged cookies non-existent. They don't have a lot of options but why fix something if its not broken.
Buttery heaven.  Also, friendly and efficient service, and quick line.
Dessert/Pastries baked fresh all day. Place an order in advance if you want a batch of cookies. The cookies weigh a TON and are absolutely delicious. They are also incredibly rich, so either have lots of water or a glass of milk handy. Great to gift - I would take these babies back to Philly and share.
I think people get overexcited about cookies because they don't know how to bake....cookies are so simple to make. Yes, these cookies are delicious, but not good enough to go out of your way for. Also, room temp, they are nothing special. Pretty much anything warm from the oven and filled with gooey chocolate will win over your tastebuds.....you can easily make this at home!
I LOVE to bake! And I also love tasting other bakers' wonderful creations. When my mentor learned this, he recommended this small, hidden, bakery on the Upper West Side. It is a hole in the wall, but most off-the-chain spots are. I dare not exaggerate when I say that I had THE BEST CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE OF MY ENTIRE LIFE! It was celestial. I have had tons of cc cookies in my life, from all over the country and I am as serious as a heart attack. THE BEST! I think I need to travel to Europe in order to find anything remotely similar!
levain's is by far my favorite cookie place! the chocolate chip walnut is like crack, one cannot imagine life being any better than that moment you start devouring that piece of heaven.  the cookie is the size of a softball, but don't worry this isn't some sort of gimmick.  it's obscene size is actually ingenious cookie engineering that allows the outside to have a satisfying crunch and the inside to be ooh so deliciously gooey.  word of warning: you may be tempted to split this monster of a cookie with a friend, but resist the urge and embrace the overindulgent selfish kid inside that will hoard every crumb until it is gone. trust me you will be a happier person for it.
I struggled with deciding whether I should give Levain Bakery 3 stars or 4 stars. The quality of the cookies at Levain is great. I got a peanut butter chocolate chunk cookie and it smelled warm and rich, had a slightly crispy exterior and a soft, chewy interior, and tasted amazing! You know that smell of melting chocolate? Oh yeah, that's it. You might be asking why I would hesitate to give this place 4 stars, I'll tell you why: I consider portion sizes when thinking about how much I enjoyed eating somewhere. The cookies here are HUGE. They are not only WIDE, but they are heavy. I think eating about a fourth of a cookie that I got would have been enough to fill me up and meet my dessert quota for the day. Unless you go with some eager friends or have really excellent self-control, you will eat the whole cookie (I did) and then taste sugar for the next 24 hours.
The best chocolate chip cookie I've ever put in my mouth.  It's like Santa Claus, the Easter bunny and Mickey Mouse got together and said "dudes, lets make the tastiest cookie ever."   AMAZING
OB. SESSED. These are absolutely the best cookies I've ever eaten in my life--and I've eaten a lot of cookies. Thursday was the first time I had ever gone to buy them myself, and let me tell you, the bakery smells like heavenly goodness. I didn't want to leave. The employees were astonishingly friendly and helpful (they told me never to store cookies in the fridge!), and they gave me HOT cookies right off the baking sheet! It was absolute torture to wait to eat them. Each cookie is huge, and I easily cut each one into six good sized pieces so my group could have a taste of each. I honestly cannot wait to return. Levain is my hero!!!
The chocolate chocolate chip cookie is like heaven in my mouth.  So rich and moist!  It was almost like a brownie and cookie in one. A little pricey at $4 a cookie but worthit.  I didn't see that much other than the cookies here, but that's all they need. A cold glass of milk would have been ideal to wash the cookie down.  I want to try all the favors now!
There are a few things in life worth 5 stars... Levain Bakery cookies are one of them.  Sweet soft chewy rich and absolutely delish.  Store is located on the corner of 74th and Amsterdam in the upper west side. It a bit awkward to get in and out especially if you tall (watch you head). As you enter the store your greeted by and warm sweet smell of freshly backed cookies just like grandma use to make.  They have 4 ginormous (size of your fist) varieties for 4 bucks a pop: Chocolate Chip Walnut Oatmeal Raisin Dark Chocolate Chip Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip The hardest part about coming to this bakery is deciding which one to get.  Decisions decision decisions... I tried them all.... and they are all so divine.  Crispy on the outside and warm and gooey on the inside.  Literally melts in you mouth.   They also sell scones and other baked goods.  I hear they are good but the cookies steal the show. Leave you change at home...  they take credit cards and have no minimum,,,
Moist. Chunky. Chewy. Just the right amount of crispiness on the outside. Had dark chocolate peanut butter. I sat on the bench and ate it with milk like I was 5 again. Heaven. Taking a star away for expensiveness: $4/1 cookie :(
Now, admittedly, I have never eaten anything from here but the cookies, but DEAR GOD THEY ARE AMAZING.  Like tiny mountains of goodness, these cookies are so rich and fantastic that you probably won't have to eat for a few days after scarfing one down (if you can even finish it).  Be warned however, these cookies are not for amateurs or neophytes to the world of New York cookies.  I'd warm up with Bouchon or Petrossian before tackling them, but if you can hack it, they might just change your life.
You haven't had a REAL cookie until you've eaten a cookie from this place. Everything else is CHIPS AHOY compared to cookies baked at Levain. I had the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie and it blew my mind. How could a cookie be filled with melt-in-your mouth DARK CHOCOLATE morsels and be deliciously soft, chewy and crisp at the same time? Levain knows the answer. I highly recommend everyone to experience Levain at least once in their lives.
The walnut chocolate chip cookies are stupendous!
WOW.  I will never forget my first bite of the chocolate chip walnut.  It was still warm and the chocolate chips were gooey.  The cookie was slightly crispy, but still soft.  Amazing!  I live out of town and bought extra cookies to take home.  Two days later, they still taste out of this world!
amazingness in your mouth!
The cookies are huge!! It's very satisfying and delicious. You have to order milk with it or else you can't talk lol
Delicious cookies with crumbly texture!! But each one was $4 and I personally find that ridiculous.. My favorite was the oatmeal raisin which was less sweet and didn't make me feel like I would get diabetes.
I've never had a better cookie. ever. After running around central park last fall I knew it was time to try the highly regarded Levain Bakery. After one bite of the chocolate chip walnut I bought a whole box of them (not so cheap...) for all my friends because EVERYONE needs to try these cookies. These cookies are different from JT cookies in that they are twice as large and because of their size, are slightly raw in the middle. There is also a lot more butter in these cookies than most I've had. Just a note: There is no seating inside this bakery which was slightly disappointing. I would have loved to sit down with a cup of coffee, the newspaper and a cookie and relax. Instead I went to Starbucks (how embarrassing) My only regret is not trying the chocolate peanut butter cookie. That's for next time.
If you're ever uptown in NYC, this is a place you don't want to miss. The storefront is actually really small and you might just walk by. Though the cookies aren't cheap(4 dollars each) they are well worth the wait you might need to go through to get them. I had the chocolate Chip walnut while my girlfriend had the dark chocolate peanut butter. They were both fantastic, though I think the chocolate chip walnut was better. When I came, the place was packed, with a 20 person line going out the door. The cookies are less cookies and more mounds of dough that have been baked into cookie form. Indeed, my chocolate chip cookie had come straight out of the oven and the center wasn't even fully baked. Eating one of these almost feels like eating a meal. My only qualm with this place is that it's a huge mess to eat one of these and that the cookie becomes less and less of a cookie as you get closer and closer to the center. Nevertheless, this is one of those places you should definitely hit up if you're ever near Central Park.
Hands down the best cookies I have ever had!! They are exactly what cookies should be: crispy on the outside, soft and melty on the inside. They were soft, gooey pieces of heaven. They were also huge!! They are big enough to share and still feel completely full and satisfied. I tried both the chocolate chip walnut and the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies and both were delicious. The dark chocolate chip cookie is closer to a brownie because of how dense and chocolatey they are- a chocolate lovers dream! You can see in the pictures how gooey they are on the inside. You HAVE to try them!!
COOOOOKIE MONSTER. interpret as you will.
Winner on the 4th season of Throwdown with Bobby Flay for their chocolate chip and walnut cookies -- yeah, you're not going to make a better cookie than this!  For $3.75, you get an amazing 6 oz. cookie which is just delicious.  The chocolate is rich and moist and the cookie is chewy.  There is a nice contrast in texture with the crunchy exterior and the pliant interior.  Because the cookie is so unnaturally large and dense, this contrast comes off particularly well due to the tweaked surface area to volume ratio.  Geeks rejoice, a mathematically perfect cookie has arrived!
My brother has been raving about these cookies for a long time but I'm not really into sweets so I never gave it a second thought.  He managed to drag me there one day all the way from CT and we each had a chocolate chip walnut cookie. He looked a little disappointed when I told him our cookies weren't warm but when we broke them open, the chocolate was warm and gooey. Of course I needed a glass of milk to wash it all down but they only offered skim or whole.  The kind girls offered me a glass of half skim and half whole and it was perfect. I'll definitely be back but next time I'll bring half of the cookie home to enjoy later when I'm dreaming about it again.
Did I just spend $4 on a cookie? Yes! But it was a GIGANTIC chocolate chip walnut cookie that probably combines 4 cookies into one. Proceed down W 74th St. towards the Hudson River Greenway for a scenic view as you bite into your gooey, chocolatey cookie.
The best cookies ever in the history of the world!  This is the perfect place to frequent, the perfect place to share with out-of-towners, and the perfect meal. . .or treat, if you're gracious enough to share.
10 words. bigger than shaq. yet moist. 4 dollars a cookie. DIESEL
Personal Experience (PE): I LOVE BAKING and eating desserts. I enjoy balanced recipes and follow blogs and books from America's Test Kitchen to Christina Tosi. I usually like my cookies to have a bit of a chew and not tremendously sweet. Levain was perfect. I got the famous chocolate walnut and the peanut butter dark chocolate. Both were divine. At $4/each, they were well worth every penny. Both had great texture and chew, with a well-balanced sweet/salty/nutty flavor. Amazing! They are large cookies, about the width of a tennis ball and lasted for two coffee-sittings.
Snuck in just before closing. I'd say that my wife and I eat these cookies once a month. They are gigantic and spectacular. Original chocolate chip with walnut and chocolate peanut butter are our favorites. They are all good, though. Get some milk to drink with them when they are melty and gooey. Go sit in the park and love life. Also great as leftovers!
The cookies here look like scones!  The wait outside is half a block deep at all times!  I tried all 4 cookies today - chocolate, chocolate peanut butter, oatmeal raisin, and the chocolate chip walnut... oh and the artichoke pizza.  ( stop judging me! ) Why can't they make scones this way??  Crunchy and crispy on the outside, soft and almost batter like on the inside... yummmmmy.... My favorite was definitely the Oatmeal Raisin. It's definitely a treat though - not something you'd want to eat everyday, for your wallet and your waist's sake. Artichoke Pizza was good too, but it's definitely personal sized and you better eat it right away or else it gets kind of hard and chewy.
I went to Le Vain for the first time on Saturday... it is now Tuesday and I can still taste the cookies. I NEED MORE. I've only tried the choc chip walnut and oatmeal raisin. Both very good but that oatmeal raisin is a necessity. Even if you don't like oatmeal raisin, you will like this one. Crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside: my kinda cookie.
The Dark Chocolate chip cookie.....amaze. ing. Words cannot express. I don't even want to know how many calories that is.
** ASK FOR SOME MILK AND EAT THE COOKIES WITH IT ** It will make your experience 1000 times better... or maybe it's just me.  Bomb cookie place.  Only a few choices to pick from which is great.  Cookies are massive.  I shared the Walnut Chocolate Chip and the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter.  One of my friends said it perfectly, that the dark chocolate peanut butter tasted better but the walnut chocolate chip was more enjoyable because you can eat the whole thing without the sweetness overpowering your mouth.  But yeah great spot and I love how quick the line moves.   Oh yeah don't bother with the brioche bread.. it wasn't that good.
Cookies here are absurd. The chocolate chip walnut cookie is a combination of a blondie and cookie in one, double chocolate was a brownie cookie... you could easily split Levain's cookies between two or three people so $4/cookie is a bargain. My boyfriend killed an oatmeal raisin cookie before lunch yesterday and a chocolate chip walnut cookie again today (before lunch!). Needless to say, Levain is like crack and you should all try it and get hooked on them too. The best part is that when you buy them, they're warm and super gooey on the inside and when you bring them home, you can microwave them and they will still be super gooey on the inside unlike most places, which become hard/crunchy/inedible the next day. NOMMMMM.
My boyfriend used to work here and that's how I heard about it. The cookies are to die for!! I miss when he brought them home. But one cookie felt like a meal! sheesh. I was full for hours. Worth the price tho!
The most amazing giant cookies ever! I live in CA and think about having them shipped to me a couple times a week.
Had the Dark Chocolate Double Chocolate Chip cookie today. Cookie was outstanding, the Illy coffee very good. This was the first of what will be many visits. The cookie and coffee are worthy of 5 stars by themselves. The service however rates at least a couple of extra stars. I was treated as though I was a long lost favorite uncle. I ate my cookie and had my coffee at the perimeter counter, and watched as a very steady stream of customers came in. Everyone of them was treated the same wonderful way I was. You have to try this place unless you hate chocolate or sweets.
We ordered their famous Chocolate-Walnut cookies. They were warm and melts-in- mouth good! This joint seems to be very famous with the locals. We saw a pretty big line waiting to buy their treats almost every evening. It's a very small place (there is no place to sit and eat your treat).
Probably the heftiest, moistest, best cookie I've had for its size.  The chocolate chip walnut, though seemingly predictable, was my favorite.   Cookies are priced at an unheard-of $4 each! Well, cookies-slash-paperweights.  This multi-tasker is a fan.
I knew fate would bring Levain and me together sometime. I had read all the reviews and found myself eagerly anticipating the day when I would be reunited with chocolate chip cookie destiny. I chose the dark chocolate chip cookie. (Or did it pick me?) Within minutes I found my heart racing as I went down Amsterdam, the world dizzy around me. Mind you, this is not an ordinary chocolate chip cookie. It is cannot even be called a cookie. It is a mountainous dome of chocolate chunks, with chocolate lava oozing from every cookie pore. It was so soft that the chocolate streamed down my fingers, down the corners of my mouth. It was sweet, sticky, warm and rich...Life was getting better with each bite and I mourned my empty childhood of stale, chalky cookies. By the time I was done, a little kid who passed me by pointed at me and yelled , "Mommy, look! Cookie monster!!!" Half the street must stopped to look at me. Yes indeed, cookie monster. But guess what? Cookie monster is coming back to Levain for dinner tonight. P.S. For the chocolate explosion I described, make sure you get the cookies from the tray! I'm gonna make you a cookie monsta too...
Ever think to yourself, "I wish I had a half a pound of delicious cookie in me instead of half a pound of that supermarket garbage." (who doesn't?) You're in luck. Levain Bakery has some of the richest, softest, most dense, gargantuan cookies you'll ever come across. I've had their chocolate chocolate chip, their chocolate chip walnut, and their peanut butter, and lemme tell you, no matter how delicious, you've got to share. Share or that smile will turn into a sugar induced grimace.
Hands down the most amazing cookies! Best in NYC easily. I am a cookie officianado and you must come here if your from out of town.
11 check ins and counting--and I dont even go here for the reason many people do! Instead of the cookies (which are mouth-watering) I keep coming back to levain for the consistent good service--and the bomboloncini, sour cream coffee cake, brioche and scones. Once in a while I like to buy boules, but I dont use it up quickly enough so it ends up getting stale =\ (but now the sound of endless french toast sounds so good) I've recently stepped out of my comfort zone and tried the pizza and I'd like to believe it was an off day for pizzas. The crust was wayyyy too crispy, but it didn't stop me from munching on that tough baby! Has anyone else tried the pizzas? Are they usually tough? 4.5 Levain--give me yummy pizzas!
came back to share both the chocolate chip walnut & OATMEAL RAISIN COOKIE w/ Michael D. and i'm probably dropping my Levain rating to a 3.5 stars rounded up the outside is enjoyably crusty & cookies are always freshly out of the oven! but again, that doughy inside just isn't swaying me in Levain's favor don't get me wrong the cookies are GOOD just not the best cookies i've ever had & i hate how they make you feel SICK afterwards because they are just too big!!
Best chocolate chip cookie I have ever had. For those of you thinking "I am not trekking to the UWS for a cookie," think again. It's worth the trip!! Yes, it's $4 for a cookie but it's worth every penny. Eat it while it's hot. It's gushy and will melt in your mouth.
the oatmeal and raisin cookie was soo good that i forgot that i just paid $4 for it. the cookie is definitely a lot more filling than what you expect from the pictures, but that just makes this place that much more awesome. anyone who gives this place less than 4 stars probably doesn't have a sweet tooth and should just get over themselves.
This is my new MUST GO place in NYC.  They have an amazing cookie.  I love the City-Bakery Cookie but these are just too yummy.  Yes they are $4 but it's definitely worth the treat.  I wish the chocolate chip came without walnuts, but it's still amazing.  My favorite is the dark chocolate with peanut butter.  If you're visiting it's an excellent stop if you are planning a trip to the Natural History Museum.
Oh. my. god. This place has forever changed how I look at cookies. I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was thick, gooey, doughy, chocolately, and overall the best cookie I've ever looked at and the best cookie I will probably ever eat. Guys, forget the momofuku compost cookies that all the tourists rave about - come to Levain Bakery. So much more delicious and SO worth the wait for a bite of this heaven. I live in California and I still think about this cookie to this day.
Best Cookie I have had in my life. WARNING - It's like a brick - i get an arm/shoulder workout carrying a bag of these home. TIP - Totally worth the wait for a fresh batch right out of the oven. If not, totally worth the patience to go home and microwave it for a good 20+ sec Choices - Oatmeal Raisin, Dark Chocolate Chip, Dark Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter, Chocolate Chip Walnut (personal favorite) Advice - Go.
Skip the cookies, try the bread - the baguette if one of the best outside Paris. BTW - it's not a restaurant. It's a bakery with 2 stools.
The staff, especially the gentleman who greeted us inside by the bottom of the steps on 6.28.2012 was so sweet & friendly and made us feel very welcomed here:-)  Now, this right here, is what a cookie should be. . . Wow, these were seriously the THICKEST cookies I've ever had in my life!  They easily put any flat shaped cookies out there to shame.   I ordered the Chocolate Chip Walnut and it was very soft and moist on the inside -- each single bite was heavenly.  To me, the $4 per cookie cost was reasonable, considering the size of it.  As another reviewer explained, it really makes much more sense to spend $4 on this, rather than paying $2-3 for a cookie much smaller that you could easily consume in one serving, from somewhere else.   These are so huge that it's better if you eat it little by little, instead of the whole cookie at once - I was able to eat it in three servings and when I popped it in the microwave the next day to eat the rest for breakfast, it was still so unbelievably good!  I'm already starting to miss Levain and their scrumptious cookies, but I'm glad I was able to stop by and along with many others that have dropped by Levain Bakery, I would highly recommend this place to anyone visiting NY!
Levain bakery truly has amazing cookies.  Do not plan on eating one alone, as you'll regret it the rest of the day.  Very tiny spot, they have cookies, scones, and they also serve coffee.  There are a couple bar stools and a bench outside, but this is a spot for taking food to go.
A box of Levain cookies is my go-to gift lately when I need something New York-y to bring back to friends or fam that live elsewhere. The cookies are pricey but they probably shouldn't been eaten all at once. Well, unless you're being efficient and want to consume all of your calories for the day in one sitting.  Big enough to share or eat half and save the rest the next day.... they keep well.. I've had a box last a few days and they are just as good after sitting out for a bit. I recently moved from the UWS and this is what I miss the most about the neighborhood. Yep, more than Central Park, Columbus Circle, Trader Joe's..well, actually living by TJ's is pretty convenient. But yea, if I had to choose for my new area..I'd want a Levain to open up shop first.
I haven't set foot inside Levain, but a friend recently introduced me to their offerings. I can't even really call them cookies, because they're not. When I think of cookies, I think of my mom making Toll House from scratch and burning the the bottoms of them. Levain's are no such pieces of cardboard.  These are edible mountains. They're a meal all by themselves. Eating these cookies reminds me to thank my lucky stars that I'm not a victim of diabetes, but hints that I could potentially become a candidate. My favorite monstrosity is the chocolate chip peanut butter variety, but of the four that I had they were each exceptional. I'm not sure how much they cost, but I'd imagine they were a pretty penny. Five stars for delicious confectionery creations, and five stars for the people that bring them to me.
I am more of a cake person rather than cookies but I must say this is the best cookie I have EVER tasted.  I had the dark chocolate chip and was not disappointed!
BEST COOKIES EVER! Their cookies are a little crunchy on the outside and super gooey on the inside. If you are in the New York area then visiting this place is a must. The bakery is really small so I usually just get my cookies to go. Everything I've tried there is absolutely delicious. Their cookies are a little expensive but they are definitely worth every penny. Levain Bakery has been on several different food network shows which was the reason I went there the first time. I was not disappointed and you won't be either.
Definitely one of the best bakeries on the Upper Westside. There Blueberry Muffin, Oatmeal Raisin scone are delicious especially when they come out of the oven at about 8 AM. The chocolate cookies are light and delicate, yet delicious. I sent a friend of mine to Levain Bakery who worked in the restaurant business and he couldn't stop raving about this place. Recently I recommended this place to someone visiting from Ohio, and they couldn't thank me enough about this new discovery.
Read the first twenty posted reviews. Each and every one DRAMATICALLY UNDERESELLS how amazing these cookies are. We had a few leftovers after enjoying our batch and put the remainder in our hotel safe. They're that good. Listen, these cookies are so incredible it's shocking there isn't a Levian religious cult. In fact, I'm forming one now. Current membership: 4 and growing.
Underneath a wax studio lies a gem called Levain Bakery. It should be called heaven, because it is a religious experience like no other. When you walk down the steps of the little shop, the smell of homemade chocolate chip cookies and fresh bread knocks you in the face. I see cookies the size of baseballs in the case and I asked for the freshest one. The nice lady working said they are all fresh as they are made throughout the day. (I've been burned with stale cookies and wanted to make sure if I paid $4 for a cookie, it was fresh!) Tried their chocolate chip and walnut cookie with a cappuccino on a blustery nyc day. As much as I don't like the word foodgasm, there is no other word to describe this thing. It was warm, lightly crispy on the outside with a gooey inside of huge chocolate chips and small pieces of walnuts nestled in the most heavenly dough. Dear God it was freaking amazing. Out of nowhere, a line starts to form like a Filene's basement sale. I should also mention they sell brioches that looked divine, along with baguette, small pizza and loaves. Later in the day, we came back for another. Yep- it was that good. If you don't give them 5 stars, you've clearly never experienced levain. Heavenly. Decadence. Memorable. Just go.
A second visit required the purchase of Levain's double chocolate chip cookie, which proved itself to be flatter but no less doughier than its predeccesor. Perhaps it was due to the excruciating heat outside, or the cookie's inherent nature, but the chocolate chips were bittersweet and deliciously gooey, while the base itself practically fell apart in my hands-yum. A word of caution: despite the fact that I ate this in a series of eensy weensy bites, it is quite overwhelming in the stomach and might cause bouts of nausea if consumed in one sitting. Then again, perhaps it's worth it.
Hands on, best around... Better than Insomnia. Expect a big cookie. Even had to make a trip to UWS after our trip to the Levain in the Hamptons!
Their cookies are way too good for my own good.  I was lucky to be showed this gem from my friend, since I am from out of town.  I almost wanted to take some back to California with me.  Their cookies are more like scones.  For four dollars a pop, you get the best of both worlds inside a cookie.  You get the 'crispy' part on the outside, which some people love all the way thru, and on the inside you get the gooey almost undercooked goodness, which other people love all the way thru.  As for me, I'm definitely an all around cookie guy, so having those two textures in the same bite definitely made this place unique in that I haven't had a cookie like this anywhere else.  Besides that, the cookies are like the size of your fist.  Great for sharing.  On a good day you can even stroll through central park. PROTIP:  They sell whole milk.  This is the only place i'll ever drink it because it just goes so well with the cookies.  Awesome.
Wow. Seriously, these cookies are ridiculous. They're gigantic and crispy around the edges but moist and chewy and gooey on the inside. My friend, my son and I split the chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate chocolate chip and both were a-maz-ing. But the 3 of us couldn't even finish the 2 cookies because they are so rich and delicious (yes, I'm hanging my head in shame). These cookies are definitely worth the trip to the UWS!
These cookies.... oh man, UNFORGETTABLE. I still have dreams about these humungous, gooey, melt-in-your-mouth cookies. I got all four flavors and probably ate a week's worth of calories in about 5 minutes. Can someone who lives in NY please send me a box? My birthday is coming up... But seriously, these cookies are so delicious that they will make you hallucinate happy thoughts. If you have the patience that I most certainly lack, you should buy a cookie (or multiple cookies), grab a few napkins and some sort of beverage, walk to Central Park, and enjoy from the comfort of a shaded bench or something. If you're more like me, then you'll immediately dig in, getting chocolate all over your fingers and, being unable to wipe your hands on your summery all-white attire, you walk like some kind of chocolate-covered zombie with your choco-hands hanging awkwardly apart from the rest of your body and a crazed, sugar-induced look of love in your eyes until you find a place to wash your hands and snap back into reality. Sigh. I miss this place.
The best chocolate chip cookie I ever had. It even stays fresh for a few days...my friend told me it's all the butter. Whatever it is, it's super good!
The boy and I stopped by around 10 on a weekday to get a peanut butter and chocolate chip cookie.  It was a delight - super thick with wonderful chocolate and peanut flavor throughout.  I'm still not sure I understand how they managed to get such a thick cookie baked perfectly throughout - it had a wonderful chewiness with a slight crisp on the outside. Just perfect.
My boyfriend and I hired a car and drove around to several NY and NJ bakeries to pick up their signature desserts featured on different Food Network shows. The dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie at Levain was by far our favorite! The cinnamon buns were tops too. Thanks Rocco DiSpirito for getting us Californians hip to this wonderful place!
My favs are the classic chocolate chip with walnut cookie, the banana chocolate bread, and the oatmeal raisin cookie. Don't overlook this small hole in the wall establishment. The place is small but the cookies are generously portioned and always fresh. Every cookie is firm on the outside yet gooey and soft on the inside. Perfect!
I come to New York just to eat these cookies. I have read so many reviews regarding this bakery and they do have hands down the best chocolate chip walnut cookie I have ever had. It is interesting because they do not have a large selection of baked goods, but they all rise to the top of taste. The chocolate chip walnut cookie looks as if it is baked in the shape of a scone and each time you bite into the cookie, you will always grab chocolate chips.  It is such a large cookie and is a bit pricey (4.00for each) but i would spend 40.00 easily just so I can bring them back home and share them with family and friends. It is honestly one of those cookies you secretly do not want to share with anyone else. It is also great because it is not overwhelming with richness and is pretty doable eating without milk.  Also if you take them home and microwave them for 10 seconds, you can still get that incredible taste you get when they first come out of the oven.   Now i just want more.
Yes these are delicious cookies.  Best enjoyed warm.
Best cookie I've ever had. People think the prices are a bit steep for just a cookie, but mind you, this cookie is huge. It's heavy and dense and delicious. The outside has a bit of crunch but the inside is smooth and warm and creamy and it is worth every bit of the price. DONT LET ANYONE TELL YOU OTHERWISE. There are only a few seats inside and a bench outside of the window, but there are also nice apartment stoops you can sit on. I just wish they'd open a location downtown... please?
Sinfull or decadently delicious dont do justice to these cookies. They need to invent another word for their cookies.
THE BEST COOKIES IN NEW YORK. THE BEST COOKIES IN THE WORLD. There isn't much more to say. Each cookie weighs 1 pound. My favorites are the walnut chocolate chip and the chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips. OM NOM NOM NOM.
I usually dont find myself on the upper west side, but today I went to the premiere at the Beacon Theater.  I was suppose to meet up with a friend at 6:30pm, but I got there a bit early.  What to do, as I thought, then I remember Levain was around here somewhere, but I forgot.  Trusty ol' Yelp was a click away from my phone and to my surprise, I was standing a few steps away from it.  I saw their choices of cookies and had a hard time deciding, with a cookie being 4 bucks each, I could only buy one, at the moment.  I could have used my card, but I didn't want to. eh.. Anyways, since I had to choose one, of course being the chocolate lover I am, I chose the double dark choc chip.  The lady in front of me ordered the choc chip walnut, but since it just came out the oven, she had to wait a moment.   Being that it was fresh from the oven, I wanted one even more, but I couldn't wait because I had to meet up with my friend. As soon as I bit into the double dark chocolate chip cookie, I felt like Tyrone Biggums, scratching my neck, in need for more.  I wanted another bite, but I also wanted to savor it.  Being the nice person I am, I let my friend have a piece and he agreed.  It was a soft gooey melt in your mouth type of goodness.  Oh how I regret not buying that chocolate chip walnut cookie.   If Cookie Monster found this place, he would be in heaven.... I am scratching my neck now, I need my crack..."cookie cookie cookie cookie cookie"... If I need a cookie, I found my dealer.   PS...I forced myself to save a piece of cookie so I can take a pic of it...that's like a mouthful.  I must savor every bite.
Famous for their cookies, but really everything here is superb. The cookies are more like heaping mounds of butter and chocolate, and could constitute a meal unto themselves. The walnut chocolate chip is by far the best, and the ones made with chocolate dough are definitely the least exciting. I highly recommend the goat cheese and olive 'pizza' as well. Warning: very little seating.
BEST COOKIES, HANDS DOWN.  Chocolate chip walnut is to die for. It's a huge thick cookie, but it's perfectly crisp outside and nice and chewy inside. Chocolate still seems to be melted although not straight from the oven. Middle is still somewhat half-baked so that it's like you're eating cookie dough. It's definitely worth the $4!
We walked miles to get here, because my brother had said how delicious the cookies were.  We tried some other pastries, which were less than delightful.  However, biting into the oatmeal raisin and peanut butter chocolate cookies was like tasting a piece of Heaven.  Worth a trip definitely!
I will gladly give my soul for these cookies. I've crossed the line and will never be satisfied with regular cookies again. Ever since I came back from my trip to NYC, I've been on the hunt for the "Levain" cookie in LA. Where oh where will I be able to satisfy my cravings for those ooey gooey cookies again?? My favorite by far was the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie. You can taste the dark chocolate, and the sweetness of the peanut butter just completes the chewy cookie. These are baked to perfection, and this tiny bakery under ground is where I would like to live for the rest of my life. Please let me smell like cookies forever. I'm trying to be more dramatic about these cookies, but I don't think I can. Their dark chocolate chip banana bread is heavenly as well. Very moist and buttery. I don't go out of my way to try banana bread because it usually tastes the same everywhere, but these are filled with dark chocolate chips, and they're simply irresistible. OK. Now I'm done. Please just go try these yourself, and you'll know what I mean.
If you're in the mood for a good cry, this cookie will knock you over the edge. I dunno. It feels passe to write about this place. The cookies are so much better than the second-best cookies, and I'm not much of a poet, so why bother? Just seriously go get one.
For me, Levain=COOKIE. The best cookie that money can buy, that's not cooked in your own kitchen. And even then, it may still beat it. The cookies are BIG, thick, dense, and soft/chewy nuggets of joy. Great to share with a friend, or, -- let's be honest here -- tell your friend to get their own. A tip, buy one before a walk through Central Park. It's the perfect snack for a peaceful meandering in the park. We recommend that all our visitors to NYC do this. It's a small little bakery, so don't expect to savor every morsel indoors, there are only a couple barstools. (although you'd be hard-pressed to wait to take your first bite until outside given the amazing cookie fumes that waft out into the street). I haven't bought anything else at Levain besides the cookie. I'd imagine it's all wonderful, if the cookie leads by example...
Being the Food Network junkie that I am, I pretty much watch almost every show (sans Paula Deen and Sandra Lee) they offer.  So a few weeks ago on "Throwdown with Bobby Flay", I learned about the two triathletes/bakers that started Levain Bakery.  Once I saw the ginormous chocolate chip walnut cookies they baked, I had to check it out for myself. So while I was on the UWS last weekend, I decided to see for myself whether the hype around this cookie was well deserved. Let me tell you, it most certainly is! At almost $4 a cookie, it's the best $4 I've ever spent in my life. I was lucky enough to get a fresh one right out of the oven.  It was warm, gooey and had just the right amount of chocolatey-ness. I was in heaven.  I must go back and try the Oatmeal Raisin Cookie next time. I'm sure I won't be disappointed!
Do you guys put crack in your cookies? I'm pretty sure you do because that thing is addicting. Between 4 of us, we ordered about 12 cookies. We did not successfully finish them all, but if you are a heavy chocolate lover like me, then a cup of coffee and huge/warm/gooey/walnutty cookie and a walk through Central Park is probably a winter afternoon of your dreams. The cookies are amazing, and very dense, so if you are going to eat it, make sure to have something to wash it down and you will thank me later.
The most AMAZING cookie ever! Perfectly baked...a little cripsy on the outside, moist and chewy on the inside. My favorite is the Chocolate Cookie with Peanut Butter Chips, but second favorite is the Oatmeal. My friend introduced me two years ago to this bakery and since I live in San Diego, I have had to wait TWO years to come back for a cookie. I had to take my friends...they complained about the far walk from Central Park (5th Ave), but once they tasted it, they said it was worth every step they took. The funny thing...Levain Bakery was our meeting spot the next day...we just couldn't get enough! It's worth a trip to the Upper West Side, even if it's just for a cookie, but I tell you...it's not just your average cookie!
I know I'm going against the grain here and this is maybe sacrilege for cookie fans out there, but I don't think Levain Bakery makes the cookie cut.  I find them to be uncooked dough balls.  Which some people undoubtedly like (look at the popularity of Ben & Jerry's Cookie Dough ice cream) but dough does not equal cookie.  It's sort of like the difference between a plum and a prune.
These cookies are lifechanging - one bite and you're officially a cookie snob.  Cannot possibly finish one of their cookies in a single sitting, but I will never share my Levain cookies.  All for me.
College friend from Florida has been living in NYC for all of a month and I never heard of this place before she ranted and raved about how wonderful the cookies are.  Stopped in last week for some chocolate walnut cookies and have been dreaming about them ever since.  Seriously the best cookie I have ever had in my LIFE.  I just happened to get two fresh ones...I ate half of one that day and it was warm, gooey, yummy, nutty. I nibbled on the remaining cookie and a half for three days, not wanting the sweetness to come to an end. I love chocolate and walnuts are my favorite nut, so this combo is perfect.  I want to try some of their other cookies soon.
crazy, unbelievable, mouthwatering, enormous, delectable, mmmmmmm there are no words for their INSANE cookies!!!!!!!!!! beware that you will have a sugar coma for hours after eating only one cookie
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: You have not lived until you have eaten a Levain cookie. Whether you're visiting or a longtime New Yorker, this is a must-visit place! I even have a friend that partly moved to the Upper West Side to be close to Levain. (Seriously.) I'd recommend the Chocolate Peanut Butter or Chocolate Chip Walnut cookies. Heads up: there's little to no seating, and expect a short line. It's worth it for one of the best cookies in the world, though.
Sometime in August/early September each year, my good friend and I walk the island of Manhattan from top to bottom, roughly 13.5-14 miles. This year, we stopped on Levain Bakery on the way. And my goodness, this was the easiest walk ever. I picked up a Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie and a Baguette with butter and jam. Both were outstanding. The cookie was barely manageable, with gooey goodness and it was hot, but the taste was perfect. The baguette was wonderful - the jam and butter perfectly complimenting each other. I highly recommend going here - trust the reviews. This place is legit.
Levain's Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookie weighs six ounces. That, my friends, is almost half a pound! I bought one the day before yesterday and still haven't managed to finish it despite help from my favorite Washingtonian. I'm not even sure this dark chocolate, oh-so-peanut-buttery treat can be called a cookie. It's so much more than a cookie; more like a huge hunk of deliciousness, I'd say.
Heavenly and Sinful at the same time!  You wanna know why?  B/c when you taste these cookies the inside is so soft... that for a split second you flash back to your childhood... and your mom is yelling at you b/c she just witnessed you eat a spoonful of raw cookie dough and is convinced you will now get salmonella poisoning!  lol   Okay anyway... so these cookies are amazing!  I've had the chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate with chocolate chips (double chocolate).  The cookies are large and scone-like in appearance. The first time I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie, my wonderful friend brought it over for me.  It was the two of us and my enormous cookie... talking about boy issues... what comfort food!  ;) At the store, the people behind the counter are quite friendly and work FAST!  I've been to the physical store twice... the second time I went there was a small line but they took care of it quickly.  This place is very small and you use a stairway to get *down* to it so be careful not to miss it!  Also, stick around for a while if you can... there will be a lady in the back spooning out the amazing dough and throwing it down to be weighed before putting it on the baking sheet--it's cool to watch! (p.s.; If you make a right, right after exiting the store, you are 5 seconds away from Hummus Place!)
My friends loved this to the point that we came here twice during our weekend trip to New York.  I think it's really good too but not as much as they do.  I'm probably just not big enough on sweets. Anyways the cookies are probably the best part about this place.  Everything else is about as good as a good boutique bakery you'd find in the city.  Definitely do not come here for breakfast.  We did that, and it was way too much sugar for that early in the morning.  I like to think of the cookies as 3-D cookies because these things are definitely not flat.  They build up and are big hulking things.  My friend estimates 1/2 lb per cookie, but that's an approximation at best.  If you love your sugar overdose and are big on sweets, you will love this place.  If you don't, then why are you at a bakery??? p.s. My favorites were the oatmeal raisin and walnut chocolate.
I got all 4 varierties and it was worth every calorie and penny. Just amazing. Nothing can deter me from giving this 5 stars. My boyfriend hates oatmeal anything and he ate half the oatmeal raisin (I had to block him from eating my half) and said he would get it again. But naturally, if you can only choose one - I don't know where you'd find the willpower - go with their classic chocolate chip walnut. I'm so glad I don't live around there or I'd end up clogging my arteries with chocolate, carbs, and walnuts.
I have never seen so many references to crack in my life! Wow, must be a lot of Yelpers on crack! I have never used crack so I can't say if it is like crack or not. I am not a huge cookie fiend, maybe because I did so many bake sales as a Girl Scout that I kind of got tired of them. I also think the whole cookie craze in big cities has to do with people needing comfort food being away from their families. I do not have that issue so it isn't a big deal for me to have cookies. Never the less , in-between fun  tests like MRI's at the HSS we had some time to kill. My husband's brother is a chocolate chip cookie fiend, He buys them  for us knowing most likely we are not going to eat them and always says I got your favorite. Why he doesn't just buy them for himself I can't quite figure out. So in-between fun tests at the hospital we went to the West side for the cookies as he was crying for some chocolate chip cookies knowing I might know where the "best" ones were. We only took one picture. I had been here before a while back but as I said it isn't my thing really. Levain has been around since 1995 which to me is a relatively short time. westsiderag.com/2012/03/… Levain though has been totally accepted by the neighborhood and city. As for the cookies I have had Chocolate Chip and Oatmeal. The Chocolate Chip was quite good and better than the Oatmeal. The Chocolate Chip Cookie was very complex. Not all soft or all hard. It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside served warm! I think the complexity is what made it so good! It looks like a scone but tastes like a cookie. It tastes better than it looks in any of the pictures. I am an Oatmeal cookie fan more so than Chocolate Chip cookies. This is the reasons for 4 stars and not 5. An Oatmeal Cookie is usually made of Oatmeal. Some Oatmeal Cookie recipes use flour some do not. But the ones that use flour also use Oatmeal. The flour in this Oatmeal cookie over powered the Oatmeal or oats. I couldn't taste it at all. My husband's brother has a certain idea and only one idea of what the perfect chocolate chip cookie tastes like based on his childhood, some store in Kings Plaza that he claims hasn't been duplicated. But  that is more about wanting a very specific kind of cookie than a good cookie. These are good even great. At least the Chocolate Chip cookies are.The Oatmeal cookies aren't true Oatmeal cookies. The Oatmeal cookies did taste like scones. The Chocolate Chip cookies tasted like cookies and great ones at that. Certainly worth a try if you are a cookie lover and live or work in NYC.
Addictively good chocolate cookies.  The kind that's I-would-have-traded-you-my-cat-for-a-cookie good.  Thanks for charging $4 a cookie and not taking the cat, she might not have liked that
Meh, something more along the lines of a 3.5 rating. I tried their chocolate walnut cookie and it was GOOD but best cookies ever? I'm not sure. Maybe if it had been warm? I will say this though, the cookies are huge and the middle is still soft even after a full 24 hours of sitting out on my desk. Yes.... I ate it. Don't judge me.
I don't get the fuss.  I'm a sweets fiend and I love raw cookie dough, but I do not love these cookies.  Too thick, too undercooked.  And they lack flavor.  I'm underwhelmed.  Momofuku is much better.
Gooey, warm, and delicious! You can't walk by this adorable exterior without the waft of fresh-baked cookies hitting your nose! The cookies are a few dollars each, but shareable (although I DEFINITELY would not judge you for having one or two by yourself!) Grab one, practice self-control as you keep it in the bag while you walk to central park, then dig in!
Don't let the four dollar price tag per cookie sway you!  I was a little shocked when I saw the price, but took a chance on the dark chocolate chocolate chip and traditional chocolate chip.  These are fresh, melt in your mouth, delicious cookies!  I didn't try them, but they also have some delicious looking scones and rolls. They also serve coffee.   Watch your step as you walk down the steep stairs to get to this small treasure!
Whenever I die, if one of the monstrous chocolate chip and walnut cookies somehow gets lodged in my coffin or urn, I will not complain throughout eternity, I promise.  This is one of the best cookies I have ever had. It is large, a two-hander for sure.  The outside is solid and this thing has some weight behind it.  If you do not like to eat with your hands or have severe "I need napkins all the time" issues, this cookie is not for you.  The chocolate is just oozing from the inside when you break it.  It is the perfect marriage of outside and inside in a cookie without the feeling that you are eating cookie dough. I once had the dark chocolate/peanut butter one and it was a far second in my mind.  It was too much chocolate for me and it did not carry the same gooeyness as the chocolate chip walnut masterpiece.
i can not stop thinking about this place Maybe its because i'm a sucker for the smell of butter and melted chocolate Maybe its because i hold an affinity for deck ovens, cooling racks, and well used sheet trays Maybe its because i believe in food made in small amounts, by hand; that isn't so much in your face as it is a hidden gem waiting to be discovered Or maybe its just because the cookies are seriously that GOOD. The kind of good that reminds you of birthdays, hugs, and sunshine The kind of good that warrants repeated trips to the Upper West Side The kind of good that has me forking over $4 without a second thought, knowing that each cent is lovingly spent on soft, sweet, chocolaty perfection
Life changing cookies. A friend brought me here a few weeks ago and it was so good the first time that I had to come back. I tried each one of their cookies and all of them were enormous as well as freshly baked to perfection. These fist sized cookies were crispy on the outside and gooey/soft on the inside, giving you the perfect balance that any worthy cookie should have. Chocolate chip and walnut was my favorite, with dark chcolate peanut butter being a close second. They also had double chocolate and oatmeal raisin which are also delicious. The cookies are slightly pricey, but they are worth every penny. Also be prepared to wait in line for this tiny shop of goodness.
Yummy, but a little disappointing... After reading all the reviews I really had my expectations set for greatness... While the chocolate walnut cookie is yummy, it didn't stand out from any other cookie for me. It does have a crispy edge and soft gooey inside which I normally love but for some reason this cookie just fell short for me. I am glad a tried it though :)
Let's just say 4 cookies weighed 1.85lbs. Nuff said. This behemoth has been collecting dust on my bookmarks for quite awhile now. Walking from Saks to this place, I was eager to see if their so-called amazing cookies warranted my mile plus trek there. A sub-level establishment, it can easily be missed. That is, until you see passers by carry white bags eating cookies. After you deduce your way there, you are greeted by young counter clerks. I particularly liked the attitude of the surfer looking dude, as he was plenty patient and plenty nice. Upon asking, he informed me that they do NOT outsource their cookies so you can't buy them anywhere else. Closer in resemblance to a hockey puck than a cookie, it's expensive but HUGE. Only here would eating ONE whole cookie be considered OD. Other than the 4 kinds of cookies, they make some foccaccia bread, some sammiches, and some bread. That's it. I loved their mounted touchscreen monitor doubling as a credit card swiper, super space efficient! When you have a hankering for cookies, look no further. My only regret is that my Manhattanitis (14st and below only, please) prevented me from coming here sooner. Ordered: ($4/ea x2) -PEANUT BUTTER CHOCO CHIP - takes the gold here, hands down my fave of the 4, pb chips are at most 1/8" apart, no skimpage here, you feel like you've died and gone to Reese's heaven, the CRACK REMIX VERSION -CHOCO CHOCO CHIP - takes the silver, rich, decadent, everything you would expect a cookie to be, see above minus the pb chips, scary that I smelled the better before the chocolate in this! -WALNUT CHOCO CHIP - contrary to many yelper's reviews, I was least impressed by this one, as it tasted pretty generic, disliked the fact that the dough was still kinda raw in the middle, think I still prefer Jacques Torres', minus half a star -OATMEAL RAISIN - the lightest of the 4, this gets the bronze, never had one that was so easy to pull apart without sacrificing quality Total came out to $32 after everything (no tax) P.S. I got a set of 4 cookies for my friend too, cuz I'm nice like that. He weighed them :) Pics are up on my FB...
Friendly staff!! best double choccolate chip cookie!!
Visited NYC th first week of  November 2011...I have a family of Foodies.. Whenever we travel we search for the best of everything...Our niece took us here for the Best chocolate chip cookies....SO TRUE !!! each cookie weights about 1/2 a pound of luscious goodness... I would not leave NYC without visiting LeVain bakery ever again!!!!..
My and my friends met up for a snow day on Thursday. Out of breath and cold as hell from sledding around Central Park and shoving one another into snow banks, I checked Yelp on my phone for a bakery nearby, our stomach hungry for a treat to snack on before we all went home. I saw Levain Bakery listed at the top, and at the mention of the bakery, my friend's eyes light up in delight and he assured us that this was the place to go. So we trekked through the snow and eventually parked our sleds on the bench next to this small little shop. My friends and I inhaled the scent of freshly baked cookies and I knew this was the right choice. I ordered the double chocolate chip peanut butter cookie. Sitting on the bench outside with my friends, I held the still warm cookie in my cold fingers and took a bite. Bliss. It was warm, gooey, chewy, delicious bliss. Slightly crispy on the outside, warm and moist on the inside. It was an excellent cookie, and I found myself devouring the entire thing within five minutes, which was quite a feat considering how gigantic these cookies are. My friend had also sprinted to the little grocery shop next to the bakery and bought a quart of milk (she asked the cashier  for some cups) for us to dunk our cookies in. It made the cookie even more delish, if such a thing was possible. Overall, well worth the experience. I found myself craving these cookies the next day.
First off, if you never had a cookie from here go get one now!!!!!! Warm, chewy and filling. Ask for a warm cookie if you are not a scardy pants. When you do bte into it, you will love it!
Truly awesome cookie, almost more accurately a mountain of cookie.  Tried the walnut chocolate chip and dar chocolate peanut butter.  It would be impossible to pick a favorite. Not much to look at interiors wise - it looks like a nice commercial kitchen - because they are so serious about their craft!  Nowhere to eat there really.  Take it home to a nice glass of milk :-)
This cookie makes me think about being high, just because I'd like to think I could enjoy it that much more. It's like a festival of chocolate, comfortable in it's own just-melted glory inside of still slightly uncooked dough; the nice hint of walnuts keeping everything grounded. Without those, this cookie would be so sweet it would be inedible. It's $2 additional for a large milk, which seems to be about 12-16 ounces and is the exact amount that you want to wash this behemoth down. The outside is like the cookies mom used to make. But the middle? Ridiculous. If God had a bakery somewhere, I think he'd borrow this recipe.
The perfect-to-share-fit-for-four-plus-chocolate-chip-­walnut-cookie. Tucked away in a basement of a store front, Levain bakery sells a 1lb-er mass of dough that contains all the various cookie textures in one hefty package. To describe the layers of the Levain cookie in the most accurate fashion, please google an image of the Earth's cross section, as each cookie contains: *crispy/crunchy crust *chewy/soft upper mantle * the still warm and ooey  lower mantle * still very cookie dough raw core Word to the wise: 1) Bring a carton of milk with you, you're gonna need it 2) Only arrange to meet/eat/drink at the bakery if you're a party of three or less 3) if you decide to take a box to-go, make sure you do your weights a few days prior, these cookies are at least 10+oz each!
Delicious! Cookies were huge and thick..probably weighed 5lbs.. Scones had the perfect crunch as well! Definitely the place to go for a yummy simple cookie, scones, or bread. Tiny store with just a wood sign hanging by the door.
Oh Levain, your warm chocolate chip / walnut cookie was definitely worth ruining my diet for. I walked 20 blocks in uncomfortable shoes based on a "must do" suggestion from a friend.  I was not at all disappointed. I ate half the cookie when it was warm and half the cookie a day later and it was still delicious.  If it was near my hotel I'd take a few home to the husband.  Since it's not near my hotel, we'll just have to find an excuse to come back :) Absolutely worth a visit, even if it means a long walk in uncomfortable shoes.  Be warned, it's tiny and crowded, with no seating inside.
best chocolate chip i've seen/tasted ever! got the dark chocolate peanut butter chip ($4), which was specked with peanut butter chips mingling with the ultra-thick chocolate chip cookie to make the perfect harmony. when you're near levain, you will definitely smell the enticement of the cookies. if you want these thick, massive cookies, just make sure you follow your nose to levain, not jacques torres! (the stores are about a block away- yes, jacques torres has great chocolate...however, their cookies are only wide in circumference, and thin!) back to levain. the bakery is quite small and you should watch your head and feet before diving down the narrow stairs! you can oversee the kitchen, employees rushing back and forth, and hungry customers waiting for their turn to get some goodies! i took my cookie home and warmed it in the microwave for about 10~15 seconds for the gorgeous gooey and ooze when i carefully divided into several morsels :9 and the rest is...history! (cookie monster: "om nom nom")
Hands down, the best cookies I have ever had.  The dark chocolate peanut butter cookie tastes like heaven...the cookies are huge and totally worth the price.  If you are in the city, make sure you stop by.
hands down the best chocolate chip cookies ever!! make sure to get them warm! and my favorite is definitely the chocolate chip with walnuts I was bummed when I went there yesterday and they were closed =(( (my bf was looking at me like I was crazy when I wailed "NOOOOO!" and starting jumping up and down haha) but it was my fault. I should have called before making the trip since it was new years day haha I go to school in Colorado, so I try to always get a cookie from here at least once while I'm home. I will definitely be making another trip before I leave and make sure my bf gets to taste these wonderful,chocolately morsels of joy!
Delicious cookies that are always warm and gooey. Nice people who work there. Go before or after the after school rush.
Walnut chocolate chip cookie - not too soft, not too hard - just right amount of chewy consistency. And talk about a big fat and thick cookie! No raw cookie dough to be found in the middle - so that's a plus! Price at $4 per cookie is reasonable for that size. Have napkins handy - you'll have chocolate goodness everywhere! By the way, the napkins they provide are definitely soft and high quality - not hard and stiff feeling like the ones provided at fast good restaurants. I know it probably doesn't matter to most people but I thought it is nice to point it out. :) Careful when coming in - stairs leading down to the blue painted exterior bakery. Very tiny space but smells full of goodness! Would definitely come back to try their other sweets! The cookie itself was addictive!! Have water or drink nearby. Milk would have been perfect but we opted to buy water as we were on the go!
Give me a moment while I gather myself before writing this. Alright. The cookies are actually ridiculous. Like, I can't even. They are massive, warm, gooey, chocolatey, nutty, and absolutely perfect. Stop questioning yourself and do it. The line might look stupid and the space is cramped, but you need this in your life. $4 for a cookie?! Shut up. Just hand it over, grab your cookie, sit in the corner and stuff your face until you feel ashamed. But you won't because it's amazing. Trust me.
Walking quickly with coat delivered from downstairs I made my way out to the street by 7:45 and found myself waiting in line at Radio City by 8:05 - perfect timing - yet for a moment a bit of worry.  Noting the "no outside food or drink" sign I suddenly remembered my pre-meal diversion - Levain Bakery - and the nearly two pounds of (IE, two total) cookies in my pocket.  With security thankfully wand based only the cookies survived - at least until 10:00pm. Having admittedly taken a bite of each when they were delivered warm to my hand prior to entering Lincoln all I can say is that these are not those flimsy cookies your co-workers bring to the office party each December - these are more like a half-softball of butter, flour, sugar, and love.  With one chocolate chip and one chocolate with peanut butter chip I cannot really say which was better, only that both were every bit worth the price, calories, and stomach capacity.  Perhaps I'm a bit biased and perhaps a bit jaded by the experience, but all things being equal I'd have to say Levain Cookies + Radio City + Interpol is about as close to heaven as it gets.
cookies. COOKIES COOKIES COOKIES. best in town.
I have been looking forward to trying the cookies from Levain for a while...and I was honestly a bit disappointed. We tried a chocolate chip walnut and a dark chocolate peanut butter. The chocolate chip walnut was definitely the better of the two. The peanut butter had too many peanut butter chips (is that possible?) - I guess it is...and it was a little too undercooked in the middle for my liking. I think what I have learned from this experience is that I prefer a crispier cookie. I understand why people love these cookies but I prefer a chocolate chip cookie from le pain quotidien over one of these any day!
COOKIES These things are almost more like scones in size and appearance, but don't let that fool you.  These suckers are warm, gooey, chewy, soft, crunchy amazing goodness.  Yes, pricey, but SOOOO worth it!
ME LOVE COOKIE!!!       This place is simply obsurd it's so good.  I know people in the hood that WONT go to Levain on principal, because they thinks it's ridiculous that a single chocolate chip cookie could cost $3.75.  I say good, because I'll eat their cookies too!       To be fair, you have to think about it as TWO cookies, not one.  I say this because I'm about 6 foot tall and 190lbs and I can only each half of a cookie in a sitting.  These things are LARGE!!!  When you see a girl about 5 foot 4 outside holding one of these they look like a squirrel holding a coconut.  I'm a hockey player, and I'd note that they are almost the exact size and weight of a regulation hockey puck (no I'm not kidding).  Each cookie begins as 6 ounces of dough on the cookie sheet.   Obviously, this is not the menu item for anyone of a diet, as I imagine these cookies must be a whopping 500 calories each.  I watched the Bobby Flay Throwdown episode and it was CRAZY how much sugar and butter went into the KitchenAid.  Isnt there a legal limit on sugar and butter?  These things must be worse for you than cigarettes, but oh.....so.....good.  Crunchy and hard on the outside, with some 1/2 melted chocolate chips and just a touch of raw cookie dough on the inside.     The actual bakery is a little below ground hole-in-the-wall that only holds maybe 5 or 6 customers at once, so you'll usually see people outside greedily gobbling down their cookies like a crack addict gobling down leftover McDonalds cheeseburgers from a dumpster.       In closing, I dont even care if you live on the LES (which in relation to the Upper West Side is like Nebraska), you really need to get on up to the UWS to try one of these suckers.
Chocolate peanut butter cup heaven. Dense. Moist. Neither under nor over baked. Rich. This was some cookie. Its center was almost cake-like because it was so moist, yet not gooey. We bought four cookies as a gift, and the store clerk wrapped them up in a delightful box with festive bows for us. Ate the cookie over the span of the next day with my brother because it was just so decadent. Pricey, yes, but definitely worth the treat. I would love to try their assortment of freshly baked breads next time!
It was November 6th, 2011 at about 1:15pm and I had just completed the NYC Marathon - my first.  I was heading west from southern Central Park to meet up with my mom & boyfriend, and when we found each other, I semi-collapsed on a stoop, shivering.  My boyfriend asked if I was hungry, if I needed anything, etc.  I was starving for one thing... a chocolate chip walnut cookie from the nearby Levain Bakery!  I had never had one before and had only heard glowing reviews.  Probably anything would have been delicious at that point, but it was SO good.  Everything that everyone has said so far was absolutely true, so I guess I can add that the bakers are consistent in addition to being incredibly talented!
It is a spiritual experience to call it a chocolate chip cookie is just wrong. It is a butter/chocolate/sugar delivery device with another flour to hold it together. The best 4 dollars you will ever spend.
I had a $3 blueberry muffin that was well, just a decent overall muffin.  If anything it was just a tad dry (not overwhelmingly so), but had a great ratio of blueberries to cake.  I wasn't impressed based on the reviews I've read of this place, but I also did not have a cookie, which appears to be their specialty.  The bakery was not at all crowded at just before 9:30 on a Wednesday morning.  If I do try Levain Bakery again before I depart NYC it will be to try one of the chocolate chip walnut cookies that everyone raves about!
Some of the best cookies I have ever eaten in my life, for real. Walnut chocolate chip and chocolate chocolate chip. WOW!!! I still think about it to this very day! They are so moist and fluffy and chewy and oh my god just so damn delicious!!! Everybody's gotta come here for a cookie! You won't be disappointed!!
Oh man, looks like I'm really going against popular vote here on this one.  I'm not a big desserty sweets person but I would imagine this place would appeal to the average American. There was a line out the door when I got there (that's promising, right?) and once you went down the stairs into the bakery, it smelled sooo wonderful (also a good sign!) So chocolate chip cookies are my favorite type of cookie so I went with that.  I left and took my bag and softball sized cookie to Verdi Park to sit and enjoy a yummy cookie. The cookie was still warm which is nice.  The inside is basically not cooked and will fall apart. The hundreds of chocolate chips are still in a melted state.  The cookie was good and all, just not really my thing.  Too big, too melty.  The cookie was $4.00 and I will sadly admit about $2.67 of it went in the trash.  I'd go back only if I had someone to share it with! (As Seen on TV list: Bobby Flay's Throwdown)
BEST COOKIES EVER! Unfortunately I can never leave the store eating just one and packing on those calories. haha Cookies are fresh, hot out of the oven and they're decent size meaning not small nor big. I suggest oatmeal raisin, not only  is it my favorite but it seems to be *healthier than the others... also I'm not a huge fan of chocolate. The store is small  with no seating's but has a bench in front of the store. Workers are so friendly and funny!
Thank you Deborah H. for introducing me to the BEST cookies ever!!!  I tried the oatmeal raisin and the chocolate chip walnut.  Personally, I'm an oatmeal fan, so naturally I thought that one was better, but woah were AMAZING!!  Not only are they huge in diameter but also in weight/depth.  These things are heavy!   These were definitely the right amount of sweetness.  Not too much and not too little, just right.  Like some of the other reviews say, the cookies is crisp on the outside, but chewy and soft on the inside (as a cookie should be).  Most cookies found in NYC tend to be hard. Only if this was place wasn't  so far. Booo...I guess it's an excuse for me to go to the upper west.
I don't write a lot of reviews, but I had to for the sweets I tried at Levain.  Honestly, I'm torn b/c I can't recommend just one.  It was my last day in NYC and everyone else in my group went to the Natural History Museum.  I had to make a call, take the last few hours and dedicate to science and learning or take my last few hours and seek out cookies.  Cookies won!! Off to Levain I went and it was SO worth it.  First, I got the Valrhona Chocolate Roll, heated.  Sweet lord above, I would hurt someone to get one of these.  I ate it around the corner with a delicious cup of coffee.  Dark chocolate smeared across my fingers and lips.  It is heaven.  HEAVEN!!!  Get one, just do it.  Perfect sourdough bread with melted dark chocolate, it doesn't get any better, until you get to the cookie. Now the cookie is it's own beast and I had that later on during the flight home.  First cookie tried is the famous chocolate chip walnut.  My husband had a bite and all he said was "oh my god".  Yes, this is an oh my god cookie.  6 ounces of butter, sugar, flour and chocolate.  Ooey, gooey, melty, sweet, perfect.  These are the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had.  Crispy on the outside, thick and chewy on the inside.  The next day I tried the Double chocolate peanut butter chip cookie.  So good and a day old.  Seriously, there is nothing not to like about this cookie.  Delicious chocolate dough, peanut butter chips.   This little unassuming bakery is my favorite.  I had a great chat with the girls who work there and one of the customers and we all discussed the fact that we work out just to eat sweets like this.  I'm actually thankful that it's so prohibitively expensive to ship these cookies to California.  I will leave it as my sweet must have treat every time I come back to the city. I love you Levain, you complete my sugar addiction.
My good good man sent me a box of these (to DC!) on my birthday ($40 for 4 cookies...I knoooow).  So good.  It took me a good 5 days and 10 people breaking off bits and pieces to get through 4 cookies.  WTF? Highly highly recommend the chocolate chocolate, if you love chocolate as much as I do.  The chocolate walnut is also amazing.  They're just so good.  Its a butter flavor explosion.  Texture is crumbly, soft on the inside and firm on the outside.  Sort of perfect.  Avoid the oatmeal raisin though...not enough spice or chew.
The BEST EVER chocolate chip and walnut cookies! And, I just love the whole wheat bread with walnuts and raisins. Brought lots of cookies and bread back with me to California. Worth a stop. Staff is very friendly. Oh, the chocolate peanut butter cookies are awesome. I wanted to meet the owners of this bakery as I was so impressed with how they began their business...their vision and pursuing their dream. I was thrilled! A wonderful treat in NYC and a tasty experience not to be missed.
This is my first time in Levain Bakery. I had a Chocolate chip walnut cookie. It was freshly made, just came out from the oven. I know it because when I took it out from the paper bag it completely crashed down to pieces, and the chocolate melt on my fingers.... That's not good, so I put it back to the bag let it cool down for a little bit. after 3 minutes or so, I took a bite of the cookie. It was crunchy and soft from the walnut and soft from the body. The outside is crispy a lilttle. I was wondering it's not as good as that 1000s people rated 4 stars in yelp. 4 dollars for a cookie is too expensive for me. The size is big tho.
Simply amazing cookies.  Expensive ($4) but SO SO GOOD, especially when they're fresh and still slightly gooey inside!
Yep, these cookies are as good as everyone says. We arrived at 9 am on a Saturday morning and there was only three or four people in front of us. This was the only time we could make it and by the time we were able to eat the cookies the next day and the day after they were still delicious and fresh tasting.
Wow. Double choc chip cookie is amaze
Luscious Exemplary Veritably Amazing Incredible cookies Now!
Best cookies in New York City! Hands down as no else can really complete. They are amazing! I have been known to eat more than one in a sitting! The other items are equally as good too.
I can't say much that hasn't already been stated.  I went here after learning about this place on Food Network's Throwdown with Bobby Flay.  I took the B train down to 72nd Street and made the short walk to Levain's.  I found the place to be small but very busy.  It was night time so there weren't many customers at the time.  I can imagine the queues getting long at this place.  I ordered a few cookies to try them out and see if they lived up to the hype. First try was the famous chocolate chip walnut cookie.  OH MY GOSH.  It was SOOOOO GOOD.  I can't express how good it was freshly baked.  I also met the co-owner Connie and she was REALLY nice.  We had a small chat and she was very accomodating.  I ended up taking 24 cookies home to give to my friends and they love it.  If you are in NYC, this is a MUST GO TO SPOT.  Every time I make the cross country travel to NY, I'll be sure to always include Levain's Bakery to the list of must places to visit!
Levain Bakery has the best cookies you will ever have. Ever! My favorite is the Walnut Chocolate Chip, though the Chocolate Chocolate Chip is delicious too. I recommend getting a Walnut Chocolate Chip cookie, a bread roll (helps break up the sweetness in the cookie), and a cup of milk. Then walk two blocks towards Central Park, sit on a bench, and enjoy your delicious breakfast.
Every time you eat a Levain cookie your current waist size gets its wings.
This cookie was created by ironwomen.  All one million calories of it.  So naturally, you should have to be able to finish an ironman competition to deserve this $4 monstrosity.  Lucky for me, I stop in after a morning yoga class.  Yoga and an ironman are the same thing, right? The baguette with butter and jam (pre-spread!) hits the spot early in the am too.  I usually wash it down with an ok-coffee for my miserable ride crosstown on the M72.   These pastries are a necessity for the M72 - NECESSITY!
Does this place need another review? Yes, yes it does. That oatmeal raisin cookie and dark chocolate chunk are nothing to joke about. Come with an appetite, not after downing a shake shack double like this idiot. these cookies will be the biggest you've ever consumed. $4 each, hidden somewhat underground
Delicious cookies, except I find them TOO gooey in the middle, and difficult to eat because of their size.  Split a large cookie in half and see what happens to the melted chocolate chips in your hands....
Levain Bakery is a bakery in NYC's Upper West Side that's known for baking huge and delicious monster cookies.  They also sell coffee & other baked goods, but if you're here, chances you're here for the cookies. My Overall Rating - 2 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food) Atmosphere - What I love about NYC is that many places are "hidden" only found by a small sign.  Levain Bakery is one such place.  Once you find the sign you'll step down to the bakery.  Behind the counter (which holds a number of baked items) is an army of bakers.  The front area has stools to sit in against a narrow counter where you can sit & enjoy your items.  It's very small, & can get quite crowded when there's a line, so be warned.   1/2 Star. Service - You place your order with one of the bakers behind the counter.  During our visit, I think we took a little too long because they seemed to get annoyed with us.  I know, we should be prepared.  We had an idea of what we wanted - it's just hard when all the cookies look so good.  Anyways, I could tell they were annoyed & it got worse when a line formed, so we just finished up our transaction & waited for the items.  But at least they were fast.   1/2 Star. Food - The cookies are huge - they're at least 1/3 pound.  They're also not cheap, but they are good.  We took them home and after microwaving them for about 20 seconds, they warm, a little crunchy on the outside and oh so soft (and gooey with chocolate) on the inside.  Super big, super yummy, & super satisfying.  That was the highlight though, because our other order, a chocolate roll, was not good.  I picked it from behind the counter, and while it looked good, the roll itself was so hard.  Even the chocolate didn't help soften it.  And the coffee that I ordered to dip it in was just ok.  I know it's a bakery, but baked goods are so much better with coffee.  Cookies were a hit though.  1 Star. Will I Return? - Probably not.  It boils down to - How bad do I want a big cookie?  They're big and good, but not big and good enough for a return visit.  But if you are a fan of delicious cookies that happen to be huge, Levain Bakery is a terrific option.  No Stars. My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts): 1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm. 1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point. 2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food. 1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
I was walking around Upper West Side when I stumbled upon this cute little store and I decided to come in for an afternoon snack time. They have a lot of different cookies but I tried the Chocolate Chip Walnut since they recommend it for me. Everyone that works there is quite friendly and helpful in term of helping me, the most indecisive person when it comes to delicious sweet stuffs, to choose which cookies I want. And boy, they are right. The famous chocolate chip walnut should be seven wonders of the world. It was big, thick, and gooey. You will have chocolate chip in every bite. Although you will find more walnuts in the middle of the cookies. And the taste of sweet chocolate melted in your mouth in your every bite is not just their specialty. The cookie is both crispy and soft at the same time. The biggest letdown from this store is the long queue and very small area for people to sit down and enjoy their cookies. Luckily I came at the right time (in afternoon and weekdays) and I can find a place to sit and chew their awesome cookies to the last bit. Their price is also a bit pricey, for $4.00 per cookie. I know it's worth the price but, still, they could've lower the price a bit. Overall, my experience at Levain Bakery is pretty good and I definitely will come back for more cookies!
Man o man, these cookies are stellar. You really only need one to be satisfied, but I suggest splitting with your friend just to have the opportunity to try another flavor. There's even some decent seating inside, which allows for mildly amusing people watching -- people obsessed with these cookies, of course. There mostly seem to be repeat customers. I have become one of those!
They're HUGE!!!!  These cookies are HUGE!!! These cookies are bigger than many of my internal organs, surely larger and mightier than my liver.  I was barely able to consume the whole cookie and yet I did, I ate it, I ate the whole chocolate chip walnut brick of sugery buttery goodness.  And I'm not sorry. They now cost $3.75, so if that sounds expensive to you, don't go.  A true cookie lover will not be deterred by this price.  Nor are they for those who use the term "too rich".  How someone can say that about a cookie is beyond me, hand those folks a bowl of plain oatmeal and stick 'em in the corner.   No, these cookies are for the brave and hungry, this is a meal in cookie, a three cookies in one cookie, thick and wide, gooey and delicious.  You want one.  And since they're only open until 7pm, GO RIGHT NOW.
The most heavenly cookies on the planet - I've tried chocolate chip and chocolate peanut-butter so far, and they're always warm, perfectly gooey, and a meal in themselves. AMAZING. The other baked goods, however, such as the much-heralded sticky buns, brioche, and cinnamon pastry didn't live up to the hype, in my opinion. Sticky bun was too crusty and hard, and pastries in general a little on the bland side. But the cookies more than make up for it!
Each cookie weighs about 5lbs, I got one of each and brought it home to my boyfriend.  They lasted a week and were super delicious.   Thanks Yelp for helping me find this gem.
I stared at my chocolate chip walnut cookie for a bit. Just stared. Blinked. I knew I wouldn't be able to finish this cookie in one sitting. It's that big. It was a little too sweet though with a warm gooey middle. I only had about 6 bites and I was done. I wish they had milk.
I held up the line ordering 2 dozen (but got 20 - its OK - I paid for 20) cookies for a Superbowl party. Yes.  That was me. But each and every one of them almost killed us all with rapture (death by rapture). It was too much. These are BIG heavy cookies. Barely a cookie but hard to think of what else they might be called. They were wonderful, consistent, decadent, and hit every spot I had. Truly wonderful. 4 bucks each, but worth it in every sense. You will feel like you ate more than 4 dollars. These are to cookies what Shake Shack and In-N-Out are to burgers. As good as it gets.
This might be the best cookie I've had in NYC ever.  If I've had a better one, I can't remember it.  This giant ball of doughy sexiness will leave your mouth watering and you wanting more cookies then the big blue alien thing on Sesame Street.  Oh yea, and their chocolate chip banana bread is amazing too. Drop what you're doing and go there now.  You will thank me later.
Best cookie I have ever had if you don't like this cookie you're a fool.
Love. These. Cookies.  Amazing, warm, and absolutely delicious.  The chocolate walnut is my favorite.  The double chocolate is good but too chocolate-y for me.  The service is really fast so do not be afraid of the long lines.  It's all worth it.
I bought two cookies both to send to my sister and mother and a chocolate banana bread. I got the last piece of chocolate banana bread; an end and it was still delicious and moist. So good. There cookies are of coarse delicious! Baguette with butter and jam is also yummy
This review is for the chocolate chip walnut cookie. It's really big. It's really buttery. It's really delicious. I also tried the dark chocolate and peanut butter, which was unfortunately sub-par when compared to the glob of chocolate chips and walnuts swimming in soft, crumbly, chewy dough. Note: a lot of people were ordering the brioche when I stood at the counter.  I'd like to try that next time.
If I had a magic wand that could make one food item free of calories for life, it would have to be this cookie!!! What you get is a delicious crunchy on the outside, gooey on the inside piece of heaven that would probably fall from the sky since it's so heavy. I have a sweet tooth so I could eat this one on one sitting, but it's perfect enough to share with someone lucky. They also have cold milk in the fridge which makes the experience more delightful. I really CANNOT pass by 72d street and not feel my head spinning with a wild craving for these cookies. It truly is worth the 67 mile run and all the climate obstacles it might take to get here.
Forbes magazine rated this best Chocolate Chip cookie in the country. At 6 oz, this cookie is a monster. I thought it was pretty good-- maybe not The Best Cookie in America-- but one of the better cookies I've had that weren't home-made. Really buttery, thick, with gobs of melted chocolate chips and walnut halves in each bite. Wasn't as warm as I'd hoped (room temperature, not "fresh out of the oven"). Crispy crust, gooey chewy interior, and huge huge huge (1" thick at least, and probably around 6" diameter...). It was a bit of a sugar overload, though. My stomach didn't feel the same the rest of the day. $3.75 for a big cookie that probably had 4 cookies worth of dough. The bakery itself is t i n y and looks like a basement. I walked past it twice before finding it...!
Awwwwesome cookies here! I go here often and nine times out of ten, there's a line out the door, which isn't quite as impressive as it may sound given that all of three people could stand in line before overflowing up the staircase. Anyways, I digress, TRY THESE COOKIES! They're all great! Cool staff, good location (right off 72nd St. stop), and friendly staff. My ONLY judgement/concern is that I've witness staff handling dough without gloves while engaged in other tasks. Don't worry, you won't care after you've tried the cookies. ;)
Minus 1 star for the cost of these cookies..beyond that? a piece of heaven and exactly how I like to make my cookies...SUPER SUPER HEAVY, LARGE, and filled with amazing chips, while still very chewy....I wish this place was closer to me but then I'd just be obese. The line sometimes gets pretty long but with no real place to camp out (OKAY...there is but you really shouldn't stay and you should make room for people who are cookieless...), and fast service...you go in pick your cookies and leave within a min or two.
The best chocolate chocolate-chip cookie I have ever had. Huge and delicious. Puts the cupcake craze to shame.
3.5 This bakery is located right by the corner of Amsterdam and West 74th street. Once you pass the doorway, there is a staircase that you will have to walk down on to get to the register and seating area. The place isn't big at all. The lady who took and gave me my order of the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookie and the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie was quick and polite. Each cookie is $4. The cookies were placed on metal baking sheets. I got the last of the batch since I went midday. The chips weren't melted inside the cookies like I have seen in pictures posted on this site. They feel hard and look crunchy on the outside, and feel soft in the inside. The inside of the two cookies has the texture, appearance, and taste of a brownie. The cookies were very easy to break in half which is very convenient considering that the cookies are big. You probably won't be able to finish the whole cookie in one sitting and probably wouldn't want to finish the whole entire thing EVER! I had half a cookie and I thought I was going to die from all the sugar I consumed. The cookies are very sweet. I finished the rest of the peanut butter cookie and now I have that heavy, ok, you had wayyyyy too much sweets, omgosh, no more for the rest of the month, I can't take anymore, feeling. The cookies do taste good and you will get peanut butter chips in every bite you take from the dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie. I just think that it is very sweet. Overload. If you decide to get cookies, definitely share the cookies with others or if you don't want to, just have a part of it one day, another part of it the next day, etc. Note: The 1, 2, and 3  trains will leave you a couple of short blocks away from the bakery. If you are not going to take the 1, 2, or 3 train to get there, it is important to know that the A train does not stop at 72nd street because it skips that stop. If you are heading to the bakery from Brooklyn or downtown, take the A train to 59th street and then transfer to the B or C train and take it to 72nd street. If you heading to the bakery from Washington Heights, take the A train to 125th street and then transfer to the B or C train and take it to 72nd street.
Sinfully good!  Only had a cookie there but it was delicious and I keep meaning to go back.
If I'm going to eat a cookie (actually, several cookies), it will be from Levain. Period. It's pricey, but worth it the way my eyes open wide and eventually feel like they roll to the back of my head after one bite of this HUGE cookie. Gooey fingers and a messy chocolate-y face is expected because these cookies are soft on the inside, chocolate chips are melted, and there's a perfect bite on the outside. I am a dark chocolate fan so my favorite is the dark chocolate chip cookie and the oatmeal raisin. As good as the regular chocolate chip and walnut cookies are, I just don't salivate at the thought of them as much as I do for the dark chocolate chip. The chocolate peanut butter is great for PB lovers, but a little too much for me - I'd probably be OK with one or two bites versus one or two orders of it. The deli a few steps around the corner sells milk - you'll need a quart or two, trust me.
This cookie comes a close second to my number one favorite cookie in the world-Davids. I think they use the same Lindt chocolate as Davids did.
Holy. Shit. Go here. You won't be sorry. The place is teeny tiny but we lucked out and walked right in. The cookies are sinful and, hands down, the best I've ever had. I don't know how they do it. My hubs also grabbed a baguette with butter and jam for breakfast and raved about it. If you are going to indulge your sweet tooth in NYC, this is the place worth the calories.
It's a FIVErrrr! HOly f*#king monkey geezy gawd ballz. I just bit into the "peanut butter chocolate brownie" bar. Shock the daylights out of my taste buds. * I don't know what else to say or write. I'm shocked. I'm amazed. I'm hood baby. (peace out girl scouts) * eat responsibly.
4.5 stars would be just right. Not the absolute best cookies I've ever had, but they definitely rank up there. I swear these cookies are so massive they must weigh a whole pound each. I bought two (chocolate chip walnut and double chocolate peanut butter chip) for my brother and I to share, and they definitely added weight to my bag. The chocolate chip walnut was as if a big chocolate chip cookie married a fairly moist scone; and the double chocolate peanut butter chip is probably the offspring of a chocolate peanut butter chip cookie and a fudgalicious brownie. Yumm-o. We ate them the next night, warmed up a bit in the microwave. However delicious they were, I simply could not finish my portion because I was too full from dinner. I must try them again when I have an empty tummy and a craving for cookies and see if I can't bump that up to a full 5 stars.
Everything is DELICIOUS. I live around the corner and I wish I didn't. Talk about the Levain 15 (pounds!). Cookies are the best I have ever ever had. Breakfast is very good too... I get requests from my coworkers every Friday. I dream about this place, literally. Everything is fresh and warm from the oven. Also, the employees are always very, very nice. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Excellent texture.  A good even layer of crispiness on the outside,  gooey on the inside.  Ample chocolate and walnut goodness.  Somewhat cake like.  Much better when cooled.  Imperfect because it was a bit too sweet - almost sugary.
My son said these were the best chocolate chip cookies in the world. He may be right. I'm not a big fan of c.c. cookies, but these were worth the trip.
The best cookie I've ever eaten in my entire life. Not much more to say than that. I don't know how they do it. Just keep doing it Levain!
Walked right by this place when looking for it.  I don't know how I missed the LINE OUT THE DOOR, which moved very quickly and the people working were friendly and fast.  I got a double chocolate chip cookie, which was delicious, but honestly, I wouldn't call it a cookie. It's more like a fudgy brownie, which is ok with me.  It was mega chocolate, and I want to go back for the regular walnut chocolate chip.
I am not sure if I went on an off day or what but I had very high hopes for these cookies. i looove soft chewy thick cookies and these were just the total opposite. I tried each of their flavors, the chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chocolate chip, dark chocolate peanut butter and oatmeal raisin cookie. They were hard, almost crisp and very chewy. They were huge and there's alot of nuts and chocolates in each of the cookies which makes it pretty worth the $$ that they charge for it. They tasted pretty good but the texture was just not that great. Sadly, I feel that I make better cookies than this. If you're curious about these huge cookies, they are worth a try but don't spend so much buying every flavor like me just to get disappointed.
I lived in Brooklyn (about an 1.5 hour train ride away from here) and my friend brought me a cookie.  I only had a bite and I couldn't stop thinking about the cookie for days.  So I took that 1.5 hour train ride just to buy THREE COOKIES in an attempt to make it last for a week. I live in CA now and I miss you Levain.  I miss your chocolatey goodness and sometimes dream of you.  Thanks for the memories!
I love the edges of the cookie, which are crisp and slightly chewy. The innards are great in a slightly raw and gooey way. It also gets bonus points for having chocolate chunks that are easily separated from the cookie bits (I love chocolate chip cookies, but not the chocolate chip bits--odd, I know). In the end, the cookie was one of the better cookies I've had, but not mind blowing. The massive size of the cookie is amazing. I can say, "You can have one treat today," have a cookie here, and feel very virtuous for only having one cookie. *spoiler alert* If you want to remain guilt-free whenever you have a cookie, ignore this. Of course, at 6oz., the cookie has around 900-1000 calories (assuming that each ounce is about 150-160 calories). I still manage to feel virtuous, because my little demon shouting, "It's only ONE cookie" drowns out my even smaller angel whispering, "But it's a big cookie."
I live in Park Slope and have absolutely no problem taking the train to the UWS for a Levain cookie.  That alone should tell you New Yorkers something. The cookies at Levain are not just cookies--they're what cookies have evolved into.  They are absolute perfection.  Once you have one, you'll be hooked too.
This place needs no introduction with its hundreds of reviews and plenty of press. But I figured I'd share my opinion anyway! I loved, loved, loved these cookies. They were hockey puck size but surprisingly perfectly cooked. They're not cheap for sure -- $3.25 per cookie, but for most it would be considered well worth it. It was perfectly crispy and crunchy on the outside and ooey, chewy, and buttery on the inside. We got the signature chocolate chip & walnut cookie and the chocolate chip chocolate cookie. Both were astoundingly yummy. I can't describe it anymore than that -- they were just fantastic. I would definitely recommend people go here, especially if it's your first time visiting and you're already in the Upper West Side. It's close to the Natural History Museum so make a trek over to Levain Bakery after your museum stroll, it's well worth the visit! I'm definitely going back to try their other two cookies -- the oatmeal raision & their peanut butter chip chocolate cookie!
Had the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was definitely yummy. The chocolate chip melted as I ate the cookie and the inside of the cookie was moist. It's a huge cookie and can count as a whole meal. I brought a few back with me to Cali. They were still good after a day in the box. I bought the double chocolate chip, chocolate peanut butter and chocolate chip walnut. The double chocolate is good but a little too sweet. The chocolate peanut butter was less sweet than the double chocolate because the peanut butter balanced out the sweetness. My family's favorite is the chocolate chip walnut because it was the perfect sweetness. Also, if you take it home and microwave it, it'll have almost the same consistency and taste as the fresh cookies.
5 stars for the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie which is the best cookie I have ever had in my entire life.  Dammit, now I have a sweet tooth.
Whoaa tried a dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie -- it's basically a brownie/cookie hybrid the size of a giant muffin top -- and it pretty much blew my mind with its chocolatiness. So rich and satisfying! After eating that, no kind of chocolate treat will be chocolatey enough; I also tried the chocolate chip walnut but I preferred the double chocolate :)
It was a little hard for me to spot this bakery because you actually have to take some stairs to go into their shop. But oh my god their cookies were amazing. I got the chocolate chip walnut and oatmeal raisin. At $4 a cookie, I was thinking, they better be amazing. And when I took my first bite into them, they definitely were. They are crispy on the outside, but since the cookies are so thick, the inside was so gooey and soft. Just the way I like my cookies. My only regret is I didn't have a cup of milk with me. But their cookies are worth the visit.
Levain bakery offers the best cookie man has ever invested. Highly highly highly recommend this place.  If you go with a group, it may be a good idea to share. And yes, its worth waiting 5 minutes to make sure your cookie is warm and straight out of the over although chances are, they're always just baked.  In my opinion, the chocolate chip walnut and chocolate chip dark chocolate cookie are the best 2 options offered.
I went back again and again over the course of 3 weeks, trying different items and eating my fav chocolate chips cookie. I am happy to have find this place.  Everything is wonderful here.
dude approve'd
Bigger is better. Giant disc-like cookies. Doughy on the inside, chock-full of goodness. It's like hitting the jackpot. On your birthday. With rainbows and butterflies and all things nice. Bring along a jug of milk, buy cookies, and indulge. You may think you want to share. But really, you don't.   How to justify Levain cookies: It's like all your daily food groups in one go: - Fruits/veggies: raisins in Oatmeal Raisin - Dairy: butter; chocolate in Chocolate Chip Walnut and Chocolate Chocolate. - Oils and fats: butter - Protein: eggs, peanut butter in Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter - Carbohydrates: Flour All in all - a well-balanced meal!!
HOLY. FREAKING. MOLY. The dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie I ordered here was, hands down, the best cookie I have ever had in my entire life. If you would even call it a cookie... It was more like a brownie mixed with a cookie mixed with love mixed with... heaven. I was in Manhattan on vacation and my boyfriend and I came here because he had heard all the hype, and let me just say... the hype he had heard was not even 1/4 of enough to prepare me for how delicious this cookie was. I'm literally trying to keep myself from drooling while I write about this... Do you deliver to Cali, Levain? Hmm... If not... Manhattan vacation every 2 weeks, here I come! I'll be broke, but at least I'll get my Levain Bakery cookie fix. lol. :D YUM!!!
THE MASSIVE GIANT COOKIES...GET THEM!!! Just adding to the giant cookie love.  And when you get there for the first time and just can't seem to find where the cookies are, they're there.  They just look like cakes.  But SOOOOO GOOD!!
These are the best chocolate chip cookies/scones i have ever had.  They always seem to be warm and gooey. I started with the chocolate chip ones, but now have opted to just get one of each flavor whenever I take the time to head over here.
How to make a Levain cookie at home: 1. Make some cookie dough. Add extra sugar. Don't worry about other flavors; extreme sweetness is the only flavor you need. 2. Roll your dough into a big ball. 3. Stick your ball of dough in the oven, but be careful -- you don't want it to cook all the way through! Make sure it stays raw on the inside. 4. Voila! There you go: one sweet, semi-cooked ball of cookie dough. Congratulations. If you're the kind of person who buys tins of raw cookie dough at the supermarket and eats it with a spoon, I'm sure you'll be thrilled. If you're the kind of person who likes subtle sweetness, crispy edges, and cooked dough, look elsewhere. This place does make the whole street smell good, though.
lets Just say i almost cried once i finished. if God created chocolate chip walnut cookie, this would be it. Wait He Did  I live a few blocks away  on the UWS and no matter when I pop in, it seems I can get a warm, gooey centered cookie.  They're not cheap at $4 a pop, but the cookie is big enough to share.
It is the best cookie... Wait edible thingy on this PLANET!!!!
This is not an earth shattering review. This is mostly an affirmation of what a thousand others already said, this is the best cookie I have devoured. With the reviews from here, I had expectations (contrary to my belief of having no expectations since it's better to be surprised rather than be disappointed). Preconceived expectations were shattered and exceeded. Thank you Levain!
Hands down best banana chocolate bread !!!   Must try Great cookies
Most delicious, rich cookies I've ever had in ma life. The texture was on point, a bit crunchy on the outside and gooey and soft on the inside. Chocolate chip walnut cookie made me so happy, I smiled with each bite! This is the dream that all cookie lovers ever dreamed of. I can eat this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The inside is amazing, I can't stop! IT FEELS SO GOOD!!
They have cookies that are brownies with a crispy exterior. At first, I thought I got two lemons when they handed me a bag of hard cookies that were cold and don't break apart easily (I saw him take it straight from the cooling rack, though). But when I got home I cut them in half and put them in the oven for literally 2 minutes. Out came 2 miracles: now THIS is what I wanted! NOW it is as ooey gooey as the other people say. This wins the world cup for big chewy chunky melty mmmm. Next time though, I'll ask for cookies that are fresh from the oven, and not cold. $3.75 yes that's pricey for a cookie but it's more like $3.75 for two cookies that got stuck together. OK? They are huge. Chocolate chip walnut and dark chocolate peanut butter seemed to be the most popular, and they haven't failed me. When I got home, I was amused by the webcam pictures of myself that I accidentally found up on their website.
The BEST chocolate chip/walnut cookie I ever had!!!!! It's a tiny, quaint and charming artisan bakery in the Upper West Side.. definitely worth visiting!! I can't wait to go back!!
The cookies here are more famous for being big than for being delicious and I think that's sort of unfair because they are goddamn good!  They're fresh, warm, gooey, soft, doughy, and just incredible.  My boyfriend and I split the walnut chocolate chip and it was _almost_ too much for both of us. The $3.75 price tag seemed like a steal for the amount and quality of the cookie.
Best Cookies Ever.  Each one is like a cannonball of dough.  The most expensive and best cookie you will ever have.  An UWS institution.  Makes for a great gift, sure to bring smiles to everyone.  Bring to your office, be a hero. As a runner up - Mrs. Fields has mastered the chocolate chip cookie.  They are awesome, and can be found in various parts of town.
not fair. it's not fair how good these are. dreams, haunted. tastebuds, ruined. FOREVER. FUCK! I need to figure out how to make these. ----------------------------------------------- sampled: oatmeal raisin. finished: chocolate chip walnut, double chocolate, chocolate peanut butter. P.S. if the line is long don't freak because it moves fast.
My sister has been on the hunt for the "best chocolate chip cookie in the world" for the past few years.  The minute I took her to Levain Bakery and she tasted their walnut chocolate chip cookie, she declared a winner.
Best cookies in the world!  Crunchy on the outside, gooey on the inside (even hours after you purchase them).  They are quite filling so it may be good to buy a few different flavors and share.  Chocolate Chip Walnut are my favorite.
My review will probably get lost among the 1000 plus reviews that are already here- but I have to give it 5 stars for the amazingness that is levain bakery. When I first moved to NYC, a friend of mine recommended it to me, insisting it was THE best. Doubtful, since I don't usually love cookies- I still ventured to give it a try. The chocolate walnut is seriously the THE best, and I went back 4 times in my first 2 weeks of moving out here from California (ok in my defense, one of the four was for a gift!)
Best cookies that I've ever eaten. I do not say this lightly. My favorite is the Chocolate chip walnut. I've also gotten their breads-- sour dough and raisin walnut. So good!
The chocolate chip cookie with walnuts is really out of this world, as I am sure many others have said; I was a good fiance and brought mine home to share. Well worth a visit.
DARK CHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER CHIP COOKIE Is this the best cookie I've ever had? Yes, this is the best cookie I've ever had. Actually, it's more like two or three cookies smushed into one. And it's not that pricey considering the amount of deliciousness per serving. Sure, each cookies packs an estimated 800-900 calories, but let's forget about that for today. If you like cookies, sweets, or just living in general, you must try the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookie immediately.
These are by far THE BEST cookies I have ever had. Ever.  Seriously. I have tried all four of their cookies and my favorite is the chocolate chip, walnut variety. It has just the right sweetness and isn't cloying over the top. The others are equally as amazing, such as the chocolate peanut butter, but after two bites I am overwhelmed by the richness. Each cookie Is a whopping $4 but worth every penny.  Also, one cookie can easily be split by 3 people. But realistically, you're going to want one all for yourself. As a baker myself, I can appreciate a delicious cookie. These are crispy on the outside and flaky and gooey on the inside- a textural treasure trove that gets all the best qualities one wants in a cookie.   If Michelin stars were given out to bakeries it would get 3 stars. GO and get one now!
We saw this as many have on the Food Network and had to pick up two cookies on our way back to Boston.  They were very sweet behind the counter and the coffee was good. We thought the cookies would survive our trip but we started eating them halfway through Connecticut :).  The chocolate walnut one was my husband's favorite, not overly sweet.  I favored the double chocolate one... Fascinating texture with crunchy outside and molten inside (not undercooked or raw as some critics have mentioned). Alas, as with some things that are hyped this one just didn't live up to our expectations.. It wasn't earthshaking, a great cookie that is one of the best but not the best cookie we've had.   A great first visit that we won't be repeating...
4 dollar boulder sized cookies. Kind of expensive, but it's really like getting three cookies in one? So just don't eat it all in one bite. Unless you like obesity on your person.
Man o Man.  Delicious cookies.  When I saw them, they were so huge and kind of freakish and I was skeptical, but I've been breaking pieces off the huge chocolate chip walnut puck throught the day.  Levain has invented an all day cookie, cooked medium rare.  Nicely done on the outside and a bit underdone, the equivalent of just a little pink, on the inside.  Their bread also looks good, but except for revelling a bit too much in their own press clippings (posted all around) this is a refreshingly low key place.  I like that it's in the basement actually.  It's just a bakery, not some cutesy other sort of thing.  I also had a piece of artichoke gruyere pizza which was really hard and crusty and hit the spot.
Been to Levain Bakery many times and the cookies are amazing.  Cookie is kind of an understatement, because the thing is so dense and big but wonderfully chewy and soft in the middle.  The experience comes with a price, $4 for a cookie is stiff, but well worth it for a treat.
One of my favorite bakeries in NYC
First time going here I had the BEST chocolate chip cookie of my LIFE!!! It was absolutely decedant! The outside was firm and toasty and the inside was a warm gooey piece of heaven, with melted chocolate chips from the warmth of it!! The reason I only gave 4 stars, is I wend there a second time and had the double chocolate peanut butter chip cookie, and it was cold, which is a huge bummer b/c the warmth of the first cookie was MAGIC.  Also, I felt that this cookie, I could taste and crunch down on the amount of granulated sugar in the batter.  Kind of bummed me out a little.
I came in closer to closing time and fortunately for me there wasn't a huge line, and it went by pretty quickly. I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie, and even though I don't really like walnuts it was simply amazing!!! I got another one to go and ate it at work the next day and it was almost as good as the fresh one I had at the store so definitely getting a few more next time I'm on the upper west side!
Levain Bakery is a small below street level shop that bakes up really tasty cookies. The cookies are more on the cake-ish side; they're moist, gooey and guilty. Given its small space and demand, the line can get long at times, but it tends to move pretty fast. Recommendation: Dark Chocolate Chip Cookie
4.5 stars from 888 reviews...how could you not try this place? If there is a better cookie on this planet, I've yet to have it.  These cookies are so good that I have to make a conscious effort NOT to come here.  If I came to Levain every time I got the urge for a large, perfectly cooked chocolate chip walnut cookie I would be about 300lbs.  It's a daily struggle.
You need to get yourself to Levain now.  Please.   Huge, gooey, delicious cookies are all I've ordered there so I can't speak for their other offerings.  The chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips - unbelievable.
While planning my weekend trip to NY, my roommate mentioned that I *NEED* to try Levain bakery.  OK sure.  I love good food, and i adore sweets.  Sold.  Then I was perusing the website and realized "hey, these ladies look familiar....wait a minute! I've seen that cookie before!"  After a bit of pondering, it came to me.  On one of my late-night tv stretches, I caught a rerun of Throwdown where these very ladies were schooling Bobby Flay in the art of cookie-baking.   I thought i wanted to go before, but now i HAD to go. Ran in on a rainy Saturday night (last night), and although they were 30 minutes to closing, they had every variety of cookie fresh out of the oven.  So i got one of each...ok i got several of each.  yes, at $4 a pop, they're pricey. but they are HUGE and smelled so delicious, I couldn't help myself.  Plus, things like this make great "I was in NY for a quick trip and thought of you" gifts.   Of course, I had to sample each...you know, for quality control before I gift these tasty delights to my boss. Had the chocolate chip walnut straight out of the oven and it was delicious.  The outside was crispy and crunchy, and the inside was gooey and melty with chocolate. The others I had to sample the day-after (today), and thus they were not warm.  However, they were all still very moist and had not dried out at all.  The chocolate peanut butter was OK but I think it would have benefited from a zap in the microwave or a pop in the over for a few seconds to get the chips melty.  Also, the chocolate cookie reminded me more of a brownie on the inside than a cookie, as they're pretty dense. The double chocolate was a bit too much on the chocolate front, but that's a personal preference. The oatmeal raisin was very delicious and moist, and actually was very tasty even at room-temperature. Bonus points to the ladies behind the counter who were so incredibly accommodating to my request to double-bag the cookies in the wax bags, then put the bags in boxes, then put the boxes in plastic bags.  It was pouring that night and I had to make a long trip back to boston the next evening and I wanted to preserve the integrity of the cookie for consumption in its intended form! A+ Levain.  No wonder Bobby Flay got his @$$ handed to him on this one.
Imagine is a cookie and brownie had a kid, and that kid was on steroids. I don't typically take in sweets, but my wife was dying to try this place, so we went. The cookies are FRIGGIN HUGE!!! Heavy and thick! I took a bite, and I must say that it was quite delicious. If you like cookies/brownies, this is a great spot.
Just had to add my 5 stars.  Came here with a friend today and we were both in cookie heaven.  We split our cookies - one chocolate chocolate chip, and one choco chip with walnuts.  Both were still  slightly warm in the middle and the chocolate chips were all melty on the inside.  These were exactly how cookies should taste.  Make sure to eat them with some milk.  Mmmmmmmm - perfection!  Can't wait to come back and try the other flavors.  If you even so much as sorta like cookies, you MUST GO NOW to Levain!
This place is small. This place is packed. This place often runs out of what I like best over there: the brioche. Despite its fame for its crunchy and melting chocolate and nuts delicious cookies, its brioche made out of fresh levain (yeast) will make you remember your breakfasts and your 4pm afternoon coffee/tea breaks...
So awesome, but sort of makes me want to die when I think of how unhealthy these cookies must be.  I know that the owners started baking them to support their super athletic forays, but for those of us who find it hard just to get on the subway to go on up to 74th street, they must be just awful.  But honestly, they're so worth it.
It great. A bit expensive but worth the guarantee that good. Then you must try. Yummm I love it
There are 4 different kinds of cookies: chocolate chip walnut, dark chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin and peanut butter. I wish they had a plain chocolate chip because I don't like nuts in my cookies. I opted for the dark chocolate chip and it is out of this world. It's impossible to pick it up with your fingers, so enjoy with a fork or spoon. It's a whole lot of cookie so split it with a friend or save for later. The place is really tiny and has limited seating so take your treats to go.
Im obsessed! I come all the way from uptown and the bronx just for a chocolate chip walnut cookie! Hey hey I see that look you're giving me! Don't judge me! I saw the reviews and thought... Oh, just another overrated manhattan cookie place? Boy its worth the hype! Its always the same taste and gewy consistency! And sooooo perfect! I like the super simple menu! Theres like 5 choices. I do think $4 is a bit much. $3 would be more reasonable. But hell if it keeps them in business I am for it!
This place is dangerous. These are some of the tastiest  ahem... and most fattening cookies I have ever had. They are rich and buttery,  slightly crisp on the outside, soft on the inside with a nice cookie dough surprise center. I like a simple cookie, so Chocolate Chip Walnut was my choice. It was fab. Chock full of melty chips and walnut halves. My friend got the Double Chocolate. It tasted like brownie batter encased in a lovely cookie shell. Very good but a little too rich. I'm not even sure the most daring of chocolate lovers could handle more than a few bites. One thing is for sure... gluttony and Levain do not equal a winning combination. Save your tummy the heartache, and don't eat the whole thing. Share the Levain love with someone else, or save half for later.
Lookin for a sweet treat while on the Upper West Side, this is it. $4+ for a cookie seem absurd?  Waiting in line for 20 min in the cold for a cookie seem absurd?  Not when you bite into it. The chewiest, sweetest, freshest cookie you may ever have. Its a tiny storefront, barely the same size inside, just walk in, order, & split.  And you will not be sorry. We got the choco chip & walnut + the choco peanut butter chip. Both highly recommended. Just make sure you've got something else in your stomach or you will get an instant sugar rush. Do it!
Since seeing this place on Bobby Flay's Throwdown, I've wanted to try it. Walking down the street (from any direction), you can't help but be enticed by the sweet smell of fresh, baked cookies. Once you arrive at Levain, you'll see a crowd of cookie eaters on the street, holding their white colored, waxed bags, breaking off pieces from their monstrous 6 oz. cookie. Simply enter the stair case down to the bakery and make your order from any of the following four: -chocolate chip walnut: adequate amount of bits of walnuts and semi-sweet (?) chips...not too sweet, but not too bland -dark chocolate covered chip: softest and sweetest one of the bunch; taste reminds me more of a chocolate brownie than cookie -oatmeal raisin: the heartier one of the bunch and less sweet than the others -dark chocolate peanut butter chip: more peanut butter flavored than dark chocolate When you buy the cookies ($4/each), they are fresh, warm and I love how the edges are crunchy and slightly toasted; the inside is soft, chewy and the chips are slightly gooey. The only qualm I have is the cost...$4 for 1 cookie? I think that's pretty steep. The cookies are tasteful and filling, but I don't think I would willingly give up $4 for it.
I'm a huge fan of anything chocolate and the Double Chocolate Chip at Levain is possibly the second best cookie I've ever had besides my Grandmother's secret cookie which I think has booze in it. When I had my first bite today I almost wanted to let out a loud moan on the corner of 74th and Amsterdam. The only reason why they're not 5 stars is the $4 price tag.
I was totally skeptical about all my friends raving about a simple thing such as a cookie.  Let me tell you, it's not your normal cookie..it's like a heart  attack in a pile.  The cookie (chocolate peanut butter) is possibly the best cookie I've had in my life and this place has yet to disappoint friends that I bring here!  Well worth the trip!
While the cookies are pricey ($4 each), they are worth every single penny. Don't be afraid of the line - it moves really quickly! As a self-proclaimed chocolate chip cookie conoisseur, I can easily say that Levain's chocolate chip walnut cookie is the best I've ever had. The cookie was warm but not straight out of the oven, so it didn't completely collapse on me when I broke off a piece. I'm not joking when I say that this cookie lasted me a few hours. I wouldn't have been able to move had I ate it in one sitting. Try the peanut butter chocolate as well!
Levain chocolate chip walnut cookie, I love you. But have you been losing weight? I seem to recall you being heftier when you first appeared in my life. Either way, you're perfect just the way you are. All warm and nonjudgmental and who loves me even when I'm hungover with no makeup on. I want to grow old with you. Don't ever change.
THE BEST COOKIE EVER. Extremely nice people as well.
Ohmahgawd. This is the best cookie ever! I've made the trek out to levain each time I've been to New York. It's one of the stops on my eat list. This place is just a small bakery with little seating and no space, like everything else in New York. There is always a line so be prepared to wait at least 15-20 minutes. The cookies are not your typical chocolate chip but huge mounds of perfectly sweet crunchy, crispy but soft and gooey center cookies. It really has the texture of a scone. Definitely get oatmeal raisin and the chocolate chip. Both are bomb! You can also order online for a crazy price, but if you are desperately craving it or have a massive wealth to waste then check it out!
This past weekend, while on vacation in NYC, I was urged by our daughter to try one of her favorite New York gems, Levain Bakery. We had just finished a delicious, healthy brunch at the vegan Peacefood Cafe (excellent, by the way), so we figured we'd earned the right to dirty up our insides with a worthwhile indulgence. As we rounded the corner and saw the small line of customers creeping out the small door of the small storefront, we realized that we were in good company. A few steps later, we entered the reach of the sublime, arresting aroma that emanates from Levain. Somehow my nose knew that it wasn't just chocolate dancing in the air, it was warm, gooey, molten chocolate, and I was already thanking my daughter as we joined the line. When I caught a glimpse into Levain, I was reminded of the Seinfeld Soup Nazi episodes. The layout is similar, as is the constant, unidirectional circular flow of customers. You enter single file, approach the counter, place your order, slide and pay, just like at the Soup Nazi's establishment, but here, everyone in the room was smiling and happy. We followed the unwritten protocol and made our way to the counter. Our daughter ordered her favorites for us, and my mother-in-law paid. Things were going great, and about to get better. We managed to get enough space in the very limited seating area (I think there is room for 4 to sit on stools, and another 1 or 2 to stand). We grabbed some napkins and spread out our bounty: a chocolate chip brioche, a chocolate chip walnut, and a dark chocolate peanut butter chip. To be honest, my first bite -- the chocolate chip brioche -- was pretty good, though my eyes and nose were anticipating greatness. But I'm glad I started there, because I needed a little separation from the day's vegan beginnings. Now onto the main event. My moment of truth. The cookies. And although we had two different cookie selections, I'm going to review them as one. Everyone has his or her preferences for flavors, so just as I may like dark chocolate or you may like peanut butter, there is no right or wrong. What Levain Bakery achieves in the preparation, baking and presentation of their cookies is just spectacular. The diameter of their cookies is the only thing about them that is typical. They are not disks, like most cookies out there. These are asymmetrical heaps. Masses. Globs. Mounds of warm, intoxicating delicacy that singularly raise the bar for all of cookiedom. They have a nice crispness on the bottom and at all of the various exterior peaks and protrusions. And that crispness conceals the most marvelous quality of all. Inside the cookie awaits a perplexing and elevating core that is reminiscent of cookie dough in taste and texture (and I genuinely mean that in a very good way), yet it is warm, coaxing its buried chips to ooze and glisten at each bite mark. The texture, the temperature and the taste are each as good as I can imagine. The judicious blend of ingredients is spot on. The peanut butter chips are ample and not too peanut buttery. The walnuts add texture but do not dominate. It all works, and it all tastes -- and feels -- very good. If these cookies are served to me after I pass on to the next life or realm or whatever, I'll know I've died and gone to heaven.
"Ode to the cookie" That's what this review should be called. I heard about Levain on the Food Network when one of the guests and the cameraman (yes, the cameraman), couldn't stop raving about how good these cookies were. Living in NC, and not having been to NY for nearly 20 years, I didn't think I would get to try these anytime soon. Fast forward 3 months, and guess what one spot I made sure to visit while in the big city? You'll be able to find Levain by looking for the line of people out the door. When I arrived, I'd say there were 20 people lined up. It's a small shop, you need to walk down a flight of stairs to get inside, and there is no seating. This is a bakery in the purest sense of the word. Inside you can see the trays of cookie dough spread on racks, waiting to be baked. People hustle back and forth, whether its putting cookies in the oven or customers looping through the steady line to order. There are several cookie versions to choose from, and for me I tried the peanut butter chocolate chip, and the dark chocolate chip cookies. Wow! First, the cookies are the size of a person's fist. When breaking them open, its gooey on the inside, with the consistency of a brownie. The chips ooze out everywhere so you will need to grab some napkins (wiping your face on the bag is not cool, but I had to do it). How good are the cookies? Even the next day, after sitting in the car during the winter, the cookies were still amazing. This is the peak, as good as it gets. Welcome to cookie heaven.
If I lived on the UWS I would probably be 400lbs because I love these cookies so much.  I think each cookie weighs about 10lbs and are they freakin good.  They sell four cookies (oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip, chocolate walnut and dark chocolate peanut butter chip) and they are hands down (sorry nana) the best cookies you will eat.  You can smell the cookies from blocks away.   When you bite into a chocolate chip they chips are nice and gooey and all I want is nice glass of cold milk to go with them.  They rock!
I had heard so many amazing things about the cookies at Levain and though they were definitely good, they actually somehow fell a good deal short of my expectations.  The chocolate chip walnut was warm and gooey, but there was just something missing to it.  I'm not the biggest fan of walnuts either, so that didn't help the cookie's case I'm sure XD  As for the dark chocolate chip, it's indeed a chocolate explosion in your mouth but there's still that something missing.   The dark chocolate peanut butter, on the other hand, totally sucked.  The peanut butter chips tasted really off and neither my friend nor I wanted to finish our halves...
Yep, no doubt those chocolate walnut cookies are the G.O.A.T, and I don't know if I can add to what has already been said,.... but I want to talk about the oatmeal raisin SCONE.   This thing has an amazing deep buttery richness unmatched in the scone world, and the golden raisins are weaved in perfectly.  Do not under any circumstances come to this place and not get one of these scones, they are a must order along with the cookie.
huge, ginormous, $3.75 cookie. made to share, or you might get a heart attack from all the delicious butter. chocolate chip walnut. soft and chewy in the middle. simply delicious.... gooey..... fingers get all chocolatey. need napkins and water. drool. this place is a little hidden. kids would never find it. :)
After reading all the great reviews, I certainly had high expectations- I took the subway from Times Square just to try their cookies. I bought the Chocolate Chip Walnut and a Double Chocolate. Excellent cookie, but not fantastic. I've had better (my fav' may be Bouchon). And at $4, I'd not recommend anyone make a special treat (but, I'll add that the $4 gets you a huge cookie). This is probably a 3.5. But as my expectations were high, I'm rounding down.
I came here after reading about "NYC's Best Cookies"...and I completely agree!  Whereas they are a tad expensive ($3.75 per cookie) and there are only 4 options, it truly won me over.  It's a hole in the wall so you really have to know where you're going.  I got a choc chip walnut (their number one cookie) and a dark choc peanut butter chip (they also have dark choc choc chip and oatmeal raisin).  Both were SO GOOD.  They are huge (big enough to share) and best of all - served warm!  Not really any space to eat inside, just a few stools.  I brought mine home and was really glad to have a glass of milk handy!  I definitely plan on stopping by any time I'm in the area.
At first I was surprised to pay $4 for a cookie. Then the lady goes over to one of the cooling racks and picks up a massive mountain of a fresh of out the oven chocolate walnut cookie, and I'm like 'Whoa' Still warm in the glassine bag, I break of a small piece and it's is by far the definition of decadence. My mouth screams for a glass of ice cold milk. It takes me two days, and three portions to actually finish just one cookie, and each bite was better than the one before. Definitely the best $4 spent on a cookie.
Find me a better cookie and then we can talk. Enough said..... Favorites: Chocolate Chip Walnut Oatmeal Raisin Price: $4 a cookie Fact: Each cookie equates to about 3 regular size cookies Location: Hole in the wall, you will probably walk by it the first time. The awning is blue and it can fit about 6 people inside.   Enjoy your cookie(s)
These cookies are no joke, and worth waiting in line for. While the Chocolate Chip Walnut may be their most popular flavor, if you're a chocolate lover you MUST try the Dark Chocolate Chip. The cookies are slightly crispy on the outside and perfectly ooey and gooey in the middle. Always a crowd favorite to take out of town guests to. Never disappoints!
I can't believe I made a trek to the Upper west side just for cookies.  They're not just ordinary cookies; at $4 each, it better not be.  There is a line and while you're waiting, the smell alone kills you as you salivate for the anticipation of the sweetness ahead. Your reward? You're treated to a warm, gooey, flaky, buttery, moist, chewy, crunchy, and gigantic cookie for those who patiently wait. Am I missing any more adjectives? I tried the chocolate and the oatmeal raisin and I couldn't finish it in 1 sitting; I actually had to save it for later and even then, the cookie still retained its freshness and softness (must be the generous amount of butter). Love at first bite? Quite possibly.  Just don't count the calories. You know what they say about big cookies? Big calories.
I died and went to cookie heaven. $4 for a piece of heaven? anytime.
Don't be tricked by the under-decorated bakery because their cookies are amazing, especially the chocolate chip walnut! For me, the Chocolate Chip Walnut ($4) was better than Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Cookie ($4). The chocolate chip walnut cookie blew me away! It's huge, perfect for sharing (or just yourself when you realize how delicious it is). Crispy on the outside, but gooey and soft on the inside, filled with just the right amount of melted chocolate and walnuts. I don't know what happened to the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie, but the texture was not that great, and it wasn't gooey. Don't be surprised if there's a line! I was shocked to see that there was a 5-minute wait on a Sunday afternoon. There's a small seating bar area, but most people brought their cookie to go. I wouldn't wait to eat it though because it is best when fresh out of the oven.
This place has probably some of the best store bought cookies I've had. I wish they had a plain chocolate chip cookie rather than one with walnuts but it was so good, soft, fluffy and fresh that I got over it. They're huge cookies that are served warm. They only have four flavors - wish there were more options but it's ok cause what they offer is A+. Make sure to grab a milk and you'll be set to go. Yum!
OMG OMG! That chocolate cookie with peanut butter chunks is SO GOOD!!! Seriously though it's huge and I'd recommend either sharing it with someone or eating it across a longer time period, or else you're bound to either 1) get a food coma or 2) get a heart attack :P
Not your typical cookie, and that's a great thing! The consistency is more like a scone in my opinion, but don't get me wrong these things are delicious!!! Its hard to see from the photo's but each cookie is about the size of a small fist. Definitely a healthy portion for the price.
Heaven on earth!  The best cookies I've ever had in my entire life!  And I'm not even a sweets kind a girl!  This place is a must!  If you're an out-of-towner, stock up before you get back and realize how desperately you want another.  So much so, that you would give anything to just have one more taste of a Levain cookie; that you would send a map along with instructions on which ones and how many to every person you know that's traveling to NYC in hopes of them bringing some back to you; that you would actually consider spending the obscene $66+shipping to have a dozen sent across country to you.  Ok, only a crazy person would do that but hey, Levain cookies make people do crazy things!  Even me...
I'm a walker and live in mid-town on the East Side. For several years, my walking companion and I treat ourselves about twice a year to a xtown early a.m. trek to get to Levain Bakery shortly after it opens to buy a cookie and a scone. the anticipation and excitement..... my favorite cookie in the whole world is oatmeal raisin. and yours is the best I've ever tasted, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside - UNTIL the last 2 visits, when my cookie was under baked. the center of cookie was still uncooked dough, which I remedied by baking @ 350º for about 10 min. the scones also could have used a little more time in the oven. if your output wasn't so seriously delicious, wouldn't bother with this review. but you've got a good thing going and so wanted to share with you how my cookies crumbled.
YUM. I love when people come visit me because I have an excuse to come here with them....and then eat nothing else for the rest of the day. I always get the oatmeal raisin cookie/scone but the chocolate peanut butter is a close second. The lines are kind of crazy sometimes (apparently I like waiting in lines) but they go by relatively fast. It helps to know what you want before you get to the front. There's not much seating but pretty sure you can walk while you eat a cookie.. Oh you can ask them to warm up the cookies for you too!
Chocolate chip walnut cookie was so big and delicious.  There was a line out the door, but it moved quick and staff were friendly.
I was a little turned off by the $4 sign for their cookies at first until I see how big they are. The store is so small and they only offer a few cookie options. However, it is probably one of the best cookies I have ever had. They come warm, chewy, and buttery! I got the oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip with walnut cookie and they are to die for. I said get both and taste them for a week. I still have some left from this weekend but I am savoring them day by day. This has become my new favorite cookie spot.
DELICIOUS! I flew all the way from California for their famous cookies, and it was worth it!  At first I couldn't believe the sizes, they were HUGE.  It was $4 a piece and worth every penny.  Chocolate chip cookie is my all time favorite, their cookie is sort of chunky and crisp & soft at the same time.  Sweet and delicious, especially the melting chocolate in it, yum!! My friend ordered their peanut butter chip, fresh out of oven, unfortunately it was too gooey and the dough was not fully baked, the staff was happy to change it for her free of charge.  I highly recommend this place for all the cookie lovers out there!
I REALLY want to cuss on this forum right now... but I'll * it out.   This is one F***ing AWESOME cookie.   It is a cookone... a scookie.  A scone + cookie.  Big, somewhat crispy on the outside, and buttery textured deliciousness on the inside.  It really is the BEST cookie I've ever had (Doubletree's warm cookies have been trumped). I'd love to learn WHAT is in the cookie that allows for the ridiculous $4 price.  I mean, yes I bought 6 giant cookies to bring back to Miami (3 are already gone, and I'm still in Montreal... on my way back).   My girlfriend spotted this place on The Best Thing I Ever Ate... I CONCUR!  It really is amazing.   Go out of your way to get there, up on 74th and Amsterdam Ave.  I drove my rental car like a taxi cab, and somehow managed to get there at 6:56pm -- right before it closes!
Best cookies ever! We get them every year for thanksgiving and any time we are in charge of dessert. At $4 a cookie, they are huge and I think worth it. I prefer the choc chip and walnuts and the chocolate chip peanut butter.
I had the chocolate chip walnut cookie, and it was amazing!!! The ooey gooey center was perfection. It was still warm, the chocolate was melting, and it was delicious. Although it was very large, And could've been split easily, I enjoyed the whole cookie by myself. Of course that's a lot of calories, But I enjoyed every bite. I would recommend this to everyone I know!!!!
went for my yearly visit to THE cookie shop. i decided that these cookies are in the top 3 of the best things i've ever eaten. so sweet and buttery that i had a tummy ache on the way home. if loving these cookies is wrong, i don't want to be right. i always get the chocolate with chocolate chip. next year, i'm going to get half chocolate chocolate and half chocolate chip walnut. i am really tempted to eat sweets on a daily basis and then i think... will it be as good as a Levain cookie? sadly no. so I save the calories. unitl next year, Levain, I dream of you.
This is not for kids.  The only place adults should 'two fist it"!  OMG, the cookies are like little dumbells.
I am a New Yorker  and I came to the Levain Bakery through a friend of a friend who was visiting from Washington, D.C.   I am a HUGE fan of dark chocolate so my first impulse was to buy the dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie.  OMG!  $4 for a huge cookie that can be shared by two or four people.  Moist, gooey and chocolatey!     It was absolute and complete decadence! Will definitely return for more!!!
Amazing chocolate chip walnut cookie! This cookie is always perfect. Just the right amount of soft and gooey. I love the chocolate Brioche. It's the best brioche I have ever had. Amazing neighborhood bakery, but definitely worth the trip from any neighborhood! There is usually a line but it moves pretty quickly. There is usually a line but it moves quickly
No long drawn out review needed. One of the best damn cookies I've had in my life. Would have taken a picture, but as soon as I opened that bag I blacked out and apparently turned into a Tasmanian devil because chocolate was EVERYWHERE when I came to.
My usual experience here is as follows:  Try not to hit head on door as you walk down into the bakery.  Wipe drool from mouth as the smells intoxicate you.  Eyes become as wide as cookies, Purchase cookies.  Try not to hit head on doorway on the way out....proceed directly to SUGAR COMA BLISS!!!!  I LOVE THESE COOKIES.  This is the place cookie monster would think that it is heaven.   At $3.75 a piece and rarely finishing one at one sitting, I think it is a great deal.  It is a multi-serving dessert or snack or meal if you please. I usually get a chocolate chip walnut and a dark chocolate peanutbutter chip to satisfy my craving for a few days or hours.   The team behind Levain certainly has made this my favorite cookie.  And I have had the pleasure of converting many of my friends to addicts as well.  The other offerings such as the brioche and other baked items have always been delicious the few times I have gotten them, but I mainly go for the cookies.  Who doesn't like a soft ball sizish cookie.
The cookies are just redonkeylous... HUGE and so delicious. If you are ever uptown (which I never am unless I am seeing a concert at the Beacon Theatre) and need a snack... yea go here.
Big and delicious. One cookie was $4 and made a for filling breakfast/snack.  Aside from the buttery goodness.  The secret is that for such a big cookie, there was a structurally solid outside and soft/chewy inside.  I started off with the choc chip walnut - the nuts were still crisp and did not have that flakey residual.  The peanut butter chips held form too.  These cookies are good for tearing a piece off and taking bite on the run. My friends and I used 1 quart of milk for 4 cookies to give you a milk to cookie ratio.  A cookie is still a cookie so I recommend eating ASAP.
This is the place that becomes you're go-to cookie place. Whenever I go to the the natural history museum I always remember this place. It's a hidden gem that's polished to the highest shine. The cookies are extremely wonderful, and the bread is great too. I really love this place.
Marvelous chunky Chocolatey chewiness Best. Cookies. Ever. I used to live a block away from Levain and for the life of me, don't understand why I didn't visit more often. I now live farther away and tried it for the first time a couple of weeks ago. My goodness, their cookies are like manna from heaven. Normally, big chunky cookies make me ill as they contain ridiculous amounts of butter. However, the recipe was created by two superstar triathletes who wanted a fun way to carboload. Being a runner, that really, really appealed to me. I was somewhat skeptical at first, but after a few bites of their chocolate chip walnut, I was hooked. I would recommend going there early to get a fresh batch and eat your cookie with milk! Seriously good eats!
GO, it's a must. I have only had the cookies from here, but that alone is enough to  make you want to go. The cookies are huge, decadent, and served warm so they are nice and gooey. I would recommend eating immediately so they are warm. They are still amazing when they cool off but become more crumbly and hard. Happy I live across town from here otherwise I would be heavier and poorer
Cookies with a biscuit like texture. For the cookie-dough lovers, these hit the spot too! And the cookies were like lifting bricks. Outstanding.
The best dark chocolate peanut butter cookie I have ever put in my mouth!!
Every time I go to NY, I try to stop here.  Actually, it may be the reason I actually come up to New York.   There is a reason why these cookies are famous and Oprah giving the audience some when she still had her show.  It is freaking delicious.  I mean look at the pictures. Yes, they are big. Yes, they are delicious. Yes, they are still warm. Yes, I get all four cookies every time I am there. Sometime there is a line, but you do not have to wait long.  Actually, every time I have visited LeVain Bakery, I only waited in line once.  There is a line because when people buy a lot, which is everyone, they pack it in boxes very nicely.  When you go in there, the smell is hypnotizing... so beware. Great. Now I want some and I have to go all the way up to NY. Why are you still reading this? GO THERE NOW
This is, without a doubt, my favorite dessert place in the entire city. Even when the line is out the door, it makes the anticipation even greater, and when I finally approach the entrance and the smell of those gargantuan cookies washes over me in an awesome wave, I truly enter my happy place. Most people would scoff at a $4 cookie, but it's a bargain at Levain. They're so big and so rich that you might as well be getting 3 cookies for the price of one. I love the double chocolate chip and chocolate peanut butter ones. If I got them every time I visited my dad in the UWS, I'd easily be 20 pounds heavier, but as an occasional treat, it's impossible to beat. Unfortunately, it closes at 7 PM every day, well before I'm compelled to actually eat the cookie, but if there's any place where going in advance is worth the effort, it's this one. I try to spread the gospel of this place to everyone I meet who's new to the city, and everyone who has tried it has become a convert. These are the best cookies I've had in my entire 24 years on this planet, and that is not a hyperbolic statement, I promise.
Levain Bakery has the best cookies of all time! This is one of those places that I am hesitant to review, mainly because I want to keep its awesomeness to myself (almost!).  My favorite are the chocolate chip cookies- so moist and filling. They are a little pricey but SO worth it! Levain is tiny so you might as well grab your cookies and eat them outside before you get trampled by the line of people trying to get in.
I like soft chewy cookies with a crispy edge & the chocolate chocolate chip cookie is the best I've ever had. Never thought I'd pay $4 for 1 cookie but it's worth it. As good as they are, don't try to eat the whole cookie at once or you'll regret it lol
We were in the mood for something sweet .  I whipped out my Moto Droid to get to my Yelp app.  I find it so hard to walk into any establishment these days without seeing what other yelpers have to say.   Based on the 100s of good reviews for Levain we decided to go.  I wasn't expecting it to be tucked away below ground level.  I also didn't expect it to be tiny.  They have a no frills menu of only a handful of desserts.  The good news is....what they do offer is D E L I C I O U S.  The staff was warm and friendly.  We ordered a double chocolate and a double chocolate with peanut butter chips.  After we exited and found a spot to sit down and dig in we found out just how good the goods were.  I could not shut up about how heavenly the double chocolate "cookie" was.  It was good enough that I won't soon forget it and I will be back for more.
Levain is on the Yelp bucket list for a reason so get your butt to the Upper West side and try these cookies.  I had the chocolate chip walnut and it was everything a good cookie should be.  Clearly made from scratch with quality chocolate chips X 5.  The cookies are incredibly large (6 oz) so save your appetite.  I also had the iced coffee which was quality roast.  I would like to try their breads as they looked quite delicious.
I've since learned from my oatmeal cookie experience and only get the chocolate chip & walnuts cookie now.  It's phenomalicious. I bring all of my out of town friends here.  They die with envy that I live within walking distance!
They should open up a store in my area or, better yet, become nationwide.  I'm from Philly.  You from Philly?
The cookies are every bit as big as people say. It was really good. The best I ever had? no. But I hate to visit bakeries later in the afternoon, I feel like I'm not giving them a fair shot. You HAVE to try one though just based on the hype. You won't be dissapointed.
For those in a constant search for the best chocolate chip cookie, your search is over. The chocolate chip walnut cookie at Levain Bakery is thee cookie you've been waiting for your entire life.  Perfectly crispy on the outside, warm and deliciously gooey on the inside. For a cookie, $4.00 might seem like a hefty price. But for THEE cookie, it is a mere sum to pay for the celebration that will go on in your mouth. Levain Bakery is a definite staple in any future visit I make to NYC. These cookies deserve to be a part of your life.
As soon as I walked into Levain the smell of butter and fresh baked cookies was mouthwatering. I tried both the Chocolate Chip Walnut & Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip. With the first bite of the Chocolate Chip, I could taste the buttery goodness. The cookie isn't overly sweet and has the right amount of chocolate chips. The crust is perfectly brown and crunchy, I wasn't a big fan of the inside. I wish the cookies would be smaller so I would have more crust... I personally dislike the largeness of the cookies. The Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip was way too sweet for my taste, I wasn't a big fan. A couple bites was good enough for me. I would actually give them 3.5 stars.
Amazing! You have to make a stop and have one of their delicious cookies. It will most definitely make your day. Head on up and sit  on the bench. Don't hesitate taunting onlookers...they're just jealous. Seriously, try the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter. Do it.
There was a time where a bakery specialized in one thing. Either cakes, bread, or cookies. Like in the 50's...the local butcher shop, the local show cobbler....nowadays everyone tries to do too much of everything, with everything being mediocre. I was disenchanted, NAY, depressed! Then came this joyous, glorious, most magnificent establishment of the heavens. Endless trays of nothing but cookies. Cookies so delicious, they will be the wage of wars fought between nations. Mounds and pounds of these cookies with a scent so distinct that one may be titillated by the scent walking by on 74th st in the Upper West Side. Chocolate walnut, dark chocolate, peanut butter, oatmeal raisin. I tried all flavors, each equally delicious (although if I had a gun to my head I'd choose the chocolate walnut). And for $4 each, you'd think it's a rip off, but once you hold the large and in charge specimen and bite into it, you'll realize it's all worth it. Down to the last crumb. Thank you Levain, for restoring not just my faith in cookies, but also my faith in the local bakery!
Smelt great..but a huge line out the door..don't do lines. Especially for cookies! I'll be back on a weekday to try them
All I could say when I first laid eyes on the infamous Levain's cookie was "OH MY GOD" It's so massive and intimidating in person. I had first heard about Levain's food network's Bobby Flay's Throwdown. He lost. And deservedly so, since Levain's is the best cookie that I've ever had, my favorite cookie in NY! Despite it's massive size, the outside is crispy and the interior is soft and sumptuous. Yes that's right, SUMPTUOUS. Truly, amazing. There really are no other words to properly describe this cookie - you just need to try it! Even at the steep price of $4, this really is worth that and more.
Best cookies I have ever had.  Period.  Full Stop.  I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was utterly delectable.  Whatever cookie you order, the actual one you get is a freshly baked morsel that's still warm (not the ones in the display case) and smells of delicious butter.  The outside is crunchy perfection and the gooey inside just melts in your mouth (except for the walnuts - those you have to chew before they melt).  When you split the cookie open, the chocolate chips are still melting from the residual heat.  The cookies are ginormous large but so addictive that you can finish one in one-go.  Tip: be sure to have milk as the cookies are pretty sweet.  Do it.  Don't hesitate.
A couple of years ago a girl in one my art classes worked at Levain Bakery. It was a night class, with 15 or so people, and often people would bring snacks for everyone, which was generally awesome. The most awesome of these occasions was definitely when this girl, Emily, brought a box full of cookies from Levain. It was the first time I had eaten one of their behemoth cookies, and I was blown away. Emily thoughtfully quartered the cookies, so I was able to sample each of the four varieties without feeling too piggish. I couldn't believe how thick and delicious they all were, moist and only slightly chewy. I was in love. And let me tell you, it is incredibly difficult to try and listen to a teacher and contribute to class discussion when all you can think about is that box of delicious, soft, chocolatey cookies sitting in the middle of the table, calling out to you. It was all I could think about that evening! "Is it inappropriate to reach across the seminar table to try the oatmeal raisin when Professor Conlin is reminiscing about $300 rent in SoHo? Boy am I glad I'm sitting in the middle of the table; the ends are way too far from the cookies. Have I had too much cookie compared to all these skinny art students? I hope Emily wasn't planning on bringing any of these home to her roommates. Would it be weird to have just one more piece? WHY ISN'T ANYONE ELSE STILL EATING THESE AND HOW CAN I LEARN TO STOP?!!?" Uh, yeah, it was an intense experience. I think these cookies are the most delicious ones I've ever had, and I've never had one that was raw inside. The Levain cookie's height and texture is definitely ideal, but I do wish they were smaller so you could buy more than one flavor without having an obscene amount of cookie. Otherwise, five stars.
Worth the hike uptown! So good. Warm, gooey, crispy on the outside cookie goodness!
Simply the best cookies I have had at any bakery or restaurant in the U.S.  I make my own chocolate chip cookies, but this place blows anything I could possibly do away.  The cookies are giant, have great texture, are flavorful, and use creative combos of flavors.  And the people are nice and no-nonsense.
Darn...not what I expected. As I've seen on TV and in the pictures on Yelp, the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie was cold (not warm) and it was definitely not gooey on the inside. Ok, maybe I should have asked them to warm it up. However, the cookie was very delicious. Right now a huge cookie is $4 which is not bad. It was not too sweet nor to irritating to my mouth for being too chocolaty. It was a delicious cookie and I'm definitely going back. So, how do you guys get cookies with chocolate chips melted on the inside? What's the secret?
OMG when I think about these cookies, I cannot stop smiling ! I loooove cookies, it's almost an obsession, I've eaten lots of different cookies so you cannot fool me ! And these ones, you can maybe die from diabetes but who cares when the cookie brings you to heaven ! Try the chocolate chip walnut, a must !
These cookies are huge. They don't even look like cookies--they're like the size of a muffin or cupcake.  I trusted my fellow yelpers and got a a few cookies even though they don't look that amazing. I got the dark chocolate peanut butter chip, oatmeal raisin, and chocolate chip walnut. The cookies were awesome.  They were a little crunchy on top and moist in the center. The sweetness was just right and they were loaded with the chocolate chips/raisins. The oatmeal raisin was my favorite. I actually wish I got 3 of them instead of the other ones but I was never a huge fan of chocolate chip cookies to begin with.  I guess it worked out because I didn't have to share my oatmeal raisin with my significant other because he got two whole cookies all to himself.
Best cookies I have ever had in my life...there are no words to express the wonderful taste and texture that these cookies exude. We had the chocolate chip walnut and the chocolate peanut butter. This should be a 'must do' on every cookie lovers list. Trust me
This is just simply a small but cozy bakery where you can get since a morning coffe to a late snack. The dark chocolate and the walnut chocolate chip taste amazing. they're sweet and especially so soft when you chew them. That's what I like about it! I went there only once, so I hope to try more of its varieties such breads, cookies, etc
The.best.cookie.in.the.entire.world   I dare you to contradict me *throwing down gauntlet* Chocolate peanut butter I love thee...
ok soooo huge cookie- they use 6 oz of cookie dough. I tried the choc chip walnut and the chocolate peanut butter. They were both delish!! A bit expensive for a cookie $4- but worth a try. I also tried their iced coffee and that was also pretty good. They are super friendly there. PS- it looks like you are about to enter someones basement when you get there, but you are at the right spot. They have a few little seats inside where you can devour the cookie and its air conditioned!! If you are in the area, give this place a try!
Not much to say that hasn't been said... Best cookies I have ever had and everyone I shared them with just kept smiling with each bite.
One day, a girl met a chocolate chip cookie. She thought to herself, he's just a cookie. He can't be that special, he doesn't even look like my type. Well, she took one bite, and sparks flew dangerously everywhere. Immediately, she knew he was the one. And they lived happily ever after. The end.
Fantastic cookies, and best when warm so the insides are gooey. These cookies defy the laws of baking physics; I have been struggling to replicate them at home. I would have given this place 5 stars if not for the price. I understand that they use top-quality ingredients and their cookies are huge, but $4 a cookie is pushing it.
Hands down, the best cookies in Manhattan. A bit pricey ($4/cookie) but the cookies are large and can be shared easily. Oatmeal and chocolate chip is to die for.
This. Is. The. Best. Cookie. You. Will. Ever. Eat. True story. Tiny little shop that sells only a handful of items, the main item being their cookies. The most popular one is the Chocolate Chip Almond cookie. There is typically a lineup out the door and because the cookies keep selling, they are constantly freshly baked, warm and the chocolate is melted and gooey. The peanut butter chocolate is delicious too. My least favourite was the raisin oatmeal. You'll want a glass of milk or a coffee to have with this massive cookie. It looks like a cake. Please eat this cookie, you can thank me later. Ok bye.
Just ok. I mean, it's a great cookie, warm and big. But really NY? There's way too much hype surrounding this place and it led to a bit of a disappointment. Is it a good cookie? Sure! But is it worth travelling up to the upper west side? Eh.
Levain is one of those places that I always take people who are new to New York. Also, when I go home to California, this is the thing that all my friends want me to bring back. The chocolate chocolate/chocolate peanut butter ones are good but kind of crazy rich/dense. I love the walnut chocolate chip--not too sweet, perfectly gooey, and not for sharing.
This quaint little bakery is at the basement level of another store.  Since it isn't even at eye level it's easy to thoughtlessly pass it by until you smell the distinct aroma of cookies being baked and your nose suddenly forcing you to make a U-turn and leading you down a flight of stairs off the sidewalk. They offer about four different kinds of cookies but I only ordered a dark chocolate peanut butter chip cookie and a chocolate chip walnut cookie since they were nearly $4 a piece.  The cookies are massive and delectable.  Still good the next day too.
The famous cookies--I tried a double chocolate and a chocolate chip walnut. They were good, but mostly just HUGE. Nothing special as far as flavor and texture. I guess the hype had me expecting something different from anything I'd ever had before and this was not it. That said, it's a tasty enough cookie.
I've never lived... Until NOW!!!
i walked from the LES to the Upper West side for these cookies...and back again. all four of them were worth every bite. ...and now i understand oatmeal raisin cookies.
When it's rainy and cold outside I crave cookies.  When it's warm and sunny, I also crave cookies.  Num, num, num.  Bring your own milk and pop a squat on a stoop nearby.  Also, don't eat lunch for the next two days.
$4 a cookie is a little steep for me.  And to top it off, there isn't a place to sit in the shop to eat the cookies, so your choice is to huddle outside the doorway on the bench and eat, or take it to go.  Kind of ruins the feel of relaxing and eating a mega expensive cookie.
Just got back from NYC and the owners of the apartment we rented left a bag of these cookies in the kitchen for us.  They said they waited 45 minutes for them.  Needless to say, we were in NYC for a week and since Levain was right down the street, we got them four more times!  Fortunately, the long lines are mostly on the weekends and during the week you never have to wait that long...at least we didn't.  I even got one to eat on the plane on the way home.  Totally worth $4 since each cookie is like two or three normal cookies.  My favorite was the walnut chocolate chip.  Crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy in the center.  Cookies from  Levain Bakery are really the stuff that dreams are made of.
Having waited 30 min online on a Sunday morning, I greedily got 3 cookies. That's a whooping $12 just on cookies. But they were so worth it. I got: chocolate walnut, dark chocolate with peanut butter, and raisin oatmeal. My favorite was the oatmeal, just the right amount of sweetness. The other two were too sweet after a few bites but still yummy. Kudos to the staff on remaining cheerful and polite to every customer despite the never ending line. It's refreshing to see what customer services should be.
I'm not a cookie lover, however these fresh and delicious cookies are the best cookies I have ever tasted!!! Must go!
THE BEST cookies I have ever eaten!! The title belonged to Specialty's (in San Francisco, not sure if there are others out there) because they are baked on location with giant chunks of chocolate! but Levain has the title in my book now! We walked here after Central Park and grabbed the Chocolate Chip Walnut and Chocolate PB. Cookies before hooking up, cookies after (I imagine to be better than a cigarette), and cookies after dinner and a late night snack .. COOKIES. Still good no matter the time!
Hrmm. Not so much a fan. I really want to be after all these great reviews, but strangely, I like the cookies at Redeemer better. They're good, but just not as good as all this hype even though I want them so much to be just THAT good =[
Best Cookies EVER. If I could afford the calories and the cost, I'd come here daily. The smell lures me every time I go past (which is often). Oh Levain, you are so yummy. There are about four choices of cookies. They are huge and soft and gooey. Today, we ordered one dark chocolate chocolate chip and one dark chocolate peanut butter chip. The chocolate chocolate was our fav but the PB was super good too. The cookies are so big they are practically a meal themselves. My only complaint is the cost. The cookies are $4 each which is pretty steep. They are huge but still. They totally charge this much because they know people will pay and whatever, that's fine. It's probably better that way since it prevents us from going every day.
Simple yet awesome warm chunky cookies what more do you need.
Um, yeah, pretty sure the chocolate chip walnut cookies are laced with a little sumpin' sumpin' since I had one about two weeks ago and I CANNOT STOP THINKING ABOUT IT.  I'm not a huge cookie person, but it was, wow, delicious.
I had the chocolate chip walnut as suggested by other Yelpers. Awesome choice, and I can't tell you anything that hasn't been said. Ooey, gooey inside and crispy on the outside. Totally worth the $4 and surely the best cookie I've ever had!
Got the oatmeal raisin cookie. Very large in size. Very buttery taste. However, it wasn't all that. I've had better. Maybe I'll go back and try some of these others that people are raving about. Not a large selection of other other cookies there from what I could see.
You need to just try these for yourself. The chocolate chip walnut is literally the best cookie, maybe even the best dessert, i've ever had. I can easily finish one by myself, and then have eater's guilt immediately after (these cookies are HEFTY).   The dark chocolate chocolate chip cookie is also great...nowhere near as good at the chocolate chip walnut, though. It tastes more like a fudge brownie.   Havn't tried anything else there....but what are you there for if not the perfect chocolate chip cookie?
Chocolate chip walnut cookie = heaven! $4 well spent.
QUICKTIP: cookies. holy crap. cookie doughy on inside, crunchy on outside ----------------------------------------------- Short review here because I merely tasted their oatmeal raisin cookie on recommendation from the man behind the counter before I handed it off to my friends who left me no further morsel. Do I think this cookie is the best in the city? No, but that's merely based on personal preference. This is more like a scone with cookie innards, as the cookie is about 1-2 inches tall. However, the flavor is amazing. Plus, as the quicktip notes, they get that great balance between a chewy center and a crumbly exterior. Mine was practically cookie dough on the inside, and that is not a complaint. Not the best cookie in this city, but would nevertheless take the title in most other cities.
WMD disguised as a cookie. The price tag is enough to raise at least an eyebrow, but it's well worth it. The cookies here are so big/dense, I can barely finish in one sitting (too good). These cookies are the kind that are a bit undercooked inside (gooey) so if that's not to your liking beware. Be sure to order some milk with your cookie (trust me). If you manage to take a cookie to go, be sure you take a bite or else you might regret not ordering more for later (especially since they are not open late). I live in the neighborhood and I purposely avoid walking around here because it's so good, once I make visual contact, game over. Once you sink your teeth into this glorious deliciousness, it will hit you... like this- youtube.com/watch?v=9OdX…
Thank you, Yelpers.  Because of you guys, I finally made my way to Levain (at first, I couldn't find it, but suddenly I smelled that unmistakeable aroma of freshly baked cookies).  My Levain purchase is the very best $8 (two cookies) I've ever spent.  These aren't cookies, they are veritable mounds, chunks, of buttery, sugary, chocolatey goodness - they are just so rich, so delectable, so textured (the walnuts in the chocolate chip cookie... so good).  My stomach has never been happier. (As an aside, I know that Levain and Bouchon are often described as the best cookies in NYC- these are two totally different kind of cookies.    Levain is thick, dense, and more textured; Bouchon's is thinner, more uniform in texture and consistency.  Both are amazing- but very, very different cookie-consuming experiences).
It's a alarming tasty transformation. This place turns ordinary NYC residents into these big giant furry blue things calling themselves cookie monsters, mesmerized with nothing but big, chewy, rich cookies from Levains.  The transformation is especially irresistible if you consume their chocolate on chocolate. Try one, you'll see.
They have the most delicious cookies in the world, especially when it's fresh from the oven.  It's a hint of crunchy on the outside and chewy on the outside.  Thinking of it makes me drool.  It's about $4 for a cookie, but worth it!
Tiny little shop on the UWS. I really didn't know what I was in for. I saw the pictures of the cookies on yelp and I knew I had to try one. I was a little bummed out that they didn't have plain chocolate chip...only chocolate chip with walnuts, double chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin and chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips. I'm not a big fan of walnuts by themselves and I hate nuts in cookies and brownies. For me it just gets in the way of the chocolate and the cookie. Its like having too much lettuce in a burger...lets get to the meat! I didn't really feel like a double chocolate cookie and I felt like their choc chip with walnuts was the standard one, so I decided I would check it out. This is the first and I want to say only time I will ever enjoy walnuts in a cookie. It didn't bug me at all. The cookie was amazing. And I've had a lot of good cookies. I even make good cookies. It was the size of my fist...part of it was doughy on the inside, the chocolate was nice and melted and it was still warm. The nuts just add to the texture and give it a good crunch. That was actually my brunch...amazing. $3.75 per cookie...bring a jug of milk.
levain is the second high-rated and frequently-rated place i've been to in less than two days' time that leaves me unimpressed.  i'm starting to wonder, is it just me? am i just a contrarian? or not fooled by hype? levain is a one-trick pony whose fame apparently was not hurt by being frank bruni's "second home."  $4 gets you their trademark walnut chocolate chip cookie that is melty (and perhaps a little underdone) in the center, and that is more puffed up and cake-like than cookie.  the cookie is large enough that it can- and should- be shared by two people.  a treat on a cold day when you happen by the line out the storefront, but i would not make the hike here specifically/solely to sample levain.
There chocolate walnut cookies are just a little slice of heaven!
The best cookie - ever.  Each cookie is gigantic but can be nibbled on throughout the day if you have that kind of self control. Worth a cab ride from wherever you are in the city when the craving hits.  Chocolate chip walnut is my favorite with the double chocolate a close second.  Levain's also has great coffee (iced and hot) to wash down the cookie deliciousness.
Oh, Levain. Where to begin. The first time my best friend came to visit in New York, I thought to myself that I must find for her the best cookie in NYC even though no friends had suggestions for me. BEST ACCIDENTAL INTERNET FIND EVER! This cookie is seriously the best thing I've ever eaten. It's soooo perfect. It's huge and subtly buttery, with the most incredible texture. Not too sweet; just sweet enough. Perfection in every bite. I take ALL my out of town guests here, regardless of their objections or claims that they "don't get that excited over cookies." (Um...what??) Every single one loves it. Unanimous favorite. Levain, I love you. You make miracles on 74th street.
These cookies were made my angels.  I wish I could figure out the recipe, but I can't  So my fatass will continue to march on into LeVain for some more little pieces of heaven.
I hate to do this, but I really have to. I expected this place to be 5 stars, easily. But the cookie I had was literally, truly burnt all around the edges. As in it had that burnt taste all around. And other tasters agreed. The inside was still good, but it was clearly way overdone. It didn't look like the one my friend got at all, but I only realized that after getting home since I took it to go. Otherwise I would have definitely exchanged it. I also think that when you are known for your cookies, you just simply are not allowed to make the mistake of burning a cookie and then selling it to your customers. I am just so disappointed by this!
I haven't been to Levain's, but a friend brought me back 2 cookies from here, and wow they are AMAZING. What's even more amazing is that they're 3 days old, and still moist inside. I bet if they had been fresh, they would've been even more delicious. I'll keep it short and sweet. Highly recommended: dark chocolate chocolate chip and chocolate chip walnut!
Despite that I have never stepped foot in Levain (or NY for 10 years for that matter...) nor tasted one of their heavenly looking cookies (can anyone say "food porn"?!) I am fully happy with the service they provided me! I ordered a mixed batch of 8 of their cookies, from Glasgow in the UK, to be delivered to a good friend in Brooklyn, NY. Ordering online was simple as pi.....cookies (gotta keep with the theme here), I got my dispatch notice the next day, and then a thank you email a day later from my very, very excited friend that even included a 'heart' to express his gratitude via pixels. He assures me they are delicious. So, for ordering online as gifts, Levain deliver. My only regret is they don't deliver across the Atlantic. This place has now trumped the Magnolia Bakery as top of my list to include in my eminent NY visit.
Holy Macaroni. I reaaaally didn't want to like this as much as I did. Anytime I've heard anything is "the best in the city", it has been anything but.  This title is typically reserved for tourist traps, or over-rated/over-priced/over-exposed joints cashing in on the 3 minute segment they had on FoodNetwork 4 years ago. So, this place isn't much to look at, but the melange of different cookies baking simultaneously stimulated my olfactory glands well beyond the point of acknowledging the fact I was crammed into what amounts to little more than a few ovens in a basement on a non-descript brownstone in the UWS... Not just one of my favorite cookies I've ever eaten; one of the best...things(?) I've ever eaten, period.
Cookies the size of two fists and 1/2 a pound each! Best cookie I've had in the city.  The three of us got the choco-chip walnut, choco with peanut butter chip, and oatmeal raisin.  All were so so good and perfectly chewy... it is a good thing I don't live closer or else my waist line would probably increase two-fold.
The chocolate chip cookie of your dreams.
One bite of their six-ounce (yes it's huge) oatmeal raisin cookie blew me away. Perfect combination of rolled oats and plump raisins. Melt-in-your-mouth soft on the inside, and slightly golden on the outside. Wish I could somehow get the recipe...
The Levain cookies are the best in the world! I discover them thanks to this great article frenchcultureguide.com/0… I strongly recommend this webiste frenchcultureguide.com you will find a lot of great tips about French culture (cuisine, education...). I love it!
These aren't your typical Mrs. Fields or Albertson's cookies people. Sorry to say, but it might even beat your grandma's cookies! I'm so glad that I got to try Levain the day before I left NY, it's such a little hidden gem (no seriously, it's pretty hidden, we had to ask some girl standing outside her apt where the bakery was). There's no big sign saying LEVAIN BAKERY. It's really small inside, but there was a nice counter w/ stools seating about 5. It's mostly just a grab and go type of place. Right when you walk in, you'll notice the scent of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies and bread. Such a great aroma! In addition, you can see them make fresh batches. There's a display case of the different breads, muffins, cakes, breads, and baked goods. I literally wanted to buy & try everything. The first thing that came to my mind when I saw the display case was DDDDAYUM these cookies are HUGE! They didn't even look like cookies, they were like mounds of deliciousness. Chocolate chip walnut - LOVED this cookie the best out of all the ones I bought. Semi-sweet choc chips & chunks of walnut blended throughout the cookie. Each bite had a good composition of each ingredient. The cookie was crunchy outside, but thick,soft,ooey gooey inside. I actually bought extra of this and took some on my flight back home. Amazing enough, it still tasted good a couple days later. Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip - This one was fresh out the oven so we dug into this one first. OMG this was a very rich tasting cookie, I needed a glass of milk to wash this down. I think I would have liked it better if they had pb swirled into it instead of PB chips, however the dark chocolate dough was really good. Again, crunchy outside but soft chewy inside Oatmeal Raisin Cookie - rich & buttery, yet plentiful w/ raisins. It's not overly sweet, if you don't have a big sweet tooth, definitely get this. We wanted to try the muffins and baked breads, but were way too stuffed from the cookies. I know, usually I can finish a whole dozen at the Mrs. Field's in the mall, but these cookies were so rich and BIG it filled us up. Levain is a must visit and will bring out the cookie monster in you
I'm a big cookie fan myself and looked up what people thought the best cookie in New York was. This place was among the top, and it is for a reason. Hands down the best chocolate chip walnut cookie I've ever had in my life, it was quite amazing. This place is a hole in the wall place up near Central Park, and if you don't see the sign it will be easy to miss. I would definitely come back to this place just to try it again, if I'm ever back in New York. Also the price is well worth the warm cookie goodness.
How can I forget to review this place? HOW?? Whilst engaged in a deep conversation about how cookies are the greatest thing in the world, I suddenly remembered the time I was in cookie heaven.....mmmmm.....levain bakery. There is already a plethora of great reviews on this place, but I had to add my 5 stars! :D
I will never get tired of this place (well...maybe until I become really malnourished and fat). The cookies here are HEAVEN. Every time I come here, I get the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookies and they never ever disappoint. Granted - each cookie cost $4 so you better be expecting something good. But, even with the price - it's understandable - because it's like buying a small chunk of $4 piece of dough heaven. Baked perfectly. Thumbs Up: The moistness. The chewyness (is that a word). The density. The wonderfulness. Thumbs Down: The price is the only thing not so heavenly - maybe for a nice splurge on a random day to reward yourself. :)
I just feel it is necessary to mention that, today, I fell in love with their Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie all over again! Just as good as the first time...! And is there anything better than a crowd of families outside of the main entrance...mothers breaking apart warm, gooey cookies for their toddlers, while strings of melted chocolate drip from their pudgy little fingers, their grins caked with sticky crumbs? ADORABLE.
Levain is a cute little bakery, tucked on residential 74th street. Being a serious foodie and sweet tooth I had to try the chocolate chip cookie. It was amazing. It really was. But it wasn't mind blowing. If I died without having another, I'd be okay. Don't get me wrong, I want another.. but I'd be okay. These cookies are the size of a D-cup breast and cost $4 a pop.
Never in my life have I held a single cookie with such girth, loaded with so many choco chips and nuts and yet baked to utter perfection. How is this possible, Levain Bakery!?! The cookie was still warm when I pulled it out from the little white paper bag. Biting into it, I realized the chocolate chips were still all nice and gooey, marking up my hands and corners of my mouth with streaks of delicious melted chocolate, which I happily licked clean as I ate. These cookies should come with a disclaimer warning you not to eat them while walking, for fear of sauntering into oncoming traffic as your eyes roll back in your head in sheer ecstasy. Speaking of walking...careful not to walk right past Levain Bakery as only a small sign indicates its location...a small basement bakery that those little keebler elves don't have sh*t on.
5 stars for the chocolate chip walnut cookie.  4 for the double and dark chocolate, and peanut butter choco - good but too sweet - wouldn't buy again.  Stick with the basic choco chip or choco chip walnut.  These cookies are more like a cake.  I tried to replicate the recipe and make at home - can't even come close.  Never had a cookie quite like it and definitely can't wait to return.
The best chocolate chip cookies I have ever had and trust me I have tried them all. I heard about this place through yelp and decided that I have to check it out. It is a really tiny bakery near the upper west side. I visited in July and have decided that every time I visit NYC I will make a special trip for these cookies.   But wait, you can also order them online. A bit pricey because of the shipping but, they bake them and send them out next day!!! They come in a pretty box and would actually make a great holiday gift. Coming from an area that is infused with cupcake shops, its nice to have a good chocolate chip cookie once in a while.
A place that i am die for!!!! Just hope that it will not become a bakery chain like lots of other places.
Exclamation point times infinity. These cookies are amazing. Amazing!! Ah-may-zing. I've always stayed away from this place. Hype, blah blah, long lines*, blah, they'll be too sweet, blah blah blah...I was wrong. These cookies are gigantic (I would hope so because they're $4) and so delicious. Whatever the cookie, the inside is warm, gooey, and is great for those who love raw cookie dough. Each cookie is warmed up for you, but even if you're taking them elsewhere, you can warm them up in your home oven without them losing their softness. -Dark chocolate chocolate chip: This is such a heavenly decadent cookie, yet the double chocolate isn't overwhelming. Please do share, though; it's much too large and rich to finish yourself!! -Chocolate chip walnut: The number of chocolate chips and walnuts are high and their sheer size, incredible. The walnuts definitely add a bit of a texture, making this my favorite. -Dark chocolate peanut butter chip: The dark chocolate definitely tones down the sweetness. Most peanut butter chips I've had in cookies have been just that - chips, yet these are so smooth and silky that I feel like I'm biting into a cookie with swirls and swirls of creamy peanut butter inside. Likelihood of another visit: Not even a question. I'm already planning my next visit. *In fact, I went on a Friday around 5:15pm and there was no line. Go then!
When anyone asks me for a recommendation of a place to take visitors or a place to take a date Levain is always one of my first ideas. I don't think I have heard of anyone who didn't like Levain. Generally, I do not love spending $4 on a cookie, especially when I love baking my own treats. However, it is SO worth it here. Their chocolate peanut butter chip cookie may be my favorite cookie in the whole world. There is nothing better than grabbing some cookies and walking through the park on a nice day. Unless you come at odd hours or you're lucky, there will be a line out the door. However, it moves fairly quickly and it's very worth the wait. If you haven't tried Levain yet you are really missing out!
Ms who? Famous what? Or another name you want to add to the mix. All y'all need to get ta steppin cause the champ is here!!! Do not, I repeat do not tackle a Levain if you are casual about cookies.  These are baked for true cookie monsters.  Allow me to break this down. In no way shape or form are these your pour two glasses of milk and you and your baby get cozy on the sofa and polish off half the box while watching a DVD type of cookie. Each Levain cookie is a meal for a week. But no, size alone does not a great cookie make. There is big flavor to go along with the girth and each cookie was baked with...wait for it...Love.
Is it well-planned professionalism, luck, or fate to arrive at a bakery when their cookies are just out of the oven? Whatever the reason, it reliably makes for a better impression. Cookies are ALWAYS tastier when warm. SO imagine my pleasure arriving at Levain to toasty, gooey cookies! I came to find that the people behind Levain understand this truism; cookies are freshly baked all day, while everything else is just baked in the morning. In fact, I bet most of the "Meh" reviews for Levain have been written by people who had the bad luck of sampling cold/room temp cookies... I was able to try the oatmeal raisin, choc-chip walnut, and dark choc peanut butter. They rank in this order: 1) Chocolate chip 2) Dark chocolate peanut butter 3) Oatmeal Chocolate chip was near perfection. I hate walnuts in cookies, in fact I'm not a walnut fan in general, but they actually enhanced the experience. I agree that they added texture to the finished product and provided a counterbalance to the sweetness. Peanut butter cookie is good, but not remarkable. It's also really rich. Oatmeal raisin was less impressive. It tasted like butter and had about 7 flecks of oat in a sea of molten butter-dough. Tasty? Yes. The ideal oatmeal cookie? No. These were featured on Time Out's Best Cookies List, so apparently they're a city-wide favorite. And justly so. But if you have to choose one (which I recommend for health reasons), I would go for the chocolate chip.
'Eh.  they're not the best in NY, thank you.  I had better cookies at insomnia-they had more of a variety and were cheaper to begin with. This place was crowded, and the cookies are $4.  Only 4 types to choose from. We got the chocolate chip walnut-it's chunky and I like the middle softness, but 'eh.  I've had tons of other better ones.  I would like it more if it were hotter too, btw.
Cookies, go eat them, now. They're big and have evenly distributed chocolate and walnut chunks. For those of you who don't want to pay 4 bucks for a cookie...it's a monster of a cookie and you'll scarf it down fast. go.now.
I knew these cookies had to be about a half pound each...6 oz to be exact!  They're so chewy for such huge cookies. I think that's why they're a little undercooked in the middle...I would risk salmonella poisoning for another bite right now.
Avoid this place like the plague.  They do not sell cookies here; they are massive sugar and butter flavored bricks laden with chocolate and raisins and possibly crack.  They're so addictive and delicious, I have to stay away from here or else gain 200 pounds and commit to a life lived in sweatpants.
These are no ordinary cookies! Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, they're the best cookies I've ever eaten. You can't go wrong with chocolate chocolate chip - my favorite!
Best cookies in Manhattan. No debate, simply fact. Go and indulge.
Wow, all I can say is perfection.  It was doughy in the middle and has just the perfect amount of crunch on the outside.  I sat in NYC traffics for an hour bc of this.  I had the chocolate chip walnut! Amazing!
Let us not kid ourselves and call these cookies. I came here with my girlfriend and got an oatmeal and a chocolate chip cookie. When I saw what was handed to me at the register, I realized that these were not cookies at all but rather two incredibly dense muffin tops. Be that as it may, they were delicious. The cookies were warm and moist on the inside. The chocolate chips, which made up approximately 25-33% of the cookie, were melting into the dough. While the chocolate chip was extremely decadent, the oatmeal raisin managed to show some restraint and was my favorite of the two. I think an appropriate portion size for one person would be half a cookie. Any more than that and you risk ruining your appetite for the rest of the day.
Ohhh Levain Bakery...why are you SOO good. If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would. Some like cupcakes, I LOVE cookies. I can never say no. And the Chocolate Chip Walnut cookie is really and truly heaven on earth. This small little place is a hidden gem that you could walk by a hundred times if you didnt know about the goodness inside, though the line to get it would surely grab your attention, along with the small of baking cookies and melted chocolate chips EVERY time the door opens. While $4 for a cookie may seem a bit pricy, when you see how huge this cookie actually is, it is worth every penny and can be shared by 3 or 4 easily. And when you go- get them fresh out of the oven, which really is the only way, since they tend to go so fast, there are never any cookies sitting around. So, I will travel from Astoria every time I am having a cookie craving because Levain has really set the bar and I dont think anyone can top it.
If I could give 5 stars based on background music alone, I might, but Levain goes so much further than the Interpol they were playing one morning. Their cookies(they're so huge they should be called, 'cakes') are an institution on their own. I don't even want to see the chunks of butter that may go into a single cookie on preparation of their dough. A single dark chocolate cookie has enough coma-inducing deliciousness that you may not even be able to finish the one in a span of 12-hours. Mine was still perfect the next day. Their cinnamon brioche makes me want to marry the place. It's the sweetest thing after a furry puppy planting warm kisses on your face.
After spending 3 hours wandering throughout Central Park, I needed something to eat. Thank goodness my husband knew how to get to Levain Bakery. Fresh baked cookies are the best, especially when they are hot from the oven. My husband ordered the chocolate chip walnut cookie which had lots of chocolate chips in the center. In addition, the cookie was very buttery and still undercooked in the middle. The cookie was oozing with chocolate chips. I had the oatmeal raisin cookie which was not warm, so I didn't enjoy it as much. The cookie was good, but nothing blew me away. You can tell that the cookies are made out of high quality ingredients. We gobbled up those cookies in one sitting, so we definitely enjoyed the cookies. For the price, this is a cookie to purchase for a special occasion. I still like the cookies at Specialty's Bakery, located in the Bay Area, since the cookies are just as good, as large, and costs $2.50 each. Credit cards taken at this place.
This place doesnt need a review, but i figure i would anyways. This is hands down one of the best cookie places I have ever been to. This is a small shop that is very hidden and hard to find, unless of course you are looking for the line out the door for people jonesing for a sugary, chocolatey fix. When you walk into the store, notice the softball size balls of cookie dough waiting for their fate in the firey depths of their oven. Their menu is fairly simple, 4 types of cookies, each of them perfected. They are warm gooey and slightly raw in the center. They are everything as advertised. The only thing that could make this place any better is if they sold some ice cold milk on site. Other than that, its great, and perfect.
3.5 stars when my sister arrived in LA the other day she brought a box full of cookies!  pretty awesome stuff.  if i didn't know they were cookies, i'd have guessed they were scones.  HUMONGOUS, yet it's not all about the size.  you'd think a cookie this huge would be raw inside, or you'd get tired of it after a few bites.  but no, it has good texture both in and out.  texture of the chips are good too... they don't harden up, but stay tender, as does the rest of the cookie, even after a few days.  i just wonder what these are like warm and fresh out of the bakery!
This place knows how to make a cookie. Located in the upper west side of New York,this little bakery pumps out some of the best cookies ever. They have 4 varieties, chocolate chip, chocolate peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip, and oatmeal raisin. This place is a must
The jolly folk at Levain make fresh cookies taste even better! Such a joy to mosey on over to that little nook and down a chocolate peanut butter cookie the size of my face! Yup, good stuff!
Really excellent cookies. Expensive, yes, but also really really large and satisfying. The molten insides make them unique. They also manage not to be excessively sweet, but still full of chocolate goodness (I've had the double chocolate and the chocolate walnut). It is easy to miss, except for the line out front (which goes quickly). The service is a little chaotic, but manageable unless you're a real wallflower.
The BEST PLACE EVER to get chocolate chip cookies. Yes, oh yes.... just eat it... are you there yet?  You should be.  What do you mean you're not out the door yet? If I lived in NYC I would be am overweight, diabetic man with cookie all over his face... instead I settled for a major sugar high after getting a fresh, hot cookie smothered all over my face.  You can't come to NYC without coming here for a cookie ... buff said Cookie monster had it in his parody video -- you have cookie, share it maybe?  My answer is no... its MY Levian cookie!  Not gonna happen.
This is the most delicious cookie in all of New York City. I saw the episode on the food network where bobby flay tried to out bake the levain ladies and failed miserably. I cannot express how often I dream about this cookie. The other cookies are great too but I really only ever want the chocolate chip walnut. Yummmm!
Suck it, cupcakes!!! Levain Cookies are far superior in taste, value and naturally earnest charm, and can probably beat cupcakes in a street fight too. Before you balk at the $3.75 price tag on the cookies, realize that one cookie weighs almost half a pound and is the size of a big cheeseburger. And if you're like me and dislike nuts, suck it up and eat the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie anyway because they really know what they're doing here. (If you're allergic, sorry.) The other 3 varieties of cookie are also amazing, particularly the double chocolate one. They are all ever-so-slightly undercooked in the center but gorgeously crisp and caramelized on the edges... literally perfect in every way. It is basically a hole in the wall below street level on 74th Street, but I love it even more for the fact. The people are always friendly and the non-cookie offerings look just as delicious. If you are ever within 20 blocks of this place, you would be an idiot not to go.
BEST COOKIES EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! There I said it! I double dog dare you to challenge my assumption!! Having first experienced these delectable delights on the set of their very own Throwdown With Bobby Flay episode, I swore one day I'd chomp down on the 6-ounces of doughy goodness again. It took a couple years, but yesterday, I finally got around to it! It's quite possible that I JUST came out of the sugar induced coma the first batch put me in. Well, why be out of it, I say! After pre-burning a few calories playing in Central Park, my girlfriend and I hiked on over to their 74th and Amsterdam location. The moment you hit 74th street, the sweet aroma of baking cookies pulled one of those cartoon moves where a visible trail of scent picks you up by the nose and floats you to it's warm chocolatey source. We ordered up two chocolate chip walnut cookies and got to work. The outside provides a nice crisp bite, leading into the soft doughy middle. These cookies are so big, the inside can't fully cook. You're left with warm cookie dough to indulge in. To wash it down I ordered a large glass of milk ($2) and my girlfriend a bottle of water ($1). Let it be known: these amazing cookie makers know what's what. There is no wussy 2% / 1% / low fat dishwasher water milk here! Oh no sir! They only serve whole milk and half and half! AS IT SHOULD BE! Unfortunately, the cookie defeated my girlfriend. She slipped into that coma only half way through the devouring stage. I, however, must have built up some form of tolerance, because not only did I completely finish every last chocolate chip morsel, but I'm jonsing for another right now! **An interesting side note: The owners of this bakery are actually ironman triathletes. They invented this ridiculously high calorie cookie to replenish what they burn during their 2.4-mile swim, 112 mile bike, and full marathon back to back events!
I wish I could eat these every single day and never ever get fat. Actually, I don't think I'd mind being fat if I got to eat these cookies all the time. They're mind blowing. Perfect texture, perfect thickness, perfect temperature (nearly always fresh right from the oven!). The double chocolate cookie is too rich for me to have more than a quarter of, but that just makes the goodness last longer. In other news, I've heard their scones and things are tasty, too, but who cares about that? :)
I don't usually give "5 stars" ...so for me this place is the best-of-the best ...of its category at least! :) I only got a cookie...but it was AMAZING! It took me like 3 days to eat and it was still moist in the 3rd day! I had the PB and dark chocolate! SOOOO good! I swear its a huge lump of cookie! I will be back here! LOVE IT!...but I'm glad (& so is my scale) its not close to me! ;)
mouth too full to speak scone to get through megabus saved cookie for home holy crap, those bites each a sheer mouthful of joy chocolate trip mmmmmmmmmmm
World's best cookie!  At $3.75 a cookie, it darn better be!
This place is hard to find, unless you heard about it.  It's sub-terranean, so I went down the stairs to buy some bread.  I bought a loaf with walnuts in it, and it was the densest bread I ever had.  Good flavor, too.     I ate it little by little and it lasted a whole week!  It was a little bit too much for me.  I think if I buy bread or cookie from here, I should share it with a few people and enjoy it together.  It's overkill for one person.
The best cookies I have ever had. I don't know why we did not know of this place earlier. Chocolate chip cookies like I've never had before.
Best cookie in NY!  Levains is a small bakery located on a low key street on the upper west side. I have only come in on the weekend and there is always a line but the cookies are well worth the 20 minute wait. This bakery is the perfect spot for a weekend treat. I highly recommend the chocolate chocolate chip cookie. They are always made fresh and melt in your mouth. Fun fact- they also have a location in the hamptons
How do you like your chocolate chip cookies? Do you like them crisp and thin? Toll House chewy? I am a cookie slut. I like them in pretty much all shapes and form. I really like Levain's style because they were big, thick and soft. ::snicker:: They're pretty much the size of a half a baseball. Chocolate walnut was my favorite. The walnuts kept the cookie from feeling too soft.  Dark Chocolate Peanut butter chip reminded me of a cookie shaped brownie. This cookie is made for sharing. Dark Chocolate chip is a great alternative if you're allergic to peanuts. Eating one alone would be overwhelming and might cause a chocolate overdose.  Oatmeal Raising didn't shine as brightly here. If you find yourself here for the first time, get the original Chocolate chip walnut and forget you're on a diet. At Levain, diets don't exist.
Simultaneously the most delicious and calorie rich cookie I've had in my entire life.  If you want a days worth of calories in cookie form go to Levain lol!  I usually get the chocolate chip walnut and because I'm hooked to that I'm unable to try anything else.   One cookie is $4 but it's completely worth it.  They're usually a bit warm, but I've gotten a cookie that I could tell had been baked a while ago, so ask for it warm if you want the best Levain cookie eating experience ever.
A mouthful of warm, moist goodness, first greeted by a thin, yet ever so crisp exterior. The cookies are dense and immense. I have uploaded a photo of them next to a quarter for reference. They can indeed substitute for a meal, but I cannot guarantee you will get your daily nutritional requirements on a Levain Bakery Cookie diet. That being said, it would be quite the worthwhile experiment. I tried the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip and the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip cookies. I love me my chocolate, and the D-triple-C really hit the spot. It's almost like eating a fresh brownie, except that it is much heavier. Despite the density, you will nomnom your way through this cookie with ease. As for the establishment itself: it is small and simple. Absolutely no nonsense. There are 4 cookie options and some other pizza-type options. They cookies are $4.00 each, and the bakers just pump them out fresh while they pound beers. +1 Taste +1 Size +1 Freshness +1 Efficiency +1 No nonsense Glad I came and I will definitely recommend this to all. I will at some point return, but I cannot be a regular for fear of self-inducing diabetes. I will say, however, that exchange is quite tempting. Chocolate lovers: make sure you try the D-triple-C
A long line for a $4 cookie? Apparently. Let's be honest, this place doesn't require a lengthy review. The cookies are fantastic. My only gripe? No regular chocolate chip. However, it doesn't really matter because all the choices are just disgustingly good. I believe three out of six of the girls we went with actually let out a few sexual terms to describe them.
I feel like an asshole for such a low rating compared to the 4s and 5s! But I give this cookie a solid 3.75 to be real. It's a very delicious cookie indeed! I had the chocolate walnut cookie and it was quite taste but honestly...it's just a ginormous cookie...I guess when my friend was telling me how poppin' this place was I was expecting ginormous things like something super super different and unique, not just the fact that it's an oversized cookie. Although I'll come here again and give it a second try.
after giving up cookies (specifically) for 40 days (yes, i'm quite the cookie monster), i just happened to be in the UWS area today and decided to finally check out this place.  it was a little hard to find (via my iphone) -- but it was definitely worth going back and forth on 74th st looking like a lost tourist. ordered the chocolate chip walnut cookie and walked down to the barnes and nobles on 66th st. so I could get coffee and do some work (and obviously scarf down the cookie).  by the time I got to B&N, my cookie was still WARM and smelled yummy :) the chocolate chips were melted and the inside was soft and chewy.  i manged to eat the WHOLE thing in 5 minutes flat.  you could probably share one cookie between two people, but i DID mention i was some sort of cookie monster, right?   definitely fulfilled the craving after giving up cookies for lent.  one thing though: i am SO GLAD this place is quite the distance from my place in union square or else my thighs (and wallet) would NOT be happy.
Yup yup, all the Yelp nutters are not wrong, this cookie is amazing. Yes it's huge and I split it with three people but I totally could have eaten a whole one, it's just like eating a big piece of cake! Got the chocolate chip walnut and it was everything I hoped it would be. I do think 4 bucks is a bit steep though. It's a cookie. Love the undercooked center sooooo much.
You must go here!  Everything is great.  Nothing negative to say at all.  I guess I wish they had more variety but if you do something well why change it.  Loved that you could get a glass of milk too.
Before any uber-Levaine-fans start sending me death threats, let me preface this with saying that I like my cookies thin (but not too thin) and soft with melted gooey chocolate chips. With that in mind, you can easily see why I was not a big fan of Levain's - their cookies are simply too thick for me. I know they make it scone style and all but if I wanted a scone, I'd get a scone. The problem with cookies that are too thick is that the chocolate chips aren't melted evenly throughout. And that is exactly what I got - the chips in the middle of my Chocolate Chip Walnut were still solid. That's now how I like my cookies. The Oatmeal Raisin fared better (since there's nothing in it that needs to be melted). I actually liked it a lot but it cannot beat Bakesale Betty's Oatmeal Raisins here on the West Coast. I've heard great things about the Chocolate PB though but because I hate PB, that was out of the question for me. Yep, this is not a cookie I'd wait in line for.
I'm not from New York, but my cousin was recommended this place from a friend. We decided to check it out and I do not regret it! Delicious cookies. I was able to try each flavor, and the chocolate chip walnut is my personal favorite. When you order the cookies you get them fresh and warm, and the cookies are huge! $4 per cookie, but for the size I think it's worth it. They're chewy and the chocolate chips are freshly melted. Definitely should check it out if you've got a sweet tooth! Some of the best cookies I've had!
Wow. This place was tiny and had only 4 kinds of cookies, but it was PACKED with people 45 min before closing. There were people in the back still baking cookies! Located on W 74th St. Pretty much on the corner of Amsterdam Ave (AKA 10th Ave). It's easy to walk past this little bakery if you aren't specifically looking for it. Lucky for us there was a line out the door at 6:15pm so it was easy to find. It's on the basement floor so you have to walk down a flight of stairs to get to these delicious cookies. At $4 a cookie, they aren't cheap, but oh so worth every penny because they're HUGE. At least a third to half a pound per cookie! There were 4 kinds of cookies when we went. I'm not sure if they have others or if they offer different cookies depending on the day. They also had a scone and a loaf of bread. We chose to get the chocolate chip w/walnuts and walked out completely satisfied. We even bought a few to take home with us. Definitely worth a trip if you're ever in NYC.
I stopped in today and sang my Levain song for everyone! I LOVED the chocolate peanut butter cookie today.. You guys rock! PS - I can't WAIT to have my raisin & walnut bread this weekend :)
Posit if you will, a dense scone and the most supreme chocolate chip cookie riding the 6 train home one day during rush hour and being so squished together they actually morph into one colossal, gastronomic deity....that celestial being would be know as the Levain cookie. Think biscuit sized treat, soft and moist on the inside, crisp and flaky on the outside. And for $4 it thankfully is all that and then some!
Believe the hype! Levain Bakery's ginormous, mouth watering, foodgasm-inducing cookies are one of the most incredible sweets I've ever had.  I love how their cookies are always hot out of the oven so they are never hard.  Just wonderfully chewy gooey on the inside with a crisp outside.   The store, which is located in a storefront basement, is tiny so you'll have to eat your cookies outside. They sell nothing else except cookies in one of 4 varieties:  chocolate chip walnut (their signature), dark chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and chocolate chip.  Cookies are $4 a pop.  Don't forget to grab some water to milk to wash it all down with...you'll need it! This became a serious addiction for me and the long journeys in the cold to the Upper West side were oh so worth it.  Can't wait for my next trip to NYC so I can visit Levain again!
BEST COOKIES EVER!!!!! Yes, they are $4.00 - but so worth it. They are huge, crisp on the outside & gooey enough on the inside. There are four flavors:dark-chocolate-chocolate-chip/dark-­chocolate-peanut-butter-chip/chocolate-chip-­walnut/oatmeal-raisin. We have tried them all & still can't decide which is the best. That just means that we will have to go back again & again!!!!
I mean what more is there to add? I went way out of my way on a trip to the city to visit based on the Yelp reviews and found them to be true. As a true cookie monster these are highly recommended. The are good, real good. They are very intense though and you only need a couple of bites to feel satisfied. The cookies are also huge and warm and delicious. So yeah go get some cookies! :)
Huge cookies and big flavors. It was a bit expensive, at 4 dollars a cookie.. but the cookie was the sign of my fist. My fist is the size of my heart, so the thus the cookie is the size of my heart. Math rules. Anyway, we bought these early in the day and  ate them after our dinner, which was bbq, needless to say I almost did not make it home. It was food overload, I fell asleep standing up in the train (no seats). I don't know if I will be back, maybe if I am in the area Ill pick one up, but I would not go out of my way.
straight up the best chocolate chip cookies of my life. Nuff said. DO IT!
Best chocolate chip cookie ever.   Loaded with high quality chocolate and big tasty walnut pieces.   There's an awesome texture with the slightly crunchy outside and the moist dense inside.  Unit price of $4 intially sounds high, but the cookie is so big (and so excellent) it's a good value.  You must go.  Even if you have to hop on the subway to get there.  You'll thank me.
Ok I didn't believe the hype, but choc chip cookies are my absolute favorite and I've traveled far and wide for them.  BELIEVE the hype about Levian!!  It's all true - the best cookie I've ever had - bar NONE.  And everyone inside is patient and friendly.  Stand in the line - it's worth every minute !
I used to work here in 2009-2010 before I moved to LA and let me tell you, I'm surprised I'm not 600lbs. I ate a cookie every day! It was the best worst addiction! Dark chocolate peanut butter was my first favorite but I left NY with a chocolate chip walnut shaped hole in my heart. Sourdough baguettes were great but the all time best is blueberry muffins fresh out of the oven in the morning!
I got the dark chocolate chip cookie & the walnut chocolate chip! Neither disappointed. Tastes best warm. The perfect dessert to a post race brunch.
You'd think $4 a cookie is expensive. But these cookies are on steroids! They're huge and as my friend said, mega good! Since it was my first Levain experience I decided to get all 4 kinds they had that day. I was surprised at how heavy the bag was. They could easily have been a dozen regular sized cookies! Of course it took me a few days to finish them all. But I'd warm them up a bit before eating to get that fresh out of the oven deliciousness. The oatmeal and raisin had a nice pudding like center when warm. The chocolate chip was really good but didn't feel special compared to the others. The double chocolate was brownie like but felt too sweet at the end. My favorite was the chocolate peanut butter chip! The sweet salty contrast made it perfect. Now I know which cookie to get next time. And hopefully I'll get to try their other products as well.. Why only 4 and not 5 stars? Because for someone who is also a baker at home, I'll only give 5 stars for bakeries that truly leave me speechless.
The chocolate chip walnut cookie is the best cookie I have ever had. Ever. At $4 a cookie, it can get a little pricey very fast....but if you eat two cookies you won't be hungry for the rest of the day.
Best cookies EVER. YES IT IS WORTH THE TRIP up to the UWS !!! My faves are the chocolate chip walnut and peanut butter.   I am a girl that can eat a whole pie by herself, and it takes me 2-3 days to finish 1 Levain cookie.
As much as I don't like writing reviews for places that have been over-reviewed, I will add my two cents. The cookies are sweet and good, big enough for three feedings.  The texture is somewhat dense and cake-like at the same time.  I mean that in a good way. You really just have to go there and taste for yourself as cookies are such a personal preference. You can tell they use top notch ingredients and at $3.75 a pop they had better use damn good ingredients. The only downer is that no proper seating exist.
cookie!!!!!!! get the cookies!!!! scones are awesome too!!!! dont get the banana bread when there are other amazing options like their COOKIES AND SCONES!!!
Love cookies? Even if you don't, this place will change you!!!! I don't understand how these cookies are made to be so perfect! Beware, you will get very thirsty after eating a third of a cookie. So moist, chewy... chocolate yumm. I am drooling.
Happened to be on UWS yesterday and decided to stop by Levain's Bakery to see what all the fuss was about. After reading all the glowing and raving Yelp reviews was expecting to be blown away by this FREAKING, AWESOME, OMG, LIFE CHANGING, Chocolate Chip Cookie Monster that would leave me salivating for days . BUT alas, as far as my taste buds go, it was more like, hmmm, ok, alright, not bad, sugar and dough rush complete, but certainly not worth a trek back here again anytime soon. Yes, they are humongous, Yes, tad on the expensive side at $4 a pop and Yes, gooey on the inside. But other than those affectations for the ultimate cookie experience, for this Yelper they fell flat. It's a friendly cool little bakery visiting on a rainy saturday afternoon, there wasn't any huge line or long waiting time others have wrote about.  Had the Chocolate Chip Walnut and the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip. And actually eating just one of those monsters, the ole tummy here began a growling and not in a pleasant way. But go if you think you must and experience for yourself. The food sensation was lacking for me and search for the ultimate Chocolate Chip cookie continues....
The best cookies ever.  We had the oatmeal and walnut chocoloate chip.  The cookies are warm, moist and massive.  We could not finish them in one day.  Will definetly be back.
$4? for a cookie? You might think that's ridiculous. But c'mon! Cupcakes are around $3.50 nowadays at a cupcakery and a tiny one bite macaroon is around $2.00. Hence, $4 for a ginormous cookie that you probably cannot finish in one sitting is completely worth it!! *Chocolate chip walnut: perfect consistency of walnuts & chocolate chip. *Peanut butter: there's little balls of peanut butter or peanut butter dough in there paired with the rich chocolateness of the cookie. IT IS HEAVENLY (for the peanut butter lovers out there)!! If you're visiting NY, give this a try! Where else can you find a big-dense-soft-buttery cookie? My friends and I visited and we each bought 12-15 cookies to bring back to Cali! We couldn't leave with just 1 or 2 cookies haha
Cookies are good. Staff is helpful and sweet. They take credit cards. And oh, did you know that you can make a meal out of Levain's offerings? Like, have you tried their artichoke and Gruyere pizza? It's neatly tucked into the display on the right, and it might be hard to miss as you're overpowered by the smell of chocolate goo-eyness.... but give them a chance. I don't think you'd regret it.
"Levain, Levain, Levain.....OMG the BEST cookies ever...." is what I kept hearing from multiple foodie sources.  Of course, I had to try it out myself! Once I walked into Levain, I was surrounded by the scent of buttery cookie goodness.  At the staff's recommendation, I splurged on a $4 chocolate chip walnut cookie.  In all fairness, the $4 is not that bad for what you get...these cookies are massive!   Because it's so big, there really isn't an opportunity for the cookie to have crispy edges.  The moist, slightly undercooked center is the best part..  I am, however, a fan of crispy cookies with a moist center, so the inside part of the cookie did it for me and the not so cripsy outside didn't quite do it for me.
The cookies here are bigger than the burger patties they have at restaurants! Located on a small corner, you can also easily miss this place. What is pretty cool is that once you walk down, there is a Live Feed camera that takes your picture every 30 seconds or so. You could later check their website and save your picture of instant memories. We heard about this place because of Throwdown, and we decided to check it out because we love cookies. Chocolate Walnut - This was almost like eating a brownie, except the texture was that of a cookie. I am not too big a fan of walnuts, but this cookie was really really good. It was also very heavy, so we pretty much kept it with us while we walked through Central Park. It is a very dark and rich chocolate taste, and the walnuts provided a nice contrasting crunch with a bit of bitterness. Peanut Butter Fudge - delectable and delicious. I LOOOVE PEANUTBUTTER. Anything that has peanut butter in it, I almost instantly like it. This cookie is so good. Nice and moist, with a great peanut taste. There were peanuts and peanut butter chips in this cookie. The only thing I wish was that they also had chocolate chips, to make it seem like I was eating a ginormous Reese cookie. My Favorite Cookies go to Teacake Bakeshop in Emeryville, CA, but this place does wonders with their taste and their size! The price is decent if you think about it (it seriously is like 3 cookies rolled into one, and it is priced accordingly).
Ordered two chocolate chip walnut cookies. Wasn't impressed - the center was almost raw and there was way too much butter in the cookie (reminds me of southern baking). If you're a fan of gooey, lard-y cookies, maybe this is for you. But these definitely aren't my type of cookies.
Love the cookies. Not much room in the bakery. But love the cookies. Favorite is the chocolate with peanut butter chips.
Their chocolate chip cookies are undoubtedly great. They are so chocolate-y, gooey, chewy and simple delicious. But it is very very sweet, so after eating a fourth of it, I almost felt nauseous and couldn't stomach it anymore. It would be a good idea to just get one cookie for 2-3 people to share. I would like to go back to try their other stuff though.
Stating the obvious, but the cookies are no joke here.  Amazing!
After a day exploring the American Museum of Natural History (dinosaurs!) we wanted a quick treat. This place is a short walk away, and easy to find. It is tiny and doesn't have an extensive selection, but it looked like they choose to focus on making a few things well. We had one of their brownie-sized cookies, the chocolate peanut butter chip.  It was fabulous, and perfect to split between two people. We sat at one of the few bar stools in the place and there was a steady stream of people coming in. Most of them ordered the cookies, and I can see why. Definitely worth a detour if you're in the area.
The oatmeal raisin cookie that I had here was freakin' LIFE CHANGING. I don't think I've ever described any other food that way. OMG. These cookies cost $4 each and are toasty and crunchy on the outside..gooey, moist, soft and warm on the inside. OMGOMGOMGOMG. And..with a cold glass of milk = perfect. PERECT. I had to update my "last meal on Earth" profile question on yelp with this amazing cookie!! Anyway, just go! 2k+ reviewers agree with me! Or am I agreeing with them? hha ugh I want one right now.
Best. Chocolate. Chip. Cookies. Ever. I bought 2 chocolate chip cookies, 1 for me and one for my husband...needless to say, my husband never got his :-)
Every time i decide to come back i always get the same cookie, Walnut chocolate chip. And every time i get it, it's the same. That's what i love about these cookies, they are always amazing. I am so glad i met them, my only problem is that not everyone in NYC knows about them.
Still the biggest, chunkiest, yummiest cookies EVER!!! Totally worth $4 each!
These cookies are massive - 6 ounces each. They more or less are a meal in themselves, but they are absolutely delicious. I tried the oatmeal raisin cookie and the blueberry muffin, both of which were top notch. The crispy parts of the edge of the muffin top were especially good. My girlfriend had the oatmeal raisin scone, which was also delicious and the chocolate chip peanute butter cookie, which I didn't try. In any event, a new standard for cookies has been set!
Just on a lark, I happened to Yelp for chocolate chip cookies when we were staying at The Inn New York City (super cool hotel by the way) and lo and behold Levain came up and it was only a few short blocks away. So, we walked on over and sure enough, there they were, tiny little downstairs spot that could easily be missed, with nothing but a tiny counter and huge cooking ovens to be seen. We tried a smattering of all their cookies and they were all absolutely amazing. My fiancee's favorite was the enormous Chocolate Chip Walnut, and they were nothing short of delicious to be sure. But, my heart belongs to the Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip! Oh my! All the cookies are great, and my only complaint is that it costs about $40 to ship them anywhere. When you add the cost of the cookies to the shipping you just can't really effectively order a dozen of them up to satisfy your cookie jones!
The cookies are heavenly!! They are sooooo good... Chunky, soft, and tasty!! I am addicted to their cookies!!!!
Oh my word. Best cookies I have ever had. Chocolate peanut butter is to die for. Oatmeal raisin is outrageously amazing. Chocolate chip is outstanding. And their brioche is out of this world. Expensive, yes, but wellllll worth it.
I saw the Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay on the Food Network and decided to hit the city to curb my insane cookie cravings. I was standing outside of the place, asking my boyfriend if he had cash on him (no Visa, MC, etc. stickers on the door) and one of the co-owners who was outside throwing out the trash told us that credit cards were accepted. She seemed really upbeat and wonderful. I bought one of each cookie and headed to the park to test them out. Not only did these cookies curb my cravings, it sent me to chocolate nirvana. There was a big siren going off my head telling me I'd have to hit the gym for a whole month to work off one of these cookies... but I chose to ignore it :). My favorite was the chocolate chip walnut cookie. The big chunks of walnut with the smooth chocolate was enough to have me hooked!  The cookie has a crunch on the outside but the inside is nice and soft; this combination is enough to have every chocolate chip cookie lover in the city hooked. If you're more of a chocolate junkie, I'd definitely recommend the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip cookie. I couldn't take more than two bites before getting the "itis" but for the extreme chocolate lovers out there- this is it. Just make sure you have a BIG glass of cold milk when you sit down to eat this chocolatey delight! I can't say this is a bakery that I would be able to visit all the time, but it's certainly one of the only places I'll ever go to when I have my chocolate cookie craving :)
cookies were big and delicious. make sure you eat it right away because it is very soft!
The best cookie you will ever experience in your life. Definitely worth the trip. Wow.
Stop reading reviews! Just go there and get absolutely anything they sell and it will be delicious.
on mile 5.5 of the AIDS walk, we passed by this place.  I have been meaning to come here forever but since its so far, I never made the effort. Anyways - we got 1 chocolate chip walnut cookie - it is heavy, a bit warm and a lot gooey.  This cookie is not your typical cookie, it rises a bit, so its almost like a chocolate chip cookie dough cake.  The middle is soft cookie dough - yum yum yum!!   I could do without the walnuts, but other than that this cookie is divine.  Although, not something you can eat everyday.  It's very buttery, very rich, and quite filling!  This cookie has the perfect chocolate chip to dough proportions. yummmm. I still like my own home-made cookies best, but if you're looking for something extremely indulgent - check out this place!  i read somewhere that one cookie is one pound...and that kind of hurts...so i'd have to say that this is not somewhere I'd seek out on a regular cookie-craving basis...other cookies that are less calories feed me just as well.  but after a 5.5 mile walk..it was oh so satisfying. yum.
I could kill my friend for introducing me to this spot a couple of months ago...her saving grace is that I live in Brooklyn. BUT....anytime I'm on the UWS I stop in here to get the best oatmeal raisin cookie that is the closest thing to complete perfection in this world!!!!!!!! For about 3 days I nibble on that 1lb cookie and for those 3 days I take the steps and do an extra set at the gym...hence why I could kill my friend...LOL LOL!
$4 cookies. Really? Yes, really. and they are not your everyday chocolate chip cookies.  I think each cookie weighs 1/2 lb.  they are crunchy on the outside and soft, gooey, chocolatey on the inside...yum. Too expensive? too caloric? skip a meal. walk in, grab a cookie, get some milk, sit outside and enjoy 5-10 minutes of heaven. :)
After trying another local bakery a week prior and being extremely underwhelmed by their 'much hyped' chocolate chip cookie, I was really excited to try out Levain's.  After walking 5 miles in Central Park, a cookie from Levain was calling my name. I almost walked right past the place considering you have to walk below ground level to get there.  Once inside the cookie selections are pretty slim, however everything there looked delicious.  I decided to go basic and went with the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie.  The cookie was oversized, freshly warm from the oven, and filled with pieces of gooey chocolate chips.  This had to be ONE OF THE BEST COOKIES I EVER HAD!  So freakin good.  It had the perfect composition I look for in a cookie - fresh and hot from the oven with melt in your mouth chocolate chips.  The inside was soft with a crispier outer edges.  The walnuts added a nice kick to the flavor. MMM good!  The only downside was it was over 4 bucks for the thing. This is tied with Dessert Delivery for my favorite cookie ever (and best in the city).  Their's is bigger and has more chips but is served cold and crunchier.  Not too mention it is half the price which in this economy is a huge plus in its favor.  I guess I will have to visit both again to duel it out for my top choice!! :)
I nearly missed this bakery. You' d have to walk down the steps of this brownstone. The moment you open the door, you inhale this intoxicating sweet fragrance of fresh cookies and pastries that were pulled from the oven and cooling off a feet or two away from you. You're then staring at like mounds of fresh baked cookies and a friendly staff awaiting for a response. Yeah- Levain is THAT good. It's a simple bakery, no crazy lights or decor. It's straight forward like their baked goods. The cookies are dense, so they're going to be extra chewy. Consider it a mini work out when you're trying to chew through the crunch walnuts and doughy cookie center (Choc. Chip Walnut). And about the size, I agree with the posters below. My God. I'm afraid I'm like a fat lubbard if I attempt to eat two!
I'm not sure what else to say to about this place, but the word that is coming to my head is...INCREDIBLE! just thinking about it, makes my mouth happy and craving more....(thats what she said?) The dark chocolate peanut butter is soft and chunky and gooey! I want one now...I can't wait to go back and try the chocolate chip walnut!
pros: the chocolate walnut and the oatmeal raisin are delicious, and they are bigger tha your average cookie (thanks fellow yelpers) which perhaps leads to the con... con: 4 dollars a cookie, yikes
wow. best cookie ever. haven't tried their breads.
This place is certainly tucked away but if you're up to finding one of the best places for cookies that I know of, it's well worth the time.
My friend brought cookies from this bakery to a party once.  We loved them so we decided to stop by again when we were in the area. We ordered the double dark chocolate chip and raisin oatmeal.  Both were freshly made and tasted great. Only problem is the store itself is small and the lines get pretty long.  I just wish there was some place to sit to eat this enormous cookie. FYI there is a deli next door that sells milk. :)
Do yourself a favor. Go here, NOW! On the way, grab a small thing of milk from the local bodega. Go in, order at least one cookie (my fav is the dark chocolate peanut butter chip), take milk and cookie over to Central Park or Riverside Park and find a bench to sit on. Open milk, open bag containing cookie, and savor the goodness.   It doesn't get any better than this folks. A little pricey but worth every penny.  The cookies are like brownie batter mix that is baked perfectly, when the inside is still moist and mushy, and outside shelled over. Go now. Thank me later.
I know everyone who had been there before and love to come back over again, LOVE there cookies. Of-course! I had 2 of them (double chocolate and peanuts butter chip?) with my husband and I love them!!! but! I loved this my first time visit this bakery... "The baguette"(with butter & jam)!!! I visit Paris about 2years ago and I couldn't forget about the baguette I had in there ever since... I've been try the different bakery in the city to find a close one but those weren't really hit my memories of the baguette I had in Paris. That's why I was really really happy to had the one with this bakery! Cookies is very very good but the baguette is also gooooooooood so please give it try if you have a chance!!! BTW, I would love to go back when I miss "The baguette" ;)
The smell of fresh baked cookies can only be described as intoxicating as you walk into this small storefront...and before you know it your other 4 senses are assaulted... These may be the best cookies I have ever had...crispy but moist with intense flavor...Do you like your cookies crunchy or soft baked? It doesn't matter because you get both in one cookie. Does a bag of 10 cookies cost $40 bucks and weigh over 5lbs?  Felt like it...Each cookie is the size of two or three cookies from most places so there is value there for the quality. Did I travel 140 blocks round-trip for these cookies and would I do it again? Hell Yeah!!!
A new tradition in NYC: Levain! This place has cracked my personal culinary hall of fame after 3 visits. Trust me, these are the best cookies in the world, period, point blank, full stop... or if you don't trust me, read the other reviews (homages) to this humble cookie shop tucked away in the Upper West Side. I make my pilgrimage every time I am remotely close to NYC... not that I needed another reason to visit NYC..... On that note, I just got back from NYC and loaded up on a month's supply - in other words, 6 cookies! Yep, that's right, if you pace yourself, you can probably make a cookie last 4-5 days. Not sure you'd want to, but you can't handle delicious and ungodly gobs of sweet buttery goodness that constitute one cookie in single setting, a daily nibble should suffice......allegedly.... hopefully......at least I've convinced myself to think that.........mind over cookie... mind over cookie....
Thank you fellow Yelpers for helping me discover this awesome bakery on my recent trip to New York.  I LOVE cookies and, as my waistline will attest, I've had more than my fair share of cookies, but these were amazing!  At $3.75/cookie they're not cheap, but considering that each cookie probably weighs a good 6-8 ounces or more, they're well worth it.  I bought a chocolate chip walnut, an oatmeal raisin and a dark chocolate peanut butter.  Yum, yum and yum!  Even though I had just finished up lunch, I couldn't help but snack on these for the next few hours--no wonder I wasn't hungry for dinner.  Do yourself a favor and buy some milk to drink with these cookies because there's no way you're gonna be able to take just one bite.
These are undisputably the best cookies I've ever eaten.  I even like the oatmeal raisin and I hate oatmean and raisins.  They are deliciously gooey and best when fresh from the oven!
The cookies here are of New York lore, so when I moved in a block away, I had to give them a try. Chocolate chip walnut and double dark chocolate chip. When I first lifted the bag out of the store, I knew they were not kidding around - it felt like I was carrying two softballs!  They were still warm, crisp around the edges and chocked full of chocolate chips and walnuts.  A bit too thick (almost an inch thick!), sweet, and gooey/cakey for my taste, but I could see how they would be very satisfying to a sweet tooth. For the record, I like my cookies thin, crisp, and buttery (not too sweet), lest you make me out to be a cookie-hating alien... But that doesn't mean I won't give them another shot... :)
Truly phenomenal cookies! You can't go wrong with any flavor but I personally love the Chocolate Chip Walnut. They always come out warm and right out of the oven.  Definitely worth the wait on line!
Best chocolate chip cookie I ever ate and I have tried a zillion before. Lived up to the reputation and hype completely. When in NY I'm coming here definitely..
Who wouldn't give this place 5 stars?! Best cookie I've ever had. Chocolate chip walnut. Now they just have to make some gluten free ones and I'll be coming here everyday!
My friend anonymously sent me their fantastic walnut chocolate chip cookies for my birthday, and I left a message with the store that night to find out the identity of the sender. They called me back the next morning and was very friendly! I wasn't expecting that. A couple weeks later, I was in the neighborhood and looking for this place. The store front was very low profile, and they only had maybe 4 varieties of cookies, but boy were they delicious. Even my two guy friends (straight) found it surprisingly good and could not stop nibbling my cookie. Good thing those suckers are HUGE. FYI, the cookie consistency is almost cookie dough like in the center so it's definitely a chewy cookie.
Five word summary: COME HERE FOR THE COOKIES. Seriously. Bring a friend to split their slightly-over-sized cookies (or pretend that calories don't exist and gobble one down yourself). Chocolate chip walnut is the traditional flavor, and is amazing; the dark chocolate peanut butter cookie is probably the embodiment of intensely good dessert. The cookies come out slightly warm, slightly hard around the edges, slightly chewy in the middle (in other words, perfect). For $4 per, it's a pricey cookie, but once you bite into it you'll forget how much money you just spent on it. Not much standing/bar room inside, but who cares, you're eating a cookie! Seriously. Come here for the cookies.
I've been coming to Levain for about 2 years now. Whenever my coworkers and I are feeling the afternoon slump, Levain is always a must. I always get the chocolate chocolate chip cookie, but I've also had the chocolate chip walnut. Both are delicious, but the chocolate is an all out party. Of course, the gimmick of this place (besides the one pound cookies) is that they're FRESH and HOT when you buy them (seriously - right off the baking tray.) And at $4 a cookie, which is ludicrously expensive, I will still gladly pay. The only recommendation I have is that you split a cookie with someone because eating an entire cookie in one go will probably leave you feeling sick.
I'm convinced they are sprinkling love powder on the chocolate cookies here because I can NOT stop eating them. Seriously. Most people complain about the $4 pricetag on the cookie, but honestly you can't eat it all in one sitting so it's totally worth it. One step down into the bakery and you're in heaven, it smells AMAZING. The only thing I will complain about is the size of the place. It's TINY and if you want to sit and revel in all the chocolatey goodness, there's a bench outside (which will prove problematic in the upcoming winter months). DEFINITELY go to snag a cookie though, its WORTH IT.
two words.  Coo-kies....run and get you some.  Not a terribly long line in the afternoons 2-4pm.
nom, nom, nom!!!!!! I turn into something blue and fluffy when I eat Levain's cookies. No joke - ask Grover. :)
*melts into a puddle of buttery goo* when I walked into this place, my eyes went as big as one of these cookies, which is saying a lot considering the heft of one cookie.  Imagine 3 -- nay, possibly 4 -- mind-bogglingly fluffy-dense, warm-out-of-the-oven cookies packed into one spheroidal object.  It was like eating a brownie cookie.  It was so, so amazing.  and so, so decadent.  Must sample more flavors.
Their hours are completely illogical.  They're ludicrous!  Why do they close at 7 PM?  Who the hell feels like eating cookies before 7 PM? Cookies and desserts are typically something desired at night after eating dinner.  Who are these people coming in at 8 AM eating cookies?  They're missing out on quite a bit of potential earnings because people leaving Lincoln Center after a movie or a jazz show would probably want to swing by Levain's for a night cookie.  Also, there are plenty of us on the Upper West Side that want a good dessert in the evening.  I'm not waking up and thinking, "Gee, I sure could use a cookie right now."  They really should change the hours and make it close later; even at the cost of having to open later.  They have the most unbelievable cookies here but I never get to try them because I never feel like a cookie during daylight hours.  I know I'm not crazy, none of my friends ever mention desserts during daylight hours either.  I hope I never get to a point in my life where I'm standing outside of Levain's at 8 AM waiting for the doors to open.  That's just ridiculous.
