I completely agree with reviewers who like this place. The food was very good, especially the spreads and the meats. And the views are spectacular. Austrian food can be heavy, but if you share plates with everyone in your party, you can taste a lot of different things without filling up on one of the many delicious options. A couple of reviewers complained about the service. We had a great experience. In fact, our server was bringing things out a bit too quickly, so we asked her to slow it down a touch. We were on vacay and wanted to have a fun relaxing time, enjoying the food an setting. She was completely accommodating. If you're on Seneca Lake, this place is definitely worth a visit.
We are fools.  After some 4-5 years of not visiting Dano's, we gave in because of the view and the fall colors. Guess what?  Our food was not cooked properly.  Mine was pink in places and lukewarm when served, my companion's raw in the center. Oh, and did somebody just charge us for BREAD? Skip it!
Mostly a good experience here and definitely a great meal. A few drawbacks stop this from being a 5-star experience. The food is ranging from average German/Austrian cuisine to fantastic. As another reviewer put it, the "average" would be quite commonly found in any mid-grade restaurant in Germany or Austria. However, you're in the Finger Lakes region of New York, and this type of food is a pretty rare find. Of the things we had, I'd say the wiener schnitzel, liptauer, horseradish walnut spread, horseradish beet salad, and breads were average. The sauerkraut was out of the world, and the desserts were very very good. I challenge anyone to find or make sauerkraut like they are doing at Dano's without going to NYC or some other major foodie city. So the food was good, and our server was also very nice. Good on all that stuff. The portions do fall on small side, and the prices fall on the high side. This is a combo that a lot of times makes people feel like it's not worth the price, which is a theme you can read in many reviews. My wife and I left stuffed, but it cost $70-$80 (including beer/wine) to get stuffed. So, I'd recommend going here if you want to experience cuisine unique to the region with a nice view of the lake, and don't mind it being spendy.
The Good: Dano's is a family-owned, chef-driven, classy and modern restaurant near lots of wineries (get some local wine!) and overlooking beautiful Seneca Lake. It is a modern, upscale, American-oriented version of a heuriger, which is an Austrian wine-tavern for gathering and sharing -- get wine and appetizers, go on a date and share, or bring a group and share the beautiful food, beautiful restaurant and beautiful view. We loved the garden right out front where they grow their own herbs!! Gorgeous view. Classy atmosphere, classical music. Beautiful, modern, clean, spacious, open restaurant. High ceilings with glass all around for an amazing view the lake, of robins on the perfect lawn, and beautiful open patio. Fresh flowers on each table, clean & modern architecture, simple and classy but unpretentious. Lovely interior design with clean lines. You don't have to dress fancy, but do look nice. The wife of the chef, who is the manager/doer of everything painted the modern art above the window-walls. Hearty, simple, share-able, well-done Austrian (not new American!) food. Awesome charcuterie -- excellent pate, homemade sausage, and even homemade quince paste from their own quince trees!!! Recommend the charcuterie -- get it to munch on while you enjoy the view and the wine! The Bad: Slow service, heavy food. So take your time and bring friends! Slow service -- sit back and enjoy your wine, the atmosphere and the view. Heavy food-- Goulash was so heavy and dark I got full just LOOKING at it. Seafood wrapped in cabbage was lovely but again, intensely filling somehow. Come very hungry or bring a group! Waitress was unable to make wine recommendations and had to get her mom every time, so we had to wait a lot, which we didn't mind because we had wine to drink, delicious charcuterie to munch on, the view of the lake and the lawn was lovely. The Food: Charcuterie was amazing, a trip here wouldn't be complete without their house-cured meats, FANTASTIC cheese, variety of spreads and pate. Get it!! The bread basket was $3 for a large variety of local (but not homemade) breads (they only make the focaccia). The breads were decent but don't fill up on them, dinner will be heavy!! Also $3 per scoop of spreads, which are delicious and homemade, but expensive. Our entrees were tasty but extremely heavy, I could barely eat more than a bite! Espresso after dinner was lovely but came one at at time, and no sugar cubes, just packets. The Service: Our server Sophia is the daughter of the owners -- her dad is the chef and her mother was working as well. It was only Sophia and her mother running the entire restaurant, which was empty when we arrived but nearly filled up, and although service slowed down during that rush, they did a good job considering it was just the two of them. Her mom's wine recommendations were spot-on and went fantastic with our charcuterie and entrees. Sophia was professional (with the exception of wine knowledge) if decidedly impersonal. But she checked on us, didn't make mistakes, served every table and got the job done. Her mother helped run food and bus tables, she was very efficient. We enjoyed ourselves a lot, we spent several hours there and weren't rushed or neglected. Overall: A truly lovely experience in a beautiful building with a beautiful view and wonderful food. Recommended if you take your time, share food, get appetizers and wine --don't just get entrees and leave -- enjoy yourself and relax, they won't rush you. Overall it was a beautiful experience, mostly for the wine and charcuterie! I enjoyed myself immensely despite the heavy entrees and would love to go back. Tip: The food is Viennese, as in from Vienna, Austria, a country in Europe bordering Germany, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungry and Bosnia. The guy at the table next to us called it "Vietnamese" and sounded like an idiot, don't do that!
I've only been to Dano's once and I wish I were still in the area so I could go back! I went there with my fiance and both sides of our immediate family to celebrate graduation from Cornell. We had a party of 13 and dined there on the day of graduation 2013 (about two hours after graduation, 6:30ish). It's quite a drive from Cornell on two lane back roads but it was worth it. We made reservations approximately 3 weeks in advance. I definitely recommend making reservations anywhere in Ithaca for the weekend of graduation at least 3 weeks to a month or more in advance (hotels are a different story, I'd recommend at least 4+ months in advance and if you'd like to rent a house or B&B, do that at least 6+ months in advance). We decided against ordering the family style option and instead we each ordered our own dinners. About half of us ordered wine as well (great local Fingerlake wines available). The waitress we had was very accommodating of our older family members. She also explained each menu item in detail when we asked since a lot of the items were unfamiliar to many people in our party. (I loved the spatzle and my fiance loved the smoked trout) We were there about 2+ hours and had appetizers, dinner, dessert, and coffee. We had a wonderful & memorable time, it was made extra special that we were able to enjoy the sunset and view from their huge dining room windows.
My wife and I have been here twice, and both times loved our food. I got the bento box many people have talked about. She got the smoked trout, which was delicious. The view of the lake is great, but I wish the waitstaff would spend a little more time explaining the menu, which can be intimidating for the uninitiated.
Seriously, the best restaurant in all of the Seneca Lake area. The server was so polite, informative, and friendly. Also, she took the time to get to know us and help pick out our dinner choices. Order everything and enjoy yourself. All of the appetizer spreads were delicious, especially the salmon. The beautiful sunset by the lake was phenomenal. This place was absolutely perfect.
I have been to this place twice - once in June 2013 and another time in July 2014. The first time, I was extremely impressed with the service. The owner herself came out, explained the menu, their philosophy and suggested food items. We had a wonderful time and I ordered the farmer's plate which is one huge chunk of meat - perfect for a guy like me who loves his pork. From this experience, I would rate this place as 5 stars Unfortunately, the second time I went with great expectations and ordered the farmer's plate again seeing that I so very much enjoyed it the first time. I could barely finish it (and only did because I had been taught not to waste anything on my plate). The pork shanks were the driest I have ever tasted and I could barely chew let alone swallow with mouthfuls of water. This is not the worst faux pas however. Based upon the excellent hospitality last time, I gave frank feedback to the waitress about this and I got an acknowledgment that the chef "knew" that it wasn't good because of some spiel about smoking it for too long and double cooking it. I don't care. If I am paying $30 for dinner then please do not put something uneatable on my plate. The waitress did not offer one word of apology or even offer a discount or something in redressal for this horrible steak. I don't usually write lengthy reviews on yelp but when I do its usually extremely good or extremely horrible. In this case, it was extremely horrible. I will not go to Dano's again.
Awesome, awesome German food!!!!!! I highly recommend this restaurant!!!!!!!! Beautiful view of the lake, nice atmosphere.
Excellent authentic Austrian Cuisine, Goulash and Spätzle are fantastic. The bento box sampler are also very good. I had a Grüner Veltliner, nice dry white wine from Austria
The views are spectacular, go for late lunch during the winter and dinner in the summer. That way you get to see the sun going down over the lake. In comparison to the pretty poor offerings food-wise in Ithaca, this place is amazing. Lots of lovely Austrian meat, a dish called "farmer's plate", and they always have a good selection of bottled beers. No idea why it is listed as American. It isn't, it is Austrian.
This place fails at being a restaurant. Truly a sad experience; one where none really intends to serve you for dinner, just take ur money and run.
We stopped by for an afternoon snacks after going around wine tasting on the west side of the lake.  We needed a break before starting the east side wine tasting. This is a cute little place in the middle of nowhere (that's what it felt like to us).  The interior is modern and sleek.  Outside seating with a view of Seneca lake is a plus.  The menu confused us a bit at first, but we managed to order ourselves plenty to snack; 3 scoops of spreads (Liptauer, Roasted bell pepper, and horseradish walnut) with a basket of varieties of bread and one smoked Hungarian sausage. Yes, the food is a bit pricey.  I thought of it as ..okay, I paid for the view!  The spreads were okay...Roasted bell pepper was my favorite out of the three, some bread was pretty good.  Sausage was delicious and complimented well with mustard seed sauce.  The only complaint was our waiter took forever to give us a check and the restaurant wasn't even busy at the time. I wish I got to try their entrees, but we weren't super hungry.  If we are ever in the area again, we will definitely swing by!
I live, work and play in the Finger Lakes and Dano's is my favorite place of all. To understand Dano's you have to forget what you know about restaurants and just go with it.  You will not recognize 1/2 of the menu and if you are afraid to go outside your comfort zone then I feel sorry for you. Must haves: Bread basket Liptauer spread Artichoke Lemon spread Roasted or braised meats Charcuterie Goulash with spatzle The house Gruner Veltliner, in the mug Any dessert but the strudel, amazing Espresso While I was sitting on the patio last night with my man and friends I thought how we take for granted the natural beauty of the Finger Lakes.  It made me pause in appreciation of just how lucky we are to be here, in The FLX. One word about the service; we are in wine country. They do not over staff this restaurant with tons of staff.  Things take a while. RELAX and enjoy the moment.
Dano smokes his own goulash right outside on the lawn of his restaurant. I think this says enough. But I'll say more. This is the place when you are over 5 hours drive away, you think about driving up there again for those spreads, those sausages, that melt in your mouth bone-in pork. Everything here is delicious and I always wish that I had just a bit more stomach room so I could try everything here. Or come with a large group and get that Chef's Table. If I could do my wedding over again, I would have it here. Okay, I think I've said enough about Dano's. This is destination dining at its finest.
We had 7 on very busy Saturday night, arriving in waves that took almost an hour for the entire group to show up.  Dano's didn't mind.  We didn't either, since we spent the time waiting for everyone to arrive by eating from the appetizer menu. The sampler platter had a bit of everything--spreads, meats, sausage, cheese and more.  There was little bit of something for everyone.  Next up was the pickle platter. Crunchy, sour, half-sour, garlicky, you name it.  Just great. Our entree choices included the Viennese Bento Box (a must have), the Farmer's Plate, Roast Pork, Wiener Schnitzel...accompanied by Braised Red Cabbage,  Vegetarian Heuriger Eggplant, wursts, knodel and Spatzle,  Everybody tasted everyone else's, and everyone loved it all. The wine list was, not surprisingly, exclusively Finger Lakes--mostly riesling, of which  Dano's has a dozen or so.  Although the Anthony Road 2011 Dry was almost antiseptic, the 2012 Dr. Frank Dry Riesling was very enjoyable and fit the lighthearted meal. Our waitress, Genevive (spelling?), was the best.  She's funny, knowledgeable and outgoing...great traits for someone doing what she does.  And she takes great family photographs, too. In all $370, including tip. A young member of our party sat down at the piano and played a couple of songs for himself, and it seemed the owners and staff liked it, too.  What a friendly place!  When we come back to the Finger Lakes, we will return.
Beautiful space, breathtaking views of Seneca and definitely a place worth stopping at along the wine trail. Reasons it's just "ok"? The food is overpriced, the portions are not generous and the service is so-so because the dining room is so cavernous. Dano's is gorgeous but feels like a cafeteria at an amusement park. I'm not sure why it feels like Disney World, but it does. It's not cozy - it's big guns blazing - and the menu is underwhelming in many ways. Much of it consist of cold starters like deli meats and cheeses and sausages; things that honestly don't require hours of preparation - yet the prices are steep. The standard potato/cabbage/pork dishes at German restaurants are small in portion but don't earn high marks for taste. Dano's is one of those places that is very pleasant and excels in theory more than in person. I do recommend going there in the summertime when the vines are bursting and sunlight drenches the lake and the vineyard and swells into the main dining room. For this reason the Heuriger deserves a pause for a glass of wine, some bread and some cured meat.
Meh. I want to love Dano's.  I really do.  They've put so much work into the place.  Okay, yes, the space is AMAZING.  Perfect views.  Attention to aesthetic.  But, if you go there for the food, well, perhaps you will be disappointed.  As others have said, the food is overpriced for the size of the portions.   Here is what I got--dining solo, for lunch: $8 Glass of Riesling $3 basket of bread (some were very tasty, still unsure about charging for bread) $5 cup of asparagus soup (easily the most delicious thing I had) $3.50 "scoop" of artichoke & lemon spread (could have bought something similar at Wegmans) $2.50 coffee (which was lukewarm and tasted burned; I asked for an espresso instead) xxxxxxxxxxxxx $~28 with tax & tip In hindsight, for lunch, next time: I will get the soup and bread.  Skip everything else.
While the place itself has a welcoming atmosphere and the view is really nice while eating but, the food is defiantly a concern. We heard great things from the locals and were very excited to indulge in a Austrian influenced menu. There also seems to be a lot of positive reviews and after experiencing the food I am very surprise of why this is. I will give a real portrayal of the food and maybe why you should chose to try another restaurant. The food is not overly complex very simple which can be fantastic if properly prepared. Unfortunealy the food was not prepared up to standards. The food here is a simple fair where a large portion is dedicated to roasting meats in the oven. The problem is when having the chicken I could tell that they were roasted hours ago and probably left in a warmer and then presented on the plate when ordered. The second dish we tried was the roast pork on the bone. The meat was cooked to the point where it was no longer edible. I mean this piece of meat almost made me choke. I don't like being overly dramatic and I generally try to make the best of things and just eat what's on the plate but, I was actually unable to swallow any of the meat. Now after telling the waitress of the situation and showed her the evidence she quickly removed the plate and return moments later. She apologized for the dish and said that we only have to pay for the sides and not the meat itself. I was a little appalled because you should never make a patron under no circumstances ever pay for any part of a dish if it is not edible or if there is a major issue. She may have been only following the practices of the restaurant and the problem was not the server (she was very nice) but the food. She also returned with a piece of pork shank that was just finishing roasting and wanted to see if we would like to order this dish. The problem again it was extremely dry. The spreads and cold bean salads and other delicatessen type dishes were all located by the entrance and displayed in a deli counter . Everyone in the reviews and in town talk about these spreads as if their some type of culinary wonder. Adding spices to cream cheese doesn't shout extraordinary in my book but to each their own. There is nothing flashy about the presentation and do not understand why people have raved about the plating techniques.  Placing pickle cabbage on plate and slicing a sausage and placing it next to it doesn't visually stand out. To sum things up the food is just not that good. The menu is confusing and still don't understand if there serving family style or regular entrees. Also, What on the menu is makes it Austrian? Do they add certain spices to the meat when roasting that is not typical of other cuisine? To me the menu is representation of simple fair with some Austrian influence mix in here and there. The bottom line is try it for yourself and you decide I know I have.
Every Sunday, I call home, and the conversation is almost always the same: Me: So, what'd you do this weekend? Mom: Oh, we went to Dano's today. After being dragged, somewhat reluctantly, four or five times, I can see the appeal. First, the space is gorgeous - plenty of room, fantastic view of the lake, nice furniture.  The service is exactly what it needs to be for a restaurant like this - attentive, knowledgeable, and quick.  Dano and Karen frequently swing by every table to make sure everyone is doing well and gives the place a very friendly, personal feel. The wine list is suitably wide, providing plenty of choices from all over Seneca Lake.  There's also a reasonable selection of cocktails, beer, and other beverages for those who are burnt out on wine from a day of tasting. The food comes in a variety of options, from a sharable bread basket with choice of spreads, to full blown entrees.  Any option is a safe bet.  I've had: - a tomato soup, creamy and rich; - the heuriger burger, perfectly spiced and served with the right amount of toppings and spread, paired with a german potato salad; - the roast pork, juicy and delicious; - a hunter's goulash made with wild boar, bacon, and root vegetables that, along with the spatzle, was a fantastic midday meal I can understand why my parents keep going back, and why one of my wife's primary reasons for wanting to head back to Ithaca is to swing by. I highly recommend anyone traveling to the Finger Lakes make the trip to Seneca Lake and discover this gem.
Situated primely mid-way through Seneca Lake's eastern wine trail, its unassuming exterior gives way to a modern dining room and a beautiful covered patio overlooking a gorgeous view of Seneca Lake and neighboring vineyards. While Dano's is more of a traditional restaurant than heuriger, the fare is definitely Viennese. We started off with the house board, consisting of a sampling of rillettes, cured pork, pork belly, Austrian sausage, cumin chicken wings, buffalo cheese, quince paste, and chutney. All were so incredibly delectable that they were devoured almost as soon as our waitress placed them in front of us, so we ordered the also fantastic wiener schnitzel, knodel, spätzle, and finished our meal off with some strudel. I could have stayed all afternoon sitting on the veranda, snacking and ordering bottle after bottle of Finger Lake wine.... and we practically did. The warm summer breeze, sparkling lake backdrop, and generally delicious languidness that Dano's inspires lulled us into such contentment that before we knew it, three hours had passed. A beautiful pit-stop for wine trail pilgrims to stop in and and recharge at, but don't stay too long.....the perfect combination of great food and good wine in a picture-perfect setting is so bewitching you may never want to leave!
This is the second time I visited this restaurant. The first time they had a special Turkish night and the food was really good. Tonight though, 6 of us went there and had the chef's table option. The result was 4 really small portions of meat with some appetizers and small sides. We obviously were still hungry after that, although our waiter and the chef had assured us that there would be so much food coming!!! The price was ridiculous as well at $30 per person. In addition, the chef/owner was  walking  around in his funny pants, probably making fun of us for paying $180 for this meal. Anyway, I would understand this if we were talking about some really impressive food. This is the kind of stuff you can find in any German restaurant around the world. No imagination, no interesting taste. It actually tasted like an amateur chef's work. I live in Ithaca and I have to admit that pretty much every restaurant in Ithaca is much better than this place in every aspect. I would only go there again if this was the only restaurant around.
The place was just beautiful, the food fantastic, the waitstaff knowledgeable, dog friendly, the view of Seneca Lake from the deck is amazing. Whether for lunch or dinner, RUN don't walk to this great place. During a Greyhound Event wine tour weekend it is nice to find a local place that will welcome your dogs as if they were family and at the same time fawn over them. Dano's had a gorgeous back deck off a very modern dining room with a fabulous view of Seneca Lake. My husband and I stopped for lunch between wineries on route 414. They allowed us to put a blanket out next to our table for the dogs and even brought out water for them as well. The food is amazing, some of the best I have had while traveling. The premise of this restaurant is similar to spanish tapas places. Order a bunch of small plates to share. We had one of the daily specials which was a locally made goat cheese with fig compote, a couple sausages, a housemade pickle plate (which was excellent), the Knodel (delicious) and the best Sauerkraut (braised with Bacon) I have ever had. If you are in the Seneca Lake region RUN don't walk to this fabulous establishment. Since it was lunch time and not super busy, the Chef/Owner himself came out to chat with us and the other tables (and fawn over the dogs) a few times, that to me speaks volumes of the type of homey place this is on the inside, and fancy on the outside.
What a great place to visit while taking a break from the Wine Trail. We stopped here after visiting Shalestone and were not disappointed. My favorite thing about Dano's is that: a) it's named after a character from Hawaii Five-O (maybe not, but I like to imagine it is), and b) it is a tapas-style restaurant. You can order a delicious basket of crusty bread along with a variety of spreads to eat it with (whitefish, etc.), cheese plates, charcuterie plates, German specialties, etc. All of these can be shared for a nice, eclectic array of food. Also, the restaurant offers very nice views of Lake Seneca. One of the best of the places to eat on Lake Seneca, I think.
One of the first places in a while that gave me one of those oh my god wow.  A great surprisingly spacious restaurant in the finger lake region (Seneca).  Down the road from many delicious vineyards, which might I suggest you spend your time at before or after your meal. From their web site; "Heurigers offer a flexible option to traditional restaurants.  Food is ordered a la carte  usually directly from the display counter. Customers may order all at once or order slowly. Additional food can be requested as the meal progresses. Waiters can take orders at the table, they serve your food as well as take drink and dessert orders.   Sharing is encouraged so customers have the opportunity to sample the many flavors  of our cuisine.  More traditional appetizer and entree options are available in the form of daily specials." My friends and I arrived for a late lunch and enjoyed a Chef's Table.  The selection was wonderful, with courses timed perfectly.  All the items were served simple, yet with a subtle new groove feeling.  We began our meal with a selection of eight different spreads and a basket of mixed breads along with many cold style salads (not leafy).  We progressed through our meal while sampling five or six different main entrees all served with wonderful side dishes and delicious sausages.  Our server and the chef's managed to time everything perfectly and offered a warm friendly welcoming environment. We greatly enjoyed the food and the professional staff who waited and guided us through our journey.  My only regret was reading the menu and thinking about all the others items I did not get to try!
Everything here is sourced locally and made lovingly by hand by Dano or his wife.  Though the restaurant is Viennese, there's a Hungarian element to it as well.  We had a number of dishes including the charcuterie special, beets & horseradish, fennel & parsnip soup, braised sauerkraut, and spatzel.  All were divine. The wine recommendations were spot on and the bread pudding dessert was the lightest and probably best bread pudding I've ever had. We came during a quiet period (post Labor Day but before the fall foliage) and practically had Dano to ourselves.  He came out and spoke to us for quite a bit and told us much about himself (he's a former ballet dancer) and his approach.  He makes his own cheeses and sausage and his vegetables come from his neighbors' gardens. We can't wait to go back.
Pretentious atmosphere, bad service and the person seating guests was acting absolutely overwhelmed even though the place was empty. We will definitely not be going there again, much better restaurants are available in the area.
I just got back from vacation; my family went all wineries in finger lake area- highly recommended!!!- try Wine Spectator for guide....  This restaurant is the gem of seneca lake.  Best food in finger lake area.  We went there 2 times and it was great both - the first time we ate in the restaurant and next day, we ordered lots of food togo and went some local secret swimming place.   Fantabulous for togo and eat in!!!!
I may be generous with 3 stars, it was really more like 2.5 Dano's has a gorgeous space with amazing views. The initial service we received was very good, we were seated by the owner himself, and he was very accommodating. Despite the lovely space, the front of Dano's is set-up like some sort of high-end cafeteria. It had the kind of feeling of something trying to be cute and unique, but came across more as a bit pretentious and hipster. Once we were seated the service wasn't so good. Our server seemed to be run ragged by a group of young men constantly ordering more. She was definitely vying for a big tip from the group. When not tending to that table's needs, she seemed set on ignoring her other tables to catch a breath. Food is very good, but not at all filling and portion sizes are miniscule. Couple that with prices on the very high side for the area and expect to pay a bundle if you want to fill your tummy. If you are looking to sample the food, I would suggest stopping in for a mid-morning or mid-afternoon snack rather than a complete meal. You will be hungry afterward anyway. . .
I am SO over the moon that this place has multiple (great!) reviews.  I feel that the restaurants in this area are soooooo fantastic and  yet there is not much Yelp support.  Come on Yelpers....let's get it going! Ok.....onto Dano's....this is our place to stop at as soon as we get up to the Seneca Lake area.  German delicacies abound!  Sauerkraut, Red Cabbage, Germans Sausages and the ohhhhh the Goulash soup ...holy leiderhosen is it out of this world!   Dano's is tapas style but they do not let you feeling unsatisfied or frustrated with the lack of food that you might experience at other tapas eateries.  Portions are generous leaving more than enough for everyone at the table to share.   The views are just as incredible as the food.  It's not hard to look out of the panoramic Windows and find yourself mesmerized by the    sweeping  views of Seneca Lake and its rolling hills dotted with rows of grape vines. Beautiful views accompanied by delicious and delectable food......what more could you want!
This place has got "it." I've only had the pleasure of eating here once when visiting friends upstate for a weekend of wine tasting. We stopped here in between wineries at my best friend's recommendation and the 7 or 8 of us were seated at a big, long table in the center of the restaurant. The dining room is spacious and the views picturesque. It was impossible to select just three of their delicious spreads to try and all our choices were winners (Hotel Sacher, Artichoke Lemon).  I also had the Pork Schnitzel - authentic and delic. It was the perfect meal and left me happy and energized to continue to the next wine tasting!
The space is gorgeous. The menu is...confusing, and you should have an adventurous palate for some of it. We got the sausage soup, bread basket ($5? sheesh), bento box and the burger. Everything was pretty delicious but despite all of this we did leave a little hungry. I'd still recommend people check it out at least once, maybe for lunch instead of dinner as there weren't any real dinner items on the menu that we could tell. We arrived at 4 so maybe we were early.
Terrific. An unusual exterior (restaurant appears out of nowhere along a country highway and looks more like a private home than a James Beard -quality restaurant), but a fantastic atmosphere inside. Everything we ordered was a huge hit. Schnitzel was very good; the spreads (of which the liptauer was the best) really stole the show (the ability to view each of them behind a display case helped in the ordering process. Knodel isn't the ideal summer food, but it's quite well done. And the bread pudding was as good as any I've had. Dano's is worth a trip.
Let me just say that my rating is not because of the food nor the service. It is because of the unprofessional manager which i believe is the owner's wife. First the good: I live in the area and I've been to Danos 5 different times and I have ALWAYS been impressed with the food. So when my friends from CT came up, it was a no brainer on where I was going to bring them. It was 13 of us and we sat outside and the scenery was amazing. Our waitress was extremely helpful and recommended the chef plate. The appetizers, spreads, meats, sides and desserts were AMAZING!! The waitress was extremely helpful and had a great personality and was professional..So much so we decided to tip 22%. We paid mostly with cash and split $170 on two credit cards. When we realized things we were taking long in getting our cards back to us we decided to get up and see  what was taking so long. All of a sudden the manager/owner's wife came out yelling at us ..HOLD ON HOLD ON!! She said that they did not add tip to the bill and we did not give enough, she then proceeded to count the money and credit card charges right in front of us and everyone else. Needless to say it was EXTREMELY embarrassing to see her making a scene in front of the entire outside dinning room. It was discovered that SHE missed one of the credit cards that we gave the waitress, which is why the bill was missing the tip that we GENEROUSLY gave more then what was recommended. When she left a few of us decided to go in and let her know how unprofessional she was and how embarrassing it was for her to come out to our table and make a scene,implying that we were trying to short change the staff. Instead of humbling herself and apologizing she came with a line of excuses as to why she was justified. Not saying this will be my last time at Danos but it will be the last time I tip as generously as I did and definitely the last time I show up with a large group. All in All ...Food (4 stars), Service (4 stars), management needs some training
I have never been to a heuriger before, which is meant to offer a flexible option to traditional restaurants.  Food is ordered a la carte, can be ordered slowly or all at once, and can be viewed at the display counter.  An interesting idea, although I didn't see anyone at the restaurant going up to the display when I dined there last Saturday night.   We found the menus a little overwhelming for first timers.  The waiter was helpful with our questions however.  There is a main menu with a  lot of mainstay items (soups, spreads, salads, charcuterie, fish, roast meats, side dishes, vegetarian, sweets) and a fairly full specials menu with a dozen or so selections.  This probably sounds picky, but for a first time patron of a Viennese heuriger, it all seemed rather complicated - perhaps a more simplified menu, set menu option, sampler menus, might have been better.   We started with 1 spread and 2 salads: horseradish beet which had a lot of kick to it, cucumber dill (very refreshing), and liptauer which went well with bread.   All the food thereafter was mediocre.  We shared the farmer's plate, which was a piece of sausage, pork chop, pork rib, and meatloaf topped with heaping amounts of sauerkraut.  The borscht was equally unimpressive. If you are dining late, make sure to bring a flashlight.  Either I'm getting old and can't see properly or they need some extra lights for the path from the parking lot to the door!!  One day, someone is going to have a bad tumble on the gravel parking lot without additional lighting.  The building is modern and unique, although interior could use a paint job. With a bottle of pinot noir from a local winery, dinner for 2 was $90 including tax and tip.  Given all the positive reviews and very large menu, I would like to give it another try if I'm back in the Finger Lakes.
A perfect way to close out the day. Dano's has it all - warm, inviting ambiance, unique and delicious dishes, great service, and exceptional views of Seneca Lake. I can highly recommend the celery root salad, Brussels sprouts, walnut horseradish spread, and roast chicken. Take your time, and finish off the meal with a tasty espresso.
YUMMY! Got the veggie bento box as they were out of the veggie lasagna.  Perfect.  shared with my BF as there was plenty for both of us.  There was spaetzle, mashed potato, red pepper spread, coleslaw, eggplant in tomato sauce, can't remember what else.  So good.  Kind of healthy too!  LOVE the Gruner in the mug.
The food is good.  You have to get by medusa at the gate though.  The manager/reservation manager is one of the nastiest people on the planet.  She is vile for walking and over the phone.
I had no idea what to expect from Dano's when I walked in. I had looked at their menu online a few times, but I only recognized a few items so I was sure I was in for some kind of surprise. Dano's is an unassuming building on the eastern side of Seneca Lake. We were given a table on their covered outdoor patio that offered a nice view of the lake. Their dining room appeared to be nice as well. The wall facing the lake is comprised of all glass, so you still get the view. All the information I had about this place is what I've read in the reviews here. I knew I wanted to try some of the spreads, but that was about it. I was hoping our server would be able to help us navigate through the uncharted waters, but she didn't seem interested. In fact, she seemed annoyed that we didn't know exactly what we wanted. So we just took a few shots in the dark. We ordered three spreads (liptauer, pumpkin seed oil, and lemon artichoke). They were all very tasty, with the liptauer probably being my favorite. We also ordered three of their salads (celery root, corn, and large bean). They were probably my least favorite part of the meal but still were enjoyable. As if that wasn't enough, we also ordered the Farmer's Plate to split. All of the pork was absolutely delicious. Plus I hadn't had sauerkraut in some time, so I thoroughly enjoyed several helpings of it. Other than our server, everything was very good. There were a few other items on the menu that I would certainly go back for to try. It will give me a good excuse to get out to the Finger Lakes again.
Excellent restaurant - not to be missed if you're in the Finger Lakes region. The food is outstanding, only to be matched by the impressive views of Lake Seneca. I can't get over the pickles and the breads/spreads. Hands down, one of my top five restaurants of all time.
We had a chef's tasting. Don't skimp on the spreads! Theyre amazing! The eggplant appetizer dish and the goulash are the best. The other dishes were average tasting.
Couldn't even try the food during this visit because of the awful service. For a Thursday lunch during peak summer season they only had one server who we never actually saw. They warned us that they had only one server so it might be a while, but after 10 minutes we made for the exits. Even with one server, there were only a few filled tables there, and we could have at least been brought some bread or offered drinks. For the prices they charge (for good food based on my past experiences) I expected better.
Dano's was a welcome surprise for lunch. We sat on the beautiful back patio and enjoyed the view of the lake. The food was delicious and there were many healthy options as well as traditional savory fare. Dano came over to chat and is quite a character. Highly recommended if you're in the area.
I always get the bento box. Always. I know bento is not authentic, but this is truly the best way to sample a little bit of everything delicious.  The farmer's plate is another good choice for variety.  Dano's was usually a group adventure, so the rotating small plate appetizers were always sampled.  Cheese, meats, spreads, everything here is great!  The desserts are equally delectable.  There's a decent beverage selection, highlighting some local Finger Lakes wines.  Plus, the view of the lake is amazing.
Great place. We heard about this through Frommer's (it got 3 out if 3 stars) and decided to give it a shot. The Austrian style of food appealed to us, as it seemed like there were not too many places like it in the Watkins Glen area. Upon arrival, we got our choice of seats on the patio outside with the sun setting on the lake. Beautiful. Started off with some bread and a few spreads, and asked the server what kind of soups they had. She suggested the cream of mushroom (which wasn't even on the menu yet), freshly made with the mushrooms she had picked locally herself. It was to die for. We even came back the next day for more! Our entrees were great as well, and went perfect with the bottle of local Pino noir from down the road. Again, great place. Would recommend it to anyone.
This is a nice place with a fairly good view of Seneca lake.  The building and decor is unique and creative.  The food is very good.  The service started out good, but our waitress sort of lost track of us toward the end.   Ladies, don't wear a heel to this restaurant, you have to walk down a gravel path to get to the entrance.  It's a very casual place, anyway.
Great spot. Beautiful environment, inside and out. The dining room is stunning, and the covered patio is great. I had lunch with my dogs, they were extremely accommodating. Sausages were excellent, with a nice glass of a local wine, and an excellent cup of coffee. The service was very good. Came back late for a drink on the patio with my partner. Again, the service was very nice, attentive yet not cloying. Can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu!
This place was awesome. As having traveled to Austria many, many times, this place is spot on in terms of traditional Austrian heuriger food. In terms of the style of the building, decor, etc, it isn't like a traditional heuriger, although who cares when you have that amazing view of the lake? Must haves that were enjoyed by our table: artichoke lemon spread gorgonzola spread olive tapenade spread Viennese potato salad schnitzel and spaetzle (of course!) vegetarian eggplant and fruit strudel We were hesitant to try the strudel based on a review here, but it was their special of the day and it was delicious. Also we had some dietary restrictions in our group and they were VERY accommodating. Overall a wonderful place to enjoy a meal and drink in this region.
Dano used to be a cook in a fraternity at Cornell. That was the only thing I knew about this place before going. If you ever lived in a frat/sorority and have been on the house dining plan, you know that's not something to brag about. We got there early and were able to score a table outside on the patio. The scenery is so beautiful that the memories bring tears to my eyes.* I never had anything Viennese, so this was an eye-opening experience. Everything here is ordered a la carte so it's not easy on the wallet. They have a decent wine selection from neighboring vineyards as well as some Austrian beers/wines. The spreads here are AMAZING, don't overlook them! You can see them in the display case as you walk thru the dining room and I admit they don't look appetizing in there. You can order 3 spreads for $6.75, be sure Liptauer and roasted red pepper spread are two of your choices. (I'd stay away from the artichoke lemon, because it's grounded artichoke, lemon and sea salt.) Don't forget to order the bread basket for $4.75, this is when the a la carte style menu starts to hurt so look to the daily specials. Some specials are not a la carte hence, more items in each dish. I ordered the Austrian bento box special ($19) which consisted of a spread, Viennese cabbage, bratwurst, roast pork shank, cucumber salad, spatzle and knodel. The pork shank was so tender that I just drooled on my keyboard thinking about it. (TMI?) The spatzle and knodel was an odd pairing because they are both starches. The service was great; I love a place that manages to keep my water glass full for the length of my meal. Dano's also does catering and private parties so they may not always be open if you're in town. This place is a bit off the Seneca wine trail but is a great place to start/end your wine travels. I can't wait to go back *No, YOU"RE A PANSY.
Now this place DESERVES to be rated and ranked high. Everything about these guys are perfect. That may be a grand statement but let me explain. I love these guys. I've been to my fair share of nice places, had amazing meals around the world, but this place is what I call perfect. The food was delicious, thoughtfully prepared and presented well. Each component was made carefully, dished appropriately and served with a smile and grace. The husband and wife team, husband cooks and wife bakes, works as a great team, the staff work well too. The design of the space is warm, sunny and beautiful, although a bit uninspiring from the parking lot. We loved the foods so much, we bought even more to bring home. They wrapped everything up nicely in containers, seperating everything for the long ride back. They are very thoughful, and their restaurant is brimming with pride. The price was right, great selection of wines and drinks, knowledgable staff and again, great food. This Austrian concept is like nothing I've had before, I only wish they had one closer in the city. I will definitely be back!
Dano's is a must visit if you're in the Finger Lakes.  The food comes with a very high approval rating from my Bavarian boyfriend, and that takes a lot!  Dano, wife and staff are super friendly, as well, and it's wonderful location.  The best is outside on a summer day.
After hearing reports from friends who dined here and reading the recent Syracuse newspaper review we decided to take the scenic drive to Dano's for dinner Saturday night. It's 1 hr 20 min from Syracuse by way of the Thruway and Rte 414 but we took the scenic route through Skaneateles and Auburn and spent 90 minutes of pleasant travel getting there. Modern, airy light filled space with a contemporary but casual feel. Floor to ceiling windows and a covered patio allow a spectacular view of sunsets on Seneca Lake - the shore of which is 300 to 400m yards from the property. Simple menu of Austrian traditional specialties with an emphasis on house cured meats (bratwurst, knockwurst and bockwurst,) spreads with bread, and "salads" (most of which do not include greens.) We shared a full bread basket (truly excellent breads) with a plate of three spreads, one cup (really a small bowl) of cream of wild ramps and garlic soup (subtle but phenomenally good,) and each had the "1/4 roasted chicken." They allow a choice of light or dark meat and the 1/4 chicken of dark meat is just one large chicken leg (no wing) but at $5.95 with two side dishes included it's still a bargain. The chicken was excellent - juicy and nicely roasted with a crispy caramelized skin. I had a knodel (like a ball of poultry dressing) and sauerkraut as my sides and my GF had asparagus and spatzle. Her sides were excellent - mine were just "okay" (no one - and I mean no one - makes sauerkraut like Eva's in Solvay and Dano's was no exception.) Also had one glass of grape juice from a local farm - quite good (concord style or so it appeared.) I finished a cup of coffee from Keuka Coffee Roasters - much better than average for restaurant coffee. Rarely do I ever find a cup of coffee in a restaurant that's good enough to warrant a second cup (often not even the first cup!) but this was better than decent. We shared a piece of chocolate-apricot cake that we both agreed was one of the best desserts we'd had in years. Not overly sweet, not overly dense, and just when the taste of chocolate was dissipating at the end of each bit there was a burst of raspberry flavor on your tongue. It came with dense home-made whipped cream on the side that was also excellent. Service was casual, efficient and unobtrusive. The menu may not be for everyone but we really enjoyed it and will return in the area or we can justify the long drive. Overall bill for all of the above was $52 including tax but not including tip for two people. Great experience and very affordable by finer restaurant standards.
In the 4 years I lived in Ithaca, I never made it to Dano's old restaurant in The Commons and now I wish I had!  Dano is an absolute joy who seems to genuinely love cooking and making sure his guests have a nice meal.  My bf and I had lunch here during our self-guided Seneca Lake wine tour and it was simply delightful.  We sat on the gorgeous back patio and Dano came over several times to chat and make sure we liked our food. They were out of paté so we tried a bluefish spread that was pretty good but I would have preferred paté.  But the bread basket it came with was awesome, especially the savory cream-puff looking knots and crispy crostini.  B had a huge sausage plate with yummy stoneground mustard.  I had the Viennese Bento Box and loved almost every bit of it.  The pork shank was AMAZING - falling-off-the-bone tender, juicy, and flavorful.  I'm saddened to read that not all Yelpers had the same experience with their pork shanks; mine was perfect and certainly cooked fresh.  I had been excited to try the Liptauer (an Austrian cream cheese spread with red pepper, paprika, and other spices) but this turned out to be my least favorite item in the Bento Box.  It wasn't bad, but it just tasted like heavily paprika'd cream cheese, and I didn't want to fill up on that spread over more bread when I had so many other tasty things on my plate.  I finished every last drop of the buttery soft Spaetzle and the braised sauerkraut with bacon though.  Yum!!  No way I could have finished the whole Bento Box, even without the bread and extra spread.  It was a ton of food. The meal wasn't cheap but it was the most perfect spot to sit outside and enjoy a leisurely, filling lunch during our wine tour.
A must stop. Real Austrian food. The sauerkraut  is amazing.  The sausages and spreads are quite good.  The views of the lake an decor make this a very nice late lunch or early dinner.
What a cute place! A unique Austrian style restaurant where all the food was marvelous. It is heavy cuisine-I can't see eating it all the time. I recommend getting a large variety of items and sharing. Do not miss out on the delightful spreads. Our server was great, though the owner's wife who greated us came across a tad snooty, so I am taking a point off for service. I get enough attitude in the city- I want warm and friendly when I am upstate!
WOW!  Danos offers an amazing selection of German specialties, many of which we sampled and all of which were delicious. For the spreads, try the Hotel Sacher (tasted like deviled eggs), pumpkin seed oil and artichoke.  For the salads, the salisfy is not to be missed (the beet and cucumber salads were also excellent). The pork parikas was divine, the spatzel yummy, the mashed potatoes awesome and the knodel was so delicious words just can't do it justice. Don't be fooled by the boring exterior, the dining room is quite lovely and the covered patio has beautiful views of Seneca Lake. This restaurant is way ahead of the German wine bar trend just catching on in NYC and will be a mighty tough act to follow.
This is a nice stop near the Seneca Lakes and was a welcome stop between wine tastings. We did not order any entrees, just appetizers. Appetizers didn't blow me away since there was no "cooking", and we got the bread, meats and cheese platter with a side of corn salad. The corn salad was disappointing, it was not fresh like the corn was from a can or frozen. To warn those who don't know what an Austrian Dumpling is-I'd have to say, it wasn't what I expected (think spongy bread/meat ball) It's always a plus that the food is local and fresh (maybe not the corn) and I like the outdoor patio and all glass walls.
Fantastic Austrian food. This place is a gem!  Chicken/Riesling/root vegetables soup is one of the finest I've ever had. Beautiful views and friendly staff.  You'll have trouble making up your mind - but get a variety of small plates and go crazy!
What a fun and cool place. Nice open atmosphere with high ceilings and a great view at sunset. Anyone with some need for a change in palate must give this a try. Never had Austrian before and while it is similar to German it's still a nice adventure from the norm of brew pubs and Italian joints. We loved the spreads (especially Liptauer) and the Knodel best and hope I come back again from Philly one day
Great atmosphere, views. The owener is a great guy. Food has a feeling home cooking
My wife and I we're married in the town of Lodi and we had dinner at Dano's after our ceremony.  We made reservations for 10 in advance.  The night we arrived they had a table set aside for us either inside or outside so we could pick which one we wanted.  It was a Saturday evening and it wasn't too busy.  Just the right amount of people.  The view is amazing and our waiter was wonderful.  We ordered the chef's table and a few specific sides plus a bottle of red and white wine.  The bread they bring out is delicious and comes with 6 different spreads.  One member of our party is allergic to walnuts and they separated the nut dishes and let us know which was which.  We were more than pleased with the Chef's table.  There was plenty of everything (meats, vegetables, pasta and fish) It ended up being far more food than we could finish.  Our server was extremely attentive and we never had to look for him once.   In the end, we ordered about six bottles of wine and with the chefs table, a few sides and some coffee all around (we had wedding cake back at our B&B so we didn't order dessert) the total with tip came to about $40 per person.  We couldn't believe it.  Such a reasonable and inexpensive bill for an exemplary meal.   My wife and I along with all of our guests loved this restaurant.  We will make the nearly 6 hour drive from NYC again just to revisit Dano's which made our wedding day more fantastic and memorable than we could have ever imagined.
Maybe I'm ruined for Austrian food, but this was nothing compared to Herwig's in State College.  The building (albiet ugly on the outside) was nice inside and seems good for groups.  The food lacked the depth of flavor I expected.
I have been to Dano's several times and I have always been extremely pleased. My only complaint is that I usually eat too much and then do not have any room for dessert.   Dano's is the only place around to get Spaetzle, and it's an extra treat that the restaurant is so beautiful, the view is wonderful, and there are good wines to drink.
The setting overlooking Seneca Lake and the service were top-notch.  Loved the modern decor and open feel.  We sat outdoors and loved the vibe.  Ordered the Bento Box and loved all the cool and tart salads, along with pork and the chicken sausage with red wine mustard sauce.  Perfect for summer, al fresco dining.  All were tasty and it was fun mixing and matching the proteins with the salads.  Save room for dessert - the choco cherry bread pudding was amazing.  Will def go back if ever in the area.
This spot was so lovely, indoors and out - the view of Seneca Lake from the outdoor seating was gorgeous. We showed up hungry at an "off" hour neither lunch nor dinner and were seated at our request outdoors as we had our 3 year old with us. She was able to run around their surrounding grounds while we relaxed and had delicious light fare (surprising, I know, since you wouldn't imagine that possible with Viennese food) which included a sampling of salads, a bread basket with spreads, and a great local beer. The waitress was very accommodating. I'd love to come back in the off-season and sit inside as atmosphere inside was very cozy.
I went to Dano's with my family yesterday. I had been before and enjoy sitting outside with a gorgeous view of the lake. The food is fabulous, very fresh, but can be expensive. I go there for the food and the view, but not the service. The two waiters were not touchy feely. They were quick and interrupted our conversations a lot. I have dietary needs and they didn't seem so eager or delighted to accomodate/go out of their way to/out of their routine/lingo. The owner is super personable and we liked that the last time we went, but the young waitstaff, needs a talking to!
I went here on a weekend in the summer and really enjoyed it.  We ate outside on the patio, and had a beautiful view of the sunset over the lake; definitely recommend eating outside if you have the option.  The food was excellent and the setting was lovely.  It was nice, coming from Ithaca where everything feels "relaxed", to go somewhere with a slightly more formal atmosphere.  Food is a little pricy, but a nice treat.
Wife and I had dinner here. It is Austrian food, which is akin what you'd get at a beer garden. The food served is delicious, fresh and well prepared. We had the spreads, tomato soup, and farmer's plate. All were excellent. My wife liked the soup so much she ordered another bowl. Dano is a friendly guy who talks to all the guests and takes pride in his restaurant. This is a must stop if you're in the area.
Great food, relaxed atmosphere, great views, friendly people.
Gorgeous, but I think we caught the chef on a bad night.  I loved his restaurant when it was on the Commons.  Loved the beets...
This weekend I took some friends and family on a short wine tour and made reservations at Dano's. This was the first ime that we have gone there and I heard some good things about it. When we arrived there were only a few tables occupied and so we were seated right away. There was one waitress on at the time and she was very pleasant and informative. We ordered our drinks and then ordered our food. I ordered the farmer's plate which had pork shank and pork roast and saurkraut that was fantastic. My brother-in-law had the 1/2 chicken and said that it was the best he ever had. Everyone enjoyed thier dinner. So why am I giving Dano's three stars? The service was horrible. The place got very packed very fast and for the longest time there was just the one server. Finally another guy showed up and took some of the pressure away but we waited very long for our desserts and coffee and my brother-in-law ordered another beer and it finally showed when we were ready to leave. Now if you know that you have a certain number of reservations don't you think you would have extra help? We waited 45 minutes for our check and finnally had to go up to the register with our coats on in order to get the message across. I don't blame the waitress but I do blame the owner who was there but not helping out at all. I will have to think long and hard about going back and it's a shame because the food was so damn good.
The complete meal from start to finish.  The Bento box had a bit of everything.  The Linzer Tort was spot on.  The Hungarian sausage and sauerkraut with bacon went well with Schloss Riesling.  We will be making this a must stop next time we visit the Finger Lakes.
