We got into Watkins Glen State Park after a very stressful drive into New York state. If you are coming from out of state, it is very important for you to know that state troopers will pull you over if you are from out of state, even if you are not speeding but are unfortunate enough to be in a group of cars that has someone who is speeding. The evening we arrived, we were pleased to find that the weather report was incorrect and what should have been thunderstorms actually turned into a sunny afternoon. We arrived shortly after 3pm on a Wednesday. The registration process was very slow, but the folks behind the desk managed to get by. If you're travelling with pets, you will need your rabies certificate(s) in hand at the registration process because they record the numbers on the certificate. The electric spots that allows pets were hard to get, but worth the difficulty. There is a large reservation fee ($9) for booking online in advance and if you are an out-of-state camper you will be also hit with another fee ($5) for being a non-resident. In total, a simple water/electric site booked online, a few days in advance, by a couple of out-of-state folks ran us $39 for one night-which is a little steep for a state park, in my humble opinion. The sites, those advertised as gravel sites, were mostly dirt. Unlike other state parks (I'm looking at you Myrtle Beach State Park) there is ample room between spaces so you get a chance to take in the scenery without feeling like you're getting packs in like sardines. Additionally, the road that leads into the camping area is very hilly and full of potholes, so be sure to check that your camper is not overloaded or unbalanced because you will rock quite a bit. We would definitely recommend staying for at least one or two days to hike the gorge and really take in the beauty of the park. The waterfall trails get a lot of visitors everyday, so getting an unobstructed view of the falls without a tourist or two in the way might take a little time, but it's well worth some patience.
Came here with a group of 3 and we used the coordinates listed on the main state park homepage. No issues getting to the parking lot. The lot that the website takes you is the upper parking lot and it is the main entrance. They have restrooms at the entrance but none during the hike. I would recommend coming here as early as possible to avoid tour groups. This was the first NY state park that I've been to that has tour groups visiting the area. The trails are well marked and they have man made stairs for you. The hike is easy. There are some areas where the floor is wet so you have to be careful because it can be slippery and there are some areas with mud. I would recommend wearing light hiking shoes. The photo opportunities here are okay. Mainly because you have to take the photos while on the trail and if there's a lot of people, it's hard to maneuver. You can be adventurous and climb over into the ravine but it is slippery and can be dangerous. You definitely need some upper body strength to pull yourself over the wall to get back onto the trail.  All the photo opportunities are on the Gorge Trail. Once you go on that trail and walk to the other side of the park, we took the Indian Trail back to the main entrance parking lot. This way you can avoid the people and there's a lot more road space on the Indian Trail. I also wish that this place would be open during the winter time. I bet the area would look amazing. It would be dangerous because of the frozen steps but it would be worth it! They do have a gift shop and snack complex all in one. They sell hot dogs, nachos with cheese, guacamole with nachos, ice cream, etc. We didn't try their food. I would recommend coming here (get here early) and will definitely be back. Google GPS coordinates: 42.375896 -76.871078 (needs to be converted if you want to use it for your TomTom or Garmin) Parking is $8 No dogs allowed on the Gorge Trail.
A MUST-SEE BEFORE YOU DIE kind of place! Only $8 to park in the lot, duck into a cool tunnel and emerge into another world: Two intense miles (mostly uphill) of hiking on the Gorge Trail (or the Indian Trail) with 19 waterfalls (you can walk underneath, behind, and touch the falling water), a suspension bridge with a breathtaking view and more. Get a map from the visitor center in the lot, wear sneakers, bring a camera!
Absolutely beautiful rock formations and natural waterfalls. Great hike in September while the foliage is changes! Agree with one reviewer to park on the top and walk down... Much easier walk!!!
I'll make this short and sweet. If you're thinking of going: GO. If you're not thinking of going: What the hell, man? What is wrong with you? Get your shit together and go. Go early. Parking is $8, and the park can fill up quickly. This is a beautiful, but fairly light, hike. Plenty of stairs though, so be prepared.
The most beautiful State Park I have ever been to! My coworker told me about this park & I was dying to go after seeing her pictures. It rained when we went & I was still in awe. There are 800 steps & a bunch of different trails to walk along. The views are breathtaking! You can also take pictures in front of & behind the 19 waterfalls found in the park. The park is well kept and gives you plenty of information along the way. There is a shuttle that takes you from entrance to entrance. It is $8 to park per vehicle & there is also a gift shop near the main entrance. Pets are allowed, but only on certain trails. Definitely wear sneakers & it can get crowded in certain spots, especially on the narrow paths. Definitely worth the trip & there are plenty of wineries nearby to go to after. The walk takes about 2 hours, so wear comfortable shoes & don't forget your camera!
If you're looking to hike on the main trail (Gorge trail), keep in mind that you don't need to enter at the main entrance. During the high season, there can be a bit of traffic with all the cars trying to get in there. A better alternative is to use either the south or north entrance, the latter of which is basically the other end of the trail anyway. This also gives you the option of avoiding the pedestrian congestion at the spiral staircase near the main entrance (although that waterfall is worth the trek down the staircase!). The park is super beautiful, but prepare to get a bit wet, and don't wear your new shoes here.
The main gorge trail is simply incredible.  There are many beautiful gorges in this area, but Watkins Glen has a particularly magical feel to it due to the narrow gorge and made-made elements that actually enhance the natural beauty rather than detract from it. We also spent 2 nights at the campground.  We were in the Tuscarora Village loop and I must say that, contrary to many other reviews, the bathrooms and showers were VERY clean.  The showers in particular look like they must have been remodeled within the past year or so.  Only complaint is that the park doesn't even observe its own quiet hours.  Although quiet hours are 10 PM to 8 AM, a garbage truck came through to empty the dumpsters along our loop at 7 AM!  Not cool. CHEAPSKATE TIP: Your $8 park admission or camping permit is valid at all NYS parks for the day, so you can combine a visit to Watkins Glen with visits to Buttermilk Falls, Treman, Taughannock, or any other nearby parks.
Must see.  Very cheap - parking admission only.  How many places in the east coast can u see natural marvels such as this.  Nice hike and u can see gorge.
There are enough reviews about the park and how beautiful it is. It really is, go visit it for sure. TIP - I just wanted to leave this tip as we found this extremely helpful. Park at the lot at the bottom of the gorge and take the SHUTTLE bus to the top entrance so that you can CLIMB DOWN instead of taking the 2-3 hour trek up. Its $3 per adult and free for kids. My sister and family had visited Watkins Glen couple of years back and they told us this and we're glad that we followed it. We were traveling with a toddler and since you can't take a stroller with you this was the best advice we could've got. It can get slippery and wet so just be careful with the kids. We all enjoyed it a lot. If you have infants, toddlers or older people in your group definitely do this. Highly recommended.
AWESOME.  There isn't much else to say other than come here!
Amazing place. Went on the gorge trail and had an awesome time. Lot's of amazing sites. A whole mess of stairs so wear comfortable shoes you don't mind messing up as it's wet in some areas. Water, bring water. Don't miss this place.
It is very hard to find natural gorges as beautiful and peaceful as this! PLAN YOUR TRIP: There are 3 entrances. The best is to park your car at the main entrance, then hop onto the $3 per person shuttle (last one leaves at 5:00pm or so) to the South entrance, then walk down the Gorge Trail. Wear bright clothing and sandals (or waterproof shoes). Due to the location, the gorges look best during late afternoon hours. TRAILS: There are 3 of them. Just take the Gorge Trail which is very well marked and most beautiful. The trail is semi-paved with natural rocks. They could get wet and slippery so make sure proper shoes are worn. The downhill path takes an hour (south to main entrance). The uphill one (main to south entrance) takes about 1.5-2 hours. Bathrooms and snack available at the entrance but nothing in between. Bottle water is almost a must.
Amazing views and a moderate hike so wear shoes not flips flops. Be prepared to get your feet wet unless you get creative in certain areas. $8 gets you through the gorge and the park for the day. Great way to spend some family time.
Beautiful falls. Must wear comfy clothes. You will get your shoes/feet a little wet. Its a simple hike. Not much needed. Bring camera. We like the Gorge Trail best. Parking was $8. Shuttle was $3. False advertising with Nathans Hotdogs. Food was just ok. Expect tourism tasting food/snacks there. Great for a hiking date. Overall beautiful views!
What a Gods Creation. Located @ Finger Lakes region by Watkins Glen south of Seneca lake you wouldn't think this falls even existed. We started at the upper Level entrance.. Which is part of the open to the backwoods and the lower part is connected to the village. Trekking down hill along side of the narrow Gorge and the Glen creek towards the Rainbow bridge and falls. This place is beautiful, priceless ..I'm so glad that I've seen this place. So far one of the most Tiring almost 1.5 M hike and another to get back to your parking lot, but you can walk the Indian trail that runs along the wooded side of the Gorge which my Friends did. Descending down the gorge you'll meet people of varied age. Just extra caution because the trail is very slippery. You'll need a strong traction and comfy shoes and a Camera to capture the natures beauty. The only thing as I reached the Gift shop for assistance since I wasn't feeling well if I can find a cab to take me back to the upper level entrance.They can't do anything but to call 911. It was uneasy and uncomfortable on my part.. But still it was a Friendship time with the BFFS to make memoirs with them. A place I would recommend to everyone...
My best friend and I went there past July this year. We had a great time!!! Definitely I will go back with my boys and hubby. Definitely wear comfortable sneakers!! I've seen some people wore flip flops or dressed shoes, wrong kind!! Waterfalls are awesome! Bring water! And camera!
Having seen more than 12 waterfalls at various locations along our road trip in the Finger Lakes (i.e. Buttermilk, Robert Treman, Cornell University, High Falls in Rochester, Taughnook), this is a must see. If you don't want to pay for the $7 parking, you can park on the streets. For avid hikers, this is an easy hike which is a steady slope going up if you start from beneath with lots of stairs. Take your time as you'll want to take lots of photos. There are sections of mud and you may get a little wet from going under 2 of the falls. If you decide to walk back through the woods, know that there is no view of the creek or falls which was fine by us. There is a bathroom and gift shop at both ends of the park. If you don't want to walk back 1 way, there is a $3 shuttle that you can take at each end, but it is not always in service so you should ask about it.
Amazing location in a rural part of upstate New York.  Pictures will not do it justice but photos from the park have been used in media film all over the country. During the summer you could mistake this park as being in a tropical country.
Simply amazing place. I was in awe after visiting this place and happy that I got a chance to see one of nature's most unique creations. The gorge trail is nothing like you have ever seen before. Walking along the gorge, through the waterfalls, over the stream - just simply beautiful. Would recommend doing this train from the top coming down and then going back up - rather than start from the bottom and then come back down. The trail is wet / soggy / mucky at places - which makes it fun - but you also need to be careful not to slip and slide. If you are into photography - offers great options as well.
This was incredible. I don't think I've ever hiked through a gorge. I've rafted through the Royal Gorge, but a walking tour gives your greater appreciation for the rocky faces' gravitas. I think I found the perfect way to enjoy this hike without too much exertion. We started at the Upper Entrance and did the Gorge Trail toward the lower entrance. Then we stayed high on the return, taking the Indian Trail. (It's way too tempting to ignore the walking paths and cross the streams via falling trees. If you're a park ranger, I'm denying everything.) Anyway, it was impressive. Loved the informative placards, the natural looking bridges, the rumbling tumbling waters. Way to sculpt paths and passages using the gorge's natural flow. I look forward to seeing how many pictures turn out. Bonus points to us for seeing 100+ Mini Coopers.
Watkins Glen and the Finger Lakes Region of New York is an impressive, hidden oasis in the US. The State Park is most known for the hike you take up the hill along the gorge and view the waterfalls along the way. The hike is not very strenuous and is usually done by young and old. It is with a visit if you are around this charming area. Tip: Walk can be extremely slippery, so wear proper shoes.
World-class natural wonder provides an easy 1.5-hour hike for just about anyone. Beautiful falls, drops, remnants of an old railroad, and other sights along the way. Wear decent sneakers or hiking shoes. There's a $3 bus at the top to take you back down. TIP: Park on the street across Route 14 and avoid the $8 parking fee.
So easy to hike and so cool to see.  A must visit! Can get crowded at peak weekends, which is annoying, especially when rude people will not get out of your way and the steps are wet.  Couldn't believe how many people were wearing flip flops/sandals.  Wear hiking shoes or at least good grip sneakers- many of these steps were loose and very wet this past weekend.. Watch your step!! Note:  Was free entrance at 6:45pm
What's not to love about Watkins Glen State Park. The best part is the main Glen trail, which I've enjoyed 4 times this summer, each hikes I see new features in the glen walls and enjoy the beauty of the sun playing on the walls. The trail is well maintained, the camp ground is well run, the pool is hugggee and the play ground is awesome. The greatest part about Watkins is that when you are in the Glen you feel like you are 100 miles from civilization, but you're not, you are close to the amenities that make taking the family into nature easy. I was camping here for 4 days with 4 adults, 1 nine year old, 2 two year old and a 6 month old. We were able to run into town for supplies when we were running low. We were able to bring the kids to the pool when temps for really hot... And we were able to enjoy a great family hike that kept everyone captivated. My 9 year old niece loved the waterfalls, the little kids liked looking up the side walls and seeing the water trickle down... We all enjoyed the memories we have made this summer at the park.
Wow!  The Gorge Trail is one of the best walks I've ever taken in a state park.  The gorge is awesome, all the waterfalls are beautiful, and it is just a lovely place to spend some time in the outdoors.  Vacationing from Philly, this is exactly what I was hoping for. Be prepared that it will be crowded, so bring your patience and be ready to take your time.  And here's a tip for everyone:  DON'T WEAR FLIP-FLOPS!  Seriously people, wtf!  I must have seen at least 25 people, half of them screaming kids, slipping around and nearly falling down because they decided hiking a gorge in flimsy Old Navy flip-flops was a good idea.  The trail will be wet in places.  It's a gorge.  There are waterfalls.  Common sense, guys.  Come on. ;-)
Do NOT let being frightened by or unable to climb steep stone steps stop you from enjoying this breathtaking experience. Make sure to enter through the SOUTHERN entrance, and you'll be able to take either the Southern Ridge Trail  or Indian Trail. Both give you a great workout (lots of steep up/downhills) with excellent views of the gorge/waterfalls below. Oh, and bring a bathing suit and towels so you can enjoy the Olympic-size pool!
Wow, amazing experience and so close to Rochester! We drove down one side of Seneca Lake to Watkins Glen and back up the other. The number of wineries is amazing and you're driving with the lake on your side the entire trip. I expected this to be like Letchworth park but it's quite different. You're walking *inside* the gorge, *behind* waterfalls, up and down (lots of) stone steps, and the beauty seems to go on forever. We went on an off day (Friday, which was also a racing day in the town) and sometimes had the path to ourselves. It's about a 1.5 mile walk each way. We walked to gorge trail in and the Indian trail back. I would walk the gorge trail both ways next time. The Indian trail felt more like a hike and the views didn't compare. Though we did avoid walking up the 800-step staircase. Pack a picnic lunch and lots of water. Don't forget your camera. Not sure why but the check-in and shuttle were closed that day. I didn't mind though, because it meant free parking.
Great place to spend a few hours in upstate New York. Just a short drive from Cornell, I came here with one of my free days before grad school started up. The Gorge Trail is a very easy hike and can be done by people of pretty much any fitness level. The only "challenging" part of the hike is the staircase which leads to the upper entrance, as it is very steep. But the rest of the hike along the Gorge Trail is relatively flat so it's not that intimidating. Alternatively, you could just start at the upper entrance and work your way down the steps and to the main entrance. Either way, you can take a shuttle for $3 back to where you parked. It was a really hot day in the area but the trail is mostly in the shade so you won't feel the heat at all, except for in a few spaces here and there. You do get a little wet because you walk by and behind some waterfalls, but you won't be drenched. It's mostly just a few drops of water on your clothes. The trail will be wet and have puddles in some places though. Bring a camera because there is a lot of natural beauty in this place. The waterfalls, the gorges, the trees, the river.. it's all great scenery as you take your hike. There's also some really great ice cream at the end of the trail. It'll probably offset all the calories you burned during the hike but think of it as a celebratory gift to yourself for making it up those steep steps.
This is one of my absolute favorite State Parks in New York, and one not to be missed. The trails are beautiful and well maintained, the gorge trail has steps - a bajillion steps. As kids my parents would always ask us to count how many steps were in the hike, we usually gave up around 400. As Jim H. said, the end of the gorge trail is an endless onslaught of vertical stone stairs - and the ice cream cone reward at the end - worth it! I like the gorge trail because it's an easy/medium hike of just a few hours (plan on 2-3). You don't need hiking boots but you'll want good walking shoes at the very least, keep in mind all the spray from the falls can make the stone pathways slippery. If it's recently rained there will be muddy puddles, your kiddos will be little mud bugs if they're the splashy type. The gorge trail is also a great choice on a hot day. After descending into the stone gorge it's cool and misty and a welcome reprieve. If you're shooting, be sure to mind your camera in the spray. It's possible to see all the highlights in a day, but I'd recommend camping to get the full experience and miss the touristy traffic. Make a reservation in the busy months - or during car racing at the Watkins Glen track!! - they will be full and you'll be sad. The campsites are well maintained, the bathrooms are basic and relatively clean. Shower shoes are a must. If you have the opportunity to drive the campsite loops during a visit, mark down all the sites you'd like to stay and squirrel it away for later. Be sure to make note of how far the walk to the bathroom is, where the water spigots are, and where the garbage is. It will make making a reservation later a breeze. The gorge trail is closed in winter. I haven't been cross country skiing here, but I bet it's fantastic. Every night in the summer they have a laser light show called "Timespell," that explains the formation of the gorge. An olympic sized pool is down near the main concession stand, it's a great place to get in a few early laps, or if you're a kid a great place to splash around after hiking. The diving boards provided endless cannonball entertainment. Words don't really do this park justice, there's a photo pool of just the gorge here that's stunning flickr.com/groups/watkin… It's a must see!
Ive been coming here since I was a wee lad. The Gorge trail is one of the best and most beautiful hikes that you can take. So many photo worthy falls and crevasses and bridges. As a kid and well into my teens and 20s, I flew through this hike, which is often a daunting steep, stair laden incline. These days, frail and out of shape, I struggle to make it through and watch helplessly as friends and family go ahead at a normal pace. There are many routes that offer different experiences and views, all breathtaking, so your experience can be different each time. Almost all trails end at an almost vertical climb up a seemingly endless stack of steps, which pours out onto a field with a little souvenir/snack bar. This was always the Holy Grail for me, with an ice cream reward. Now, I could care less about the snacks and simply use one of the park benches to passout on top of and thank the Gods that I survived. Over all , this place is not to be missed and worth any length of trip to get here.
Watkins Glen State Park is a bit touristy, but for good reason. People want to visit beautiful spots and Watkins Glen is no exception. Beautiful waterfalls, winding steps and paths along a gorge carved from hundreds and thousands of years of running water.  It's not to be missed. For more details about WG State Park, go to my blog here: jackaiello.blogspot.com/…
This is a really great park!  There are 19 waterfalls in a mile and a half, all very tourist friendly, some fall on you as you walk the paved path through gorge.  None with soak you, just cool you off a little.  There are 832 steps as claimed by a t-shirt in the main enterance gift shop and worst part is at the end (west enterance) OK, take a camera you will need it.  Remember, this is a tourist site so if you want unobstructed waterfall shoots, get there early or be really patient.  You will be rewarded well for this.  I visited on Saturday at beginning of May, lots of water and decent assortment of wildflowers.  Wild columbines, trililiums, jack in the pulpits mostly. You are walking in water in couple of places, its about three inches deep.  If it is cool take a jacket, you will see very little sun in first mile of hike.  Memorial Day to September there is a shuttle for return, but you miss the view going back!
If you're in the finger lakes region, do it. DO IT. It is one of the most delightful places I've been in a long time. You can start at either end of the creek - I recommend beginning upstream and ending downstream only because you'll walk downhill instead of uphill. There is a shuttle bus for $2 that will drop you off at your car.  It only takes an hour or so to walk through the whole park, but it is an hour filled with more beauty and surprises than you would ever think considering one entrance is off of a busy commercial street. I won't bother trying to describe it because I won't be able to do it justice. Just DO IT. You should also go on a week day because it can get a little crowded on the weekends.
This is a CAMPING review New York State maintains its state parks better than any other state in the country. I have been from Florida to Alaska, from Montana to Death Valley and camped EVERYWHERE. NYS parks have the best amenities, the most service, and are the best campgrounds for families and those who want to start camping without really roughing it. Even with that high standard, Watkins Glen is one of the nicest there is. There are a good deal of amenities, including group campsites and group cabins. The rangers circle the sites frequently. Sites are clean, and nicely wooded, providing a decent amount of privacy for such a popular campsite. The campsite connects directly to the the many trails, including the gorge trail. There are several playgrounds, the bathrooms are well-maintained, and there are ample water spigots. The only downside is that, as one of the more popular spots, there are often large groups of young 20-somethings who think camping is a cheap alternative to hotel parties. I dont care if they drink (though they arent supposed to) but the loud music and voices extend well past quiet hour sometimes. The ranger circles frequently, but they get loud again as soon as he passes. I have noticed an unfortunate turn of events. Fewer people are camping than they did in the golden age of the 80s and 90s--and our State Parks are REALLY suffering. California CLOSED 40 state parks within the last 3 years. FORTY!. During the 80s, the waiting list for Watkins Glen was over 18 months long. We got a spot for the Labor Day weekend, only booking 2 weeks in advance! Common people! Get off the couch and support your nations most beautiful legacy!
Watkins Glen State Park features a gigantic gorge from which you can see nineteen (yes, i said it. Nineteen!) waterfalls. Its absolutely amazing. The main attraction of the park is the "Gorge Trail", which unfortunately was closed in late March due to the huge ice flows everywhere. The state trooper says the trail usually opens in mid-may. But the upper trails provided spectacular views. Seriously, looking down into the gorge is like The Grand Canyon on a scale that you can actually comprehend. Its beautiful. And the stone walkways and bridges looks like something out to The Lord Of the Rings. I half expected Legolas to stroll up and hand me some Lembas bread. I would imagine its a major tourist destination during peak season, so if you're not into crowds, I might plan accordingly. A great day trip!
Woohoo!  Who would have expected a gorge in upstate NY to be this big?  It was awesome!  And you get to stand right behind a waterfall. The walk is fun.  We had planned on walking up and walking back, but I felt sorry for some senior citizens who had made the steep walk to the end of the canyon, only to find out that the shuttle wasn't running today.  There was no mention at the beginning of the walk that the shuttle wasn't running.  In fact, it was touted as the preferred way back down.  So I felt bad for them. Be sure to wear appropriate shoes and it wouldn't hurt to wear something on your head either.  You are going to get wet.
My girlfriend and I took a day trip from Buffalo for her birthday. Watkins Glen was our first stop. In her words, we spent 50% of the time taking pictures, 49% of the time making out and 1% of our time hiking. With the two+ hours we had, we hiked up the gorge, briefly checked out the gift shop, took the Indian trail back and made it on time for dinner in Ithaca (we went to Moosewood!). This place is breathtaking and it's great that they put in the effort to develop it for the public. With man made caves through the gorge, spectacular views and even useful informational signs (granted most of them I skimmed through, but the sign about the different vegetation on different sides of the gorge due to the amount of sunlight present was fascinating), it was truly a great date for both of us and a fantastic start to her birthday evening. Apparently, this place has a pool on one of the entrances as well, but we didn't have time to check it out (is it free to use?) Logistics: parking is $8, but you can park on the street and walk to the park (will add only an extra 5 or 10 minutes to your trip). All in all, a great experience. I will be back for sure.
Gorgeous!  A beautiful and easy way to get some exercise in a fascinatingly peaceful setting. We drove down from Albion, having heard good things from the cousins.  Unfortunately, we didn't realize that it was also the weekend of the historic race re-enactment... so we got stuck in a little bit of traffic and the main entrance was closed.  But we just drove up to the south entrance, about the same time that many other Alfa Romeo's were headed up to gather before the race.   It's $8 per car for the entry.  There's plenty of picnic space, and normally plenty of parking (though a lot of it was being used that day for the race cars).  We headed immediately for the old stone building with the facilities, which were clean and well-maintained for a state park.  It was a short walk down the hill and across the suspension bridge.  We headed down Lovers' Lane and met the Gorge Trail so that we could walk up to all the cascades. It's an easy walk.  I'm 6 months pregnant and I didn't have trouble.  It's either flat or stairs (no weird inclines).  Supposedly the whole trail is 1.5 miles, so a 3 hour loop that they recommend 2-3 hours to do.  There are signs along the way that explain how the gorge was formed and about the natural flora and fauna.  The space is beautiful and relatively peaceful.  Because of the narrow trails and bends, even when there are people, it doesn't seem too crowded.
This Watkins Glen Hike reminds me of the Narrows in Zion National Park. Though its not even close, this is still the best gorge hike in NYS. The hike itself is not very strenous, though there are some stairs that you need to climb. It took my wife and I about 3 hours to do a roundtrip loop (with stops for pictures and icecream) Overall we love this place. It's very serene and the scenary is inspiring. Almost out of a movie (think LOTR...) Tip: if you're camping here, drive to the campground office and pickup your parking pass. Then park by the pool inside the park. The parking lot by the main road gets filled up quickly on weekends and they charge you another fee to park there. Camping facilities are well maintained. Ice and wood is sold at the campground office. We stayed on the Tuscarora loop and had a good time. There's an enormous meadow behind our campsite which was fantastic!
This review is about the camping and the hiking trails. Camping: (1) I will now recommend this to anyone who plans on camping. Definitely book your reservation in advance, especially if it's the summer or a holiday weekend. I found the staff to be incredibly helpful and nice in terms of allowing us to scout around for a new location. Basically, if you're not happy with your site, ask if there are open ones available and feel free to move. (2) There are a few different loops. We did not like the first set or two and I found the latter two loops to be better. Let this be a warning: all sites are not equal. We ended up staying on the Tuscarora Loop, which is definitely the quietest and largest loop. For something more private and with shade, you really should look into sites on the outside of the loop rather than on the inside of the loop. Some sites are double the size of other sites. Some sites have the water on them (so yes, people could walk up to right in front of your set-up to fill their stuff) and some have dumpsters on them. Lastly, I was at site 300 and I felt like the bathroom was very far away. Keep that in mind if you have a weak bladder, kids, etc. (3) Once we chose a site, we found everything to be pretty quiet and clean, you know aside from the nasty people who throw tampon applicators behind the sites. The bathrooms, in comparison to Letchworth, were really nice and clean. I can see the place has the potential to be very busy but really, you can have a nice time. Everything is very accessible---you can buy ice and firewood up at the office and if you forget anything, there are numerous stores (including a Walmart) in town. Hiking: There isn't much aside from the Gorge Trail. There are a few other trails alongside but they don't really have much in terms of views or anything else. The Gorge Trail was beautiful and be prepared to have obnoxious people hog an area for ten minutes while snapping photos.
Amazing trails with great ways to appreciate the power of the water that helped create this magical place. It does get a bit crowded on the Gorge trail, but you do have enough time to snap pictures enjoy the scenery.
CAMPSITE 231: Beautiful site located 10 yards from train track! The earth shakes, train and track noise is LOUD! It sounds like the train is going to derail and fall on the tent. It awoke us at 11:30 pm and we thought we were in the middle of a major catastrophy. It scared the hell out of us!!! DO NOT CAMP IN THIS SITE! Otherwise, this park is clean and well maintained. You'll find the park and campground are beautiful and the waterfall trail is breathtaking! We ended up renting a cabin. The cabins are rustic and not too close together. The bath houses are a bit worn, but you can get "the job" done.
Beautiful and fantastic!!
My husband and I just returned from a two day camping trip at Watkins Glen State Park.  We stayed in the Tuscarora Loop after seeing that most of the sites were open for the next few days.  When we camp, we like to have it as private as possible.  We ended up staying in site 304.  It was spacious and private (being that there was no one at the surrounding sites).  We ended up purchasing the ice ($2 a bag) and wood ($7 a bundle) at the campground.  There's cheaper places to purchase wood in the area, but I liked that it came with everything...starter log, kindle, etc.   While staying at Watkins Glen, we hiked The Gorge Trail.  It was beautiful, however, there were many, many people also hiking the trail.  We often had to stop and wait for numerous people (that seemed to not know how to work a camera) to take group pictures.  We went on a Tuesday hoping that it would be less crowded during the week...this was not the case. We also went swimming in their Olympic sized pool both days.  The first day it was swamped with people...the next day wasn't so bad.   Overall, camping at Watkins Glen was a nice experience and I would recommend the trip!
Totally happened upon this by accident going thru Watkins Glen on the way home from upstate New York to Maryland. My husband and I thought our 7 yr old (who loves Minecraft) might like it. And we were right! He was totally in his element. Amazing site! You walk up a 1.5 mile path. Lots of steps, so be prepared. Wear the right shoes, appropriate clothing and take a bottle of cold water...And your GoPro camera - it's very wet everywhere. Take pics! It's beautiful! We were too tired and pressed for time to walk back so we took the shuttle back down which costs $3 per person, I think? Shuttle takes you right back down to the parking lot entrance. Very convenient! At the top, they have restrooms, a nice playground and a refreshment counter. They have ice cream and souvenirs at the park entrance which is nice too!
Pros: Best state park I've been to yet. Leave plenty of time to explore. Of the three trails, the Gorge Trail is the best. Shuttle buses are available for pick up at either end of the trails. Cons: Avoid the parking fee by parking on the streets around the state park. Be prepared for crowds.
*This review is just for the gorge trail walk. We did not camp here* This place was awesome. There wasn't a lot of snowfall this past winter or rain this summer so the river and falls were pretty low, but it's still a "Gorge-ous" (ohmygodimsorry) natural site with beautiful man-made stone work. There are over 800 stairs so if, like me, you think going to the beach for a day is exercise, you might want to start at the UPPER entrance (not the lower/main one) and go DOWN the 800 steps (you can get a shuttle back to your car for $3 either direction). Which still killed my calves. Honestly, for an outdoorsey-active-stair-ridden place to get 5 stars from me, it HAS to be beautiful. And it is. $8 to park for the day. Bring water and a waterproof camera and FOR GOD SAKE people, wear sneakers.
Amazing!!!  This is a must see kind of place with beautiful scenery.  Make sure to wear sneakers or hiking boots as the ground can get pretty wet and you will need to do some hiking.  This place also gets really crowded with tourists because of its incredible beauty, so be sure to pack your patience with you.
We "camped" here July 2012. I put "camped" in quotation marks because each site has warm showers, plenty of toilets and sinks, dish-washing stations, dumping stations, and clean-water stations. In addition the camp office has ice and firewood (packed with kindling and a fire-starter) for sale, and there are several snack-places around the park -- it's more like a low-scale hotel where you sleep in tents! Staying in July may have greatly determined our experience, but this was a busy, noisy, but enjoyable place. If you are looking for a peaceful summer location, though, this may not be for you. There were people from all walks of life: families, friends, kids, young adults, couples, and solo-travelers, plus everything from RVs, giant upscale tents, to one-person get-ups. Despite the camp's rule of quiet hours, people were enjoying beer and hots dogs well into the night. Yet, it never got terribly rowdy and everybody seemed to just be there for a good time. The bathrooms were quite clean, although pets are allowed and my other-half reports that the men's showers had some "deposits" in one of the showers...nice. He did say it was cleaned the next day though (poor cleaner!). This was a casual trip for us, so the Indian Trail/Gorge Trail loop was great. It's about three miles long. The Gorge Trail has steps following the Gorge and waterfalls that provide much of its interest and beauty, so this is not a trail for those with difficulty navigating descents/ascents. Having said that, if we were on a "hiking trip" this would not have satisfied us, and we would have sought out more trails in the nearby parks. Embarking on the Gorge Trail first thing in the morning was one of the best decisions we made. It was peaceful, beautiful and very sparsely populated. When we revisited the trail in the afternoon, it was crowded with visitors, so be prepared for a high volume of people later in the day. The Park is well-organized and tended to. There was a ranger on the circuit at all times, and for those who find the hike more difficult, there is a shuttle from one end of the one-and-a-half mile trail (Gorge, or Indian) to the other. All-in-all a pleasant, easy stay.
Fantastic hike, beautiful waterfalls. Highly recommend the Behind the waterfalls tour with the ranger. Our daughters, ages 5 and 8 had a great time too.
A really nice park. If possible come on a weekday, less people. It is two miles each way. Should be do-able for most people with no health issues.
For over 4 years I have wanted to come here and I have to say it was okay.  Believe me I was a little irritated because like many you see these great pictures in magazine or the internet and you get there and say to yourself "this is it?"  I trekked the whole park and didnt see anything spectacular, now dont get me wrong, the park is beautiful, clean, and full of people I was looking for something bigger.
One of my favorite places.  It helps that I come here to camp when attending the Finger Lakes Wine festival, so at least half of my visit is a fuzzy haze.  However, the gorge is beautiful sober or not, at all times of day.  There are a lot of people hiking here in dress clothes and shoes.  Wouldn't recommend it, it can be slippery, and you will definitely get a little wet.  Water made this sucker and is everywhere.  A beautiful stone path and walls forms the path through the gorge.  The campground tent sites are large and wonderful.  Bathrooms aren't too bad for state owned.  From most of the sites you can hear the soothing sounds of the waterfalls in the distance.  This is one of nature's gifts, and it out gorges many other gorges I've been to.
Outstanding!  Some of the most picturesque natural scenery in NY.  Convenient drive from most every part of the state.  I highly suggest visiting on a Sunday when you are more likely to have the place to yourself.
This is a very place to go for a very brief hike.  I'm glad my relative from Toronto suggested visiting this place.  We parked at the parking lot by the highway and paid the $8 or so parking fee.  I took a hike through a tunnel and then did a fairly easy climb via large stone steps up towards the upper waterfall.  The view of the falls was spectacular, and there's an excellent view of a canyon that it carved out.  If I had more time and was by myself, there's a spot halfway up that could serve as a rest area.  I could easily imagine myself taking a relaxing nap for an afternoon while at the same time enjoying the view.
This place is awesome you need to visit this state park!
A lovely place, cool, green and refreshing on a hot day in August.  It's an easy hike from end to end.  Plenty of parking.  As one reviewer said, it reminds me of Rivendell.  You can learn a bit about geology here too.  The gift shop is absolute cr*p but who really cares about that?  I didn't know a thing about this place before we went and it really exceeded my expectations.
Watkins glen gorge is a great place! What a great hike. The eye popping views are truly unique and impressive! A robust hike to the top (or bottom) as you have the option to take a shuttle to the top or from the top to the bottom.  892 steps of rock to overcome as you take in amazing sights the gorge holds. Best hike I've ever been on. Can't wait to come back again...
beautiful park! it's amazing to walk along the gorge trail and see the waterfalls and flagstone and everything. went here for the first time this weekend and it was great! didn't have time, but i expect exploring the other smaller trails is really enjoyable as well. bring a camera and/or phone to capture some nice photos! parking at the park costs $10, but there's also street parking nearby for 2 hours or, if you drive even further, can get pretty much unlimited parking all day :)
We came here thinking we could swim at the falls after a visitors center told us wrongly that we could. Boy are we glad that we came here, even with no river swimming! I have never ever seen a hiking trail like this anywhere in my life, and never expected to find something like this in modern USA! It's mind-blowingly beautiful, and a pretty easy hike if you just follow the waterfalls. Some of the upper trails (if you can pry yourself away from the amazing ravine pathways that make you feel like some sort of super-powered mountain goat) features some amazing stonework and pine forest clearings. Polish off the hike (if you start from the upper parking lot) with a dip in the Olympic-sized pool and call it the best day ever.
We visited this park on a Friday afternoon, it was not crowded. Admission was $8.00 but it is absolutely  worth it.  We parked our vehicle at the  'Main Entrance' trail head.  The  stone building facilities are clean and well-maintained for a state park.  They provide a map of the park. We hiked  the 'Gorge Trail'.  The trail  follows  the Glen Creek past water-carved rock and cascaded waterfalls (a total of 19 waterfalls).  I usually prefer dirt trails but the  man-made stone steps is a site to experience and it's functional (you will see what I mean).   I would suggest wearing a good pair of hiking shoes with a good grip as the mist coming off of the waterfalls can make some of the steps a little slippery. Speaking  of steps, they are tiered in sections, it gives you a nice work-out, good exercise.  The trails are wide enough so you don't feel cramped when passing people who are descending.  As fellow Yelper  (Patrick J.) mentioned,  "looking down the Watkins Glen gorge is like The Grand Canyon on a scale that you can actually comprehend"....... While on the Gorge Trail,  we decided to cross over the 'Mile Point Bridge'  and then walk on the 'South Rim Trail'. This trail brought you deeper into the woods, a little further away from the creek/waterfalls, giving us another perspective, very nice. The South Trail will bring you back to the Main Entrance. We really liked this park, I would recommend !!!!
I've hiked in Hawaii and all over Southern California, but my solo hike on the Gorge Trail at Watkins Glen on a drizzly yet sunny Autumn afternoon was by far my most memorable exploration. By now, readers are probably aware of the 19 waterfalls cutting through the LOTR-like gorge. But I must add that even with the tourists flocking the trail, I still found plenty of resting areas where I could just relax and enjoy the peaceful sounds of falling water. At the same time, I fought back the constant urge to keep running along the trail to capture the next surprising waterfall, bridge, rock formation, or plant life. The Gorge trail is best suited for those who fantasize about LOTR, meditate next to flowing water, have ADHD, or cannot spend an entire day hiking. Watkins Glen Park/Seneca Lake is the perfect starting point for visitors to the Finger Lakes area. I cannot wait to return with my GF and take my time through the winding trails.
The gorge is a must see.  A very nice hike for just about all levels of fitness.  The park even gives a free guided tour as well.  We also camped at the campground (tenting).  Nice site, quite neighbors, decent bathrooms and cheap rates.  Best of all no mosquitoes!  I would stay there again.
One spectacular view after another spectacular view, it just keeps going. It is like spectacular view overload! This park's main attraction is the 400 foot deep gorge that was cut through rock by water from thousands of years ago. This has created beautiful streams, cliffs and 19 fully flowing waterfalls. There are 3 trails, with the "gorge trail" being the middle one with all the man-made 800 stone steps that give you the best views of the gorge. The trail is a little over a mile long but leave a couple hours so you can enjoy the views and take pictures. This is a well-maintained trail, paved, almost anybody can do this "hike". There is a parking lot that costs $8 at the bottom of the gorge. There's also a gift shop and ice cream shop. When you get to the top, there is food for purchase and a picnic area. You can walk back on the same trail or take another trail or take a shuttle bus down. We came to Watkins Glen Village all the way from New Jersey specifically for this park, and it was worth it.
I saw this place in a photo and thought it was just unbelievable. Went there today and it is! Wow! Really? I was here... Loved every second of this walk. Scenery galore what a majestic park, my only problem is that we didn't get to take engagement photos here! So now that I got my rant out of the way... Here are some facts, parking is $8. There is no fee to enter the park. There is a snacks shop when you get to the top and a gift shop at the bottom. You can also bring your own food and have a picnic, you're allowed to BYOB and drink it away from the trails (there's signs posted of where u can and can not drink alcohol). There's three different trails which are all fairly easy and the distance to the top is a little over a mile long. There is beautiful scenery every step of the way, should u need assistance getting up or down there are shuttles that charge $3/person and can transport peeps both ways. I really wish I was able to swim in the water, but that's not allowed. There's a lot of waterfalls you can make contact with so come ready to get wet and bring your non skid shoes.
Mother Nature gets an A+ on this one. Incredible, incredible place! My brother and I were road tripping, so we didn't get a ton of time to walk around everywhere, but it's a place I'd definitely want to come back to! Parking costs $8. If you're not in the mood to hike around (which I would recommend!), there's a pool, a small cafeteria, and a picnic area. Even a walk to the suspension bridge is awesome, so definitely make your way to the gorge! I heard it takes about 2 hours to walk the full trail. Just walking around a little, my brother and I spent about 45 minutes there. Restrooms are available on site.
