I visited this place during a bachelorette weekend in the spring, and it was so good, I came back to review! Fantastic Mediterranean food, with the best baba ghanoush I've ever had--the tantalizing, smoky flavor was addictive. Hummus was also excellent, along with everything else we had. Atmosphere is nothing special, and it was quite busy, but that was understandable; I think I was there on a Friday night. Wish I was passing through Cortland more often!
I hate to give this place 3 stars especially since it had the potential to receive better. The food overall was pretty good, minus the falafel and lentil soup. I am middle eastern and I am sorry that is not how you make lentil soup or falafel. Thus, my review may be a little bias and critical. I got the starter with the five choices; falafel hummus, baba ghanoush, salad, grape leaves. It was a huge appetizer and for a great price. I liked the baba ghanoush and the grape leaves the best! As I said above the falafel sucked. The service was not bad, however they served my chicken enter a little undercooked. The staff did their due diligence and corrected the issue though. I enjoyed the rice as well. Overall my experience was good but could have been better.
Having spent a considerable amount of my formative years with this being the only non-american food place that was worthy of eating at, and then having lived in some big cities around the world, and then having come back after all that and eaten here again, I can safely say that the food here is GOOD.  You will not leave disappointed.  Their lentil soup always was and always will be my favorite.  They make a mean baklava.  They keep the falafel and gyro pitas simple and elegant.  I also suspect, but have no confirmation, that their stuffed grape leaves are actually made in house.   This is also a good place to go if you have companions that only likes "American" food but YOU want something satisfying and delicious too.  They have choices to please the less adventurous among us while also satisfying the foodies among us.   Vegetarians will find this to be a rare oasis in Cortland NY.
One of the best possible places to visit if you are looking for vegetarian & vegan options in Cortland. I grew up in Cortland and make it a point to eat here as often as possible when visiting with my family. The atmosphere is welcoming and the staff always remembers us and welcomes us back. They are so accommodating and make excellent recommendations. The food is incredibly fresh and flavorful. And though I love Cortland pizza it's nice to have some fresh, ethnic, healthier options. The Baba ganoush is amazing (love the lemon) The falafel is crispy and flavorful. I recommend trying a sampling to find your favorite. Passing through on 81 or going to Cortland State this is a major Cortland plus.
Amazing hummus.  Even the onion rings were great.  Quick, friendly, clean, but most of all really good food
Cortland is not a place you'd have any reason to visit.  It's a small, run down town in upstate New York that has a SUNY Campus and seemingly little else.  Fortunately I have a friend who works here and when I came to visit, we hit The Pita Gourmet. One thing it does have, however, is some of the best Middle Eastern food I've ever eaten.  Somehow, Hassima and Kazhaya Karam ended up here when the Lebanese civil war forced them to leave their homeland.  Everyone in this town (I assume) has been rejoicing ever since.   We got hummus, falafel and tabbouleh for our appetizer.  Each was the best of its kind I've ever tasted.  All were made on the premises from scratch.  The lamb kebabs were also divine, but the bed of rice they came on might have been even better.  And the baklava just melted in my mouth as I ate it.  Maybe even gave off a hint of rosewater?  I didn't ask because it didn't matter.   This place might just be good enough to warrant a stop off Interstate 81 if you happen to be driving through.  No, strike the "might be" and replace with "IS."
I am originally from Cortland, NY, have lived in NYC, Toronto, Minneapolis, and now reside in Buffalo, NY.  I have been to 45 of 50 states, and LOVE to eat all types of food. The Pita Gourmet is honestly THE best place for Baba Gannush. I have not found better ANYWHERE.  I cry to my husband often about how I want the Pita Gourmet's Baba Gannush. I cannot find anything here in Buffalo that even compares. I wish i could get their recipe!!! If you are traveling on I-81, and want to stop for some food, and healthy food at that, this is a great stop!!  I usually get a falafel sandwich (pretty close to perfect here!!) or the Shishtawooc (marinated chicken on skewers with rice) when I'm really hungry, and of course the Baba Gannush!! I'm salivating right now thinking about this place! I can't wait to return!!!
I love this place.  Period.  The owners are always VERY nice and accommodating, and the food is as good as I have had, and I was a frequenter of  The Lebanese Taverna in Northern VA.  This is every bit as good and about 1/2 the price.   They started doing their pita sandwiches as wraps, with giant, one ply pita, which makes it even better.  I can't say enough good things.  The Tabouleh, Hommos and Baba Gannush are all first rate.
Charming. Came here with 2 friends. Our food was all great. Very reasonably priced too. The waitstaff seemed a little swamped. Two waitresses and a full house.  I look forward to eating here again.
Whenever I'm craving Middle Eastern food, I make the 30 minute drive up to Cortland from Ithaca to visit the Pita Gourmet! It's such an unassuming place that if you didn't know it was there, you might not ever stop, but trust me, you'll be glad you did.  First off, the owners are super nice.  The restaurant was recently passed down from the parents who started it to their adult children who made some modest updates in the dining room....it's amazing what a coat of paint will do!  The menu is pretty much the same as before and the food is just as delicious. My husband and I don't even bother looking at the menu.  We typically start by splitting a mazza combo where you can choose 3 out of 5 appetizers: hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli, grape leaves or felafel.  The hummus & baba are awesome.  The tabouli is good.  The grape leaves are "meh."  The felafel is okay but I prefer to eat it in a pita, not plain on a plate so I never choose that option. Then we'll get some kind of pita sandwich as our entree.  If it's Friday, I'll get the fish in a pita which is super tasty.  However, I also really like their chicken gyro.  My husband is a fan of the kufta or kibbie pita.  Their iced tea definitely has some kind of mint in it which I love! Finally, we top it all off by splitting a piece of baklava which is seriously the best baklava I've had in forever.  All this for about $20 + tip!?!  There is no way you won't love this place!
Cortland is lucky to have this little gem!  Seems like when it comes to ethnic food in upstate NY, there is no rhyme or reason to exactly how they land in these small communities.  We have a Thai restaurant in Phoenix, NY that is quite amazing (search Basil Thai).  Anyways, I digress. My wife and I were on our way home from Atlantic City and we turned to the Yelp app on my blackberry to see if there was any place along the way as we got closer to Syracuse.  Pita Gourmet caught my wife's eye as someone said it was worth getting off route 81 for, so that's just what we did.  Thank you to that yelper ... we would have never run across this place had it not been for yelp. Most of what others said was true - the tabbouleh and baba ghanoush were both very good.  We weren't very daring in our entree choice and both got Gyros - which were also very good.  Funny what someone said about the waitress seeming to have a difficult time keeping up with only about 5 tables.  I tried to dissect that one a bit but no idea really!  Maybe they have here doing too much other stuff (like they could use someone other than her to clear plates and keep tables clean).  She was pleasant though, just seemed a bit overwhelmed. All in all - I would agree that you should seriously consider hopping off Route 81 to eat at this place.  The food was great, reasonably priced, and VERY fast to the table.  Consider yourself lucky Cortland!
First off, thank goodness for Yelp.  Whenever we visit my parents who live outside of Cortland, there is always this question of whether we have to drive all the way to Ithaca for good food.  We live in the Bay Area in CA, and we are beyond spoiled in terms of fresh, healthy food from every imaginable style of cuisine. I also do a lot of middle eastern-style cooking of my own, so it was such a delight to trust in yelp, and have the review system validated by a great meal at Pita Gourmet.  The food was excellent, and I was especially impressed with the tabouli. The Lebanese style uses a lot less bulgur in the salad, and it was refreshing and perfectly tangy. The bitter taste of the parsley was also not present at all.  As many reviewers pointed out, the baba ghanoush was terrific, and we all thoroughly enjoyed our lunch. My parents have never really had traditional middle eastern fare before, and I think this one meal converted them to the perfect balance of flavors and ingredients.  Congratulations to Charbel and Hana for such a wonderful dining experience, and we wish you great success!
I love Pita Gourmet and have been coming here for years.  Unfortunately, I've noticed some things recently that make me worry. The tabbouleh, hummos, and baba ghanouj are delicious and something I get almost every time I go.  The baba ghanouj is truly mouth-watering.  Unfortunately, the past few times I've gotten the tabbouleh, it's been very watery and has given me an upset stomach.  It might not have been a very fresh batch, because I do usually really love the tabbouleh (sometimes I'll get a large order for myself and save half of it for lunch the next day). The last time I went, I got the grape leaves and falafel because I wanted to try some new things.  The grape leaves were put inside a styrofoam container and microwaved (that can't be a good idea, but maybe I'm wrong) and were mushy upon consumption.  The falafel was taken out of a big bucket and also heated up.  I have seen a new cook working there, and I don't know if these changes came with a change in cooks, but I'm not sure if they're for the best. The service here leaves something to be desired.  The servers always seem overworked (even if they only have a table or three) and unhappy.  Having been a server before myself, I don't understand why.  The owners, however, are very friendly and always very busy.
Baba ganoush was creamy delicious, with only a hint of bitterness from the seeds. I tried the kofta pita wrap.  Kofta was a bit dry but very flavorful.  I saw a few other diners get the kabobs and they looked amazing. I'll have to come back and try them next time I visit Cortland.   Small but quaint restaurant with good food.
This was the #1 restaurant I wanted to try in Cortland; we arrived Sunday and were told it was closed so we went on Monday. It was closed! (Even though Yelp said it was open.) Left on Tuesday without having eaten there. Too bad the hours were posted incorrectly everywhere except on the actual door of the restaurant.
Probably the best restaurant in Cortland County PERIOD! From the instant you walk in the door every individual working there makes you feel like a long lost friend come home. The menu choices offer much by the way of Middle Eastern and Greek Cuisine along with some items to please children without adventurous appetites, all of it fantastic with portions meant for sharing with others at your table! Although alcohol is not served,you are more than welcome to bring your own and they provide excellent table service for it. When you bring your check up to the front counter every member of the party is whole heartedly thanked, down to the youngest who get special treats from the owners themselves! I can honestly say I love this place! Oh yeah, the costs for all of this excellent food come up to about the same as many fast food establishments except the food is healthy, extremely delicious and prepared with love!
The Best in Cortland NY!!!
Hands-down, this is the best restaurant in the area. The staff is awesome and the food is top-notch!
Randomly driving through and saw the good yelp reviews. Friendly staff but average food. Don't understand the compulsion to add shredded lettuce and tomatoes as a garnish when out of season as they look every unappetizing. The falafels are not made to order, which I found usual, but they had a nice spice to them.
I'll agree with Jeff D on his review of the Pita Gourmet... but hey!  Nix the trashing of our community.  The Karams are one of many small business owners that do a great job in Cortland.
Food was great, tasty, healthy, and fresh. Waitress was knowledgeable and helped to guide us to some delicious choices.
The absolute BEST place for Baba Gannush is located on Main St in Cortland, NY?  Yep, it's true.  We went and there is a small little seating area in back probably only about 12 tables or so.  We had the best value which was the Mazza combo, which is your choice of 3 of 5 of Tabouleh, hommos, baba gannush, grape leaves or falafel.      We picked the baba, grape leaves and falafel as well as a side of hommos.  I've tried grape leaves before at a different lebanese restaurant and I didn't enjoy them then, and unfortunately this time it was the same outcome.  The hommos didn't compare at all to the baba but the pita bread was soft and moist.  Also the menu items are so cheap, great value!   My last time back to Cortland I also got Baba again just for takeout although.  They also packaged up a large quantity of pita triangles for dipping.  Simply the best, and I vow to always purchase Baba from Pita Gourmet every trip to Cortland!
Great fresh food and really nice folks there. Every dish was great!
I returned to Pita Gourmet on a trip home this summer and I think it was even more phenomenal then I remembered!!!
Excellent middle eastern food. Best Babaganoush in the area. The Chicken skewers are moist and tasty with great Mediterranean flavor. I only wish they serve that devilish garlic yogurt dip found in other Lebanese restaurants.
Great food and great atmosphere. The owners are amazing, great staff and very friendly. Plus must try hummus and falafel!!!
We were passing through Cortland, NY and were looking for a place to eat that might be a little different from the usual fare at interstate highway interchanges.  The Pita Gourmet is on Main St, about a one mile drive from Interstate 81 Exit 11, and is well worth the short drive.   The place really doesn't look like much, but the staff were friendly and  accommodating, and when we let them know that we were a little pushed for time, the service was lightning fast.  The food was very good.  The tabouleh was fresh-tasting and savory, and the kufta and chicken gyro were slightly crispy and nicely spiced.   Prices were very reasonable.   I'll definitely be eating there again.
Delicious, fresh healthy food. Warm, friendly staff. Cortland is lucky to have this place!!
Great place for a date. Love the greek salad, and shish tawook. Friday they have a fish special that is equally delicious.
The best place on Main Street in Cortland to eat.  The daily specials are  good, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is relaxed.  My only complaint is that I wish they'd post the day's special online so I didn't have to call.  Minor complaint, as I usually end up eating there anyhow.  It is a good place to take out-of-town visitors, especially if they are vegetarians.  Most of their menu is for meat-eaters, but by Cortland's standards, it's pretty vegetarian-friendly.
Don't expect fancy surroundings, but it's comfortable and the food is great. The owner was friendly and helpful. Only thing that I could complain about was the floor vents, which if you were unlucky enough to sit over would blow freezing cold air up your nethers. Lucky they're the size of a menu, so place one over the vent and you'll be able to enjoy the food.
Pleasant surprise in the heart of Cortland. The Baba is great and I am a huge fan of their hummus wrap.  I moved to Cortland from a larger city and I am very impressed by Pita Gourmet.
Best baba ganoush in the area. We get the shishtawooc when there.  I thought their baklava had everything you look for.  Interior is simple, not the reason for the visit.  Love this place.
