What a Stadium and I got to see the New York Rangers take on the Islanders in the 2014 Stadium Series!!  Great open and airy stadium that has a great view from almost anywhere.  Great job Yankees and the NHL!!
Went to the game last night vs Toronto and had seats in the Jim Beam suite. I have read other reviews online made by less than enthused season ticket holders but for a one-off game on a sticky, hot July night this suite really hit the spot. I have sat all over the stadium before except for behind home plate and this was by far my favorite view despite sitting field-level for several other games. Walking into the beautiful stadium and being whisked off to your own private elevator was awesome, as was having the capacity to eat all the enormous amounts of free popcorn, peanuts and non-alcoholic drinks your stomach can handle in the Jim Beam lounge. While probably not providing much utility during the spring months (save for the occasional rain delay), the air conditioned lounge was a welcomed retreat from the 90-degree heat wave we were experiencing that night. When we finally got outside post-gorge, the padded stadium seating was an ideal way to enjoy the game which ended in practically a game-winning grand slam. It may not be your typical Yankees experience, but IMO the Jim Beam suite is well worth the $125 per ticket. Definitely planning on doing it again soon!
This Ball park Looks are exquisitely moder and classical at the same time i attended back in April soon after the season began vs The Oak A's. The view from every seat is fantastic one is able to comfortably tour around the stadium while ball is in play which is the gr8est feature for those who go tho bathroom alot after chugging down more beers than one can carry at the stadium lol. Food court has a big selection from Latin cuisine to and old ballpark Hot dog. could you believe this place even has an upscale restaurant idk the name of it but business attire like personnel were dining. The feeling while in attendance is simply electrifying. Could you believe they have a meat market as well ...I'm serious a guy w/ a white butchers coat and a cleaver chopping for everyone to see.aswell as an all Yankee art galleria and memorabilia shop to buy collectibles OMG after seeing that i was done. lol it felt like a theme park where i could spend the rest of my life in all i need is a job at the Hard rock cafe.
Johnny Rockets, Brother Jimmy's, Carls Cheesestakes, Garlic Fries, Farmers Market, Meat Carver guy, Nathans, Boars Head Delis, beers everywhere, biggest popcorn you have ever seen.  Anyway, this stadium is soulless and they try to mask it with past Yankee history.   Isn't the whole point of a baseball game to WATCH the game.  Not walk around finding different ways to get your money taken from you.  Is it really necessary to have a meat carver and a f'ing fruit market.  I never sat at a Yankee game going ya know what would be good a 15 dollar apple. 1 star because it is the Yankees. 1 star because as much as I don't want to I do like food and beer. minus 1 for having calorie counts on everything.  I don't need to start adding them up in my head after i dropped $80 on beer and food.   Minus 1 for no longer having that feeling of walking into Yankee stadium and getting chills Minus 1 for screwing over tax payers and slowly ripping down history while the season is going on Thanks Steinbrenner's for ruining the one good thing this team had left (the real Yankee Stadium) aside from Mariano and Jeter.  Can't wait till B***h T**s comes back (sarcasm)
I have a great affection for this place as I spent most of my beginning NY life here. The stadium is beautiful and there are several excellent food options- relative to baseball stadiums. Likes: -Mohegan Sun Sports Bar -Green Initiatives -Legends Club- highly, highly recommend -Role call- my favorite part of a Yankees game- so cool. This happens immediately after the game starts so make sure you arrive on time and watch the right field bleachers section. -Dylan's candy bar -Monument Park -Museum- lots of interesting artifacts here- from the origins of baseball and for the yankees- including all the championship rings (and 1 pocket watch!) and several of the championship trophies. -The ticket sales staff :) -NYY Steak -Lobel's - Malibu Rooftop deck\ -Grounds crew YMCA Dis-likes: -The will call ticket window. I've been to over 20 professional baseball stadiums and the will call here stinks in the 2nd inning and later. It's hard to get here on time from work and my tickets are almost always at will call. They also close a lot of entry gates by this time, which makes it hard to find where to enter. -The garlic fries- sf giants are better :)
ny.eater.com/archives/20… I have included a link to a review of the restaurants located within the stadium. It is suggested that you arrive early to the stadium. Because a lot of the streets are blocked duing ballgames, and traffic travels really slow around the area. I would suggest that  you purchase and reserve online your parking. In this way, you are guaranteed a parking spot in the garage and not keep on driving around. Forget about trying to find street parking. It is almost always impossible to find a spot. Plus the Bronx is not the greatest area. Once inside the stadium it is a whole new world. I would suggest bringing cash with you since most vendors only accepts cash.  Wear comfortable shoes because you will be doing a lot of walking. Although it is handicap accessible, You have limited access to some of the prime seating spots. I was seated in section 123 which is between 3rd, and the home base is to my right. The afternoon sun will be hitting you, so don't forget to bring sunscreen and sunglasses. Make sure that you really read the Yankees website on what you are allowed to bring in because they are very strict. And once you leave the stadium, you don't have unlimited entrance/exit. Bathrooms are plentiful, Food is everywhere, but be prepared to spend more than you are used to. Drinks are served in plastic cups with no lids. And if you order any drinks larger than 16 oz. I would suggest you bring your own straws. Because the straws they provide is only long enough for under 16 oz. cups. There is only cup holders in your seating area, so you eat with the food over your lap. For the elonggated penny collectors out there, YES, there is a souvenir penny press machine costing $1.01. Overall, I am not really a baseball fanatic. I only come here for the experience and to take a lot of pictures. The stadium is beautiful. And you should definitely bring your family here.
The first time I went to Yankee Stadium last summer, I was anxious. A loyal Red Sox fan, going to the heart of the Evil Empire? I felt like Luke Skywalker boarding the Death Star.   This is all wrong. I surely cannot swim in a sea of Yankees fans without drowning. As we went to pick up tickets, I realized that I had forgotten to put on sunscreen. If there is one thing this pale girl can't handle, it's the sun. I began to freak out. On a gorgeous summer day such as this one, sitting in the sun all day will burn me. Badly. And one thing that will NEVER, ever happen is me spending money on Yankees gear. Certainly not one of those horrible pink Yankees hats. My friend who was with me graciously offered me his NY Giants hat if need be, but that may be the one thing worse than a Yankees hat. How could such a perfect NYC trip be taking a turn for the worst? We walked through the doors into the stadium, and who should be there but volunteers, handing out sunscreen. Not just any sunscreen. Fancy Neutrogena sunscreen. SPF 55. I walked up to a guy handing it out and said, "Thank you so much! I had been so worried!" He smiled at me and said, "You are so sweet. Here, take two." It's really hard for me to hate you when you are so nice to me, Yankee Stadium. Oh yeah, the Yankees lost. Great day.
Naturally, I'm a Yankee fan, hence the big star review. However, I wouldn't feel right giving it 5 stars. I'll start with the good stuff. It is a big, open stadium, with a good view from any seat. The bleachers are now part of the stadium. The seats are cushioned & you have more leg room in between seats, rows and aisles. When you walk in, you do feel like you are in Yankee Stadium, with all the pictures & memorabilia hanging around. Even though the food is pretty good, with a lot to choose from, they also allow you to bring in outside food and drink, as long as it is unopened. However, on a negative note: The food is too expensive, the constant checking of the tickets is annoying, and the corporate atmosphere doesn't belong in a ballpark. I know sports events are expensive, but these prices are out of control & the service is slow. The food vendors are friendly, but for the amount they charge, they better put a little pep in that step! And how many times do I have to walk by the same staff member, who checked the same ticket each time, before they realize I belong in that section? C'mon! I had my hands full of food & he wouldn't let me through. Annoying! On the last note, if you're a fan, wear some gear, cheer for your team and get up out of your seat. Too many people in suits that don't care and just love the exclusive seating or perks that come with the ticket. The organization has made it very difficult for families, who are true fans, to attend a game (especially more than once a season). After all the games I've been to at the new stadium, I still miss the old. The new stadium is nice, but the old stadium was better!
Let me preface my statement by saying that I am a lifelong, diehard Yankees fan.  The 5-star rating I gave the new Yankee Stadium is mostly for my beloved Bronx Bombers, not for the new stadium they now call home.  The allure of the "old" stadium was how gritty it was, opposing teams realized they were stepping into a baseball mecca and it truly provided a home field advantage.  The fans were seated basically ontop of the field, and there was not a louder or more imposing place to play.  This is in stark contrast to the "imposter Yankee Stadium," where they now play.  The crowd noise is much much less, even during the World Series it sounded as if it was a Spring Training game.  A major talking point the Yankees brass used when discussing the new stadium was the plethora of new restaurants it was going to have.  Honestly I come to a baseball game to watch the Bombers play, not to eat overpriced, gourmet food.  I could care less if they didn't have $20 steak sandwiches at the old stadium, a hot dog was fine. People have to remember that these "ammenities" just jack up the ticket prices. Other negative aspects of the new stadium include the drab grey and brushed metallic color scheme chosen to adorn the majority of the stadium, and the stands being pushed back too far from the field.  The place feels like a huge steel palace that has absolutely no character.  The only part I like is the new jumbotron, it's pretty cool.  As a Yankees fan I am forced to go to this place to watch my team, even though the old Stadium was 100x better! I am saddened that some of you never had the chance to experience a game in the "real" Yankee Stadium, it was an amazing site to see.
RIP House that Ruth Built. Beautiful and imposing building great concourses, awful idea. Sadly, it's too late to go back now. It's obvious that this stadium was not built for the real Yankee fan, and it's obvious that age and health are not what has Bob Shephard staying home.   If you gave this place a good review, you are not a real baseball fan and have no idea what the Yankees represent.   This stadium was built for tourists, chicks, and two generations of Steinbrenner greed. Taxpayers who were robbed, Bronx residents screwed out of their parklands,  and Yankee fans permanently separated from the most magical place in New York can question for years to come why the F we need a $1.5 monument to greed across the street from Baseballs Cathedral goes slowly to pieces. Oh, and if that's not enough, there are 10 reminders a year when the Yankees play at Fenway Park of a better time for the game, a better time for our country.
Just being at Yankee stadium gives you goosebumps, even the new one.  Even as a cardinals fan I can respect the teams legacy.  I went to a recent game and sat in the bleachers.  The view was great and we had a great time. My girlfriend and I also saw Mccartney here in 2012.  The concert was amazing.  The stadium doubled well as a music venue.  This ball park is definitely above average.
went here for the ALCS last year, the old place was historic indeed but this place is truely amazing and so much better then the old stadium.. It is easy to get in and out of, it has a hard rock inside as well as many cool museums and monument park... just like all ballparks it is very expensive but it really truely is a great place to see a ballgame and a glimpse of the all mighty derek jeter...
The Roman Cathedral of the National Pastime? Just a bit of an exaggeration but this place is grandiose. The inside concourse A.K.A. " The Great Hall" is immensely spacious and comfortable. Assorted souvenir shops, casual bar area, Hard Rock Cafe, The Yankee Museum & Monument Park - there's plenty of things (and picture taking) to do before the game begins. The "Game Experience". Enjoying a game depends on a number of factors which include: 1-The Weather - "Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head" or "In The Heat of the Moment". 2-The Seats - Are we sitting with drunken louts or friendly polite fans looking for a pleasant time. Unless you're having an issue under item 1 - and there are no Yankee employees around to assist - these factors are "luck of the draw" issues not subject to review. The game viewing area is beautifully wide open and panoramic. Sitting in your seat and looking at the ballpark you're almost not bothered by all the advertising displays. Almost... While waiting for your ridiculously overpriced below par food you can see all the action (or 2013 Yankee inaction) and not miss a beat. Standing / watching area is allowed if you need to get away from above mentioned weather issues. In my experience I've found the bathrooms relatively clean  - even as the innings progress - with little or no line waiting. With my kids at adult age I don't go anywhere near as I used to. With the prices as they are I find myself watching at home. The beers are cheaper and if the game is lousy I'll put on Seinfeld reruns...
I'm a lifelong Yankees fan and a mini-plan holder since 1997. Whenever I'm going to a game I feel like I'm entering a shopping mall in the burbs that happens to have a Baseball diamond stuck in the middle. Give me the crowd noise of the old stadium anyday over the $15 steak sandwiches. The only upside is I can get from my seats in the 400 level to the train in  under10 minutes at the end of the game since everyone else is trying to "beat the traffic". Food options are good with Carl's Steaks being my favorite.
It's true what they say - Yankee stadium prices are astronomical - at $9 a beer you might as well bring a six-pack for the parking lot. GARLIC FRIES are wonderful (no matter what the cost!) Monument Park is nice, although it closes before the game so you have to go early. The park shows the history of the Yankee franchise and the bird spikes ontop of all the rafters are pretty interesting.
Alright..first I have to stress that I'm a huge Mets fan..to the point where someone calls me Mrs. Met. That said, I like a good night of baseball and when a friend last night offered to take me to a game I jumped at the chance. Our seats were in the first row of the 400s which gave us a pretty good view. We had Johnny Rockets for dinner and (of course) it was pricey but the fries were great. My biggest complaint was not getting a lid for the drink. We walked around but didn't go to the museum..it looked nice from the outside.  It's not the stadium's fault I had someone yelling for Jeter every.single. time. he came to bat.   I'd go again. :)
This was my second time this year attending a Yankee's  game. I have been a fan most  of my life, you see my father and grandfather are and we're Yankee fans too. This time was a little different attending the game. You see my husband won the tickets in a Fox and Friends contest. We were so excited! My husband too is a big Yankee fan. We took the train and subway there. It's the best and fastest way to get there. When you arrive it's like nothing you've ever seen. Street venders everywhere selling food, music, clothing. When you cross the street you see this huge stadium, and everyone is wearing either pinstripe Yankee shirt or the solid blue. Once I entered the stadium I was in awe of seeing pictures of all the great men who had the privilege of playing for the team. We were able to watch the game from one of the private boxes that Fox had rented. I took a private elevator to the top. Once there we were greeted by the friendly staff and Fox news crew. I found great seats outside under the awning. What an amazing feeling to look down and see home plate. It was a very special day because it was a tribute to our arm forces. I was able to eat hot dogs, Cesar salad, chicken fingers and lots of cold beer, and soda . The food was very good and tasty. I ventured down one level to get coffee and there were vendors selling beer, soda, water, and all different types of fast food. I could see lots of children buying popcorn, and cotton candy. The weather was a perfect sunny day. I was sad the Bronx Bombers lost, but what a thrill to be back in the Bronx once more. I would highly recommend anyone seeing a baseball game here live! Especially from Yankee Stadium with the The Yankees.
i have been to the new yankee stadium a countless number of times. great experiences every time, besides when the yankees lose. well what do you expect from a stadium, easy to maneuver around, high prices at concession stands, your usual stadium. go yankees !
I FROZE.  I know it's outside, but wow.  I expected at least heat lamps or something on their bar deck.  NOT SO.  Silly me. I will say that the lines moved really fast.  Food and beers were pricey, as you'd expect.   We had pretty bad seats, but the view was still really good.  (NOT like my Barclays Center experience-- read that if you want to hear about bad seats.)  A special added plus for me, since NYU has their commencement here.  Glad to know that my family will be able to see, wherever they'll sit when I FINALLY finish grad school! I've heard that the Mets new stadium is way nicer.  I will scope that out this summer and get back to you.
The new stadium is pretty nice. We sat in the 1st level seats and it was a great experience - wait staff that will deliver you drinks, food, and even souvenirs; cup holders that were located at your knees so you didn't spill it on your neighbor (in genious!), and easy access to restrooms and stores/vestibules. Overall, one thing that I would recommend that is out of the ordinary for a ballpark, is the Noodle Bowl.  Find this place and consume the Tofu or the Chicken Noodle Bowl - you'll thank me!  its not greasy, its  a full meal, and the price range is $6.50 - $8.50 (which is cheaper than most chinese places I know in Chinatown!  I got the bowl first and then two other people in my party ended up getting it too because it smelled damn good.  A good value for sure!
This is such a huge improvement from the original Yankee stadium. Its beautiful, huge and has a great appearance for a baseball stadium. Went to 3 games there this year and happy i went except for the free promotionals that if you dont go early you will never get them. They are not to everyone and jsut has a few amount of them which isnt fair. the food at the stadium is over priced for all other stadium yet the food isnt bad either. The best part is the garlic fries, you cant go there and not order them. Go to the second floor for them as the lines are smaller. Next year play to go to the steakhouse within the staidum as I hear its a good steak. Also had comp tickets through my job for the legends club memeber and that was an experince that I wish I could have it again. Free food like in a gourmet high end restaruant. Seafood galore yet since i was wiht my boyfriend who is allergic i couldnt have any. free ice cream, candy, soda, drinks etc. It was heaven and would do anything to have that again. Best day ever!
Huge stadium. Can't miss a game while on line getting food because the field is open and there's tvs everywhere!  Gotta get the garlic fries here, never had em, but my friend who had it swore by it!   On a hot summer day, you have to get their lemonade!  Its nice and cold and quenches your thirst!  I love this stadium because they have elevators now that takes you seconds before reaching the ground.  No more walking down the ramp!  YES!!!
Yankee fan since I was 5 here. The place is fantastic looking. The atrium is massive and amazing... here are the pros and cons PROS Seats are more comfy That Flat Screen jumbo tron Lots and lots of concessions and bathrooms The museum is a blast CONS Where is the scoreboard for the rest of the major league scores? There REALLY is a windtunnel, I swear I saw a pop fly shift in the air A side of fries was 6.50... expensive all around The other good thing is that the view is good, you feel alot closer to the game. Which is good cause noone in their right mind would pay that kind of money to sit field level...
this place is heaven. heaven.
Note: this is a review of the stadium itself and not the Yanks or their beloved fans. So..... The place is truly amazing. All the luxuries you could want as a fan. Elevators, escalators, entrances, sight lines, concessions, cup holders, the jumbotron, overall cleanliness, the Great Hall, the jumbotron IN the Great Hall and even the bathrooms. All of it is top notch. There are certainly lessons to be learned on to how to make the most out of the stadium, but after a few visits you'll be a pro. My suggestions: -hit up the Malibu bar behind section 310. It's a great place to stretch you legs and get a drink from the (often empty) full bar. -If you have 300 or 400 level seats get ur tush in an elevator. -Always find a 'beers of the world' stand so you don't have to suck down Bud Lights for three hours. -Nathans, nathans, nathans. It's the only stand with cheese fries and the signature dogs. -When you find a concession you like, don't stop on the first line. There are always shorter lines close by.
Fight!  Fight!  Fight!  Fight! I recorded the Yankee brawl with the Blue Jays.  Good thing I didn't leave early.  It definitely salavaged some entertainment value from a lackluster game. It's hard to write this review without comparing to Citi Field. Pros for Yankee Stadium: - Live crowd and passionate fans. - Decent beer selection. - Cheese steaks.  They give you your choice of cheese, including Cheez Whiz. Cons for Yankee Stadium: - Less architecturally striking than Citi Field. - Overpriced food, even for a ball park. - My Nathan's hot dog bun was ridiculously stale. - No Shake Shack!
The setting and the service is very good. The steak was better than average but pricey even by NY standards. Tuna tartar was not great.
Heeeeeeeeeeeey Batter, batter, batter, batter, swing, batter! Let's face it - corporate sponsorship is a must if you want a top notch stadium.  If you want to sit in an old school stadium, come watch a game at the Aloha Stadium in Hawaii - you'll definitely get that nostalgic feel.  lol We couldn't believe the prices for the tickets, $150 for seats lower level halfway between first base and the foul ball post.  But we paid it anyway for the experience.  The stadium is very convenient to get to from Times Square - one 20 minute subway ride), and after we got off the subway and walked up the stairs to street level, Gate 6 was right there.  I guess it was Hard Rock Cafe day because they gave each ticketholder a special Hard Rock Cafe/Yankees pin at the entrance - what a cool souvenir!   The logo shop was crowded and there was a wait just to get in.  But it's fully stocked with a wide variety of logo wear - there is something for everyone in that shop.  And we got a discount for flashing my husband's military ID card. We were puzzled at why the lines at the concessions weren't long before and during the game.  It's because there are food runners going up and down the aisles, taking orders and delivering food.  Many fans were ordering food from these runners out of convenience.  For me, I didn't mind getting my own food because it gave me a chance to be in the shaded area. Bonus: the seats are cushioned!
WORLD CHAMPIONS I dedicate my 100th post to the legendary NY Yankees. The new Stadium has three main attractions. The History. Located in both monument park featuring the ghosts of old baseball and the Legends museum featuring uniforms, equipment, trophy's, a life size perfect game of Don Larsen and Yogi Berra, and in tribute the original Locker of former slugger Thurman Munson. The Atmosphere. The food, drinks, and utter impressiveness of the great hall, Babe Ruth plaza and of coarse the field. The pinstripe outfield, with the right and left field bullpens, and that hallowed home plate give everyone the feeling of history. The Team. With the making of at least five hall of famers already slated for births into those legendary ranks, Jeter, AROD, Posada, Rivera, Texiera, and Pettitte. The amazing plays, blasts out of the stadium, and of coarse the walk off pie in the face. I spent my youth riding my bike up to the top of the hill overlooking the Macombs Dam bridge, watching the lights and hearing the cheers of for Bronx Bombers. I am a Fan and even if you are not, visit the stadium and enjoy the experience.
I have bias.  I love baseball.  I am working on loving the Yankees, but it's a process.  As far as the stadium goes..  I love it.  It's easy to access, just a simple walk across the bridge.  The fans are cool and I would go here any day before going to CITI field.  The views are great.  I've sat in every level of the stadium and enjoyed them all.  Everyone should go once, even if you're not a Yankees/baseball fan.
OK. I've had some time to reconsider my initital review, which was written back when the ballpark first opened and my wounds were still raw. Since then, I've been to new Yankee Stadium many times, including sitting in the bleachers for the clinching game of the 2010 World Series. I must say this place is growing on me. I still miss the vertigo-inducing upper deck of the old Yankee Stadium -- part of the team's home field advantage, in my opinion -- but that may be the only thing I miss. Even with the obstructed views in the outfield, the new bleachers are so much better than the old ones it's not even close. The first time I checked out the new ballpark, in fact, I was with my Dad. His immediate reaction upon seeing the field: "Oh this reminds me of the old Yankee Stadium," referring to the ballpark before its mid 1970s renovation. The crappy customer service and snippy attitude of the stadium workers also seem to have been buried along with the old ballpark. It's ridiculous how much nicer people are in this new place. One time my nephew spilled my nearly full bee and I took it back to beg for another, and it was gladly provided. Yes! (That never would have happened in the old place) Also, I had the luck of sitting in the High Rent District seats near home plate. Let me just say these seats are incredible. The free food, service, views, etc. I began to understand how the serfs wanted to overthrow the kings during the French Revolution after a night basking in the glow of these choice digs. Doubleheader anyone? Sure the food could be better -- I recommend Carl's Jr steak sandwiches -- but this is a ballpark and not a restaurant. Sure the seats could be cheaper but how else are the Yanks gonna pay Jeter, ARod, Mariano, CC, etc? Simply put, this place blows doors over the new Mets ballpark and it's a pleasure to watch a game here. I still get a little nostalgic when i look at photos of the old joint, but it was time to say adios to that hunk of poo.
They did a really nice job with the stadium and entry/exit seemed to flow nicely.  We sat in the delta skybox area and took full advantage of having our food and beer orders delivered to our seats.  Even got a hot fudge sundae delivered since apparently chocolate malts are a west coast thing. I loved that the field keepers danced to YMCA and that you could see the subway train going by.  The big screen was super clear and the details around the park were well thought out.  The bathrooms were freezing though since the AC was cranked to full blast.  The stadium didn't do the wave very well as the lower level was probably 2 sections ahead of the upper.  Of course the merchandise in the store was way overpriced. Didn't see any fights in the stadium but did outside and they were two kids in the same family with their mom yelling at them before NY's finest came around the corner to reprimand them.  Ever car driving away from the stadium seemed to be blasting empire state of mind - go figure. Our host couldn't figure out where the car service was picking us up, so like a woman, I asked for directions - we did get to explore the perimeter of the park this way though =) All and all a fun night was had by all.
Love the team, but the stadium isn't very much exciting. Sure, there's the museum and monument park, but after you've visited both, there's really not much to do but wait until the game starts. The food is way, way overpriced, and it's not even worth eating (unhealthy food mostly). Stadium security is very strict, too. Not very fan-friendly.
Yankee stadium is the best baseball stadium in all the land... It's also the most expensive in all the land which it's why it only gets four stars.   The stadium was designed so that anywhere you sit, you have a good view of the game (even in the 300 sections). There is a lot of staff around so, there is never any possible way you could get lost.   The FOOD is the best part of the Yankee stadium experience and the garlic fries are a must.
I've been to the new stadium a few times, once in the Legend seats...nothing can beat that service!  However, I just discovered the Garlic Fries...it's a must at the stadium and not for ppl with a senstive stomach!  It was so worth the fat and calories...just be prepared to feel like a clove of garlic for the next day! The other must is the yard long Margaritas...$15 a pop, but essential!
Who says you can't have it all!!! The prices might be high, but hey, it's New York!!! On a sunny day, to enjoy a hot dog and beer while cheering on the GREATEST team in baseball...............BTW, there's a reason they call it a "Stadium!"
It's a nice new stadium.  If the goal was to build a newer version of old Yankee Stadium that hung onto the general feel of the old place, the short right field porch, the alcohol-free bleachers, the white-picket-fence border that rings the upper exterior of the stadium, and a handful of other things, then this has to be considered somewhat of a success. However, having recently visited both Yankee Stadium and Citi Field, I was more impressed with the Mets' new digs than that of the Yankees.  Both places are new, fresh and clean, without being obnoxiously shiny or distracting.  Both places have a shocking array of solid food options (for a ballpark), and a way larger beer selection than has ever before been encountered at a sporting event.  Both places have nice wide open concourses and ample seating most of which is reasonably accessible and offers good views of the field. But at Yankee Stadium I felt like I was paying for the new stadium construction.  Everything is at least 25% more expensive than its counterpart at Citi.  I'm sure I am not the first person to say "Really?  $10 for a Miller Lite?" but... Really?  $10 for a Miller Lite?
Food--that's one thing there's not a lack of at the new Yankee Stadium. With plenty of options to choose from, you can enjoy your beer as you watch the game (or stop for pizza, dogs, burgers and more.) Although, as you probably know, you will pay the price for dining in the stadium so be prepared to spend $6 on a hotdog and $10 on a beer because it'll def cost you. There isn't a bad view in the house either. With week night tickets beginning at just $10, you can't beat that.
its new and conveniently located next to a subway stop, so at least its clean and convenient.  i had very high expectations but was let down badly.  i was truly surprised by how bad it was.  the place has no character, inside or outside.  architecture is drab.  views (of surrounding city) are nonexistent.  it is too big and cavernous, yet design is closed off and claustrophobic because tall stands surround the entire field.  we had nosebleed seats and the balcony below us completely cut off our sightlines to right field and some of the scoreboard!  ridiculous.  food selection near our seats was not good either.  i have to assume that this place gets rave reviews from yankees fans because either they have too much pride to admit that the place sucks or they have never seen a baseball park outside of new york.  att park in sf is the gold standard.  im sure ill get a lot of hate mail for this, but bad is bad.
I'll preface this by saying, I went to Citifield the day before for the Sox/Mets, and then went to Yankee Stadium for Yanks/Cubs.  Wish I hadn't wasted my money, and just gone to two Yankee games. Yes it cost 1.5 Billion, and was worth every single penny. Being from Illinois, and once die hard Cubs fan, when I told my dad " this is the best stadium ever" he shunned me and wrote me out of the will, but it's the truth. Like people say, the Yankees deserve this. 26 rings, most recognized name in sports, the most loved and most hated, most league MVP's they deserve it. If let's say, the Washington Nationals were playing in this stadium I would say it was a waste of money. It is awe inspiring, and as one writer put it " an amusement park. You could go, and spend the entire game touring the stadium and forget there is a baseball game even happening." The museum is great, you must attend, even if there is a line. They have Munsons locker enshrined, great statues of Yogi and Larson, and the collection of autographed baseballs is mind boggling. As a fat guy, this place was made to cater to me. Wide seats, escalators at every turn, ELEVATORS, and huge huge huge huge turnstiles.  I could go on and on, but you have to just see it for yourself.
Been here for the first time last week.  I love the atmosphere.  "You live in New York and never been to a Yankees Game?" Is the reaction that I've gotten numerous times from classmates and friends. That's because I'm a Phillies fan!!!! (I know...hate me but its true) But that's another story for another time...Anyway, my roommates got a great deal on some tickets so I decided to tag along.  I love the food, tasted some of the famous garlic fries (I'm a fan by the way), had the icecream inside the little Yankees hat and enjoyed a beer with some die hard fans sitting next to us.   All in all it was a cool experience, not to say that I'm giving up on the Phillies (which'll never happen by the way) but I will definitely come back.
i'll be the first to admit it: i'm a hater.  as much as i was prepared to hate the new yankee stadium, i was completely wowed when i entered.  at first i was taken aback by how much the stadium resembled an upscale shopping mall, but then the most glorious food smells immediately assaulted me, and was a continued theme throughout the evening. the concourses were spacious, and bathrooms the best stadium bathrooms i've ever seen.  on street level, there is a members-only restaurant with a buffet that could've rivaled the brunch buffet at the Rainbow Room. the gift shop is also on this level.  other concession stands i noticed included Daisy Mae's bbq, Tommy Bahama bar with liquor and wine, Hard Rock, steak, Carvel, and italian sausage.  But the clincher for me?  The beer stand has an extensive offering of draft and bottled brews, including gluten-free beer!!  i was as happy as a clam when i saw this, and laughed when my philly friend said, "gluten-free beer at a stadium?  only in ny".  and that is precisely why i love nyc.
Went to my first Yankees game at the new stadium yesterday and was blown away at how awesome of a job was done on the new digs. Yeah, there's a corporate feel to it and it has definitely lost a touch of grit the 'house that Ruth built' but I am glad my tax dollars built such an amazing ball park.  I was most certainly a little skeptical but seeing is believing.  The food vendors no longer block your view and there are tons of flat screens all around so you can catch the game while walking around the stadium or on your way to your seat, etc.   The food and beverage prices could cost you as much as the GNP of a 3rd world country, but hey, it's all part of the entertainment.   I truly look forward to many more years of attending games at the New Yankee Stadium.
being that i am a RABID Yankee fan. I'll just say this place is the closest place to Heaven for me. I'm probably not the best person to review this place. EXPENSIVE BEER? NO PROBLEM.....GO YANKEES! EXPENSIVE FOOD,TIXX,PARKING, and MERCH??? WHO CARES!!! GO YANKEES!!! they built this place off of people like me and thats exactly how they want it.
saw Yankee game on Friday with Legend passes. what a way to go!! food was very good, seats were awesome and service at seats beyond expectation.
I just came back from the Yankees/Rays game where the Yankees won 9-5. I have attended hundreds of games throughout the US and I have to say that today's game was the best ever. I arrived at the Stadium at 11:00 and received VIP parking a block away on 161st Street.  When I entered the stadium, I was in total awe. From the Yankees Store(s) to the Yankee Museum to the game itself, it was a grand show. The video screen is HUGE........not only did it show numerous replays and kept you fully informed of all the game stats continuously, the video screen never stopped entertaining the crowd from 1200 to the end of the game. Music, games, videos,Yankee history, etc.....it was just awesome. The stadium is just fuckingoutstanding in every possible manner. Seating, food, views, service, etc.......if I lived in NY, I would be a season ticket holder. At the end, Mariano Rivera came in the 9th and ended the game. The Yankees Win!!!! and so did I and the 50,000 fans who also went to the game. As Frank Sinatra began singing I love NY......I sang along as well!
pretty sweet, the jim beam lounge sucks tho.  and the entrance to the box seating is all the way in the back which is kind of a long walk.   obviously the prices are high on everything, but the food is pretty good, huge selection.  good beer selection too.  the new layout is nice, you can walk around and get a good view from just about anywhere.
Before '09 you couldn't find a stadium that looked like a mall, airport and a baseball field. But now you get shops, 5 star dining (NYY Steak, Hard Rock Cafe, Audi Club), and a field where you have a great view from pretty much anywhere in the 1st two levels. They offer pretty much any kind of food you can think of, even Ice cream pints! Legends and Champions seats already have all inclusive food. Most field seats and all legends seats offer in seat dining. For everyone else (myself included), there is a concession within 1 minute of walking from your seat. Personally, main outfield in home run territory and outfield seats are a great value, because you can see the entire field. Of course, grandstand infield behind home plate is one of the best views of the stadium. Playoff atmosphere is unmatched. You will probably lose your voice if you sit in bleachers! Take public transportation (4,b,d trains) from manhattan and if from jersey better off driving and buying prepaid parking from clickandpark.com. Enjoy!
I love the Yankees!  They have been my favorite baseball team since I got my first Yankee shirt from my uncle when I was 4 or 5.  One of the 2. The Old Yankee Stadium... or rather the "Real" Yankee Stadium was majestic. The History... The Ambiance... The Good Old Everyday New Yorker... **The Bleecher Seats** Everything about the place was simply magical. Walking into the Stadium from the concessions promanade was like walking into the Colliseum in Rome as Gladiators battled to the death for Glory and Freedom...... (The price of Freedom has always been blood) Hearing the crowd roar and the rumble of the stadium from the causeway just outside of the field built up such excitement and high-energy vibration.  Upon walking through the corridor that opened up onto the field and seeing the horde of fellow Yankee fans ROARING, the gorgeous grass and dirt diamond (The same diamond the Babe, Mick, Big Lou, and Joey D graced with their seemingly super-human feats), and Memorial Park set off in the distant outfield... you had entered THE PALACE! The new stadium courtesy of Hank Steinbrenner sucks.  It is a commercial attraction rather than a New York Monument and I personally think it is a disgrace to the Yankee Legacy. One a side note* - Citi Field is Glorious and long deserved.
Was here for a playoff game at it was great. THe ballpark is very nice and they are very proud of it based on the prices of everything. The field looked good. The people were not as nice as the ballpark but hey its NY what do you expect. Guy wearing an Angels jersey was booes, had food and trash thrown at him and cussed at even though he wasnt being an overly cheerful oppsoing fan.
The stadium is clean, new and vibrant. With that said, it doesn't seem very family and fan friendly. It has a very corporate feel to it that is not very welcoming. There seems to be no activities and the beer is overpriced even for stadium prices. I believe the beers are 11 - 12 bucks a pop. No one tailgates and they don't have a designated smoking section. I believe the stadium is filled with fake Yankee fans and tourist that want to say they've been to Yankee stadium. The true Yankee fans seem to have congregated in a small section in the  bleachers. Also, no one said anything to me even though I was wearing my Mets cap. This would not have been the case in the old stadium. Oh yeah, I can't forget about the parking. The parking is dreadful.  We found a spot near the courthouse after 30 mins of driving around. We wouldve parked in the lot but it costs 40 bucks. After parking, two black kids started wrestling on the hood while we were still in the car. If I were a Yankee fan, I would rather watch the game at a sports bar. I can see why Yankee fans would rather watch the subway series at citi field rather than at Yankee stadium. I think citi field wins hands down. Out of all the new ball parks I've been to (citizens bank, Camden yards, Yankee stadium and citifield), Yankee stadium was the worst.
Remember in the movie Gladiator when Russell Crowe first approaches the Colosseum in Rome?  And he and his fellow Gladiators looked in awe of how amazing the structure was, he made the comment "I did not know men could build such things"... Well going to the New Yankee Stadium of course it's not amazing that a stadium is built these days but as I walked thru the halls of the Stadium, saw all the history of Yankee championships, the photos of the great players from the past, and the whole feeling of being in Yankee stadium was sort of majestic.  I couldn't help but feel the vibe that this stadium gives. But unfortunately for me the Yankees were playing out of town but I came here for NYU graduations.  Concession stands were all open as well as the Yankee clubhouse stores so I still was able to stuff my face with food, soda, and soft-serve ice cream and look at all the over-priced apparel they sell. Instead the stadium was just about filled with family and friends of about a million graduates.  Really the most graduates I've seen in one place, so many in fact that NYU didn't read the graduate's names.  They just have one graduate represent each department and accept for the group.  Sonia Sotomayor gave the speech who taught law at NYU.  She's well spoken, of course I guess she's suppose to be. But back to Yankee Stadium it definitely is one of the better stadiums even though my preference will always be AT&T park.  An easy ride on the Metro took me right in front of the stadium.   You want history, to see a good-looking ballpark, and even if not a baseball fan or Yankee fan it's worth checking out just as much as any other sites in New York.
I'm in the Delta suite right now, with my family the view is great but the service is horrible!! They ran out of coffee and can't make more?!?! Really?!? I asked for a manager and she cared even less!! Not worth the price for these seats!!
Right from the moment I laid my eyes on Yankee Stadium, I immediately felt annoyed. Actually, I hated it. Almost prison like in design, Yankee Stadium is unwelcoming and obnoxious. It towers over the Bronx with cold concrete walls and monument style architecture. Its dull gray and dark navy blue interior does absolutely nothing for me. I loathe Yankee Stadium. Yet, I love it at the same time. I can't believe I'm going to admit this, but after taking in its intense atmosphere I realize that my hatred stems from jealousy. Out in the Bronx, the Yankees themselves are so show stopping that they don't need to worry about creating a fun loving, happy go lucky atmosphere within their stadium. Yankee fans don't need to be entertained by their stadium, they need to be entertained by the product on the field. This stadium is a mere footnote. Baseball captivates the center stage. Wins and losses define the atmosphere, and that's what makes it astoundingly beautiful. Steinbrenner was a genius. He built a huge concrete canvas to highlight this mighty warrior empire. It makes all the other brand new baseball stadiums with promotional junk and flashy colors look ridiculous. I think that it even makes my favorite park in the whole entire world, the home of my San Francisco Giants, look silly with its Coca-Cola bottle in the outfield. My team's park literally looks weak and childish compared to the new Yankee Stadium. Built without much consideration for advertising revenue, it's just one big fat reminder that the Yankees rule - and no matter how much I try to fight or justify it, my team's stadium drools. Yankee Stadium is perfection with convenient access from the subway, gorgeous scoreboard, excellent visibility, sparkling clean facilities, knowledgeable fans (who pass on answering their phone when a player is up to bat) and most importantly... star-studded, ridiculously talented and highly criticized players on the field. Yeah, I love the new Citi Field a lot more... but that's because the Met's stadium welcomed me through its front gates with open arms. Mr. Met even shook my hand. And unfortunately, I am a west coast baseball Giants fan and west coast baseball stadiums take the focus away from the players. I root for the underdog. The Yankees know that they are the pinnacle of Major League Baseball. But hey, they have rightfully earned it and they have the World Series titles to prove it (along with their own YES network). So why not build a concrete Yankee Mecca? I honestly wish my team could. But I don't think it would ever fly - too many fair weather west coast fans would whine and say that it isn't entertaining enough for them. So if you are looking for the lovable looser underdog stadium, this isn't it. Go visit Citi Field (or come visit the west coast). I've been to many a MLB stadium, and this one impressed me with its purity. Yankee Stadium won't entertain you if you can't appreciate the game itself. This place is a clubhouse for real baseball fans only. It's the epitome of pompous perfection. Well done Steinbrenner, well done.
It's a baseball stadium. It's nicer than the old Yankee Stadium, and the staff are friendly and bathrooms/seats/etc. kept clean. But food and drink options are limited, especially compared to Citifield, and overpriced (although that's to be expected). It's always a good time to see a game here, but again -- just another baseball stadium. Ticket prices are RIDICULOUS.
Great place for a sporting event of any kind. I've been for both baseball and the outdoor NHL game here and the venue is great. Yeah New York fans can be aggressive so bring thick skin. The food and merchandise are priced astronomically as well.
This stadium is beautiful.  No matter your position on Yankee baseball, any sports fan in the world knows of its place in MLB history while tourists flock the stadium year after year, some who don't even know the game itself.  That was the old Yankee stadium. The new one retains the essence of its predecessor while capturing the new and sophisticated look of a 21st century sports venue.  There is nothing like this place in the world, most visitors would agree.  As a loyal mets fan of the last decade, I would even concede that even the new Citi Field bears little qualities worth comparing.  It is simply the finest place to play baseball. And though it's completely irrelevant, go Mets.
YANKEES SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!! As a New-Englander, I am obligated to say that (Go Sox!). That being said, the new Yankee Stadium is pretty nice - hey, I'm a baseball fan, I can say that. *looks around for the ghost of Ted Williams* Not as awesome as Fenway, for sure (seriously, objectively... Fenway is historical and the new Yankee Stadium is... uh, new - and even old Yankee stadium was fairly new in terms of stadiums), but for a modern stadium, it's aiiiiight. I have to say, I was going to give the new Yankee Stadium four stars, but because as a Red Sox fan in my team-appropriate gear, I was barely heckled at all. FOR SHAME, YANKEES FANS! I at least wanted a beer thrown at me or an argument about Fenway franks v. Nathan's hotdogs, if not a full-on brawl, bad accents flying on both sides. I mean, come on. The worst that happened was a security guard teased my aunt, a Yankees fan (she is confused - she is from Connecticut, poor thing), about being seen with me. WEAK. So, Budweiser was $9.50 here. Even though I just looked it up and the Interwebz tell me that Fenway has the highest prices "at $7.25 for 12oz," I know for a fact that cheap beer was $9.50 and "better" beer was $10.50 at Yankee Stadium - so I'm guessing some dummy Yankee fan came up with that figure. Dummies!! You can't even beat the Orioles on a Wednesday evening. That's because Yankees Suck!! But seriously, the new stadium is nice. It's clean. It's family friendly. People have crazy New York accents (werter? lawndree? COME ON!). The bathrooms are immaculate. However... to me, that's not what baseball should be. Baseball is old-timey and gritty and sweltering and Boston and wicked bad accents (bub), and horrible Irish punk bands and, and, and... *passes out.* Whatever. I tried to be objective, but it's impossible. YANKEES SUCK!
so many people shit on the new stadium and I don't know why I grew up going to the old one and yet I still love the new place. The beer is expensive but of course it is. You are at a sports event. Bleacher seats for 5 bux on stubhub. You can not go wrong. Get the garlic fries and hit the soft serve stand. also be on the look out for high pitch eric from the howard stern show. he works at the hard rock next store!
Huge stadium. We sat in the left field benches. Great views. Go explore the stadium. Greatly secret...watch the game from your seat. Then if you want a closer view, go stand before the seats at home plate for free. Even better view. Game result: Game winning single. Face full of shaving cream. Exciting.
From outside, the Stadium looks beautiful at night, deep graceful arches tastefully lit....even with thousands of people streaming in, they scan you and your ticket and get you inside pretty quick. Sorry, no liquids :(  Best part inside is the large amount of space on each level behind the seats, where the concessions are...you can watch the game from up there if you choose, and never feel crowded... There are hi-def tvs all over the place to watch instant replays. Not that impressed with the Diamond Vision big screen....maybe I was expecting too much clarity from a 60-foot screen. I always pay extra for a tasty Heineken over the watery Coors Light; best value is the humongous bucket o' popcorn, which will feed you and about 6 of your crew for 8 bucks... Go Yankees!
Whatever you do make sure you get the GARLIC FRIES! simply amazing!   The hard rock cafe at Yankee Stadium also makes great Long Island Ice Tea's.
I have to give it 5 stars because the wife would kill me if i didn't ;) In all seriousness, new Yankee stadium is a modern wonder.  Extremely diverse selection of food and drink.  I was amazed i could get a noodle bowl which was right next to a mexican rice dish which was next to a hamburger place.  Can't complain about that. I've been twice:  First time in a box by the left field foul pole: great experience just to do it but prefer sitting in actual seats.  Absolutely nothing but the finest in the box. Second time was in right field by the foul pole (do you see the trend?).  Seats were fantastic and the padding was lazy-boy-esq.   Regardless if you love the Yankees or hate them to death, it is a great experience.  I have also been to Fenway Park and enjoyed the experience just as much as Yankee stadium.  Nothing beats a great day at the ballpark.
Ah, the fields of dreams...  The new Yankee Stadium v the old Yankee Stadium?  Both are great in their own right. Our goal of going to every baseball park started because the old Yankee Stadium was going to close forever.  So on June 8, 2007, we attended a game with the Yankees beating the Pirates 5 to 4 in 10 innings.  The old stadium definitely had character and so much history. But the new Yankee Stadium is amazing.  Every ballpark has overpriced food but I enjoy the fact that there are numerous vendor stations so the lines aren't too long.  The tickets cost a fortune so you want to watch the game not spend it standing in line for a hot dog. I've been to the new stadium twice.  The first time was on June 18, 2009 which was a full day of rain delay.  We sat there in the rain watching another baseball game on the giant JumboTron.  As a result of the rain delay, we had ample time to walk around and check out the stadium.  It's great.  I love the seats.  It's comfortable.  The Yankees eventually played that evening after the longest rain delay ever.  However, we were cold and wet and had left. Never fear because the Yankees organization treat their fans well.  We were given the option of getting free tickets in the upper deck or half off any other ticket for any of the season's remaining games.  We opted for the better seats and came back in September 2009.  We were able to enjoy a great game with CC Sabathia pitching.  We were in section 217, I believe.  Great seats.  I enjoyed the view of the entire stadium from our seats and the picture I took from my seat on my mobile phone is still used as my mobile wallpaper today. Although both Yankee Stadiums were just stops on my pilgrimage to experience every baseball park in the country, it was a great experience and I have a profound respect for Yankee fans and their devotion to their team.
Born in Da Bronx. Pinstripes. Need I say more? New stadium is gangster ala the later Jorge!
Ok, folks. Here's the deal. Yes, the new Yankee Stadium is soulless, and is most definitely not The House That Ruth Built. And that's how it is when you build a new stadium. When the original Yankee Stadium was built, there was no mystique, no aura, no history. But, the Yankees, over the next 80+ years of their existence, CREATED mystique, aura, and history. And that is what the new bunch of Yankees will have to do. So instead of bitching about how the "ghosts" are gone, go to the ballpark and cheer your ass off so that 50 years from now, the new ghosts will surface! That being said, in terms of the stadium itself, it's beautiful from the outside, as is the main concourse when you first walk in. However, once in my seat, I was underwhelmed. It's aesthetically dull, and that monstrosity of a structure in center field is UGH-LY. I mean, who designed that thing? That giant black and blue ZIT sticking out of center field is awful. In terms of ballparks I've been to, this one is simply "meh". I'd easily rate Oriole Park, Fenway, Wrigley, PNC, Citizens Bank, and Coors Field ahead of it without hesitation. As far as food prices go, I don't really get what anyone is complaining about. Yes, it's expensive to eat and drink there. Is that surprising? Had any of you been to the old Yankee Stadium in the past few years? If anything, I thought $10 for a 24 oz. beer seemed about what I expected. So, no complaints there. Overall, though, the stadium itself was disappointing. It's like someone took the old Yankees Stadium, gave it plastic surgery, then beat it with an ugly stick. I mean, that's the best you can do for a BILLION DOLLARS? Sad.
Section 202 bleachers Yankee's playing the Red Soxs great day out The sun is right in our eyes sitting in the outfield. Perfect weather out
Well it was our first trip to Yankee Stadium and I was so excited to go but when we got there, the thrill kinda died.  We sat in the left field bleechers and boy do those Yankee fans have mouths on them!  And why doesn't security do anything for people screaming obscenities during the entire game???  Thank goodness I wasn't with children because it was crazy!  The stadium itself was very nice but I've seen better.  The subway is so convient to get to this location from Manhattan, it is a must to see.  But now I've been there, done that, time to move on.... p.s. who ever heard of sushi at a baseball game???
Not all that impressive.  Fans were obnoxious and food very boring. I suggest you just watch the game on TV.
*This review was written this summer 07/06/2009 It's my second visit to Baseball Stadium. It was so easy to get to. We took D train and the station was right next to the station and next to the old stadium. I am sure I don't even need to mention to the most ball fans. Old stadium is marked in the map as Heritage Filed. "The Yankees are implementing a "Fresh-To-Order" system, which will provide fans with the freshest and hottest possible food." We got there just before 1 PM and were hungry. I was taken to Lobel's for their steak sandwich. OMG! They were so delicious!! They cut meat right there after you ordered and then, soaked the thick cuts of meat into the jus and placed on the bun. There were two toppings in a small take out container for sauces. I liked fresh horseradish. I ate with chopped black olives and onions but the taste of olive were too much for my liking but the freshness of horse radish cut the fat (although the meat was juicy but not so fatty beef and has a very nice red color inside the meat) and made the meat to shine even more. The bun is soft and eggy like Challah bread and worked very well. I wished I didn't decided to share with my husband but I wanted to try other foods that were unconventional. I went for Sushi. Looking at the Sushi chef (not Japanese), he made everything after I ordered. I decided to choose one uncooked roll (eel and cheese) and Nigiri (meaning sliced raw fish on the rice). If I tried those two different kind to see how this place is like. I asked what kind of rolls they were but she had no clue...but she was nice. I thought I saw eel and cucumber but there was cheese. The cheese flavor overpowered the eel for me. The Sushi were okay. I won't need to go back in the future. They were $15 each (see the images). Fresh lemonade stands were everywhere. They looked good so I tried. It was a disappointment. It was too watery and too sweet for me. It was about $5. One of our group spotted Nathan's and he went to get their famous cheese Fries. It was exactly the same as I tasted at Conney Island. Cheesy and salty but good and you know it would give me extra pound if you finish all. My fist experience of Yankee Stadium was very positive one. The seats had nice cushion and comfortable. I would definitely go back if I am invited. I don't watch baseball or any ball games.... but love to eat...I would definitely go back for Lobel's steak sandwich.
I'll try to not be biased (much) with my review of the new yankee stadium. I am a Met fan so i am partisan. By in large, the new stadium isnt bad at all... the worst part abotu it, i feel is its feeling of claustrophobia when walking along the concourses. They are closed in by the bleachers and compared to the ones at New Shea, they are pale in comparison. The drinks and food are HORRIBLY overpriced. I paid 10 bucks for a beer... let me say that again 10 BUCKS FOR A MOTHERF***G BEER. I made the comment to the vendor that there had better be gold flakes in there or i want my money back... she didnt even laugh. Steinbrenners have gone too far All in all.. i probably wont go back unless the Mets happen to be playing.. but nice to see the new stadium... dont get caught in the seats with viewing obstructions.. you cant see most of the field from the bleachers apparently. ... This is such a problem that they even had the players record a PSA to play on the jumbotron about it. STADIUM FAIL
House of concrete.  The old place certainly had its faults.  Those faults weren't corrected by the addition of a steakhouse, a Hard Rock Cafe, a "museum," a wraparound concourse from which it's very hard to actually see baseball, etc.  Maybe it's the fault of nostalgia, but 22 years ago, I saw Don Mattingly go 1/5 at YS off of KCR in a 5-3 defeat.  Willie Wilson had four hits and a stolen base for the victors.  I finally saw Mattingly homer there in 1992.  I won't recap the other 150 or so games that I saw there. Anyway, the new place is a wreck.  You're about a mile and a half away from the action, the fences are little league height, the view of the Bronx County Courthouse is gone, the concrete is hideous, the trademark facade is cheaper looking than ever.  If you want to watch the game on a crystal clear large format television, go to Rent a Center or something. I mean, I went 3 or 4 times last year.  I won't stay away.  But if I had stronger willpower I would.  The fans are also terrible, in the same lowest echelon as Philadelphia's and Boston's new generation of fans.
A Haiku for Yankees Stadium: Not like the old park Designed to take your money Big concrete prison
It's not a bad stadium. It's one of the more bigger stadiums that I've been too. Unfortunately it's not all that fan friendly though. There's not much other than Concession Stands through out the stadium. For those of you that don't know, in an effort to get the maximum number of seats possible, they actually built seats that have obstructed views. Think, Candlestick Park in San Francisco, but unlike SF where the seats are unavailable, the evil empire have these tickets for sale just like any other. Good thing they do advertise that the views are obstructed. You can find your usual hot dogs and baseball game food. If you want to save some dinero, there is a 24 hour McDonald's across the street, grab some burgers, put them in a plastic bag and bring it into the game. You'll look ghetto but know that you've just save about $30 on concession stand food. The Stadium is conveniently located next to a subway stop so there to and from is relatively easy even for the uninformed. Come and enjoy the game but best of all, come and see the faces of all the fans when the Yankees lose: Priceless. :)
What can I say . . . I'm a Yankees fan!
Although I'm definitely not a NY Yankees fan, I'm sad that I never got to see the old Yankee stadium.....the new Yankee stadium has no history to it (yet) and I agree that it does have a very corporate feel to it. As with many stadiums, concession prices are expensive.....which is probably why the lines are short and move very quickly. There are a lot of restrooms too, so you can get back to watching the game within a reasonable amount of time.  I was impressed overall by the efficiency of the staff and cleanliness of the facilities. Due to the way the stadium was designed, you have to sit pretty close (and pay BIG BUCKS) to really feel like you're "in the game".  For that reason alone, I enjoyed Citi Field more. One thing that I haven't seen anywhere else - the grounds crew tidies up the field in synchronized moves while "YMCA" is playing. AWESOME!!!
I finally got a chance to go to the Yankees Museum. I highly recommend it if you visit the stadium. Most, if not all, of the World Series rings are on display. The ring from the 2000 World Series is the best in my opinion.
The concrete jungle where dreams are made of used to be across the street. This place is overpriced, over gimmicky and doesn't quite have the soul of the old stadium. As a diehard Yanks fan, I'll always patron this place because, well, it's the only place I can catch a Yankee home game, but I don't love it like I did the old stadium. I give them props for having lots of food choices - everything from Asian noodle soups to buckets of chicken fingers and french fries. Those looking to eat healthy can actually do so here. The ticket prices are waaaay too much, but c'est la vie that's pretty much every sports team in NY. If you've never been, you'll love it. If you lived and died by the old stadium, you'll be disappointed.
Nice variety of food options, been the new stadium a few times.  Also, have been to the old stadium numerous times.  I like the old stadium better, people back then went to the game to watch the game. It's sad, the prices increased to the point there are empty seats at all of the games.
The new Yankees stadium is beautiful and has a bustling NY vibe to it. It's almost too perfect with too many activities, the stadium becomes the attraction and the baseball game is secondary... That said my 7 year old loved it! Yankees Stadium was stop #4 on our tour of MLB parks... We have seen game at 14 parks as of this writing... The Hard Rock Cafe was great with excellent memorabilia... Leave it to the Yankee's to put a HRC inside of the stadium... It makes for a fun lunch prior to the game. The Yankee's Hall of Fame was nicely done... All of the Yankee greats were well represented. The HOF also has a locker room mocked up where a child can put his/her name above a locker and take a picture... The 7 year old loved it! The stadium itself is huge and has great views from most every seat. I spent about $50 per ticket and had decent seats in the 1st row of the left field upper deck. One thing that I love about Yankee's Stadium is the ability to take the subway from Manhattan. The accessibility to mass transit makes for a great game day experience! All in all, Yankee Stadium is most everything that it should be. A suitable palace for one of the most successful and prosperous teams in all of sports.
I've been a Yankees fan for a while, but I haven't been to the new stadium. I wasn't the biggest fan of the old venue, but it had its charms and went in hoping that they preserved all the things that made going to see the Bombers at home a great experience. They certainly did not disappoint. I didn't get in to see Monument Park, which was frustrating, but they included a lot of amenities that make me want to go back and explore a little bit. Of particular interest was the Malibu Rooftop lounge and the NYY Steakhouse. Also, they seemed to cater more to all fans, as opposed to a lot of stadiums and teams that just have luxuries and amenities for fans in the skyboxes and field level seats.
Excellent sight lines, lots of bathrooms, so-so concessions that are $$$, next to subway and train stations, nice stadium, but I still prefer AT&T Park in SF. Definitely eat on the street a block away. You can get great pizza just up the street for a couple of bucks. You can then grab water outside the stadium for $1 (must remain sealed to bring in the stadium). Souvenirs are also readily available in shops adjacent to the stadium.
An amazing ballpark! Attended the 7/26 game vs. Athletics. You just can't miss a pitch no matter where you are in this stadium. I was blown away with the exterior and the great hall, you have no idea. I do miss the old Yankee Stadium because of the legends that played on that field and the late dynasty Yankees. What memories! As you can see, I'm quite speechless! A place every Yankee fan should visit if they can get a chance.
45 minute train ride from Brooklyn. 10 minute walk to gate 2. 5 minute wait for a hot dog with everything, fries, chicken tenders with ranch dipping sauce and a big ass Sierra Mist. 2 minutes for security to escort rowdy fans to the exit and not even think about returning to their seats. 120 minutes for the Yankees to win.  And worth every penny.
If only I could attend a game when the weather is warmer...despite the cool breeze  Yankee Stadium is beautiful, I just need to pick a warmer evening. Snagged field seats for 50% off & watched as Chamberlain used his fastball to beat  Tampa Bay  back down I-95!!! Lots of food options from Asian, Italian to the American burger.  Nothings cheap so bring your stash of cash.  More importantly watch out for all the drunks.  Staggering and carrying food should be an Olympic event....NOT!!!!  Plenty of uniformed police to keep the peace, so sit back and enjoy the antics.  Example:  Some poor guy in a stupor wanted to get the crowd started on a wave.  He tried his best, waving his arms and cajoling the crowd,  before some heckler shut him down by yelling "This is the Bronx, we don't do that here".  "Act like you know". Enjoy the peanuts, cracker jacks & seven inning stretch at the ball game.
The new Yankee Stadium is exactly what I would expect from the Yankee organization - a big, gaudy stadium with everything big from the humongous screen to the big advertisements everywhere. You will never forget where you are because everything around you screams the Yankees. They've done a great job with Monument Park and the newly added Yankee Museum. The stadium is a real tribute to the rich history established by this organization. The thing I did not like is that It is very commercialized, which is the price the Yankees paid for not selling naming rights to a big corporation. But hey, that's the nature of the business, and for those of you who forget, baseball is still a business. What I do like, as a fan, is how much more spacious this stadium is than the last. The design of the stadium makes it a lot less crowded, and overall a more enjoyable night (or day) out for baseball. The food variety is also way better at this new stadium (Although Citi Field definitely wins the food battle). If you're looking for something special, go for the garlic fries. They are deeeeelicious! I also love how they keep the Yankee Stadium fence decor - that image always brings comfort into my life. Lastly, for you out of towners reading, if you haven't noticed, we put all the calorie information up on our signs. Yankee Stadium is no exception. That's because we want to make sure you feel guilty everytime you order fries for 900 calories. This is not a bad thing, but at the same time you're on vacation... spend more money in our city and start that work out regimen when you get home!
Wow! What a stadium. The parking here is convenient and great. I went to monument park and it has all the statues and retired players members. It now has a dedication to George Steinbrenner. Anyway, the team always is great and the food is amazing. The hard rock cafe and johnny rockets is great and when the yankees win, everybody is excited and great. The garlic fries, lemonade, and hot dogs are so fresh. The place is amazing and getting season tickets is worth going to this great stadium and atmosphere and going to see some great baseball Lets go yankees!!!
I never had the opportunity to see the old Yankee stadium but I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at the new Yankee stadium.  I did, however, get a small peek into the old stadium on the train right before our stop.  It was almost surreal to see the iconic stadium in pieces.  If only I could afford to purchase Yankee stadium seats as a souvenir! ;) My fiancé & I purchased our tickets from StubHub and we sat in the Delta Sky Box suite.  For 2 tickets we paid around $350 - this is a great deal!!! newyork.yankees.mlb.com/… The amenities were AMAZING and not too far from the field.  We sat right above home plate & had a view into the Yankee dugout.  We were also fortunate to have the 2nd row in the section so we weren't too high up.  The service was great - we ordered food & drinks from our seats & they were delivered in a timely manner.  I also loved the suite itself w/the private entrance & elevator, plush booths, couches, A/C, flat screen TVs, clean & private restrooms, and the most expensive margaritas I've ever had at at baseball game. =P They were pretty strong so that was a huge plus!  I also tried the Food Network flatbread pizza which is basically a personal-size pizza for the price of a medium pizza elsewhere.  The taste lived up to its price.  Plus, we didn't mind the price much b/c we were on vacation, in NEW YORK, and at YANKEE STADIUM!   We were very happy that the stadium opened  early so we were able to visit the stores, museum, watch batting practice, and take lots of photos (up-close) before the game. It would've been nice to do the tour so maybe next time.  And I am curious about NYY Steak... Any baseball fan - even if you're a Yankee Hater - will enjoy this park. Yes it's very expensive but, for some, it is also a once in a lifetime experience.
Yankee Stadium was actually very nice. It was clean and the staff was attentive to their jobs. The lines at the food stations seemed to take a little too long, but everything else about our visit was nice. The gift stores were well staffed and they dealt with the massive crowds sufficiently. Ive been to 8-10 major league fields, and I think the new Yankee stadium is one of the nicer ones.
A nice place to catch a game and chill out.  It is very easy to get to right off the subway.  Their are a lot of food options available at the typical stadium prices.  Arrive early as security is tighter than one would expect at a stadium.  A lot of security floating around asking people to move along and not to stand to close to the railings.  They even have staff manning the elevators.  For all the space in the upper bleachers, parts of the stadium felt closed in.  It did not feel airy or open, especially the ramps to walk up and down from the different levels.   Overall it is a nice stadium to watch a game but I felt the architect could had done a better job.
This is a must at least once a year for everyone in the world. Expect to feel where they get the money to pay A-rod from when you get something to eat or drink. Any seat is a good seat, the bleachers are under rated. There is plenty to do inside as well as outside. Very convenient to get to as well. Don't drive!!!
Some friends of mine were visiting from out of the country, when one tells me he wants to go to a Yankee game, so I scored some tickets and i have to say, the new Yankee stadium rocks!! Wow I was amazed at the improvements compared to the old stadium, there is also something nice about being in a new building.   So to start off, lets begin with parking, parking was suuuuuper easy and stress free, theyve built some parking garages around the stadium a couple of blocks away, so $20 and wham youre in!  Just a short trot from the stadium. Walking in was easy, and also...ta ta dum...stress free!  Once inside there are various restaurants, attendants everywhere helping out with an actual SMILE!  WTF!  These people must be getting paid or drinking beer on the job because no worker rocked a smile at the old Yankee stadium!   So of course, knowing me, I make myself to the beer stand with my friend, and took the hit for the $12 per 24oz beers and $5 bottle of water for my friends wife.  So anyway, we had the front seats behind the Yankee dugout, and of course the rough Yankee fans were being...well...the biggest fans in the MLB!   The stadium is breathtaking, gorgeous, everything a new stadium should be, I hope more history will be made in the coming decades! Once we were seated, my friend yelled out at a player from my home country, and he threw him a ball which I thought was very nice of him, we got to see all the players up close, the clear new screens were nice, and I enjoyed the wall/ledge they put in front of the front seats to put my beer down. It was the most stress free stadium experience EVER, I mean the beers did help, but we had no trouble anywhere, not even leaving the game after the Yankees destroyed the Indians.
I've got to admit, this place is growing on me. As a life-long Yankees fan, I thought that tearing down the real Yankee Stadium was a huge mistake, and I still do. But this new ballpark is very nice. We've been here several times now, and haven't had a bad seat yet, even though we usually get the cheap seats. I am subtracting a star from my rating because the only thing that the average fan can afford is the cheap seats in this park. The Yanks have effectively priced a lot of their fans out of the park. With that said, it's still a nice ballpark, with great amenities that everyone can access (fans with bleacher seats didn't have access to other parts of the ballpark in the old stadium). The Yankees museum is small, but definitely worth a look, and monument park is a must-see. Subtracting another star for ballpark staff that while friendly, have no idea where anything is. I asked an usher which way we had to go to get to the Museum, and she didn't have any idea as to what I was talking about. This wouldn't have happened under G. Steinbrenner's watch. Asked another question of another employee and got the deer-in-the-headlights look. I said "never mind" and walked away. All in all a very nice place, and a fun way to spend a day.
Out with the old and in with the new.   No longer will you hear the Voice of God, Bob Sheppard, announce a game.  No longer will you get the chance to encounter Freddie and give his frying pan a few lucky spoon slams.  The Boss is gone.  Ronan Tynan is not welcome anymore to send shivers down your spine in the 7th inning.   The players will always be there to entertain us, but the added excitement that that they can't provide has sadly left us.  Now I'm left with John Sterling, Michael Kay, and the Hard Rock Cafe. You no longer have to get rip roaring drunk before entering the bleachers because now you have access to beer and the rest of the stadium.  I guess this isn't bad, but sadly, I miss feeling like a caged animal. Forget the option to splurge on face value $80 dollar seats behind home plate. Ya know, that was actually possible a few years ago.   Honestly, I just absolutely hate seeing empty seats behind home plate.  Someone needs to be hired to make sure there is always someone in those seats.  They should just have little leaguers or grandpas on standby. Right now, I just don't enter the stadium with the same excitement as before.  Maybe it's because the crowd has changed, maybe it's because sushi is a dining option, or that people won't even get the chance to walk past Stan's, unless they go out of their way.  Getting close to the players is out of the question. I love the Yankees and I will forever support them, but right now I'm struggling with change.  Some landmarks should be untouchable. Right now, I feel more welcome in our other home ballpark, Baltimore.
Received free party ticket suite seats from my sister, right field bet foul pole. First time in a "luxury" suite. Very clean nice spacious area. Unlimited bar and food. Food not too bad, Mac n cheese was very good made with orecchiette. Great night however nothing like the old yankee stadium
Love going to the game esp in their new stadium. Very quick access to the train station. They do have a Mcdonalds near them wherein you can buy your food first before going in just be sure to ask for the clear plastic bag so that you can bring it inside. Take note not to drink the drinks first ONLY UNOPENED CLEAR PLASTIC DRINKS are allowed. But all other foods are fine as long as it looks okay from the outside. Very clean bleachers, although the only flaw are the pricey commodities so i emphasize on getting food ahead. They have clean bathroom stalls although it may be a little bit confusing at first which side to go. But overall...it was a really good experience to be there every year and enjoy the game. Oh yeah..and please drink responsibly...lol
I I used to love the old stadium more when I would go with my dad & uncles but I enjoy the layout of the new stadium. I highly recommend it!
I just got back from the Yanks sweep of the Red Sox. What a great game. As for the Stadium, I like it a lot. Yes, I do miss the old Stadium, but the new one is quite nice. First of all, the Great Hall is awesome. I like the giant-sized pictures of the former Yankee greats, and how huge the interior is. And, the bathrooms are a lot more spacious, and there are many more urinals. I also really like the giant video system. Colors are so flawless and detailed. Lastly, it was a lot easier to get out of the Stadium than it was at the old one. Overall, I really like the amenities and perks of the Stadium. NYY steakhouse is nicely decorated, and the food is pretty good. And, I like how the exterior looks similar to how the old Stadium looked in the 20's. Obviously, any Yankees fan should make it a point of emphasis to see a game at the Stadium.
I was not in favor of closing the old stadium.   I had no complaints and I was really against them building a new one. However, if they had to build a new one, they did a very good job. While it lacks much of the gritty feel of the old school stadium, the new one does have much wider concourses, better bathrooms, better food choices, and I think its better for kids. They replicated just enough of the old feel that if you get engrossed in the game, you may forget you are in a new spot. I wouldnt complain if we could go back to the old stadium, but as long as we cant, I will be pretty happy to go to the new one many times.
I had my first visit to the stadium the weekend of September 11, 12 & 13, 2009.  Went with my hubby and another couple to see the Yankees play the Orioles.   Hubby and our friends wife are Orioles fans and I and our friends husband are Yankees fans. Well the stadium is an awesome sight!   Walking in the front entrance Gate 3  sets u up for the all encompassing sight of the series of flags and photos of Yankess players of now and years past that had won 26 times!!   Wow and as of the other nite it is 27!!!  Our seats were upper deck first row so we had a great overall view of the field when the ballgame progressed.  Walking around to get a beer and Hebrew national foot long dog (gotta have it, doncha kno? ) a guy approached my hubby and I and asked if we wanted an "upgrade"  maybe we looked interesting as he was wearing his Oriole hat and me my Yankee hat...lol   he gave us two $100 seats which were first row right down the 3rd base line.!   I gave my seat to my hubbys Yankee fan friend and told hubby to sit in the seat with him.   They sat there for the remainder of the game and were "in their glory" All in all the stadium is a great experience..although our friends wife was highly upset that George Steinbrenner did NOT have any places for her to smoke her ciggies!!!   (she needs to quit) lol
I visited the new Yankee Stadium in June and boy was I psyched.  I've been a Yankee fan since I was five years old and I was fortunate enough to visit the old stadium at least 30 times during my childhood. This new place is absolutely elite as far as major league ballparks go.  Fancy, fancy to say the least.  We moved around quite a bit and all of the seating was comfortable ( by ballpark standards) and all of the views were nice. In the end though, I felt myself feeling somewhat empty inside and nostalgic due to the old stadium really being gone.  All of that history....all of the great memories from the old stadium.  Just breathing the air at this new place was different.  If you plucked me out of bed, blindfolded me, and took me to the old Yankee Stadium I'd be able to tell you we were there just by breathing the air.  This place, not so much. I'd know I was at the new place if you had me gaze into my wallet!  ( $25 to park, $9 for a 12oz beer, $11 for a 16 oz draft beer!)  Gotta pay for all of that high priced talent somehow LOL. Hoping the Yanks bring back another ring this year in tribute of the boss!
I was here for Jeter's last game and the fans and atmosphere did not disappoint.  Our seats were a little higher up but I had no problem seeing everything. My only complaint was the ridiculous wait for concessions.  Seriously guys, the place is sold out and its like you didn't even prepare for this!  No joke, I waited nearly 45 minutes for a couple beers and a dog during the 5th inning.
I don't know how the old Yankee Stadium looked, but my brother claims it was way awesomer and more community based. And by "community based" he meant more dirty, more crowded, more hecklers, more cussing, and more anger. Apparently, the old stadium was so beloved that my brother's friend LITERALLY shed one tear during the last game.  My brother even tried to unhinge a seat for a souvenir...to no avail of course. Others of course brought their own tools and were able to chip off pieces of the concrete from the old stadium. This new stadium reminded me of Dodger Stadium--more clean, more sleek, and everything looks new, but no cholos. The game against Tampa Bay was fun, even though Tampa Bay made two last home runs in the 9th inning and won. At the end of the game they started playing "New York, New York", which I was happily singing along to. However, apparently, when the Yankees lose, this song is the anti-christ of songs. Whoops. The crowd seemed decent enough with a few trouble spots. Did you know that the crowd "boos" their own players for striking out or making mistakes??? No support at all!! I guess it has to do with how much the players make. Well, they were definitely an exuberant bunch which made things festive, and occasionally creepy (I mean, you never know when a drunk ass man is gonna punch you in the gnards for no reason--of course, speaking from experience--me doing the punching that is). The first cherry on top was definitely the Yankee museum (inside the stadium) where you can see original balls signed by all your favorite players. It was cool to see Babe Ruth's yellowing ball (hmmm, there's a joke there somewhere). The second cherry on top was how accessible the stadium was to public transportation, aka the subway. That's more than I can say for Dodger Stadium. Overall, a fun time even though I didn't get to see a fight break out or even a shouting match. Boo to that. Why else do you go to Yankee Stadium?
I have been to this stadium for 6 baseball games and the 2011 Pinstripe Bowl and I love the stadium. The scoreboard is giant and easy to see, (if you're not in the bleachers), the seats are comfortable, and the facade and outer corridor reminds of me of the pictures I saw from Opening Day 1923. It is usually full for every game so it is nice to have a huge crowd, including me, supporting the Yankees. However, there are two negative things that I must discuss: 1. The food is way, way too expensive. 11 dollars for a burger? 10 dollars for a mini pizza? I mean seriously does it have to be that costly, you spend so freakin' much buying a seat! 2. Why the hell does it not even sound as loud with a full house there? At the old Yankee Stadium, the crowd could be deafening at times, here it barely gets like that. Coming from an honest Yankees fan, It will never match the Old Stadium. I mean, so much history and memories took place there, it was such an experience. You felt something magical happened there. It was the Cathedral of Baseball. Since it sadly has been torn down, we are left with the new stadium. However, I do enjoy the new stadium and like the new design and would recommend any Yankee fan to come watch a game here.
I enjoy coming here though it's different from the old stadium. Even seats in the grand stands have good views and don't feel as far away and it sounds. I love eating the food and getting into the game. Philly cheesesteaks, steak sandwiches, nachos, burgers, fries, garlic fries, pretzels, beer, cocktails, chicken fingers, ice cream, more snacks and of course we can't forget, crackerjacks. I was lucky enough to enjoy one of the greats play one of his last home games here. Derek Jeter will be missed.. along with the great Mariano "Mo" Rivera and others like my fav Andy Pettitte and Jorge Posada. Yankees stadium won't be the same without them.
Came here for a Yank-these ass-whoopin yesterday eve.  That's exactly what I got to see...but the night was all about: - Gahlic french frahys!!!!! - Sushay and Raaaahmen!!!! - Stellaaaaah Beeeers!!!! I really enjoyed the designated standing room area...lots of elbow room and no need to drunk walk up the stairs to get to the concession stands. The food, the "seats", the Yank-these gettin their asses spanked by Baltimore...oh soooo good!
3.5 Stars. this place can fit 50,000 PEOPLE??? Ok.... Stadium is HUGE!, But need better food. Come on!, Nathan's Hog Dogs and Pizza? Step up to your game please! Only thing that was FAMOUS was their Johnny Rockets (my burger reminded me of High school cafeteria but added lettuce and tomatoes) Burger and Shakes. And Garlic Fries (Large for $ 9.50) that was in ONE LONELY Stand with lines that people were going for). Other Food carts like Latin Food? (Nathos, rice and beans? and Burritos) Did not impress me at all. Selection of Beer was pretty good. Stadium was pretty clean.  But Over price food (Specially $ 5.00 POLAND SPRING water was Ridic!). For some reason I feel this Yankee Crowd is LOUDER than Met's crowd. Also lucky I saw a Streaker during the game. THAT was ENTERTAINING.
Love that they sell beer in the stands - they don't do that in Cali! Bags also allowed. It was a privilege seeing the Captain #2 in his second to last home game! Surprised to not see any fights at the ball park, those happen a lot in California   Traffic is crazy, subway is the best option! Be prepared to climb some stairs- Only annoying thing when ordering beer is that you have to show your ID every single time
The very first Yankee game I ever went to was in the early 60's and the Washington Senators beat the Yanks 1-0. Fast forward fifty years.  At the very first game I went to at the New Yankee Stadium, I saw a young 20-ish guy buy a scorecard. When the vendor also gave him 2 pencils with his scorecard, the young guy looked at him puzzled and asked "what are these for?"  Conclusions?  Well, there are no more Washington Senators, I've been a Yankee fan for many years, and "scoring" a baseball game is becoming as foreign to the younger generation as gas station maps. Times sure have changed. I absolutely love the new Yankee Stadium. It's gorgeous, the concourses and entry areas are huge. The food selection is mind boggling - all the traditional things plus sushi, BBQ, salads, noodles, veggie burgers, sliders, Cuban sandwiches, Mexican, a steakhouse restaurant, a sports bar, and even a Hard Rock Café. I had a veggie burger from a concession stand- it was surprisingly very good and tasted like meatloaf! NYC Law requires calorie postings of all their foods - I posted a few pictures showing what this looks like at the concession stands. The seating aisles are spacious, so you don't impale your knees on the seat back in front of you. The seats are wide and comfy, oh- and the seats are padded. There were many vendors walking the aisles, selling beer, ice cream, cotton candy, etc.  My favorite vendor was an older guy (he sported a hearing aid) who must have worked in vaudeville. He had to card every patron, and had a very elaborate routine of inspecting your ID with a big magnifying glass he had in his pocket (check out my pic). He also kept shouting out "Cousin Brewskie is here" (that's an inside joke if you're not an old school New Yorker). Some traditionalists have criticized the new Yankee Stadium as being too corporate and too plastic. I can't go along with that.  It's beautiful and better.
You know, the Yankees are America's Baseball Team. The stadium is a very nice stadium. It is just VERY, VERY overpriced. But naturally, this is what happens when you go to games. I don't recommend you bringing a family of 5 though because it'll cost you over $100.00 to just eat lunch/dinner. The food is good & all, but everything is way, way expensive. It's become such a big money making business & I completely understand what the Yankees Corporation is trying to do - but I mean these fans are so loyal, they should be more easy with the prices of everything in that stadium. To park alone in the Stadium's lot is $40.00. I just think they should let up on the prices. Other than that, it's a very nice stadium & you'll always have a great time. Hopefully when you go - the Yankees WIN :)
Ah yes, the pantheon of all things NY Yankees. Even as a Mets fan I can appreciate just how well designed this place is.  It's definitely on par, if not superior to the amenities offered at Citi Field and other modern ballparks around the country. While I think the food offerings at Citi Field are slightly better (in terms of variety), Yankee Stadium also provides a nice mix that will appeal to most people.  One of the best deals I saw this season here was the family slider/fries/soda combo.  5 sliders, a huge bucket of fries and a soda for $20 bucks is just awesome. The ease of getting people in/around the stadium is also a plus.  Parking can be a bitch for sold out games but taking the D train from the city here is a breeze.  The views from the seats (high and low) are also excellent.   Frankly every baseball fan should make a point of catching a game here.  Aside from the tradition and heritage, there's also lots of great modern amenities that make this stadium one of the best in the country.
Let me preface this by stating proudly and sans reservation that I am a true blood Yankee fan, born and raised in the Bronx, and that I may name my first baby Mariano... That having been said, while the Yankees are undoubtedly the best baseball team ever in the universe, their home stadium leaves something to be desired.  I actually think I prefer Citifield (I'm calling it Shea!!)  Yeah, I said it.... Don't get me wrong - the new stadium, (unnecessary IMO - the old one was fine), is modern and clean, super easy to get to, be it by the famous 4 train or Metro-North's new Yankees-158th St station, and has many new amenities.  The staff and security are all helpful and fun.  And, it's where the best play.  No beating that. Except you spend half your pay check here.  And that's after you've overpaid for tickets.  $9.50 for a bottle of Mich Ultra?  Are you kidding?  I can get a 12 pack at Duane Reed for $11.99, no joke.  $6 for a hot dog?  IKEA has them for 50 cents.  That's quite a mark up, Yankee Stadium!! $5 for a slice of Famous Famiglia pizza?  Everything here is priced outrageously.  The best deal I could find was the chicken tenders and fries basket, which was very generously portioned and at $10.50 you could definitely feed at least 2 people with it.   I thought baseball was America's game, everyone's game, the poor mans game?  It certainly isn't priced for everyone now, is it?  Crappy. I still love you Yankees.  I may just need to watch from home more often, that's all.
Uh..It's a stadium, you know, ball games and overpriced merchandise? The crowd tends to be a flock of amateur alcoholics...it is what it is!
What a lovely stadium! It has that "brand new" feel with it's bright lights, massive entrances and great organization. Loses a star because of the beer and food selections.  I expected a bit more from a brand new stadium.
Ole the great American past time of watching a ball game. It's a great US tradition to go to the ball park and enjoy  overpriced beer(s) and hot dog(s) while watching a game of baseball where some players have cute butts, beer guts, or cute faces. What better way to experience a ball game than at the Yankees stadium. Here are the pros and cons of the stadium: Pros: Corporate/Business Company seats = the best views in the house; garlic cheese fries; Hoegarden; fans chanting at A.Rod - "You do steroids" after coming back from his suspension, Derek Jeter record breaking hits (although they lost that night it was all about the Jeter), stadium is always packed Cons: Corporate/Business Company Seats = crappiest fans (because they aren't even fans), nosebleed seats = thats where all the cool fans are but worse seats, packed subways. Overpriced food and drinks.
By complete and total chance I ended up making my maiden voyage out to the new stadium tonight. A friend got free tickets and we went. Fortunately, they ran a clinic against the Rangers, and that was very gratifying. About the new stadium, first the positive: 1. Nice wide walkways that manage crowds nicely.   2. Decent food selection. 3. The jumbotron and big scoreboard are nice. 4. Numerous means of egress (yes, I wanted to be a fireman when I was a kid). The negative: 1.  $1.5 BILLION (!!!), mostly taxpayer money, was spent on that stadium, and it's fairly generic.  I wanted to walk into a temple and it was really pretty blah. Furthermore, as it was built with taxpayer money, why is it somehow we're letting the Steinbrenners find every possible way to fleece fans? It's actually quite disgusting. 2. Food and drink prices are exorbitant. I expect them to be high at ball games, but $6 for a freakin' hotdog is way the f*ck out of bounds.  $5 for a Pepsi is also ridiculous. 2a. Ticket prices are also ridiculous, but this is well-known by this point. Still shameful. 3. It's gouge, gouge, gouge at every turn. They're selling inaugural season swag that is just absurd. Prime retarded swag example: DIRT from the new stadium encased in lucite. DIRT. That's soil, terra firma, D-I-R-T.  One more time for the home audience: they want YOU to pay for DIRT. And you know what? I'm sure there are people that are dumb enough to do it. 4. They're selling every possible piece of the old stadium off. I know this is probably typical, but it just feels like used car sales. 5. Cotton Eye Joe. This is one Yankee Stadium recent tradition I can not fathom. IT IS RETARDED. Down south I could understand this, but this is NOO YAWK, not freakin' Georgia. GET RID OF THAT STOOPID song. Gawd. Oh yeah, and that freakin' lunkhead in the straw hat that plays Joe whose gnarly visage they project all over the dang jumbotron. Out, OUT, I say. GET THEE TO A NUNNERY! 6. Kate Smith and "God Bless America" need to be ejected too. It was fine right after 9/11 when we needed to cling to the flag, but now it's just gratuitous. 7. All the gouging and phony-baloney marketing there made me feel like I needed a shower after I left. I absolutely can not understand all the gushing over this new park. They moved the monuments from their original spot, when I'd heard they were going to leave monument park where it was. They left the field where Babe Ruth, Joe DiMaggio, Lou Gehrig, Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris (and on and on) played. This is fundamentally wrong. You carpetbaggers can say whatever you want, but there is something to be said for TRADITION. Move back to freakin' Iowa or California or wherever else you came from where they don't give a shit about that sort of stuff. YEAH!! Two stars. That's all you get, you greedy Steinbrenner f*cks. You're lucky I'm a dyed-in-the-wool Yankee fan, otherwise I'd have to jump ship to those freaks out in Queens.
$35 to purchase a ticket in Section 416 from a broker $35 for a cheeseburger, fries, and Miller Light in Souvenir Yankee cup $22 for 2 16 ounce Budweiser beer bottles from my seat $10 for a Derek Jeter 2000 All Star pin from the Yankees store Seeing Derek Jeter play in what might be his last home game of his career - priceless Yankees lose :-(
I have been to maybe 10 games in the new stadium and never had to wait in a line (to get in anyway), beer line... very different story!  (I have more souvenir cups than cupboard space ) I Love this place,  Yankees games are a ton of fun, this stadium picks up where old Yankees stadium left off but with so many upgrades!  The field and actual stadium are beautiful!    They have everything you could ever imagine, stuff is pretty expensive though! My favorite thing is in a close game when the Yankees are winning hearing the stadium blast "Enter Sandman" and seeing Mariano Rivera come running out of the bullpen - priceless! Pointers: * You can buy certain tickets for less than $10 and then just go stand in one of the standing areas down much closer to the field! ** Stans Sports bar  across the street is always a good time after, before, or during the game! *** The garlic fries are pretty awesome **** There are certain sections in the bleachers that are "NO Alcohol" you should know before buying tickets that while this does mean you can't drink there what they don't tell you is that it also means you enter through an entirely separate entrance and you are confined to only that section the entire game you can't even go explore the rest of the stadium because *gasp* you might have a drink somewhere!  Found this one out the hard way!   ***** Try to get to a Yankees vs Red Sox game... There is a whooooole different feel to these games... best rivalry in all of sports!... amazing!
I haven't been to a baseball game with my dad in over 20 years. The last time my dad and I went to an actual game was back in the 80's at old Candlestick Park, San Francisco. The San Francisco Giants vs. the Houston Astros. I remember we were sitting in left field and I could barely see what was going on throughout the whole game as a young kid. This past weekend, we scored tickets to the Subway Series between the Yankees and the Mets. As we enter Yankee stadium, we decide to walk through the impressive hall of vertical banners of old time Yankee greats. My dad then notices a circle pinstripe of the #16 against the wall as we walk through a field tunnel near the Mohegan Sun Sports Bar in center field. He goes, "Whitey Ford". My brother-in-laws and I are like, "How did you know that was Whitey Ford's jersey number?" He tells us that the #16 was his jersey number throughout his whole playing career when he was one of the top high school pitchers in South Korea. I always knew my dad wore #16, but I didn't know my dad was a fan of Whitey Ford when he was in high school. See, when you get to choose or wear a particular number on your jersey, in any sport, you immediately identify and relate to a professional athlete who also wears the same exact number as well. It's natural for an athlete. Why do kids wear #23? Duh, Michael Jordan....or wait, Don Mattingly!!! Who knows... So twenty years later, my dad and I are coincidentally sitting in left field once again, but now at the brand new Yankee Stadium. Despite the rain, we enjoyed the whole game eating Garlic Fries, Chicken Fingers, Carl's Cheesesteaks, and endless cups of ridiculously expensive stadium beer. Then all of a sudden, Gary Sheffield (now on the Mets & one of my favorite hitters of all-time) hits a shot towards us in left field. I can literally see the ball coming closer and closer to our vicinity. Then! I'm like hold up, hold up...That ball is coming right at me just like every Sunday afternoon when I play left field in my softball league. Holy sh*t, I think I can catch this. I jump up real high next to my dad and reach for the ball with my right hand. The ball then goes straight in my hand and before I could grasp and close the ball, the ball flies 2 rows behind me in a flash. Just like that, with the snap of a finger. I was so disappointed with myself, but in a jokingly way. I had it in my hand for a split second! I should have brought my freakin glove! Despite the Yankees loss, the game and experience was great. I got to go to a baseball game with my dad and experience a home run ball coming right at us. We then all hop on the D Train and go back to my brother-in-law's place to watch the home run replay on his DVR recording of the FOX game. We can totally see all of us on the replay! We had a blast laughing, rewinding it, laughing, rewinding it, over and over... My mom then calls me later that night hearing from my sister that I dropped a home run ball at the game. She didn't even say anything like WOW! COOL! OH REALLY? NO WAY! or AMAZING! She instantly just said, "Yoo stupid, you should have brought baseball glove", in broken Korean Engrish.
Stadium Ranking: #19 out of 30.   ---   ---   --- Another tale of two stadiums in one. The good: -Old Yankee Stadium was a classic, and they did a great job essentially making this a modern day version of it. "Great" is a massive understatement. More like a physically impossible job. -Great Hall is one of the main entrances to the stadium, and it's about 10x more amazing than any other concourse in any other sporting venue. While amidst a sea of Yankee banners and signage, you really have to marvel at the mix of old style and modern shininess. The HD video board in here is more impressive than the actual main board in about 5-10 stadiums. -The same goes for the absolutely insane LED board in here. This thing is just stupid. In this case, stupid = good. I'm going to be extremely nerdy here and note that it's 152 x 11,670 pixels. The typical pixel height of these is about 32. And an average LED board that goes all the way around the facing in an arena is about 14,000-16,000 pixels wide. So this display is almost as long as the width of an entire arena bowl, and about 10x taller. Jesus, Mary, Joseph, and the assorted shepherds. -The actual video board in the stadium = perfection. It's gigantic. It's centered. It's everything you want it to be. The bad: -The lower bowl, infield seats are only affordable by the 1%. I'm more like in the 50%, so I won't be sitting there anytime soon. Neither will about 49% of people. -It seems that they spent all of the marketing budget (wait, the Yankees have a budget?) on the Great Room. While that part of the concourse is breathtaking, it's like they just ignored the rest of the stadium. Lots and lots of barren and unfinished concrete. Would it hurt to paint a few murals or a Yankee logo in here? While walking around, you just think "big and empty." -As amazing as the actual video board is, the content on it leaves a lot to be desired. All of it is either outsourced by a production company, or looks like an intern put it together for a school project. The visiting team's headshots are just shockingly awful. Some aspects here are 3 stars, and some are 5+, hence the 4 star rating. If they were to finish the decor throughout the rest of the stadium, and hire a decent in house motion graphics designer, this could be a top 10 venue.
This place is sterile, cavernous, and lacks character.  Zero style or architecture.  It's all concrete, steel beams, and exposed pipes. Yes, the food selection is better than the old stadium but it still sucks.   Everything is massively overpriced.  The imported beer list includes Yuengling, which is from Pottsville, PA.  And they charge $9 for a bottle.   Citi field is 50 times better than this place.
Can I just start off by saying that I am a Met fan? Now that I got that out of the way (and avoiding any items being thrown at me) it will be very painful for me to say the following: I...enjoyed...Yankee Stadium. There I said it. It was quite an enjoyable experience. This was my first time to the New Yankee Stadium. The staff was very friendly from start to finish. Was I in the Bronx? I was spoiled with great seats as well. Right behind home plate. I mean so close you can see the sweat coming down the pitchers face. Onto the food...oh the delicious food. You really go to YS for the experience but being a foodie how could I pass up a few prime choices. Garlic Fries -- Holy cow they were loaded with garlic...oil...heart stopping...so delicious...can't just have one...must finish entire dish...so good...highly recommended. Brother Jimmy's BBQ -- Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich was super good. Just as good as I have had it in Carolina. Sampled my gf's pulled chicken sandwich...not as good as mine and she agreed. Who would have thunk? Nathans Hot Dog -- Typical dirty water dog that is a foot long. It was actually quite tasty. Carvel -- Who doesn't love ice cream at a ball game when it's warm outside? If you don't go back to your communist country! Souvenir Yankee helmet that after I was done I proceeded to toss in the trash...I kid but I wanted to. Yes the prices on everything are "astronomical" as some people put it. Quite honestly they weren't as bad as I thought and everywhere accepts CC's. If you cut out the alcohol at a game you can save a load of $$$. That's where it adds up. So the stadium itself is huge with lots of room in the main walkways and everything is organized. **Citifield, if you are reading this I still love you more** =)
Baseball is played all over the world, but there is only one Yankee Stadium. The new Yankee Stadium isn't the house that Ruth built, but it still screams tradition. I could smell the hot dogs as I left the train and loved walking around the plaza outside while listening to the vendors hawk their wares.  Across the street was a small ball field, where not only was the original Yankee Stadium located, but a group of youngsters had gathered to play an impromptu pick up game. I could have sat there for hours, but the real stadium beckoned. The gates opened and I entered the stadium's cavernous halls. I loved how wide the concourses were. The announced crowd was close to 50,000 spectators, but I had no trouble making my way through the halls to where I needed to go.  Along the way were plenty of concession stands and restrooms. On top of this, there were even food courts set away where you could sit and take your time if you needed.  I noticed buckets of burgers (nice touch,) foot long hot dogs, pizza and even barbecue among the food choices. I have a feeling if I went in more affluent sections that I probably would have had more of a selection, but I was happy with what was available. The prices were definitely stadium prices, but not super high or too hard on the wallet. I was up in the upper deck and enjoyed the view. While there was a bit of an incline, it wasn't an uncomfortable one and I was able to see the whole field. One small note about Monument Park, if you want to go get there early. I went shortly after gates opened, but it was so busy that people were literally shoulder to shoulder. After about ten minutes and only moving three feet, I decided to walk to my seats. I did notice that a little closer to game time that the park was empty. If you don't mind missing the first inning or two, this might be the best option for you. I also noticed a couple of parking garages close by, but I rode and would recommend the Subway, especially since it drops you right outside of the stadium. I really enjoyed finally being able to visit this stadium. Hopefully if I ever get to chance to visit again, it will be in October.
Yankees fan for life! I love the new stadium. Everything looks so grand and clean and modern. There are so many food stands and beer carts to choose from. I just hate going there during allergy season, but thank goodness for Claritin! I sat in the field level during my last game and loved it. The seats were cushioned and you can order food and drinks with an attendant without getting up from your seat! The garlic fries there are so yummy; they are a must get whenever I come to a game! I also love the long souvenir cups that come with the fancy frozen drinks, although they look like they've shrunk in size compared to last year. The only downside, as with all sporting events, is the price for food and drinks. $10 for garlic fries? $10 for domestic beer? My wallet is never happy, but I'll still pay it. Guess that's the price for being a fan of a winning franchise!
I am quite convinced that I had the ultimate Yankee experience for my first EVER Yankee game. Why do I say this? Well, here is a list of things that I did/happened during my first visit to Yankee Stadium: 1. Arrived early to watch the batting practice. 2. Tried to look like a 14 year old so I could get a free poster. 3. Failed at getting a poster. 4. Watched the boyfriend as he tried to get a ball from the players standing nearby. 5. Tied my hair up into ponytails so I could look younger. 6. Attempted to get a ball from Nick Swisher. 7. Took pictures of the Stadium and of Nick Swisher. 8. Watched the boyfriend catch a home run hit with his freakin' BARE HANDS. 9. Got high-fived by the boyfriend for his incredible catch. 10. Watched the boyfriend gush about fulfilling his life long dream of catching a ball. 11. Winced in pain from the high five. 12. Walked around the Stadium. 13. Sat down in the bleachers. 14. Took part in the Bleacher Creatures' sacred roll call at the beginning of the game. 15. Drank $10 beer. 16. Ate a foot long hot dog that cost more than it should have. 17. Joined the crowd in taunting some guy who had the nerve to wear a Boston cap. 18. Took some more pictures. 19. Is that....rain? OH CRAP. 20. Crowded near the food vendors because of the sudden downpour. 21. Sat in the rain for awhile huddled under my umbrella. 22. Decided that the rain wasn't going to let up and resumed to huddle near the vendors. 23. Stood some more. 24. Debated whether or not to leave. 25. Decided to wait it out. 26. Watched them roll up the tarp after a TWO HOUR rain delay. 27. Bought garlic fries. Yum. 28. Taunted another guy who wore a Tampa Bay hat. 29. Did the YMCA. 30. Watched a bunch of guys do the "Y R U GAY" version to the TB hat wearing guy. Wouldn't you agree that I had quite the experience (for a first timer)? I feel like I got the whole package. Yankee fans are fiercely loyal and it was awesome to witness to their crazy fanaticism first hand. The fans in the bleachers were obnoxious, loud, drunk, rude and opinionated. Normally, I wouldn't be too happy about that, but this time I actually kind of loved it. It was hilariously entertaining. It's a one-of-a-kind experience. Available only at Yankee Stadium.
This stadium had no personality! I'm not a Yankee's fan but my review is not effected by my dislike for the Yankee's.  I love baseball and I love to see new stadiums and this was not my favorite. I felt like it really lacked any personality or character. I did like the big columns in front of the main entrance were cool looking but that's it. We got there two hours before the game and the line for the museum located in the ball park so already closed. Which sucked I wanted to see that.
Not sure what I can say here that hasn't already been said.   It's Yankee - friggin' - Stadium!   It's easy enough to get to (right off the 4 & D lines) There isn't really a bad seat in the place (even the seats wayyy up there in the 400's) So many food options (although I can't comment on the quality as I always bring my own). Good size and generally clean facilities. Friendly staffers. and many conveniently located shops to purchase all your Yanks gear. What more would you want from a stadium?
If I were an out of towner I would give it 5 stars but as  New Yorker I give it 3. Yankee Stadium  has lost that base ball feel. Citi Field has more of  a base ball feel. Yankee Stadium  has a very corporate feeling now. The beer and food is over priced. The way it is set up it seems it is set up for the future and doesn't honor the past too much. Many of us New Yorkers like the Yankees history and it doesn't honor it as much as I had hoped. Monument Park was closed when we went to the game and we got there early. But the gift shop was open. River road seemed like Canal street, with people selling counter fit goods and it has the feeling that this is the place to go if you want to  get pick pocketed. There were people openly asking for scalped tickets too. The police weren't concerned. At MSG you are not allowed to scalp tickets on property. At Yankee stadium they were on the property scalping in front of the police. Getting into the parking lot was easy. Getting out was horrible. The police closed half the streets and it was total chaos. The Yankees are great! The best base ball team without a doubt!  But being at Yankee stadium doesn't feel like being at a baseball game. It is just so over priced it is hard to enjoy any more.
I love watching the Yankees play.  Despite the issues, I would go to every game if I could.  The Stadium is near North Jersey, just a short ride across the GWB and the Major Deegan Expressway.   Beer and food are extremely weak for a MLB stadium.  The Washington Post recently ranked all 30 MLB stadiums for beer.  Yankee stadium was deservedly dead last.   Best food is made to order pizza (not the papa john crap) or Carl's cheese steak.  Lobel's hand carved steak sandwiches are decent.   Prices are what you expect with no competition - absurdly high.   Unlike other new (tax payer built) stadiums, not much of walking around stuff.  Museum is nice, but small.  With the Yankees great history, small is not enough.   Seats are better than old Yankee stadium and the design of the park keeps the sun away from many seats.   I love baseball and love watching the Yankees, but have serious issues with the baseball experience: 1. giant screen only shows instant replays if the result was good for Yanks.  WTF?  What's next, blindfolds for when the home team isn't at bat?  Fans want to see close plays on replay. 2. Enough with the mindless uncreative noise blasting throughout the game.  Would it hurt to mix up the songs and sounds?
Yankee Stadium is the best ball park I have ever been to.  There, I said it.  Not that I have been to all of them mind you, but I'm hard pressed to think of something other stadiums could do to top the atmosphere and feel of being at Yankee Stadium. There's tons of food.  You want a nathan's? grab one.  You want mexican corn?  Grab some.  You want beer?  grab one.  You want ice cream?  grab some.  There's food everywhere.   There's several shops, including the main team store, the heroes team store and the history team store, which if you are a baseball fan is a must visit.  If I had money to burn you can bet that at my house right would be a pair of seats from old yankee stadium, which you can totally buy. And then there's the fans.  I love baseball, and I've been to ball parks with dedicated fan bases, but there's something different at Yankee Stadium, everyone is excited to be there and to see one of the best teams in baseball play.  The team interaction stuff is great (Nick Swisher is hilarious) and they just put on a good show. And beyond all that there's just something intangible about the place.  Maybe it's the history of the team, maybe it's the traditions they still hold, but whatever it is whenever I go back to NYC I am going back to Yankee Stadium.
The new Yankee Stadium is for sure an impressive new spectacle in the heart of the Bronx. But it really seems like just a more modern and grandiose version of its predecessor, which still stands only a few hundred yards away, minus a hundred years of memorable baseball history, of course. As I sat in section 236, row 10, seats 14 and 13 (me and my fiancee in the bleacher section), I looked around in awe (and freezing) as I familiarized myself with the configurations and layout of the new park. Wow, I thought. The House That Steinbrenner Built is without a doubt pretty cool. Certainly not the prettiest or most glamorous of stadiums, but still cool beans...and pretty dynamic too. And you can't argue that it really transcends the makeup of the original Yankee Stadium, except in legacy and historical glory.  It's bigger, it's brighter, it's more expensive (yes, I'm talking about those ticket prices), and it offers a heck of a lot more. Yet, in some small measure it still resembles the original to me in terms of its aesthetic appeal (except for the inside sections of the park). However, this is still a definite (and highly expensive) state-of-the-art, modern baseball stadium to say the least. Some worthwhile highlights of the new park include: Giant LCD screen high above center field and over Bleachers Café. This sucker is the biggest LCD I've ever seen...it's 59 by 101 feet with 16mm high definition. And there's also a 1,300 by 3 feet LED ribbon board that spans across from right field to around home plate to left field (with lots of dynamic effects including 3D images). What's more is that there are over 1,000 flat-panel, high-definition screens throughout the stadium. You can't miss a pitch from anywhere. Bleachers Café: excellently located outdoor space beyond center field offers high-top tables overlooking the field. Here you'll find lots of food options like Famiglia Pizza, Johnny Rockets (waiting around for nearly 20 minutes for a couple of burgers was not pleasant), Otis Spunkmeyer, Carvel, and Highlanders (for hot dogs). Field level food court: includes Boar's Head deli sandwiches, Nathan's...and much more. Great selection of food all around...lots and lots. Oh yeah, there's also a Hardrock Café now. And apparently there's a martini bar too for the more sophisticated, fancy-schmancy fans. Mohegen Sports Bar: if you're able to get a table, you can actually watch the game through the windows (which seem to be tinted black) that face out from behind center field. The Great Hall: located at Gate 6: over 30,000 sq/feet of awesome high glass ceilings and open windows, which is where they incorporated player banners of Yankees from yesteryear hanging high above...and another colossal high-definition flat screen panel. It's a great, open area. New York Yankees museum: this is something the team needs for sure, considering its history in baseball...and the fact that it has surrendered its biggest relic: the House That Ruth Built. The bleacher section: still offers some of the best vantage points of the field, especially if you have a good pair of binoculars. And the trash-mouth talking bleacher bums are back! New Memorial Park: I expected it to be as much as it was in the original, only more prominent, not hidden away beyond the wall like it was in the original stadium. The feeling is rather flat. It really just sits beyond center field unobtrusively. The monuments from Memorial Park are probably some of the only original remnants (if not the only) incorporated into the new park. I guess I figured they would've been showcased in more majestic fashion. Also, it sucks that you can't check it out after an hour before game time. So unless you get to the stadium at least an hour and a half before game start, you won't get to see Memorial Park, unfortunately. It's cool to think that one day I'll be able to look back and say that I went to the second game ever played at Yankee Stadium, even though it was technically only a pre-season (spring training) game. Moreover, it was against the Cubs, a team that won't be visiting the Yanks this year in the regular season, and a team that just so happens to be my gal's favorite (since she's originally from Chicago). I'll be back to Yankee Stadium very soon. I'll be back in early May, in fact (again with my fiancée)...when my favorite team the Red Sox come into town. That's right, you heard me...the Red Sox. See you field level along the first base line. Go Red Sox! Oh yeah. Four stars for an impressive stadium. Might've been five stars if it weren't occupied by the pinstriped uniform of the Evil Empire.
***The new Yankee Stadium is nice though I do prefer some of the other new stadiums like Busch Stadium, AT&T Park and PNC Park*** New York has two new MLB stadiums.  The Mets' Citi Field is big and new, but it lacks the charming look of some of the newer stadiums and it is too expensive given the quality of the team that they have put out on the field the last several years.  The other new stadium is the new Yankee Stadium.  It, of course, has kept the previous stadium's name and has even incorporated some of that stadium's design elements like the signature white frieze that lines the roof of the upper deck.  Some of these design elements as well as a great classic exterior and an impressive interior banner display of the many Yankee greats elevates this stadium over Citi Field. How does the new Yankee Stadium compare to some of the country's best new stadiums though?  I think it does do a decent job of competing with other new stadiums though I would not put it among the best stadiums in MLB.  One of the signature elements of the many great new stadiums is the ability to see the city skyline from your seat.  Busch Stadium allows game day attendees to see not one but two major landmarks from their seats while PNC Park seems to perfectly capture Pittsburgh from seats behind home plate with a view of the entire city skyline as well as a signature Pittsburgh bridge that not only reflects the great river and bridge look of Pittsburgh but is also named after one of Pittsburgh's greatest baseball players. Because Yankee Stadium is located in The Bronx, you get no such view of the city skyline though you do still get a sense of the city's feel and vibe from your seat.  The stadium provides views of both classic New York middle class apartment buildings (though maybe that is upper class now) as well as a constantly coming and going elevated train that you can both see and hear. The interior of the stadium has an attractive design and a classic look; I think the Yankees' always in style pinstripes uniforms help add to the effect.  The stadium's design is more focused than Citi Field and lacks Citi Field's overly massive look and imposing modern support structures that reduces its charm and nostalgia. Yankee Stadium is comfortable and the concourses are spacious enough.  The food was not among the country's best, but it was satisfying for stadium food.  The steak sandwich I had was expensive, but the meat was of a much higher quality as well as more nicely prepared (more tender, more moist) than the sliced cooked meat sandwiches I had at Oriole Park in Camden Yards, Citizen Bank Park and Citi Field. The team store was decent but nothing memorable.  I think Citi Field's team store had a greater selection of items. Service throughout the stadium was pleasant. The new Yankee Stadium is a good stadium and definitely worth a visit given the great history associated with this baseball franchise.  The stadium does lack the great design of AT&T Park, the incorporation of signature city elements like Busch Stadium or city food like The Great American Ballpark, and the many activities and things to do at Petco Park.  However, it is still a nice way to spend a day or night in New York City. I am not sure what the parking situation is at Yankee Stadium, but the metro train station lets out directly to Yankee Stadium.  This, like the trains in Chicago and Washington D.C., is such a great plus because it provides a quick, easy and inexpensive way to get to the game.  It also adds to the communal nature of going to a baseball game by integrating that home crowd atmosphere into the trip to Yankee Stadium as well as out of it.
Ok so I'm a bit biased.... I've grown up a Yankee fan and while I've been embarrassed and dissappointed in the team during the 80s. My loyalty to team have been unwavering. Yes, this isn't the stadium that I grew up going to. Yes, it doesn't have the memories, history, magical moments like the original stadium, but I expect that in 80 years this stadium will have those memories, moments and highlights. I went to the game on 5/16 against the Twins and it was great. Yes, the hot dogs are expensive, but they were expensive at the old stadium too...And the old stadium didn't have Fish Tacos, Brick oven Pizza or Brother Jimmy's BBQ. So these are all food upgrades. I found that the lower levels and the interior halls felt a little quieter. I think this is due to the fact that the hallways are so huge and cause the seats are so expensive, there are fewer people in the lower sections. We sat in the 319 section and it was an awesome view. The outfield was abuzz with energy. All in all, we had good weather, watched a game go into extra innings, Texiera go 4-4 and A-Rod hit a 2-run walk off HR. That  was a great moment and worth every penny we paid for our tickets.
Amazing! Even though it was a cloudy cold day, the atmosphere and ball game was enough to keep us going. It was all worth it for the experience!
This holy grail of a stadium just never gets old! I'm a huge Yankees fan so whenever I get the chance to go to a game I'm excited, considering I only go to 1 to 2 games a year. If you've never been well here's the lowdown: First, the neighborhood of the stadium. It's located in a residential area so there are going to be alot of locals walking around the area. What's great though is that you will probably be able to find parking on the street for free instead of paying $30 at a lot. I recommend looking for parking on Grand Concourse or near it. There's many apartments there and there's bound to be a parking spot somewhere, you just have to look. Second, the stadium. Awesome, awesome job of creating a state of the art, beautiful, 1st class stadium. It has a big city feel to it when you step in with the huge atrium and the banners of players. I love the amenities and the great selection of food, including the food court where you can take a seat and watch the game on TVs while you're chowing down. Although it would've been great if the food court could see onto the field (like Citi FIeld), it's still conveniently located on the 1st level. In summary, 1st class stadium, great place to take a date or even just hangout with buddies to watch a baseball game! It was bittersweet to see the old Yankee Stadium go, but I'm so glad they built this one in its place and started a new tradition years ago.
Yes it's nice and new, but I can't shake that corporate feel, too many non fans in the park. It's too damn quiet for a professional baseball game,especially in NYC. And of course, overpriced as hell, and I go to MSG, for example, all the time and they kill your wallet, but the Yanks are just the worse. I'm a big fan of major league baseball and I follow multiple teams in both leagues. I liked the old Yankee stadium a lot better. It felt organic, like I was watching a real ballgame. The new stadium has this sterile cold feel, really not cool. I have been to many major league parks many times, I will not attend a game at Yankee stadium unless its the playoffs and the seats are excellent and free! What a waste for the fan.
I love this place. I loved the old place more. But tonight after that pathetic performance by the Yanks in game 5 of the ALDS, I'm disgusted by this team and place. Yeah, yeah, next April I'll feel differently. But right now it's not a site I wish to see or think about.
Go Yankees! We came here for a Yankees-Red Sox game last weekend and had a blast! The hubster is a huge fan, and wanted to see Jeter one more time before he retired. We sat up in section 212 and had great seats - they were about one section off the infield and obviously didn't have any obstructed view or anything like that. We didn't have anything besides beer and garlic fries at the stadium, but it looks like they have a lot of yummy food! I saw a hand-carved beef sandwich, a few gluten-free stands, and pretty much everything else you could possibly dream of. Only down side - it's incredibly expensive! I know all ballparks an sporting events are, but this one seemed to be more than all the others. Be prepared to spend some moola!
It's expensive, but you can expect that. Winning!
it's time for . . . TIP OF THE HAT, WAG OF THE FINGER!!!!!!! tip of the hat to the new york yankees for keeping their new stadium right at 161 and river, steps from the 4 train. wag of the finger to the cleveland indians for blowing us out in our home opener 10 - 2. tip of the hat to the cleveland indians bullpen catcher and coaches for getting game balls to me, my girl, and the two kids sitting nearby who asked.  that was classy. wag of the finger to the computer system/ticket scanners at gate 8.  seriously.  shutting down one after another forcing the closure of the gate within 10 minutes on OPENING DAY?  this is the gate for the bleachers, son.  you might get away with that shit at gate 6 or at the entrance for the club seats.  those people are civilized.  we're bleacher creatures and we will choke a bitch. tip of the hat to the food choices in the new yankee stadium - hard rock cafe; rack of lamb & steaks from lobels; mexican; bbq, fried pickles & mac n' cheese from brother jimmy's; burgers & shakes from johnny rockets; carvel ice cream; and sushi in addition to the standard burgers, dogs, pizza & beers. wag of the finger for the beer selection.  bud/miller was all i could find.  seriously.  $1.5 billion and i can't find a station that sells sam adams or guiness?  i'm not looking for anything rare or spectacular, just decent will do nicely. tip of the hat for the beer selection.  32 oz. for $10?  that is actually a good deal in stadium drinkery and it will getcha drunk. wag of the finger to me for spilling 2 such 32 oz. beers all over myself.  side note: don't try to balance a beer that large in your baseball mitt.  you *will* get wet. tip of the hat to the designers of the jumbotron over center field.  at 60 feet tall and in high-def it's just about large enough to let you watch the game or any replays.  from space. wag of the finger to the mohegan sun sports bar for jutting out into the bleachers blocking the views of the opposite field for whichever poor schlub has to sit next to the walls of the bar.  those little lcd screens lining the wall are a poor second place for seeing the play.  tip: if buying bleacher seats, avoid the 2 sections directly next to monument park on either side. tip of the hat to cc sabathia for the first k, johnny damon for the first hit, and jorge posada for the first homerun. wag of the finger to grady sizemore for hitting the first grand slam at the new ballpark.  what the hell, man?!  what the hell!? tip of the hat to david "boomer" wells for coming out to enjoy the game with the bleacher creatures. wag of the finger for the wide, well lit hallways and the large, clean, and well-placed bathrooms.  i mean, couldn't you have maintained the cramped, dimly lit warren of claustrophobia inducing rat-tunnels and disgusting crappers from the old stadium?  it's actually pleasant and easy to walk through the stadium.  where's that "dear GOD GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF THIS TUNNEL!!!!" feeling?  gone.  that's where. tip of the hat to the person who got me 4 tickets, 1st row bleachers for opening day, yankee stadium, 2009.  seriously.  funny, useful and cool. so . . . that's it in a nutshell.  the new stadium.  seriously gorgeous.  here's to the next 26 world championships in the house that jeter built.
Although not as good as the old yankee stadium, it still is a great ballpark. They had these $11 cheesesteaks that were delicious and their $12 beers were nice and cold. You should try to have very limited obstructive viewing ie citizens bank park but money is king
Went to the pre-season game vs. the Cubs today...  We were in awe of the "New" Yankee Stadium.  The Yankees stressed their "green" initiative in the paperwork that came with my season tickets.  Obviously the 4000 flat screen TV's that are all over the new stadium are not part of it;-)  Everything is nice and spacious, concourse, great hall, bathrooms, wider seats (for those of you with wider asses)   The food selection is pretty awesome.  On top of what Jim R. mentioned there is also Brother Jimmy's BBQ, Johnny Rockets, Hard Rock Cafe (more on this in a minute) and NYY Steak.  The prices were just a little outrageous.  I mean I understand they spent 1.5 billion to build this place but $10 for a 16 oz BUD is just slightly excessive.  You can buy an F'in 18 pack of this crap for less than that in your local grocery store.  I'm just glad I don't drink shitty beer!!  I'll BYOB next time. Some kinks that I'm sure will get worked out... They have rebuilt the pedestrian bridge that crosses over the Metro North tracks, I will tell you that it is quite a haul (especially carrying a baby) to walk to the new Stadium if you park over by the Harlem River (where the Ferrry boat arrives).  You essentially have to walk right past the old stadium across 161st Street to the new Stadium.  They are building new parking garages in the vincinity of where the players parking lot used to be for the old Stadium, so once that is completed I think this will get better.  Also for those of you planning on taking Metro North the signs said that service will begin May 23rd,  so in case you had planned on Metro north for the opening homestand be ready to take the train to 125th St. We were trying to get into the Hard Rock just to check out the souveniers (DW wanted a t-shirt), it's not clearly marked from inside the Stadium.  It's down the far end of the great hall tucked away in the right field corner (unmarked door next to the Yankee Team Shop.  The staff at the door told us that you can't enter the Hard Rock from inside the Stadium after the 7th inning and that we would have to go outside and get in line if we wanted to go into the Hard Rock.  We figured we would check it out next time we come. All in all it is a beauty of a ballpark.  There is just so much to take in, I couldn't possibly write about it all today.  One other random thought...  Chesley Sullenburger threw out the ceremonial first pitch today, Sully Rocks!!!  Oh one other thing, Fenway Sucks!!
If you're a New Yorker, you already know about this place (the universe's perfect belly-button), but if you're a tourist, no trip to New York is complete without seeing a real baseball game. Do not bother with the stupid Mets. They'll just lose and embarrass themselves. Go see the Yankees in their new home. There are, quite literally, no bad seats in the house. Getting into and out of the stadium is quick and simple (do NOT bring extraneous stuff, leave all your bags and coats and crud in your hotel, do NOT try to sneak in food or water or whatnot). Just enjoy the experience. Yes, beer is expensive. Yes, the hot dogs are $5.  But you know what? If this is a once in a lifetime trip, why not drop some coin? Remember to tip the beer-man! Don't bother trying to drive, arrive on the 4 or B or D like a real New Yorker. Buy an over-priced shirt. Buy an over-priced program. Expect to spend a few hundred bucks. Return to podunk with some memories. Of course if you're a local... wait until the day of the game and go on Ticket Exchange or Stub Hub. Have lunch at Sam's. Grab a beer at Stan's. Then head on up to your ticket. Be happy that you're not in the old stadium (too annoying to enter, too annoying to leave, too far away from the field, disgusting urinals...). I am glad for the new stadium. I've been to at least 3 or 4 dozen games in the last couple of years, and I don't think you can compare the two venues.
Every religion has its hallowed grounds, sacred spots where gods and demigods walked the earth performing legendary deeds. In a secular world, sports carries on that fine tradition and fills the same human need for continuity, meaning and community. Yankee Stadium, the House next door to the House that Ruth built, is a temple that celebrates the diamondback dynasty overflowing with foundation myths. Any visit to this stadium exposes the attendee to a proud and noble past dating back to a black and white TV era with names like Ruth, Gehrig, Mantle, DiMaggio, Berra and more. Images of the past are interwoven with the players of the present, seemingly dwarfed by the giants whose shoulders they play ball on. Did such men like Babe Ruth actually walk this earth? Throughout the nine (or more ) innings, you'll become a part of the collective consciousness, with a common history of events, tragedies and triumphs. You go to Cit Field for the food; you enter Yankee stadium as a pilgrim ready to worship. All that worship does lead to the need for feed, of course and one place I've refueled at is the always reliable Carl's cheese steaks. With or without onions, white american cheese or cheese whiz, add a roll and place this massive sandwich into the chomp down position. The more traditional sustenance of the hot dog is overabundant as you circumnavigate the stadium. The foot long with mustard makes for a fine snack. Beer here! Any religion needs its hymns and choral arrangements. Here you will listen to the calls of "Beer here!" or the elongated cries of "Cr-aaaa-cker jack!". The refrain of "Lemon icy" is too modern for my tastes. Place the chalice of alcoholic delight into the cup holder, have your first bite of the foot long and let the passion begin. Stomp your feet, clap your hands, boo the umpire, guess which yankees cap contains a ball on the Jumbo Tron, heckle the home team's pitcher for walking a batter, celebrate that same pitcher for striking out another player, stand up and sit down for the wave, dodge the spilled beer from behind and join the chanting of De-rek Jee-ter. If none of that appeals to you, perhaps this religion isn't quite right for you. On the other hand, much like an atheist in the Vatican appreciating Renaissance art, you don't have to know the difference between a can of corn and a bunt to still appreciate Yankee Stadium. For the true believers, this cathedral to the game will play with your emotions, sending you into the pit of despair only to uplift and restore your faith in the team moments later. A modern day passion play unfolds every game on the green grass of the new Yankee Stadium.
First of all, I just want to say. AL EAST CHAMPS!!!!!!!!!!1 SUCK IT BOSTON. Anyway. So the food's expensive...so what? You can't expect it to be cheap. Bring an apple if you get hungry...but I always buy ice cream at the stadium anyway. A friend of mine informed me that the SF Giant's ballpark's food is even more expensive...if you want to compare. It's weird that I'm reviewing Yankee Stadium. But the one time i tried to get into NYY Steak they told me it'd be an hour wait (it was 30 minutes before the game...whaa-a-at)....so I have no choice but to review the normal venue. I've been here several times already during this season (I think more times this season than I've ever been at the old Yankee Stadium). I've sat in almost every possible tier with every possible view...but I digress. My first game was the 2nd home game of the season...aka the first win ever in the new stadium! We were in the bleachers...with "obstructed view". I was a little wary of this fact but our seats really weren't up to our choosing since tickets were going so fast...but I definitely recommend obstructed! The tickets are significantly cheaper and you only miss out on part of right field (Sorry Swisher lovers). There are tv's lining the walls broadcasting the game too (the only reason it's obstructed is the huge hulking black glassed structure right smack in between the two bleacher sections...). Still, a great view. And no crowd can ever beat the bleacher crowds. We even verbally assaulted a Red Sox fan (But what Red Sox fan goes to a cleveland vs yankees game? Stupid.) My second game was a Red Sox vs Yankees game (yay). We sat in the right field bleachers, which i definitely recommend over the left field bleachers because it seems to be closer to the action. Although you do have to crane your neck almost 180 degrees to see the screen.. The good thing about this new stadium is that there are food vendors every where, every section, every tier. I remember I had to trek far and wide to get my Dippin Dots at the old stadium. Dippin Dot's isnt at the new stadium...Carvel sells them under the name "MOLLYCOOLZ". Do you know how long it took me to realize it meant to be "Molecules"? Too long. I spent most of the time wondering who was Molly..but I don't think anyone cares about my literacy troubles. My third game was on the first base side....9 rows from the field. Oh it was wonderful. The section is always a bit empty....good and bad thing I guess. You won't get as much fan energy here but you do get comfortable chairs and people that deliver food to you. And a view of Teixeira's backside. I mean, what? Anddd finally, I've sat in the grandstand tier. Which is still an amazing view! The old stadium grandstands scared me so much because the seats were so rickety and there never seemed to be enough fencing...but the grandstands here have such a homely feel. And whatever you can't see you can see on that wonderful HD screen at the stadium. Man, I wish that was in my home.
Garlic Fries!!!
What a wonderful place to watch a game. The staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable - always willing to help with directions or information. They actually have stands outside the stadium that say "how can I help you?". The stadium is neat and clean with plenty of choices for food and beverage. The suites are gorgeous and servers are wonderful. Parking lots are located right across the street, parking is $35,  your pre-pay before the game, staff is on hand to direct you to the best place to park and when you depart the lot. A great game experience and really terrific people who work there.
Yankee Stadium is nice... but is it  really $1.5 billion nice? I don't think so. It's a nice modern facility with a wide variety of concessions and very professional and courteous stadium staff.  But when you see the "special stuff" like Monument Park and the Yankee Museum on the second deck concourse it was cool, but in a way, it felt underwhelming. The Yankees are one of the most winninest, notable and wealthiest pro sports teams on the planet.  The stadium the the third most expensive sports venue on the planet. For all the money that was poured into this stadium, for all of the history of the franchise, this stadium should have been greater.  The Yankees Museum felt like an afterthought, like it was crammed into a spare room in the stadium. Seriously, it's a nice stadium, but I expected more.  From what I hear, the Mets spent less money and built a nicer stadium.  I'll go sometime this season to see if the rumors are true. If this was a ballpark for any other team in baseball, I'd give this place at least four stars, but c'mon, it's the Yankees.
I think the old Yankee Stadium was somewhat better than the new one. I can't believe they tore down the old one. It had so much history, and was a true piece of art. It's nice that the new stadium has a museum about the Yankees, but the weird or stupid part is that it has fewer seats than the old one. Don't the Yankees want more money from the fans without charging them more? Well, having more seats will bring in more money. How stupid are the designers? The stadium is easy to reach via bus, subway, metro-north, and highway.
Watched Los Jankees lose on Saturday to Cleveland, but Jeter did pass Honus Wagner on the all-time hits list. So not all boo-hoo news. My streak of not paying for Yankee tickets at the new Stadium stands at 30 games in a row since 2009--that includes 5 playoff games and 1 World Series game! Most of my friends have season tickets. Yeah I'm that friend! MOOCH. First off if you're meeting folks at the Stadium. Forget about any of the gates. Way too many people (vendors, fans, cops, the $1-water-bottle guys, etc.). Try meeting at the McDonalds across the street from Gate 6. Or if it's a sunny day, hang at Heritage Park which houses a couple of baseball fields and is the site of the demolished Stadium which is right across from the new Stadium. Keep in mind you can enter the Stadium about 1 1/2 to 2 hours before the start time of the game. You can bring unopened water bottles into the stadium to avoid the up-charged ones in the Stadium. I think you can bring food into the stadium, but I never have. I'd advise not bringing a backpack or bag as they might  make you check it. Best to just bring your wallet and phone. That's all you need. This new Stadium versus the old one is super-sized. Way more room to walk around and way more stuff to see: Babe Ruth Plaza (outside the park), Monument Park, and the Yankee Museum. There are tons of places to eat in the Stadium: Johnny Rockets (my go-to bc it's quick and I don't want to miss much of the game for in-between inning food stops); Brother Jimmy's Lobel's, Farmer's Market (for the more health conscious); Hard Rock Cafe; Legends Suite (fancier than most eats in the Stadium); NYY Steak (fancier than most eats in the Stadium), and Mohegan Sun Sports Bar (fancier than most eats in the Stadium). Stadium has plenty of room for you to stretch your legs and walk around and watch the game. It's a great day activity if you have folks from out of town or abroad since the Yankee Stadium still hosts great baseball but leans into the amusement park and mall tendencies of all destination sites now.
I should get this out of the way in he interest of full disclosure: I am a Red Sox fan. I was born and raised in Manhattan and for the past baker's dozen years, I have supported that team from Beantown.  I used to watch the Yankees get phantom calls and preferential treatment from the umpires, calls that even the mob would have argued were blatantly awful.   But this review isn't about the Yankees or the legion of cheats they've employed over the years (and I don't just mean A-Rod.  Oh wait, "alleged" cheats.) I went to see the Yankees-Giants game.  I arrived and having been to the previous stadium, this new one is a big improvement.  As you go up the ramps from one level to another, you don't feel like cattle herded toward the the slaughterhouse. The levels are lined with Yankee souvenir stands and various types of  food.  Want pizza?  There's a stand for that.  Italian sausage?  There's a stand for that.  Want imported beer?  Yeah, there's a stand for that, too.  Ice cream dots?  Yeah, there's one for that as well.  Of course, you can go get your collectible Yankee cup for your beer or your soda.  Yeah, the food is pricey when you consider what it would cost outside but it's part of the experience.  ($5.50 for a plain slice that would  cost you half that a few blocks away. It's also easy to find your seats.  There's staff everywhere to help guide you in the right direction so you won't wind up in someone else's seat (unless of course, you're trying to sneak into a better spot). I used to hate when people would file by you while you're trying to enjoy the game.  This has been somewhat reduced because ushers don't let people go through the stands until the end of the inning. The stadium is also remarkably clean in comparison to the previous stadium which always had me feeling like I needed to take a shower after I went.  Yeah, you're going to see peanut shells and cups accumulate around the seats but you're less likely to see them when you first arrive at your seats then you were in previous years. The only bad thing I can talk about my experience in going to see the Yankees play live is that they have a high winning percentage when I go.  It's depressing to see them play well but at least i can say that I had a good time. So, root, root for the away team, if they don't win it's a shame, because it's one, two, three strikes you're out at the all ball game.... Go Red Sox!
Way to much hype built around this new ballpark.  Built in a shady neighborhood, the local hotels are trashy and expensive, plus there is not much food selection before or after the game.
Got to catch Jeter's second to last home game here... and even though he didn't do so hot on that game, it was still great to be able to see him play. #RE2PECT My friends bought tickets for inner grandstand for about $30. But i woke up after they had bought their tickets so I got a ticket in the outer grandstand for about $26, I was hoping that they had open seats next to them. When we got there, I went with them to their section and sat next to them. There were 2 empty seats and luckily, no one came for those seats the whole game! Food: - GARLIC FRIES: oh my gosh.. if you like garlic... GET THIS. AMAZING. on the grandstand level, it's all the way towards the 3rd base side. you have to walk a little bit if you sat where i did behind first base. but it was great. i recommend getting the large... and no cheese. I got the cheese just to try it and while it was good, it was a little too much. $10  (but look at what you can do with the cheese) - bucket of chicken tenders and fries. $20 .. BUT if you use a mastercard, they throw in a free 1 liter of soda. good deal. Remember all that cheese from the garlic fries? I ended up mixing some in with my friend's bucket of fries. #greatsuccess  The chicken and fries were pretty good. not the best in quality but pretty good in quantity. (make sure you ask for extra bbq sauce for the chicken) - the premio italian sausage and soft serve ice cream were also highly recommended by my friend. TIP: take the subway there... parking is expensive and crazy. if you don't like dirty bathrooms though... maybe do your business before getting here. Overall, whether you are there to catch some awesome yankees baseball or for the food, this place is great!
It is really frustrating that crazy Steinbrenner insists upon $2500 seats behind homeplate that never sell out.  I came here with friends hoping to just get some cheap seats but we found out that the cheapest onces available were $325.  F that!  We ended up "getting" $90 tickets around the 5th inning for $30 each so it worked out.  No one scored before the 6th inning anyway and it ended up being a great time.  I enjoyed my $9 beers and $5 slice of intensely greasy pizza. I appreciate the fact that there are compost bins next to the trash bins and the recycling bins but no one knows how to use that and people just throw all their trash wherever which is useless.  Nice try though Yanks.
Not very impressed with this new stadium. Yes, it was built to mimic the old stadium & all it's glory, but didn't do much for me. Besides it being a "new" stadium, you still have the same obnoxious fans and the same tense atmosphere as you did in the old park. If you're a fan of the opponent team, by all means avoid the bleacher seats. The structure of the park is just plain blah. No vibrance or color. Just more of the same dull gray & blue. If you're going to invest all that $$ into building a new stadium, at least give it some character. Nothing really stands out here. Crazy as it sounds, I actually  prefer the old stadium.
This was my first visit to this incarnation of Yankee Stadium. I caught a game at the Old Yankee Stadium in its final year, and I'm a little disappointed that the new Yankee Stadium isn't that much of an upgrade. The seating bowl area is nicer, but the concourses didn't seemed to be a big improvement. We really enjoyed the Yankee Museum. Seeing the jerseys worn by the Babe, Gehrig, and the Mick was awesome. The wall of signed baseballs between the Don Larsen and Yogi Berra statues was a great idea too. The bucket of chicken tenders and fries was tasty and a great value, especially since we got a free Pepsi by paying with MasterCard. I was really impressed by the park built  on the site of old Yankee Stadium. It was cool to see a park replace to old park rather than just putting a parking lot over it like at Shea or Fulton County in Atlanta.
Hmm who can not love the over crowded ball games, the overly priced beers and dogs, the advertisements everywhere you look?? Well I'm glad there are parking garages so near by, but $35 wow just for a game on top of paying your baseball ticket? Best bet, go early and find parking on the street or stay with a boyfriend who lives 2 stops away by subway. Food, uhhh I have to admit, I'm the beers and dogs and fries and peanuts type of gal when it comes to being at these games!  Some guy next to me had Chinese food, like total beef lo mein!  I even passed by all the food stands to find sushi and cocktails?!!? Comee on!!! It's a damn American baseball game, you'll find me at the beer stand.. But I can't hate, I would eat sushi outside of the game, not sure during. And they had Bro Jimmy's BBQ and Johnny Rockets too! I love the 100 seats, I'm not sure if up higher they have the cushion seats, but it makes my butt feel so much better. Bathrooms, clean, clean, clean. One of my pet peeves is a girl who pisses all over the seat, thank god they have seat covers and a bathroom attendant throughout the game. I do DO DO enjoy the seat service, some workers asking me if I want to order food in my seat? Wow can America get any fatter having fast food (expensive) delivered to your seat?? But I enjoy the game, I enjoy hearing people scream and stand and boo people cheering from the other side.  It's all in good fun.
Boring! Nothing on Citi Field!
Heartbroken when they tore down Yankee stadium and replaced it with this place. Limited view seating just about everywhere they didnt pitch this place correctly. Used to do the 26 game flex plan in the tier reserve for 9 years at old stadium had a rockin time. Crowd at this new place is dead. Too many people playing with there i phones and wearin horsies on there shirts.We call it the mall in the bronx now. George must be rollin in his grave. It wretchs my gut to say this but they did a much better job over at citi field where the MUTS play..   REST IN PEACE YANKEE STADIUM
Don't get me wrong. I love the Yankees, but this stadium just really falls short of expectations for baseball royalty.  This really drifts between 2 & 3 stars, because it's really just average as far baseball stadiums go, however, there are features I like. Such as the Yankee Steak house, for stealing away for a drink at the comfortable bar, after the 3rd inning, it's rarely crowded, and they allow access to EVERYONE,  no elitism ticket rules here. Also, the "museum" is surely worth a visit and is free.  It includes hundreds of baseballs signed by many previous and present Yankees.  Take your picture next to the Babe Ruth ball. That's a nice memory.  Overall it's just not as hallowed as the former stadium, but it has aspects that can make it a long term winner.
Yankee stadium is a novelty but wow, nowhere near as good as Att Park in SF. The stadium does have pretty decent margarita yard thingys. I also approve of the wholly guacamole nachos. But I just can't seem to shake my SF cravings for a veggie hot dog and garlic fries...
I have been to both the old and new Yankee stadiums.  I love the update to be able to walk around the entire stadium.  The outfield seats were awesome (Section 103) with padded seats for extra comfort.  The concourses are very large which makes it feel super open and not cramped at all. It is a must to visit for an baseball fan.  The prices are a bit much compared to other stadiums but they are the Yankees and they think their Sh*t smells like roses. I recommend going early to see the monuments in center field.  Also, big kudos to the Yankees for turning the former site of the old stadium into a very large part with baseball fields, play grounds and other activities for the small and big kids.  It is great to see them give back to the community.
It's hard to review a place like Yankee Stadium. It's like reviewing a legendary building like the Empire State and bitching about how stupid it is to buy a $20 ticket to get to the top and look around. The new stadium is beautiful -- while I miss the old one, this one is a huge upgrade. Wide concourses, great views no matter where you're sitting, great sound system, great visuals at the scoreboard area. Here comes the complaints: this is perhaps *the* most expensive MLB stadium to see a game at, in all of North America. Tickets are a fortune. I mean, to pay $45-50 to sit with the pigeons at the back wall of the upper deck is insanity (don't even THINK of getting seats any closer than the upper deck). Beer is either $9 or $12, depending on which station you buy it at. Food is horribly overpriced, even for a baseball stadium. Parking is around $35. Attention lower-middle class: this is no longer a place to take your wife and kids. Maybe once a year if that much. Just for a laugh, I was checking the cost of seats in the area behind home plate - they were going for around $1500-$2000 a piece, just for a regular season game. Most of the closer seats at the stadium has been bought out by corporations, and the prices are absurd. Yankee Stadium is a *very* corporate establishment, and I know that after working at Merrill Lynch. One thing I love about this place is the view - no matter where you're sitting, you're getting a great view - even in the bleachers. If you're coming from north Jersey like I do -- take my advice and DRIVE there, don't take that ratty subway. You'll get there in 1/4th the time. Come out to Yankee Stadium to see your team play, but be ready to shell out a lot of money for this half-day trip. Boston sucks | Philly sucks | Go Yanks
Love this place
It is a beautiful ballpark ! The Yankee Museum,Monument Park,and the Great Halls are all awesome. The staff are very helpful and lots of food choices.It is always fun. Best stadium ever!!Go Yankees!!!
Went to the Yankee's game on my visit to NYC with the boy and this stadium feels like I am in a Greek amphitheater in Athens! After getting off the subway, we instantly climbed up the stairs and, behold the Yankee Stadium!!!! It was REALLY clean and pretty! There isn't much to do here like the AT&T Park Stadium back in SF. They don't have like Build-a-Bear or an arcade...etc They just have the basics food kiosks, souvenir stores, and historic museums. The food here is pretty good. Typical baseballer food, but I enjoyed it. I liked the historic museum a lot! There is always a line because they do not want people overcrowding the area. The field is like any other baseball field. My bf and I sat really close! We got really good views of the players and WOW to Derek Jeter and Ichiro Suzuki! Cheering the Yankees on made me feel guilty for betraying the Giants....but hey! Yankees are pretty good too! :) Come here during Summer. It feels awesome! Since the weather is always humid, you don't have to bring a sweater or anything! ***Just a Note: Even though this stadium is located in the Bronx which is known to be ghetto, you are not even exposed to the slightest bit of ghetto-ness because you get off the subway and immediately are at the stadium! So don't be scared!
This isn't the old stadium, but it still has the feel of the previous Bronx Bomber's home. Stadium has great seats no matter where you sit. Great food and drink vendors on every level!
If you compare the new Yankee Stadium with the new Citi Field, Yankee Stadium comes up surprisingly short. The choices of dining options at Citi Field makes Yankee Stadium look like the crap you can get in a strip mall. Mostly because it IS crap you can get at a strip mall. Papa John's??? In the city that perfected the Slice??? Sacrilegious. Eat before you come and save your tastebuds the insult. There's no free Wi-Fi. It says "public" but it's password protected. I was able to get one of the very friendly staff to put it into my phone, but it changes often and was a total favor. Madison Square Garden, Citi Field... all have free public Wi-Fi. You may not be able to upload anything, but it's there. The staff were universally helpful and extraordinarily friendly. One of them even gave two kids on the bus home the souvenirs he had with him. They are the only thing keeping this a 3 star review. Whomever they subcontract to do the hiring of their support staff is doing an outstanding job. Otherwise, the facilities are just fine. It's the amenities for your average ticket holder, (plebs... unwashed masses... whatever anyone that can afford the overpriced areas calls us) that suck so, so badly.
I frankly don't see the point to this new stadium; the old one was in good repair (every year before opening day, this was the report from the engineering inspection) and Steinbrenner kept it all incredibly spruced up. The old stadium was for true baseball FANS; this stadium is for people who want to go to an EVENT and people like this generally don't stay for the entirety of games; their interest wanes relatively quickly unless they can otherwise be entertained; the poetry of the game for its own sake is not something that really interests them much, if at all. That and at the old stadium there was the continuity of championship Yankee lore; I could look out upon center field and know that this was the home of Joe DiMaggio, Mickey Mantle, and future Hall Of Famer Bernie Williams. The new stadium is most assuredly appreciated by many but it will never be loved as was the old stadium. I've always felt the main impetus for the new stadium were the new, private suites; this just goes to show the weight that the really wealthy have for getting their bidding done even if means the destruction of a truly iconic old ball park; this is just my opinion and I find this rather sad if not even sick and just pretty much pathetic.
I believe I have a post up about the OLD Yankee Stadium, the REAL Yankee Stadium but I returned from back east and had to give an update...BLECH!! As a true New Yorker and a TRUE Yankee fan I am so disappointed in this monstrosity of a stadium. It's big, ugly and transparently all about money. Don't get me wrong, there isn't a bad seat in the house but there is no heart and definitely no soul. Everything from the expensive food to the lack of stuff to do (i.e. fun stuffs for kids) makes this place an empty money pit. The worst part is that the old Yankee stadium is right next door all lonely and empty. No joke i got chills walking by the old stadium. Ugh, such a disappointment.
This was my first time to the new Yankee Stadium. I was very impressed the stadium is very well designed. The stadium appears to me to have about 5 tiers. Moving through the stadium is easy. Entry to the stadium is not terrible (searched and such). My company used the picnic area with open bar and all you can eat food. the food was OK but the first set of hamburgers were nothing short of hard as a rock. The hot dogs were good; go figure good hotdogs at a baseball game. There was some sort of chicken tacos which were fine. The bartender was super nice. My biggest complaint is that the picnic area is nothing like picnicking. The picnic area has no clear sky as it is under the stadium. There is no grass in the picnic area just pavement. Maybe they just need a better descriptive name - in my book a picnic area has a clear view of the sky and has some grass. This was almost a dungeon under the stadium. Final note be aware of what you are buying before spending your money. Don't expect any staff to be aware of anything more then their very specific role / duty.
I am a Red Sox fan.  But being a new Brooklyn transplant, and a fan of baseball in general, I had to make a trip to Yankee Stadium. It is an amazing place. I got some last minute left field bleacher seats for less than $20.  And they were beautiful seats.  Great view of everything. And the bleacher people are my people.  We were playing a game of pass the hat, and people in front and behind of us were all eager to join in. The only (well-documented) downer is the price of beer.  I easily spent twice the cost of my tickets for a few beers.  Although I do find it comical that a 24 oz of Budweiser costs the same ($13.50) as a 24 oz of Shock Top.  Who in their right mind could justify paying that much for Bud? Will definitely go back.  Hopefully before the season ends.
YANKEE STADIUM. The greatest stadium on earth. When you first walk your in awe All the banners of the greatest Yankees ever. The museum in the outfield The food courts.Brother Jimmy's  and Lobells.,Fresh lemonade, sundaes. The yankees always do it right.
I'm going to preface this by saying I'm far from a Yankee fan. My brutal hatred for their (lack of) dynasty building techniques and my preference for the current World Series champs only brings my rating down by 1 star. I'd been to the old stadium, which was historic but in need of a serious makeover. They did a great job of keeping that historic feel in the new stadium. But with the new stadium came exorbitant prices. The restaurants are top quality for a stadium, but ridiculously expensive, too. It's also pretty convenient to get to on the B/D, but it's crazy for just about every sporting event there. It's far from the best stadium out there, but it does the job.
I've been to about half the major league ballparks, and the new Yankee Stadium is one of the worst I've visited. Obnoxious prices, obnoxious fans, and a generally sterile environment all leave this as the most disappointing stadium I've seen so far. On the plus, it's still a legendary atmosphere, the food is excellent, and the Tigers won the night I went!
Ok folks. Gonna jump right into this one since this is really a continuation of my other review on Citi Field (cheap plug hell yea!!) We move on to the home of the Bronx Bombers... Again, another great effort here as the stadium looks beautiful. Another throwback as it is a modernized version of the original Yankee Stadium before it's mid 70's rennovation. Train is literally a block away which makes it accomodating. Parking has never been a strong point, but that is understandable considering the lack of retail space. The space that the old ballpark occupied has been turned into a little league field which adds a nice touch to the area. The staff and greeters are EXTRA helpful, and guide you in with relative ease. As you walk in the first thing you notice is the "Great Hall"... The first time I saw it (and even now) I was in awe. It was mythic, legendary, and just an awesome sight. Banners celebrating the past...Players looking like heroic figures. The glory of the Yankees all in front of you (and a wide screen up top to boot). I had been to the old Stadium many a time, but I never EVER had this feeling before and speaking as an unbiased Met fan that was awesome. Unlike Citi Field, you knew immediately that the Yankees played here. The reminders were everywhere which was a blessing and curse (and I'll get into that later) The team store was to the right of the main entrance making it very accessible. The walk up ramps to the upper sections had wheelchair access, and had plenty of walking room which the old stadium didn't have. The famous Yankee Momument is located behind center field and is as beatiful as ever. The famous "facade" is probably the first thing you notice. Again for you history nuts (and fellow nerds like me ;) ) the facade is placed on top of the upper deck just like the original Yankee Stadium (again before refurbishment) had it. The scoreboard is bright and colorful, and the stadium colors were filled with the Yankee trademark of dark blue, grey, and white. Unlike Citi Field (whose colors again were great but didn't reflect anything with the team) this gave the stadium an identity that matched the team that calls it home. This is importnant not just for the teams sake. But for the fans as well, creating a home field advantage that everyone craves for. The stadium holds around a max of 52,000 or so which is only a dropoff of about 5,000 from the old stadium (whereas the Mets cut almost 11,000 seats from Shea to Citi) The food is a vast improvement over the old park, and restrooms are easy to find. It wasn't hard going from place to place and it made travel very easy. The seats are large and aisles comfy :) The only downsides? One I think they crammed too much into it and took away from the aspect of actually going to a game (a casino? really?) Also, it's great that the past was honored and such, but I felt that them plastering players and signs on every corner over took away from the natural beauty of the stadium. I mean do I really want to be greeted with a pic of blown up baseball card of Matt Nokes? Does a NYC taxpayer really want to know that their taxpayer money was spent on a blown up Matt Nokes baseball card/mural? An even better question... Does anyone even know who Matt Nokes is???  :( Because of that, it loses the "ballpark feel" that the old stadiums and Citi Field had and that's a feeling that's important for a family sport like baseball (and to be honest that's the biggest reason why I didn't give it a 5) It feels too corporate. The seats provide great views for the most part but there unfortunetly there are obstructed views that unlike what Citi did can't be combated due to the physical build of the ballpark. Aside from that, you will enjoy your time there. In fact the home team might actually win!!!! Unless I'm in attendence of course ;) Fini! Sorry if the last two were longer than usual but baseball is my first true love and it's awesome to see NY finally get some much needed stadium upgrades! I promise to do one of the Garden after they finish the second phase of it's upgrade this summer... Happy trails! More goodies later :)
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. Take the train/subway to the ballpark, don't drive! 2. You can bring a bottle of water in the stadium. Don't pay for it inside. 3. Arrive extra early and go to Monument Park and their museum inside. 4. Pre-game beforehand, there are tons of bars across the street, even a Mickey Ds and a Hard Rock Cafe. 5. Arrive on time for the ol' Yankee roll call. Best stadium in MLB!
Y-A-N-K-E-E-S, here come those Yankees!... After already visiting Citi Field on the same trip, the grandparents decided they wanted to see Red Sox vs. Yankees, which I was thrilled to hear. We bought tickets in section 213 for around $150 each--a little high, but it was a Red Sox Yanks game, so that was expected. My dad bought prepaid parking in the River Street Garage so my grandparents wouldn't have to walk far. The garage was right next to Yankee Stadium. We spent over AN HOUR from the time we got off of the Deegan to parking in the garage. EVERY street was closed and the NYPD had no idea what was going on. After an hour of driving, we decided to try to follow a cascade of cars going the wrong way down a deserted one-way street. Finally, a woman in a green blouse and silk-white jeans gets out of her BMW...and what does she do? Moves the police barriers--everyone started clapping. She drives on, and the NYPD won't let us in the garage. She gets out, finds the managers, and he opens the garage for everyone. This lady saved the night for us--YAY! After entering and finding our seats, we were treated to a great view of the action. The scoreboard was easily viewed, and home plate was as well. Food was much better than Citi Field--I got a Johnny Rocket's burger which was surprisingly good! Hot dogs weren't bad either. The thing that stood out for me, though, was the service. Every single employee I came into contact with had a smile on their face and a greeting. Every. Single. One. Fantastic, you don't see this kind of service in many places. The one con that comes to mind, other than the price, is that Monument Park is buried in this stadium--ugh. Overall, Yankee Stadium is a great place to catch a game. Get a dog and a soda (or beer), and you're set! Go Yanks!
Second time in the box. Great new stadium. Great space/layout. almost like walking through a mall/museum.  Staff is very helpful and abundant. Food is tasty and plentiful.  no complains. and GO YANKEES!
On my baseball tours ive been to several yankees games and had a great time everytime.Im a bit biased I love the original yankee stadium. My complaint as a fan would be the park needs those walls taken down in center field so the fans can see the whole field.
I've visited the majority of ball parks in the majors so I have a good basis for comparison.  I've been a Yankees season ticket holder for 15 years and while I was sad to see the old park put to rest with all those amazing memories, the New Yankee Stadium does NOT disappoint. This new ball park is more than a ball park. It is a shrine to the greatest baseball team in history and a playground for the fans. They have not spared an expense to make this the most enjoyable place to take in a game. The large center field HD screen is so vivid. There are HD flat screens every where you turn so you will NEVER miss any of the action. Great out of town scoreboard for when the fans will be scoreboard watching in September. The seats are amazingly comfortable and cushioned, slightly tilted towards the home plate, and cup holders ! The food selection is vast and outstanding and in-seat service is very convenient but over priced.  Restaurants and bars are awesome. Opening day jitters made service a little slow and frustrating but the food made up for it. There's something for everyone in this new stadium.  It is clearly the greatest stadium in the majors !  Come visit Yankee Stadium...even if you're cheering for the other team.
Completely overrated. Bad, overpriced food and rude employees make for a completely overhyped sports experience. Why build a new stadium if it's going to look exactly like the old one? Could've at least included some extra bathrooms.
The old Yankee stadium had so much history that it was sad to see it go..It hurt for a little while....Well until you experienced the luxury of a new stadium.   The old stadium didn't have enough restrooms, so it would take forever to drain the lizard... Thats no longer a problem in the new stadium.. They have full bars all over the stadium that sell top shelf liquor, for like $19 per shot.. The staff has been very good with me, I have no complaints about Yankee stadium. oh Its pricey, but thats every baseball stadium in America,
Cupholders.  That right there makes the new stadium deserve a 5 star rating. In all seriousness, the stadium is gorgeous.  It's still sort of bittersweet to see the old stadium still standing across the street.  I made sure to take a picture (or 5) of the old one, as well as the exterior of the new one.  The outside is gorgeous, the gates are clear as day.  The Hard Rock Cafe and team store are right there when you exit the train platform.  There are tons of staff hanging around with signs that ask, "How may I help you?"  Came in handy when I needed to find will-call to get my tickets for today's game. Will-call was organized and nice.  You can either use a staff member for the tickets or a do-it-yourself machine.  You can enter through ANY gate (got this confirmed by 2 staff members).  The inside is gorgeous and very organized.  You can see the field from nearly everywhere once you're inside the building.   Our tickets were right behind home plate so of course there were the nifty signs that said "Please be aware of bats and/or balls".  The suites are nice and have their own entrance.  The press box is clear as day.  The field itself looks exactly the same as the original field which is great since it makes you feel "more at home".   Food and beer is overpriced, but that's to be expected.  $4.75 for a hot dog.  $10 for a beer in the special cup.  Either way, it's a great stadium and I plan on going back many, many times.  I was born & raised as a fan of the Yanks, and I'll die as a fan of them.
I really don't know where to begin. I'm not the kind of person the yearns for the good old day's of the past, so don't think that's the angle I'm coming form here. I think the biggest problem I have is that they moved the place. Yeah it's just "next door" but that's the point. Looking out at the field in the old Yankee Staduim you could feel the history. Look at first base and think "Lou Gerhig" stook right there. Gaze out to center field and say "wow the Mick and Joe D used to roam around that exact spot. Look at the mound and realize that Larson pitched the perfect game right there! Then look at home plate and try to imagine all the historic greats that stood at that plate and took hacks at pitches (er, like BABE RUTH maybe?"  Anyway, yeah the old stadium needed to be replaced. I wasn't fond of standing on line to go to the bathroom or worring if chunke of comcrete would hit me in the head, but they could have done it right and kept the sacred grounds intact. They could have built the new stadium right on the same spot. We could have had our cake and eaten it too. The Mets just finished their new stadium and it's really nice (went there twice already) The Yankees could have worked out a deal with the Mets like they did in the 70's. Play two or three seasons in the new Mets park while the old stadium is torn down and the new one built. The Yankees and the fans would still have a nice new park to play in while the construction went on and once it was over, and the new place built, everyone would be happy. Instead now, when a rookie comes up to the bigs and stands out there in center field of Yankee staduim, he can think to himself "Wow, I'm playing where Melky Cabrera once played!" Not quite the same, is it?
As a season ticket holder since 1996 I was always partial to the old Stadium. I have seen every post season game the Yanks have played since then and have been lucky enough to watch them win he Series at home three times. There is a core group that sits together and we have become more than friends, it is almost like extended family. With that being said I understand the rationale in wanting a new ballpark. The ability to sell more concessions, luxury boxes, souvenirs and every other ancillary product that the average fan really does not need. The new park, while beautiful, does not have the same intimacy as its predecessor. The crowd noise is not the same and the feeling is more sterile. All in all it is a nice park but I have often said; we had what everyone else wanted and now we have what everyone else has.
We went for the first time yesterday. Our seats were kinda high up, along the first base line. I was fine with that. We could still see everything and it's not as steep and freaking scary up there as it was in the old ballpark.* Bonus points because we were right by the beer, the hot dogs and the best cheesesteaks I've had outside of Philly. Food was expensive, but that's to be expected. The tickets were expensive, but it was The Man's treat. It's a beautiful place to enjoy a great summer pastime. *The first time we went to the old stadium, I had crazy visions of accidentally losing my footing while walking to my seat, and falling to my death at the umpire's feet.
This new place is flat out terrible.  Unless you are in the upper class stay home because that is exactly who this place was built for.  All these private, exclusive clubs and restaurants.expensive seating, expensive concessions, expensive parking(if you drive).  Its has a very cold feeling to it with all the exposed concrete and metal.  The old Yankee Stadium (The Real Yankee Stadium) with its run down bathrooms, and cramped concession areas and so on puts this place to shame.
The House that Jeter built! The New Yankee Stadium is a monument to all things baseball. A much needed improvement from old Yankee stadium. Monument Park in center field really is amazing. Viewing the shrines of icons just goes to show you how rich the history is at Yankee stadium. To bad no Steve Howe statue was erected. You could have followed the white line directing you to his location.  One thing I was really thankful for was the new seats installed. Now I don't need a chiropractor after a game, thanks George ! Now prices for the premium seating may give you whiplash but hey it's New York! Now that I've praised this place it's time to watch some baseball.
I'll mention my bias first.  I grew up 8 mi from Fenway Park in Boston.  I am a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan. I'll also mention this review is for the old Yankee Stadium.  I have yet to enjoy a game at the new Yankee Stadium. My first visit, was in Sept 2006.  A real treat with a Red Sox doubleheader.  Of course I had to see MY team play in the 2nd house that Ruth built....yeah, that's right, he was a Boston Red Sox first...and let's NOT forget that. The stadium?  It was AWFUL!  The sightlines from my seat for the 1st game in the Mezzanine sect was non-existant.  I had to bend to my right just to see home plate.  The place looked like no one was caring for it, and reminded me of the Chelsea Soldiers Home in Chelsea, MA.  SCARY! The food?  Oh man....I enjoyed a hot dog, and a diet soda.  They were ok. The game?  It was GREAT!  Red Sox won 5-2. The 2nd game?  My seats moved upstairs to Sect 2.  I don't know what coating was on the walkway/stairs in the upper section, but it was SLIPPERY!  I'm surprised more people never fell from the balcony sections. More of the same with the 2nd game.  Although my team lost. I went back in 2008, since my sister had never been and was going to lose that with the new stadium.  Sat in the upper deck, sect 10.  Same as in 2006. Why does this place get 5 stars?  Cause as much as it pains me to say, the Yankees do a great job putting a game on.  And the now 27 WS championships cannot be ignored.  Yes, it hurts to say it.  But I seriously enjoyed myself there and I hope to visit the new stadium in 2011.  I'd like to break it in with a Red Sox win....like I did old Yankee Stadium.  I will admit knowing what happened in 2004, makes this review a whole lot easier to write.  ;) Parking was nuts.  But definitely take the Yankee Clipper if you're over in New Jersey!  What a lot of fun that was! I have been to 18 MLB working parks (25 MLB parks overall).  This place ranks 3rd on my list.
Oh new Yankee Stadium, you had me at beers in the bleacher seats.  If any stadium can keep me at a game for 7 innings with a losing score of 22 to 4, it's this one.
I walked in for the first time for the Army-Notre Dame football game and had the strange feeling that I had been there before and it had always been there.  I have been back many times since.  I really enjoy the place.  Hard to build a new stadium and seemingly save all of the tradition and memories of the one it replaced.  This is a magnificent undertaking.  Love the place.
OK, let me tell everyone right off the bat, I'm not a Yankee fan.  I've lived in NY for quite a while now, 9 years...yikes I hate that.  I had been to Old Yankee Stadium, Shea, and Citi, but this was my first (and last) time to the Yankees new digs.  I'm a Mets fan if I had to choose, but baseball just really fills the time between hockey seasons for me. I had been waiting to get here for quite a while though, just out of curiousity.  I must say they did a good, job of replicating the old stadium and updating it.  With that said, why???? It was an antiquated stadium that either should have been kept as historical (Wrigley, Fenway), or it could have been a new gem (PNC, Busch).  It feels closed, hot and unwelcoming. The food is way overpriced.  A steak sandwich was $15, beers were $12.  Really? Really?  This kind of place is the reason I cannot stand NY, overpriced for no reason.  Cannot wait until I can retire to a great city.
Good good stadium. Remotely happy. I had to go on one of the hottest days in the world but I had great seats. The game moved slowly but this more about the stadium then the game. The stadium is setup nice and cozy. Where I sat the seats were very comfy. Stella on tap was also an amazing...... beer!
This year has been my first coming to the "new" Yankee Stadium, which was built right next to the old one. At one point in time you could see 2 stadiums side to side as you drove by on the Major Deegan. But enough reminiscing... The Yankee Stadium is conveniently located near the 4/D train so you can get here from practically anywhere in the city. There are a couple of sports bars located nearby if you want to kill some time and enjoy a few drinks right before a game. Once inside the stadium you can expect crazy long lines for everything from the concession stand to the bathrooms. After the game starts most people are seated so the lines quickly diminish. In terms of food there is variety you have Johnny Rockets, sushi, noodle bowls, and even good 'ole Southern BBQ. Obviously prices in the stadium are a bit steeper than average. For example, you can probably get a bottled beer (Bud Lite, etc) for about 10 bucks, which isn't bad. Tickets can be very affordable depending when you get them and on the section. I can't wait to go back and see yet another game this season!
Never have I ever been a bandwagon fan, these are my Yankees, the team that dressed me in pinstripes the day I was born and the team my grandfather pitched for long ago. Still, I was initially saddened at the closing of the original ballpark across the street, but quickly appreciated the dominant new cathedral, that maintains the integrity of its predecessor. Furthermore, I recognized that the "Old Yankee Stadium," was in fact a new version of the old stadium, unlike Fenway and Wrigley, which are untouched. I love the way that the new stadium preserves the Yankee's class and style, displaying the facade molding around the upper perimeter. A facade that once surrounded the perimeter of the original Yankee Stadium. This grand cathedral rolls with high ceilings and open walkways throughout, making it far less claustrophobic than the old ballpark. They called the original Yankee Stadium, The House that Ruth Built. This can be called the House that Jeter and Mo Built or literally the House that George built with his own dollars.
Myself, my family and a lot of my friends are die hard Yanks fans and we're consistently let down by the new park.  They should never have gotten rid of the old stadium.  Don't get me wrong I'll still always love the Yanks but each time I go to the new park I find it harder and harder to enjoy this new stadium since I'm subsidizing A-Rods paychecks and dates with Madonna.  The stadium looks beautiful from the outside but it is severely unfriendly to normal yolks on the inside, kind of like a model with no personality.  After seeing the San Fran Giants' park, the Padres park, Fenway, Camden, Wrigley, Safeco, etc. if makes you realize how poorly of a job they did designing this place. The prices are asinine.  $12 for a fucking 16oz Goose Island IPA.  And they're so retarded...they listed it as an "import" on their menu...it's made in CHICAGO, since when is that a foreign country.  $11 for a cheesesteak...sweet. We got the crappy $5 special seats with the intention of staying in the upper deck but moving to a better location behind home plate.  Not gonna happen - they have guards watching over even the cheap seats!  Wtf is this...price out your real fans that have been here since the early 90s before all the corporate yuppies from Ohio banked out the stadium.  The entire section was empty at a game that had the lowest attendance in the new stadium's history because it was 40 degrees out.  But it's the upper deck and YOU CAN'T SIT HERE gahhh. We also tried getting access to the Mohegan Sun bar and the bar beneath the press box.  You need special tickets to get in ...cool.  There are disgusting advertisements everywhere and there's a moat built behind home plate that houses the moneyed elite that arrive in the 3rd and chauffeur out in the top of the 7th. We ended up kicking it in the bleachers with the last remaining true fans at the stadium.  Doubt I'll be back this year since we stopped in the ticket office and they said bleacher are sold out for the year.  I'm sure they'll end up on some secondary site for double the price.   The Mets are pathetic and laughable but do yourself a favor and check out their stadium it's about 10x nicer, has better food and beer options and it's cheaper since the Mets blow so hard.
Yankee stadium and monument park are great. We had tickets that brought us to an area where they have a food restaurant just for that seating area. I think it was called the clubhouse . If you get to the stadium early, you can watch batting practice. We live the entire setting up of the field, watching the players interact, and Kate smith singing God bless America in the 7th. Make sure to wear a Yankees shirt and don't bring big bags or outside food or water. Food here was included in our tickets but drinks are expensive to buy. Go this year if you want to see Jeter.
Finally got to see a game in the New Yankee Stadium.  I sat in Field level section 109, and loved the cushions on my seats, so fancy!  The exterior of the Stadium is beautiful, but I was not impressed with the inside at all.  The stadium seemed a little small on the inside, the bathrooms were a little dark, and the waiter service in our section was very intrusive and annoying in that the waiters were always walking up and down the stairs asking if you wanted to order anything.  Also, the food was not anything great.  I had the garlic fries which I have seen people rave about in other reviews.  After eating the fries I was sick of the rest of the night.  Now, let me just say, I love french fries, and am not afraid of a little grease.  But these fries are just pure grease. All negatives aside, definitely had an awesome time as the Yankees rock.  Also, the enthusiasm of the crowd is a wonderful thing to witness and be a part of.  If you are going to the game to see damn good baseball, definitely go to Yankee Stadium.  If you want to go to a beautiful stadium and don't really care about the game, go to Citi Field.  Five stars for the Yankees and the fans, 2 Stars for the food and stadium, so I'll split the difference and give it 4 stars.
Okay, I'll fess up immediately: I'm a Mets fan. Recently I went to Yankee Stadium for the Pinstripe Bowl to see Notre Dame play Rutgers (ND won! woo). The stadium is nice, and unlike Citi Field, you can at least tell the Yankees play here. Their history and players are celebrated in a classy manner but it was boring? I'm not sure if that's the right word. Everything was so gray and cold, like a tomb. The food was mostly cold. I won't judge too harshly for this because it was 40 degrees outside, and I don't think the food stood a chance. My cousins were really big fans of the steak over the fries dish. My chicken fingers were pretty good too. For a baseball game I would have had iffy seats: 3b side 2nd row from the top, but for football it was great! Since I saw the stadium for the first time set up as a football field it felt strange. I can't imagine it in its baseball form. If I ever go to a Mets/Yankees at Yankee Stadium I'll get the chance.
While I'm not a fan of the current Yankees, I am a fan of the history of the team.  So with my lone night in NYC, I opted to take in a baseball game at Yankees Stadium.   And it was AWESOME. The new park is beautiful; I so wish I could have seen the old one, but the new one is so well done, I can't complain too much. I will complain about the crazy prices for good beer.  $9.50 is stupid expensive.  A 12 oz Coors Light for $6?  Eh, still overpriced, even for a ball park. If you're a baseball fan, you've got to come to Yankees Stadium.  The energy of the crowd is something else!  I really loved it!
Haters say what you will, this place rules.  I loved the old Yankee stadium for its grit, charm, history, and nostalgia but the new one is glorious. Things are expensive and probably even more than most ball parks but it's worth it.   I got my dad tickets in the Jim Beam suite and it was great views and great value for the money.  The game rained and was almost a rain out and I cried.  Luckily they played but lost to the stupid Red Sox.  Jim Beam seats are comfy and they have an area inside with free snacks and food and a bar inside.   Everything is top notch and you can get casual and expensive food.  I didn't get a chance to take a tour but I'd love to do that.  We checked out the memorabilia and I enjoyed seeing Steinbrenner quotes. Cabs to and from the city are ridic so take the B, D, or 6 trains.   Love this place and I'll be baaaaaaack.
Even though I loved the older Stadium better, I love this stadium. I'm not just saying this because I'm a huge Yankee fan. The layout is amazing. The food and drinks are pricey but that applies to all sport stadium. I go to a Yankee game every time in town during the summer. I usually go with family and friends. Always a great expwrience!
The new stadium has a lot more walking area, places to see, and eat, and view is significantly better with televisions that allow for close-ups and replay viewing. Food is better with more variety. The museum is really not that hard to access as we went an hour before a Saturday game a few weeks back, for the 4th time this year, and we went right in. Hard Rock is small and unimpressive as Hard Rock's go. Beer varies in price from $7 to $12 depending on brand and import. Shops are fun to browse and food delivery to your seat (free if you are a MC holder as they sponsor NYY) is nice. Architecturally aesthetically pleasing. Cleaner facility than most ballparks. Jeter retires this year!
Went to the game tonight to see the Yankees play the Braves.  At first I was not too impressed with the new stadium.  It sounds like they didn't need to build this thing in the first place but whatever....it is what it is.  As we cruised around the stadium I warmed up to it.   Highlights of Yankee Stadium - Easy to get to. - Decent priced nose bleed seats and excellent SRO spots to watch right behind home plate/first/third base.   - Yankees museum which had a TON of cool stuff to look at. - The crowd going apeshit when Derek Jeter came to the plate with the bases loaded.  A  "Lets go Jeter" chant started and you could feel the energy in the stadium start to change.  Sure enough, Jeter lines a ball past 2nd base for a 2 run single to put the Yankees ahead.  I haven't experienced that type of "buzz" in a regular season game for one player in quite some time, if ever!  It was cool to be a part of. - Buying a mini Yankee helmet with Dippin Dots in it as my souvenir. - Being 2 blocks away from my cousins house who I haven't seen in 10 years and having him meet us outside the stadium and give us a walking tour of the Bronx and back to our car. Awesome times!
While it pains me to give the home of the Yankees a better review than Citi Field, I have no choice but to concede that the men in pinstripes have a new ballpark that looks and feels like home, unlike the Metropolitans. Say what you will about ticket prices and the cost of a cold one, but they have definitely recreated the old Yankee Stadium in fine fashion. Unlike the Mets' new stadium, Yankee Stadium already feels steeped in tradition and lore. Admittedly, I was there for Yankees/Red Sox, but the place was rockin', even during a bone-chilling rain that rusted my joints and stayed in my toes for hours. The place wins major points for paying tribute to the team's admittedly storied history (and yet I must add: ew. I hate the Yankees). There is no mistaking whose stadium you are in, even if this ballpark is shiny new and beautiful. It also totally trounces Citi Field in terms of design, as the concourses open directly onto the seats. The exception of course is the Mohegan Sun eyesore in center field (bad form for creating obstructed views in the bleachers!). That being said, where Yankee Stadium totally fails, is in affordability and in its concessions. The art gallery and mall of team stores behind home plate are utterly ridiculous and have no place at a ballpark. Sure, there should be a place that sells hats and jerseys, but why does it need glass walls and a fancy display? The Mets are guilty on this charge to a lesser degree, but their merch stores aren't quite so pretentiously shiny or prominently displayed. On even worse note, the beers are a total rip off, the $10 sandwich I got from Mike's Deli was a cold and flavorless fascimilie of "Da True Bronx Tale" served up on Arthur Avenue with the bonus of a major price mark up. Ultimately, both stadiums are giant corporate behemoths, and they don't cater to the fans. Even Yankee Stadium, which does its best to represent the team's past, is clearly all about the money-- the term "franchise" has never seemed so applicable. How can either ballpark merit more than two stars when they do so little to please the average customer and most loyal fans?
Although I am a die hard SF Giants fan, I accompanied my wife to watch her beloved Yankees.  After we stepped off the the subway train, it was just steps from the stadium which was super convenient.  We entered the stadium and I was immediately in awe.  I've been to several MLB stadiums, but Yankee stadium impressed me right off the bat (pardon the pun).  Every true baseball fan has some secret admiration for the Yankees - you know it's true!  At any rate, I was immediately enveloped by the Yankee aura with the people and their NYC accents, being surrounded in all that Yankee blue, NYC cops all over the place, and of course all the Yankee signage everywhere.   The stadium has more of a mall feel with a baseball field much like Chase Field in Phoenix (sans retractable roof).  Since the sun was beating down on us pretty hard on the third base side of the house, we decided to do some shopping.  First we sat down and had some authentic Chinese noodles (chop sticks and all) and a couple of Boba tea drinks.  We then made our rounds to all the stores within the stadium and the wife spent some good coin on some Yankees garb (the kids would've never forgiven us if we didn't come back with something from Yankee stadium).  Before you know it, it was the seventh inning and we now had shade.  So we sat back down in our section by third base and enjoyed the rest of the game.  My wife was very happy to see Mr. Jeter that day and all was right in the world.  Awesome experience, awesome stadium, awesome day!
Experiencing a game at Yankee Stadium aka The Evil Empire was another check off of my stadium tour bucket list. Yankee Stadium is just four years old. It is built in the tradition of the old Yankee Stadium. However, despite the relative newness, it lacked in certain features you'd expect from a multi-million dollar ballpark, especially coming from the league's highet paid franchise. For instance, the bleacher seats in right-center, are great to watch the action, but are horrible to see the multiple big screen scoreboards. Even in stadiums as old as Wrigley Field to more state-of-the-art ones like Miller Park, you can see the scoreboard from virtually every seat in the house. The lack of scoreboard view was frequently distracted by how much the Yankee beloved were into the game, which made the overall experience that much more enjoyable. The one absolute stand-out is the overall friendliness of the ballpark staff. Everyone is extremely polite, and set a certain standard that other ballparks should follow. Being a ballpark foodie, I expect a lot out of the options available. Actually, let's rephrase that, I expect a lot out of the hot dogs, being the quintessential ball park food choice. Yankee Stadium totes Hebrew National foot-long hot dogs. Yes, you get a lot of dog, but that's about it. Overall, it was an awesome experience to see the Yankees, the team that holds the most championships in baseball, at Yankee Stadium.
Born in the Bronx and mostly a Yankee fan, I say mostly because I don't watch every game my review is not biased, I swear lol. The pros of Yankee stadium : the Yankee players of course(my fav player Cano),it's a new stadium and it has a lot of high tech stuff like the huge scoreboard,the Yankee fans who bleed blue you can especially notice this if you sit in the bleachers.  I recommend no I urge you not to sit in  the bleachers if you are a Boston fan,the bleachers creachers along with everyone else will shout you out throughout the game then again if you don't mind this go ahead.  If you're a yankee fan you will def enjoy yourself in the bleachers, the fans here shout at the players all the time and keep the game fun.   Now the cons: I told you my review wasn't biased.  Having been to other stadiums like PNC,Fenway,Citizens park, I have to admit Yankee stadium does not do enough to make it overall great.  For example I've been twice and I haven't seen no live performances like they did in Philly(they had a live band and some guys that are called the top hat dancers that might have been PNC) not to mention the philly phanatic I love that guy he's silly but either way Yankee stadium zero entertainment .  I get it were NY big and bad ,and people are always going to come regardless. But come on you're killing me here.  Second con  you can't  get as close to the players as let's say O's ballpark, where I seen Derek Jeter give a girl a baseball bat just because she said it was her bday,where I got an autograph from MIchael Kay and took the opportunity to ask for Cano"s number no he didn't give it up.  The whole museum type feel of Yankee stadium I hate it,it doesn't feel like a family place to me, no I don't have kids but still baseball is a sport meant to be enjoyed with the whole family and Yankee stadium is not it.  I paid 38 dollars  to sit in the bleachers for this same price I went to PNC and sat 5 rows behind the dugout again you're kiling me.  Even with all the complaining I love the Yankees and will continue to sell my soul just to go to their games.
It's always been my dream growing up to go to the Yankees stadium, so yeah my review might be a little one sided but hey it's worth a read. And although this isn't the old stadium it was still an amazing experience. As I had my ticket scanned to get in, the first thing I saw was NY gluten free grill , I was almost in tears, could this day get more perfect. Beer and hot dogs at the stadium and all gluten free. I was in heaven. We quickly grab our things and went up to our seats, even though we were in the 414 section, we still had a great view. The stadium is clean and easy to get there My piece of advice though, is if you don't want to wait to get on the subway for an hour after the game, leave at the 8th inning.
This is probably one of the toughest reviews I have had to write. I am a Yankees fan even so much that when the Red Socks bought my soccer team Liverpool, I gave up Liverpool for the Yankees honor. But I am not a fan of the stadium. I have been lucky that every time I have gone I have had amazing seats where I could see the entire thing, and it has a huge screen which is nice with my eyesight but I can not help like some have already written, somehow the place just seem sterile. It is just grey concrete walls and paths and besides from the photos there is no history, no personality to the place and that is something you expect of a place that is for sporting events. I have spent a lot of time here, both as a spectator of the game, to see the museum and I have even touched the grass which I admit was a bit thrilling but I just do not like the design of the place and I do not like that I have to loose my entire months of savings if I want a beer at a game, that is not cool. I do not understand why the concessions have to cost an arm and a leg. I sort of understand the need for an upgrade in the facilities and I do like the museum and monument park but was it worth it for loosing the old stadium and that personality? I wish I had been in the country to experience the old stadium.
also went here for the cubs yanks preseason game on saturday. here are my two cents since all the previous reviewers covered the new additions and upgrades. first thing i noticed when i walked into the new yankee stadium was a fruit cart. yes, a fruit cart, i didnt even know what to think about that. (2 bananas for $3). the inside is so open and its a much bigger improvement. on the 200 level there's only the same food as the old one, popcorn, soda, beer, pizza, hotdogs although there is a new sausage cart. downstairs on the 100 level is apparently where the new, 'good' food is. also to note, you can buy an entire pie of pizza now and they give it to you in a real pizza box. crazy. as for the field, honestly to me, it really feels like the old one from the inside, except the centerfield grandstand has been replaced by large black windows (i think there's a restaurant in there). they still have some kinks to work out (i.e. not taking credit card, service too slow, lines blocking the aisles,) but yankee stadium will get to being full operational in a month or so. good times
I've been to all the best baseball stadiums across the country, it's something I try to do when I travel for work. I've been to Dodger Stadium, Fenway Park, Wrigley Field, AT&T Park in San Francisco, etc... Being a resident of the NYC area, I loved the old Yankee Stadium and was sad to see it go. It had so much charm to it and when the games were important, that place was loud as hell. The new park is very nice, with many amenities the old stadium just couldn't incorporate, but it's a bit soulless. When it gets loud, the sound doesn't stay or echo the way it did in the old building. The best seats are all moated off with a concrete barrier, and they cost hundreds of dollars for even the most meaningless of games. This price-point reflects the time before the recession when the Yankees were perennial winners, but times have changed and the Yankees are finding out that they need to change too. The vacant seats behind home plate make its appear on television that no one goes to the games, when that isn't entirely true. The bleachers are still packed and you can go to a game and never actually sit in your designated seat because there are restaurants and bars you can watch the game from. The best part about the new building is there's a panoramic rotunda where if you don't mind standing you can watch the game from any viewpoint behind the ground seats. My advice would be to do that if you want a great view. I hate the Red Sox and think Yankee fans are the best in the world, but I have to tip my hat to them for keeping their classic building.
Epic. I don't know what I was expecting when I finally made it to the new Yankee Stadium, but it was a towering shrine to baseball. I feel bad for the opposing teams who roll up to the stadium for the first time because it certainly looks and feels intimidating. Though the design is different from the Midwest stadiums I love so much, it is unique and special. Our crew decided to act like high rollers and drop what I consider "significant cash" on our seats, which might be why they were so darn comfortable - a nice little cushion for the gluteus maximus. My only major complaint was the cost of the beer. Holy heck, $9.50 for a 16oz bottle of Bud Light? Ugh. I tried to balance out the cost with a $3 kid's hot dog, which wasn't the worst. All of the staff members I encountered were courteous and professional. Our visit to the stadium was a memorable one and I was a proud to be a friend of the "Crumple Committee" who learned the hard way not to ball up their tickets. Plus, the big bonus was that the good guys won - go Tigers! (Awww, snap. Didn't see that one coming, huh?)
Finally headed back to Yankee Stadium last night to check out the game with the Tampa Bay Rays. They are on the come up right now and these young lions are hungry, they are trying to eat like the Yankees have been eating for years. *The section I was in was the Audi Club.  I was at the left fielder's side with a great view of the pitcher and home plate area.  Yankees Audi Club is basically a great indoor seating area with a great all-you-can-eat buffet with pretty high end food. I am not the biggest baseball fan anymore but WOW, got the chance to experience the Audi Club once again.  Now that is some good living, you get to eat and drink (non-alcohol) pretty much everything and anything before the game and during.  They stop serving at the seventh inning.  I got my fill of Prime Rib of Beef, Peel and eat cold Shrimps, some salmon and spicy tuna roll sushi, Fresh Grilled Salmon, also Red velvet cupcakes, Thai Chicken salad, Fried Popcorn Chicken Bites,  Ice cream, potato chips and even Cracker Jack candy if you wished.   So food wise this is all a great experience.  I did kind of feel not in the same gametime atmosphere I mean you don't get to hear some of the stadium chants and the YMCA song.   I have never said I am a Yankee fan anymore but this was a great experience once again.   Tampa Bay put up more of a fight and won the game last night 6 to 4.  Fernando Rodney came in and got his 5 out save and did his signature ARROW TO THE SKY move at Yankee Stadium once again.  Tampa overall has some good hitters in the lineup, Desmond Jennings, B.J Upton, Evan Longoria and even though on paper the Yankees are better.  The Rays took it to them last night on Septemeber 14th.  Nothing else I could really do, no time right now to go to NY Mets games, they really suck.
How exciting that my first game here was Yankees vs. Red Sox!!! I've never been to the old stadium so I have no basis for comparison, but I thought this version was spectacular on so many levels. We bought tickets a few hours before the game so we were pretty high up, but the view of the players was still fantastic. There are bathrooms & food stands everywhere so it never felt crowded. (We got cheesesteaks & they were a-ok!) The only place that would be a clautrophobe's nightmare is the Yankee's merchandise store, where  people are let in a few at a time & even then, it is a circus inside. The jumbotron (is that what it's called?!) is humongous & showed a crisp, clear picture. A block or two away from a couple of subway lines. Lots of fun, even for someone like me who knows zero about any sport.
I don't usually Yelp anything besides restaurants, supermarkets, or places of business, but thought I'd write about the new Yankee Stadium, which we "visited" on May 23, 2009. We parked at the River Avenue garage (we purchased our spot online) and walked under the "El train" and studied the surroundings. Yankee logos, pretzel and hotdog stands, paraphernalia shops, quick-eat places, and sports bars abound, and it was just great walking around the area. Believe it or not, the area looks a lot cleaner than it used to. When I lived in the Bronx, I went to all the home games, as my best friend's father worked at the stadium and got us in for free. We just used to bounce from seat to seat and usually ended up right behind the Yankee dugout. Everything looks beautiful when it's new, of course, but to me, the new Yankee Stadium isn't exactly the House that Ruth Built. Right now, to me it's only an infrastructure that happens to be the new home of the Bronx Bombers....do they still call them that? Nice, clean façade. No graffiti thus far. Pictures of old and new stars wherever you turn. Two zillion Yankee logos. One million concession stands selling everything from the old standby peanuts and Cracker Jacks, Nathan's hot dogs, cotton candy, and beer, to the newer favorites such as sushi and Carvel Ice Cream. There's even a stand that sells fruit (I couldn't believe it) and another that sells salads. Strange to see this at a ballpark, but also nice they offer this kind of fare for the health-conscious.  Of course, all these foods are quite expensive, with a hot dog, fries, and drink setting us back almost $19. Ouch! The place also has a very corporate feel (logos and ads all over the place) rather than the warm and fuzzy feel of the old stadium. The door to Monument Park literally closed right in front of us, but we did get a chance to walk around the inside of the stadium. Views are amazing wherever you go, but we were surprised that we couldn't get close to the field or dugouts to take pictures; the "guards" wouldn't let us through because our tickets were for a different location. Yankee Stadium touts the best technology of any ballpark in the US, but it will take a while to "enable" everything. At some point, people will be able to order food from a handheld device (you may be able to do that in the premium seats already) and talk to other fans from a handheld device. There's even discussion of video screens behind each seat, which I think is a vandalism disaster waiting to happen. I personally would not like to see "MK loves so-and-so" etched onto a monitor. Our seats were made of heavy-duty blue plastic with metal, and we did notice the paint chipped off already, with rust poking through. Some of the concrete stairs had small chunks taken off the front from wear and tear. Umm. Not so much wear and tear thus far. The most interesting thing was that there were many stadium ambassadors holding signs that said, "How can we help you?" The signage throughout the stadium isn't so good, so having these people around was a nice touch. I didn't have the chance to check out the restrooms, but I assume they weren't spotless or made of marble. My take is that the techno part of the stadium will be great, but I'm a purist who prefers the simple hotdogs, peanuts, and Cracker Jacks, and old wooden seats. Sometimes simple is better. However, I am hoping that this stadium becomes the House that Rivera, Damon, Jeter, and A-Rod Built. Looking forward to having the Yankees win many more pennants and World Series rings. Go, Yankees!
Was looking for a baseball stadium but found a mausoleum.  Yankees Stadium lacks character.  Mets stadium farther south much warmer, charming and amenity laden.
This is a very clean stadium. Seating was pretty good and clean. Staff was able to help and Answer questions when needed. I'm from LA and was very impress with the stadium!
It's a really nice stadium. The stands sell different types of alcohol and provide different types of cups.  My friend wanted a specific beer in hers and she wanted the souvenier cup too.  No place served them together.  She lucked out.  Good thing I'm not picky.  I drank my budlight and got my cup.  Too bad I forgot my cup in NY! Ugh
I went to Yankee Stadium a little earlier in the season.  I just wasn't aware that you could review stadiums on here.  Anyway, it's a great place to watch a game, and that's coming from a Red Sox fan.  It doesn't have all of the charm of Fenway, but I definitely enjoyed it.
We went to Yankee Stadium to see the Giants vs Yankees (we are SF fans).  The stadium was great.  The stadium is full of history and really not a bad seat in the house.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I had a  polish sausage and beer, which was great and the line moved quickly!  Overall, great experience.
All I have to say Is Meh. I am a met fan enough said.
I had complimentary tickets from my sisters company to watch the red sox vs yankees. The seats were good and I was still able to see the game clearly. I took the train up here which was pretty convenient and easy for locals and tourist. Just take the 4 train up to 161st, Yankee stadium. Get out of the train walk less then half a block and you are there! The stadium is huge, directions were easy to get to my seats and the facilities were clean. Staffs were nice. Concerts, Stadiums, Museums.. and etc is always pricey no matter what. That's a known fact. BUT YOU NEED TO TRY OUT THEIR GARLIC CHEESE FRIES!
I didn't get to check out old Yankee Stadium but this park is exactly what you'd expect out of the home of the Yankees. It's expensive of course but you have a good view of the field even from the upper deck. Everything is first class and has this "corporate" feel that sort of embodies the Yankees, along with reminders of their success over the years. The free Monument Park and Yankees Museum are both worth checking out. I'm not a Yankees fan but if you appreciate baseball they both are must see attractions. The staff were friendly and professional, more so than at some other parks. This place is easy to get to via the subway, even for a first time visitor to NY. The food is pretty decent by ballpark standards and they have a mild or hot Italian sausage option. I enjoyed my visit here and this is a must see for any baseball fan. Even as non-Yankees fan I'm not sure any other team can top being able to play Sinatra's "New York, New York" after wins. Makes everyone else's song seem pretty lame.
Okay...let's get this over with. I am a Phillies fan and am in still in mourning over our World Series loss. I live ten minutes outside of center city Philly. We were fortunate to get 3 tixs to see game 2 in the Bronx @ the new digs. Parking at 6:30 for the 8:00 game was a breeze...thank you google for all your tips. This was an incredible experience and I am not referring to our loss. Upon arrival we were seriously outnumbered and highly visible as we were dressed in pure Phillies red. People laughed and joked at us,  and with us, but we walked with Cliff Lee confidence! From the ticket taker to the fans around us we were treated golden; aside from getting the finger from a six-year old New Yorker....what can I say...they start 'em young. Sure we had a few people yell some choice words, but for the most part everyone was very nice. Onto the food....Jimmy's BBQ Pulled Pork w/Slaw. Wow, like reality check?!  Like am I really in a ballpark??? Sure $10 bucks was a bit expensive, but truly one of the better coleslaw's I 've had and I love my slaw and the BBQ dip was as rich & tasty as the Yank's payroll. My guess is they make everything fresh game day...it all tasted divine. I was a bit put off by the ginormous Bud Light presence. If I was from another planet and did not know better I would have thought the home team was called Bud Light. Even though the Yankees are now the World Series champions, I took note and uploaded the photo of the "Carl's Cheesesteaks" sign....we may not be the reigning world champions, and we certainly do not have Jimmy's Pulled BBQ Pork, but we do have the best cheesesteaks....sorry "Carl".
MY FIRST YANKEE GAME EVER!!!! It was so cool. The new stadium is beautiful and easy to get to if you take the train (plus you are allowed to bring beer...on the train that is). We got seats in the bleacher section which was the best idea ever. It was rowdy, fun, loud and full of great rivalry (the Yankees were playing the Mets). I will never sit in another section again...I guess that made me a "Bleacher Creature" for just an afternoon. Be prepared to spend the money (I dropped $94 at the souvenir store....2 toddler caps, a toddler Derek Jeter shirt and an little cheer leading outfit. The monkeys were so excited) but it was completely worth it.
We just got home from seeing joel osteen tonite and he was excellent.   The manner in which the "exodus" from the garage across from gate 8 was conducted, was a sin.   It took us an hour to reach the promised land (the street).   We will work on letting go of our negative feelings toward Yankee stadium.
What can i say its yankee stadium. Traveled to NY for a vacation and what do you know the red sox are in town!!! One of the people with us on vacation is in a wheelchair. We planned this trip months in advance and we contacted the yankees for wheelchair accessible seats. We had to send a letter via postal mail with the request. 2 weeks later we had 4 tickets lower level in handicapped section. As soon as we got off the subway and onto yankee stadium pavement we were escorted by a yankee employee who walked us right in through the gates first class service and were very helpful on anything we needed. The game was great, the crowd was even better and the rivalry was intense. I wore a circa 2001 diamondbacks jersey to this game and caught zero flack from anyone. Was expected to hear some trash talking but i am pretty sure they were more worried about boston fans. Had a Nathan's hot dog that they put some crappy onion sauce mixture  on it and it really disappointed me. Prices were reasonable ($10 beers in souvenir cups). Bathrooms were good for wheelchair access and so was the rest of the facility. Overall a 5 star stadium for the biggest baseball franchise in america. Shame i never got to attend a game at the original yankee stadium,
Since I'm a fan of the OTHER NY baseball team, I obviously spend a lot more time at Citi Field than I do at Yankee Stadium. We went to a Yankees game last week on Snoopy bobblehead giveaway night mainly because I love Snoopy. This was our second time at the new Yankee Stadium and it was pretty much the way I remembered it-- hugely impressive but just not my style. To me, the stadium feels cold, uninviting and rather impersonal. On the other hand, as a baseball fan, I have to appreciate the rich Yankee history and you can't go to Yankee Stadium without visiting Monument Park. Make sure you go as soon as you arrive at the stadium and go early because they limit the number of ppl who are allowed in at one time and they close off the area before 1st pitch. Even if you are not a fan of the team, it's still cool to see the busts of famous Yankees and check out their achievements. New Yankee Stadium has a ton of great concessions-- Brother Jimmy's BBQ, Carl's Steaks, Johnny Rockets, Nathan's Famous and other standard baseball fare. The highlight for me is Lobel's of New York which features hand-carved steak sandwiches with gravy. Lobel's usu has a long line so after checking out Monument Park, make sure you head to Lobel's for some grub. Another thing I love about Yankee Stadium is the excitement that the fans bring to the game. After every strike thrown or ball taken, the fans will cheer on their team. You could tell that the fans were clearly paying close attention to the game and rooting on their players. I wish we had that kind of committment at Citi Field! We had seats in the bleachers and got to experience the "Bleacher Creatures" up close and personal. The Bleacher Creatures are a group of fans of the Yankees who sit in the bleachers at every home game. They are known for their unwavering loyalty and their unrelenting attitude to opposing fans. The group's nickname was coined by NY Daily News columnist Filip "Flip" Bondy after he spent a season sitting with the group for research on his book-- Bleeding Pinstripes: A Season with the Bleacher Creatures of Yankee Stadium. As usual, the Bleacher Creatures started out the game with the Roll Call, in which they chant each Yankee starter's name, stomp their feet, and clap their hands in unison until the player acknowledges the group with either a tip of their cap, a wave, etc. My favorite moment was when Nick Swisher, known for being a good-natured, down to earth kind of guy, turned around and blew a kiss to the group. It was awesome to see this type of love shown to the fans. One of the things I like best about Citi Field is that there are no "bad" seats. I can't say the same about Yankee Stadium. Depending on where you sit in the bleachers, you can't see the whole baseball field. We were in RF and while we had a good view of Nick Swisher, we couldn't see past the Mohegan Sun Sports Bar and the only glimpse we had of Ichiro Suzuki in LF was on these monitors that they have by the bleachers. I highly recommend visiting the new Yankee Stadium! The atmosphere is awesome and the fans are great! Now ask me again how I feel about the fans when the Yanks are playing the Mets.. (=
MAN!! as a long time Yankee hater and after visiting over 10 MLB parks I hate saying that Yankee Stadium might be as good as it gets. I am writing this as someone that pays a lot for sporting event tickets annually so, if you are looking for a good deal on good seats you will not find that here. However if you are fortunate enough to sit on lower level in the infield you will experience the most posh seats comfortable seats in sports. You most likely will have a hostess taking orders and if you go to the bathroom you will have no problem finding a toilet. The food is very reasonable for ballpark fare and the 2 team stores are pretty market value priced compared to other parks like (Fenway and AT&T that have inflated prices) The concourses are huge and you can see the field from anywhere. The subway stop is right outside the park. Get here early if you want to see monument park!!
5 stars because I love the Yankees and the bathrooms are clean 3 stars because of the obscene prices 4 star average Its huge. While architecturally it is a little sterile and reminds me of a Roman coliseum (which I guess is appropriate considering the massacre that occurred at the 7pm game on July 30, 2011) there isn't a bad place to be in the house (the game is even piped into the bathrooms so you don't' have to miss a thing). The bathrooms are remarkably clean considering that there is 50,000+ people there at any given game. The Metro North line has a stop right near the stadium so that is awesome. I really want to go on one of the tours, but there wasn't one going on while I was there. The Will Call line moves way too slowly and they should have more queues set up and more windows to move it along. But the people walking around to help. the folks behind the ticket windows, the beer concession ladies and the seat attendants are all really friendly and helpful. I didn't encounter a single abrasive person (and I talk to every one, particularly after I've had a few beers). Everything is obscenely expensive. From the tickets to the hot dogs to the fries to the beers, but I guess you have to think of it as an evening's long vacation although I can't help but feeling like someone is laughing at me for being stupid enough to pay those prices. There is a discount for MasterCard holders for Saturday night games which are pretty significant and allow me to justify an $11 bud light in a souvenir cup and a $9 hot dog (it was delicious and everything I had been dreaming about that week).
Beautiful stadium.  We had great seats in section 211 - shady on a sunny September afternoon.  Everything was new, clean and well thought out!  They sold a lot of food (to us and everyone else) at the expensive prices, but as I was sitting there I thought, 'couldn't they sell a LOT more food if they just lowered the prices a little bit??'  I'd like to try the Mohegan Sun bar next time.
I'm a die-hard Yankee fan, so I love coming to home games when I can. Since this is Jeter's last season, I had to come see him play at home. While Yankee Stadium isn't my favorite baseball stadium, I do love how they've laid out all of the Yankees history through out the stadium. There are so many great moments in Yankees history and you can see them all around the stadium. Monument park and the museum are fantastic as well, but they get quite busy very quickly. I haven't been to either of them in the new stadium since it's only open for so long before the game, not during. I'll have to make my way there during a weekday game to check it out. They have pretty standard food options, and of course there's NYY Steak. It's a big attraction there, but there are plenty of other options if that's not your style. It won't be the same without Jeter, but I still can't wait to come to another game here next season.
Made my 2nd trip here after recently relocating back to NYC. Huge baseball fan, been to over half the stadiums in the country. Sunday day game vs TOR, $50 for upper deck. $12 beers. That's ok, fine. What really bothered me was later in the game, around the 5th inning - the stadium is nearly empty, and yet they don't allow fans to filter down into the good seats, and even prohibit you from standing behind the railing. Tons of security people for that purpose alone. Plus the body search to get in the stadium is like going through customs. Why would the usher need to "see my phone"? Won't be going back unless I get a cheap ticket.
If you're a Yankees fan, I don't see what could go wrong with being at the Yankees Stadium watching them kick ass. I've been to the old stadium as well as to the new one and even though the old stadium was bigger and had more seats, the new one isn't too bad. At the old stadium, I got box seats and was sitting right behind home plate. At the new stadium, I got bleacher seats and it was a bit weird because people started just sitting anywhere and not paying attention to seat numbers (there were pretty much no numbers, you just sit) but it wasn't a problem though cause we were all in it for the game. Now the feeling you get from just being at the stadium and cheering along with the rest of the millions of fans out there is just indescribable, the intensity is just huge! You'll have to really be at one of the games to feel for yourself the spirit of all the Yankees fans there, so I can't really describe it to you that much.. Anyways, as a plus, Mick Foley (Mankind) was also at the game the last time I went and they kept showing his face on the Titantron! I went nuts! What a neat little surprise! My only complaint here is that like all other sports games, the food here is incredibly expensive. One cup of soda costs like six bucks and one bag of Cracker Jacks at least 5. I don't even even remember, but they were ridiculous. Great way to make business though. Oh yeah, and the Yankees won both times I went. Sweeeeeet.
As Guido C. Put and I was thinking and I quote him "I mean, it's Yankee Stadium! - You are going to have a good time because it is a baseball game. - Your are going to bitch about the prices ($6 for a hot dog and $7 for fries). - You are going to think the staudium is beautiful. - You are going to get annoyed with the long bathroom lines if you are a woman. As always, I enjoyed the game and the overpriced food and drinks! Let's go Yankees!"..... (Guido C.) Common Folks it's The Yankees.... the most recognized sports franchise in the world. Second to none. Where legends have played and hero's have been born. Top Notch Facility.
Get pregame $1.75 tall boy beers at the deli next to burger King on 161 and Walton (they brown bag it AND give you a straw) or stop in at the liquor store and get some small bottles to sneak in. And that's your baseball boozehound tip! After seeing all but 7 ballparks, new Yankee Stadium is one of, if not THE best ballpark out there. For starters the staff there is super curteous, from the ticket takers to the ushers. The food choices were numerous and suprisngly affordable when compared to other parks. $6.75 for a foot long hot dog, $5 for a huge pizza slice, $6 for a "normal" beer, and even a $3 soda that's perfect to chase the booze you snuck in. The stadium itself is spacious and beautiful. I love how they divided the levels so each level has an open concourse (view the game as you buy stuff). I never had to wait to use the bathroom. There are a ton of food vendors. The video board is massive and their show is solid. Great music, great videos, a baseball show for a baseball crowd. And I have to compliment Yankees fans. Even when I wear my Tampa Bay gear, they are never insulting or rude. In fact, they're somewhat friendly. Crazy, right? Maybe it was because we knocked 5 solo homers off CC that night. Thanks for the meatballs, fatty! The only thing ballparks like San Fran and Colorado have that NY doesn't is a stellar view. And just admit it, Old Yankee stadium was dumpy!
There is nothing like walking up to the grand Yankee stadium and taking in the beauty and the size of it! There are many lines to go in and it goes pretty quickly to have your ticket scanned and then you're in! The great hall is beautiful with pictures of Yankee greats hanging and a huge screen playing the game all night. The whole stadium has memorabilia placed throughout which really shows the teams' history. There is a Yankees museum located on the main level with an entire wall of signed basesballs of Yankee greats. Yankees monument park is something you have to see, displaying so much history of some of the greatest players to ever play the game of baseball. Although the stadium does a great job at showing tradition, some parts of the stadium are kind of dull looking with a lot of concrete and not much color. The bathrooms have definitely improved since the old stadiums, they have much more stalls and are always fairly clean. There are many choices of things to eat although you will pay way more than you want to for a damn hotdog! I actually really enjoy the Carl's cheesesteaks and I always love Nathan's cheese fries! I have sat in many different sections of this stadium and even once had a chance to sit in legends seats! The seats that are closer to field level are cushioned and definitely very comfy. You can get good priced tickets when they aren't playing teams that are that popular and also by searching on different websites to buy your tickets. No matter where you sit you can watch their jumbotron- it is massive!! They play fun games during the innings and are always playing fun music as well. A game can also be like a party! Parking can be tough, you have to definitely park in a lot. There are many public transportation options as well but it can be a pain to get on the packed subways when the games are over. The area isn't that great and I once saw someone get arrested a block away from the stadium, that was definitely interesting! Going to Yankee stadium and seeing this amazing team is New York tradition! I will forever be a Yankee fan and I can't wait to make more amazing memories here!
My review is more for the operations side of Yankee stadium. During a recent game, due to circumstances beyond my control or, Yankee Stadium's control for that matter, one of the two seats I purchased was unavailable for me to use. I was a bit furious. Although I was in the grandstands, I had specifically selected these two Row 1 seats. I'll skip the details of every event that took place.... Basically I had to go to guest relations and they refused to upgrade my seat, move me, refund my money, etc. After arguing, waiting in lines for customer service people, I demanded to speak to the supervisor. Keep in mind we were missing the first few innings of the game... After about 20 minutes, she told us to follow her. Lower and lower towards the field we went. Before long, we were sitting in the first section between home and third plate in the main seating level! Amazing Overall, not impressed with how the lower ranking staff handled my complaint (minus a star) but once the management became involved and understood I had a legitimate case, they acted appropriately to exceed any reasonable expectations to amend the situation. I was blown away they actually comped two of the best seats in the stadium just to make it right, which is how it should be! Kudos to Yankee Stadium guest service management for doing the right thing!
I was lucky enough to experience Yankee Stadium before it was torn down - going back to New York to visit friends I wanted to see the new stadium to see how it compares - quite frankly I was in awe of their ability to maintain the tradition in a totally new, clean, and beautiful venue. Bigger, better, more navigable than the old Yankee Stadium and built just next door - I simply can't give it 5 stars for one reason - they made me check my briefcase at a freakin' bowling alley! I'm not a Yankees fan - I'm not really even much of a baseball fan, but I love the heritage of the game and the "feel" of old Yankee Stadium was magic - here is hoping the new breed of Yankees can rekindle that sort of magic in New Yankees Stadium - the city deserves it. Cheers, also, to the INSANE subway ride from 21st street to the Bronx - I'd STRONGLY recommend it for any out-of-towner.
Yankee stadium on Labor day this past summer, and the best $15 sandwitch I ever had. So far this winter we have had six snow storms in the North East.  So while I'm sitting here freezing my ass off, and worrying if I can go to work tomorrow (where I planned on originally typing this).  I decided to flash back to happier warmer times.  When snow and ice were a distant memory, we always forget about it in the middle of the summer. So lets flashback to that nice warm Labor Day. My step brother called me weeks before to ask if I wanted to go to the game with the family.  I should have known then I was gonna be in for intresting day.  After scoreing the day off from work.  If you know where I work for the majority of the year, you would know how much of a task that is on a holiday in the summer.  I said yes into going. My day started out missing the first train to the city.  My step brother is always late to events.  So this set back wasn't a suprise to me at all. Seriously I do love riding the train.  I spent a good amount of my college career traveling between NJ and RI.  They give you time to think and Amtrak has some pretty good food.  Sadly this wasn't amtrak, but good old NJ transit.  Even if they offered food I would never dream of eating it.  So I sat back and enjoyed the view. Once we got to the city and navigated the Subway system ( not as nice of a view).  We arrived at the New famed Yankee stadium.  Once going in I realized how we got such a great deal on the tickets.  They were bleachers seats, which was fine.  Execept the half of our party was were retirees.  I didn't sit long and quite honestly could care less about the game.  I wanted to explore the stadium and its wonder of culinary delights. So off I went on my journey with my step brother and girl friend in tow.  One of the first places we walked past was Lobel's of New York. My step bro told me the prime rib sandwitch was $15.00 a piece.  I always have been intrigued by those food items that are expensive.  So I knew I already made up my mind.  Plus the smell was very inticing it self.  We walked the whole food area, and the rest of the party made the choices.  I made my way back to Lobel's and waited to surrender my $15 for this sandwitch.  I have to tell you the servers were not the most happeist in the world, and we definently lacking in guest service skills. Once I got that sandwitch in my hands and took my bite.  I was instantly thrusted into heaven.  I didn't mind that I was standing while eating.  I don't remember  the conversation that was going on around me.   And I even didn't mind the annoying little kids running around me playing tag.  Each bite got better and better.  They had this horsradish sauce that I added to the sandwitch just enhanced the taste.  You couldn't eat this sandwitch like a normal sandwitch.  It requires you to use a fork due to how messy it is.  The meat just melts in your mouth with the sauce.  And by far the best part of the sandwitch is the bread at the bottom.  With all the juices from the meat and the sauces mixed together it is one of the greatest things I have ever tasted. After we ate I sat down to watch some of the game.  Where I saw another fellow fan, with a pile of fries soaked in what smelled like garlic butter.  I looked at my step brother and we knew we had to try these.  The game was one sided any way and boring.  So we followed our nose and went on the hunt.  Which took us on a few different levels of the stadium.  Finally we found them at a stand named Carl's.  We split a small order with cheese.  I took my first bite and immediately felt my heart clog up.  It tasted great but I know that my stomach wouldn't be able to handle this attack.  So I let my brother and other members of the group enjoy it.  Also I had to purchase atleast 1 beer which set me back another $10. I don't remember who won the game or even who they played.  But I will always remember the tastes of that day.  The way home was rather uneventfull.  With the exception of my brother making us get off the subway to early and walking 22 city blocks.  And a very sleepy train ride home.  I have to say that the food at Yankee Stadium is definetly Fat Kid tested Fat Kid approve.  Hopefully I will feel the warmth of the season soon, but until then. As always Stay peekish my friends.
I am so glad that I got to see Yankee Stadium. The stadium itself is beautiful inside and out. It is steps from the subway, making it convenient to the heart of Manhattan. The field, which is possibly the most perfect in baseball, is easy to see from mediocre seats.  There are plenty of restrooms and concession stands with a variety of options are everywhere, though don't count on any healthier fare. The irony here is the scene outside. Just across from the stadium little league teams play ball on Saturday while the Yankees play inside. Well, unless these kids are part of the 1% or are the beneficiaries of some rare special charitable act by the organization, they won't see many games here. Tickets are horribly expensive, as are concessions. A family of four could easily drop a grand here.
I was skeptical at first... but now truly impressed. I was so worried... But they still have Becks on DRAFT!!! Great beers, food, views, access, organized, etc. Great improvements and still feels like home--it'll be homier once it gets a decade older and some more filth.
It's Yankee fucking Stadium.  The Mecca of baseball.  The crown jewel of American sports venues.  The most beautiful place on Earth.  Go.  Go now!  For a game, for a tour, for anything.  Just go.
I'm not a baseball fan, I grew up in Iran, & soccer was my game. However, my wife and son like baseball & we decided to follow the Yankees since we live in CT, after all, NYC is one of the greatest cities of the world. The new stadium is beautiful, the seats have unobstructed views, and the location is very Metro North friendly. Go NYC!!
4.5 stars... I can't imagine the Yankees having created a better stadium. The place is immaculate, the workers are extremely nice and helpful, there are a ton of places to grab food, and their screen is the biggest and nicest I've seen anywhere. I haven't gone early enough to check out the memorial park or paid to go on a Yankee stadium tour but both are definitely on my to do list. The Mitsubishi high def screen is 103'x58' making it one of countries largest sports stadium screens (I know the Dallas Cowboys is bigger but I don't imagine too many more screens are this big- not in the MLB at least). The capacity of Yankee Stadium is 52,325 people, making it a bit smaller than the old stadium but still big enough to get a seat where you see ants playing below you. The prices of the tickets are pretty steep (especially compared in past years in the old stadium), expect to pay $40-50 for a mediocre seat or a couple hundred for a great seat (you can check out the website for the seating chart and prices). The food here is pretty good, beyond the standard hot dogs/hamburgers/beer/peanuts/ect... they have stations from Johnny Rockets, Brother Jimmys BBQ, Carvel, Boars Head Deli, Carls Cheesesteaks, Moes Southwest Grill, and more including a full Hard Rock Cafe (you're not allowed to reenter the stadium after the 7th inning if you go into the Hard Rock). Other goodies include the amazingly huge Yankee shop with anything you could want and the Jim Beam bar (not sure why you'd go to the stadium to watch the game on a TV at a bar). The seats are pretty comfortable and the entire stadium as cup holders for your $10 beer. On the plus side the beers are about the size of 2 beers and most of the places dishing out the beer serve in in a souvenir plastic cup. The place is super easy to get to being right next to B/D/4 Lines. In terms of seating, the 400 level is a tad far away and has hard plastic chairs but that's what you get for seats that cost under $25. If you're gutsy enough it's pretty easy to sneak down to the 300 level seating (around $80) where not only will you get a better view but extremely comfortable leather seats that are available throughout the stadium. (By the way, out of curiosity, I did a little investigation and discovered that the 2009 beer cup held about 24oz while this years cup now holds about 22oz, very sneaky Yankees, very sneaky)
if she didn't know there used to be an old yankee stadium, SHE'S TOO YOUNG FOR YOU BRO. this new stadium reeks of big business, not baseball. $10 plus tip for a brew? and with the wings, fuggedaboutit. this is a "recession". but i liked how they converted the baseball field into a soccer stadium. HALA MADRID! 2 stars "meh, i've experienced better" cus i have.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I recommend a Yankees game to anyone. This stadium is a museum in its own. From the $5 seats to the $500 seats. This is as good as it gets in sports entertainment. If you have a chance to go see the Yankees play. GO!! Enjoy
Old stadium had nostalgia. New stadium has.........a hard rock cafe? 5 for the original, 3 for the normal one
Great Stadium!!!!!
Yankee Stadium - home of New York Yankees baseball: July 18, 2014 ... Round 7 of our see-them-all adventure. Nice in-town venue in one of the most expensive baseball palaces - reportedly cost $1.5 billion to build. Opened in 2009 just like the Met's Citi Field. One can't help but notice the jumbotron at Yankee Stadium...other parks talk jumbo but the Yankees deliver. If size matters, the Yankees have a jumbotron in centerfield that dominates. Chicago's Soldier Field could take a lesson. Had an okay visit. Cleanliness: very clean; bathrooms, eating areas, everything Size: seats almost 50,000 in a big roomy park Food selection: tons of choices, high prices on most stuff - i.e. $9.50 and $12 beers Ticket prices: big-city prices, usually have a great crowd anyway, this year celebrating Jeter's last Ease of parking: limited in a few multi-story lots, practically none on side streets Safety around park: parking lots and nearby area safe - but this is the South Bronx Fans: we had a one-off experience - too many drunks and not as family friendly ... employees numerous and very friendly/helpful, but crowd control is still a big job Access to public transportation: excellent with the 4, B, and D Trains, and bus/taxi nearby Access by driving: not so bad since it is an in-town park, but what to do with your car? Nostalgia factor: even though park is new, it still has tradition...just think of all those who played for the Yanks ... a neat city park Location: in a sort of cheesy residential area in the South Bronx of New York City Exit from park: very slow because of location, parking lots especially so because no one directs traffic   Stuff to do in surrounding area: it's the South Bronx so there are lots of stores and bars but one needs to be careful Other: no real place for tailgating
I've been to CitiField in Queens... I think I like how the Yankee games are put together in this Stadium. First, not too bad of a line to get in. The security people still needs to check your bag for contraband. Afterall, you have to buy those insanely priced beers and eat their insanely priced fries and dogs. Second, I think I find the rallying things they do better than in Queens. I like YMCA dance by the field groomers and singing along to "Buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks..." and mid game, they sing not the national anthem but something more which I like! I love singing along... I love singing period. Finally, I think Yankee fans are just a little more nuts than Mets. Nuttiness can be annoying, yes, but it can be part of the charm.
It's a legendary stadium, home of my favorite team of all time. It's incredible! It may not be the original stadium but it is fantastic nonetheless. The seats were great, but they should be much, much cheaper. Beer is like 8 to 12 bucks so brace yourself for that. Or do as I did, and flask it to the game. My buddy got a $10 hot chocolate but at least it came in a collectible cup. That's all pretty much expected at a ball game, especially one with a team with 27 championships. I felt a little rooked that I bought right field seats and it was Swisher's day off, but what can ya do. Martin was off too. Cervelli did a great job anyway. It was my first Yankee game and it was an incredible experience. They played the Mets when I was there so there was a good mix of both fans. Luckily the Mets fans were leaving early once we scored 8 runs in a single inning in the 7th. Made it worth the price right there. If I still lived back here I'd be taking the D train from Penn Station way more often. Especially if I knew someone with season tickets. I will always remember my trip here, and that is why I am giving 5 stars in spite of the expense of it all. Oh and sorry for my profanities to all the kids that may have been around me at the time. The game was getting heated for a bit. Oh, and I just realized that this is my 27th review. Significant number and unintentional at that! :)
Although I'm from the SF Bay Area and had a hard time rooting for the Yankees the game was very enjoyable. I don't think there's a bad seat in the palace with the new layout. We sat right behind home plate... In the grand stand section 420. Literally right behind the plate where I could see the balls and strikes. The place is beautiful. I didn't try concessions as I had McDonalds right outside the park with little wait. New Yorkers sure love their Yankees... I was happy when the A's beat them at home a couple months ago.
Aside from the fact that I'm a Yankee fan, I'm still a creature of comfort. With that said, the place clears without the expected super crowded slow exodus out of the park. The place is well maintained and clean. the scotts field maintenance people doing that dance was a nice touch too. In terms of food, considering it's still a ballpark, the prices are reasonable to get snacks and drinks. Grab some friends because this ballpark will keep things interesting on top of the ballgame itself.
So the prices are terrible, but the actual stadium is amazing.  Just the history thats in the stadium gives it 5 stars.  The Yankee Museum is a must see for first timers.  I haven't had the chance to get to it at the new stadium, but monument park is always great to visit.  The Malibu Terrace Deck is a cool outdoor bar if you're looking for some different drinks or, like we did, catch some of the nba finals.  I've had the chance to go to the Delta Sky Box, Audi Club, and Mohegan Sun Sports Bar, which are all awesome.  The Delta Sky box had a make your own sundae station and has some couches you can lounge on, the Audi Club has a full bar and buffet, and the Mohegan Sun Sports Bar has a really cool view and decent food.  I usually sit in the bleachers and am so happy you can drink there now.  I love that you can walk around the stadium and still see the game from where ever you are.  They have great food options, everything from Carls, Boars Head, Brother Jimmys, Carvel, Nathans, Johnny Rockets, and my personal favorite, the Garlic Fries Stand.  I crave those fries, they are amazing.   If you're looking to keep expenses down it's pretty easy to do.  Bleacher seats are only like $15-20, and you can bring your own food and water.  I usually pick up a bottle of water and some nuts on the way in.  Just make sure you don't open the bottle before you enter.   There's a ton of tailgating options around the stadium as well.  Either drive the game and do it up in the parking lots or hit one of the many bars across the street from the stadium.   It's definitely worth the trip on the 4 train to check out a game.
The house that Ruth Built.  Well, the new house next to the house that Ruth built ,but who is counting.  The Yankees are awesome, and the stadium is awesome.  If only I  didn't have to mortgage my own house to buy tickets.
I have been to the stadium who knows how many times , didn't realize you could even rate the stadium on here !!! Great new stadium , love the team lots of fun to go to the game. as far as the food goes plenty to choose from but be prepared to spend some money , the stadium food & drinks are not cheap. Beer's run between $10-12 dollars a glass , sodas , water are also pricey $5 & above. shakes are good, nachos w everything surprisingly good, popcorn big buckets better deal , but the thing that steals the show for me are the  garlic fries , if u love garlic u will enjoy the fries they r my #1 choice at the stadium. Fries are also great  alone or with cheese cant go wrong. Beautiful stadium.
Yankees! great stadium.$5 for water and soda. Their merch? EXPENSIVE. Wait till you get out of the stadium and hit the street across from it. You can find the exact same stuff for SO much less. Food ranges from $6 and up. They have a little memorial for all the retired numbers out passed center field.
Love Yankee Stadium....although I must say I miss the old stadium for the nostalgia of it...but it's Yankee Stadium, it's just awesome.  With that said....I need to point out that they have the best garlic fries ever!!! AND there is a chicken and waffles stand, where we met a worker named Eric, who was working on his birthday and was just so sweet along with everyone at the stand.  Anyway....besides that....the waffles and chicken were to DIE for.  I can't wait for the next game to (1) see the best baseball team in history play...and (2) the awesome food!!! Oh...and yes, it's a stadium so there are thousands of people.  It can and will get crowded...and NO people have not mastered the mass exit process...so bring your ability to have a fun time and your patience.  :)  It's the same situation at every stadium.
"New" Yankee Stadium is not as amazing as the "new" Mets stadium, CitiField. CitiField has a much better layout and flow, and better food options like Shake Shack. But all in all, Yankee Stadium impressed me. I had a great time with friends on a Sunday afternoon game in April. We had seats in the 300 section of left field...views were great, lots of bathrooms everywhere (and NO lines), and I was even happy with the number and type of food stands up there. The best food deal in the park is the $20 Family Meal Deal bucket...5 sliders and a pound of French fries! You can choose from Beef Burger, Chicken Tender or Pulled Pork sliders (no mixing and matching, unfortunately). We opted for the Chicken Tender sandwiches...they were awesome...really tasty. And it all comes in a souvenir bucket. Beer is outrageously expensive, but I expected that. And the Museum is a little boring considering all the cool history the Yankees have to showcase. The World Series trophies were cool, though. I was disappointed I didn't make it to the Parm stand down closer to the field for the famous meatball sandwich...maybe next time.
Combining the architecture of the original stadium with modern things like the food court, well designed walkways to allow for the crowds easy access to everything, it's a pleasure just walking around. Then there is the history, photos on the walls and a museum. The prices were the same A's at ATT or the Coliseum which surprised me. The field, a brighter green then I've ever seen. The fans are loud, passionate and know baseball. These kinds of fans are so rare in California. Down 7-2 in the 9th inning, the team and the fans never gave up and fought back to 7-5, with 1 man on when they finally lost. I loved being here and cheering for this team.
The new Yankee stadium is bigger and better than ever. It's still right across the street from the 161st Grand Concourse stop along the 4 train in the Bronx. Quick 25 mins from Midtown. Make sure to have your ticket ready to get moving inside quickly. Upper levels like terrace seating and bleacher, you will need to take the ramp up. If you're seating on the side of the home plate, take the elevator. Make sure to find a Beers of the world stand so you can choose from many types of beer in bottle (poured into a cup) or draft and gives way more options than the watery light domestic you'll get from Nathan's. Beers are priced between $9-12 regardless, the most being those on tap. This is a good place to get a bag of peanuts too. Nathan's is a popular choice for their hotdogs, cheese fries, chicken tenders and has manageable lines. There's also Carl's Cheesesteak which boasts a long line. Other stands that have regular hotdogs and pretzels scattered around. You won't be disappointed with the food options no matter where you are seated. Take a trip out for the Yanks to see the ball game!
Conveniently located off the 456 subway line in Bronx but thats about as good as it gets.   It is cool to be inside the park because it is Yankee Stadium but is not the ORIGINAL Yankee Stadium so it does not feel as epic.   Everything is waaay overpriced inside the park, is situated in a bad part of New York and they will not allow you to smoke ANYWHERE inside the park.   I won't be coming back to see a Yankee game here...
Had the opportunity to check out the new stadium on the day of the Yankees FIRST win in the new stadium aka Opening Day...2.   My, oh my, it is glorious! My eyes did get a little teary as I waved at the old stadium but soon I was just like a kid in a candy store.  My eyes were wide, my mouth hung open, and I just kept pointing and saying, "look at that! look at that!" I like the new indoor area with homage paid to all the greats.  I even decided to be brave and venture into the Team Store.  Yup. Pretty crazy, pretty crowded.  But check-out didn't take quite as long as you might think.  Along the way I glimpsed the Hard Rock Cafe..which is now on the "things to do next time" list (along with the museum).   Our seats were pretty high up there.  In the old stadium one might refer to such seats as being in the "nose-bleed" section, but here at the NEW stadium our section was graciously called "The Grand Stand." Oooooh. One day, one day...maaaaybe I'll even make it down to The Terrace.  Even the Bleacher seats are pretty fabulous and glorified.   So yes, prices are ridiculous.  We saw that coming.  Beers...$9.  Whew. Lines to get food...long, long, long.  Lines were long at the old stadium..here's one place I would've upgraded.  At one point they ran out of french fries...seriously?!?! Things to think ahead about... But the food options are definitely a spot more diverse.  They had some serious looking nachos! Of course all your old ballpark favorites are there...cracker jacks, peanuts in a paper bag, lemonade, ice-cream in the fun cap, hot dogs, etc etc.   The visuals also are magnificient.  The jumbo-tron is ridiculous.  It's takes a little while to get yourself oriented for where the Balls-Strikes-Out count and additional pertinent information is located amidst the insane amount of ads and billboards.  But once you figure it all out, it's just like Jorge Posada is right there next to you! The bathrooms are also quite solid--many stalls, automatic soap dispensers, water-pressure is a little intense, but overall--it's beautiful.  Oh...and another plus--they made an attempt at recyling bins! Although, I'm confused about their categories. Instead of the usual "plastic, cans, paper" you get to choose between "plastic...trash??...and compost..." Compost?!?! Hmm. Perhaps a work in progress. Overall, you get the same great cheers & songs, same great subway race & "which cap has the ball?" games, and the same great Yankees! Fun times, exciting times...go Yankees!
The stadium is gorgeous, the eating establishments are plenty, and the alcohol runs freely here. At least until 5th inning. After that, no more alcohol is sold in the stadium. I get it, they're trying to curb public intoxication. But it seems a tad harsh to cut off all alcohol sales after 5th inning. Some games go long. Really long. There is only one place to smoke in the stadium. It's in the Hard Rock cafe, on the patio, in a small cordoned off area. It is not the place for a casual smoker, and you will smell like stale cigarettes the second you walk in. It is like walking into a giant cloud of smoke.
Not a great ballpark. Too many design flaws. Pay $60 for a right field balcony seat and lose 40% of right field and basically all of straight away center. Do not buy tickets in section 206 if you like seeing where the ball is hit. Also there are alway massive amounts of empty seats near the field. The best seats in the ballpark are always empty. We all know why and that's a shame and a real testament to how the business of sports could care less about the fans of sports. If Yankees cared about the fans they'd allow families or elderly folks to move down from their seats in the rafters right to field-level. It cheapens their brand too, every game looks empty because no one wants to pay $500 to watch a ballgame. It's just a big money trench. All teams need to make money but the way the Yankees do it is just so disgustingly overt. It doesn't feel like Baseball, especially when you can barely see the game from your seat.
New Yankee Stadium is truly in a class of its own compared to every other stadium I've been to and most likely every other stadium on this sports-addicted planet. I think what struck me most about this place was that nowhere in the building does it suffer from that dingy concrete wall and pillar effect of most stadiums. The concourses were bright and lined with finished surfaces even in the upper levels. The whole place felt a little more like a mall than a ballpark, but I think that just added to the awe. The food selection was vast and it also seemed like there were enough food spots to prevent large lines from forming. I think it would take quite a few return trips to this park before you could eat everything you were interested in trying (both physically and financially). Monument Park and the Yankees Museum also add a little bang for your inflated buck and it was also fun to walk around the bizarre art gallery store and the super expensive memorabilia store. I thought the view was fine from 300 level seats but if I was to return I'd like to try out the bleacher area ... of course I wouldn't turn down field level tickets, those padded seats looked pretty comfy. Critiques: I think the food court would be better if it actually had a view of the game. It seemed a little underutilized, rightfully so. Although perhaps this was for the best since it was faster to get some of the more interesting food items (sushi anyone?). I'm also a big fan of creating a standing area behind the seating sections (especially field level) such as at Citizen's Bank Park in Philly which has a long tray/bar where you can stand and eat. There were places to stand behind the seats at Yankee stadium, but it was less well organized and a lot of the space was taken up by empty handicapped seating areas. All in all, a beautiful park. $1.5 billion? At least it looks like the money was well spent.
Love the new stadium! Nothing like going to a ballpark...the game, the food, the fans, NY...everything. You can take the train from CT which will take you straight to the stadium so its pretty easy. Any seat is a good seat...I typically go with the Jim Beam Suites which is pretty much in the middle. No complaints here.
Love Yankee Stadium!  If you're a fan of baseball, there's no place like it!  Even with the last of the Core Four retiring after this year, we'll miss you Jeter, it will always be a great place to go, watch some baseball and grab a beer with friends.
It isn't the house that anybody built, and it doesn't have the ghosts in the outfield like the old place which sadly I never visited (not exactly local), but it is a pretty nice stadium. A little soulless, a little corporate, but in time these things will fade and be replaced by legend and myth. We in England had Wembley stadium as our sporting church, and seeing it torn down and replaced by a corporate glass & steel behemoth was like losing a part of yourself, waving goodbye to days of yore if you will. I can understand the dismay of the many Yankees fans, complaining about it being a hitters park and windy up top and bad views in parts of the bleachers (it really does) and it just not feeling the same anymore, but it is an impressive modern design with excellent facilities and the Yankees are still where they have always been, in the Bronx. In time, it will feel like home again. As far as the game went, we sat in the bleachers, and watched the Yankees take down the Orioles 11-4, so my first visit was capped off with a win, and a free Yankees cap. One day, I'll be back. I hope.
Big beautiful new ballpark. I miss the old one but thiis one is nice.  Even the high seats are great. Prices are high, expect $9 bucks for a dog so eat before you come.  Lots of asian tourists.  Easy ride on the 4 subway to get here, we came from Rockaway beach....took 1  hour 30 min We came the day after a day in cooperstown...extra special.
I love this stadium. The interior honors the Yankee greats and everything is easy and convenient to get around. I didn't even have to leave my seat to get my order  of food and drinks. The staff is friendly and helpful. I can't wait to watch more games in this stadium.
You can carry food into Yankee Stadium as long as it's in a clear plastic bag.  I bought a delicious chicken and rice dinner from the Halal truck for 5$, and walked right past the security guards...saving a ton of money from the overpriced food concessions in the Stadium (I got the bag from the Commodities health food store in the East Village). Overall, the experience is not like I remember as having in the Old Stadium, where you could buy decent seats for under 30$.  If you want to burn some serious cash you can do so here, but if you want to economize will take some strategy.  Beers in the stadium are 11$.
I remember back in the year of March of 1996 I did see Yankee Stadium from the New York freeway and it wasn't the New Yankees Stadium it was still the old New York Yankees Stadium... And this was way before September 11 2001!!! As the years went by... I was thinking when will it be a chance for me to see the New New York Yankees Stadium!!! Until finally in June Of 2014 during my 7 day stay in New York my wish finally came true!!! I took a ride in a Double Decker Bus Of New York and it took me all around New York City and it also took me to the place that... I have always wanted to see and that would be The New New York Yankees Stadium Of The Bronx Area!!! So now that I have seen it I can look back and say I finally got a chance to see the New Yankees Stadium!!!
As a Yankees fan who lives 2,913 miles west of Yankee Stadium (thank you, Google maps), I don't attend Yankees games as often as I would like.  I try to make it to a Yankees home game at least 3-4 times a year, and it's a BIG DEAL every single time. My Dad and I flew to New York last September to say goodbye to the Old Yankee Stadium.  Since then, all I could think about was seeing a game at the New Yankee Stadium across the street.  I couldn't afford to attend the Opening Day game, but I did score some tickets for the May 2 game against the Angels. I parked at the stadium garage for only $19, which is a phenomenal deal compared to other stadiums, and jaywalked across the street to Gate 8.  I found myself in the center field bleachers, and I just stood there, looking at the white and blue grandeur of the stadium.  It was beautiful, luxurious and brand spanking new.   As I kept walking around the stadium, I couldn't help but notice the "upgrades:"   * Hundreds of new concessions?  You bet.  (Try Carl's Cheesesteaks). * Ginormous Yankee Store?  Yup.  (Buy yourself a vintage looking sweatshirt for a low low price of $120).   * Friendly ushers?  You know it.  (Just look for their handheld "May I help you?" signs) * Cushioned seats?  You better believe it.  (Available in Navy Vinyl, priced at $300 - $2600). * Monument Park?  Sure.  (Now with newly paved walkway, shorter lines and a re-polished Babe's forehead). Still, something was missing, and I couldn't quite put my finger on it.  Then, it hit me.  It's NOT the House That Ruth Built.  It's the House That Pepsi, Delta, AT&T and Casio Built.  It's a beautiful facility, unrivaled in the Major Leagues from a "fan experience" standpoint.  However, no matter how wide the aisles are or how big the scoreboard is, there's no escaping reality: The Yankee mystique is just not there. I used to walk into Yankee Stadium and think "Wow, Joe DiMaggio and Lou Gehrig played here . . . This place is like no other in the whole world."  Now I walk in and think "Wow, they have a lot of HD TVs, food stands and shiny elevators . . . This place is just like Terminal 1 at any airport in the United States."   Due to the exorbitant ticket prices, I was relegated to the third deck.  If the Yankees salespeople and hungover fans tell you "there is not a bad seat in the stadium," don't believe them.  Some seats are $12, some are $2,625.  There's a reason for that.  Our seats (3rd deck, infield) were in the $80 range, although they were really high up.  I admit it, I am a baseball brat, but I can't imagine watching the game from the fourth deck. But, in the long run, none of that matters.  It's still the Yankees, and it's still their home . . . which means I will keep coming back again and again.  I can't wait for my next Yankees game at the end of May, an Interleague clash with the Phillies.  If the stock market rebounds, maybe I'll even try to upgrade my seats. To put it in Yelp terms, "Yay!  I'm a fan."
It's amazing in most of the way's Citi field is not but lacking where it succeeds.  It is a palace of luxury and it celebrates Yankee lore at every corner and on every wall.  The concourses are HUGE and in no spot is a picture of a Yankee legend not visible.  The magnitude of this place is incredible,  and that is where it falls short of Citi.  The views are like a Football Stadium even down low where you are a good distance from the field.  Citi is a much more intimate setting and you feel on top of the game.  Then again you gotta pay that 1.2 billion dollar bill and that requires revenue which comes into play with 10 dollar 16 oz beers.  Seriously that is insane even for NYC.  Still all in all a great place to see a game or watch a movie on that insane video board.
This new stadium is beautiful, clean, and modern.
As a Yankees fan, it's always a good time at the stadium. The only reason I wouldn't give four stars is because the beer prices are just outrageous. And the fact that sometimes you can get two drinks at once and sometimes you can't, so everyone in your party needs to stand in line individually, is a little frustrating. Typically I don't get anything other than hot dogs. Always yummy and I don't feel ripped off for what I pay for them. Sometimes the toilets are gross and they REALLY need to do something about the fact you end up sitting in a line of cars for 45 minutes once you leave. Very convenient if you take the subway. Staff is generally friendly enough. Obviously I'll be back as often as my budget allows (which would be more, if it weren't for those $10 beers...).
I do like this stadium a lot.  Its got a great layout and organization, and little things like the improved aethetics and HD tv's are nice touches.  One thing I don't like is the amount of ads everywhere you look, but it is what it is.  However, I can't help but feel like the old stadium was better.  Sure the new one is all shiny and polished, but it doesn't have the magic of the old stadium.  Whether it can gain that through time remains to be seen, but as old as the old stadium was, I can't help get sickened that the main reason the new one was built was increased revenue from the layout (primarily luxury boxes).  But even if that was the case, I have to commend them for the great job they did here.
Came here to them play the Rays and a friend scored some tickets for the legend's suite. So this is how the other side lives... It was an all you can eat buffet with lobster, crab legs, steak, sushi, cold cuts, and dessert. Followed by complimentary concession snacks and drinks. We had row 2 seats right behind the dug out and got nods from all of the yanks all night long.
If you want to go to a stadium where everything is top of the line, this is the place for you!  Everything from the LARGEST HD scoreboard to the gift shops to the food shops.  It is a nice, large stadium, and has a lot of beautiful features. I do enjoy going to this stadium and I can usually find decently priced seats on stubhub.  There are some seats that don't have the best view (since this stadium is so large), so avoid the top 400 seats and the bleachers next to the scoreboard (those have obstructed views with televisions to supplement).  The food is very expensive, but I can always find a cheap corndog to appease me.
This little Mets fan went to Yankee Stadium. I do prefer Citi Field (not just because they have Shake Shack). The H&R Block boxes are great! The food was delicious, drinks kept flowing and view was perfect. We were right in between 1st and 2nd. I wouldn't do it any other way next time.
This is the main reason I loved my trip to New York. The stadium at atmosphere is perfect. I had such high expectations and it exceeded them all! Stadium is right across the street and Yankees stores surround the stadium with people all on the street too. I can only hope and pray that I get to experience this feeling of watching the New York Yankees once again. So glad I got to see Jeter before he retired! A dream come true for real.
Hello and welcome to another installment of the McLaughlin Group.  Please help me welcome our panelists: former professional basketball player, TNT basketball analyst and part-time drunk driver, Mr. Charles Barkley; part-time actress and professional drunk driver Lindsay Lohan; and Republican Party talking head, Pat Buchanan.  Filling in for our moderator will be Elliott W.   "Welcome.  today's topic: How many stars to give the new Yankee Stadium and why.  Let's start with you Charles." Charles: Oh man, I think it's turrible, jus turrible.  I mean, I like my Beers of the World and they can cut me up a $15 dollar sandwich from Lobel's.  But man, it jus' ain't the same.  And that Carl's man...that ain't no cheesesteak I ever had when I was in Philly!  I do like them flat screens they got, cause I can eat my Nathan's hot dog and watch tv...it's like being in my buddy's cold living room.  I give it three.   Elliott: Alright, Lindsay, your thoughts.   Lindsay: Umm.  I got cut off from Beers of the World and NYY Steakhouse told me there's a Four Scotch limit.  Not to mention, Cotton Eye Joey in the sound booth reminds me of Samantha.  One star.   Elliott: Interesting, Pat?   Pat: This is typical liberal bias against a bastion of capitalism!  The Yankees spent $1.5 Billion dollars, unfortunately more of it was not tax payer money, and recreated the facade of the original Stadium.  Despite it's flat screen televisions and Mohegan Sun and larger than life feel...this is what a baseball stadium should be about.  It even feels like a casino with the eyes in the sky looking down on you.  I think it's wonderful  Money is no object for me, so I have no problem paying $9 for a beer or $11 for a cheesesteak of questionable quality or $15 for a dry sandwich from Lobel's even though the meat was freshly cut and soaking in juice.  This is America!  Five stars.   Elliott: How many stars to give the new Yankee Stadium that feels more like an amusement park than a baseball park?  The answer is: three.
It's really hard to write a review for this place.  Yankees stadium is a beautiful park with great amenities and a giant TV and great sound but it fails to impress.  Why? Because this stadium feels like it lacks a soul.  In the midst of a dumpy part of NYC, you have a beautiful ultra modern shrine where seats cost upwards of $1100 a game for the first couple of rows. It's just not very congruent to have this crazy stadium that doesn't really fit the neighborhood like a Wrigley or Fenway and it's sad that the rest of the area does not seem to have benefitted economically from the building of a new stadium.  I'm also sure that the super expensive tickets are great for the Wall St banker but what about the average fellow who just wants to bring his poor family to a game?  Must they take their chances to buy cheap tickets with one of the shady men outside the stadium selling both tickets and Rolex watches? I'm guessing you probably have to in NYC unless you want to take out a home equity loan to go to a baseball game and snag those great seats.  That being said, the sight lines of the stadium are impressive and even the cheap seats aren't really that far away from the action in this cozy feeling stadium. (cheap being $50 a seat still) Yankee Stadium is not a bad place to watch a game, it's just slightly too corporate and forced feeling for me to feel like I need to go back to the house that Ruth didn't built anytime soon.
Yankee stadium is always fun to do in the summer. Mohegan sun passes are nice option also if your trying to eat drink and look at the park from another angle. Food is average and beer is over priced but that's at every sports arena.
---Baseball fan, my team is the mets --- Truthful review. Your suppose to be reviewing, not judging it on the old stadium. 4 stars because the food sucks, and everything is overpriced. (but that can be solved eat before coming or bring your own food, there is a McDonald's outside the stadium, bodegas, carts and such) The stadium yes is BRAND NEW but it feels like a modern old Yankee stadium minus the BEAUTIFUL giant HD screen. When you go to the bathroom, both for us ladies and guys, you can hear the game as your using the bathroom. HD tv's everywhere. You can really enjoy the game, as you wait for your food or drinks. Maybe this is for now, but the workers are very friendly and entertaining. This one lady behind me had a $20, he didnt have the change, he still gave her the hot dogs and came back with her money like 20minutes later. (plus he hadnt taken the 20 the first time around, he just gave her the dogs) There is also alot of help around the stadium, which is great, they hold up a sign which reads "can I help you" (probably another thing for now, but it was great to see) So overall, the stadium looks great, I know the feel sucks, there is no more history, but your reviewing the stadium. They did a great job, looks just like the old yankee stadium but modern.
I love the Yankees, but the new stadium feels more like an amusement park than a place to see a baseball game. From the moment you arrive, you see that the whole purpose of the building is to sell a brand. A cathedral to baseball the new stadium is not.
First time to this stadium. Was impressive. Clean organized great service from both food and souvenir vendors. All in all a great experience. My caught a line drive foul ball, only thing surprising they didn't have an usher check on that. Every other person got that normal attention but was surprised we did not. Add to that we watched the replay the next day on YES to try and see ourselves and they skipped that part of the game....
This absolute dump of a stadium is a major downgrade from the REAL Yankee Stadium.  Why was this built?  To increase profits!! The Yankees could care less if the true fans come here as long as they continue to sell the luxury boxes and fill the obnoxiously placed restaurant in center field which obstructs the bleacher seats.  If you're dumb enough to shell out an outrageous amount of money for a single seat, then you can be sure to enjoy the cheap materials that were used to build this dump and the lack of soap in the bathrooms, yet abundance of piss on the floor.  Good luck getting a beer or food here.  The beer is served piss warm.  The staff moves at a snails pace and will cost you 2 innings worth of baseball.  They have a phone number to complain but nobody ever answers the phone or returns messages.  I'm a huge baseball fan, but I have no desire to return to this embarrassment of a ballpark.   It's DEFINITELY the WORST stadium in the MLB!!!
I don't have any nostalgia for the "history" or "tradition" of old, uncomfortable, outdated stadiums. This is Yankee Stadium for the 21st century, and I don't miss the old stadium one bit. The new stadium is simply, gorgeous. Seats are easy to access. Field seats are cushioned. Food options are a considerable upgrade from the junk in the old ballpark. Everything is color coordinated in Yankee blue.
Nice Stadium, very modern.  I bought tickets at the stadium, two tickets ran me 200 bucks, but when am I going to go to Yankee stadium again?  Bought the tickets an hour before the game at the boxoffice.  No line-up at all.  The tickets were RF by the foul pole.  There was a slight obstruction but honestly you don't even notice it.  We were about 30 rows up.  As an aside the tickets on-line were not that much cheaper a month out, maybe 10 bucks, that was ticketmaster and stubhub.  Bought a Yankee T-Shirt with Maris on the back.  Today the wife asked me if I washed it yet?  I wear it everyday, it is awesome.  Beer is expensive and they had this deal of getting a crappy plastic cup for like 4 bucks.  Good overall though.
The place is beautiful! They have an automatic toiletseat cover machine thingy in the suite restrooms!  But I'm from LA so I can't give more than 3 stars.
What can I say ? There's no place like Home. Lets Go Yankees !!! Lets Go !!!!
I'm not a baseball person, but after living in nyc for 9 years I figured it was due time to see the Yankees live in action. Nice stadium..seems like even the nosebleed seats have a good view. Hard for me to keep up with what's going on since I know nothing about baseball, but fun environment and every NYer should go at least once!  Food and beer overpriced, but that's to be expected, just like any other stadium in the us!
Experienced my first game on 4/21.  It was the first night game b/c the 4/20 game was rained out... It just doesn't get any better than this.  I sat in a 10 dollar seat that was near the right field pole in the upperdeck along a railing with my own foldout chair.  Two armrests, each seat had a cupholder.  I think only the grandstand and the obstructed view bleacher seats could potentially be a bad seat.  Everywhere I walked I was amazed at the views. I moved to the bleachers after a few innings...  Beware, DO NOT sit here if you have a child with you.  There are police escorting fans out every half inning and people chanting A$$HOLE AND F*CK THE POLICE.  If you are over 18, love being rowdy, and want to enjoy the experience, then sit here...  It's also cool hanging out in Center Field where the Mohegan Sun Terrace is.   The biggest surprise were the bathroom attendants.  They go into the stalls everytime someone uses them to spray down the toilets and lift the seat up.  Amazing...  The old stadium (minus of course the history) was such a dump.  Now it's a gorgeous, aesthetically pleasing, classy field.   GO YANKEES!
First off............. How about them World Series Champs!! I'm so glad I was able to make it up to New York a few times this year to experience the new park, it was awesome. I have a few minor gripes but all in all, it's everything you'd expect the new Yankee stadium to be. Coming from a life long die hard fan, I will miss the tradition and simplicity of the old stadium. It took me a long while to accept the idea of a new stadium, but it is simply gorgeous. The lack of bathrooms and concessions of the old stadium has all been fixed, along with the overcrowded corridors. But so has the price-tag if you haven't heard. If you're a NY foodie, this stadium has everything you can possibly have a craving for. I can't get any decent NY food here in Florida so when I travel up to NY, you gotta know I'll be eating everything and anything I can get my hands on at the stadium. Everything from yummy cheese steaks, garlic fries and even sushi! There's a food court lookin area on the main level. They even have a butcher shop which is peculiar yet cool at the same time. They have a big window where u can walk by and see the butcher trimming meat. I guess if you want to sell your first born to overpay for a good roast, this would be the place to go. I went to 3 games at the stadium this year not including one that was rained out. I had a pretty extensive tour of the stadium between all the time I had to hang out with the rained out game and a 2 hour rain delay versus Boston. It's a beautiful stadium. I don't know 1.5 billion of niceness, but its a sweet ballpark for sure. Even the nosebleed seats were decent seats. The negatives I have about the new park are the price-tags and their stupid "no reentry" policy. Wanted to leave the ballpark to go to Billy's or the bowling alley for a beer during 2 hour rain delay but it was not happening. No reentry, Uggggh. How about 9$ for a beer? 10$ for a large coffee (a gross cup of coffee at that) in a souvenir cup? Between the outrageous ticket prices and the cost of food and drink, be prepared to get a second mortgage on the house before ya go.
It's New Effing York Man!!! It's a good park. Asa dad I like it when the have an area for kids to play wiffle ball so take a away a star for that. Friendly helpful people working there. Yankees fans will hate me for this, but had much better energy at Fenway on a Friday night than we did here. Proud to say I visited!
Things that should NOT factor into your rating of this stadium: -The fans (Its sports, morons) -The price of food/drinks (Yankee stadium is not the only place with these prices, get used to it or make more money) I love the new stadium but i agree with some other people. It lacks character, I miss the old stadium.
LOOOVE IT! Go Yakees! Any seat that you have is a greatt seat. I got my roommates and I seats in the 300 level, granted they weren't amazing, but they were worth it (All 5 dollars worth :) ). Food was amazing, haha. But the beer. I love beer, but make sure you are ready to pay $10 bucks per cup for a beer.
Opening Day 2014. As a life long Yankee fan, I've got to give this place 4 stars. Too many games in the old stadium where the lower level walkways were like old subway tunnels...dark, dank and dingy. This stadium is light, bright and airy. I don't think that Monument Park has the same feel as the original, but that's just my opinion. Lots of places to get food and a large variety, not just hot dogs and crackerjacks. I will reiterate, a life long Yankee fan, just don't tell anyone I prefer Citifield. ssshh!
I love it here at Yankee Stadium! Full of fans from all over, with ballpark food and even with nose bleed seats, you get a great view of the game! A bonus, if you come a couple of hours before the game, you can hit up the yankee museums and just enjoy a day at the ballpark. This is definetely for the biggest yankee fan, like my husband, who looks like he will cry from joy, everytime we go hit up the staduim! A must go for those in love with the yankees and their history. The food isn't the greatest, but i do love it anyway!
The building itself is gorgeous, and the food selection is really good. The museum inside was really interesting, even for a Sox fan such as myself. Also, the staff is one of the nicest I've ever encountered. That said, it's not a good ballpark. The only good seats are 100-level infield, and all seats are really expensive compared to other parks. Also, there's nothing really special about the design. In short, the facility itself is nice and it's a great concert venue, but unlike the old stadium it is not a great place to take in a ballgame.
I went my first time on April 13, 2014. Got hooked up with two tickets in a nice seating area. Really, I see now why the experience is so popular in America. Fuck watching a game at home, which is boring and stale. Here, the time flies. I wasnt so into it like most people were, but that's cuz I'm not a baseball fan. I do appreciate how close the game was and that the Yanks pulled off the win against their biggest rival! Parking is a real bitch, so look for a space or a lot that is far away and just walk. You'll save a lot of time and money.
This rating is for the new Yankee Stadium, and the Pinstripe Bowl which I recently attended.  It really is a classic new facility...with a couple of major drawbacks.  The concourses are TINY and practically impassable during breaks in the action.  The beers are $11...which I guess what can you expect for NY sports but was a crazy price.  Tailgating isn't great - there are a couple of surface lots by the Harlem River but a fairly long walk to the stadium. I did like that they played New York, New York after the game.  Also, as others have noted, the jumbotron was pretty sweet.  I ended up watching a lot of the game on that as the seating for football is far from the field.
If you're a fan of baseball you have to come here. The tradition alone is worth it. Built on the site right next to the old Yankee Stadium it definitely keeps the look and feel of it's predecessor with some slight modifications. The food vending options are better and monument park will give you goose bumps. I've sat in the bleachers and it's like nothing you've ever experienced. I've also had the opportunity to sit behind home plate in the luxury club with the all you can eat restaurant. It was pretty amazing but I can't really compare it to other stadiums since this is the only place I've experienced that. That being said it's a must go for the tradition but don't expect an "amazing" ballpark.
Disclaimer: I am a big Yankee fan so this review may or may not be biased.* I've been to Yankee Stadium many times but because it's such a massive space, I almost always find something new that I love about it. This time around it was discovering Brother Jimmy's BBQ. SO FRIGGEN GOOD. Normally I wouldn't want to pay $13 for three sliders and fries, but everything in Yankee Stadium gets inflated by 10000%. Good thing the BBQ was worth the money. Their pulled pork has a great spicy, smoky flavor that is phenomenal. I highly recommend checking out Brother Jimmy's BBQ, it is one of the better food choices. The stadium itself is great. No matter where you are, you can catch the game playing on many of the big screens dispersed throughout the stadium. The stadium is a great representation of the Yankees because it's all about the pomp and circumstance. Everything about the stadium is big and boisterous and I think it's a great thing. __________________________ *Who are we kidding...it's gonna be biased. I love the Yankees.
Going to a Yankee's game?  Better have a fat pocket.   Do not, I repeat, do not buy water at the stadium for $5.  Pay no more than $1 for a cold bottle of water right outside the stadium, or better yet...bring it from home.   Must try their garlic fries.  Yes, you're paying $9 for basically potatoes, garlic, oil, and parsley but once you put them all together with a beer in hand-it's worth it.  Pepsi products-boo.  Save room for dessert...blue cotton candy.  It's worth the stained teeth. Love their beer selection, even if they were $9 a bottle.  Bud.  Stella.  Hoegaarden.  Fancy.  If you don't like to drink, sit here: Grandstand Level in Sections 407A and 433 (alcohol-free seats).  But you might be alone. Bleacher seats were great.  Watch out for the dude with the cowbell. If they're sold out on Ticketmaster.  Check Stubhub.com and you may still get them at face value (starting @ $14).   Extremely easy to get here by subway.  Just cross the street & you're at Gate 6.
Great stadium to see a game in. Atmosphere was bustling, great amenities, good food, comfortable seats, and great fans. Yankee museum is right there in the stadium. There are plenty of tv's in case you need to see a replay and the jumbo screen is crystal clear. I just wished I lived here so I could go again and again.
My third time at the new stadium. I am now comfortable giving a full review. I've had seats all the way up in the nosebleed section, middle and now down by first base. This last time I had the best seats and watching the game was a lot more enjoyable. Some info on the stadium: Parking - avoid it if you can. Traffic is a mess if you are coming across the bridge from Manhattan. I suggest parking across the bridge in Manhattan and walking over (about 10-15 min walk). For night games, be warned that most people won't feel comfortable walking across that bridge alone. I've never had any issues, but the bridge is dark and doesnt exactly scream safe. Seats - Only been here 3 times... my advice, if you want to watch the game sit on lower levels. If you are there to socialize, then it doesnt matter where you sit. Food - I prefer Citi field for food, but this place has plenty of options. Parm is a nice addition, but it's a bit of a trek depending on where you sit. Overall - The stadium sometimes feels like it has too much going on and the game is secondary. The prices are high, no way around it $5 water says it all.  If you are here for the game, you will love it... if you are here to check out the stadium you won't be disappointed. If you like to complain about everything... you will have plenty to complain about!
I have a season ticket plan to the Yankees and have been to the new Yankee stadium many times and the old one a few times also. The new stadium is much more beautiful than the old one. Of course you pay a lot more for the same seats so you pay for the beauty. Food options are a lot greater in the new stadium. There is still a food court where you can get sushi, noodles, Nathan's famous, Boar's head sandwiches, and other things but if you just walk around the bottom level you can see that there is also a Lobel's for steak sandwiches, Hebrew National hotdogs, Brother Jimmy's for BBQ, Carl's cheesesteaks, Wholly Guacamole for nachos, and a garlic fries place. There are many beer options so make sure you find what you want before you buy. This isn't the house that Ruth built but it is still a cool place to watch a baseball game. Make sure you bring a lot of cash or your credit card as things can get expensive. For my money, the best deal is either the 3 sliders and fries for $12 or the nachos from Wholly Guacamole for $8.
A New York City Institution and a piece of baseball history!
Lifelong Yankees fan, my blood is pinstriped but fuck the new stadium. The current Yankee stadium is only fun to the richest 1% and their friends, even when us real fans wait until the 12th inning when Wall St is in bed. All the lower section is empty but I'm not allowed to sit in the worst seats in the expensive section cause bullshit rules trump common sense in modern NYC.  Security at YSIII is a pathetic joke and I look forward to the day when there is a riot and real fans say we won't accept this anymore and beat the piss out of the rent a cop security bastards. It shames my heart to say this but Citi field is a better venue and when Jeter retires my loyalty toward this team is donezo.  Fuck the corporte yanks and all they stand for I'd rather a losing team with principles than the squad the represents Goldman Sachs and all that is evil in modern NYC,
I am a huge, huge Yankee fan. Huge. I live and breathe this team. I watch every game on TV and try to get to the Stadium whenever possible. Before I acquired a massive mortgage, I was a season ticket holder (at the old stadium). I hate to say this, I really do, but I'm not the biggest fan of the new Stadium. I mean, if you think about how absolutely abominable Shea Stadium used to be, then you go to Shitifield, you realize how much Shea lacked and how great that new ballpark is. Of course, because of my deep seated hatred for the My Entire Teams Sucks (METS), I have aptly named their stadium "ShitiField". There was so much warmth, history and tradition in the original House That Ruth Built. Character. It's just like when you're walking through a quaint little village somewhere that was settled in 1746 and you happen upon the perfect late-19th century Victorian home. Not one that's been completely renovated, but just enough there to show some character. That's what it felt like to walk through the tight halls of the old stadium. The pride, tradition, longevity, strength of team bled through those old walls. The new stadium, to me, feels like cold concrete and flatscreen TVs. Yes, I do enjoy the "open air" feeling you get when you leave your seat to go to concessions. Yes, the Rotunda is immensely impressive. And yes, they did an amazing job with the new Monument Park. But I am simply not emotionally connected to this park, yet. Maybe I'll get there. Also, I understand this park cost eight f$%kin trillion dollars to build, but what's with the freakin' graduated, stub-hub-esq pricing? Field level used to be field level. You paid like $150 and you could be somewhere between row 1 and row 40. Now, row 1-4 is $1000, row 5-8 is $800, row 9 - 12 is $600, etc. Total freakin' BS. That's the reason there's no season ticket holders there and there's still full plans available! It's NOT the economy, stupid, if you priced them right, rich f$%ks and corporations would buy them, and THEY would either give them away or sell them on stub-hub. But with this ridiculously complicated pricing schedule, they've optioned out people like me who used to rely on using season tix as a partial investment. I used to sell my unused seats for premium games vs the ROID SUX and the NY MESS and I would make like 1/2 my money back. Not possible anymore. I find it interesting that there's many Sox and Mets fans here that actually rate the new Stadium highly. There's also a lot of Yankee Fans who never even went to the old Stadium who rate it highly. I dunno, call me a traditionalist. I was certainly glad to see the Yanks take it all last year in their first year here, making them unequivocally the team of the decade (for the second decade in a row) and I'm also psyched to see them kicking ass so far this year even with a weak rotation - but that still doesn't change my opinion on the Stadium. I'll see how I feel about it in another 85 years. Then I'll update my post.
Alas, baseball finally has a true palace worthy of our great game.  What an awesome place to see a Yankees victory.  The stadium simply exudes class from the moment you walk in beneath the banners that honor their all-time greats.  As someone who loves the game and had been waiting a long time to see a Yankees game, I will never forget this night.  The employees are eager to help and so very friendly.  I did not have much time before the first pitch, so they were quick to direct me to an elevator to my seat in Terrace Level, 305.  Though the view to left field was slightly obstructed, it really did not matter.  I was inside Yankee Stadium, the Red Sox were in town and I had scored my ticket from a scalper near the Subway stop for just $35.  I think I was doing all right.  What a great evening.
Stopped by for another game just to show an out-of-towner the sight, and certainly didn't disappoint (Yankees scored 9 to win). The facilities were in top shape and the food wasn't bad (hot dogs, soda, burgers, cheese fries, etc.) -- plenty of guys with pretty good aim throwing the cracker jacks in the stands, too.  A lot of standing space for those who wanted to watch at a lower level, so that was nice, too - windy, but today was also given a free cap, so that was a good give-away day. They still don't have the quality food at other newer stadiums, but can't say they're doing badly. Certainly less steeped in history than the old Stadium but still inconsistent audio in the terrace/grandstand area (300/400 level) - though bathroom was nice and loud audio from a radio broadcast.
Since I was spending 3 months of my life here on the East Coast this summer, I figured why the hell not come and see the baseball team that money can buy (not a 2010 trip to the World Series).  I bleed Cardinal Red and am not really a fan of the American League.  I mean a DH?  Come on, make your pitcher actually hit the ball...I digress... I was impressed with how expensive it was!  I mean, I know this is New York and they have to pay the bills, but taking out a second mortgage just to buy a few beers and food is killing me.   I enjoyed the seats we found on stubhub.  I know, what can I say, I like being able to save some money somewhere.  We ended up chilling in the outfield and was able to work on the tan.  Not like the crazy bleacher bums we have here in the Lou, but they are still entertaining nonetheless.   I have to say that I love your house that Ruth built and you should be proud of it as well.  Hell yeah I will be back again this summer!  I can mark this off of my bucket list!
I'm so conflicted!!!! I LOVE my Yanks but I'm not the biggest fan of the stadium. I think I might like the old one better. Here's the thing, its not much of an experience. I think the idea is to make the game the experience, but what about during a rain delay?? I had the unfortunate experience if being there when it rained TWICE!! No where to take cover, drips and water everywhere, and no where inside to sit. The concession stands are just that - no seating areas to eat. And the food options aren't that great. It hurts my fingers to type this but I think CitiField has them beat. But the Yanks are the better team. But the staff is helpful and when the game starts, you are completely emerged into the game.
I love the Yankees! I had to tell you that first so that you realize that this review may be a bit biased. I've visited this stadium twice now. The first time in June 2012 I went up for a game and to explore the area and the second time in April 2014 I went for the Yankee Stadium tour. First, when going to a game realize that you can easily score cheap tickets for the 300 section and higher. If you check with the scalpers around the stadium before the game you can probably find some for $15 or so. This stadium is brand new and very nice and clean. A lot of the seats are padded and there are a lot of good food options inside the stadium. The interior of the stadium makes for some really great photo opportunities whether its game day or not. This new stadium opened in 2009 and is directly across the street from where the original Yankee Stadium once stood. Don't get me wrong I really like this new stadium, but I do admit that it does irritate me a bit that the old stadium was completely torn down. I mean come on...the old Yankee Stadium was "The House that Ruth Built" and there was just too much history that happened there for it to just be torn down. But, oh well what can you do? Anyways its a one of kind experience going here for a game and it is truly a New York experience. My advice on game day is to ride the green line 4 train or the orange line B or D train to the Yankee Stadium/161 St subway stop. The subway stop is directly across the street from the stadium and believe me when I say that you do NOT want to be driving around this area anywhere near game time. It really is a complete mess. I understand though that some people absolutely insist on driving their cars everywhere rather than take public transportation. If you're one of those people then good luck to you. I really enjoyed the tour I took of the stadium. They take you first to the Yankee Museum in the stadium. The museum has a lot of really cool memorabilia including a massive case of autographed baseballs, jersey's belonging to Ruth, Gehrig, and Mantle, and the Yankees World Series trophies among many other things. You are then taken to Yankee Monument Park which is really nice and pays tribute to not only past Yankees but also their former owner George Steinbrenner, Jackie Robinson, Nelson Mandela, and there is also a really nice 9/11 Tribute too. The other really great thing about Monument Park is that it offers great views of the field. They then take you to the Yankees Dugout where you can hang out for awhile where the players do and walk out onto the field for a bit. This was probably my favorite part of the tour. The one thing that disappointed me about this tour was that I was pretty sure before I went that if you go on non game days they take you to the batting cages and the locker rooms. However, on my tour even though the Yankees were out of town we didn't visit either place which I really would have liked to see. Overall, I was really glad I finally took this tour. If you are even slightly interested in the Yankees or you really want to visit an iconic NYC spot I highly suggest you visit the stadium at some point. Even if you don't take the tour or go to a game I'm sure you will really enjoy being in the presence of one of the most famous sports stadiums in the world.
Now, please keep in mind, this is a review on the Stadium itself and food, not the scrubs (I'm a die hard Met fan.) I was fortunate enough to have someone give me 2 Legends Suite tickets and boy, was I fortunate. For those who can afford them ($225 each,) be prepared to come on an empty stomach and EAT! I definitely got my moneys worth. The seats are all inclusive. Lobster, steak, pork chops, sushi, ice cream, pastries, chicken, pizza, candy, etc... and drinks (minus the liquor) is included. The food is seriously top notch. This is what the players eat. The Stadium is incredible. The best a billion dollars can buy. It's the Wall Street crowd while Citi Field is more family friendly. The seats were no joke. I can see the effect the 'roids have on A-Rod and how girly Jeter throws. Now, only if the freakin' Mets won! ughh Final Score: Yankees 9- Mets 3. GO Mets!
go yankees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love em buy tix on stub hub cheap
I mean, it's Yankee Stadium! - You are going to have a good time because it is a baseball game. - Your are going to bitch about the prices ($6 for a hot dog and $7 for fries). - You are going to think the staudium is beautiful. - You are going to get annoyed with the long bathroom lines if you are a woman. As always, I enjoyed the game and the overpriced food and drinks! Let's go Yankees!
Ok, get to Yankee Stadium this past Friday, I parked inside their lot, as soon as we get out, the female attendant tells us that the game is cancelled due to rain. One major issue, we had to pay $35 dollars. After having several heated debates with management, which lead to nothing but a huge pile up of cars in their parking lot,they threatened to call the cops. My main concern was to pay at least $15 dollars, but $35 beans for five minutes. This is straight highway robbery and I hope that someone in upper management reads this. Fans getting ripped off like that. On a positive note, I did get to see Jeter in his Jeep, and the stadium in general is clean, but the service was rude and at times humiliating, will stay home (in Brooklyn) to watch the games, enuff paying top dollars to see over paid MLB players!
It looked amazing from the highway.
Time for review 100. I spend a lot of time here... What have you done? You tore down the House that Ruth Built and created a monstrosity across the street that panders to corporations and the wealthy. The regular fans are steadily being pushed out with ticket price increases, cost of concessions and parking. Take the subway? Sure. If you live in NJ you still have to pay to park at NJT lot and 28 for a round trip ticket coming from Northern Morris county. May as well drive at that point. Ticket plans were changed during the move-Sunday holders lost opening day for example. At the old stadium, my seats were behind home plate. At the new stadium, I was moved to the outfield, 409. The view wasn't bad, but unlike other ball parks, Yankee stadium has many spots that have obstructed views. I dropped my season plan and ran to the secondary market. When they kept increasing prices in the outfield. My ticket rep kept changing, I couldn't talk to anyone, I would have possibly kept it if I could have moved up behind home plate and gotten a Saturday plan. But no one called. There is no personal service if you don't have a half year or full year plan. I had about 10 years seniority when I bailed. When they built the new stadium, they tore out regular field level box seats and created a luxury suite called Legends. The only thing legendary about this section is the price. The cheapest tickets I have found on the field are $400 on stub hub during the rain against the  Mariners. Too rich for my blood, Yankees. I have sat everywhere from the 400s, 200s, Delta Sky Box, Luxury Suites, 100s, bleachers. There are some really bad sight lines so pay attention to that when buying a ticket. The food choices are mediocre. Brother Jimmy's, gross nachos, hot dogs, hamburgers, Nathan's. The winner is the Japanese place on the 100 level. Good Udon soup. Where are unique food items for Yankee Stadium? Beer is just expensive. The worlds smallest Bud Light will run you $8.00 in the bleachers. Mohegan Sun and Audi Club are nice, Mohegan is the better of the two because you can see the game. But you have to pay for a ticket to use the seats behind the glass. Ushers enforce this EVEN IF THERE IS NO ONE THERE at the end of a game. That's my other big problem with YS3. At every other stadium I have visited, fans are allowed freedom of movement. If there are a lot of empty seats ushers don't mind if you switch to the lower level. The practice of being militant about ticket checking is off putting especially when there are 8,000 fans at Yankee Stadium in April. It is really embarrassing to see an empty ball park in NY. Let us move down. Can we also stop with the summer concerts? I realize this makes the Yankees money but it ruins the field. A ball field should be kept pristine. This is really a 2 star stadium. It is lifeless and boring, the rich history is gone. Greed got the best of the owners when they built this park to accommodate large corporations and not regular fans. Baseball is supposed to be a sport that everyone can afford. I actually hate it, it feels like a shopping mall attached to a ball field, but I award a bonus star because my boys in pinstripes play here.
OK, i've been to 3 more concerts here and they have been much better! Your best bet is to avoid the upper level 400 section for a concert. For the Yankees, it's all good. Great stadium for a ballgame even if you are in the last row of the upper deck. It's way up there but if you are closer to home plate doesn't even matter. The 'wholly guacamole' stand gives you some of the best food in the stadium. The nachos are spectacular and the burrito is to die for, even at 10 bucks. You can only find this stand in the upper deck for most events, once in a while they open one up in the main concourse. I make sure to go to a couple of games a year even though i'm a Mets fan. getting out after a game/show sucks and it's a slow process but it's still a great ballpark.
A stuffy, sterile, 1.5 billion dollar monstrosity. This place is only getting four stars because of the Yankee brand. The stadium has about as much character as a hospital. Add to it that it is filled with front-running, obnoxious, bridge and tunnel meatheads, guidettes, and tourists, this is the last place any true baseball fan would want to be. It's a zoo, a tourist trap, a side-show. Want to visit a stadium that REAL NYers that were born and bred here go? Take the 7 train to Citi Field in Queens. Not only is it much cozier and unassuming, you'll get to see NY's real team, the NY METS. Yes, they don't make the playoffs every year but they have a die hard passionate fanbase that are actually from this city.
Fellow Yelpers checking Yankee Stadium reviews, of course this place is great. How could it not be? The Yankees are the richest team in baseball and maybe even of all the sports teams. So yes, their stadium is beautiful and awesome. Very large, easy to navigate, cushioned seats and clean bathrooms. What's there not to love? Oh, that's right, the prices are outrageous. It's expected though so only minus 1 star. If you think you're going to come here and pay $6 for a beer, you're crazy. Beers are $9.50-$12.50. I came here for the outdoor hockey game, Rangers vs. Islanders so I might have had a slightly different experience than most people. It was freezing and they were selling hot chocolate for $13. Yes, $13. Hot chocolate was more than beer. Why? Because you got to keep the cup. It was a shitty cup so I passed on the hot chocolate.
I love the way the upper walls glow when hit by the setting sun. It's a great place to witness amazing baseball for much cheaper than any other professional sport in NYC (except for MLS). Sure, some seats go for thousands of dollars, but you can still go on a week day and spend less for an admission ticket than for a hotdog. The food is blah, but still better than in the old stadium.
Beautiful Stadium! Clean bathrooms! Yeah I agree food and beer are pricey. But,.... Go Yankees!!
Visited New York for a week and took in the Cubs v. Yankees night portion of the double header. Really enjoyed Yankee Stadium.  It was clean and, even though all the workers I encountered had worked the day portion of the double header, they were very friendly and helpful.  I walked all around and caught the game from different vantage points in the stadium.  I had a good view of the field no matter where I went.  Of course I could not get down into the seats near the field, but did watch from the concourse. Plenty of choice for food, and, as expected, it is a bit expensive.  Nothing really jumped out as out of this world, but the Spicy Italian sausage sandwich was tasty and hit the spot. It was easy to get to the stadium via public transportation, which appears to be the best option. If you like watching baseball at different stadiums and want to see one of the newest, Yankee Stadium does not disappoint!
I went to my first Yankees game yesterday and truly enjoyed my experience at Yankee Stadium.  I've been to a few other baseball stadiums in the past and think that Yankee Stadium is the cleanest I've been to.  They really make it a point to clean the bathrooms continuously so that the large crowds that filter through don't leave a mess and that everyone enjoys their experience here.  When you're at a crowded, sunny baseball game, it's really nice to be able to enjoy your stay to the fullest extent, despite the sun, sweat, and griminess you feel.   My only complaint is that the food here is ridiculously expensive - $6 for a plain hot dog (and the bread was old and crumbly) and $5 for a bottle of water!  That's highway robbery right there, and they profit off your desperation.  You have the choice of being dehydrated or doling out $5 for each bottle of water.  It's not right.  Still, it's business for them and is just the expectation of a baseball game.   What I did really like was the proximity of the stadium to the subway!  It was quite convenient. Overall, I really enjoyed my time at Yankee Stadium and I'll likely be back in the future for another NY Yankees game.
It looks nice on TV, but will never hold the same memories as the original stadium.
Every time I've been there it feels like I'm at a museum or mall and never get the feeling that a game will be played there. It's a monster of a structure. It's a tourist event every game and that's what they wanted when they designed it. It's expensive no matter what you expect to pay. The food is pricey for no reason in my opinion. The food is not memorable in a good way, but memorable in that you paid $10 for a cheeseburger you could buy in the grocery store and thaw out in your microwave. For Yankee Stadium, that's just something you shouldn't accept. It's a diamond though. You could see why it cost them $1.5 billion to build. On a gorgeous day the park looks unimaginably beautiful. The subway is right there, so convenience is a plus. The neighborhood has improved dramatically over the years. I'd give it 5 stars but due to the price and the food, I'll give it 4 stars. It almost feels like you're not there for a ball game as sad as that sounds. That's because due to pricing out the fans, you have a different and less than boisterous atmosphere. I miss the old Stadium.
Still a fan of Yankees Stadium overall, but I came back here to watch my Rays try and make September magic happen once again and this review needed an update. I love that it's so easy to get to the ballpark. You have at least four subway lines bringing you here, which is awesome. It's also an easy ballpark to navigate. I had the garlic fries last time I was here which were super tasty. This time I had the chicken tenders and fries...so not worth the $10.50. Fries were overcooked, which I usually like well done fries, but these were too much. I went to two games on this last trip and just skipped the food all together the second day. Also, I have no idea why ballparks do this, but why with the no lids, Yankee Stadium? I don't understand! You can have straws, but no lids? What if I buy food in the main concourse and go up to my seats in the grandstand? So much room for spillage. I think my main qualm with the ballpark has got to be security, rather, security's priorities. We sat in the grandstands on Friday for the first few innings. Now, I've been to well over 100 ballgames in my life, and I'm not new to heckling, but damn these jagwagons were super ridiculous. Things I don't even want to type out on here.  Security was in the section over, you know damn well they could hear. At one point we just got tired of hearing these people so we went down to the main concourse by the waiter service section, which one day I will get those seats, they look awesome. Why am I getting yelled at for stepping over a line to try and get a better view  in the 8th inning, but no one gets reprimanded for yelling highly offensive things all night?  Please to be explaining. Other than these complaints, Yankee Stadium, you're pretty awesome. Great views, easy to get to and a very good looking ballpark.
Nice enough stadium. More like a monument though. Very sterilized looking. Doesn't seem like a family ballpark. The air-conditioned museum is a life-saver when it's hot as hell out. Seeing Thurman Monson's locker preserved exactly how he left it was pretty cool.
Love The Stadium! This is an amazing place to visit for baseball. As with most baseball venues, prices are  too high for food and drink. But other than that, there is lots to see and experience in and around the stadium. You'll love the experience! Go Yankees!!!
Plenty of history to the Yankees, but for the casual observer, 5 innings at the ball game was more than enough. Why? It took 3 hours to finish 5 innings? Why doesnt baseball have a time limit? It was a game in spring, but it was freezing in the cheap seats! I left because I wanted to go back to my hotel before it got too late
What an amazing stadium! Saw  Yankees and Boston today! The weather was simply amazing! Hot and sunny...This place is incredible...easy to get to...lots of great food and there is not a bad seat in the house.
I finally went to the new stadium after a 5-year boycott. I admit...I was ticked that they had to build the new stadium across the street. The hallowed ground of Yankees legend is where the old stadium stood!  I loved just sitting in the nosebleed section, looking out over the diamond and thinking about the hall-of-famers who trod that dirt.  I also thought the old stadium had a bizarre, raggedy charm.  But that may just be me. As far as the new stadium goes...I like it. But it feels kind of sterile. Never mind Monument Park...the whole *thing* is designed like a giant marble monument. The Great Hall is very cool with the banners of Yankees greats swaying in the breeze and the concourses are nice and airy. Especially compared to the old stadium which had some serious bottleneck areas.  I got my $12 Goose Island wheat beer and decided I didn't need to mortgage my house to catch a buzz, so that was my only beer.  I got a $6 Nathan's and a $6 souvenir soda cup which was pretty cool and the only souvenir I could afford. You should see the prices in the gift shop!   I loved our seats. Even tho we were in the nosebleed section, we didn't feel all that far away from the action and we really enjoyed the game. Well, I did more than my boyfriend since I'm a Yankees fan and he's all about the Pirates...and the Yanks zapped the Bucs 7-1.  There were a lot of Pirates fans there and everyone sitting in our section was very cool and fun to talk to. The stadium still does the Subway races (I always root for the D-train) and for whatever reason they still play Cotton Eye Joe in the 8th. The grounds crew still does YMCA during the 5th inning infield raking.   I still don't understand why anyone would drive to the game. Take the D or 4 to 161st Street/Yankee Stadium.
My mom and I went to the game last night.  This was my fifth time at the new stadium.  I really find it to be a vast improvement over the old stadium.  The stadium is easily accessible by subway, which is quite convenient when coming from Manhattan.  In each of the times I have been here, my seat has been great.  I've sat in the field level seats three times, in the bleachers once and on the first tier once.  They all afforded me great views (with the exception of the bleachers - the bar area in the middle of the bleachers obstructed my view of right field) and the seats are comfortable and a definite improvement from the old stadium.  There are lots of televisions around as well, which show everything close up.  I also like the Yankee clip packages they put together.  It's fun to see the players having fun and interacting with each other. Each time, there were bathrooms pretty much right behind the seats, which is great, so that you don't need to miss more of the game, walking to find a bathroom.  I have never encountered a wait for the bathroom, either, as there are tons of stalls.  There are a few Yankee stores around, and while the items are overpriced, they are cute. The concession stands are plentiful.  Everything I've had has been great, with the exception of the garlic fries.  These were a bit overwhelming in smell and taste.  My favorites are the frickles (fried pickles) from the Brother Jimmy's BBQ stand, the hot dogs and fries from Johnny Rockets and the coffee from Dunkin Donuts.  There's also a beers of the world stand that I enjoy. This stadium provides a fun and fantastic experience.  I love it and hope to return many times!
Maybe I'm biased because this is the home of my favorite team in the world but what a beautiful stadium. Field level seats are SO comfortable. Food is way overpriced as expected....but their garlic fries are worth the price.
My fiancée and I are diehard Yankee fans and have had the pleasure of seeing games in both the old and new parks. The new stadium is phenomenal and we love going to games here. The seats are comfy and even though we usually sit up in the nosebleed sections, we never feel that we're too far away from the field. It's neat how it feels intimate despite being such a large stadium. The bathrooms are plentiful and the food is great; it's expensive, but you expect that from a ballgame. They have lots of different options besides the classic hot dogs and peanuts (though those are great!). The gift shops are also great and Monument Park is something every baseball fan should see in their lifetime! We haven't had a chance to visit the museum yet, but we'll definitely get there someday! Transportation is also very easy as there's subway stations nearby and the metro station is one block from the park (super easy to get to). Overall, it's a fantastic park and I love coming back here! Go Yankees!!
Nice, but disappointing. This place looks more like a battleship than a Ballpark.  It is very big and very gray and has some great features, but this is not the way I want to see a game. For the amount of money they spent I expected a lot more. The Yankees may have the better team, but the Mets have the batter Ballpark.
I'm not a Yankees fan or anything, but this is a solid place to watch a baseball game.  The sight lines are good and the stadium itself is a beautiful place to watch a game (not as good as AT&T Park though!).  They have some good food options as well.  Garlic fries are solid and they even have a Parm food stand tucked away in the stadium.  $14 sandwiches are pricey, but they you can have the same meatball hero that you could get at the LES Parm while watching baseball.  Overall, a place everyone should check out at least once.
Reggie!  Reggie!  Reggie!  Coming to a Yankee game is the equivalent to seeing a rock & roll concert.  It literally rocks, moves, and shakes with the crowd chants (and they yell and scream a lot!). There doesn't seem to be enough concession stands.  It takes a good 20 minutes to get a dog and beer, that's too long and one misses too much of the game. With that said, there's nothing like it.  No crowd is into a game more. Special note: I went to a great game years back that was very memorable.  Clemens won his 300th game, and recorded his 4000th strikeout.
You know it's fiendishly expensive. You probably heard it's shiny and pretty. Maybe even heard it's commercialized to the max and a little soulless. If you didn't I'm telling you again. What I mostly want to tell you is that for 1.5 billion dollars and for the too-much-money you'll pay for your ticket you'll still sit in crappy little cramped plastic seat for 3 hours. Who cares about the facade? Give me a comfortable seat please. Of course I'll be going back though. Mariano Rivera and Derek Jeter still play there and the stadium has a high dick-to-urinal ratio so that helps.
Woohooo Yankees !!!! Where to even start I love the yankess I love the yankees I love the yankees. The new stadium is amazing and all of the seats are great seats.  I personally have sat in 132 and the bleachers but from what I have heard even the grandstand is not that bad.   The ONLY con about the stadium is that there is no retractable roof I mean com'on if you are going to make the stadium modern that should have been the first thing that was spoken about because no one hates rain delays more than I do.  But that is the only con period. Now the pros I just do not know where to start I love the new stadium they have the museum and outside there are posters of all the current players and their numbers.  Inside they have some of the great moment posted which is another plus because it is literally like walking down memory lane.  Though this stadium can never replace the Old Stadium it is definitely nice and I love the atmosphere and "ambiance" that I feel whenever I come.  Also sitting in the field outfield sitting is nice because you do not even have to get up to get your own concession food you can order it right from your seat and not miss any part of the game.  Just be ware of the drunks that are in the bleacher section I love a good time as much as anyone but please do not over drink and then make a fool of yourself and fall down the concrete seats it is pretty dangerous (this is what really happened not to me of course but the nice girl did knock into me and my boyfriend I was glad that we could stop her fall :-) )
Sorry Yankee fans. I've been to new Yankee Stadium 3-5 times, and it's consistently terrible every time. I have to remember that the next time someone asks me to go. -They start cleaning the bathrooms with bleach in the 6th inning. The whole stadium starts to smell heavily like chemicals thereafter (this happened every time I've been there) -They sell tickets for all the metal counter/bar chair space behind the stands. At least they say they do when ushers shoo you away. I've never seen people in these spots, maybe they only sell them for high-capacity games. In any case, their policy seems to be to keep them empty so fans walking to/from the concessions cannot stop and enjoy the product on the field as they pass by. -As ballparks do, they have guards in front of the stairs to the non-cheap sections so you can't sneak in with your nosebleed ticket. But here, they all physically block the stairs and hold up signs that say do not go to your seat while an inning is in progress. REALLY? Oh sorry, I thought this was a baseball game, not a golf tournament/souffle-making convention. -Wrigley and Fenway have charm. Citi Field does modern ballpark very well. The decor here reminds me of the way that outdoor malls simulate nature (oh it's so nice to be outside before I go into Pottery Barn!)
The new stadium is really nice, but it's just not Yankee Stadium to me. I felt like I was watching the Yankees on the road. I miss the old stadium a lot. I also liked Citi Field better than the new Yankee Stadium, which is really hard for me to admit to. I'm sure the House that Jeter Built will eventually grow on me, but it will take some time. The Stadium tours aren't that great. You got to see a lot more in the old stadium. The only good things are seeing a less crowded Monument Park and the new Yankees Museum. going into the Yankees dugout was cool too. No stops were made to the visitor's clubhouse or press boxes. It's really not worth the 20 bucks per person.
Awesome stadium and awesome team! Go Yanks! Been here a couple of times already! Nice stadium! Garlic Fries are the shhhhhhh*****t!
I was here for the evening game of New York Yankees vs. Chicago Cubs in April 2014. I am not a big sports fan but I have been to a few stadiums throughout my life. The Yankee Stadium was clean, beautiful, and built to be very resourceful! It is probably one of the best stadiums I have ever been to! I enjoyed the food choices here especially Carl's Cheesesteak and Garlic Fries! I highly recommend them! They are by far the best food choices here! Carl's Cheesesteak did cost $11.00, so just beware. I sat in floor section on the left side of the field. The view was great and I can see clearly. Fans in my section are very excited and that's what makes it exciting for everyone! However, I dislike the part when every time you return to your seats, the usher will have to check your ticket. I can understand the first few times but if I was a guest whom you saw me many times and you see that I have lots of food in my hands, I would like to put down the food at the nearest table first before you start demanding me for a ticket. So it's not about the policy, it's about courtesy. I would recommend visitors to take public transportation to the game instead of driving because parking spaces are very limited or very expensive. The cheapest garage I know of is the garage right under the MetroNorth bridge, it was $25.00. But still... traffic is terrible especially when you're trying to drive home. Get to the game a lot earlier to find parking and leave as early as you can.
What to say? It's a baseball stadium. I prefer Rangers Ballpark in Arlington, Busch Stadium in St. Louis and Coors Field in Denver much better. I found the cost and variety of food choices no different than other ball parks. We enjoyed the game. The Yankees lost to the Red Sox. I suppose for those who have followed the Yankees all their life, this place is like Mecca. For me, it was a ball park.
I love Yankee Stadium! I love the garlic fries and foot long hot dogs with a nice cold blue moon! I have been here for obviously Yankee games but also a Rutgers VS. Army football game which was cool. I really enjoy this stadium.
Ah, the bucolic greatness that is baseball. The open green field, open again after a winter of despair! When you emerge from the walkways and it opens up to the seats and you see the sky and the field... it's pretty cool. Better than TV. I have a friend with seats 3 rows up from the 3rd base line and he gives them to me.  Free seats makes it nice. K; here's some tips: there's something called weather here. Check before you go. If it's sunny: sunscreen. If it's cloudy: rain gear. Cold out? It's gonna get colder as the night wears on, so if you get cold, plan ahead. Want to drink? Bring ID. You can bring a 16 in. by 16 in. bag with whatever you want in it with some exceptions and one is alcohol. So they don't let you bring in bottles of most anything EXCEPT sealed water and juice boxes. They will let you bring 35mm cameras including your huge assed lens. There is food delivery service in the lower seats and menus. The cheese steak was good, hot dogs excellent and in-shell peanuts also excellant. Park in the Target parking lot in the non-event lot. If you shop there, you save $45 bucks on parking. Just saying.
#1  Not nearly as loud or crazy as old stadium #2 Doesn't feel like a ball park feels more like a gift shop at a museum. #3 retarded prices for tickets. #4 just packed out cant move anywhere. The fans that are their I really don't feel understand what the Yankees are about. No passion anymore. Alot of business people who are their just to be their.  If cant resit the 1998 Yankee Line up then get the fuck out and go watch it from your sofa. CITI Field is much better and I don't really care for Los Mets.
At the beginning of June I went to see the game Yankees vs. Mets. The game was awesome. There were military men flying on their parachutts and giving speaches. The view from the bleaches is much better of the field then when you sit very high up. I saw closed up how yankees team trained before the game started. I also like the trivia games during the commercials that they play. It is much better to watch baseball from the stadium than at home.
Found parking nearby on the streets for free (most of the parking garages, you're looking for $35-50). Walked a few blocks over. They seemed to only have Gate 4 open and it took a long time to get into the stadium, which is the downfall. We missed the beginning of the game because we were waiting outside for a good 15-30 minutes trying to get in. I didn't understand why they were funneling everyone into one gate. Finally got in and got our seats, which were really awesome in Section 109. The lady who worked there making sure we only came in and out when someone wasn't at bat was really nice. She was so friendly the whole time. There were lots of food to choose from and coming up and down the aisles were Budweiser, Bud Light, Popcorn, Cotton Candy, Peanuts and Cracker Jack's. Though, the prices were a bit high (expected being Yankee stadium). A small beer was $6. The man who brought the beers up and down the aisles (Bud & Bud Light) were $9.75 a bottle. Popcorn in a souvenir bucket was $12. Peanuts are $5. I didn't really go exploring because I just wanted to watch the Yankees destroy the Red Sox, which I can proudly say they did. Leaving the stadium was a mess. The highways were completely backed up. One afternoon game will eat up most of your day. It's a fun day but for the price and the issue with the gates, I'm not going to be a regular. It's much comfier watching at home -- and much cheaper.
Transportation doesn't get easier with a train stop right there.  The stadium is easy to navigate, is clean, has a great sound system and video screen.   Unfortunately, I'm a Met's fan. :-)
The house that Jeter built.  'Nuff said!!
Went to Friday night game against Boston. The only positive thing for our first visit to new stadium was the Yankees won and the stadium was very nice. As far as the food, it was your typical NY vampire antics where everything is disgustingly overpriced like a dirty movie theater charging 20.00 for popcorn and soda. Not impressed with the prices. We complain how over paid some players are but that's because customers are willing to spend more on food than they did on their ticket. Between the rail road, metro card, tickets and food, it did put a dent in my pocket. This is why NY is the vampire state.
Pros: - Lots of bells and whistles. Our seats from left field bleachers were perfect. Italian sausage was bleh. Its a nice ballpark. Architecture and aesthetics were definately a notch above. Cons: - Have to deal with the usual rude NY Yankee fans with the foul mouths and disrespecting personality.  Of course Im wearing Yankee gear so Im not subject to that. Lots up up and down walking. $33 of a player t-shirt??? Really? Everyone else sells it for no more than $24. I have been to both old and new Yankee Stadium. Great experience. I can check that off my list.
Over-the-top! A meat carving station?  Sushi?  $11 beers?  Come on!  I'd much rather go to Fenway and watch the Red Sox, eat a fenway frank and a $6 beer.  I will never go back to Yankee stadium.
For a team that is so well known and EXPENSIVE,  their stadium is not user friendly and the architect should be taken out back and shot. They make enough money on overpriced seats and food to be able to envision something a little more amazing. Its large as you would expect but its not impressive. Large variety of food but they can only be found on the first level. A HUGE turn off is that the cups do not have lids! hair and dust get into drinks and its off putting!!!
Awe and relief. I can tolerate the butcher shop and the art gallery because there was no mascot or water slide.  I loved the sight lines.  I loved the garlic fries.  I loved that all the jerks like me still sit in the bleachers. Let's Go Yanks.
Very easy and enjoyable. I was visiting NYC for a concert and got a pair of upper level section 312 tickets for cheap. The subway ride was long but having the station beside the stadium made it so easy for an out of tower to find the place. Getting into the stadium took 3-4 minutes with security and crowd. Finding out seats was very easy.
The cathedral of baseball stadiums. Epic and historic. Nestled in the Bronx it is a ways out if your visiting but highly recommend going there. I was there just before baseball season and was taking pictures and soaking in the sights and meet HOF Yankee player & broadcaster Phil Rizzuto. It was very cool as he was exiting the Yankee offices. When your in the big apple be sure to go visit Yankee Stadium.
Anyone coming in from Toronto just has to love this place no matter what your feelings are towards the actual Yankees team. Compared to the Rogers Centre we have up here, this place is amazing. And the fact that almost all the games are filled up adds to a great atmosphere. I would definitely handle a few rained out games a year (and there was a small shower at the game I was at) if it meant coming to a location like this for a ball game. It's got a very airy feel to it and the aviation enthusiasts in me also enjoys the vicinity the ballpark is to low flying planes. The sort of mini museum they have for retired numbers and famous Yankees players is a must visit for any baseball fan. We were decked out in Blue Jays apparel and despite a few boos from kids we didn't run in to any trouble despite the fact the Jays won. They have a few good food options although we didn't try out too much and comfy leather chairs and cup holders even in the far 200 levels is very much appreciated. The only negative is they don't let you bring a laptop or iPad into the stadium and ask that you walk to some location to put it on hold. After having been turned away from one gate I sneakily hid my iPad in my backpack using my jersey and got in through another, but it would have been a huge hassle to have gone and put it in holding or whatever in a place across the street. Another thing that struck us was just how friendly the staff were, now people say Canadians are all polite etc which while true, the staff at Yankees stadium were extremely enjoyable to interact with. With a it's own subway stop this ballpark is such a joy to visit!
Go Yankees!
I had to come by here on my visit to NY. Keep in mind I had been just the week before to the Brewers and Phillies stadium, but I just didn't get a wow factor from Yankee Stadium. I know that is tough to say but honestly i just found it to be pretty plain. The view is good except for certain corners of the outfield as you may not see the deep into the opposite OF. But upper middle and lower all have a nice view of the city and the field. The field itself if beautiful, but as I took a couple laps around the stadium I just didnt get anything food/drink wise that really grabbed me or any spots that were good to hang out at. I did really like the museum of all the old memorabilia. That gave me goosebumps seeing some of the items like Babe Ruth jersey and Mickey Mantel bat. You must see that if your here. I think its a must see if your a baseball fan and are in NY. Its not the greatest stadium but still is a great experience. CHEERS!!!
If your a baseball fan you have to go to Yankee Stadium. I am a San Francisco Giants fan and as you know they were originally from New York! The stadium is new but also has a feel for the old stadium. The great hall features present and past players. The tour guide was knowledgeable and funny...and yes a girl! :D This trip to Yankee Stadium inspired me to actually go out and see all the baseball stadiums around the US! Where to next...? hmmm
The best it gets when it comes to a baseball stadium! I mean really, the seats were so comfortable, the view was so good, it was like sitting on my couch but 10 times better! It was just one 'wow' moment after another coming here. There are really people whose job it is to serve me food and drinks in my seat?! I couldn't believe it. I watched as others participated in this bizarre act, and looked at the menu tucked in the seat back and debated if I could bring myself to do it. In the end I went to go grab my own food, only so I could eye it in person first. Then I was able to enjoy the best philly cheese steak of my life. It was so good! I also had a bite of a tasty steak sandwich. I never wanted to leave here!
Love the Yankees and the new stadium is nicely laid out, with plenty of friendly help. This trip was a special birthday gift for my wife, so we had seats right behind the Yankee dugout on the rail. Awesome and worth every cent for the memories. Upon arrival you get a wristband which allows you access to all of the stadium's amenities. The seats are wider and are cushioned. I guess you get what you pay for (at $260 face value). These seats come with free lunch at Legends - filet mignon, king crab, fresh shrimp, carving stations and more - a huge buffet assortment. This is an all you can eat affair. The only thing you pay for is alcohol. Same story seatside, where all the food is on the house, delivered to your seat. Each section has an assigned server who takes your order and delivers promptly. Bathrooms are in the conveniently located "private" bar, where you can cool off and watch the game as well. Service was great, the game was fun, the view from the dugout spectacular. The Yankees even won the game. Sadly, it's back to the bleachers after this.
This review is coming from a die hard Yankee fan and Robinson Cano fan!!! That alone gets my 5 star rating. Yankee stadium Home to the best team in the history of sports! I live a few trains stops away and boom in 15 minutes I am right there. I've come to the new stadium about 5 times, if that. The price of tickets is just ridiculous for real fans to enjoy. I will say that this is a place to come for constant entertainment during those dull innings you can listen to business conversations and laugh at people complain about one of their 5 bathrooms. Smh. Sit up top in the cheap seats or bleachers to get the action from the real fans who pay $25 to have a blast and watch the game. The food isn't worth their prices! Last night I sat in section 114A row 12 on the field level and was nearly bored to death by stock market talk, I am thankful that Granderson was 5-5 and hit 3 homeruns. And the YANKEES win!!!
Went for my 23rd birthday, lots of fun! It is prob. once of the cleanest places in NYC believe it or not. It was also a fairly convenient stadium.
Still not sure why they tore down the old stadium. This is nice and huge! Of course ticket prices doubled in the new stadium. ugh.
New Yankee Stadium is a huge ballpark. I was not lucky enough to see the old Yankee Stadium before they tore it down, but this new one pays homage to Yankees players of the past. Before heading to my seats up in 432, I took a quick peek at the Yankees Stadium Museum on the main level. Lots of Yankee history with displays of baseball autographs, past World Series rings and trophies, and display cases paying tribute to players like Lou Gehrig and Micky Mantle. As far as other ballparks that I have been too, this park felt less intimate since the stadium was pretty big. I just felt far from everything. The ballpark food was just okay here and nothing stood out. The stadium is easily accessible by subway. If you are a baseball fan, you must visit this stadium at least once. A lot of baseball history here.
This is a bastardized Yankee Stadium. I like how they recreated the exterior of the old, prerenovation park, and restored the facade, but that's about it. The old Yankee Stadium wasn't that beautiful a park either, but it had history, and that counts for a lot. What the Yankees decided to do, was recreate the bland park, and get rid of that history. They should be ashamed.
Mixed feelings about the new Yankee Stadium, as a lifelong Yankee fan who grew up with the history and tradition of the original (and renovated) stadium. Really deserves 3.5 stars from me. Seems to have more of a corporate mall/new condo feel to it as opposed to the tradition and history of the original ballpark. On the plus side, the food  and bathrooms are better and I like the museum area. On the downside, I will never get a chance to sit in box seats within a few rows of the Yankee dugout (not at $1,500 per seat) as I often did during my childhood (whether I paid for the seats or sneaked down)....I miss the 'redcoat' ushers from the original stadium who used to use special hand gloves and wipe down your seats before you sat in them. The crowd factor is definitely, far less intimidating to opposing teams and does not have the same energy level (too many corporate types in attendance these days, given the exorbitant ticket prices)....finally, I miss the proximity of all the local bars (i.e. Stan's, Bowling Alley Bar) that were directly across the street from the old stadium but are a bit of a further hike away from the location of the new one. Nope, this new stadium is yet another one of the new "caste system" stadiums that isolates the true fans from the corporate elitists in the front rows who wouldn't dare go after a foul ball in the stands for fear of dropping their foie grais......Rather than spending $150 for a front row seat in the upper deck at the new stadium, I prefer spending that amount in a visiting stadium to be 1 or 2 rows from the playing field in box seats behind the Yankee dugout. Call me old fashioned or realistic, but I'm not a schmuck.
Pride, Power and Pinstripes!!! (New) Yankee Stadium is AMAZING!!!! I've had the opportunity to visit both Stadiums, once in 2006 and in 2012... It's Not the House that Ruth Built, but it's definitely an appropriate home for the Bronx Bombers! I went to two games while on my 2012 Trip to NYC, one game against the Red Sox (EPIC EXPERIENCE!) and the other for against the Orioles. Seats are super comfy for the lengthy game. It's conveniently located off a Subway stop. My best way to describe the stadium is a museum in a museum inside a Stadium. Of course there's the famous Monument Park, the closest entrance is Gate 8 and plan on arriving early and lining up for two reasons: 1. It closes early (we missed the opportunity to go our first game) 2. Fans begin lining up at least 2 hours before In addition, Yankee Stadium host Hard Rock Café (didn't get a chance to visit), a Yankees Museum located on the second level that's opened until the middle of the 8th inning and free to enter! Whether you're a Yankee fan or not, the Museum was one of my favorite things about Yankee Stadium (other than the game of course and Derek Jeter!), the museum has classic baseball memorabilia from all the Yankee Legends, they have showcase displays of Babe Ruth, Mickey Mantel, Yogi Berra, the Boss George Steinbrenner, etc. They have all 27 World Series Championship Rings, well 26 and their firs title from 1912 was an elegant pocket watch! You have autograph baseballs form all the Yankees in the organization and some of the World Series Trophies. Finally to end the self museum tour, there's a photo op of you with a real life replica of the players individual lockers. The Stadium has hidden treasures from the old stadium. Walking around the stadium you'll find a jumbo Yankee hat, huge Jeter Bobble-head, Old Yankee Stadium seats, Yankee-themed Harley Davidson bike, Grand Hall with all the Legends Flags, lots of pictures and more! I feel that their attempt to bring the feel of Old Stadium to the New Stadium was great!
I gotta say, the NY Yankees really killed it when they built this brand new stadium!  It's gorgeous.  I am definitely a fan of this place.  I'm not a fan of $10 bottles of beer, but I'm willing to look past that because this place is so cutting edge for a baseball stadium.  It's kind of a nice change from the oldness of Wrigley and the "plastic-ness" of the Cell down on the Southside.
Nostalgic Review: I've actually had this draft for nearly forever not knowing where to begin. How can you possibly review one of the most well-known teams Stadium in the entire world? Well the Yankees come with a ridiculously rich history of baseball success. True that the new stadium is removed from the old, but it's the Yankees baby and I'll share a few fond memories with my fellow Yelpers in the bond. The most common meeting place of course was "The Bat". If you have to ask what was the bat then no reason to read further into this review.  I can remember countless afternoons withering away under the sun surrounded by dozens of others waiting looking on to see our friends approaching the most ubiquitous meeting spot. The old stadium, the original Yankee stadium with such amazing iconic stars like Ruth, Gerig, Mantle, Reggie & Martin to Mariano & Jeter can never be replaced in my heart. For me my love began with those great late 70s teams which was my MLB  introduction. 1978 champs went like this; Munson behind the plate was the corner stone, big Chamblis at 1st, Randolph skirting about at 2nd, Dent the Boston killer at short, Nettles at the hot corner, Mick the Quick in center, stable Roy White in left, REGGIE Mr. October in right, Pinella the dh, Catfish, Tidrow & Louisiana lightning, Sparky with the Goose waiting in the pen. Ahh yes what fine nostalgic memories. Going to the games with my mom, dad, brother & sister. Destroying popcorn, soda and of course hot dog after dog.  The sounds of the stadium. Bob Sheppard the announcer, brings chills down my spine just thinking about his unique methodical deep rich voice. Always so exciting and of course back then affordable. Fast forward and now the stadium has become much more of a  big company Sky box venue. Families can only afford to go to the stadium maybe once a year. Still there's nothing like the Lure of the Bronx Bombers for me!
Let's get the positives out of the way. Beautiful stadium and clean bathrooms. Now then, FUCK YOU YANKEE STADIUM. Seriously. I went to a concert here recently and, from the second I got out of the taxi, I knew it would be bad, like prostate-check-by-a-fingerless-doctor bad. The line to get in the VIP section was longer than a football field (actually longer), wrapping around the building and butting against another line for seats at Gate 2 (and it was NOT just VIP, it was everybody). When we got to the front of the line, 1 hour later, we saw that there were three "security" checkpoints, each manned by 3 staff members. Do the math. 30,000 people (the other half went to gate 2). Nine staff members to check their tickets, ask stupid questions, NOT frisk them (get to this in a minute), and tape wrist bands onto the hair of your wrist. Fucking genius management here. So we get past the confederacy of idiots at Gate 4 and a new gauntlet embraces us. Beer stands, and there were few, each manned by two or three "people". Lines, again, stretching to the Sahara and beyond (it was HOT as hell in there). Beer, provided in a 16 oz "souvenir" cup, was $11 and you could only buy one at a time. And it was Bud or Bud Light. And the beer servers hated their lives and their job and the world they lived in, which I believe was Mordor when they were not at the stadium. Food was outrageous and less than nutritional, be it a slice of cardboard pizza with chez (I refuse to call it cheese, for this would insult the race of cow) or a bowl a soup from the Noodle Bowl, with noodles that were devoid of all personality and reason to live. On to the field. Another less annoying couple of checkpoints by persons that asked for your ticket and DID NOT LOOK AT IT when the big-boobied broad (BBB) in the blue striped halter top walked by made me feel less than safe (BBB was later seen dirty dancing for some bored NYP standing at the VIP gate as Metallica' front-man James Hetfield looked down in disgust while singing "Flash before my eyes, Now it's time to die"). I saw cameras (not phones, CAMERAS) and flasks and smelled plenty of weed to make me think my shoes were filled with peanut butter. TALKING peanut butter. Once my head cleared, I thought about the cameras and the flasks. What a FANTASTIC job at the numerous checkpoints they had. I understand there are a few religious nuts out there (and some lone wolfs) that want to do Americans more harm but damn, if were going to go through security checkpoints, at least have enough people to man them and do them RIGHT. Anybody could have walked in with a gun or dynamite or whatever is hip for terrorists these days. Completely disgusted with this stadium. What a horrific way to treat people that spent a mess of cash alone on tickets, not to mention food/beer/tetanus shots. Not in a million years will I ever go back there. I intend to spend a LOT of money at Mets Stadium from now on.
I hate the Yanks, but the replacement of the old stadium was well overdo. One could easily romanticize the old place, but it had far more cons than pros. The fan experience is what makes New York one of the best places to watch a game.
Huge, beautiful stadium with any and every amenity you could want in a baseball stadium. The food is good (garlic fries, steak sandwich, and sweet Italian sausage are the best things there)... However you can't breathe in here without spending money, and lots of it. Everything is SO overpriced... Water is $5, fries are $10, beers are also very pricey... I mean I expected it to be expensive but I just couldn't believe the water was $5... Oy. Anyways, Yankee stadium is always a great time- we've gone for games as well as concerts and it's one of the largest, nicest baseball stadiums we've been to!
How do you rebuild Yankee stadium? That's just kinda wrong. A place so steeped in history, you have some pretty big shoes to fill. Luckily, the new Yankee stadium knocks it out of the park. (See what I did there?) You're right in NYC, so the stadium is easily accessible by public transit. Like the people in NYC, the concessions are a little bit of everything- a white tablecloth restaurant, sushi, Cuban, Italian, and the usual ballpark fare. We had seats in the 100 level which were quite comfy and came with a server. The stadium is a nice size so you feel like you're a part of the action. I'm hard pressed to find any inconsistencies, besides you know, the Yankee batters :/
I like Citi Filed more but this is a great ad beautiful stadium itself. I like what they did with the place. Major upgrade from "The Houe that Ruth Built". Great view from anywhere in the stadium. The bathrooms are way better too.
The stadium that greed built. I always considered the old stadium as one of the 3 most historic ballparks after Fenway and Wrigley. While the amenities were not perfect, there was a special charm and aura that went with the stadium. Once you walked off the train, you were practically in the stadium. Now it feels like a 15 minute walk to go from the train to the stadium. The new stadium kind of looks like the old stadium but it's on steroids. It looks like an imposter of the old stadium. While the amenities are much nicer, I'm sure the Red Sox could have better amenities than Fenway. The ticket prices are out of control and the restaurants are generic chains like Johnny Rockets. The new stadium does not have the same buzz or noise that the old had.
Still Home to Evil but Minus the fans It is a fun place to watch a ballgame.
2 words: me likes
First time here was June 2013 for the Dodgers vs Yankees series.  We were only going to go to Game 1 of the 2 game series but game 1 was rained out so the next day we stood for the double header!  We arrived early but didn't do much the 1st day as it was pouring rain. No BP, just walked around a bit. Usually new ballparks are really nice and amazing.  This one was just ok.  It feels like you're in a business building.  They have a lot of merchandise and things to eat (that Lobel's prime rib sandwich WOW!!!!).  The staff was pretty friendly and strict with not letting you get up close to get autographs.  Unless you have a ticket for a certain section, you can only get so close.  Ticket prices were really higher than I'm used too.  Didn't get to see monument park again, it has such a weird schedule. When in NY, I prefer Citi Field.
I was raised by my grandmother to be a Yankee fan and nothing will ever change that. The old stadium will never come close to the new stadium, but this is definitely a nice ballpark. It's very open and bright, quite inviting. Definitely not intimidating like some other places. The place is just gorgeous, and they did a great job with Monument Park. I would definitely recommend getting there early to check out all the amenities and the views. Also bring wheelbarrows of cash....but that's any sporting even these days!
Ok I must admit that if the stars didn't align the way they did, I would not have made it tithe other night for the Yankee game. But alas, my brother got the field level tickets and I had a craving for some Philly cheesesteaks and ballpark beer, so off I went. Some pluses are that it really is not that bad to get there, 30 mins on a good day. Next, the food was yummy. Philly cheesesteak - yum! Fried Oreos -double yum! It's a nice stadium and if you are lucky enough to get free field level seats, make the trip. The seats are comfy and there is bougie waiter service and nothing beats a nice baseball game on a clear cool nyc night.
The mekkah of baseball. We were in the 214b section and the view was perfect, but walking around the field you could tell it was great from everywhere - just different perspectives. Also, in hindsight I'd still buy the 200 level but you could buy it way in the outfield and then just watch the game standing closer to the bases - visibility is just as good and you have easy access to food & beer, which is what makes the game enjoyable in the first place. One star less because the food and beverage quality is really mediocre.
Yankees Legends Suites.  As a baseball fan it doesn't get any more grand than this.  This is baseball on the biggest stage in the world and in perhaps the greatest luxury.  You don't need to be a Yankees fan to feel the electricity and enjoy the experience here.  Let's "Play Ball!" Parking, though expensive ($35), was remarkably easy and fast, especially for an urban setting.   The walk up to the stadium is memorable.  The white facade is more impressive in person than in any pictures you may have seen.  We were extremely fortunate to have gotten Legends Suite tickets for a Yankees/Angels game.  All I can say is, "wow".  This is an all inclusive experience that includes unlimited food, non alcoholic beverages and seats in one of the 1800 seats right behind home plate. With lots of friendly staff to direct and assist, you are shepherded through two huge restaurants towards your field level seats.  Before getting there we couldn't help but stop for a bite.  This is not standard ballpark fare.  The buffet included sushi, carved meats, and an incredible seafood selection.  I opted for the latter which consisted of lobster tails, crab legs, stone crab claws and the best u-peel shrimp I have had in a long time.  The food was amazing for a ballpark.  Service was hurried and spotty, but we, too, were hurried to get to our seats.  On the way out of the restaurant is a wall of candy and snacks.  Cracker Jacks, Peanut Chews, Twix, Snickers, Three Musketeeers, Twizzlers and much more...  All part of the package, so like a kid in the proverbial candy store I grabbed a few of each! Seats in section 022 were amazing, right next go the visitors dugout, close enough to say hi to our favorite players.  Of course the sight lines were terrific, but looking around they looked great from every vantage point in the place. Scoreboards were perhaps the second best I've seen, Citi Field being slightly preferred in my book, as the Mets outfield screens had better clarity and brightness. That said, the Yankees outfield is a wealth of easy to see information, and the central big screen in center field is absolutely beautiful, showing both player stats and those Sports Center-style replays.   Throughout the game hosts and hostesses check on you at your seats.  There is an extensive menu to choose from with things like hamburgers and hot dogs, peanuts and ice cream, and all kinds of drinks, complimentary.  They even brought out sunscreen for everyone on this bright, sunny NYC day.  My dermatologist appreciates that! I haven't found a better experience than the Yankees Legends Suite.  The best of everything that I love.  Baseball, food, and great friends. Oh, and the Yankees beat my hometown Angels, 7-5.  Today, after this first class NYC treatment, I couldn't have cared less.  Sorry, Mike Sciocia.  Yankees stadium is awesome and stole today's show.
Compared to the old stadium, this place is cleaner, newer and the food selection is FABULOUS. Their shredded "Fake" crab salad at the sushi counter is fantastic. Of course everything is overpriced, but that's how it goes in every ball park! I would recommend to bring your own sandwiches and closed bottles of soda (if they're already opened, be prepared to toss them) into the stadium and just having one or two "special" snacks so you don't go completely broke. Also, their beer is actually very reasonably priced for a stadium, especially the stella artois on tap! I am a diehard Yankee fan who has been here and to the old stadium TONS of times (playoffs and reg season). LET'S GO YANKS!!!
I was just at the game this past Saturday and it was great! The food in the legends suite was great quality, the service was consistent and the bartender was very friendly! Yankees played a good game too so that helps, drinks are obviously pricey but well worth it for the experience you get at the Yankee stadium. The big bonus is being able to take the train directly to the new stadium, all in all a great experience and would recommend it to anyone willing to spend money, loves Yankees and baseball!
Let me preface this review by saying that although I am from "Yankee Country" (southern CT), I went to college in Boston and currently live in Boston. I'm a Red Sox fan and love Fenway Park. HOWEVER, Yankee Stadium is an awesome stadium. We went in mid July for a Yankees/Sox game (Sox actually won!) and while walking around to find our seats, my husband commented that he felt like he was in enemy territory... Like the Death Star. And I totally felt the same. One word describes this stadium: Massive. During the game, I said "you could fit Fenway in here 3 times." We were seated pretty high up, but were under the overhang, so we were shaded and remained cool. We could still see the game really well and the seats had plenty of leg room. Everything is clean and new, obviously, and the popcorn is the best I've ever had!! Obviously, food is expensive and I have to say, I was pretty bothered that EVERYTHING that happened on the giant screen was sponsored by some major company. I know they have to pay the bills, but it was a bit ridiculous! Overall, this is an awesome stadium to watch a ball game. Even if it IS enemy territory!
The new Yankee Stadium is great. This is my second time seeing a game here - both times sitting in the 300-400 sections - and both times had good views. Aside from the addition of the indoor restaurants and bars, they still have their great variety of casual eats: Italian Sausage, Burgers, Pizza, Philly Cheesesteak, BBQ, Fries (you HAVE to try their Garlic Fries!! They're soooooooo good), Ice Cream, Beer, etc. The food is pricey but it's expected. Bathrooms are easily accessible. Walking within the levels is easier now since it's so much more spacious. Lots of historical Yankee memories to see while walking around.
Wow!! Great view. And easy to get to from the trains. Love a great ball game! - Hot Sausage links - Fresh Popcorn - Garlic Fries - Lemonade - Chicken Fingers - duh duh duh duh
I've been going to Yankee Games my entire life and there is no better place to see a game. Growing up at the old stadium, it's hard to get use to the change. The stadium is beautiful. You can still pregame at the same local pubs as the old stadium. However, parking that use to be $7 has skyrocketed to $35. Not sure this was really necessary and with few options, plan to pay this if you are driving to a game.
This is an absolutely beautiful stadium. I will always miss the old Stadium but this place was great.
Came here for the game Sunday afternoon vs. Cincinnati with my family and had a wondeful time. This was about my fourth time coming to the new stadium and I still get excited when I get off the train! NY just has that special something that makes you feel like a little kid all over again. We sat in the cheap bleacher seats in center field but they were great. I had to get up a few times due to the heat and my toddler but that's to be expected. We were surrounded by friendly people, both fans and employees. Food/drink prices are expensive but it's NY and a major league sporting event, so you have to plan accordingly. It was Fan Ring day and the ring they gave the kids was awesome-my husband and I couldn't believe the quality of the give-away. The Yanks always go all out, that's for sure! We will be back again and again, God willing.
As a Red Sox fan, I have to say that I've been to better. Fenway is my holy land and Yankee Stadium is like entering hell. My problem is that I live in NYC and I love baseball so I only have two choices when it comes to game time. Since I seem to frequently get free tickets to the Yankees. I go even though I usually end up wishing that I just trekked to Boston instead.
Whether or not you are a Yankee fan, there's a lot of history here for any baseball fan to enjoy.  Get here 2-3 hrs before game time for a real experience.  Take a stroll through monument park and rub Babe Ruth's forehead, the Yankees museum to see some great memorabilia, meet your favorite players during batting practice, maybe even catch some fly balls!  The food here isn't as great/gourmet as Citifield, their crosstown rival, but I always opt for Carl's cheese steaks when I am here.
Clean, classy, ritzy amongst the grunge...NYC Surprisingly not that expensive beer. And of course, Yankees :)
Yankee Stadium= my Disney Land. My happiest place on earth. The most beautiful man made structure in NYC. Its such an incredible experience, getting off the 4 train to see blue, white, and pinstripes every direction you look. It's so moving, seeing eager fans flocking to the gates of the stadium while hearing radios blasting "New York State of Mind." It makes you really proud of our city and our Yankees! Every New Yorker should experience a Yankee game, the real way. WITH THE BLEACHER CREATURES- SECTION 203! P.S: BOX SEATS SUCK! BOX SEATS SUCK! BOX SEATS SUCK!
NYC at it's finest.  The prices may be high but the food at the park is actually edible.  It's close to Manhattan, is convenient to get to and is the best way to feel like a New Yorker for a day!
It's a nice ballpark that's easy to get to.
My first Yankee game and yes I was born in NYC.  Don't hate me but I am not really a Yankee's fan.  I was more interested in watching the fans react to the Yankee's losing than the actual game.  I didn't realize that for some fans this is like their religion and it was really creepy to watch them.  You can see the older people who have worship the Yankees all their life by their outfit and their behavior.  This is a great place to study sociology. The new Yankee Stadium is very nice, however our free seats (from a friend) were nose bleed seats way up in the clouds.  The hot dogs were good.  But what I really did not like was the stupit commericals on the large digital screen giving away $25 gift certificates.  Who cares? Also it was non-stop noise, there was no gap of silence in the entire event   The place also has the largest HDTV screen in the world.  The place was packed.   But I believe everyone should experience a Yankee game because it is a cult unto itself and as far as cults go, this is fairly harmless.   Take me out to the ball game...
4 came before 6, thanks yanks.
had tix for a rained out game, so i missed the chance to boo cano (which i did, like crazy, a week later in oakland @ double header, sitting 4 rows behind home plate for $45!) the game that i got replacement tix for was delayed by rain for about 2.5 hours, so i didn't go. emailed the yanks, got no response. from now on, i'll just watch from home, save a lot of money, and watch the yanks choke, in part because they play in front of tons of empty plush seats.
Obviously I'm going to give five stars since the Yankees have been my favorite team since birth. I'm pretty sure my Dad put me in a NYY onesie when I came out of the womb. ANYWAYS, that's another matter. I've visited the old stadium and the new stadium many times. The new stadium is a huge improvement. Everything is spectacularly clean and new. The field and inside the stadium is breathtaking. I consider myself as one of the "bleacher creatures". Every game I attend I prefer to sit in the bleachers (section 201-204). The crowd in these seating areas get way more pumped up. I love the fact you can drink in the bleachers now. Have your ID ready because they card everybody and it just makes the line move faster. There's never really too many families unless you're going to a weekend game. Great place to drink some expensive beers and get rowdy! The Mohegan Sun Sports Bar was another thing I got to experience. The drinks and food are expensive, but it's an awesome view and great if it's too cold or rainy outside. There's never a problem finding a bathroom. There's always one close in vicinity anywhere you sit. There are also plenty of ATM's since you're gonna need "moolah" when you're going to a baseball game. Just a tip: I like to pre-game at Yankee Tavern and maybe grab a reasonably priced burger or chicken tenders. The beers range from $5-$7 and it's always filled with pumped up Yankee fans ready for the game!
Went to go see the Yankees when they were playing the Reds.  We got to the stadium really early and watched the players come in by gate 8.  There are a lot of nice fans that hangout outside and can tell you who is coming down the street because they come so much they know the players cars.  We got some really good pics of the players coming in so that was a great start to the day. When we went into the stadium we had passes on our tickets to go to the Mohegan Sun Casino restaurant.  This place first off has a great view of centerfield that will have you snapping photos as the players warm up on the field.  The Reds were warming up when we were eating but it was still great.  This place has a great little set up of bars inside and great service.  Don't forget to look straight up at the lights either as they are old players baseball cards.  Really a nice touch.  The food is your basic bar food and I would highly recommend that if you LOVE garlic that you get the garlic fries.  They were insane on the amount of garlic but were so good.  I had a Brooklyn burger and it was prepared really well and I had no complaints.  Wasn't the best burger I've had but better than what you get in most stadiums.  I'll warn you all of this comes at the price of exactly what you think you will pay in Yankee Stadium.  Expensive!   We then went to our seats which were great and the atmosphere of this stadium is just great as well.  We later got some dipping dots in the upside down Yankee helmet and those were a nice treat.  Overall in a day where the Yankees didn't win it was a great day at the ballpark.  It's obvious that I would recommend a day at Yankee Stadium whether you are a Yankee fan or not.  This should be on your bucket list regardless.
I am by no means a baseball fan, but I always enjoyed going to watch the game (and eating my one obligatory hotdog for the year). So one would think that at some point in the two summers I've spent in New York, I'd have made the trek up on the 4 train to catch a Yankee game at some point.... NOT. I went for the first time yesternight for the Rangers v. Islanders a la NHL's Winter Classic.  That's right - my first Yankee Stadium experience was watching a hockey game... whaaaaat. Despite the mobs of hockey fans decked out in Rangers/Islanders gear, I felt like I was in Yankee Stadium. There is Yankee pride everywhere you look, and so it's impossible to ignore the Yankee history all around you. And the stadium itself? So damn clean and classy, with great views from the seats  and easy access from the subway to boot. I think we have a winner here. The tickets weren't cheap (even for the 400s!), I nearly froze to death (despite my seven layers of clothes), and the concessions/beers are expensive (as expected).... but soooo worth the experience. I can't wait to come back when it's warm to catch a Yankee game. I'll even put up with warm beer!
As a Yankee fan I can say with a little sadness that Fenway, Wrigley and even Camden Yards have nothing to worry about. And I had great seats, given to me. Otherwise, I wouldn't have spent $200 each on 4 seats. Yes lots of food options, but do yourself a favor, go eat at Arthur Avenue in the Bronx before the game, and don't worry so much about the food. The place seemed a little sterile, a little quiet. Maybe the rich people who can afford the seats aren't as enthusiastic as the bleacher creatures.
I am not a baseball fan but as a NY tourist, this is the place to see.  We took a tour of the stadium and had a great time seeing the club house and other Yankee facilities not open to the public.  I can see from our guides face how passionate he is about his team and the sport.  Recommended to everyone!
Went to the game on June 20. Awesome time had a few brews, kept hearing about these amazing garlic fries, which btw are amazing but if u have acid reflux like myself... Don't do it! Always wanted to have a hotdog at the stadium ...was heaven!!!
Cool park, with modern amenities, etc., but seems to be a shell of the former House That Ruth Built. It's not as open as many of the other new parks (Pittsburgh, Philly, Texas, San Fran, Citi Field, etc.), and I think that hurts a little bit. They did do a nice job preserving much of the old look & feel, but somethings just not quite the same. I sat one section away from the Bleacher Creatures, and while they didn't have too much to go crazy about tonight, the whole place just felt reserved. Dead quiet at times. Then, of course, there is the $12 Goose Island Pale Ale pints. Just amazing. But, this is the Big Apple, baby.... and, this is a corporate castle. I wonder what George would say if I could tell him there are better vendor options (both food & drink) in Flushing? I can't say it's great for kids... at least not where I was sitting, but the most entertaining line of the night came in the bottom of the first when some clown screamed, "Markakis, your mother's a whore!". One huge tip: StubHub is your friend. I paid $9 (closer to $20 with fees) for a seat in the 9th row of section 202. Not bad. I probably still wouldn't have made it to the park yet if it wasn't for this find. Seems crazy to me that tickets are not priced to sell the place out... given that this is the current AL East leading club & 27 time world champions. Perhaps, that's where the problems start.
First, let me say, that I miss the Old Yankees Stadium!! That place was magical and nothing can replace it !!!! But, the new stadium is an awesome place too. The great halls are decorated Yankee Greats and the you have to visit the museum on first base side, 2nd level is a place every fan must see. There is a lot of baseball history in there. The new stadium is what I call...The House that Jeter Built...he is that once in a lifetime player that comes along. Most fans don't really understand or appreciate the what he means to this team and to the game of baseball. A lot of people just think about the long ball, but that doesn't win championships. Having players like Jeter, makes other players and their team better and in the position to win. The Right Field Bleacher creatures are great, with the roll call...can't find that anywhere else. I sat there during the 08 ASG (and stayed the entire game) and had a blast. The new stadium has tons of food stands, sit down restaurants, stores and bars to satisfy your every desire. But you have to go for the purity of the game, not all the bells & whistles.
Yankees stadium is a sick place. If u don't leave full or drunk u are not enjoy yourself to the fullest u can be . All kinds of beers , drink and bar that catch your eye once u are in . The restaurant are crazy feel like u are in a food court at a mall with all the different chooses from sushi to hot dog to steak the have it all. The Yankees store is pretty sweet and the building has so much from all the yankees of the past and the future which is pretty sick . Yankees yankees
Come hungry. The smell is intoxicating when you enter the stadium. From philly cheese steaks to the bronx bomber hot dogs & Nathan's cheese fries (which are a hit). Be prepared to spend $$$ because it isn't cheap. A can of Stella was $10.75.
The new Yankee Stadium food is pretty good as far as stadium food goes.  I had a cheese steak and garlic fries.  Both were surprisingly good.  I am glad that the concession stands stepped it up a bit after the new stadium was built.   There are plenty of options to choose from.  Burgers, hot dogs, sausages, Johnny Rockets, Pizza, etc.  My only complaint would be that they are charging 5 bucks for a bottle of water.  That is pretty steep.
Five stars for the history of the franchise. Really should be 4. The House that Ruth Built would automatically get 5. Still a fun experience, especially when with good friends. Food not as good as Shea.
What an excellent experience! The history museum is a must see. The stadium is relatively clean. They have many concession stands which helps you avoid long lines. Expensive, but a great baseball fan experience...... Travel to and from by subway is very easy even with the large crowds.
If you're going to replace a legendary ballpark, you gotta be bold... and that's just what they did with the new Yankee Stadium! One of my pet peeves with some newer ballparks is how they've tried to make the place feel retro and copy off of Camden Yards. While the new Yankee Stadium does use design elements from the original Stadium, especially the exterior and the frieze over the upper deck canopy, they went ahead and gave the place a contemporary, modern feel, with metal mesh railings, and streamlined, non-holed seats. There's digital signage to direct fans to escalators, elevators, and ramps to upper levels (and the EIGHT (8) elevators from the main lobby concourse are HUGE). The sightlines are exceptional, and there is a clear view of the field from the concourses, so you can get a peek while you return from getting refreshments or using the restroom. The food, drink prices are high as you'd expect, but I found service to be fast and courteous (if I have to pay a lot of money, could I get it quickly and with a smIle K THX). There were some boisterous, drunk young fans in my section, and the stadium staff and NYPD helped take control of the situation quickly. The New York Yankees (who beat the Cleveland Indians handily that night, 7-1) are among the best, most professional teams you'll find in sports, and the Yankee Stadium staff and experience is no different. I also really enjoyed hearing and seeing Paul Cartier on the Hammond organ... another must at a baseball game! Even if you're not a Yankees fan, you need to come to a game here sometime!
Even though our SF Giants were not in the world series this year, I enjoyed watching them play the Yankees and won 2 to 1 while I was on vacation in NYC on 9/22/13. espn.go.com/mlb/recap?ga… I even met some Giants fans there and we all cheered one another. Huge stadium and did not feel as nice as our AT&T Park in San Francisco. The selection of food is also not as good as AT&T Park. I was trying to get their "famous" giant soft pretzel but they either ran out or we had to wait 10-15 minutes. Eventually I got tired of waiting and got a cold one for $10 that was probably the worst "soft" pretzel I have ever tried. The Yankee fans were pretty cool to us wearing their opponents' T shirts though.
When I read my Daughter Allison's review I decided to add one of my own. I mean I was the one who introduced her to the Yankees... When the Stadium was across the street it was first known as the "House that Ruth Built". Then in the early 70s it became known as the "House that Lindsay Remodeled". Then in 2009 they moved it across the street where it became the "House that George Built". Now do not get me wrong I am a life long Yankees fan. I grew up four blocks from the Stadium in the 50s. I saw Mantle, Maris, Berra, Martin, Rizzuto, Nettles, Gossage, Guidry and now Jeter and his teams. I think I like the new Stadium much better than the old one. It now looks like the original House that Ruth Built and not some remodeled makeover. Wow sounds great right? Now you wanna go to a game? Ya wanna take the whole family? OK, depending on whether you can find affordable seats IF you can find any seats at all that you can afford. Be prepared to spend a lot of money. It may be cheaper to take the family to Disney World. OK, you've managed to buy your way into the Stadium. If you live in the city, DO NOT DRIVE THERE. The NYC subway gets you there quickest and with less hassle. The last time we took our car there, it took over an hour to get out of the $25 (now $35) garage. The subway gets me home in 45 minutes. Get there about 2 hours before game time. You can visit Monument Park and the Yankees Museum. Then take a stroll around the different levels to see the many food options that are now available. You are allowed to bring your own food and beverages into the Stadium. No bottles and all beverages must be unopened. If it fits into a 16x16x8 bag, MLB rules allow you to bring it in. I always bring my own food and beverages. You can also buy bags of peanuts, snacks and drinks from the many stores on 161st Street. You can buy Yankees souvenirs inside the Stadium but they are cheaper at the many shops along River Ave. near the Stadium. Now depending on what year you are reading this your team may vary. As I write this the team is six games into the 2013 season and has only won 2 games. Most if their best players are on the disabled list and only two of their pitchers show any sign of remembering how to pitch.
Yankee Stadium is large, almost too big. With being able to seat so many fans, it loses its personality and feels less like a baseball stadium. But the huge fan base makes up for its lack of personality, with the stadium almost always full. Who doesn't want to see the Yankees? They're so clutch and their games are usually more than exciting. But sometimes baseball can be slow, so you can walk around the stadium. Fortunately, the grounds are huge with dozens of stands ranging from sausage, hot dogs, specialty french fries, Nathan's, Chinese, Japanese, Lobel's Prime Beef Sandwiches, fried dill pickles at Brother Jimmy's BBQ, cheese steaks at Carl's Steaks, burgers, several eat-in restaurants and more. Beers are also fairly cheap, Bud Lights are $6 for a small (slightly smaller than a pint), and $11 for a large (about twice the size of a small) in a souvenir cup. Other specialty beers can command twice the price. But finding and getting to each food stand can be daunting and almost exhausting. I had to ask about 5 Yankee staff where the fried pickles and they had no idea. The 6th seemed to have an idea and sent me in the general vicinity, but walking around a stadium that takes about 15-20 minutes to walk around can get real old fast. With that being said, the food is decent but no where even close to Citifield's top-notch dining options. You sort of go to Yankees if you're either a Yankee fan, or a first-timer to Yankee Stadium. I wouldn't exactly go to just hang out with some friends, and if you do, you're probably not really watching the game because you're so darn far from the field. Sorry Yankees, you're stadium has lost its feel. Go to Citifield for a better baseball and good eats experience.
Go Yankees!! I'm a fan, and what can you say about beloved Yankees and their giant stadium that all but destroyed some beautiful parkland?? sorry, got off track. Great stadium, although lacking in food choices. Even Citi Field did a better job. But it's definitely a monument to greatest sports franchise ever, so that's cool. wish it wasn't sooo far away in a land called da' Bronx.
Let me be clear... I HATE the Yanks. But I'm one of the most unbiased reviewers you will find. Despite being a doe hard Red Sox and everything Boston fan I will not give this place anything less than a 4 stars. There is propaganda for the Evil Empire everywhere and these fans are arrogant as heck but even so they are some what passionate. Passion that was clearly lacking over at Citi Field. Other than Petco Park I think this place had the most diverse choice of foods and even sit in restaurants which looked super nice... probably super expensive too. The cost of tickets is a little more hefty here but the food costs are average stadium food costs. I had pulled pork nachos and they were actually really good like restaurant style pulled pork. Park itself is maintained well and they have fan friendly service walking around everywhere. Although I personably despise it... they have a Yankees museum and hall of fame areas which I guess is neat for their fans.
By a stroke of luck, my folks and I found tickets for tonight's game on stub-hub that were pretty much a steal for what you will pay for a Major League game these days. And versus Boston no less!! What luck! It was my first Yankee game in about a decade or so and I was super excited to see the new stadium which I have heard very positive things about even though they have indeed turned it into a mega-complex of sorts complete with touristy fan shops and lots and lots of food choices. I had a good time at the old stadium even though my memory of it is somewhat shady. I was very very pleased with the ease of parking which apparently was not the case with the previous stadium which I heard was always a nightmare. Everything here to do with putting your wheels away so you can enjoy a good game was very straightforward and without hassle or strife. Of course, it's always better when you save money on tolls, gas, and parking by taking the subway, but this was alright. Crowds before and after the game and mile-long lines of cars trying to get in and out of the area are simply part of the nature of the beast and are unavoidable. Parking is a whopping 35 dollars, watch out. Prepare to get taken for the ride of your life at this place. Over-sized elevators for getting to your level quickly are definitely a plus! My parents and I were smart and did what turned out to be what a few other people were doing too..we packed sandwiches and water in a cooler to eat before going into the stadium since one, they definitely won't let you in with your own food, and two, while we may buy snacks (which we do and pay our souls for anyways) we weren't going to buy actual dinner fare as the outrageous cost of a hamburger or hotdog will leave your wallet feeling violated for days. However, I do hear that they charge so much for food because they spent so much constructing the new stadium that they need to make up the revenue. Pretzels were ok, but could have been fresher. Drink cups have no lids. That is ridiculous and I have no doubts that that has resulted in spills and accidents up the wazoo. I gotta have my dippin' dots and the rainbow sorbet one was tasty! What is crazy is that here at the new stadium, you can find just about anything..steak, sushi (if you can believe it), and pizza. See? Disney Land. I guess those corporate sponsors make it all possible. There is something magical about a night baseball game..the bright lights, the beautiful green field, and the pitch black background. While I wasn't happy when I first got the news that they were ripping down a national monument dear to American heritage, I can understand how in many ways the confines of the old stadium simply weren't able to accommodate the pressures of what today's sports-goers demand anymore. This new stadium is quite good and will last, I know it. It is a decent and respectable improvement and will build a legacy through time like its predecessor. And you can still see the 4 train going by in a crack in the stadium wall :)
Plain and simple... It's not "The House That Ruth Built."  They should have kept the old one.  All though the new stadium looks nice it doesn't come close to beating the history of the original.  It almost feels like a lazy attempt by New York to keep a legend going because they did not want to get their hands dirty and fix up a classic. So go enjoy your games at this new stadium New York but just know that you guys tore down a piece of history that will never be replaced. If you are planning a trip based around a ballpark go to Wrigley or Fenway.  Hell, if I was in New York I would rather go to Madison Square Garden. Don't waste your time with this modern day remake of a legend that has no classic feel.
Really so-so stadium. Before Yankee Stadium, I had never been to a stadium where whole sections of people had to stand up and move away because a rat was on the loose. The stadium has no real character, and they don't even shoot fireworks when homeruns are scored. Probably some kind of city ordinance, but still. When you're accustomed to the baseball experience at St. Louis Cardinals games, Yankee games are a big letdown. Also, Citi Field is nicer. Sorry, Yankees fans.
Seriously, who doesn't like the Yankees?!  I love the Steakhouse and I found fried Twinkies in the stadium!
This was my first visit to the remodeled Yankee Stadium and I was super excited to go to a Sunday game against the CWS. I bought tickets on Ticketmaster and selected to pick them up at Will Call in order to avoid the $2.50 charge to print at home. I could not believe the MASSIVE line outside Will Call when I got to the stadium. This was absolutely absurd. I made sure to get to the game, what I thought was earlier enough, so we could see the national anthem and opening line-up, but ohhhhh no. Didn't not take into account a giant line for us to pick-up our tickets. If I had known it was going to take SOOO long that we missed all of the opening game things AND the 1st inning, I would have just printed the dang tickets for $2.50. Which, is also ridiculous that I have to spend money to use my printer, my paper and my ink to print the tickets that I purchased online. So, just a warning...if you intend to actually see the entire game, just print your tickets at home.
Had a good time VIP , imagine I would enjoy it with tickets had only gone to the old stadium beforehand
Home of the best baseball team ever!!! Great place to spend a day
some major history here. nice old style facade. here for 1st game of last of home series for Mr. Jeter. Great museum and food was decent. outside area was a little dirty and since it was Jeter mania, a lot of stuff in the gift shop were Jeter related. geez
Each time I come to the "new" stadium, I'm more impressed than the last. This place is a living museum to the legacy of the greatest team in baseball history. The tickets aren't cheap (nor are the concessions), but you get your money's worth. Almost every seat has something going for it (good planning), but the bleachers are my favorite low-cost option. And kudos for the decent food options. Kudos on offering Goose Island beers (tip: get 'em at the entrance).
Yankee stadium has the magic that people are drawn to. The magic is derived from it's storied history of great players and winning ways. It is indeed the Cathedral of baseball. I have been a season ticket holder for 5 years, sitting mostly in the upper deck area by the third base side just outside the bases. My seats are currently in the bleachers, and I'd recommend these for people visiting the stadium. Just the best value for your money and best fan experience.  Right behind you is a stand that offers various international beers. Unlike the old stadium, the bleacher area is connected with the rest of the stadium. Overall, I feel the stadium is very much like the old yankee stadium but with better food options. I've tried the Carl's Steaks stand, but it's rather bland. Stick with the premio sausage and a beer. Or chicken tenders and fries. Visit the yankee museum if you have time. There are food options nearby too, so feel free to pick up a $1 water or gatorade and some snacks before you head in. They'll let you bring in a bottled drink. I believe there is a bag policy although women can bring in a hand bag. A back pack or something of like size will need to be checked in the bowling alley across the street, which will cost you about $5 I believe. There are also bars nearby if you want to get your drink on. A quick ride from manhattan.
The stadium is gorgeously situated in downtown Bronx. Take a tour before a game and see all that this (relatively) new stadium has to offer. You can get a hotdog & beer for ~$10. Go see the Captain, #2 DEREK JETER, in his final season!
Yankee Stadium is big. Concrete. Gray. Big. Restaurants and museums and food stands and paraphernalia shops...yes. But man, it's not as cool as I thought it would be after they talked it up so much. I like Citi Field much better; it's colorful and interactive and just a more exciting baseball experience.
finally went back to yankke stadium to check out legends of summer tour.jay z did his thing with special guest alicia keys.he did give it to me with justin i was in section 220.justin bought out timbaland.my section was bunch of radio station winners from hot97 and power105.
This is a beautiful stadium. What every baseball fan dreams of when it comes to watching the game. I've bought $100 rickets to $20 tickets and I will tell you that both experiences are awesome and fun. I donvt think there a bad seat in the house. Yes concessions are expensive for the family on a tight budget, so grab lunch/dinner beforehand but splurge on a traditional hot dog to get into it.
Been a Yankee fan since 1990(thanks pops). Stadium is a sandbox for lefties (which definitely helps us and hurts us). Definitely worth the money spent as all the bars/restaurants/museum/shops are amazing. Prices have gone a bit high lately which forces me to only go once or twice a year now but still enjoyable everytime .. Especially when we win. Not the same with the Boss (RIP George) but looking forward to next season as always. Go Yanks!!
Thankfully the new stadium wasn't named after a bank or a corporate sponsor. Yankee Stadium; as it should be.
Came here to watch the Dodgers play the Yankees. They have a couple of cool museum type areas in the stadium filled with either statues of players and their World Series trophies. Definitely worth checking out if you're here. Can't really say much more about the stadium except that they have a really big screen.
Great job with the new stadium... As far as a baseball fan's experience is concerned, they did a fine job with the setup! The cheap seats in the new stadium are closer tho the action than the cheap seats of the old stadium. The only concern is the bleacher seats on either side of the restaurant in centerfield. Between those two sections, there are over 1000 obstructed view seats. If someone says they have cheap cheap cheap seats in the bleachers, find out where they are first! Otherwise, you won't see part of the outfield on the opposite side of where you're sitting. Beers are 6 bucks for small cups, 10 bucks for big cups, 9 bucks for bottles if the beer guy is in the stands..and you'll pay at least 8 for good beer choices. 12 if it's a big cup!
Of all the reviews I've done on Yelp, this will be the most biased of all. I'm a New Yorker. I'm a Yankees fan. Hell if I'm going to bad-mouth my own home stadium! This will never replace old Yankee stadium. It'll be its own new Yankee Stadium. Beautiful ballpark, inside and out. Love the giant screens, I think it can only be beaten by Cowboys Stadium. If I had all the money in the world, you bet I'd want those luxury seats behind home plate. Alas, my money supply is finite. The food selections are excellent. But be prepared to pay. It's excellent ballpark food. But it's still ballpark food. Save up before you go. When you get there, don't hold back and have a good time. Cheer for the Yankees. Meet the most passionate fans ever. And last but not least: GO YANKEES!
The Yankees stadium is just delightful to be at especially when they have the subway series like tonight. It's the place where all New Yorkers are bonded with excitement and enthusiasm! This stadium rocks!
There's really nothing like seeing a baseball game up and close, rather than half asleep from your couch. I started going to Yankee Stadium when I was four years old.  I remember none of that.  I do remember going once I was in college, and I'd get so drunk that I didn't really remember those times either.  I do remember the dirty, grittiness of the old stadium.  I absolutely loved that place.   So the new place.  Yeah, it's bigger.  Yeah, there's more to it.  Yeah, the seats are PLUSH and CUSHY.  The ones I magically scored for free anyway, at field level.  Yeah, the beers are still $10 apiece, and ice cream in a helmet costs $6. Seeing a game live is like nothing other.  I freaking love it.  But would I ever in a million years spend the amount of money necessary to sit in those seats again?  Hell no!
Yankees!  Is it the house that Jeter Built?  A great house for a great team.
At first glance, I hated it. I remember seeing the bones of YS3 being built, just across the street from my favorite stadium in the whole world. And at that moment, it became reality that they were really & truly going to take down "my" Yankee Stadium. But I love it! How can it go? How can so many memories & championships & the charm of the cramped, winding concrete ramps be replaced by this large, cathedral-like structure going up across the street? How will they recreate that breathtaking moment I have when I walk into the stands & see the field? Because every single time I walked out of the concourse & into my section, I gasped. The view of the field ... taking it all in ... it took my breath away every single time. It will -never- be the same. Some people judge stadiums differently. You're going to have people who love the food, or who hate the food, or who can't find enough imported beer, or who hate peanuts. No one will ever agree on the food offerings, or the number of hand dryers in the bathrooms, or the quality of the high-class amenities, or even the comfort of the seats on a hot summer day. Some people love the museum, or Monument Park, and others think they could have done better. Is the clubhouse store too big, or not big enough? Some people love the Great Hall for its huge, open, airy, & grand feeling. Banners of great men in pinstripes, past & present, are hung between each window. Are there enough giant flat-screen televisions, so you never miss a moment of the game? Do you love the spacious concourse walkways & helpful staff, who anticipate your every question & guide you in the right direction? In general, a ballpark is a ballpark. The food is comparable, the beer is cold, and the bathrooms are cleanest in the first three innings. Each park has its own charm, its own quirks, its own qualities that help to distinguish it from every other ballpark in the country: ivy, a giant green wall, a view of the city skyline, or even an inexplicably colorful dolphin sculpture. But for me, it was all about that feeling. I was nervous the first time I swiped my ticket, walked into the Great Hall, & ascended the escalator to find my seats. I caught glimpses of the field from the concourse, but waited for that first moment when I walked out into the stands in section 234. I took a few steps, looked up, and took in my first view of the new Yankee Stadium: the gorgeous green field, Monument Park, the bleachers, the pennants, the white frieze surrounding the stadium ... And at first glance, I loved it.
This brand new stadium, which I personaly refer to as "the house that Jeter built" is a stadium that has set new standards for baseball stadiums. Sure, it also cost 1.5 billion dollars BUT they were well spent. It's an absolutely phenomenal sports venue that isn't just a ball park but more of a baseball experience. An aura for all Yankees fans around which they can easily unite. The venue itself is bigger than the previous one and features much more than seats and a field. It also has wide hallways where shops, restaurants, bars and stands make their way; almost like a mix between a baseball stadium and a football stadium. The seats are comfortable although the upper deck ones can take quite a while to get to. But that's ok, it's all worth it. And the giant jumbotron is absolutely splendid. I mean it. It's big and crisp in it's high definition goodness. They kept some of the previous key features of the old ball park, notably "Monument Park" which is in the outfield under the restaurant. Other than that, the amenities are better, especially when it comes to the food they offer there. The lines are quick to. They did such a good job that I got over the old stadium much quicker than I thought I would. Love it and cannot wait to return in the near future!
My profile pic says it all!
I'm not a big baseball fan--c'mon, i'm a hockey fan from Canada lol but that's not the reason for the 4-star. when anyone can justify $1.5 billion to build this from scratch, AND also from the old Yankee Stadium, that's impressive.  All of Steinbreiner's accountants/business ppl sure know what they're doing lol. Only caught a glimpse through the iron gates today on the Bronx hop on/off tour lol.  Still looks new.
I had the chance to catch a Yankees game on my last trip to NYC...though I will say that I am a dedicated Giants fan. The new stadium is huge and packed to the brim with everything you could want in a ball park. Lots of flat screen tv's by all the food vendors so you do not miss any of the game action, plenty of variety from the beers around the world cart to garlic fries...whatever you want its here. The venue itself is sort of confusing though, took us awhile to find our seats. But the staff was super helpful and guided us in the right direction. I have to say though the search to enter the stadium was a bit intense. I had to remove my hat, take several things out of my bag to be inspected, my friend had to show his belt buckle...a little much in my opinion. Overall though I like the stadium and I'm sure I will catch another game here when I am in the area.
We had tickets to the  Friday night playoff game [ bragging].  It was cold  but the rain held off.  Ok -- we all know that the food prices are high at the Stadium but  $10  for a cup of hot chocolate ? The beer is only $9.  They proof you when you buy a beer -- they should check you for sanity if you buy a $10 hot chocolate
WARNING: I'm not a yankee fan. However the new stadium is absolutely breath taking. The food offered at the stadium is by far the best variety at a ballpark... you can get sushi, noodles, fresh cut steak sandwiches, chicken and waffles, buckets of food, Jonny rockets, and a variety of beer and frozen drinks. Everything you purchase at yankee stadium is a souvenir. You get a beer and it comes in a plastic cup with the Yankees logo, you fries come in a blue and white NY logo box, other stadiums only have sponsors on their cups if anything. It is however more expensive to go to yankee stadium but extremely worth it if you are a true.fan of baseball. So much history with the yankees.
LOVE IT!! There really is not a bad seat in the house! The new stadium is awesome.  I enjoyed the ease of finding the bathrooms, the beer selections and the overall modern aspects of the place.Flat panels at each seating section ensures visitors see everything. Yes, of course, everything is pricey.  However, that is how it is in EVERY stadium across the country. The stadium makes their real money off the concession stands. That is simply the way it is.  Grab a bite and a few beers at one of the MANY bars around the stadium before you go in.  When you are at the game one beer should do it. (Unless your a lush : ) )   Go and enjoy the Champion Yankees a  least once at their great stadium!
Great stadium. They opened up the walkways more but of course still can't get that close to the field compared to the old stadium. However still a much better place to watch the game even though it's much more pricier. But hey, thats New York for ya.
Beautiful park and a gorgeous night to see the game.
My 2nd visit to the new stadium, but my very first, watching the Bronx Bombers from field level. I enjoyed every minute of it! Aside from the amazing view of the field from my seat, Yankee's Stadium provides top of the line service. This includes in-seat dining options, A+ hot dogs, burgers, and cheese steaks at every corner, and of course, everyone's favorite staples: crackers, peanuts, popcorn & candy. No one goes hungry here, or waits very long for what they want. Food & drinks are served at numerous spots behind every counter. Rarely does a long line form like they might at the Meadowlands are Izod Center. Restrooms are scattered throughout, so I didn't wait in line once to use a toilet, and THANK GOD! Women usually put up with lines, but that doesn't mean we like it! Unfortunately, I had to show my ticket every single time I returned to my seat. I understand the precautionary measures, however, when my hands are full with concession purchases, what was I supposed to do, pull out my 3rd arm? I had to return to the security guard after I'd found my seat. The rain delay hardly ruined the evening since we had an overhang above us. With plenty of topnotch goodies to eat & drink, staying later than planned was a treat, not a hassle.
What can I really say, It's The Cathedral of Baseball! lots bar to pre game at in the area right next to where the old stadium was, so yes still in the same dingy area in the bx but  ya gotta go if your a Yank fan, nothing like watching the game at the old stadium. Ofcoure food and drinks at concession stands are a rip off just like any other entertainment venue so thats not unexpected.
What is there to say? I used to be able to look into the old stadium from my room when I was a kid. It is the greatest pile of bricks the Bronx has EVER had. I'm still in love with the old stadium but the new one has won me over so far... All you Mets & Red Sox fans can eat it.  In NY, there's only Yankee Stadium and MSG for sports and entertainment...even though Barclays Center is a hot building with a ton of style and may give MSG a run for it's money.   Every time I come to the stadium, I don't want to leave.  What does that tell you? Exactly.
Not as good as the new Shea, but still an enjoyable place to watch a ballgame. And yes, I refuse to call it "Citi Field" because I find it silly. If the Yankees had to name their corporate sponsors in the name of their stadium, then lets just say they'd have one hell of a long hyphenated name of a stadium. The top reason to go to the new Yankee Stadium: you can see the field from nearly *anywhere* so feel free to get those cheap $10 seats off StubHub for the grandstands! You can see just fine up there! This is not as easy to get to off the subway because, well, it's a Bronx subway station so consequently there are maybe two or three stairwells for the tens of thousands of people to enter and exit. Add on the fact that people still think it's a good idea to drive to the game, and you've got a royal mess on the streets outside the stadium. Once you get to the stadium grounds, just walk right on by that first or second gaggle of tourists and/or clueless New Yorkers waiting to get inside, and you'll find PLENTY of turnstiles just waiting to be used. One bag check later, and you're inside. P.S. Thanks for not being super strict about my empty travel coffee mug on Tuesday! If you opt for the cheaper seats in the grandstands section, be prepared for a 5 minute trip up, up, UP! I think you take at least 5-6 escalators up there, but once you're there, you're immediately greeted with food and beer and more food. And plenty of bathrooms around as well. A decent-sized meal will easily run you $10. A soda will run you $6, which is also how much their shot glass size beer is. Opt for the "commemorative cup," which actually resembles more of a pint, and you're looking at $10-$12 depending on what you get. Seats are comfortable, though they put them so close together that it's all but guaranteed that you will have to stand up to let someone pass and/or force someone else to stand up in order to get in and out. When the family sitting between you and the stairs down to more food and bathrooms are clearly from out of town and not used to the idea of OMG PEOPLE EVERYWHERE!!11!, this can get awkward because they start getting really pissed and then leave before the game's over. Granted, the Yanks were losing by that point, but why pay for the experience if you're going leave early? One look at the stadium itself and the scoreboard, and you can clearly see the corporate influence *everywhere* you look. I find the "subway race" during one of the middle innings especially silly. But what do you expect? It's the Yankees.
The seat setup is alot better than the old stadium, but the new place has a more corporate feel than the old place. Too many of these rich folks that want to go to the private clubs and suites, than the regular Joe that wants to grab a burger and beer and catch a game. The prices here are crazy. I go to about 3 games a year because of that.
It's a beautiful modern stadium that is a gem for the Bronx. It's across the street from where the former Bronx Bombers plays but still somehow possess the feel of history and home. Like most stadiums or arenas, apart of the experience hinders on where you're sitting. I happen to have great seats this time around lol. LET'S GO YANKEES!!
LET'S GO YANKEES!!!! Love the new stadium. Overpriced - of course, but who isn't? Seats are awesome - even the bleacher creatures have a great view of the game/stadium. I do admit that it has more of a corporate feel rather than a family feel like Citifield but I believe they have added a new kid section to take care of that.
Really the only reason I can't give them 5 Stars is because I'm a Red Sox fan and I attended a game during the four-game sweep last weekend; it was pretty pathetic on the part of the Sox.  Not having been to the old stadium, I can't compare, but I can say that this new stadium is a beautiful place.  The incredible sound system is crystal clear, and even the Grandstand seating offers a decent view at a somewhat more reasonable price.  There is a plethora of (expensive) food options, and the ballpark fare is pretty decent and the staff are all friendly.  Also, gotta love beer being sold in the stands, that's something they don't do at Fenway!
This was an AWESOME experience! Took the subway from Time Square which drops you off right in front of the stadium. Spent over $300+ for 2 lower level seats in section 127 (Yankees vs Pirates) which seems pricey to me but apparently not for Yankee stadium. It was worth every penny and if I could do it over again I definitely would. Glad I spent the extra money to sit on the first level. The seats were comfortable and the stadium was clean. Would highly recommend.
Yankee fans are the craziest people I have ever seen. That aside, this stadium is quite amazing. It has great views from almost every part of the stadium, a vast array of expensive food you can buy and lots of space to walk around when your team starts to loose. Even though I have been a new yorker for the last  years does not mean I am converting to a hard core yankee fan anytime soon. I will never understand why baseball food is so expensive.. esp. if the stadium allows people to bring in food from the outside world!? Common sense?
Wayyy to expansive for a so-so experience.  I was happy to see bacon wrapped hot dogs.  You get 4 stars, because i actually saw a boston fan get beat up right in front of me.  I mean he was being an obnoxious jerk in the sea of yankee fans. Way to go NY.  You have a fan.
Went for a group outing last night and besides the rain delay it was a great time.  Very friendly and helpful ushers.  Plenty of options for food and drinks.  Typical prices for NYC area arenas and stadiums for food and beer.  I'd go back if my team were playing against the Yankees
Love this place! Partially due to the fact the best baseball team plays here which makes Yankee stadium awesome, and it always its a fun time at a Yankee game even after a loss. The food is very overpriced in my opinion, but if you are willing to pay the price there is a great variety of food. Another thing that is great about this stadium is you have a good view from just about anywhere including the bleachers, and  in addition its very easy to get to by mass transit which I highly recommend opposed to driving.
Now, I am not a big baseball fan - I have only been to the old Yankee Stadium about two times in my life (about 10 years ago) - so it's hard for me to compare this stadium to the old one. What I can say about this stadium is that everything was nice! The two things that stuck out at me is A - How expensive everything is (I was warned, but I thought that people were just exaggerating) and B - That they had the calories posted on everything!!! Trust me, I know that I will not be eating healthy when I go to a baseball game, but to see it written out next to each menu option is crazy! It makes me not really enjoy the 650 calorie pretzel that I choose to munch on. Other than that the stadium was nice, the people were nice, my seats were nice, etc etc etc. Nothing to really complain about :o)
Damn the tickets are expensive here but otherwise, it's a nice stadium inside built in a way that honors the golden legends of Yankees past.  I could have tried to get there early so I can go out to the monuments and museum portion of the park but ultimately decided to come to the game later after the first pitch. As I was heading out to the game,  I managed to take a brief walk around the park and I saw that there were plenty of openness and concession stands for food and alcohol although none of the food options really enticed me to buy anything.  It also didn't help that I just ate right before I got there since I have heard from friends of mine that the food options there weren't great.  Turns out, they were right. I even stopped in their team store to get some Yankee Stadium memorabilia like a magnet or a mug but turns out that all they had were all "Yankees" merchandise and nothing for the stadium.  I left the store since well I wasn't going to buy any Yankees gear, just Yankee Stadium stuff. It's very convenient to the subway and it was a battle just to get into a train back to Manhattan but no different than the SF Bay Area BART system in terms of post baseball game crowds.  Check one more stadium off my USA Stadiums to visit.  13 down and a lot more to go!!
If it were any other team playing in this ballpark, I would have given Yankee Stadium only 2 stars. But alas, I just can't bring myself to only give the home of the New York Yankees 2 stars. I love visiting ballparks. I eventually want to visit all of them. So far I've only seen 10 so I still have a long ways to go. I'm not going to go into a huge spiel about the prices of tickets/parking/food/beer, etc. You know what you're getting into when attending a sporting event. Either deal with it or go home. There is nothing spectacular about the New Yankee Stadium. Now don't get my wrong. I'm not trying to say that the old one was a masterpiece by any means. In retrospective it was mostly a dump. But it wasn't the design that made Yankee Stadium what it was. It was the history. Now Yankee Stadium just looks like a newer, cleaner replica of the old on with out all the memories. Sure eventually new memories will be made. Heck, it's already seen a World Series but it just isn't the same. They do have good choices of food though. GARLIC FRIES! The first time I came here my sister and I went on a search for these fries after riding in the elevator with someone who had them. We just followed the smell until we found the vendor selling them. If you're coming here on a date and plan on playing a little tonsil hockey later, do not get the garlic fries. Carl's Steaks is also here which I absolutely love!!!
Lots of drunk people yelling and cursing is not my idea of a good time. i don't do well in crowded places with inebriated people but i decided to come here with my boyfriend because he got last minute tickets and i thought that it might be fun, i did have a good time but was very stressed because there were like 3 very drunk guys yelling insanities next to us. it was very hard to pay attention to the game or even follow it. most of the people around us were not paying attention to the game at all, they were too busy taking pictures, drinking or trying to make a wave. i think i will stick to watching the game at home.
What a nice stadium, as much as I hate the Yankees, I loved coming here.  I learned so much from just walking around and checking out the monument!
I'm a life-long Yankee fan, so I can't give anything less than 5 stars. This place is the Cathedral of Baseball. It is a soaring homage to everything that is good about ballparks, both new and old. The employees are smiling and helpful. The food stands are plentiful. The bathrooms are clean and HUGE. The lines of sight are long and clear. And the Yanks beat the White Sox 12-3 the night I went. What's there to complain?? My friend and I got GREAT seats cheap from Plum Benefits through our employers and the whole game was just a fun experience. I'll be back hopefully many times this season! LET'S GO YANKEES!
Came here for a game recently vs. white sox. Stadium is huge very accessible via train. We had really good seats. I kept hearing so much about the garlic fries I was determined to try some. My pet peeves were the following: it took a journey to find them & the lines were soooo long! It seemed as though all the food lines were way too long. Whatever the reason is...Yankee Stadium needs to do better. The wait was sooo worth it but still. I also tried the steak & philly cheese steak sandwiches & OMG yum!!!! They were sooo good.
What a stadium !! As an Aussie travelling through the states, our trip was not complete without checking out a Yankees game. This was my second visit to the stadium and I must admit, this time around nailed it - probably helped we had insane seats and sat next to some super awesome fans. Speaking of seats, never have I experienced padded seats at a sports arena - nice touch kids !! The stadium itself is just incredible and I suspect there isn't a bad seat in the house. Of course, I can't compare it to the old stadium but kudos to NY, you put on a great game !! Oh and who says New Yorkers aren't the friendliest bunch? I call BS on that !!! We sat next to a father and son in sec103 who pulled out all the stops to make us girlies really experience everything they love about the game - HA dad even called up the cameraman to get us on the dance cam !!! YES, we made it on the big screen and HELL YES we danced our arses off !!   'Till next time Yankees ...
It's nice and open plenty of room to walk around in the hallways. Bathrooms are usually pretty clean. Huge variety of food, I've been coming since they opened the new stadium and feel like I find a new food every time. For the most part the staff is friendly and helpful. Almost any seat in the house is a good seat. If you can get here early enough to visit the Yankee Museum and Monument Park its worth doing both at least once. Definitely be prepared to spend a ton of money though. 10 dollar hot chocolate,.12 dollar beers, etc. Most vendors, aside from the Beers of the World stands, do accept credit cards and there are ATMs located around the stadium.
A stunning palace.  Take the subway and make sure to stop off at Carl's Cheesesteak.
Went to a concert my wife wanted to see. Confortable. Hard to find parking. Takes you an hr to exit from whatever sit you get. I think they should've planed the exits better just my two cents.
Not really a baseball fan but since moving to NY, I've been wanting to see a Yankee and/or Mets game. So since I don't follow baseball, we ended up getting the cheap bleacher seats. I enjoyed sitting in the bleachers and thank goodness it wasn't too sunny or hot (and definitely no thunderstorms). Nobody really follows what seat numbers are yours, but you should sit in the vicinity of your seats. Next time I want to sit over by the Bleacher Creatures. That area seems pretty popular and full of spirit. We ate beforehand so can't comment on the food there.
I AM a DIE HARD YANKEE fan and I liked the old stadium, the old stadium had many memories for me. I do like the new stadium though it's nicer and also a lot cleaner then the old stadium was. Anyway GO YANKEES
New Yankee stadium is hands down the best ballpark I have ever been too. The feel is vibrant, the fans in the bleachers are very knowledgeable and hate Robinson Cano! So do I, so we made friends. The food is above par for stadium grub, they have sushi, chicken and waffles, steak sandwiches, and of course hot dogs, from none other than Nathans. On to the alcohol, it was way cheaper than I thought with a nice variety, we got 18 Oz margaritas for 15 in a souvenir cup! 20 Oz beer for 13 too. I want to come back when my team, the oakland a's come to town, say tomorrow?
I've been to numerous stadiums in my lifetime, but Yankee Stadium is by far the most amazing. While taking the train up to the BX, you get that itchy, tense feeling like something amazing is about to happen. Just getting there, crossing the overpass, and seeing the gate is pretty astounding. Wow this place is epic. From the in-house museum, the bars, restaurants, and just the building itself, you're feeling like you're part of something magnificent. The design itself is pretty modern, but it does still have a hint of that old school look to it.   As far as the seats go, I've sat in the middle and the upper deck before. Tickets for Yankees games are not cheap. I recall paying $300 each for ALCS games, but it's quite an experience. The view is good, and the crowd is definitely spirited. Just don't be that one way who wears Red Sox gear, or else you're in for a treat. Inside the ballpark, they have a couple Yankees gear shops, but the main one is near the gate. You can find jerseys or all the players, caps, etc. My word of advice is just to go across the street before the game and get it for cheaper at one of those corner shops. The one thing that is also pretty neat is that they do have a steakhouse inside. This isn't your quick-style steak. This is a real sit down 1-2 hour dinner steakhouse. The steak itself is actually pretty decent. Dinner for two costs around $120, but I can't recall exactly what I ordered since it was back during the inaugural season. Yankee stadium is quite a spectacle in itself. Even if you don't like baseball, you should at least visit this place once. There's not another ballpark quite like it, and you won't be disappointed. Plus, the Yankees are pretty awesome.
The new Yankee Stadium is so...shiny?  It feels weird because I'm so used to the old stadium.  Nonetheless, I do appreciate the HD screen where you can see every player clearly (it helps those in the nosebleed seats).  I am disappointed by the fact that the new stadium is entirely plastered with advertisements.
Great place to watch a game - in Suite 36/37 - right behind home plate in the life area
Great, beautiful, clean stadium And the historical inaugural 2009 season, so we're making more history.   Great food choices.  My favorite is the cheesesteak sandwhiches on the 2nd floor mezzanine and the cheesey GARLIC FRIES!!! Sliders are pretty good, the chicken ones are better than the beef ones. Lobels is also good but there's always a long line.  NYY Steakhouse has an express line for sandwhiches - they are just as good. Good vantage points from most parts of the stadium (even section 400s). I'm giving 4 stars, because the Old Yankee Stadium is the original house that Ruth built.  So much has happened there and nothing can ever change that.
Wow the new stadium is quite state of the art.  i got "batters eye" seats from work.  normally these are 150 dollar seats and I got them for 50 each.  I couldn't believe the view.  It was right behind the 2nd base line and directly above the Mohegan sun sports bar, which we spent most of our time at since it was about 90 degrees in the full blazing sun that day.  it was great to see the Yank's kick the blue jay's butts 11-2 or maybe it was 3...stupid hoegaarden beer...makes me forget everything.  I rode my bike up there since i live in the UES, but there was no bike parking.  Some green city...since it was a fold up bike i took it in with me and told them it was a fold up wheelchair.  LOL.
Finally made it here. I'm somewhat of a ballpark connoisseur and been to my fair share of them, wanted to make it to old NYY Stadium but I digress.. At least I got to see Derek Jeters last season.. that in itself is similar to seeing Ted Williams or Babe Ruth one last time. Can you say living legend? Anyways, on to the park. Its incredibly easy to get there by subway, but the surrounding area is pretty shitty. I realize we're talking about the south bronx, but damn, I understand the area around Wrigley Field was once shitty and if you've ever been there recently, you will notice thats not the case now. Its saturated with bars and restaurants. They call it Wrigleyville. Is it too much to ask that the most valuable franchise in all of sports with an estimated worth of close to 5 billion improve the surrounding area by attracting some good bars and eateries? Anyways, the park itself is ok. Somewhat sterile. Not as much character as I'd have hoped. They do sell chicken and waffles in one of the food vendor booths. That was a first. they make chicken and waffle sliders with the "NYY' logo stamped on the waffle. Nice touch. Never really seen that before anywhere  else. Anyways, while the park lacks a certain degree of character, the franchise doesn't.  the Yankees are a staple in MLB and American history, if you haven't made it, you should.
When you build a new stadium this is what you strive for. Open walkways giving away to beautiful views with highlights of your past and your future. Couple that with great food choices and first class bars and restaurants and you have yourself a place you can hang at. Add to that an even more beautiful inside to the stadium from the hi def scoreboard and seating plus somehow the field even looks nicer, now you have a place you don't want to leave. What are you in the mood for, fresh squeezed lemonade, sushi, johnny rockets, garlic fries the list goes on and on of all the amenities here. Among my favorite is the chicken and rice vendor out in the bleacher creatures. 10 bucks but you are handed a ton of food and it is amazing. I can't wait to go back tomorrow to fill my face although we better get a win.
Beautiful stadium! I'm a Dodgers fan and I was blown away. Dodger stadium is way outdated compared to this place. I was here for the Yankees vs. Indians game during this past Memorial Day weekend. This place was packed, every section seemed full, and the fans were very enthusiastic. Lots of fun being here. If anyone has been to Staples Center to see any sporting event, Yankee stadium reminded me of Staples Center...awesome and definitely worth checking this place out!
Yankee Stadium is HUGE!  I'm not a baseball fan, in fact I've only seen the Miami Dolphins a couple times in the past when I lived in Florida but this place makes watching baseball fun!  Be prepared to pay primo prices for everything while in this modern American coliseum! Direct train ride from downtown Manhattan to Yankee Stadium with a Mickey D's right across the street.  See my many pictures.
So funny, that a lot of reviews start with the disclaimer that the reviews for the stadium have nothing to do with their hatred of the team. If only because I feel the same way. I got what I thought were pretty decent tickets at a fairly decent price with a hefty Stubhub fee. It was last minute though so, no real complaints. It felt like everything was there, the field, the concession stands, the jumbotron, but it all felt off somehow, like something was missing. You know how in the Matrix that one guy questioned how the machines made food taste and wondered if they missed something? Yankee stadium is like that, the construct is there but something seemed off. Rowdy crowds? check Overpriced food/drink? Double check! (12 bucks for a Guinnes!?) The hometeam winning?check (saw them spank the Rays) It was all there, but it still didn't feel like a ball game to me and I really think it had to do with the stadium, other games I've been to it was so easy to strike up a conversation with people around you but here it was just a sea of passive spectators/the occasional "GO YANKEES!" jersery shore refugee. Requisite visit to Yankee stadium followed by a check off the list? Check.
I was a fan of the old Yankee Stadium and was extremely distraught that they tore down the 'House that Ruth Built'. It was really sad to see it go. But it wasn't in great condition. It would have needed a huge overhaul. The new stadium is a great step up. I wasn't sure how they were just going to replace the old stadium. Put simply, Yankee Stadium is an amazing venue. I'm usually there to watch the Yankees play, but there is so much going on. Unfortunately, I was at a game with my boyfriend and it started to rain. Usually you would just wait staring at the field under some cover hoping for the rain to stop. Fortunately, there is so much to do that we just wound up enjoying Yankee Stadium for what it truly is. Not only are there tons of food stands serving everything from fries to sausage to ice cream and popcorn. There are also a few stands that have more beer choices then Bud or Coors. There is also a butcher (although, I'm still trying to figure out why there is a butcher in a ballpark). So, you won't go hungry or thirsty. I must warn, however, that the prices are inflated. It is a ballpark and it is in NY. Just be prepared. And for those of you who don't know, they do allow you to bring food into the ballpark. Just not beverages (something about how a closed bottle of water or can of soda can be thrown onto the field or whatever). If you have time before or after a game, they do have things to do. There is a 'Museum' which is really just a one room thing with a few items of Yankees history.
Of course the Yankees would put together a top of the line baseball stadium.  It may be a bit too much thought; honestly I do not believe having aged steaks available is necessary and is one of the few superfluous additions which ultimately drive ticket prices up. Parking is expensive too!  I had to pay $35 and I was not even in the closest lot.  Take the subway if you can. I have sat in both the bleacher seats and some of the premium lower seating.  Look, you are going to enjoy the ball game either way, but you have have the cash (or a friend gives you tickets) the field level seats have an amazing view and wait servcie to boot!  Make sure to get the garlic fries!
This landmark is an incredible place, and I dedicate my 500th review to it. I had a blast here. Totally fantastic experience. No problems with the logistics... I was never stuck in any crowds even though I came right as the game started and left right after the game ended. I sat way up high in the bleachers, with $15 tickets, and was quite satisfied with the view. No one bothered us about the food we brought it (although liquids are not allowed). The other fans were great. My girlfriend even got on the jumbotron! I have been to both old and new stadiums, and can attest that the new stadium still has the same vibe as the old one. I am especially glad to look out upon the Bronx and the trains running right by the field. That backdrop is critical for a full Yankees experience.
Over priced.
The event/hospitality industry lady in me couldn't help but imagine how large the kitchens and staff must be and wondered how they could possibly pull such a task so flawlessly every game. The attendants were swift and nice and the service was quick. The food however was dry and overcooked. My pizza was inedible, I could barely chew it. I also tried a very dry chicken sandwich. Of all of the items, I did enjoy the garlic fries. My point here...Don't go hungry. Just go with the garlic fries and enjoy the game!
First time to the stadium was a few weeks ago with my boyfriend, my sister, and her boyfriend. We bought very cheap tickets. It was so hot that we actually lucked out - we were so high up that we actually caught a breeze and our view (behind the catcher) was good. Easy to get to on the metro (so no need to deal with parking lots and no need to worry about being inebriated and getting home). Impressed by the open air-ness, the food selection, and of course since my boyfriend is a diehard Yankee fan, I like the team (and am learning more about the players every day).
Wow. Pretty much as good as it gets when it comes to sporting venues. I was born and raised a Cubs fan...so Wrigley Field is all I really know. That being said....Amazing. The food choices are extraordinary. Everything from Sushi to Philly Cheesesteak. Everything we ate we super yummy. Two bad things, they put calories on all the of the menu items (booo! that's the last thing I want  to see while eating good ol' American Ballpark food) AND a domestic pint of beer was $9. Whoa. Not cool. It is right off the subway, very easy to get to from Manhattan. Also, very cushy seats with a server to take drink and food orders. Delightful.
There will never be a Yankee Stadium like the very original Yankee Stadium where I got to see The Mick in his last season when I was a wee lad. The new stadium is beautiful but the thing that kills it are the prices of everything from the seats to the bottles of water. The fan shop is ridiculous. What a waste of money. The problem is that if you go in there with a kid it is going to be hard not to spend a lot of money for a lot of nothing. We only go when we get free or dirt cheap tickets. Eat before you go.
Check out monument park when your there. Another plain looking baseball stadium. Garlic fries was mushy and cold when I got them. 11 dollar beers is a rip off. But, your in NYC.
It's Yankee Stadum.  I really don't need to say more.  Spectacular state of the art stadium.  Been to Coors, Camden Yards, Fenway, old Yankee Stadium and more.  This is the best of the best.
Baseball is boring. I came here to eat: - Garlic Fries ($7) These are great, but you gotta eat 'em fast before they get cold and mushy. Super garlicky. - Lobel's Steak Sandwich ($16) This is really nothing but an extremely overpriced, fancier Roy Rogers roast beef sandwich. But it just so happens that Roy Rogers roast beef sandwiches are amazing, so I loved this. For a stadium, it's actually not too bad a price for how good it is. - Parm's Meatball Parm Sandwich ($14) Again, obviously pretty overpriced, since this sandwich is tiny, but it happens to be incredibly delicious. It's a really thick, rare meatball served on a bun and I would definitely recommend it. - Chicken Tender Family Meal Deal ($20) OK, I can't stress enough how amazing this deal is for a stadium. This gets you a MASSIVE bucket of food consisting of 8 huge chicken tenders on top of probably at least $30-40 worth of great fries. On top of that, you get a free liter of soda if you pay for it with a MasterCard. This is key, since we just had to drop $7 for a much smaller soda. Compared to all of the other food here, they should be charging like $50 for this. And not only is this the best value, but it tastes pretty good too. The chicken tenders are piping hot, as are the fries underneath, which are kept nice and hot for a long time as they sit in the bucket. We also got the Jumbo Popcorn ($7), which was quite good for the first few minutes while it was hot, but not so great after that as it got stale pretty quickly. Peanuts ($6) and Cracker Jacks ($6) are also always a must. I think I pretty much ate everything of note, so I never need to come back to Yankee Stadium now.
Really great stadium with much improved traffic patterns around the park. The view from my seat was good despite being in the second deck. Food options are decent, but some vendors are underprepared to deal with the crowds. Johnny Rockets was an absolute mess. However, all of the other vendors seemed to have it together. "Beers of the world" is great.   Go Yankees!
The stadium is great but for stadium food selection go to Citifield.
Here's the thing.  The stadium is beautiful. It is.  Got some cool stuff here. However the prices for what you pay for are ridiculous.  We sat in the outfield 2 rows from the wall. I even got 2 balls today from Beltran. The seats are cushioned where we were.  It was freezing out so it's kinda hard to enjoy the game as much.  Jeter so far is 0-2 :(. Parking here is also ridiculous with the costs being anywhere from 30-35 dollars to park.  Especially since the stadium is in a bad area.   I miss the old 10 dollar out field seats.
Definitely a beautiful ballpark.  It has a clean modern interior that still manages to give off an air of classic decorum.  Me and the rest in my party took a stroll around prior to first pitch.  From what I could gather, there's not a bad seat in the house; this is not to say that all seats in the stadium are created equal.  You could certainly make the argument that some would commit murder just to get tickets to the seats behind home plate (I wouldn't). When it comes to the food however, no way this place holds a candle to Citizen's Bank Park (and I'm not just saying that because I'm a native son of Philly).  The Nathans fries are serviceable, the Nathan's franks are Nathan's franks, and the chicken fingers are crispy but WAY too bland; BBQ sauce and honey mustard could not salvage their lack of flavor. I'll definitely take another free ticket to this stadium (maybe I'll buy one if the Phillies are in town), but I'm definitely skipping the chicken fingers.
Very impressive ball park but lacks the nostalgia of the last stadium. Even though I am  a Yankees fan, I think Citi Field is a nicer park.
It just quintessentially American to love baseball games.  Yankee Stadium is in a league of its own.  ;P I mean I been to Citi Field to see the Mets play (*cough*) and Coney Island to see the Brooklyn Cyclones play (*cough**cough*), but to see the Yankees play in the Yankee Stadium is a singular experience. Both times I've gone have been free.  And I recall the first time I saw the stadium my jaw just dropped and I was like behold the size of that thing.  The second time it didn't seem as big but I'd been in New York longer and was able to focus more on the actual game.  The Yankees were playing the Red Sox and won. (*gloat*) I don't care to go often, but I do love the experience when I do go, particularly with people who are genuinely enthusiastic about baseball.  My second time around I actually came decked out in Yankee gear, replete with shirt and hat.  And I love watching the game, eating a hot dog and watching them sell cracker jack popcorn, getting up and doing the YMCA, flailing about with the others when the wave is lazily done, groaning about having never caught a foul ball, successfully playing that game where you pick the right baseball under the right cap, and watching them pan in on dancing members in the stadium.  :)
Great Ball Park Food at the Greatest Stadium on Earth :) Yes I am slightly Biased on this one...
Love it everytime!
Ahh Yankees stadium... Everyone makes such a big deal about it... it's very nice but i hate that you can't see the field at all times as you walk around the stadium. you have to walk behind walls and in tunnels etc. The bleacher seats are by far, the best bargain in the stadium! great seats for a low price! The second best bargain is the frozen margaritas (if you're into that sort of thing)! you can get them in the "food court" area. there are tons of food and drink otions through out the stadium but it's all expensive so come prepared. definitely try to get there early enough to get into memorial park! And don't be surprised if the Yankees screw some stuff up. I was there for the Mariano Rivera Bobblehad night and it was a total nightmare! smh...
First off you must know that I have bled pinstripes since the day I was born 34 yrs ago and having been a season ticket holder since the old Stadium and spending so much time in such a historical, old landmark, I just can't bring myself to give this place 5 stars (and I struggle with 4). Although "beautiful" and full of amenities, I believe a ballpark should be just that, a place you go see a game and that's it! Not dining at a 4 star steak house (although it is excellent), watching a butcher cut the meat used or eating sushi. I am a huge fan of the old classic parks such as Fenway and Wrigley and it broke my heart in a million pieces to move to this circus but I guess I kinda have to if I want to see my beloved boys. If you're looking for the food, the garlic fries are the shit!!! $6 for a small, but good size portion. The Carl's cheesesteak is very good and big for $11. You could share an order of both with someone for a good value meal. The bucket of chicken fingers and fries is also great to share at $20 and comes with a 1L  soda when you play with your Mastercard. I'm a sucker for the nachos too, a good pile of mess for $8.50. There's also plenty more but I won't go on.  You can also skip all this and bring in your own food and drink (as long as it's sealed in a plastic bottle).
Been here a few times, enjoy watching baseball live more than on tv. VERY easy to get to using the subways, probably the best way to get to the stadium. The stadium is HUGE, very fun way to watch baseball with a group of friends at a great low price (try stub hub for cheap tickets). One time I went to the game & we had AMAZING seats, right behind 1st base - we got unlimited food/drinks downstairs - too bad we didn't get to catch the ball. Second time I went, it was in the middle of the summer and the sun was right on us (make sure to take your sunglasses, you will need it - or just make sure you're in a shaded area before you buy your tickets). We got NY Yankee t-shirts that night, which were oversized but great :)
This stadium is very nice.  It is the 11th baseball stadium I have been too and it is probably in my top 5.  The stadium has great food but it is very expensive.  We were on the right field side and the view was not that great of the field.  Overall though the stadium is a great place to watch baseball.
Be prepared to spend money. I am knowingly getting scammed. A-Rod is overpaid. Garlic fries with cheese, good, what you want to expect. Not much else to say.
The museum and monument park is a must see for the true baseball enthusiast You get what you pay for when visiting this stadium. Visit this park before New Yorkers trash it. Don't forget to visit old Yankee stadium across the street. The only negative is access to the field. Ushers are very strict granting access even just for photos.
Yankee Stadium, the home of the 27 time World Series Champions. Yeah!!! Its really a gorgeous stadium. I've been there plenty of times in the past. You name it, Yankees vs Red Sox, Subway Series, Postseason, College football. If you want to look around the stadium, I suggest you check out Monument Park and the Yankee Museum. You get to know the history of the Yankees. If you want to eat somewhere in the stadium, I've been in the Delta Sky Club, DKNY Lounge, Kettle Lounge, and Mohegan Sun Sports Bar. Those clubs have some decent food. DKNY and Kettle Lounge have unlimited food and unlimited non alcoholic beverages if you are sitting in the Legends seats. I actually like the Delta Sky Club the best because they have sushi bar, two bars, unlimited non-alcoholic beverages, free popcorn and peanuts and I think the best view of the stadium. If you don't have club access then you can get food at the concession stands. They have decent food as well. I suggest you try the Lobels steak sandwich and the garlic fries. I think any where you sit in the stadium has a great view of the field, but obviously the closer you are the better the view. Bring your friends, family, date, whatever. Sit back, relax, enjoy the game, and watch the Yankees win.
Before I begin, I want to say that I'm a fan of the stadium, NOT the team...just want to make that clear... I went with a bunch of friends on a super sunny afternoon when they were playing the Reds.  We drove from New Haven, but were able to procure a pre-paid parking reservation.  The parking lot itself was difficult to locate since there were no signs for it, and we drove in a few circles before figuring it out.  There are two official lots, it seems, and we went for the less-expensive (not necessarily cheap), non-covered and more far-away lot.  Even so, it was still pretty close to the stadium and on the walk over found the perfect place to take photos with the stadium in the background.   We had bleacher seats, so it was super hot, but every now and then we'd go up where the concessions were to feel air-conditioned cool-ness.  It was free cap day, too, so I was able to wear it and not get my face burned...even though I had to suck up the shame of wearing a Yankees cap.  The food was pricey even though my husband and I only got two hot dogs, two beers and two waters.  But that's what you plan for when going to baseball stadiums these days, unfortunately.  And I guess that's how they can pay for a $2 billion structure.  There are also big screen TV's all over the place, which make the place feel shiny and new.  If I had more money I might be able to give more details, but even my basic baseball game experience made a hole in my wallet.  It was still a fun day because it's a great stadium and, hey, the Yankees lost.  :P
This is the finest ballpark in the country...but of course I'm a Yankee fan.  I have been to some other nice ballarks like Camden Yards in Baltimore and Turner Field in Atlanta but the new Yankee Stadium is in the top spot.  I went to games in the old Yankee Stadium but this new ballpark has lots of history built in from the appearance of the stadium outside gate 6 to the facade on the top of the grandstands.  The food and parking is expensive but its a ballpark, you pay for the experience.  You are guaranteed to be surrounded by thousands of fans that love the Yankees, enjoying some great food, watching the best team in baseball.
Whats not to love??  You have to understand that you are going to yankee stadium and ALL of the prices for EVERYTHING are going to be inflated.  The baseball is always good, the fans usually friendly, and the food and drinks are spot on.  Stick with the 12oz beers as opposed to the bottles as they are 3 dollars cheaper.  The garlic fries are a must and can feed a small army.  If normal concession fair isn't your thing take a walk around the park and find something that you do like.  They have anything you could possibly want and more.   Peanuts are my personal choice because the bag is gigantic, price doesn't break the bank ($5), and its the only snack where it is acceptable to make a mess.   LETS GO YANKEES!
Take me out to the ballgame, Take me out with the crowd, Buy me some peanuts and crackerjacks... Wait, what? Do you know how much that is going to cost?! Growing up a Yankees fan and loving the game of baseball, Yankee stadium used to  feel like home. Now, it's like an expensive concrete home. Old Yankee Stadium was magical and there was so much history behind it. The stadium DID need an upgrade but it's become so expensive that real fans can't even root for their team at an affordable price. $20 for bleacher tickets is a bit insane when you can buy field level tickets at another stadium. I understand other cities do not have the Yankees however the payroll is a bit absurd. $9.50 for a bud light? MEH. Luckily, I'm still a Yankee fan and will rate this 3-stars.
Not been back to The Bronx to see the new home yet.Hope it has the same feel. I can feel the boys of summer calling and thinking of the good times in The City.
While I'm a Yankee fan (and a Mets fan) is that possible !?! I'm writing this review to get out of the winter doldrums and get into Spring anticipation of baseball. Firstly, the way the Yanks have been playing it's more fun to watch my son play 12U little league. I've been to the new Yankee Stadium and from a perspective of being able to see, the amusement style atmosphere and the all around feel it's a great stadium, HOWEVER WHO CAN AFFORD TO GO MORE THAN ONCE A YEAR (or more to the point who would want to?) The cost in return for service and product is way over the top, Even if the Yanks were a winning team it still would be difficult, now I understand I'm not a lunatic Yankee fans and that may be the problem with this review. I just think with sports in general when the athletes are paid such astronomical salaries (compared to teachers, police, social workers and the like) it makes me wonder about the worthiness of going to the games.
Pretty sad they tore down the House that Ruth built for a few more luxury boxes. The place itself is definitely nicer, my main gripe are the lack of good food/beer options. Citi Field got it right in that department. Also they have a museum in the park as well, need to check that out next time I go. Oh and be careful where you sit in the bleachers as the stupid Mohegan Sun bar blocks out the outfield so you can't see any hits that are hit deep in the park. They should have just kept the old yankee stadium...
What is the world is there to say about this stadium that hasn't already been expressed by the entire city of NY?...unless you're a Mets fan. I heart the Yankees and the place they call home. Always appreciate their jumbo screen footage to stay on top of things. Best place to get a Nathan's hot dog and soft serve ice cream (in a little plastic Yankees hat!)
I'm a Mets fan.  I don't like the Yankees.  But I would be lying if I didn't acknowledge that Yankee Stadium is much nicer than Citifield.   And I am not just talking about the different food options. The reality is that when I'm in Citifield, I don't feel any attachment to the place.  Shea Stadium, despite all of its flaws, felt like Mets Stadium.  Citifield feels like I am in some generic stadium.  There is nothing METS about it.  In fact, it feels more like I'm sitting in Ebbets Field than anything else. Anyway, when you are in Yankee Stadium, it feels like Yankee Stadium.  It is impossible to not feel Yankee history history all around you when you are walking its halls. There is Yankee pride everywhere you look. That is a definite credit to its architects.   I may not feel at home at Yankee Stadium, but unlike Citifield, I never have to question where I am.
First time at the new stadium and was not disappointed! Concession stand lines move quickly, probably because prices are ridiculous and no one wants to spend the $$$ We had great seats in the lower level under the overhang so when it started to rain and we still got to enjoy every single moment comfortably.
THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH (well for me, at least!). There's nothing like going to a Yankees game! The new stadium is extraordinary and full of culture. If you get the chance, definitely check out the Yankees Museum, although the line is usually long, it does move fast. GO YANKEES!!!
Came here today for the Yankee vs Tampa bay rays game! Love the new stadium and all the vendors that are there! The staff was helpful and nice.
I went to the new Yankee Stadium for the 1st time on 7/16/2012 after having visited the old stadium 4 years ago before they tore it down.  I'm a history buff and loved the idea of the old stadium but this one is a ton better.  The food selections are plentiful, I believe there really is something for everyone here.  Hamburgers, hot dogs, cuban sandwiches, and even sushi.  Who would have ever thought of sushi as a ballpark food?  Give me a beer and a hot dog.....but I digress.   Monument park is a must stop for any 1st timer to Yankee Stadium.  This is where they pay homage to the all-time Yankee greats.  The line is long but moves fast but you have to get there early because they shut it off an hour before game time.   Tickets are a little higher than most ball parks but it's New York and everything is higher.  The only other issue I had is they serve Pepsi products.  Come on, you are the freaking Yankees!   You are the brand name of baseball so pick the brand name of soft drinks!  People want their Coca-Cola!   This wasn't too bad because I still had beer to fall back on but I wanted a Coke. A must visit for any sports fan.  Stay in Manhattan and take the 4 train to the Boogie Down Bronx, can't miss it!
Stadium is visibly amazing, but I ll take the old stadium back any day. People in suits at a baseball game...barf. Food and drinks are ridiculously over priced. Rather see a game in a bar. Cheaper and less drunk s.
Scored some Delta Sky Suite Tickets from work back in 2011! Oh, I was such a Fan!!!!! But since I'm from Queens, I still prefer Citi Field! =) P.S. There are some Die Hard Yankee Fans. If someone with another jersey is sitting next to one of those guy, I'd feel bad for them (especially if the Yankees are in the lead). I almost witness a fight that just went too far. It's just a game afterall.
Disclaimer:  I'm an Angels fan.  So when the Angels are in town to play the Yankees and either someone gifts me tickets or I have extra cash, I'll come up here to watch a game.   But between the Yankee Stadium and Citi Field, I prefer Citi Field.  Citi Field feels like an actual ball park.  And the food is phenomenal.  Yankee Stadium, well, is a STADIUM.  The food selection here, unfortunately, is disappointing.  Yankee Stadium's concessions just cannot compete with the fact that Citi Field has Shake Shack.  Also, it helps to know that I hate hot dogs and I'm very particular about pizza, so when I come to Yankee Stadium, I'm pretty much S.O.L. when it comes to food because that's pretty much what you can get there.   And if you prefer to fill up on beer instead of food....get ready to pony up the cash.  The beer prices here are beyond ridiculous!   Overall, however, the stadium is large, clean, and easy to navigate.
Full Disclaimer - I am a lifelong Yankees fan and they are my favorite professional sports team.  While I was sad to see the old Yankee Stadium go, I must admit that they have built a beautiful new ballpark.  The new stadium does not have the mystique or the aura of the old park (at least yet) but it has been upgraded on many different levels. Besides watching the game, there wasn't much of anything to do in the old ballpark.  As a baseball purist, I don't think that is a bad thing but the name of the game is money so the Yanks had to build a palace.  From the outside, the place looks magnificent and HUGE.  Once inside, the rest of the stadium does not disappoint. I really like the one walkway where they have all the huge pictures (almost poster like) of the former Yankee greats.  Obviously, they have monument park and the retired numbers up so the new stadium does a great job of capturing the Yankee history.  They certainly don't mess that up.   The new stadium (seating area and all) has so much of the old stadium incorporated in it.  The outfield walls look virtually the same and they still have the white facade.  I really like the old school type scoreboard they put up on the right field wall.   While the new stadium is still almost brand new, the place is incredibly clean, even the bathrooms.  I also like how you can hear the radio feed in the bathroom and they have tons of TVs up all over the place so you don't miss anything if you go to buy a beer or some food.  That is always great. Of course, the concessions are expensive but that is the case anywhere.  All concessions at any stadium/arena/dome, etc are a complete ripoff but it is what it is.  The Yankees do have a great beer selection - much more than just the typical Bud and Bud Light.  If you want to try something real good, give the garlic fries a shot.   The stadium has also added many upgrades.  While I have not been to every single one, they have added an NYY Steak, Hark Rock Cafe and a Mohegan Sun sports bar.  They also have the Delta Suites and the Jim Beam Suites. I almost forgot about this - one of my favorite parts of the new stadium is the ridiculously huge TV monitor they have in center field.  The thing is absolutely massive and in HD.  Watching the replays on that is awesome.   As far as the seats go, I have sat pretty much all over the stadium (from field level to the 400 level) and I must say that there really isn't a bad seat in the house.   As you can probably tell from my review, I love the new stadium.  I have been to many MLB ballparks and this place is second to none.  It is absolutely state of the art and amazing.  It will take some time to build the same aura and mystique as the old stadium, but I am sure that will come.
Come now... what can say about the house that Ruth built!!! yes, I know was recently rebuilt but still... its foundation, its core, its majesty of the great George Herman "Babe" Ruth, Jr., nicknamed "the Bambino" and "the Sultan of Swat"!!!! In short, its a GREAT PIECE of Sport Architecture!!!
It's awesome!  Unfortunately, I was never able to visit the old one... but I've been back to this one three or four times over the course of the last six months and well... the experience has been awesome!  Each of the staff members know exactly what needs to be done to get you to your seat!  It's pretty awesome. The talented staff members who are responsible for bringing up sodas and hotdogs are impressive!  They carry them on their heads and are able to yell over the crowd in order to tell you what it is that they're selling.  It's pretty awesome, really. If you're on your way to Yankee Stadium, make sure you dont have a laptop with you or else they'll make you check in your back across the street!!  I was so lucky that my co-workers urged me to keep my bag at work (without mentioning that laptops werent allowed in the stadium). And finally, all I can say is... every seat in this stadium is awesome.  Nosebleed or not.
It is a perfect mix of the original Yankee Stadium (the fence along the top where the lights are & the non-view of the field from the concourse to go with better views of the field from seats, better scoreboards).
cmon its yankee stadium.......nuff said food is a bit pricey tho....sneak some in...lol
Pro: 1.  Large open air stadium 2. Easy to get to via  public transit - be that the subway to MetroNorth railroad 3.  Crazy food selection (even if I am a beer and hot dog at a game kind of girl). Try the garlic fries. Your breath will be tough, but your stomach happy. 4.  Love the tradition during the top of first inning where the outfield stands chant the names of the starting line-up and are one by one acknowledged by the team.   5.  Love the YMCA by the ground crew. Very fun. 6.  It's kept clean. Con: 1.  More expensive than it really should be. Very un-family friendly. My BF is a big Yankees fan, so I know we'll be back.
OK, change is good, right? I guess. But, it's just not the same. I feel closed in here like a bowl and never felt that in the opther stadiums. Seemed like Center Field just went forever. That being said I will acknowledge they have thought of all the creature comforts here and the venues are all top notch. Yeah I can still get a beer and a dawg, but the other offerins are pretty cool too. Seating much more comfortable and don't know of a bad view in the house. I'll always be back - cuz they're MY Yankees.
I know little about baseball but I know the aim is for the dude with the big stick to hit that little ball far enough guy to be able to run around the mats and score a touch down. Thanks to a friend, who happens to be a Yankees season ticket holder, I was able to experience my first Yankees game and check out the stadium. Having been to Wrigley Field, I knew this would be much more modern and was impressed. I liked that they kept it simple and modern rather than all flash. I also noticed that it's really clean. While I didn't eat (I wasn't in the mood for nuts in my mouth), I did get beer for us ladies. At $9.50, it's expensive for a plastic glass of beer but I went in expecting to pay around that much. I didn't get to see how much food costs at the concessions stands but I liked the variety that I saw such as a Nathans and even a Philly cheesesteak stand. If you're not willing to pay higher prices for food, there's a lot of halal carts around the stadium, as well as a McDonalds right across it. Should you have time to spare, there's also a Yankees museum inside the stadium. I didn't bother going in but I thought it was a nice touch to the place. Located right by the 161st St Station, which made getting there and getting home easy and stress free.
As much as I hate to admit it, 1 billion buys a pretty nice ballpark. Food needs work (employees admit this openly) but the seats are ridiculously comfortable, the views are great, the service is great, and if you can put up with watching a team buy it's championships, it's not a bad way to spend an afternoon. The museum/tour is worth it though. if you go on game day, you will likely get players dropping in when you check out the dugout. and the center field memorials and museum with the Mantle memorabilia and hundreds of signed baseballs, totally worth the $$. (and with seat going for over 1,500, you can spare the $20 for the guided tour).
This is the only baseball stadium I've been too but I hear that it's one of the best. AND the Yankees, we can't forget that! I've enjoyed every single visit to the Yankee stadium. It's a must-see/visit type of place, for sure.
This was my first time at the new yankees stadium. They have spent almost $1.5 billion dollars building this nee stadium. The stadium itself is decent but not expectional. They have multiple sections and gates. I liked th exterior design better as compared to the interior design. I just felt even though it was home turf , I did not see fans rooting hard for yankees. I partly blame this on the stadium itself, they really need to cheer up people by playing some good music which wasn't happening when I went for the game. It is kind of expensive to eat and drink around here. Everything right from beer to food is overpriced. The staff at ticket counter and security were friendly and accomodating. Overall an OK stadium to enjoy the game.
It's a place with a lot of history, that's for sure - slightly less now because of the move across the street. Watching a game is about as traditional of a baseball experience as it gets; for example, I love hearing the organist at Yankees Stadium, whereas at AT&T Park I always feel like they're playing recordings of organ music. However, I really hate the food. Garlic fries have so little character, are not crunchy at all (in fact they crumble to the point of nearly being crumby mashed potatoes), and seem to include every seasoning except for garlic. Italian sausage sandwich was okay, but the bread was kind of long in the tooth. I really enjoyed the food at Citi Field on the other hand, and of course you can't beat the food at AT&T Park either. The whole thing makes me look forward to going to a Nets game just so I can try the supposedly awesome food.
There are two great ball parks in this country. There are a lot of good ones, but two that every ball fan should visit before they die. AT&T park in San Francisco is the most intimate, enjoyable place to see a baseball game. It's a sacred, holy church where you would want your wedding. Then there's Yankee Stadium, which is the Vatican of Baseball. It is the most majestic, awe inspiring shrine to the greatest baseball team, and best players in the history of the game. Best part- for $16 you can attend and see a game.
They just need to lower the prices of their food & drink and this would be the perfect place. Every seat I've had, from up in the nosebleeds to pretty much right on the field has been a great seat. It is a stunning facility and the staff really are helpful. I love that the stadium is also having soccer games now. Going to the Manchester vs Chelsea game was one of the best sporting experiences I've ever had! Still, the $11 for a beer is RIDICULOUS.
Take me out to the ball game!   Yankee Stadium, by all accounts, is a gorgeous stadium and definitely worth checking out.  All you have to do is hop off the train and BOOM, you're there.  You see an ocean of blue and crazed NYC fans pumped to cheer on their beloved Yanks.  I'm a huge baseball fan, and though, I missed my SF Giants, I loved seeing the rivalry between the Yankees and the Red Sox.  Very similar to the Giants/Dodgers saga.   The stadium is quite massive and as you can imagine, droves of delicious food stands envelop the place.  I ate a foot-long hot dog, slathered it with hot mustard, relish and onions, downed it with some good ole' Bud Light -- and I was happy as a clam.  :) The best part of watching a baseball game is participating in the 7th inning stretch, high-fiving those around you and singing at the top of your lungs.  The Yanks lost that game, but what do I care, I'm rooting for my G-Men!   World Series 2012-- let's do it!!!
I can see why the stadium cost so much, they def went all out. When I visited for a mid-summers game we started of in the Jim Bean lounge. Nice and clean, free nuts and popcorn, and had the turkey breast. Nuts and popcorn were good, the turkey was a bit dry but hey it's stadium food, what do you expect.
Opening day since 2001.. So happy baseball season is on the way. Tailgate, friends, FANS.. what more can you ask for... maybe warmer weather.. but it's coming. Let's GO YANKS!
I went to Yankee Stadium for a home game versus the Toronto Blue Jays in July 2012. It didn't matter so much which team they were playing because I just wanted a taste of the stadium and the atmosphere of a professional baseball game. Of course the Yankees won handily 6-0 (yay!) and I got to see all of the big name players in action. I sat in the very last row above home plate in the nosebleed section, but I had pretty good visibility (I did my homework using aviewfrommyseat.com). New York is notoriously hot in July/August so I ended up sitting on the seat back while leaning against the wall. The first couple thousand fans in the stadium were promised Mark Teixiera bobbleheads, so I arrived early, taking two trains from Astoria (took around 50 minutes). There were a lot of unofficial street vendors (mostly African American guys) selling water for $1, as well as scalpers around the area of the train stop in the Bronx. The stadium itself is imposing, yet it carries an aura of sanctity. It reminds me of a Mega Church (and I suppose for some people it is). I bought chocolate soft serve in a cool Yankees hat but it didn't taste that great and melted pretty quickly in the heat. I visited the Yankees store prior to the game and of course everything was very expensive (logo hat for $45--what?!) but I managed to grab a few souvenirs for my family and friends. The workers in the store do a very good job of keeping the shelves stocked. I was less impressed with the mass of people standing around trying to take advantage of the air conditioning, which made it hard to move towards the register. As I was leaving the stadium, it started to pour rain and, as people scrambled towards the subway, I felt like I could've been trampled. Overall, it was a nice experience. Something to check off my bucket list. Baseball has never been one of my favorite sports, but that didn't influence my rating. Of course the stadium gets one star for being the home of the Yankees. You can't get any more classic than the Yankees. It also gets another star for being well-maintained, neat and mostly clean. One more star for the friendly and helpful personnel not only in the store but along the walkways who help direct out-of-staters to their seats. I also give it a fourth star for the layout of their seats. Really, there aren't many "bad" seats, besides the ones that are partially obstructed by steel support beams. I can't give it five stars because of the mediocre food quality, lack of visible security personnel (ok, I can't be the only one who has heard that the Bronx can be dangerous!) and the two irritating New Jersey punks who kept harassing me throughout the game (I know, the stadium isn't accountable for who buys a ticket, but still that kind of thing contributes to the experience).
Garlic fries. Steak and cheese. Seats behind home plate. For stadium food, this place is great. Pricier than others, but there is no reason to leave hungry.
Now that I've been to Yankee Stadium for the Manchester City/Chelsea game Saturday, I can compare the two NYC baseball stadiums. I could care less about museums, special foods, dunk tanks, whiffle ball fields, uptight ushers, etc. I want to go and actually watch a game. Yes I like both stadiums but as a Mets fan I have to admit that Yankee Stadium is better than Citi Field. Two main reasons: 1) The way both stadiums are set up, you can see the whole field or at least 95% of the field at YS. Yeah I was there for a soccer game but I could see the whole field except for a small part of the right field corner. Compare that to Citi where there are if you're at the Pepsi Porch, Upper Deck on the RF or LF corners you can't see a big part of those areas. Bad part is that you have to wait till replay to see what happened. The Wilpons are so worried about "The Experience" and having a park so modern, they screwed up on the most important part, WATCHING THE GAME. I don't care about the Pepsi Porch, the fake big wall at left field, the Mo Zone, and all the other crap. I just want to watch a game as it happens. Yankee Stadium, simple is better. You can watch the game as it happens without wondering what happened because the play was out of your view. All sections are easy to get to and the food is about the same expensive price as in CitiField. At least you got McDonalds and other spots to eat outside YS instead of 50 car shops at Citi. 2) When you go to Yankee Stadium, ITS ALL ABOUT THE YANKEES!!! Monument Park, Yankee Museum, George Stienbrenner pix, etc. You don't walk into a Dodgers Stadium, with views from the seats like the Philly stadium, into a rotunda named Dodgers legend, looking at NY Giants colors. I know they got the NY Mets museum now but I know I'm in the minority when I say that rotunda is a joke. I'd go to LA if I want to look at former Dodger players. That said, I like both stadiums. But I was more impressed with YANKEE STADIUM because the focus there is the game, not the frivolous stuff. And the place itself looks and feels great.
such an iconic place to watch our national pastime! great seats (can get cold at night so bring a jacket and hat) and they have a great selection of food and drinks. but it is terribly expensive. I go to games to eat, drink, and hang out with friends but for $50 seats and $40 sandwiches, fries, and cotton candy...is it really worth it?
Awesome stadium! Greatest Baseball team!
Yankee Stadium Schmankee Stadium. This is a biased review, as a Mets fan - but also as a glutton. Seats here are more expensive than at Citi, and it's tougher to find better seats (though its not hard to sneak up..and obviously one team is more frequently winning) The experience of not being in your seats doesn't compare to Citi field either. I think the "museum" aspect of the stadium is gimmicky, and I'm not so big on the pseudo entrance - the JR Rotunda is so much more elegant. ..and of course the food. I had the garlic fries covered in cheese. They were alright - I felt sick afterwards. I would prefer to get sick from eating a double shack or the Citi field nachos grande. I only go here when there's a Subway Series game, so I probably wont be back again until next year.
If this stadium was a man I would be madly in love :-) Yeap I said it! Love the vibe, stores, and all the food options.They even have a gluten free concession stand. The stadium is well designed and the seats were surprising comfortable. I swear the game itself took a back seat to the stadium. The staff and security were all pleasant. While I am a New Yorker I looked like a tourist ;-) I had a Yankee t shirt, and bought the souvenir cups, hat, ate something from several concession stands and even got the waving finger - lol ... The fans for the most part were well behaved and security is so tight that they really was little chance for any ongoing chaos. The ride to the stadium was fine and safe. If you decide to drive there are several parking lot options in the area. I would definitely go back to see another game. If you are a New Yorker you should go at least once even if you are not a baseball fan. If you are a tourist you should put it on your to do list when visiting NY.  See pics!!!
4 stars for my overall impression of the stadium.  It's nice, new, good food, etc.  I've been there 4 times now in the last 3 years.  Today I would have rated it a 2 or 3 however.  Today was the first time I sat in the bleachers, which in retrospect was not the best decision.  The crowd seemed more intoxicated than other sections I've sat in, and were 10x as annoying.  Don't get me wrong, I like my beers at a game, but the yelling, spilling of beers, and the spoiled, spoon-fed, young Manhattan-ites were a bit too much.  In addition, the beer line by the bleachers was extremely long...we probably waited at least 15-20 minutes.  When we finally got our beers the larger size was out and we were only allowed 1 beer per person.  The size of the beers were almost the size of a dixie cup and I finished mine in about 15 minutes.  I will definitely pay more to sit in what I call the "adult" seats next time!
Venue: Yankee Stadium Decor:   Pinstripes all over, Service:   New York(ish) Environment:   Fan Friendly, families, friends, baseball Food:   compared to the old stadium, they have everything.  of course beer but from dogs to sushi.  Yes sushi! lol Prices:   Expensive.  A bottle beer cost $9.75...WTF! Huge Pros:  Catch the 4 train = don't worry about expensive parking Debbie Downers:  Expensive parking if you don't use the train.  Also the tickets are very expensive..the most pricey in all of MLB Conclusion:   It is a beautiful ball park in the Bronx.  Doesn't have the same energy and passion like the old stadium did.  It has wide concourses.  A Museum with Yankee historical exhibits, restaurants, hard rock cafe.  This place is something else!  The outside wall of the stadium mirrors the very old building (which is a throw back) Overall: A- (that's because the food and beer is jack rabbit high)
Because of the prices, I have to give the home of my beloved Yankees 4 stars.  They are pricing out common baseball fans with the riduculous prices of the tickets.  Don't get me wrong, I love the new stadium over the old one.  There are alot more food options, the concourses are huge and they even have ushers to help you out.  You have to make a visit to the museum which they rotate the exhibits every couple of months.  They have the malibu party deck which is pretty neat, located on the 300 level by the right field foul line.
I have been to other baseball games. I have been to some Yankees games. I have been a patron to the old Yankee stadium. But nothing beats a game at the new stadium watching the Yankees own the Red Sox. Granted, I don't understand much baseball. I don't really have anything against the Bostonians. I just like the Yankees (and the Mets) because I live in NYC and I love NYC. The joint deserves a five star because it has all my favorite food and all my girlfriend's favorite food. Huge portion of delicious nachos. Their chilies are great and I am a guy who absolutely HATE chilies. Their beer used to be something close to 20 bux a cup now it's only 10 bux. GREAT! My girlfriend got apple flavored cotton candy which she absolutely enjoyed and could not stop herself from feeding me. All of the above are the reasons why I loved the place because my gf loved it. Now it's about why I loved it. I am a carnivore. I'm not big enough to be nicknamed a T-Rex because wearing a size 40 Jeter shirt makes me look like I'm wearing a PJ. So I'm a raptor, a big raptor maybe. Foot long Nathan's hot dog; GOOD! Primio's hot sausage; GOOD! NYY prime rib sandwich; GOOD! Draft beer; GOOD! Garlic fries (it has it's own stand); GOOD! What's not to like?! Absolutely nothing. I was finally able to stop myself from eating by the bottom of the 6th inning because I ate too much and I felt like was gonna die. Btw, it was a really long game, something like 4 hours. Definitely a place to skip out on the gym for and eat a lot of delicious food. As if the food is not sufficient to warrant all the stars, the Yankees definitely spiced it up with a grand slam on the sox.
I've heard people say the old stadium is hallowed ground and anything new shouldn't be called Yankee Stadium. You dumb asses, go to Citi field and shut your damn trap! The new Yankee stadium is really nice! I love drinking an $11 beer and watching the game... The new stadium is clean, bigger and better. What's not to like? Come on down and support the team. George is proud of his legacy.
Yankee Stadium is a nice combination of the characteristics of the old park and the updates that it needed. I love the return of the arches to their old position, and the preservation of monument park. The subway still runs by, and the atmosphere outside the game is great. Of course, it's biggest problem is how they implicitly treat the fans - it is far, far too expensive. The food and any decent seats. It's pretty obvious how they feel about those who aren't rich and where they belong in the ballpark. There's also a huge club in centerfield that is a giant obstruction to the view of anyone sitting in a certain section of the bleachers. It's ok though they provide.... TVS for you to watch the game on if you have an obstructed view. Kinda lame. My first game here was the WS-clinching game in 09, and I thought the park was beautiful. It is, but it is also as corporate as it gets; they just do a good job of hiding it.
I have sat in Legend seats and the very last row of the upper deck.  I loved both seats.  The stadium itself is imaculate.  Unbelievable from every angle.  The museum is incredible, complete with Thurman's original locker set up and Babe's knotched bat.  The energy has transferred over to the new stadium and it is absolutely spectacular.  An amazing piece of architecture.
What's not to love?!?! I love my Yankees and I love the new stadium. I admit, I will never love this stadium as much as the last, but its pretty damn nice. A tad too expensive but that's most sports venues these days. I prefer to sit upper deck behind home plate. Best seats in the world to me. I've sat all over this stadium and I'll alwasy choose upper deck behind home plate. The food options here are better than the old stadium, but still it's pricey so I usually bring a sanwich and some bottles of water from outside. Yes, you can bring in your own food and drinks (plastic bottles only, and closed NOTHING open) If I want to splurge, I go to the Lobel's steak stand and get a sandwich. And not for nothing, $15 seems like a lot, but you get a TON of fresh sliced high quality steak. And when you consider a hot dog or cheese steak is around $8-$10, $15 for a real good steak sandwich is a killer deal. Also, garlic fries. You will smell them throughout the stadium and they are SOOOOOOO good. There is a TON of garlic on em, so you will stink after, but they are SOOO yummy. Monument park is always a great way to start a day in the stadium as well as the Yankee museum which is located inside. Love my Yankees. This is a must stop for people who are fans of baseball.
This was my first visit to the new stadium. It was pretty cool. The jumbo tron was really big and had high def pics. It is very different than the old park. Some things about that are good, but their is certainly a lack of the old world charm. It is cool that they left the old pole (looks like a baseball bat) across the street from the old park in left field. We went on a really hot day. Here are some great tips for Yankee stadium if it is a hot day: 1) Buy the water outside the stadium for $1 dollar. You can bring it into the park, and save a bunch of money. (Keep in mind that some people sell larger bottles than others, but they are still all a buck) 2) Buy the water that is frozen so it stays cold for you. If it runs out, you can refill with in the bathroom and will still have left over ice. 3) If you are sitting in the bleachers, it will be hot (No shit huh). If you can get the 1 or 2 seat, it is right against an open fence. Their is a fan/air system that blows cool air out into the bleachers from there. Also, that will be the first place that gives you a bit of shade.
Lets go yanks! Gotta love this place. They did a great job with the stadium, and packed tons of history into the place. Look for the huge pictures of old time Yankees pig in out down at the lower level food court. The museum in right field is awesome as well as the great hall which is probably one of the coolest aspects of the ballpark. The stadium is a lot larger and more spread out than old Yankee stadium with less room in foul territory, so when you sit close up your in the action. Because the place is larger though, its not as loud as the old park. Being able to watch the game while walking throughout the grandstand is a great plus, just don't sit in the bleachers near the center field batters eye bar, you can only view half the field which is a drag. Overall great history packed into the place with amazing food options everywhere you turn. Still miss the magic and atmosphere from the old stadium though.
Disappointing food. Half the fun for me going to ballgames is pigging out. If you're from Chicago avoid the Italian beef sandwich stand. Tastes nothing like the real thing, nor is it good. The absence of a line should have been a hint. Best deal is the bucket of chicken fingers and fries. Everything is blah.
Many years ago when I was much more active on Yelp, I wrote that warts and all, the old stadium couldn't be touched. Like most die-hard Yankee fans, my feelings are apathetic at best about the new ballpark, even after almost four years breaking in the place. Somehow the Steinbrenners, who spent 25 years telling us everything wrong with the old park, shelled out $1.2B and managed to largely screw it up. Fatal flaws: 1. The unsightly Mohegan Sun sports bar  which looms menacingly over centerfield, hiding monument park and restricting the view of half the fans in the bleachers. How does this mistake get made? 2. Everything concerned with the prime seats close to the field and the ridiculous moat that keeps most fans from them. I don't begrudge the Yankees for charging as much as they can for the seats since they sell them, nor do I have anything against having a private dinning room for ticket-holders which I've heard is amazing. My issue has to do with the fact that casual fans can't get up close before or after games to check out the field and seek autographs, which is the tradition everywhere else and was among the most enjoyable aspects of going to the game when I was a kid. Also, the optics of the seats which are usually empty during regular season games look horrible in every single way. Find a way to get fans in those seats. 3. The concessions. They're certainly an improvement over the old park, but everything is an overpriced chain that I would not otherwise frequent. Brother Jimmy's, Carl's, Nathan's, Hard Rock Cafe, Carvel and Johnny Rockets just aren't getting anybody excited. The beer selection is also limited. Some better quality and imagination would keep it from feeling like an overpriced strip-mall. Somehow the Mets did this much better. 4. As much as I respect the Yankees for their patriotism, respect for the armed forces and the fact that they still do God Bless America during the 7th inning stretch when everyone stopped doing it about a year after 9/11, I just cannot handle the recordings. Why is it that every minor league team in every small town can find a nice kid from a local high school to sing, but the Yankees can't? 5. Though the dimensions are officially the same as the old park, the curvature of the right field wall makes it a joke out there. It's way too much of a band box at times. 6. Accessibility. It takes forever to get around the place. It seems designed to make fans walk as much as possible to get to/from their seats. The best way to enjoy your experience here is to focus as much as possible on what's going on in between the lines. There is no greater team in the world, there aren't a lot of gags you see other places and the traditions (Bob Sheppard's Jeter introduction, the grounds crew doing the YMCA) are fantastic.  Best of all, you're likely to see some winning ballgames in October.
What. Can I say, the baseball cathedral in da Bronx
Horribly disappointed after being to many other new stadiums.  Too few concessions, half of which didn't take credit cards.  It's almost like they said "let's build a replica of the old park as cheaply as we can".  I've never seen so much cinder block and concrete.  I won't harp on prices, it New York after all.  Sure the great hall or atrium or whatever they call it is OK, but it's a LOBBY!  It's only purpose is to provide a place for the team to sell you a MasterCard with the Yankee logo on it.  Go to Colorado or Seattle, or even Cleveland.  They managed to build stadiums with character that actually appear as though they are finished rather than throwing up a bunch of cinder block, concrete, and corrugated roofing and relying on some mythical mystique to try and overcome a crappy building.
What's better than Yankee Stadium?? The new:  Garlic fries, the plethora of options for freezing cold beers, suites and clubs The old: The fans, the haters, Jorge Posada doing his sexy pre-game stretch routine only a few feat away from section 203.  I'm convinced that might be the only reason people sit there. I have a lot of great memories from the old stadium, but I'll come here with my "Red Sux" shirt on just the same.
this stadium has an airy and modern feel to it versus the raw and nostalgic feel of the old stadium. i love em both. pure new york. the food, although pricey, are pretty tasty.
This stadium was a dandy!  We loved going to the game as the stadium was beautiful, the neighborhood was fun and there wasn't a bad seat or view in the entire stadium.  I felt like Ferris Bueller.  Also, I got a steak sandwich that changed my life at Lobels!   It never hurts that the employees working there really do care and truly want you to have a great experience.
Went to the new stadium for the 7/18/2009 game against Detroit.  Yankshow won 2 to 1. The new stadiums view of the field is very similar to the old stadium.  You still have the view of the train through a gap in right field.  The inside of the stadium has bars and the other things that are a staple in the modern ball stadiums.  Prices are typical sporting event prices - $11.00 for a Guinness.  They do have wine and cocktails but you cant take them to the seats, you have to stay at the bar to drink them (why?!). The Jumbotron is the highest large format screen I have ever seen - if for nothing else you should make a trip to view that monitor (if you are into gadgets).  Check my pics for a view from the 3rd base line seats.
We have been on a variety of stadium tours across the US and just two days ago to Fenway Park - I left that tour a Red Sox fan ready to get in the Green Monster Lottery. Our tour guide was passionate and funny and humorous. No so at the Yankee tour. Our tour guide, Joe, lacked passion in general for baseball, but more specifically for the Yankees! Imagine. Joe seemed emotionally detached and disconnected. For example, it was only on asking that I found out that Alex Rodriguez hit his 600th homer into Monument Park. And it was only on asking the trailer guy that I found 2 seats from the old stadium that were transplanted in the new stadium. These are only 2 examples and there are more. Our tour guide should have mentioned these things to us with exclamation and excitement!! By the way, when I asked if there was anything from the old park that was in the new, I was told no. The trailer guy....his walkie talkie was so loud that it was difficult to hear Joe. Come on, a guest needs to tell you this? When we were in the museum, which was very nice, the inattention to detail was obvious. A little personality added to the script would have been appreciated - especially at $20 a pop! The key chain at the end added a nice touch, but no thanks - it'll take more than that to make me a Yanks fan (by the way, I am really a Dodger fan, but cannot pass up a good game by a fan-oriented team and frequently see games when I travel). Double the price, half the information, and zero passion...some call that priceless...I call it worthless. I cannot say "do not go on the tour," but try not to get Joe as a tour guide.
We took a bus trip up with 350 folks from our town.  We arrived just before the game began so I didn't get to see Monument Park.  That was unfortunate.  We had seats in left field.  They were padded.  That was nice. The park is clean.  The sight lines were good.  Food is everywhere.  Souvenirs were plentiful.  There are no complaints from me regarding the stadium (parking was $125 for the bus.  Ouch!). Having seen games in many of the "new" parks, I have to say there was nothing special about Yankee Stadium.  There seemed to be no personality to the venue; it was sterile.  Again, I did not see Monument Park and that may have been what I needed to see.
Okay, so let me begin by saying how I am NOT a yankee fan- but I'll try my best to not bias my review lol. I merely came here for a friend and to scope out the stadium and size it up to Citi Field (Go Mets!). In comparing the two, Yankee stadium is nothing like Citi Field. The stadium feels very closed off in certain parts. At Citi Field you can probably sit anywhere and get a pretty decent view. But i will give credit to Yankee stadium for incorporating some of the "old" into the new stadium.. as you walk around you'll see tribute to old players, old copper emblems, etc., Also, I have to give props to Yankee stadium for having a wide array of selection when it came to food. I was surprised to see vegetarian, asian, noodle bar", sushi, etc., options- I didn't see these options over at Citi Field.
Great ballpark. Lots of great seats. The Audi Club with it's air-conditioned, all you can eat buffet and waitstaffed left field vantage point is WELL worth it !!! Even in the new stadium, though...those top level, steep tiers are still for cheap, unresourceful "Johnny--come-latelys", I think. (Basically, like I was when I sat there in the old stadium 3 years ago)
The stadium is very well-run & well-kept. And the employees are all friendly and helpful. Like any sports venue, the food and drinks are expected to be overpriced. I've only been to one other stadium before (the old Shea stadium), so I'm not one to compare different venues. But all in all, I had a great time and if the opportunity comes around again, I would love to come back to watch another Yankees game.
Not that impressed with Yankee stadium. It felt very sterile to me, and there weren't really any good food options. Our seats were in the second to last row and we still had a decent view, so that's good.  Also nice how close it is to the subway, but I would expect that in NYC. I've been to much better ball parks, let's put it that way.
Great stadium! Wide concourses throughout the stadium makes moving around uncontested and free flowing. Plenty of concession stands open, hardly any waiting. Staff was pleasant and nice and we found our seats without too much problem. The venue tells the story of the most successful team in baseball history very well and on this day the team played like another potential World Champ. I liked the way the RF bleachers acknowledges each player on the field at the bottom of the 1st inning by calling out their names, and it's just as impressive how the players respond back after they're announced in the 'Bleacher Roll Call'. A wonderful day to watch the bombers play a clearly over matched Toronto Blue Jay team. I'd like to return to Yankee Stadium again someday, maybe when the SF Giants play inter league games in the future!
All this hype about the new stadium, I believe the former had more character than that latter. The NEW Yankee Stadium is the sub par little brother.  Design, all I could see was a lot of concrete.  I hear the exterior design was to mimic 1923 stadium when it first opened.  Listen I am not a die hard baseball fan, my father never took me to a game ublike most.  Honestly it's always my company that gets me tickets.   Is it me or does this stadium seem smaller to its older brother? What happen to the fan noise? Everyone is so damned quite, I just sat there bewildered.  That's what I looked forward too. All I know it's expensive, $10.00 for beer is it craft Yankee beer? Yeah, yeah, I get it we have to pay for the 1.5 billion spent.  If you want Wi-Fi it is there but its speakeasy user and password combination,   I don't even know where you would get it from.  Anyways it's always funny to see official wireless carrier logo from AT&T and your phone has the worst service possible. Don't even try to email, or instagram a photo will take 9 innings. Is the game so boring that most would rather pull out the iphone.  Friend of my said you should check out a hockey game no one is pulling phones out. Always interesting to watch the peanut guy yell "Who's got the munchies" Answer:  I do, damn, friggin  $20.00 bucks no thanks. I can wait.
Disclaimer: Huge Yankee Fan 2 words: Philly Cheesesteaks Worth the trip every time even if we lose.  Carl's philly cheesesteaks are on the main level and the terrace level.  American cheese and onions all the way!
Beautiful, very clean, great atmosphere. Its also a great mix between a family stadium, and a "wear a boston hat, and this whole section is going to be busting your chops!" As usual, the beer prices are pure rape, but again it is a great area to pregame before, grab a heavy dinner and then hit up the game.
These Mets fans took in a game because we got free tickets, and who doesn't like free tickets? Comparing to Citi Field, Bud & Bud Light dominate the $11 taps.  We posted a picture of the other beer locations so you can find something better. Standing room sections at field level are not as comfortable as Citi Field.  No counter, no railing.  No cup holders. No place to put your food or drink.  Also it seemed like the upper deck came down a bit further than Citi Field so you couldn't see as much of the field.  What we did like was the great breeze that seemed to blow constantly no matter where we were in the stadium.
The New Yankee Stadium (2009-) is great!  It is a huge upgrade over the previous steeped-in-history stadium (1923-2008), the House That Ruth Built. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ya… However, Cit Field, which was also completed in 2009, vastly overshines it.  The food and layout of the field are much better at Citi.  But more homeruns are hit here, and that's what fans want to see. If you are a runner and a Yankees fan, then I highly suggest you register for the annual Damon Runyon 5K that's held in August. damonrunyon.org/yankeest… It takes you through all the levels, through behind the scenes tunnels, and has you running two laps around the field, along the warning track.  I ran the inaugural race in 2009 and it was one of the best running experiences of my life.  Don't forget to run with a camera if you do participate, and don't worry about your finish time.  It's all about taking in the sights.
The new stadium is so pretty!!  The garlic cheese fries were awesome, but be prepared to spend a ridiculous amount of money on food.  One order of fries, 2 beers and a soda was almost $50!
Eh. This is a tough one, but just because I hate the Yankees (gasp!) doesn't necessarily mean I didn't want to pay a visit to the stadium on a sunny Saturday to watch them play the Oakland A's. I took the subway to the game from Brooklyn (double gasp!), which I figured was better than dealing with driving and parking. Still not sure about that one... Anyway, once I finally got there in the third inning, I was a little surprised it wasn't a packed house. Being late, I had no issue getting all the way up to the 400 level fairly quickly. Thanks to StubHub (again) I got a ticket for less than face value, which are expensive as hell. Having not eaten lunch yet, I stood in line for at least 15 minutes and eventually got two hot dogs, fries and a beer...all for 30 bucks (triple gasp!) and then headed to my seat. Unfortunately, the game was a bit lackluster and once the Yanks were up 4-0 in the ninth inning, I left to grab a standing-room spot only subway from the Bronx. I have to say, I wasn't overly impressed with anything in particular here, as most everything was sort of plain, bland and just generic concrete (quadruple gasp!). Now I wish I would have visited the old Yankee stadium when it was around, wondering what it was like if this one is "new and improved."
Yankee Stadium is huge! Hubby and I went to see a baseball game here on our honeymoon and it was one of the best things we did. The excitement of the match and the people walking around selling beer and food made the experience so much fun. There are heaps of food options and merch options at the ground - I actually spent ages just walking around looking at things. I was amazed at how easy it was for everyone to exit the stadium - it is not that organised or easy at our local football stadium with about half the capacity. Definitely a fun day out! Can't wait to go back.
Was there for the first concert ever, Eminem/Jay-Z, and it was AMAZING... Perfect for an event like this, so many people in attendance... Perfect layout too, except the one entrance (?) for 50,000+ people... With like 6 metal detectors for everyone to pass through...
I'm not a sports fan, but I can definitely appreciate a beautiful venue // LOCATION // The Bronx // SERVICE // I appreciate that Yankee Stadium allows you to bring in food and water bottles instead of trying to nickel and dime you inside the stadium with their food and drinks. *tip: Water bottles must be sealed/unopened *tip: Bags are searched before you enter // VENUE // The stadium is beautiful and very well kept. The marquees and field are well maintained and even the restrooms are clean // FOOD //     + Hot dog: Although large, these hot dogs are not nearly as tasty as Dodger Dogs!
The new stadium is great! You have a great view from wherever you sit.  (I usually go to the bleachers.) The food and beer selection is vast. It's a fun experience and you can find tickets cheap enough to make it worth going regardless if you're into baseball or not. Get there early and check out the local bars like Billy's or Stan's  for a few pre-game cocktails.
AWESOME!  What else can be said?  Clean. Great food. Of course $$$ but expected. GO YANKEES!
we went to the game thanks to $5 tickets. We walked around the whole place and it was beautiful. The Museum was AMAZING! It was. Annoying that the food was more then the damn tickets. Nut the sits were great. Its true that any sit in the place is a good sit
After "growing up" with the old Yankee Stadium (pre- and post-1970s renovation) I made my first visit to new Yankee Stadium to see the Pirates v. Yankees.  Now living in Pittsburgh, I am spoiled by PNC Park, so keep that in mind for this review.  Obviously, YS has all the amenities you expect.  It's still pretty convenient by subway.  However, I found it kind of "cold and concrete" compared to many of the newer ballparks (or classics like Fenway and Wrigley).  Monument Park was a worthwhile visit (get there early), but the walk down a long hallway behind the bleachers to get there was disappointing.  For a first-time visitor, signage could be better.  Sight lines are generally good, but I felt a long way from the game (sat in 6th row of 300 section behind home plate).  In short, for what they spent, I expected it to be more pleasant.  It's a good replacement for old YS (which was never a pleasant place for a game).  However, if the Cubs or Red Sox ever replaced their parks with something like this, it would be criminal!
I dig the new stadium and its cleanliness, but the prices are ridiculous. Tickets are one thing, but $11 for a bottle of Bud Light? You've got to be kidding me!
The new Yankee stadium is pretty awesome. Its ginormous self contains so many delicious stadium foods and seats that offer several thousands of fans a chance to watch the Yankees play. I don't care for baseball but you can get a pretty decent experience with boozing and chewing your way through foodie heaven. There is a roast beef stand in the bottom level that is awesome! There is also something about cheese fries....
I'm going to step out of order and do the new stadium for my 150th review. I had the chance last Friday to cross a big one off my sports related things I need to do list:  go to a Yankees game and a Mets game in the same day. First up was Yankee Stadium,  the sight when you walk in through Gate 6 into the Great Hall is awesome.  All the large banners of past great players, the concessions staff wearing old school NY Highlanders uniforms, very nice.   I had come in with the preconceived notion that the park would be nice but not feel like home because it wasn't the place where I had gone to Yankee games for the past 20 years, but there's a lot about this place to like.  Connecting the bleachers (with bar!) to the rest of the stadium was necessary.  There are concessions (some not so good info on them later) of all different kinds EVERYWHERE.  Although they aren't cheap, something just feels wrong about paying $10 for a Miller Lite because it's in a souvenir cup.  Here's a little tip though, not sure where else in the stadium they are, but there was a Beers of the World stand where you could get Guinness, Heineken and other import drafts for just $1 more at a small stand in the upper deck.  I also really like the openness of the new stadium and the ability to watch the game from just about anywhere. Going up to our seats about halfway up the upper deck in left field, I didn't feel like I was scaling Everest like the old stadium, which at first seemed great.  But now I realize the fact that the old stadium was built up instead of out had its benefits.  We were further away from the action and the stadium overall seemed much quieter (especially because all of the field level seats near home plate were pretty much empty). Now my only negative experience with the new place.  The concession stand right nearby our section was one of the grills that had burgers and such.  I had my eyes on the Buffalo Chicken Sliders & fries for $10 (and actually considering the amount of food you get, it's not a bad deal).  I got in line knowing I was going to have to wait.  But my line took forever, I missed the whole 3rd inning and hadn't moved much.  Then I noticed that the same person had been standing in line up front for a couple minutes.  Then I noticed that NOBODY was taking orders for our line while the others were all moving somewhat quickly.  This went on for at least five minutes before I said F this I'll just eat at Citi Field and went back to my seat.  If the Yankees (with the Cowboys) now really run a business where they're going to provide concession services to other stadiums, they have work to do. But I can't go less than four stars.  I saw the 1st win in the new stadium which was capped off by a Jeter home run in the bottom of the 8th and Mariano closing out the Indians in the 9th.  That's a good day.
This new stadium put to rest the debate about how much we would miss Old Yankee stadium. Upon entry everything goes smoother. There is more open space,wider aisles and unobstructed views. The seating is plush and the service on the lower levels is amazing.   It's hard not to root for a team when one realizes the house that "The Boss" built was actually built with taxpayer money. I don't hate the Yankees organization for being slick and getting a sweetheart deal but I am glad that the stadium is an architectrual gem with a powerhouse team to go with it.     The food is very good with premium steaks,pulled pork from Brother Jimmy's and a decent selection of beers. I didnt give the stadium five stars because the beer selection is only decent and the food is not as diverse as another local team's stadium. Still, I had a great time here and with the views from the stands it just puts the fans closer to the action on the field.
I could care less about a bunch of men swinging wood at balls. But to see Justin and Jay-Z swoon and groove us? YA DAMN RIGHT, SON. I went to the old Yankee Stadium back in July of 1995. They played the Mariners. It was Old Timer Day. Phil Rizzuto was there and I was unsure why the guy from The Money Store was being celebrated. (So, my knowledge has expanded a bit since I was on the precipice of age 11...) I just remember being bored, hot, and pissed that my white chocolate had melted in the heat. I just wanted to go home! Funny thing is, in my mind's eye, the old stadium looked just like the new one. Surely, that is not the case. I just remember it being big and airy. The new stadium? Just as much. Admittedly, even with a crowd of (surely) 50,000+ people, the flow and way-finding were both very easy. The lines to the bathrooms moved like clockwork. The food, well, I avoided due to price, but I was thankful for the water fountains near the ladies' room to avoid the $5 bottles of Dasani. Seated in Section 111, almost near the field, the view was non-obstruced and pretty damn excellent. Perhaps, though I will not hold my breath, I'll go there again to see those men swing wood at balls. I believe that is why such a stadium was built in the first place, eh?
The definition of an average ballpark. Old Yankee stadium was overrated as well, but at least they can grab hold to the 'historical' aspect, which was worth something. The New Yankee Stadium is like putting lipstick on a pig. It is cold, uninviting, expensive and unwelcoming. There is nothing notable about it at all really. Its better than the old one, for sure, but people who give it five stars have either not been to any other stadiums, or are huge Yankee fans. Not that there is anything wrong with that, but the stadium just isn't that nice. It's just average.
Love this new Stadium but can someone tell them to get salted peanuts. Plain peanuts at a baseball game.....yuck!
As much as I miss old stadium, the new one is very nice. Getting off the crappy subway and ghetto train station, stepping into the stadium is wow. Of course everything is expensive here, but that's expected. Great Yankees Corporation wants you to spend spend spend, and what can I say, watching the winning game here is priceless. The only beef I have was during my recent visit there, this kid was sitting at my seat when I arrived. apparently this kid always sits wherever he wants (checked with the season ticket holders sitting near by), but the stadium doesn't give a damn about it. That's just not cool, after going through not so friendly layers of security.
Beautiful stadium seems a little smaller than Citifield but the crowd here is soooo much better. There's nothing like Yankee fans!!! We went during the week hoping to get a look at history being made with A-Rod's 600th but sadly that night was not the night. Nonetheless we had a great time, great seats, I didn't pay so any free seat is a great seat. Parking was really easy and getting out was a snap (remember this was a Monday so this may not be the case for another day during the week or the weekend. Be prepared to have a great time at the game in this new stadium.
Even though our game got rained out, it was a good tour of the stadium.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  Grand stand tickets still has a great view.
For the most part, the stadium looks the same as the previous version.  The entrance way is nicer and the cup holders are a nice touch.  I hadn't been back since the summer of 2001. The largest difference I noticed was the staff.  When I went back in 2001, I sat int he bleachers and vividly remember huge bouncers throwing people out of the stadium for cheering too loudly.  This time, everyone was extra nice.  From the ticket takers, to the conssessioners to even the police who patroled the park. And...THE YANKEES WIN...THE YANKEES WIN!
Bomb dot Com! This stadium is awesome, not only because I love the Bronx Bombers, but the whole architecture is impressive! The ability to walk around and see the stadium in it's whole. The different food booths, the selections, the atmosphere... it is just overwhelming! This stadium rightfully is the place for the best! The New York Yankees...
I would like to say I loved it but Yankee stadium did not impress me. Or was it my expectations were to high and with all the hype about the new stadium I think the build up did not live up to it. The gray concrete look and prison like feel is what makes it pale in comparison to citi field. I am not a mets fan but  citi field is much more attractive than Yankee stadium.
The food is expensiveeeeeee! Chicken sliders plus fries is $12 not including drink! They have these cheese steak fries that you do have to try though. With the way the seating's arrange the nosebleeds aren't terrible either. Definitely a plus to go watch a game at least once! Also super easy to get too...it's a little intimidating with all of the people outside the stadium selling $1 water bottles. Also - it's super crowded so beware of getting on the subway after the game.
I love the Yankees and going to games at this stadium!  Too bad Stubhub rips you off and the Yankees site isn't any better.   This stadium is way prettier and elegant than the prior one.   Pros:  food, seats, the Yankees Cons: Price
Incredible.
There are a lot of positive reviews on here.  I didn't have the same experience, and wonder if that's because they're in a different tax bracket than me? Let's elaborate. 1) When a baseball stadium costs $1.5 Billion (yes, with a B) dollars, you have to generate that revenue from somewhere.  And no, selling nude photos of Alex Rodriguez isn't going to cut it.  So it comes out of your pocket.  Everything (short of breathing air) is charged, and charged exorbitantly.  Want a hot dog?  $6.75.  Want a bottle of water?  $5.00.  Want to make out with Joba Chamberlain?  $1.25.  You get the point. 2) The new stadium means that some of the charge of the old stadium was lost.  Ushers are everywhere (and I mean everywhere) to make sure you do not step across a taped white line on the ground that really should read "Unless you have $$$ you want to drop, you can't see the game from closer than here."  Try taking a picture 1 step beyond that magical line, and you'll see exactly what I mean. 3) Size.  Bigger usually is better (just ask the girl sitting next to you), but not here.  When a stadium seats 50,000+, you lose any atmosphere because you can barely see what's going on elsewhere in the stadium without binoculars.  To get close enough to see anything on the field, you have to (you know the answer already) have $$$. Look, if you haven't been to the house that your $$$ built (fuck Ruth or Steinbrenner), you gotta go just to say you've done it.  But kind of like getting a tattoo (who doesn't regret that decision), you'll regret going to Yankee stadium unless you are prepared to drop more $$$ than you did on your first car.
I LOVE THE YANKEES!! :) Stadium is great and so are the employees.  I had a hard time finding tickets for a father's day gift and they were very helpful to find me a 4-pack in a desirable location. Go Yankees!
I have been to the new Yankee Stadium numerous times now. My overall experience has measured up to how much people hype of this place. For several reasons I cannot really brag about this place. For one, the food is very overpriced and not good. In the past I have tried a piece of my friends pulled pork sandwich, it was ehh and no where worth the price he paid. Apparently the garlic fries are amazing, but I have yet to tickle my taste buds with them. The hotdogs are your typical dogs that you can find from the dirty water dog vendor on the corner, so no big ups there. The drinks and beer prices are insane. I recently went to the Yankees-Brewers game on June 30 where C.C. was friggin' dealing. This was the first time the guys decided to drive and do a little tailgating before the game. The parking price of 35 bucks is outrageous, but guess what that is sports today. To park your car at Giants Stadium or anywhere else is nuts too! At least at Giants Stadium you can tailgate without the beer police hawking you. At Yankee Stadium we parked on the top level out in the sunshine, and did not know you had to pour your beer into a big red plastic cup or you would get b**ched out by the cops riding on their scooters and possibly get a fine. Thankfully other tailgaters gave us a kind warning. The pros of the stadium are the great view from the concourse in the outfield. You can stand by the railing and see an incredible view of the field. I also am a fan of the right field bleaches; great atmosphere. However, I prefer an older and historic ballpark like Fenway.
This is a nice stadium, and although I loathe the Yankees, I do like visiting ballparks. It's roomy and spacious, and easily accessible by public transportation. I can't speak for the parking situation, and I'm not sure if they're as price gouging as the ticket or food prices. The food here is okay as far as ballpark food goes, and although I've been back several times, I can say for sure the lemonade certainly stands out. There's also a Johnny Rockets in case you're craving a milkshake (probably one of the better bang-for-buck items at the stadium). There's a wide variety of food and I've yet to try them out. Overall, it's a decent place with a lively atmosphere, but prices of tickets and concessions are going to make you cry. I've also been to nicer ballparks, but Yankee stadium certainly isn't bad at all. Definitely worth a trip if you're in the city.
Let's go Yankees!
Best stadium in the Majors. Best team in the Majors... Go Yankees! Cant wait to go back.
This is an absolutely beautiful stadium. The views are pretty damn good. We scored Sec. 226, soft handicap seats at $30 on Stubhub (yes, dude, yes) for the Yankees v Orioles. The great thing about  these seats were that we didn't have to squeeze between people and the seats are soft since they're at the very last row. This means easy access to concessions and bathrooms. Uhh minus stars for $11.50 Stellas and $6 hotdogs. The garlic fries are soggy and seem like they've been sitting out. The hotdog was pruney. Lemonade was soooo watery. Only thing good was the chicken tenders. I don't need to be paying this money for crap food. Mets Stadium has much better food for half the price. I don't have loyalty to any specific team and didn't know what the hell was going on. Shoot, I'm here for the food, beer, and ambiance but it was a good drunk date night gift for my boyfriend. :)
As neither a fan of the sport, nor of the team, can't necessarily say that I am also a fan of the stadium. It surely is impressive in size and amount of food and drink choices, but the one thing that I actually really did enjoy (aside from watching a live sport event) was the cushioned seats.  I mean, let's face it.  Your bum needs to be comfortable when watching a 3+ hour game. We were luckily enough to get seats right behind the visiting team's dugout...and no not the $2000 seats, but the seats behind those...which provided a great view of the game.  The Jumbotron was also pretty impressive, capturing every reply and silly game they conctocted to entertain the fans between innings and what not. Friends who have been there also mentioned that even when trying to get food or going to the bathroom. you wouldn't necessary miss a part of the game with so many TVs around.  But seriously, why spend time watching the game on the TV when you're actually at the stadium? Our seats also had waiter service if we were too lazy to get up and get our own food or didn't want to stand in line.  I thought that was a nice touch, but felt sorry for the employees having to wear long sleeves shirts in the sunny weather. With the many food options, we went for some BBQ sandwiches from Brother Jimmy's BBQ (I hope I remember that name correctly).  I had the bBQ Chicken Pulled Sandwich and friends had the Pork Sandwich.  The chicken was okay, but the bread was kinda stale...that or it sat under the heated lamps too long.  Even tried a fried pickle. I washed that down with a Johnny Rockets milkshake.  Which was sooo thick, I had to let it sit for like 2 innings just to  be able to use the straw.  Strangely enough, even with the heat, the milkshake still kept its cool up until the 6th inning. Overall, as a non-fan of the team and sport, the stadium itself still remains to be talked about, but honestly, not sure it is worth the price of some of the tickets (our tickets were $130).   I'd rather bring my own food than buy food there as it gets expensive (2 people at the BBQ spot was $45).
Baseball just doesn't get any better than this!
I actually like the new stadium but even though it's really clean, organized, and the staff really takes their job seriously, this stadium completely lacks the personality of the old one. Somehow they succeeded in demolishing it along with the old concrete walls. I remember back in the day taking the 4 train and being able to take a sneak peek into the stadium. It was so old classic Bronx. Especially when games were going on and the train would pass by. I recall my grandmother telling me that the train gave the Yankees luck-- so I always hoped the train would pass by and Jorge Posada would give those ugly Boston Red Sox' a homerun to cry about. No such stories with this stadium. Instead people are really docile here. Went to a game yesterday and although I got over a beer being $11 due to the souvenir cup you're forced to buy, I couldn't get over the fact that my mom and I were getting strange glances for cheering and whistling out loud. I'm hoping it was because we were surrounded by the dugout seating bourgeoisie. Overall I loved my experience at the new stadium. I loved how organized everything was and how thorough the staff was... but this stadium lacks personality and I sure hate boring people.Fortunately for me I was accompanied by very FUN people...and a cold budlight! WHY DIDN'T YOU LOOK MY WAY CANO????!!!! :(
A friend won her CEO's tickets so we were 18 rows from 3rd base. Getting to 3rd has never been so easy, or pleasurable! This is the way baseball should be watched. The seats are cushiony and plush, a waitress takes your order and delivers beer and snacks, and everything is brand spanking new. I guess it is to be expected that the food and drink were outrageously expensive. $21 for two Michelob Ultra. $17 for two puny Nathan's hot dogs. The weather could not be more perfect, the Yankees dominated the A's, and Disco Stu looked awesomely sharp on the big screen. It was also very cool to see the subway go past the opposite side of the field. Just one question for y'all, what would be your "at-bat" song?
Opening Day ..garlic fries & yards!
I'm quite a shameful new yorker that my first yankees game happened at the age of 23. well, I went last week, quite excited to return to yankees stadium for the first time since my college graduation, to experience my first ballgame. The stadium is beautiful and clean and the employees are great. We were in section 205 and it was really easy to get there. It's extremely convenient - right across the subway. There's a spacious McDonalds adjacent to the arena if you want to grab a bite. And I suggest you do NOT go into the game hungry, because everything is wildly overpriced. A couple sliders and fries cost my poor wallet $12! I remember a hot dog being $7 and an ice cream $4. There were also grilled chicken sandwiches, pizza, a variety of beers, and the basic fan favorites. Super overpriced but hey it is part of the yankees stadium experience. Other than that, bathrooms is relatively clean, the seats aren't cramped which is nice, and it seems like whatever seat you are in you will have a good view. Make sure to look up your section on the yankees stadium seating chart to see where you are. Enjoy the game!!!! It is a priceless experience :-)
Beautiful, an absolutely beautiful stadium.  Went here on Saturday for a day game, and was blown away at the beauty. I love how they preseved a lot of the historic architecture while making it "new and improved". We were lucky to have missed the rain, and quite frankly, as gloomy as the day was, the stadium itself seemed to have been shining nicely. I cant wait to go back for an A's vs. Yankees game next year.
The Legends experience is great. Price tag seems steep but well worth it. The best seats with the best service. If your in NYC and don't go often I recommend considering this option.
My rating is for the old stadium.  Looking at the history and greatness of past Yankee teams, you have to not only get nostalgic, but became in awe of the magic of this place.  No team, cannot match what the Yankees have accomplished, love em or hate them.  I'm so glad I came in the last season and entered this shrine.  But, like any old stadium, it was an old place.  Concession stands, while plentiful was crowded.  Hallways were small.  The game I attended, the threat of thunder was eminent, so they let us in, but wouldn't let us sit outside.  So I was with a million Yankee fans in the small hallways.  All turned out ok and the game was conducted.  I now need to find an opportunity to attend the new stadium.
IMO, it's no longer Yankee Stadium, but a nice replacement. Eats have improved, and there's more walking space. Get some cheap(er)/heavily discounted tickets @ goldstar.com/?p=f1050912… Monument Park is a decent revamp, but the Mohegan Sun Club above it is subpar. Terrible service would be a grave understatement, and they take your credit card when you order. They kinda kick you out if you linger even a little, but the ceiling decor is gnarly. If you like watching baseball indoors and without photography, this is for you. The crab cakes were meh, the green bean frites meh, and the brownie sundae yay (they ran out of the cheesecake dessert). That being said, unsure of the policy, but it'd be a nice spot to hang during a rain delay. I wouldn't recommend the Audi club, either, as both are glorified private clubs with no real virtue to speak of. I'm happy I paid for neither, and I'd advise strongly against paying to access either club. I was proudly at the FIRST concert at The Stadium. Returned for the second night of the Legends of the Summer Tour in 2013 and the sound was respectable from the 200s, with a Parm sandwich doing the trick for a ridiculous $14.
Let me start by saying that I am not a Yankee fan.  In fact, you might say that I hate the Yankees but that would be putting it nicely.  This is a huge upgrade over the old place which was, well, old.  Like Granny she's charming until she starts to smell.  The old place had the glamor but if you went twice a month it started to show its fraying around the edges. This place is a huge uptick.   The openness of the Upper Deck is a great architectural design.  I can see where some people would call it sterile.  It is but so was the old place post renovation.  In walking around, the bleachers seem like the best place for crowd ambience and view of the game.   I've not had much of the food but it does pale compared to Citi.  Plus, they make these garlic fries near my section and the odor is a little overwhelming.
Yankee Stadium is a must see for all baseball stadiums. Points for being near public transit and for Memorial Park which was awesome.  The stadium itself wasn't that spectacular nor was the "vibe" of the venue. It left much to be desired however the Yankees thanks to their deep pockets always put a quality product on the field which can't be said of all franchises.
I am a bit biased .. I am a huge Yankee fan .. so when I stepped into Yankee Stadium (the original) I got that tingly heart freezing feeling .. I was in heaven .. I could literally die now .. I had seen what I needed to see in life .. All bias aside the old stadium what exactly that ... OLD .. it needed to be revamped .. so I am glad they built a new one .. I have not been there yet, but trust me I will go someday soon .. I cannot reveiw any further since no one goes to the old one anymore .. but do trust I will update this once I get to the Bronx again .. If the food is anything like it was I know I will be satisfied .. nothing beats a day riding the subway eating an Italian sandwich and watching the Bronx Bombers take down another rival.
this was my 3rd AL staduim  Been to Fenway and Cleveland Progressive feild was it was the jacobs feild. Loved it the staduim was there for Phils Yankee Gm had rF SEATS was never at the old Yankeee but its a carbon copy of the old one as ya see on Tv   my fav Amercain park   but suggestion Bring your own food
After skimming a few reviews, this confirms what I thought when I was there.. there's too much money in the seats!  I'm from soCal where I used to go to Dodger games because it's awesome to drop like $10-20 bucks or something for a decent ticket and enjoy a game.  Nothing really beats sitting out there.. and straight people-watching--but I digress. Yankee Stadium is pretty damn gorgeous I must say.  Had decent tickets in the main infield, and thoroughly enjoyed the game (saw NYY v. LAD night-game this year!).  But yeah, I'm guessing that the prohibitve costs kinda kept out the nice diversity of fans that one gets to enjoy.  I looked around it was just straight ballers everywhere.  Where's the beachballs?  The drunken shirtless dude with a painted chest?  Whatever, I bought my pink cotton candy bc you don't always get to eat cotton candy.  It felt like a baseball game then.  Looked like people around me were having beer (a staple), but also like escargot, foie gras, and fancy-shmancy stuff. I'll take beer, cracker jacks, cotton candy, peanuts, etc. everytime. Sketch area as most people know but easy to access with the subway.  I'm definitely going to go back because it was a good time, all the time.  Fair warning--the subway's gonna get packed so be prepared for the back-butt action.. ya know, your back is to someone and their butt is up against your back.  I didn't bother to check if it was a dude or chick, cuz if it was a dude, that wouldn't have been very cool.  Oh yeah another fair warning:  If you see a pregnant lady and you're a gentleman, you give her your seat... don't try to bullcrap an excuse that you twisted your ankle.  Don't hate on me, I didn't know she was preggers :B dmo out (to the ballgame, take me out to the crowd....)
As a lifelong Yankee fan, I was very sad to see the original stadium go.  That being said, yesterday I went to the new Yankee Stadium.  First let me say that I'm glad that it's still called "Yankee Stadium".  Second: WOW!  It is truly a beautiful stadium.  It eases the pain of losing a legend.   It would seem that you can buy almost anything to eat there.  Don't expect it to be good and you won't be disappointed, and bring LOTS of money, as it is not cheap either.  I paid $5 for water.  It was $4.50 for the cotton candy my son wanted, but I gave the guy a 50 cent tip for the dance he did while delivering it.  I always loved the people that serve the seats: they are usually cheerful, and oh so New York!   As always, the stadium is always entertaining, whether on the field, or off.  Go Yankees!
I'm a Giants fan but since they never play in New York, I found myself heading along to Yankees games just to get that baseball fix. The old Yankee Stadium was a shit-hole. Let's all be honest. It was one of the worst fields to watch the game in the modern era. The new stadium however has to be the best stadium in the world and I'm a member of the Melbourne Cricket Club which has the best members area of any sport stadium in the world. The public areas are fantastic. On a packed Red Sox versus Yankees game you don't feel squashed in and you're not waiting in lines at the concession stands or for the bathroom. It would be good it they had public bars to have a beer in when the sun gets hot (and it gets damn hot during a New York summer) - if there was one then I never found it and in that case, they need more signs to it.
Love the environment every time I visit!! The real fun is always up in the nose bleed seats cause if the crazy fans. Many food choices and it's always great.
First visit to the new stadium, and it certainly lived up to the Yankees name and mantra of pay to play. Cleanliness of the stadium was very impressive prior to the game and price of food wasn't as inflated as I was dreading. Our seats were pretty close to the field, but were actually standing, which definitely made for an uncomfortable night as the game against the Red Sox went into extra innings. We felt bad for the employees that had to disburse patrons passing by and began watching in our standing section, but other than that bad surprise of standing tickets, I enjoyed my time at the game.
It is the worst, except for Citi Field. City Field has more obstructed view seats. I am a pleb, as they said in Rome, and sit upstairs in both stadiums. In Citi Field you can't see 30 percent of the outfield. In Yankee Stadium you are a million miles away. The old stadium upper deck had you right on top of the action. Thanks Steinbrenners. Glad to do my part in making your inheritances that much bigger. Bill
First off, the yankees play here.... so that puts a damper on things after you walk in the gates. Otherwise it's not a bad ball park.  There's nothing really special about it though.  I thought they would have tried to manufacture some charm, but it's another cookie cutter stadium. I will say I was expecting the fans to be bigger jerks simply on reputation, but people were generally nice.  The drunk folks were actually quite fun to be around and there was less cussing than you see in Boston or Philly.  As impatient as New Yorkers can be, it's hard to lose patience with a team that buys championships and every other teams best players. We've been to about 10 stadiums in the past two years and this is unfortunately near the bottom.  Citi field actually gets higher ranks in my book because the food is better and wherever you sit you get a better site line to the field. The fans are more laid back and it's easier to park.  The bars around Yankee Stadium are much better than Citi Field though and as much as I hate the Yankees, they still have history so if you come to New York and you are going to visit one baseball game... see the Cyclones... just kidding, you should probably see the Yankees.
For my 300th review I have saved the New Yankee Stadium. First time there I was in $100 seats that I got for free  ( nice, eh? )  ... checked out the new museum located within the stadium and, of course, paid a visit to the new Monument Park  ( yeah, my team has a little bit of history ).
Great experience all MLB fans must have!  Only negative is that the food is overpriced and the ushers have an attitude, but I expect this from New Yorkers.  I prefer Wrigley, Fenway, and PNC over this place.  Monument park is awesome!  Didn't get to see the museum though, but I've heard good things.  Plenty of stores around the concourse.
Came here for Derek Jeter's final opening day at Yankee Stadium.  Good to see recent retirees like Mariano Rivera and Andy Pettitte throw out the first pitch to Derek and Jorge Posada.  I kind of miss the old stadium.  The new stadium looks nice and modern but feels very corporate and profit-making focused.  Most of the seats are cushioned (except the bleachers).   Food is your typical pricey stadium fare; paid $4 for a hot chocolate that was not even lukewarm - fail.  Looking forward to more games and wins though 'cause that's what a fan is supposed to do.
I drove past Fenway park yesterday afternoon on my way to the Bronx to watch the Red Sox take on the Yankees in their new stadium.  Fenway Park is an institution of baseball and the place that I got into the sport.  5 stars all around.  How does new Yankee stadium compare to the park it replaced and Fenway? New Yankee stadium stands in stark contrast to the traditions of Fenway but in it's own nice way.  Getting off the Metro North train and walking through the public park that is still being finished with the stadium looming in front was a real site. It was madness outside the gates with giant crowds.  I saw at least 6 police officers with machine guns which seemed like a terrible weapon choice in such a crowded place (talk about potential collateral damage!).  This is my second time to this area (I saw a game at old Yankee stadium during it's final year) and both times I didn't notice much in the way of nice places to eat or drink in the surrounding area.  but I managed to score an excellent giant slice of pizza for $2.50 just on the other side of the subway tracks that pass by the side of the ballpark.  It was really just a hole in the wall, you could kind of enter to buy a slice but most people just ordered through the window. We got inside rather quickly and we were immediately struck by how friendly the employees at the stadium were.  They were all extremely polite and it all seemed very genuine.  Employees are nice at Fenway but there are so many more people working here so you come into contact with them more often. Prices for food and drinks were absurd.  Granted, Fenway is not much better but when draft beers are $12 and hot cocoa is $10 it's hard not to shake your head in disgust.  I have no issue buying beer at this price on special occasions but I think high priced food and drink turn off large families from attending (the tickets are already expensive as it is) which is a shame because baseball is a family sport and everyone should get to enjoy it. Is it a law in NYC to post caloric content?  I can't understand why they would do it otherwise.  It's rough enough paying $8 for cheese fries so telling people that they are 1,300+ calories is just cruel. And now, the game: We sat Main Field, 227A on the aisle.  The view was great and ran down the third base line.  These tickets had a face value of $90 and I think the equivalent seats would be fairly close in price at Fenway (maybe closer to $75) but it is waaaay harder to get Sox/Yanks game tickets at face value in Boston because the demand is greater.  It looks like there are practically no obstructed views at this park.  (It is sometimes hard to love Fenway's charm when a pole is blocking your view of second base :-D) The PA stopped functioning in the 6th inning and was not missed.  I thought it was too loud and always find the music somewhat grating.  The Yankees fans did not let the lack of a sound system prevent noise and excitement.  I don't think anyone has heard it get as loud in this new stadium than when Jeter got on base in the 9th and they looked ready to turn things around at the last second.  They didn't and to the frustration of many, and the delight of a handful, the Red Sox got the win. BIG TIP-buy bottled water, peanuts, and other staples outside from random people on the street.  Water is no problem as long as it is unopened when you bring it in.  Not sure about the "legality" of bringing in peanuts but the giant bag I bought for $2 on the street and smuggled inside wrapped in my jacket looked absolutely massive compared to the puny bags they were selling for $6 inside. So I give it 5 stars because it's a great place (and this was written by a Sox fan).
I saw my first game in the new Yankee Stadium yesterday afternoon when they played the Cleveland Indians. I was indifferent to the old park since I did not have the chance to see that many games but this stadium is really nice. If it's your first time going, get there early because Monument Park and the Yankee museum are must-sees and they get crowded in a hurry. By the time my party was finished exploring the stadium and got to our seats, the starting lineups were being announced. The facilities are somewhat of an improvement but they disappoint compared to Citi Field. The bathrooms, for example, weren't as state-of-the-art as I expected them to be but they were still cleaner than the aging first Yankee Stadium, The concourse offers a breathtaking variety of foods from traditional hot dogs and peanuts to garlic fries (which we could smell as we entered through one of the rotundas). Of course, everything is more expensive since the Yankees are still a great team ($9 for beer compared to $7 at Citi). From where we were sitting on the home run side of the foul pole in the upper deck, we still had a great view of the park. The club itself inspires a lot of tradition since the Yankees have historically been a competitive team. From Yankee museum to playing "New York, New York" after a win you have the sense the the stadium does its best to carry on the Yankee legacy. A special mention, though, goes out to the fans. On the game we attended, A-Rod got hit by a pitch in the fifth and the entire stadium booed so loud that I think the Red Sox heard them.
I took a trip to the new Yankee Stadium for the first time this past weekend to see my beloved Boston Red Sox face the New York Yankees. I had been to the old stadium before and sat way up in the upper deck - and still found it enjoyable. This time, I was gifted some amazing seats behind home plate (about 20 rows up in the nice, comfy leather seats.) The stadium feels huge, but in a good way. The walk ways are wide, the views are fantastic, and there are about a gazillion options for grub and drink. I was thoroughly impressed at the variety, and despite being at a ballpark, I didn't think the prices were that out of control. The beer selection is pretty good, with beers ranging from Bud Light to Stella (and many more) and they are about 11 or 12 bucks for 22oz (I think). I wouldn't have minded a smaller size option though - it was a hot day and my beer got warm pretty quick. If there is a smaller size, I just didn't get a chance to find it. The stadium was clean before the game, obviously a mess after, but I thought all the employees were friendly. Some of the service was slow, I waited about 5 minutes for attention at one of the beer stands before moving on, unnoticed. The game was great (Boston won!), but the entire time I was thinking "man, they should tear down Fenway and make a new stadium ASAP." New Yankee Stadium manages to remain classic looking, while having all the luxories of a ballpark made in the 21st century.
Came here for a game in June 2009 when the new stadium opened. It's pretty huge, but very easy to navigate. The bathrooms were clean and pretty empty for the most part, so there were no lines. There was a bathroom attendant/cleaner who was very attentive to the needs of people. Even the food lines weren't that long. The food is definitely on the pricey side, but it's just standard stadium prices. I had the fries, and the portions were pretty good. Since I am a Yankees fan, I plan on coming here for another game hopefully soon.
The Old Yankee Stadium was a destination, something to cross off your bucket list. This reincarnation doesn't come close to fitting that description. My experiences with Yankee Stadium are best summed up by this: I purchased a hot dog and fries. I already had an $11 beer in hand, so I asked the cashier for a cardboard tray to carry my food. He told me that I didn't buy enough stuff and that he couldn't give me one. After pointing to my beer and reminding him I just spent $20, he gave in and I got my tray. I don't blame the employee for this exchange; rather, I blame the Yankees because they probably have some sort of policy in place that discourages giving out trays to paying customers (or suckers, depending on your point of view). Anything to help their bottom line I guess. Also, someone needs to explain to me why there is a Hard Rock Cafe in the stadium. I have yet to hear a rational reason. On the plus side, it is convenient to get to by NYC Subway. Other than that, I just hope the Cubs and Red Sox don't make the same mistake the Yankees did.
I loved the new yankee stadium when I visited. There were so many stores. It was so much fun, everything was clean and the staff was so kind. I will definitely be coming back.
I was invited the other day to go to the new Yankee Stadium, with my buddy. I didnt expect the cool experience from just going to this ball park. We had tickets to the Jim Bean Suite, which was ultra cool because we were wisked in a private entrance, and jumped in an elevator which took us to the suite.  We walked in were handed free popcorn and peanuts, which were great.  We then made our way to the Jim Bean bar where we had great draft Stella beers.  After a few innings we made our way to our seats, which were behind home plate.  An excellent view of the entire field.  On that day we had the luxury of seeing the Yankees destroy the Texas Rangers 12-4, which added to the already over the top experience. The stadium was clean, the level of service was great and was Yankee fitting!
Hands down classiest stadium in sports. GO YANKEES!!
It's a new stadium ... but with no retractable roof. In humid as hell 90-degree weather, this can suck. Clothes are drenched in sweat. Your beer is lukewarm. Jumping up to cheer at an awesome play ... well, you just might faint. The only sign of a/c is inside the pro-shop, which is packed. However, I still had an incredible time at Yankee Stadium. We had great seats, a lovely view, the Jumbotron was huge, we had plenty of fresh-squeezed lemonade, a giant hot dog, the fans were friendly, and Derek Jeter was, well, amazing. The game was rained out right after the 7th inning stretch. It felt like a "real" baseball game seeing the grounds-crew pull the giant white tarp on the field. You don't see that in Houston (we have the retractable roof at Minute Maid), and before that we had the Astrodome. So it was an interesting thing to happen at my very first Yankee game.
Ohhhh it feels so damn good to be back in the Bronx! What better spot to review for number 400 than Yankee Stadium?! Ive been blessed with the opportunity to make it out to see two games on this visit back to the homeland, and theyve both been great! Its quite different in many aspects in comparison to the old Yankee Stadium.  Some good, some not.  The place is CLEAN! Damn...look at these bathrooms! Royalty could use those toilets! Ha! Nah but seriously, theyre a far cry from what they used to be.  As are the fans; generally speaking. Wheres the kids? Wheres the guys in the stands screaming at the outfielders of the opposing team?! Oh, wait, hold up, there they are, theyre wearing $5000 suits and $50000 watches! Point is, Yankee Stadium, has evolved into a "richs mans" ballpark.  Sad, but true.  Youre playin yourself if you believe differently! $35 to park a car? Huh? Does that come with a free wash and vacuum?! Do i get a photo with Jeter for that $35 bucks too? I'll pay $30 to park if A-Rod signs my shoelaces! You crazy! Take the subway in if ya can for less than five bucks! Memorial Park is worth checkin out before gametime, as is the museum, definitely check them out while ya there! Yea, everyone knows beer/soda/food inside the stadium will run ya into the poorhouse real quick.  You can bring food in, sodas in an unopened plastic bottle, not sure bout beer though.  A small backpack is allowed, ya just gotta let em search it upon entrance. I absolutely love that you can still see the subway cars pass by beyond the outfield! Thanks for keeping that part alive! Also, the guys out in right field/first base side chanting for HOR...HEY, HOR...HEY! Very happy thats still goin on, love it! I remember the heads that used to do the Matsui Godzilla chant...oooouhahauhuahhh!!! Miss that! Hey, its Yankee Stadium, put it on ya list of things to see before ya die! Its real like that! Yo Uncle...hook up some Playoff tix will ya! After the Seventh Inning Stretch, i made my way over to the GM's box armed with one question:  "Mr. Cashman, why must the common fan lose his shirt if he wants to come enjoy a ballgame?" His response:  "Well, Seven, look around, we are a Corporation now." I'll leave it at that.
Amazing stadium, but the staff and strict policies make it a grim place to watch a game. I'm  a die-hard Yankees fan, and I prefer watching games at Citi Field (Mets).
Being a Red Sox fan living in Brooklyn, I must begrudgingly admit this is a very nice and well run stadium. This was my first visit to the "new" Yankee Stadium to which I traveled to watch Manchester City defeat Chelsea 5-3. The food was very overpriced, but the quality was spot on. I had a sausage, beer, a pretzel and ice cream. In between, I watched the match from row 17...great seats! Had I been in the upper deck and/or not someone's guest, my review might have been tempered by my drained bank account! Travel by train to the stadium was easy and the staff at the stadium has obviously been well trained.
I love my Yankees, but I only really like the stadium. The food is, of course, way overpriced, never really hot enough, and you'll spend half of your food-to-seat time trying to balance mustard and napkins on a crappy cardboard tray that doesn't fit anything you bought. Who even makes those? Good views, great seats - everything's still fresh and new. Mass transit is fairly efficient (you can take either the dirty D or the F, I think?), but it's going to be a long trip home (no matter where you're going).
Great place to see a game if you're a multimillionaire. Not a bad seat in the house, except a few out by the Mohegan Sun bar. Avoid the steak sandwich (15 bucks and tastes kinda like Steak Ums) as well as the dry and flavorless Cuban Sandwich (12 dollars). Thank God for Stub Hub. Go Yanks.
This is gonna come off as another one of those whining posts about why the new stadium isn't as good as the old one, but I don't care. I will be heard! I love the Yankees, so this is all for nothing as I will continue to go to games, no matter where they are held. this stadium sucks though. it caters to the fans who would get beers dumped on them at the old stadium. its full of cool lounges where you can get wallet raped for cocktails and eat pizza designed by someone who won top chef 6 years ago. It has stores full of overpriced crap you can buy. it has tons of things to distract you from the arduous chore of watching baseball. wait what? the old stadium was cramped, loud, rude, dirty, and perfect for watching baseball. if you hated baseball you probably had a horrible time at a ball game at the old yankee stadium. that's the way it should be. the noise level sucks, no visitors ever worry about coming to play here, you cant curse, expose yourself (chicks would flash in the bleachers all the time - great mammories, i mean memories), or do anything. this is like Disney World with a baseball diamond in the middle. Its gotten so bad, that Pansies like Nick Swisher get hurt feelings when they get booed. they aren't used to real savage fans showing any emotion. its like a Broadway play about baseball.
Considering all the damn money having gone into this place, I was expecting gold plated trimming around the entire stadium... instead I found over priced dining options, inconvenient  ramps with too few escalators/elevators for the disabled and well, the yankees (Go Cubs!) I prefer the new Mets stadium better!
Philly Cheese steak and garlic fries were awesome.. Great venue!!
Pros: Beautiful architecture Seats have cushions Friendly staff Yankees won every game I went to Cons: I couldn't afford the post season tickets...
Beautiful, clean, modern stadium.   That's all I can really say.  The neighborhood is a little sketchy but Yankee Stadium and the baseball parks around the stadium are very beautiful.   I purchased two seats that were 'obstructed view' but didn't really bother me at all (section 414 row 6.  Saved $20 each seat!). Other than that Yankee stadium is worth the visit, at least once in your life.
The old stadium was better but this is still Yankee Stadium.  Die hard yanks fan, a game here is never bad...as long as they win.
I visited Old Yankee Stadium for the Padres/Yankees series during the last season of the space.  It seems pointless to review now, but what the heck.  Nostalgia, right? Obviously the stadium (and the City in general) is very accessible by subway.  This is probably your best option when getting to the game. I had amazing seats for the 1 game I went to - about 9 row, box seats, behind home plate.  We had a private server, which was clutch.  This was also a quick way to rack up a HUGE tab.  Oh well, you only live once! I never really had any desire to visit Yankee Stadium (old or new), but it just happened that the Padres were going to be there around my birthday, so I made the trip. Overall it was fun.  I guess someday I might go back to see the new version.
Let me say that I am not a Yankee fan, but I did not let that impact this review.  Overall I found the stadium to be bland.  The HOF is tiny and unipressive given the history of this franchise.  The inability to walk around the entire stadium in my view is a negative and the size of the upper concourse is tight.  In comparison, the Mets new how (am I not a Met fan either) is glourious and impressive. Old Yankee stadium was kinda bland also..but at least it had History on it's side...
Rocked it....the suite was amazing.
I've been to both stadiums and this one is gorgeous. Personally, I don't care for baseball but even I acknowledge the awesomeness. It's bigger, it's better. You can find ANY type of food. It's easy to get to from NJ or by subway. The prices are as expected. $9.75-$12 for a beer; $6.50 for a hotdog. But again, it's expected. The item most worth the splurge? Stadium garlic fries. Don't ask, just eat.
Love the Yankees and love their home ground too. The new Yankee stadium is nice, the seats are comfortable. The food in the stadium is really expensive, mostly because there is hardly any choice. Like it or not, after all, it is all about the game!
This stadium is a sheer tribute to concrete. Nothing overly spectacular...but it beats the Old Yankee Stadium. It's just a stadium with bells and whistles still in the bad part of the Bronx. Citifield, however, is a wonderful stadium. I'm not a Mets fan but someone just calling it the way I see it.
Pretty impressed with how easy this stadium was to get to (yay for the NYC subway system). We didn't purchase expensive tickets but our view and seats were excellent! The stadium is clean which is always a bonus but of course the food is over-priced... I think you have to expect that though when you go to things like this. Baseball is huge in the US so I'm glad we had the experience of going to a game! The fans were friendly and the staff were nice over all I was impressed with my experience. The food was actually surprisingly good for being stadium food. This stadium is new and you can definitely tell, I would definitely come back for another game!
It's a beautiful stadium. But nothing compared to the House that Ruth Built where my brother and I would attend 100s of games with my parents and incredible concerts. The old stadium was just so much like home to so many. The fact that it's gone is hard to take, but it was replaced with an incredibly nice stadium.
justin and jay-z...excellent!!!
I will preface this by saying that the stadium is gorgeous. The issue here is that the environment is so busy and so much is going on that the ballgame feels secondary. I've been to places where the on the field product was the attraction (pittsburgh, bmore and DC) and this isnt that kind of place. It is worth a trip due to history and you cant complain about a day of baseball.
Grew up in rotten apple. Only good memories from the 70s are the Yankees (Thurman Munson) and 80s Mamouns fallafel
Clean with friendly employees.  Just something is missing which would make this a 4 or 5 star, don't know what it is.   The food was extremely overpriced.  They don't allow you to walk down behind home plate during batting practice....I guess they want to keep those seats empty so it looks empty on tv!
There once was PR girl in Midtown, who had on her face a big frown So her friend, Becca S., Herself a bit stressed, Said, "Don't be down; let's see baseball uptown!" To The Stadium they headed sans fear, Paid $11 for each fancy beer, Their team lived up to the hype, Looking hot in pinstripes, "Jeter, hit it here!" they shouted with cheer. They won big, 'twas like old Yankee lore, The girls screamed each time the boys scored, After hot dogs were tried, and many cheese fries You can be sure, they'll be back soon for more! They ate, they drank, the Yanks won, The evening was awesome - incredibly fun! This, k rey knew, would be her two hundredth review Far from done - bring on two hundred and one!
The stadium itself is really nice. Its big, the seating is comfy. If you are coming for a game it does the trick. However when compared to Citi-field this place is garbage. Yes I am a Mets fan. Let me get this out of the way. I actually came to Yankee stadium for the JT/Jay Z concert. Again seating was nice. Had a nice view of the stage. Sound was amazing. The food and drink was terrible. The selections at Yankee Stadium are terrible. I unfortunately didn't eat before coming here which was my mistake. When I got to my seat I told my friend that I was going to go look and see what food options were available. I walked around for 10 minutes and everything was pretty much meat on a bun here. At Citi-field there are 10x the food selection available. Also your beer selection is very limited at Yankee Stadium. I didn't walk the whole stadium but in the area I was sitting in all they had was 2-3 beer selections and thats it. Citi-field has a tap house area and you can get mixed frozen drinks with hard alcohol in it. As a sports venue its just not as good as the other new york sports venues. This was recently built right? Barclays was fantastic. Citi-field was amazing. They redid MSG and added all this new stuff. So is it worth to go? I wouldn't go if you are not a yankee fan. Can't say the same for the other places that I mentioned. Even if you don't like the Nets-Knicks-Mets their stadiums are more fun to be in.
this stadium is great, b/c it's nice and new.  then how come i'm not giving it 5 stars?  the concessions tend to repeat themselves, so i kept seeing sausage after sausage after sausage.  also, they list the nutritional info of the food.  do i really want to know that i just consumed 1200 calories by eating an order of fries?
Things I've Done at New Yankee Stadium. Marveled at the short lines to get in. Paid too much for beer. Been frustrated by my inability to see the whole field from my seat. Paid too much for chicken fingers. Pretended to be excited about the home run I couldn't see happen. Paid too much for fries. Marveled at the size of the Jumbotron. Paid too much for a hot dog. Wondered how you're supposed to follow all the action from the bleachers. Paid too much for my seats.* Pined for the old stadium. Expressed confusion about the lack of horribly obnoxious fans in the bleachers.** _________ *Actually this is a lie, I've only been here when offered a ticket. And I'm going to keep that streak going. **Is it just my friends that are like that?
The New Stadium is Nice.  I tend to think the idea of trying to recreate the old one, but classier, is cheesy and shortsighted, but they definitely did hire an architect. Apart from missing an opportunity to create something new, it should also be noted that this is not a ballpark, it is definitely a Stadium. The food was disappointing but the overall baseball experience was enjoyable. Except of course for the DH. Maybe fans of the American league just don't know how lame it is. Maybe they think they are watching actual baseball games.
First time to Yankee Stadium.  Best stadium in the US.  Jay-Z put on a show second to none.  I can't wait to make it to a  game.
The first time I watched the Yankees (and even baseball) was when I was a little boy and I heard my grandfather shouting. Being alarmed and curious I strolled into his room and he was mouthing off at the TV. I quietly took a seat on the floor as I didn't want him to direct his shouting at me. He continued his shouting occasionally jumping up and down. After he noticed I was there, he started talking to me like I knew what baseball was. Of course I had no idea what he was talking about but I just nodded my head and watched. Strikes, Balls, Homeruns, ERA, etc...what was my grandfather talking about? Fast forward to present day, after learning the game of baseball and being a Yankees fan for well over two decades I knew I had to buy tickets when I saw there would be a subway series the same weekend I would be in town . Even more exciting was the Mets ace pitcher Johann Santana was slated to start the only day I would be able to watch a game. Some of the highlights: * Stadium: Every stadium has their own distinctive feature, AT&T Park has McCovey Cove, Fenway the Green Monster, Oriole Park the B&O Warehouse, and Dodger Stadium the LA smog. For this $1.5 billion stadium, the distinctive feature is the frieze that crowns the upper deck and is meant to evoke memories of the original Yankees stadium. The field dimensions are also exactly the same as the original stadium at LF 318', LC 399', Center 408', RC 385', RF 314'. * Teams: For 2009, the Yankess and Mets boast the highest payrolls in the MLB, ranking 1st and 2nd respectively at $201 million and $147 million. Both rosters feature all-stars and future hall of famers. So even though I paid more than double the face value for my ticket, I still felt I got my money's worth as we only have the privilege to watch these players play over a specific span of years. * Food: The food here is great, the only thing is it's expensive so prepared to spend if you want to eat and drink. At $11 a pint, I slowly and strategically drank my 4 Heinekens over the 9 innings. (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…). There are too many food options to list here, but I just had a Nathan's foot-long hot dog and garlic fries. (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…) (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…) * Yankees Museum: Showcase of their championship trophies, hall of fame memorabilia, and a "ball row" of signed baseballs from Yankee legends. For a great picture, they also have a single Yankees locker where fans enter their name in a computer and have it displayed on the name plaque above the locker. * Yankees Team Store: Just in case you still have money left over from the food and drinks. The stadium has several retail stores that offer a ginormous selection of Yankees merchandise including official Yankees memorabilia, jerseys, bats, and other merchandise. * Great Hall: This is located between the exterior wall and interior structure and is a open-air concourse that features huge double-sided banners of 20 Yankee legends. (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…) * Final Score: 15-0 Yankees cream the Mets. Overall, perfect way to spend a Sunday afternoon. Well, other than destroying the Red Sox of course.
Take me out to the bleachers Take me out to the fun Buy me a hot dog and throw me a **** I don't care if I ever get ***** For it's root, root, root for the Yankees If they don't win it's a fix! For it's eight, nine, ten beers you're drunk at the Yankee game! Improvements from the old stadium: better food, the stadium's open so you can walk around and not miss any of the game (especially great because the bleachers used be closed in AND dry), Swisher/Teixeira/CC/Burnett Downsides: Too F***ing expensive. $10 for a beer? $10 for a freaking PROGRAM? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? My seats in the bleachers are $12! Box seats in front of the bleachers. The Bullpen still sucks.
I'm going to just come right out and say it....I'M A RED SOX FAN LIVING IN THE BRONX.  There.  It's now off my chest and I can move forward.  (Don't hate!).  I finally got to check out the new stadium this week.  Went to 2 Red Sox games here (and yes, the Yankees got spanked right in the ass...Sox own this team).  This place is overwhelming.  I do love the gigantanormous screen inside the great hall.  Wow.  Even completely obliterated people can't miss the game...all they have to do is look up at this screen and hope they don't fall over.  The seats on field level rock.  They have awesome cushions and are roomy.  The cupholders are a bonus touch as well.  Elevators in a stadium?  You got it!! The seats way the hell up there (aka, nosebleeds), have easy access by huge elevators.  No more stumbling up those rows and rows of stairs if you're feeling lazy!  The stadium has bars all over the place too..most excellent.  One MAJOR complaint though.  When purchasing overly priced food and drinks, the credit card machines went down.  Stood there for 20 MINUTES!! The people would not give back the card.  FINALLY they decided it was on the house.  Took them that long to decide after I was done eating my philly cheesesteak.  LAME!  They should have decided within a few minutes...NOT TWENTY!  Yes, this stadium has a lot of kinks to work out, as well as training with the staff.  Nice place to watch a game though.  Convenient for me since I don't live too far.  Overall, it only gets 2 stars..that's one more than I gave the old stadium.  I am a RED SOX FAN after all.
As a ten year old child, I remember being nervous on the rattly 4 subway train.  I had never been above 86th street, and here I was in my Yankee t-shirt on the way to my first baseball game.  The 86th street stop had come and gone a long time ago.  The subway car was packed so tightly now that I knew we were close.  We emerged from the darkness to an elevated platform and then I was blinded by something.  I didn't know what it was, but I let my eyes readjust, and there out of the blindness, I began to see again.  I realized that the bright lights of the stadium is what blinded me and I had never seen anything so beautiful. As a child, everything impresses you.  But this was something completely different.  This was something that tangibly touched my soul and rattled it.  The subway cars opened, and people in their navy blue shirts and Yankees hats began chanting "Let's Go Yankees!" in unison.  It would be something that I'd come to say over and over in my life.  As soon as I got into the stadium, I was in awe and knew from then on my life would never be the same.  At that moment, I became a Yankees fan for life. In life, things come and go. The stadium is gone now, and has been replaced by a new stadium.  Those memories will never leave you, but there's just no longer a physical representation of them anymore.  Like the players that retire, our love has to move on.  It gets reshaped and you learn to love again.  Nothing will ever come close to the old stadium, but the Yankees organization has done a good job in bringing the love and nostalgia that people have for that stadium to the new one.  Every child in New York in their life should be taken to Yankee Stadium.  Some of the best memories of my life have taken place here and I know that I will create new ones at the new stadium for the rest of my adult life. I go to over 40 games a year and consider myself an expert on the place, so I'm going to spend the rest of my time giving you tips on how to enjoy the game. FOOD: Go to Carls Steaks and get the Philly Cheesesteak.  There are two locations.  Section 104 and Section 222.  Great cheesesteaks! Garlic fries at the garlic fries stand near section 106.   DRINKS: Do not settle for the standard Miller Lites that are throughout the stadium.  Every single level has "Beers of the World"  They're only $2 more than the Buds and Millers.  Hoegarden, Stella, Corona, Becks, and Guiness are served on draft at these stands. TICKET PRICES: If you can hold out, you can usually get tickets at cheaper than face value on Stubhub.com a few hours before the game.  They stop selling tickets two hours before the game time. Stubhub is officially the reseller of MLB and they guarantee you entrance.  It is not risky at all.   MONUMENT PARK: The park closes 45 minutes before every game.  Go two hours before the game if you really want to see it.  There's always a line, but it goes fast.  Don't be intimidated.  It is a must see.  I make it a point to go every single opening day.  Call me superstitious. DON'T BE LATE!  WEAR A JERSEY!  WEAR A HAT!  WEAR A BASEBALL SHIRT! DON'T BE ONE OF THOSE STUFFY CORPORATE TYPES! AND MOST IMPORTANTLY: Enjoy yourself.  Take in the game.  STAY UNTIL THE END!  And just pray you get to be there when Mariano Rivera runs to the mound while "Enter Sandman" is playing. For those that don't know, Rivera only pitches in the 9th inning.  You must stay for him! Watch him pitch in the twilight of his career.  You are watching a master at work.  Watching Mariano Rivera pitch makes you wonder if its similar to how people felt when they say Mozart compose.  Take your kids.  Take your special someone.  And just relax and watch the greatest game in the world. I would like to thank for the good lord for making me a Yankees fan.
I travel a lot and in those travels i do a lot of major sporting events at almost every venue. This is hands down the nicest stadium for any sports teams in the US (Dolphin Stadium is a close 2nd). The food, ammenities, stores, and best of all field is designed amazing. Even when it rained there was enough cover for the packed house to move under covers and for everyone to enjoy the game. Its literally on top of the old stadium. 1) The old stadium is not being demolished completely, it is being turned into little league fields and the city is pumping tons of money into this. Nice job ! 2) Whoever said this stadium doesnt sell out must have gone on an off night. We got tickets outside for front row 3rd base seats for 50 bucks each. If you want to pay 300 bucks then buy them from the Yankees / Stub Hub. Scalpers just like the old stadium are everywhere and reasonable. "Dont play with me" --- repeat that to the scalpers until the price is closer to what you want.
This review is not really going to be fair I think. Yesterday I got to experience the new Yankee stadium and the New shea stadium ( i refuse to call it what its called but more on that in the new shea review)   There are many words I could use to describe it. HUGE is one for sure... But I am going to go with Cold.  But lets talk about whats good about it cause there are some good things.  First of all the scoreboard could be the largest scoreboard i have ever seen in my life and there seems to be one TV for every 20 people ( when you go you will know i am not exaggerating)   The stadium is very clean, sure its only been open for 4 days or so but it has to be one of the cleanest parks i have been to.  The Trash cans are pretty sweet as well there are ones for Trash, one for plastic and one for compost so its a good idea and makes them appear to be green.    The bad well its a STADIUM in no way could it be mistaken for a "park" its a HUGE STADIUM built for Rich people by Rich People. 9 dollar beers, 9.50 if you buy at your seats.  The upper levels were all packed but the seats closest to field level were half empty. I looked it up, and for the home opener the STADIUM was only 84% full! Sure it was a sell out but come on you cant go to opening day???? So if you have solid gold underpants you will fit right in and enjoy the stadium if you are a regular baseball fan it's going to be far less enjoyable.
When Yankees fans were first told that we were going to have to say goodbye to The House that Ruth Built and hello to a shiny new stadium, we weren't quite sure what to feel.  We loved the old stadium!  Legends, memories, records, milestones...it was a living part of history.  Why would we ever want anything else?  Did we even deserve anything else?   As it turns out, yes.  Yes we do.  As fans poured into the new Yankee Stadium Friday night for the first exhibition game, I'm pretty sure I heard a collective "history schmistory!!" cry go up through the crowd.  The new stadium is fucking gorgeous.   Unlike the old YS, which was claustrophobia-inducing and dark, the new stadium is spacious and bright. The concourses are open to the field, meaning that you can stroll around, grab snacks, ogle the fancy people inside the exclusive clubs, all without missing a single pitch.  This is huge.  And speaking of snacks, they've most definitely been kicked up a notch or five with the addition of Brother Jimmy's BBQ (though stay away from the mac & cheese), Johnny Rockets, and Carl's Cheesesteaks.  But in case you're feeling like not having a heart attack, they now have a fruit cart (see pic).  Just $1.50 for a banana! I don't really see why people are complaining that the field itself looks just like the old YS--that's the point.  We get modern amenities, but still feel like we're at YS once we're watching the game.  It's genius.  There is one thing, though, that will never let you forget you're in the new stadium--the biggest hi-def Jumbotron you've ever seen.  EVER.  The picture is absolutely incredible; you can see every tiny little detail on the players' faces when they're up to bat, which is not really good news for all of them.  They've also added a smaller screen with GameDay representations of other games going on, showing who's batting and who's on base.  Fun!   The stands are fantastic.  The tiers are designed a little differently than in the old YS, and with much improvement.  Instead of the field level reaching interminally back, they've now broken it up and made a 2nd level, where we snuck down to during the 7th inning stretch.  These seats literally didn't exist in the old stadium, and they're excellent.  Just a bit higher than field level, and much further forward and closer to the field than the rear field (main reserve) or loge seats in the old YS.  In the grandstand, the pitch isn't quite so steep, which tempered my normal fear that I'd lose my balance and go tumbling down the seats like an out-of-control skier.  There's more leg room, and, perhaps the single-most important improvement in the entire stadium, there are cup holders.  Huzzah!!! I could probably go on gushing forever, but I'll stop.  I put up a bunch of pics so you can witness the gloriousness yourself, so click through!  J and I have tickets for 16 games this season, and I am so, so excited for them.  New Yankee Stadium and I are going to be life-long friends, I can just feel it.
The new Yankees Stadium is nice. It has a very open feel to it, and was never any real over congestion in any one area. Unfortunately, like all other stadiums, it is very pricey. Where I sat was nice but nothing near special. The seats really aren't that big, and my ticket was $75. Bottled beers are $9, and large cups are $11. The only draft beer they had was Heineken. Of all beers, in this country, they only have one on draft. You can do better than that Steinbrenner. Tiny hotdogs are $6 a piece, and a large cup of fries cost me $8 (smaller than small bag of popcorn). It is very easy to get to the stadium. Right off the 4 line. Overall if you have the money and are obsessed with the Yankees, by all means, head to as many games as you can. A majority of the employees are very nice people. The lady who served me my "luxury" Nathan's hotdog seemed annoyed she was working there. That old guy selling Coors Light was pretty awesome.
Well this year on June 10,2011 i celebrated our 5 year wedding anniversary and i saw that there was a Yankee game on that day so i decided to get tickets but funny thing i had just joined gold star which is website that has pretty good deals all around different city's . bingo  i saw purchase tickets New York Yankees Audi Club Seating which came with a buffet so i purchased it . wow i must say it was worth it it was about 100  per person but SO worth it . we got all dressed up since you had to be a nice attire lol and we entered the Audi club wow were we shocked . it wasn't Ur normal buffet we had sushi ,carving stations that had Turkey and roast beef,also big saladbar,lobstertails,shrimps.porklion,steak wrapped in bacon ,veal and much more . everything was free except your liquor and i must say the Audi club has awesome sangria who knew lol . hubby and i had an awesome time at the Audi club for dinner and our seats were pretty cool . we will do it again next year . my hubby said it was the best anniversary gift i had given him yet . the food was amazing ,there dessert bar was also amazing . everyone was friendly and the servers were quick to  bring you clean plates and refills on drinks . Audi club wasn't Ur normal buffet it was like a 5 star buffet it was awesome must do again
I had never been to the old Yankee stadium, but I definitely enjoyed my experience at the new stadium especially since I saw the Yankees beat the Red Sox while sitting 28 rows back from the field.  If you have money to spend I highly recommend sitting in the field level for a good clear view and waiter service.  Have you seen those lines?  Exactly. So pay the extra few dollars to have someone serve you. And all this talk about Citi field being superior to the Yankee Stadium.  Well I also went there and let me tell you, I liked the Yankee Stadium better.  It is a far more beautiful stadium with arguably the biggest flat screen I've ever seen in my life.  And once again waiter service.  I may be lazy, but I'm not stupid.  Why waste valuable time in absurd lines when someone can do it for you?
Old Yankee Stadium had a lot of memories and little else. The sightlines were good, but the concourses were packed, bathrooms overflowed, and it took a LONG time to get to your seat. New Yankee Stadium was supposed to fix that... but it came with a price. A BIG price. Much smaller than the old stadium and devoid of character, New Yankee Stadium is also more expensive by several degrees. It is clean, the sound is good, and it is a decent place to watch a ballgame, but for $1.5 Billion dollars (plus all the tax breaks and backroom deals), one would expect golden toilets and a semi-nude server at every seat. Yankee Legends are prominent around every corner, giving a modicum of lip-service to the past, but make no mistake: there was a chance to make this one for the ages and it couldn't quite live up to the promise. BEER/FOOD SELECTION: Above-average, and certainly as good as Citi Field, though like that establishment, most of the choices are on the lower level. VIEWS: Superb. Except for the bleachers, there are almost no obstructed views in the house (though the size and layout of the park make the cheap seats more expensive and further back than at the old park). SOUND: Fantastic. As good or better than any other ballpark in the country. If you're not a Yankees fan, this place won't overly impress you. If you are, then you will love it no matter what. Once again, it is not bad. But the Mets got something better for about half as much.
Plenty of people outside to help get you where you needed to go. We had great seats with a waitress coming and checking on us every inning....plus vendors. It was almost to much good service. Best part, the Rays won. So much cleaner then the old ball park we visited 11 years ago. Certainly one of the best ball parks in the country to catch a baseball game.
RED SOX SUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!! They always have and always will. Seeing the Yankees win on Old Timers Day with my dad up from Florida was priceless! Seeing ugly-ass Youkilis botch a weak ground ball for an error was EPIC even if he was thrown away by the Red Sux and now plays for Chicago. Different Sox but he is still a chump. No one does an Old Timers Day party like the Yankees. That's because they are the only team that can do it, weather it's with marginal players from the past and recent years, or the legendary players and champions of the Golden Era and current history. The Yankee Museum has new exhibits celebrating the career of Mickey Mantle, the Babe and Gehrig, George Steinbrenner, championship rings through the years, and even a retrospective of great Latino players from the past. Sorry Dead Sox fans, but your team still SUUUUUUUCKS!
The old stadium was an American classic. I loved watching the first three innings on TV over lunch at the players' club restaurant and soaking in the sun watching the subway run behind the outfield wall for the rest of the game. Look forward to seeing the new stadium!
The new Yankee Stadium.  The house that Jeter built.  The big house on the corner.  There is nothing bad to say about the home of the 27 time world champions.  This stadium rocks.  There is more fun and variety in this stadium than in times square and while you are at it, you can enjoy a game.
Let me be honest here. I love baseball and the history of the game. I have respect for tradition and well, I can be classified as a true baseball fan (read: I don't boo my own team, even when they're losing). I freely admit that I am not a Yankees fan, though, I have been to a ton of Yankees games (at the old stadium) and have many individual Yankees on my all time favorite players list (Munson, Hunter, Gehrig, Yogi, etc.) I respect life long Yankees fans and I felt their pain when the organization decided to build a new stadium while abandoning the old one. What a sad day that was. I was curious about the new stadium, so we went on Mariano Rivera night during inter-league play*. I hate to say it, but something is lacking at this new park. Certain words come to mind: sterile, grey, concrete blah-ness, and prison-like feel on a large part of the interior. When one enters the Great Hall one can look up to view huge banners of former Yankee greats, hanging from the ceiling which was cool and an excellent photo opportunity (and yes, I "ooohed" and "ahhhed" as I snapped pictures of Willie, Catfish and Tugboat). The light comes through the glass roof to illuminate everything and is a nice architectural touch. However, the extensive use of grey paint and wire mesh on the walls (obscuring the ramps and stairs to the field/seating area) remind me of a prison (Oz?) or an airline terminal. I'm not asking for a rainbow of colors, but jeesh, what a boring palette. Despite the blah-ness outside in the Hall, the view from our seats onto the field was spectacular. I guess I still get giddy when seeing a MLB field for the first time (I remember the first time I saw the field at the other Yankee Stadium for the first time. Man oh man!) . The green expanse below, the architectural elements (arches at top of stadium) replicated from the old stadium were definitely all plusses. The giant jumbotron was pretty neat too. The staff who work here and keep the floors clean and free of garbage, help lost fans locate their seats and the greeters at the entrances who wish one a good night upon leaving are also commendable. A few negatives: the bathrooms are quite disgusting. Not CBGB's or Mars Bar disgusting, but already worn out and gross. And what is up with the obstructed view seats? Are you telling me that after all that money was spent you couldn't eliminate obstructed view seats? What is this, the old Detroit Tigers stadium (Briggs Stadium)? Overall, the new stadium just seems to fall kind of flat and sadly feels a little like a generic corporate park. I would think that loyal Yankees fans deserve better. I don't know, perhaps the stadium needs a breaking in period to gain some character and maybe, just maybe all the ghosts of former players will come inhabit the new stadium and embrace it.... *A rant on that for another time.
I may be a bit partial because I'm a huge Yankee fan, but I'll try my best to give an honest review. The stadium is very nice.  It offers a large variety of different places to eat and there are TV's all over the stadium so no matter what you never miss any of the action.  Overall, the prices of the concessions are ridiculous but I think that would be the case at any stadium in the metropolitan area.  $5.00 for bottled water?  Insanity! Now, like I've already said, the stadium is great.  However, the old stadium had a  magical feeling to it.  Probably because so much history took place there.  I really wish they would have just renovated the old stadium instead of building a new one.  Perhaps those bottle waters would only cost $4.50 then...... lol. I haven't had the opportunity to go on a tour yet, but I plan on doing so real soon.
Glad that they finally have an IPA on tap, and the cheese fries are the best I've had at a stadium.
I just went to the NEW Yankee Stadium last night to see the Tampa Bay Rays impose their will on the Yankees.  That's all fine and dandy and I'm not so delusional as to think the Yankees are the juggernaut they once were.  Last night was evidence that the Yankees are nothing more than a rusty old Cadillac that doesn't really glisten anymore.   I went to the game because I wanted to see what more than $1 billion buys in the Bronx. I must admit it is impressive. However, I can't remember the last time I walked into an environment that was so completely sterile that I felt dirty.  It's like going to the doctor.  Yankee Stadium was the Bronx personified, gritty and unapologetic, it was a place that housed Bleacher Creatures.  The NEW Yankee Stadium screams "corporate."  At the old stadium the business of baseball was masked by a run down arena with charm.  Its replacement appears to cater exclusively to Wall Streeters and hedge fund managers, who ironicially enough, are financially savy enough to avoid the $2,500 seats.   Going to a game at this new monstrosity is prohibitive, what with the cost of tickets and all of the concessions.  A quick menu of items should suggest a disgusting trend: Bottle of Poland Springs water- $5 Plastic Bottle of American beer - $9 Nathan's crinkle cut french fries - $6.75 Carl's cheese steak - $10.75 I'm surprised they don't charge me to urinate in the "famed Yankee Stadium."   This wouldn't be so unbearable if management wasn't so completely unreasonably oblivious about the current environment and what they're providing.   Maybe I'm oblivious.  All I know is I will not be attending another game anytime soon.   I'm pretty sure if I ever want to see my favorite team play, it would be cheaper for me to watch them on the road.  I could probably pay for tickets,  transportation, and lodging to see them in a different city for the same price.
Keep in mind, METS FAN here..... Alright. I went to the new yankee stadium early June to catch the Yankees/Indians game. The last Yankee game I attended was DAvisd Well's perfecto in 1998. Ever since, I've been attending Mets games when I go to nyc to visit my brother. When you first walk in, and hit the escalator, take a look back and you'll be mesmerized by the banners of greatness. we sat behind home plate in the 3rd deck first row. I think that's the best seat there is is if you want picture perfect views of the entire ball park on your cell phone. Took a wander around the stadium. Lot of great places to stand and watch the game as well. The food, I ate the traditional ballpark fare, a dog and a beer. Real easy to get to the stadium as the subway is right there acorss the street. The new yankee stadium is very nice. The old yankee stadium is nostalgic. I don't think a legend was lost here.....
The Stadium has been a disappointment.  As a lifetime Yankee fan I had expected better based on the money spent.  The new Citi field is superior in almost every category except the team.  The Mets are horrible! I have attended 4 games this year at variuos locations except the suites and bleachers.  The views from most seats are better than the old stadium except for the top deck. They can use better signage to get to find your way to Memorial Park(which they closed early than advertised). The food is at best low quality fast food at very high prices.  The beer choices are limited and are cold most of the time except if you sit in a section with waitress service where it arrives warm. I do not know who wrote parking was easy.  It was easy to get in since we arrived two hours before game time.  But getting out was a hassle especially since NYPD block off most of the streets and instead of directing traffic they are talking to their buddies. If you live in the City take the subway that works very well. As a fan I will still go to the games but the place has too much concrete.
My daughter and I went to the Yankee Stadium from Manhattan via subway B, which dropped us off within a couple of blocks.  We went to see the Atlanta Braves v Yankees.  The stadium was almost full. This is a highly efficient operation.  I saw a man in front of me spill beer on the floor.  I was trying to think of a way to alert the staff without losing my place in line.  I was there less than 10 minutes when the clean up crew came out.
Didn't went in this time, but will love to go to a game someday. Not a great neighborhood around but convenient from the 6 train.
oh! hale the Yankees! the best way to get there is the metro north. why bother with the parking. i am sure there is plenty of parking, but why bother if your going to get hammered and enjoy the games. lots of restaurant a lil pricy but it is the Stadium of all Stadiums.
There are a lot of things that went into making the old Yankee Stadium so special and most of them are things no amount of money, not $1.5 billion, are going to replicate. Upon stepping off the 4 train at the standard stop, 161 and River, site of so many ghosts of history, my first view wasn't of the shiny, glittery new stadium full of amenities and gold stenciling*. It was of the old Yankee Stadium, the true Yankee Stadium, battered by time, looking like a 1940's movie character who gets dumped for the prettiest girl in the school, pulling up his coat and trudging off into the recent history of our memories. I felt sorry for this hunk of metal and concrete and dreams. Instantly I knew the new New Yorkers' Stadium** could never live up to my imagination. The concourses are wide with gigantic flat-screen, high-definition video peering out from every possible placement. The restaurants (the restaurants!) contain all types of delicious meals -- I'm sure by now you can even get a Hard Rock: Yankee Stadium t-shirt***. The "alleys" behind the upper deck seating provide ample room to walk around without running into your fellow stadium owners, though it's likely in colder climes that you'll need three windbreakers. To make it as much like the true Yankee Stadium as they could, there aren't even enough bathrooms, so on a half-full exhibition game day, I still had to wait in line. Heck, there are even cupholders. So, why three stars when it's immaculate? Mostly because it is so clean. Because there are no ghosts here. In time, the Yankees will sell off, piece by piece, all of the 80 years of formative upbringing that helped turn them into the premier American sports brand (sorry, Cowboys, Lakers and Red Sox) and one of the most recognizable symbols around the world. Mantle, Ruth, DiMaggio, Gehrig, Berra, Mattingly ... all the ghosts that made the Yankees the Yankees, the patch of grass and streaks of dirt they roamed for 80 years, are gone and left by the wayside in the name of progress. It's not progress, it's selling out your soul for more money for a team whose TV contract and licensing agreements already make them the richest team in baseball. In talking to people, mostly my age, about the new stadium they say how it's worth every dime. Maybe. It certainly is pretty. But for 1.5 billion, couldn't you have at least avoided having blocked-view seating? Couldn't you have not had 2500 calorie tubs of popcorn? Couldn't you have had signs explaining where to go into the stadium so everyone didn't line up at Gate 6? Couldn't you have not abandoned the field of MY dreams? * - Of course there's gold stenciling. I mean, why wouldn't there be? ** - I paid for it, the least they can do is name it after me. *** - I will never own one.
This was the 6th major league baseball stadium I've been to; others being Oakland, SF, Dodger stadium, Wrigley and just a few days prior to this one Citfield (home of the Mets). Honestly, don't get crazy people but I hate the Yankees. Okay there ya go. But I am a sports and baseball enthusiast in general so being the out of towner, I had to visit Yankee stadium. I just wish I would have been able to go to the old stadium where all the greats once played (Ruth, Gehrig, Maris, Mantle, Joe D, list goes on and on). Like I said I don't like the Yankees but I do respect 25 plus world series to titles. My A's only have 4 since moving to Oakland in 1967 but I digress. Anyways the stadium is pretty nice and spacious around the concession stands/bathrooms. Food was decent, though I feel Citifield wins hands down on food alone when comparing the two. Stadium alone, i'd go 4 stars but the fans in front of me were a bit obnoxious. Now i've been to plenty of rowdy games and rival games (Giants vs Dodgers, A's vs Giants etc) and this one didn't constitute that. It was the dreaded Royals vs Yankees. I had no problem with fans being passionate and New Yorkers are passionate, so props there. But I had enough 2nd hand smoke during my 6 day trip in NY and I don't need fans smoking cigarettes during the game while i'm watching. I didn't rat them out b/c that's not my style but wtf was security even for. They were smoking multiple cigarettes and that crap was being blown in my face all night yet the security guard was standing pretty close to them. WTF are they looking at! B/c of that, 3 stars.
Had a lot of fun each and every single time I attended a game here. I usually always watched the Yankees play a game very very early in the season when tickets are usually $25 and you can walk anywhere in the stadium to see the game being played. The Bronx is the Bronx so the area can be ghetto at times, nothing too scary however. Games are always a blast and the crowd makes the time even better with the great home spirit vibes being given off all around. Food is pricey here as usual for a baseball park in NYC, nothing new there. Public transit gets you here easily and most times the trains (4,5,6) are just fine. This is the new stadium. It is kind of amazing to think that they would actually have the balls to replace a stadium with so much history and just rebuild right across the street. Well, they did have the balls, and pulled it off pretty well I must say because I was not dissapointed and I am pretty critical whenever something is rehacked/rebuilt/redone/rebooted.
Until this year, I was just a casual baseball fan. Sure, I'd go to a game or two a year, but only if a friend had an extra ticket. This year, that's all changed. I should preface this by saying I'm a Milwaukee Brewers fan, and Miller Park is an amazing stadium (seriously amazing, only stadium in the MLB that has tailgating). That being said, when I got off the D train and saw Yankee Stadium for the first time, I was in awe. Seriously, people, it's the Yankees. One of the most celebrated and historic teams in baseball. We had amazing seats. Section 412 in the grandstand, front row, aisle seats. Now I suppose I should be focusing more on the venue than the game, but it was an amazing game, so it definitely deserves a mention. Now, it was 2-1 Orioles all the way up to the bottom of the ninth. What did the Yankees do? Small ball. Sure, it's not as exciting as one home run after another, but you know what? I love small ball. I loved watching them load the bases, one by one, and sure enough, in the bottom of the ninth, they scored one for the tie, and one for the win. Final score, 3-2. Sure, a grand slam would have been exciting, but a win is a win, and they played it smart. I'm pretty sure I cheered louder and harder than I ever had at a game before (and it's not even my home team). Anyway, enough about the game, Yelp is about the venues. Concessions on the Grandstand weren't as diverse as the selections available on the main level, but you know what? The prices weren't as high as I would have expected. I know stadium prices are higher than you would usually pay, so I was expecting NYY Stadium prices to be astronomical. But you know what? They really weren't any more than I would pay back home. And you get a lot for your money. My hot dog and fries lasted me at least an inning or two, and I loved that they gave you a lobster fork for eating your cheese fries. Although, I didn't love that all the concessions stands had calories listed for all your snacks and drinks. Who's counting calories at a ball game? Relax, and enjoy the game! Yankee Stadium, what really seals the deal for your five-star review, how quick and easy it was to get out after the end of the game. Now, I'm no longer the fair-weather fan who leaves at the seventh inning stretch if my team is losing so I can beat the crowds. I stay until the last out, always. However, I had never seen a stadium clear out so quickly and easily! I felt like we were back on the D train in no time at all. Yankee Stadium, you will hold a special place in my heart, as the third stadium I've ever been to after Miller Park and Wrigley Field, but probably one of the most memorable baseball games that I've ever been.
Yankee stadium is awesome. $18 for a margarita with only 2oz of liquor is lame. The staff is great though, thought I lost my sweater and they all tried to help me find it.
Mike Francesca was right when he said this stadium isn't a stadium, its a cathedral. You feel that aura once you walk in the great hall. Although there is so much history shown while you walk to your seats, you feel a sense of coldness. This stadium is not fan friendly which i love, you come to the game to watch the game not play xbox like they have in Philly or how fast you run in Milwaukee, the main objective here is to root for the Yankees. Monument park is amazing, but having it closed during the game is aggravating. Why would you go to a game an hour or two early just to see it? However, the Yankee museum is open throughout the game and is magnificent. The ball rack is stupid though, I don't care to see signatures of players or personnel who were non contributors to the organization. The garlic fries are great and its the only thing i would get because the food is extremely expensive, so i would agree with the Yelper below me and suggest to go to Arthur ave before and take a cab to the stadium. The jumbo screen is the second largest in sports (cowboys is first) and is helpful for fans to see. Overall, I rank this high because I am biased, but I would understand others who would rank it low.
LET'S GO LIVING IN THE PAST!!!! This rating has nothing to do with my distaste for the Yankees organization.  It is because this stadium is just crap. Maybe I was expecting more because I mean come on, it's the Yankees for crying out loud.  I can guess how an old man set in his ways probably couldn't let go of the old stadium (which I've also been to) and wanted the new stadium to look almost identical, Steinbrenner may he rest in peace.  But Mr. Steinbrenner, this stadium is crap. The stadium just lacks any kind of personality.  It has a section you can walk down (blocked from any view of the game) where they have banners of the players, it's bright and open, but that's the only interesting section of the park. The whole stadium is just living in the past.  Horrible attempt at making the new stadium look like the old one.  Playing clips of Jay-Z singing Empire State from 2009. OH. And how is it that the YANKEEEESSS can't find a live human being to sing the NATIONAL ANTHEM???  I haven't heard a generic recording played at the beginning of the game since uh... uh... ???? There is such a thing as a "bad seat in the house" and it's like this mixture of old vs. new... you can't really see the field from the concourse.  And speaking of the concourse, the hallways are TINY.  Not very thought out to accommodate masses of people.  I got a hot dog and the bun was as hard as a rock (is it supposed to be like that??)  The food is overpriced which is expected however it was more so than any other baseball stadium I've been to.   Just no thanks.  I'd rather go back to the old stadium which at least had history and character and not just some lack luster money grubbing hole in the ground.
The Yankees in my book are known for 3-things. Class, tradition, and $.  Well, they got 'em both right when it came to Yankee Stadium.  When you walk thru the gates, you can totally feel all the people that might have walked thru (okay, maybe not, since it was just rebuilt, and the old Yankee stadium being across the street... but the concept still works).   Then, as you continue on your journey to your seat, you come to notice that a.) it takes forever, because the the stadium is so huge, and 2.) they have classy good food.  Granted they have the original hot dog, soda and beer, but who would've thought they come with Noodles and Sushi? Thank you Hank Steinbrener!
I've been to the Original House that Ruth Built and now had to see the new house. I agree with others that the stadium basically looks like the old stadium but with updated technology, luxury boxes, and wider concourses.  I'm glad it kept the historic look as this is the Yankees, and the fans are classic baseball fans so it fits.  I got to the game early to try and see the Monument Park, but was disappointed to hear that they close access 45 minutes before game time and do NOT open it back up even after the game (bummer).  However, they have a Yankees Museum on the second level which is great... it has World Series Trophies from various years as well as World Series Rings from different years to drool over.  Nice tribute cases to Mantle, Ruth, and Steinbrenner, as well as some others.  Definitely worth checking out.  I like the walk-ability of this stadium in that they allow everyone to walk all around the bottom level to check out different viewing angles of the game.  And while strolling you can view all of the different food options along the way.  They had some butcher shop looking place called Lobels that was serving steak sandwiches that looked very popular judging by the massive line.  They serve Nathans Hot Dogs at some stands (disappointing - not really impressed) and several grills serving up Premio sausages (better), and Carls Cheesesteaks, and some BBQ pork.  Lots of options and lines weren't too bad.  Crowd was good and in a good mood due to the home team coming from behind to win.  Gotta love Frank singing "New York New York" sending you on your merry way to the Subway....
If you think this place is great then you've only been to this ballpark. Here's another shrine to mediocrity courtesy of HOK architects. Pete Rose once said Boston is the "city of losers," but holy crap, that was long before he ever got to see this $1B dump.  The shame of it is, this is New York City, for $1B you should have the best ballpark ever.  Heck, PNC Park, Camden Yards, Jacob's Field, Miller Park, all outshine this place. Very well, where do I begin. *Security and ushers and typical NYer douchebags. *The fan experience is sterile at best. *Expensive--it brings me no greater joy than to see the seats behind home plate EMPTY on TV. *Restaurants in and around the ballpark blow
Got a chance to go to my first game at the new stadium last year, and boy they did a fantastic job!  It feels more than just a stadium, it feels like a Yankee museum as well.  Such a modern feel yet you can taste old Yankee history in the air.  The staff is extremely courteous and friendly, and despite the pricing, everything is top-notch.   Whether or not you're a Yankee fan (and I am damn proud to be one), a trip out to the new Yankee Stadium is well worth it.
What an absolutely amazing stadium. This is what $1 billion will get you, one of the finest ball parks in the country. My thing is to try to visit every baseball park in the cities that I go to on business trips and Yankees Stadium is by far my favorite park I have visited so far. I went with a friend that lives in NYC (her first time also) and we sat up in the upper deck directly behind home plate. The view was amazing even though we were high up. The rest of the stadium adds to the amazingness with the variety of food, the bars, just the architecture of the stadium in general and the Hall of Fame Museum. This was so cool to walk through. You see jerseys of greats like Mickey Mantle, Babe Ruth, etc along with autographed balls and my favorite part was the bat that hit the first home run in old Yankees Stadium. I couldn't have felt any more American than I did that night at that stadium in the Bronx eating a hot dog, drinking a beer and watching America's greatest pastime.
Same great team and stadium. I got some super nosebleed seats today (second to last row) from my friend who couldn't make the game. Although we were really high up, the view was still amazing. I brought my compact binoculars to the game for the first time and it was pretty cool. I got to scope out various parts of the stadium and the crowd. I saw Michael Kay and Paul O'Neil commentating the game. The price for food and beverages are always ridiculous. $11 for a souvenir cup of beer. $5 for a regular size soda, $6 for small Bud Light draft. The worse part is when my brother knocked over his cup of soda the moment we sat down. That feeling sucks so bad because there's no way in hell I'm gonna buy another $5 dollar Pepsi in the same day. They didn't even have any covers for the cups.... The commute to Yankee Stadium from Queens sucks... Transferring at 59th and Lex for the uptown express 4 train is miserable. That station is hot as hell and it stinks of mold, dirt, sweat, armpits and ass. As for the Yankees, get yourself cheap seats. There is no reason to get expensive seats at a ballpark unless someone hooks you up with free tickets. You can talk about the awesome views all you want, the fact is watching sports on a HDTV in the comfort of your own home or at a bar is the best. As much as I love the Yankees, I would not splurge on good seats anymore. It's just not worth it.
Experience: To watch a Yankees game is a great experience.  The best fan base there is.  Fun to watch the bleacher creatures do roll call in the 1st inning.   Food: This is why my review is 3 out 5 stars.  Overpriced sub-par bar food.   I will stick with the overpriced bag of peanuts and couple overpriced beers.  Good to go. (I do not like the Mets, but they have better food at their stadium).
As a life long Yankee fan, the new stadium is good for a viewer experience. No matter where you are it is a comfortable seating and you have a good view. You always feel like you're a part of the game. I have sat in almost every spot in the new stadium now, right behind the plate, the bleachers, upper deck in the outfield, you name it. Everywhere I've sat I've had a good time. The only cons about the stadium are the prices and the lack of energy in the park. The prices are a bit high but can be dealt with, what bothers me more is the energy. It was shown a lot in the 2012 playoffs. Even during playoff games the stadium was almost lackadaisical; Camden Yards set records for crowd noise in the same series. Granted, it was the Orioles' first playoff game since 1997, but still Yankee Stadium completely paled in comparison to Camden Yards. That can be fixed though, there just needs to be more passion from fans come September and October. All in all, the stadium is amazing and a great place to watch a game.
Despite romanticizing the moment all summer (and in fact, since leaving the country in late 2007), I wasn't looking forward to my first trek to the new Stadium. Work was a drag, and the sporadic bouts of rain and threat of thunder foreshadowed a soppy and unpleasant Friday evening. It was a reluctant train ride uptown. When I arrived at the stadium, I saw that security was mandating one bag per person. I had, in addition to my purse, my gym clothes tucked into a floppy Yelp tote - so I did the reflexive thing when these kinds of rules are  enforced, and plopped my handbag into the tote. Unfortunately, my subversion did not go unnoticed, as the guard flatly accused me of 'undermining the point of the rule' (I couldn't roll my eyes further back into my head), and suggested that I either check my bag, or discard it. I grudgingly shoved my gym clothes into my purse, and left the Yelp tote (!!) in a growing pile of discarded goods. I was pretty sour-faced as I passed security, but then - the sudden brightness of green grass and blue stadium that came into view when I entered - and an involuntary smile crawled across my face. It was a good game, too. I've been back twice since (most recently grueling Game 2 of the ALCS) to watch my archetypal heroes-in-pinstripes play (there's Derek, the Hero; Tex, the Prom King, A-Rod, the Arrogant Prince; the Humble Mercenary Matsui - I could go on-) And now, having closed shop for the winter at the top of the world, the immaculate record of the immaculate, gilt new Yankee Stadium gloats at all you doubters. Stop fronting like you don't want to align yourselves with rich, powerful winners, and start booking next season's tickets, already!
I love the Yankees, so I'll always come to Yankee Stadium to watch the best team in the world. My favorite team! But to me the food is average, or could be better.. and they could have more fan friendly aspects to it. Seems like a modern addition of the old stadium. Added the food court, elevators, and easier exits/entrances, but didn't really expand beyond that. There's no fan interaction, fan fest kinda activities as compared to a Citi Field.
I understand why people miss the old stadium. It had a ton of history. Whether you love the Yankees, hate the Yankees, or are just completely indifferent about the Yankees this is a fact that is hard to dispute. Having said that the old Yankees Stadium was kinda a dump. Concessions were horrible, the building was falling apart, and walking around in the awkward blue hallways was just depressing. So years back when I found out they would be building a new stadium and knocking down the old one I was thrilled. Of course a piece of me was sad that we would lose that history, but a bigger part of me had been mad all these years that teams like the Mariners and Orioles have palaces and we have a shack. The new stadium does not disappoint. I just attended my second game there since it opened and it is absolutely amazing. As soon as they scan your ticket you walk into this huge hallway with vaulted ceilings which is absolutely amazing. The whole area is very spacious and the complete opposite of the old stadium. On the walls are banners of all the great Yankees. Concessions are much better in the new stadium and lines are not as nearly as bad. They also have much more food options although the only thing you should eat at a baseball game is hot dogs, sausage, pretzels, and peanuts. I'm a huge fan of sushi, but a baseball stadium is neither the time or the place. The one thing I loved about the old stadium was the field and if your looking a the new field it is hard to tell anything has changed other then monument park. Exact same dimensions, similar lay out and since it just moved across the street even the view is very much the same. I'm very happy they kept this so similar. One of my favorite things about the new stadium is the museum. Trust me I am by no means the museum type of guy, but if your a true Yankees fan you need to stop in. They have a wall of balls signed by almost every person ever to wear Yankees pinstripes. They have World Series trophies. They have Thurman Munson's lockers. It is an absolutely amazing experience. Now you are probably asking yourself after this rave review why does it only get 3 stars. There are 2 reasons that is gets only 3 stars and those are price and location. Everything about Yankees Stadium is overprice. From the actual tickets to parking to the food. Even if you do get cheap tickets to the game it's hard to leave without spending $100. Now the location. It is absolutely awful. In Boston people go to the sports bars around the stadium just to hang out. In the Bronx people can't wait to get out of here when the game is over. I wish they would clean up this neighborhood so you could enjoy your visits to the stadium more.
Do I even need to say how amazing this stadium is? Roomy, tons of concessions, clean, and the line for the women's room moved at record speed. Huh?  Am I at Yankee Stadium?   My man is a die-hard, born and raised in the Bronx Yankee fan.  He likes the new stadium but he misses the old stadium. Funny how he wasn't commenting about missing it while enjoying all of the new food and drink options.  Just sayin'.  The sushi caught my eye, but he caught my eye with a look of "don't even think about it...this is Yankee Stadium...you're getting a cheese steak, beyotch".  Conversing without words is magical, isn't it? Bring a lot of cash!
Too bad I live in Queens but the commute to Yankee stadium is fully worth it. The seats are comfortable, the field is fully and comfortably visible from any part of the stadium.  Definitely want to go back and enjoy the game from the bleacher creature section. I also didnt have a chance to visit the in-house museum as I arrived late to the game.  Thanks in part, to idiot tourists who cant work a metrocard machine.
Awesome love watching the yanks play
I have been thinking about this review for a while now. It pains me to give this iconic stadium three stars. The name is iconic "Yankee Stadium", but this actual facility or stadium is not. "New Yankee Stadium" as I call it, is one massive food court that happens to have a baseball game. This does not make a stadium iconic, it just makes it a cash cow. Now I am all for the comforts life has to offer, but do you need every square inch offering brand name sausage, fries, beef, hot dogs, beer, etc. Do you need over priced restaurants with hit or miss food. Do you need the official this or that product from the Yankees or their sponsors. All must have items to be a true Yankee fan. On my last visit with my wife, before we reached our seats, we had a couple of beers at The Hard Rock, a beef sandwich at a food stand, garlic fries, one more beer and a spicy sausage. Oh, by the way the Yankees were playing. Now this was over the course of 90 plus pre game minutes, but it seem that we spent more time eating and drinking than watching the game. I must say the customer rep's there are AWESOME. Very helpful and they know what they are talking about. I think this job may be a "page position" like they have at NBC. The good ones get promoted to entry level jobs with the Yankees. One of the unique feature that set apart The Original Stadium from New Yankee Stadium is Monument Park. At the original Park, you were able to see the Monuments from your seat. It was part of the playing field in center field. Around 463 to 457 feet from home plate. Now it is behind a fence with this cheesy net overhead to prevent fly balls from hitting fans on the head as they visit The Monuments before the game. You think they would be able to make it look more attractive or something with the 1.1 billion dollars spent. The Monuments should be visible from anywhere and part of the playing field. This was a unique feature from The Original Stadium with lots of tradition. Tradition is The Yankees. I am a Yankee fan from the Horace Clark days. The history that the Original Stadium had is just not there with the new building. While I feel some energy and excitement in the building they have not been able to capture the real energy and excitement of The Original Stadium. It just falls short. Fans seem to be somewhere else participating in something other than watching and supporting a game. Just watch some of the Euro 2012 Soccer games. Stadiums were packed with fan support. Many sections in New Yankee Stadium are half empty even though large crowds are recorded. Season ticket holders who "no show" are part of this number. Overall, making it bigger is not making it better. When you ask baseball fans which iconic Baseball Stadium would you want to visit; they say Wrigley Field, Fenway Park, Dodger Stadium and Yankee Stadium. They say Yankee Stadium, but they really mean "The Original Yankee Stadium"; "The House that Ruth Built", not "The House of Corporate Cash in The Bronx".
It's the Yankees, how could you not give this place 5 stars? I'm a Yankees fan by birth, this place is my second home. The food is decent and the lines get long during the 5- 6th inning stretch. Besides that, going to a Yankees game is a great way to relax, spend some quality time with friends/family, and root for an amazing team. I took a dear friend of mine to his first ever Yankees game. He definitely enjoyed himself and had quite a blast. As a New Yorker, going to a Yankees game is definitely a must, at least once in your life.
I went to new Yankee Stadium last July and I went to the old one last year, it's a great new stadium just like every other MLB stadium that's been built in the past 10 years but I still like AT&T Park, the Oakland Coliseum and Dodger Stadium much more, I even like Citi Field more, I guess that's just the California in me and the fact I'm a A's and a Dodgers fan, Steinbrenner did a great job getting this place built, the HD scoreboard is awesome, there's stadium employees around the ballpark that hold up signs asking if you need help which is very helpful, the concessions are expensive but every single MLB stadium's concessions are expensive so what do you expect?, for Yankee Stadium's concessions to be cheap?, what really makes me mad is how it's impossible to get to see Monument Park before a game unless you get there a few hours before game time or if you do a stadium tour because I tried to see it once at the old Yankee Stadium and once when I came here last July before games and it was already closed by the time I tried to see it which really pissed me off. The game I went to last July was the friday night game when the A's we're in town and I sat in the RF bleachers in section 202, the fans aren't too bad, you may get some comments thrown at you if you come to Yankee Stadium wearing another team's colors but it's nothing dangerous and it was fun coming to "The House that Jeter built" and I will come back again in the future!.
The spacious seats and easy access to Budweiser tallboys and sugary frozen cocktails help make it easier for those with violent tendencies and a elevated levels of douchebag in their blood start fights with those who do not bleed white and blue.
My very first baseball game watching experience and that too at the New Yankee Stadium. Now we are talking :) The stadium is huge and so brilliantly managed! My husband got a brilliant deal for the seats for white sox and Yankee's game (Yankees lost though) and it was his twin cousin's birthday present too. Watched the game and didn't find it a lot different from cricket back home. We were even lucky to see quite a few home runs and two rows behind us they even caught the game ball. It was a thrill except the odd $100 spent on the merchandise and food and drinks. We might go back in case we have a deal on the tix again.
I am and will always be a fan of the Yankees! I love them, but this stadium is subpar. It doesn't help that it's located in a really crowded and traffic heavy location. It's near bridges, highways, bronx courts, and a mall/ shopping center is close by. The area around the stadium is urban and not residential, so you already have tons of buildings and a sizable population from residents alone. During games, this area is PACKED! It gets really hectic and crazy because there is so many people. The new stadium is also not the best in its design. It's not as great as citifield, where even if you are in the nosebleed section you have an amazing view of the field, there is a section where the view is partially obstructed in this new stadium. The new one is better than the old stadium, but it's hard to accomodate yankee fans, residents, and general pedestrians around this area during the season. The streets overflow with people, at least citifield is located in an isolated area, so there's more space to roam around.
