Used a Living Social voucher for a 2-hour paint session and BYOB. Couldn't have had a better time!  The employees were accommodating and very helpful the entire time. Maggie was awesome! We painted Tequila Sunrise and out of my group of 4, they all came out well. It had me impressed with my own painting skills...and I am no artist! Definitely a great girls night or date night. It's fun, BYOB, and a great way to spend an evening out.
My friend and I had such a great time here last weekend.  We were part of a large group that painted Van Gogh's "Starry Night".  The class was packed, studio organized, and working space prepared.  The teacher was also very clear in her directions, and spent the time walking around providing feedback and assistance.  They played some pretty cool music, too, and the other students were enjoying as well. I definitely recommend taking a class here, especially with a friend!  They have lots of time slots to choose from as well as different art pieces. The only downside is parking.  Most of the street parking requires a resident permit.  I know there is a lot in the back, but I'm not sure if it's free or if you have to pay.
I love this concept and how can you go wrong with alcohol and art? My friends and I have been here twice now. One for the Van Gogh, starry night and last Saturday's was Monet, Water Lilies. Both times were very fun and LOVE that you get to bring home your masterpiece! Pros: they have a lot of different kinds of painting (from easy to difficult) to choose from on the calendar of the website. Cons: The technical paintings might need more time than just 3 hours. If I were to go back again (which I def. will), I will have to pick something a little easier to do. Both of these paintings were very technical and if you are not fully paying attention to the instructions you could miss a lot and might feel rushed. This is what I felt at the Water Lillies class. To be fair, it's a very complicated process and the instructor really has to talk over loud uninhibited chattering in the background and instruct unexperienced painters like me to how to approach the different sections. But overall, this is a great concept. I love that I have a painting (good or bad) to show for at the end. It's great and unconventional way to spend a Saturday night.
I purchased a LivingSocial deal to do a 2 hour painting here. I have to say that ArteVino is very very accommodating with reserving spaces. Even though their website said an event was full, they were able to open up a spot last minute for a friend. They are very prompt in replying e-mails! They made the whole process so easy! I came on a Thursday night with 3 other friends to paint Tequila Sunrise. Maggie was super nice, helpful, and friendly. She gave excellent directions, and she was always on top of providing us with more paint. I love these events, and I absolutely love that ArteVino is a studio mainly for painting. It's not a bar that hosts paint night. I would highly recommend ArteVino for a casual, fun night! BYOB, relax, have fun, and paint! :)
My friend and I have been wanting to try this for awhile and finally went this weekend. We did a Sunday late morning class with Chris and bagels and OJ were provided (we spiked ours with champagne thanks to the BYOB policy) I was nervous at first because neither of us are particularly artistic, but it ended up being a lot of fun and easy to follow. Chris walked us through each step of the painting and offered some really good tips. Everyone's painting came out slightly different of course, but they all looked so good! We had a great time and will definitely be back!
I got this as a groupon for my sister and I and we were finally able to go 6 months later.  My sister is the creative one and I am not at all so I was a little worried my painting would come out horrendous, especially since we picked a Van Gogh.  The place was tough to find, it's in this huge unmarked building in the outskirts of Hoboken.  The room was huge and there were plenty of paintbrushes to use.  I have to say the experience was great, I love that it's BYOB.  Our instructor was very good and helpful even with the large group of 30 in the room.  She walked around and have each person 1 on 1 time throughout the night.  I ended up having a painting that I was able to hang in my room without fear of embarrassment!  It was definitely a lot of fun and not too bad price wise with the groupon.  I definitely plan on going again with friends!  This is great for a date, girls night or event.
What a great space to be creative!! I had no idea I had Monet skills inside of me, but with the help of ArteVino Studios they all came out. Great place to kick back and enjoy some quality time with friends over a glass (or bottle) of wine and a blank canvas. The artists here are really great at explaining the painting process to you with from strokes from start to finish along with step by step instructions to creating a masterpiece that you can call your own. The pictures that they have are beautiful and breathtaking and the fact that I can create my own version of it is really cool to me. When I came home with my painting by mom asked me how much I paid for it, thinking I had purchased it and not painted it myself. I was flattered, and convinced if I can do it anyone can. If you get the chance to experience a wine and painting event DO IT you will not be disappointed.
This place isn't easy to find. There's no obvious signage outside, and you have to go through a warehouse maze to get to the studio. Call ahead for directions. I came here for a Yelp Elite event, and it was a ton of fun. I went to a similar event in Montclair at Pinot's Pallet, so I'll be drawing some comparisons since they're the same kind of business. The good stuff: - lots of space - good music - high capacity for groups - BYOB The bad stuff: - the instructor we had was good, but I felt he could have been more descriptive - instructor needed a headset, people kept asking him to repeat himself - location/signage The owner was super friendly and the instructors were there to refill your paints when needed, but they didn't offer a ton of help, painting-wise. Some people seemed to want some input on their artistic expression. All-in-all, the experience, once I found the place, was good.
Eclectic fun!  You don't have to have ANY artistic ability to enjoy this; and if you do, you can enjoy it all the same.  Not a bad idea for a date, by the way.  You start by tracing an outline to create a sketch of your future painting.  Then the instructor (Maggie in my case) guides you step by step until your chedeuvre is complete. The whole process took 2.5 hours.  About 20 minutes in, I entered a Zen-like trance and did not come out until the art piece was finished.  I wish they would take an MRI of my brain as I zoned out, because I was either in samadhi or teleported into another universe - I admit, it could have been the wine that I brought with me.  They allow, and most people take advantage, to BYOB and consume while composing. There are usually snacks around, such as free bagels and orange juice - so if you're hungry, you may partake.  It was not at all expensive ~$20, and I really enjoyed it.
I've been to ArteVino twice now, and I'm definitely a fan! The place is spacious, and there are plenty of supplies for all.  One thing I'd say is that they do run a lot of specials, so follow them on FB or check their calendar to see what is "on sale."  (Unless you are an awesome artist, in which case your painting might be more worth full price than mine would be!).   I think that things did get a little rushed both times I was there, so the sessions could be a little longer, maybe 30 min. (I wasn't the only one who was behind). Something I'd love to see would be to have the studio offer complementary paintings for families/roommates/couples to paint together.  (For example, this studio in CT has "couples and BFFs" sessions: rezclick.com/artwtwist/i….)  This way, people who live together could make non-identical paintings.  I'd love to go to ArteVino with the BF and each make something that is part of a pair!
I've been to two classes so far and have had a very different yet wonderful experience at both. The studio is spacious and can accommodate all group sizes. All supplies are included and the fact that its BYOB is incredible. My first class I had gotten a groupon for my mom and I to go. She loved it! We didn't know what to expect especially since we are not exactly artists but the instructors give great direction and you really feel like you're creating your own real piece of art. I had such a good time the first time around I invited some friends for the next  class. It was a great girls night. This really is the perfect outing for any type of night out- date, girls night, corporate, mother daughter date. Such a cool idea and reasonably priced. Highly recommend.
We had so much fun! If you love to paint or just wanna do something different this was great! I would absolutely recommend it to everyone!
My BF and I recently used a Groupon here and had a great time! Class size was big enough to make you feel less awkward about your abilities (or lack thereof), but small enough where you could get help from the instructors if you needed it. Well my piece did not come out looking like a professional, I have to say I did pretty well.  Can't wait to make our friends pick which of our two paintings reigns supreme (but I'm pretty sure it's mine).
My husband and I decided to do this as a "date night" on a rainy Thursday.   Gentlemen, be warned - this is a girl's night activity apparently.  We thought that this would be a popular activity for couples, but my husband was the only man in the entire room.  Maybe this was a fluke...I don't know. We had a great time. The studio is very nice - it's clean and spacious and bright, and they provide everything you need to complete a painting in a super chill, laid back atmosphere.  You can bring your own wine, they have what I call "Beach Lounge Music" playing in the background, and there's plenty of time for socializing as well. A great girls night or date idea - we would definitely go again. PS - Their website says they have 40% off for the entire month of August
This studio is in a big warehouse.. Make sure you go to the 3rd floor and make a right. Its a little scary walking through, but it's completely safe. I loved this painting experience. BYOB and you have a teacher walk you through how to paint a scene. The teacher was very friendly. It was such a fun, relaxing experience and you have a piece of art by the end! I will definitely be here again!
I had a great time!!!! I registered online which was quick. They even had a discount coupon online. The studio is on the second level of a warehouse building in a cool section of Hoboken. There wasn't a sign so finding the studio is a little tricky. I followed someone coming in. There is a wine store next to the entrance to get yourself a bottle of wine and some varieties  of cheeses. All tools needed is already set up. There is step by step instructions for the canvas that is going to be painted. Music plays while you paint. Two people walked around helping or assisting painting or drawing. The three hours went quick! It takes that long to paint the canvas. The two employees helped clean up and gave me a bag for my beautiful canvas.
What an awesome experience! I purchased a groupon for a 2-hour BYOB painting class for the same day. I ended up paying $15 extra because they had a 3 hour class the night I went for Monet's Waterlilies. I knew places like this get booked pretty fast so I was fortunate enough to get myself and couple of friends signed up on their website an hour before the class. We were about 20 minutes late but turned out it wasn't a biggie. It was my very first painting experience so it was a tiny bit stressful but overall it was a very casual, relaxed, and fun environment.  Our awesome instructor guided us step by step but he let us do pretty much whatever we wanted. The place was a little bit hard to find. It's located on the third floor of an unnamed, sketchy-like building in Hoboken, but the actual room is big enough to accomodate about 40 people. They provided us with everything, even cups and wine bottle openers for our drinks. I would definitely come back to try other paintings. Highly recommended!
So much fun!!  My girlfriend and I loved this night out called BYOB paint night.  Such a great idea.  We sipped wine while an instructor guided us through a beautiful painting.  I am definitely not an artist, but I sure felt like one at ArteVino.  And you get to take your canvas creation home!  I will definitely go back soon...  Thanks, ArteVino for a great birthday night out!
So much fun!! Great for a date night or with a group of friends. It really doesn't matter if you have any artistic skill at all - the painting on the night I went was one of the more complicated ones, but everyone in the class had a great finished product by the end. The only downside is that it's a bit pricey normally, but I did it with the August discount code and it was reasonable. I think they do Groupons occasionally too. Will definitely go again!
I chose to take my dad and mom here for my dad's birthday since he enjoys painting so much. The place did not disappoint. Our instructor, Carmine, did such a great job at teaching us. He has a lot of patience and has great customer service. I am actually thinking of having my bridal shower here because we enjoyed it so much and believe that my friends will too.
Had an amazing time! Only downside I can think of is that the instructions were a bit vague at first so some of us went ahead not knowing we were working at it part by part. He gave us directions and then we thought we were on our own from there. Painting still  came out fine and I had a lot of fun. Will definitely come again.
So awesome!! Went for a class last night and it was definitely 2 hours well spent. Nice little setup with free parking & BYOB. They set it up fairly easy so that even beginners can enjoy and leave with a beautiful finished product. Instructor was very sweet and helpful. Only downside is it is slightly expensive--I paid $30 with a discount (normally they are about $40-50 I believe) but considering they supply everything except the wine I guess it's not too bad. Definitely going back!
Had a private event there for my birthday and it was great, everyone was so helpful especially Paolo, helping me organize everything! Everyone that came had a great time we really enjoyed ourselves. We are even planning another paint and wine night in the near future!
I came here for my first Yelp event and I am glad I did. For one, this is a great alternative to every other basic activity to do on a date or with friends (i.e.; clubbing, bar hopping, bed hopping, you get my gist) It is a cool spot to be creative, drink some wine and catch up with friends. Warning: you have to put down your phone and INTERACT with REAL LIVE PEOPLE to get the best experience in this place. If you can get past that one downside, then you will love this place. The artists were very detailed and patient with everyone's lack of talent and still made you feel like you created a Monet. The place is spacious and there is tons of art work hanging up. There is tons of supplies around for everyone and a little shopping corner to purchase little odds and ends. The best part of this place: BYOB!!! Painting and getting your buzz on?? sign me up!! My own complaint is how hard it was to find the place. They don't have a sign or anything to let you know that you have arrived at your destination. All in all, I had a great experience here and will definitely go again.
Really great place. Instructors are patient. In my opinion, better than the other "paint and wine" places. I've been to numerous ones: Paint-Along in NYC, the Painting Lounge in NYC, and this one, and my favorite one is this one. One thing I noticed when I was here is that some of the people felt that the pace was fast, but this depends on the difficulty of the painting. If it's a simple sunset, the people attending probably won't feel as if the class is going that fast. But if it's Van Gogh's Sunflowers, people going will probably feel left behind. THIS IS AT EVERY PLACE. So an important piece of advice I would give to you is just to choose your painting wisely, and of course choose a painting that you like! Much of the reason why I like this painting place above the others really is because of the instructors. At some of the other places, the instructors lose patience, or talk to you like your little children, but not at this place.
I tried ArteVino for the first time as an elite for a yelp event, and I definitely picked the right one! I was not disappointed at all. Yes the studio may be difficult to find but I am someone that has frequently visited the Monroe Center numerous times before. And I am happy for the new addition that ArteVino provides. The experience couldn't have gone better Steph is always a great host and makes everyone feel comfortable and welcome, as well as our two instructors. They were very attentive and informative, if you have any questions at all don't hesitate to ask. What I love most is they don't make you feel as though you need to have an artistic background to be capable to participate, as an artist myself I frown upon others that  put people down in that type of way. And they encourage creativity...a MAJOR PLUS!!! The step by step instruction was very clear and understanding so trust me anyone can get it. But most of all they made the experience extremely FUN and that's what art really is about. I highly recommend this experience you won't be disappointed. By the way BYOB bring beers or wine!!!
I went there on a Friday night for a 7-9 PM painting class. I have to admit, the place exceeded expectations.  The instructor was incredibly nice and helpful,  and we came away with some really nice paintings.  The only downside was that the instructor had no control over the room. Half the time you couldn't hear him because an obnoxious group of girls were drunk and loud, and he never tried to get them to quiet down. Obviously being a Friday night at a BYO place this can be expected,  but the instructor needs to do a better job of managing the classes.
Fantistic Find!   Went there for a girls night and had a blast. The art studio was neat and colorful!  The art teacher was fun and supportive of our less than stellar brush strokes but it was more about the experience than becoming an expert painter.   Ambiance, music, and mood was more than we could ask for a girls night!  It was also byob which made it more amazing!   I highly recommend booking their next available painting class!  So much fun!
ArteVino was amazing! My friend took me for my birthday and it was the best experience, I will definitely go again. Our instructor Carmine was great, really helpful and encouraging of all our art. Fun for groups or a date night. Five Stars for sure!!
ArteVino is awesome! I hosted my best friend's bachelorette party at ArteVino and they were more than accommodating! We were able to bring in wine and snacks. The instructor was more than helpful and gave us 1:1 attention. We were able to order a nude model to surprise the bachelorette and it was a huge success! It was entertaining and we learned a lot of painting skills! I would definitely recommend working with ArteVino studio and Jakop-- they were all so helpful and made the day easy and stress-free! Will definitely be back for a painting class and host another event here! Thanks ArteVino!!
Great atmosphere and instructors. Highly recommend!
I signed up for a Friday night class with a group of 7 girls and we definitely had a great girls night. The location is a little odd.. we had trouble finding the entrance and one of my friends even had to go up an odd back staircase.  The building was old and felt abandoned and the elevator took FOREVER to arrive.  After walking down a boarded up hallway we finally reached the room. Once inside the experience was completely different.  The room was set up nicely with a few rows of stations and examples of artwork on the walls.  We were able to sit mostly together and see each other's paintings while we drank too much wine (BYOB) and goofed off.  The instructor was helpful telling us what colors to use and how to mix to get the colors to match the example. I would recommend this to anyone looking to relax with friends and paint, but not take it too seriously.
This was such a great experience.  This is the third painting night I did this summer, all with groupons.  2 of them were in NYC at bars, so the downside of the Hoboken studio is you have to bring your own drinks, with is also a positive.  There was a lot more room at the warehouse in Hoboken to paint, you didn't feel like you were squished and it was very clean. I painted Starry Night and at first I was feeling overwhelmed I didn't know how I was going to paint it.  When you walked in there was a paper over the board so we could trace the outlines of a lot of the main shapes, so it was a little more manageable.  Then it was up to you what colors you wanted to paint where; the artist gave you basic colors (dark blues, purple, or light green, etc) but you decided how to blend the colors.  One of the other classes I went to was more structured and told you exactly paint half of it blue then put light blue on the top, so you could put your own touch on the painting.  I would definitely do this again!
Went here with a group of girls on a Friday night. What a great girls' night out! The instructors were so kind, sweet, and helpful. The space is great, and despite not having any artistic ability, I actually like my painting of the NYC skyline. Highly recommend!
soooo fun! went this past weekend with my husband and another couple.  great fun for boys and girls!  none of us paint yet we were all impressed with our finished products.  cant wait to go back with friends....even my mother would love a night out like this.  they start you out with the pattern and colors to use but dont be afraid to ask for different colors and/or be creative and paint your own pattern.  the teacher was great...spent one on one time with me explaining how to mix colors and create shadows.  my husband and i have a 1 yr old so we rarely go out.  it was sooo worth getting a babysitter for.  we enjoyed our "adult time" and i sure enjoyed the BYOB!  i recommend this place to everyone.  i dont see how you could have a bad time at this place.
I would have given this place 5 stars but they almost cancelled the night before at 10 pm when our class was the next day at 1pm (they said not enough people had signed up but that shouldn't matter - the class shouldn't have the possibility of being cancelled). Our whole group had travelled from very far to be here for it - so naturally we were all upset when we got the email that it was cancelled. But then 45 mins later the class was back on - so we were excited again but that unsure-ness kinda sucked! Besides that the class was awesome! Our instructor was super patient and kind. We all had an awesome time and would DEFINITELY come back, I've already recommended it to a bunch of friends and family members who live in the area. Remember to bring your own wine, and get ready for an awesome time!
Wine, painting and they play good music. Had a great time- perfect evening alone or with a group of friends...a fun date too. Can't wait to go again.
Haven't painted since high school and thought it would be something different  to do while having a good bottle of wine. Not only was it so much more fun and creative than I expected but so pleased with my art piece that I actually hung it up in my apt! Pedro was a great teacher and came around individually to help us out which was awesome. Would definitely do again!
I highly recommend ArteVino to everyone.  I went this past Friday with 4 other gals to paint the NYC skyline- its my souvenir for my two year stay in NJ (I'm here for two years from Houston, TX). We drove into Hoboken and aside from the rainy day the drive was a pretty easy one. The parking too was easy to find behind the studio and it was free parking. We entered the building through the back and I was a little confused as to if we were in the correct building but finally found our way up to the third floor on a super super slow elevator to the really nice studio. I love the nice setup and the colors. I also liked seeing the other options of paintings they have that decorated the walls. We each took a bottle of wine as well as some snacks. We chatted for a while and then we started. The instructor was very nice and showed us step by step what to do. I liked the fact that he came around the room to see and help each one of us. I had a great time and loved my masterpiece! It's hanging in my house already! Paolo the owner was so nice and responded to all my emails and questions quickly! Thank you so much ArteVino for a great night with my friends! Can't wait to go back!
