After 4 years in New York I think I've found a stylist. I bought a Gilt voucher for full highlights, and made an appointment for a cut as well. Jeremy did a damn good job especially given my vague instructions (highlights to brighten up my naturally dark blonde hair, and a cut that was age appropriate, I'm 27 and my last cut according to my husband was "jewish mom hair"). The highlights are beautiful and natural looking and my cut is seriously perfect. I have so much more volume, it air dries perfectly, and most importantly it's age appropriate.  The chick who shampooed my hair did a great job too, firm but not like she was scrubbing a dish with burnt on cheese (I didn't catch her name, she was a petite asian chick). The salon itself was very nice, even though it was busy it was not terribly noisy. The products used were pleasant smelling, and didn't leave any weird residue.
I saw Kate for a cut and she was fantastic. I deducted one star because the apprentice who did the styling after my blow-dry did a really amateur job despite Kate's instruction and it was just a bad note to leave on. But aside from that, great service (the complimentary wine definitely eased my nerves about cutting a lot off) and love that they carry Kerastase and Shu Uemura products.
I have been going to Arte Salon for a while now to see Kyoko. She does an amazing job with both color and cut. She's like a master sculptor that takes time to make sure your hair falls nicely from all angles. I usually hop around from stylist to stylist trying to find the right one, and often I am disappointed, but the fact that I have been going to the same person for a while says a lot! I always walk out of the salon feeling good about my hair and never have to worry that something went awry.
Yeah, Anastasia. The consummate stylist. Just amazing person and professional. There should be "Olympics" for stylists. You'd win, A. :D And please, everyone, do read my original and more complete review!
I bought a voucher on Gilt City and was assigned to Jeremy. As an Asian, I always went for Asian stylists and was hesitant about going to a non-asian salon. In case you are having the same concern as I did, I would say: go to Jeremy! Everything turned out better than I had expected. Jeremy was very understanding about my preferences and stuck with the length we agreed on. I'm not a layer-person and end result was fantastic. More volume, healthier-looking hair.
The perfection of my highlights (by Sherene) has forced me to yield to the Yelp gods and finally leave my first Review.   I've done my own color for about three years now and finally decided I needed to be a grown up and have it done professionally (and it didn't hurt that I found an amazing Gilt deal for this salon).  I hadn't thought my hair looked bad at all before, and, in fact, had gotten plenty of compliments on my "california color".  But I really just didn't know what I was missing. Sherene meticulously highlighted my hair to absolute perfection while I sipped on free cappuccinos and tea.  Although she was more than a bit horrified that I had been doing my own color previously (I know she tried to hide it, but... no, wait, nevermind-she didn't.), she stepped up to the challenge and fixed the things that I didn't even know needed to be fixed.   I was heading to a wedding later that night so she also threw in a little blow out and curl action (which lasted the next day as well), and I left the salon feeling like an A-lister with perfect natural golden waves and not a sheen of copper in sight.  I got compliments left and right all night long from people I didn't even know. Yep, I'm never doing my own color again. She knows what she is doing guys, I would definitely recommend this cute bubbly hairdresser to anyone.
I have been getting my hair cut by Kyoko for over a decade. She joined Arte Salon from a different salon.  Kyoko is amazing.  She was voted the top stylist in NYC, in 2008 (link at the end of my review) and continues to be excellent. She is exactly what you would expect:  warm, professional, skillful.  But she is also a really intelligent woman who understands contradictory impulses of her clients, like myself.   I can't emphasize how good she is, and if she were ever to move out of NYC, I don't know what I would do.... villagevoice.com/bestof/…
Anastasia is fantastic.  Really listens to what you want and then customizes it to suit your face and hair.  I also saw her finish the client before me.  She does *amazing* color - the woman's hair was a beautiful shade of red and looked delicate and completely natural.  I get the sense that women leave Anastasia's chair feeling beautiful and confident.   And it's a great salon in an interesting neighborhood.  It has a hidden quality that belies a hopping two floor business inside.  I was surprised at how reasonable the prices are given the quality of the hairdressers.   My haircut looks great the next day with nothing but a shower and a towel dry.  I will be back to see Anastasia next time I'm in town.  Thank you!
They said I could come back for a correction. Originally they said that I had to see the same stylist but I would not agree to that. They said they would call me back. Two weeks later nobody contacted me so I decided to call back. Then I received a message from Joseph the owner and head stylist. He said he would give me credit towards another stylist up to $150. I made an appointment with the stylist he recommended but the day before the appointment they called to confirm and I mentioned that I was coming for a correction and would have credit but they said I had to pay the difference because the original cut was with a gilt city coupon so I needed to pay $50 + tip. I said that I was not okay with that arrangement and cancelled the appointment. I'm extremely disappointed because the cut is AWFUL and I don't know where to go for a correction. I can't afford to pay hundreds of dollars now because I'm afraid to go just anywhere because this last cut was a disaster!!!!
Vanese always did great job on blow drying my hair! Made me look fantastic every time! I decided to get a hair cut from Vanese before my engagement photo shoot, wanted something simple but sophisticated. He did it beautifully! When I saw my engagement photo, my first comment was "I really like how my hair looks". Thanks Vanese!
I am a fan of Dry Bar and some other places,  so I had a frame of reference when getting a blow out here. Luckily, I had a GILT voucher. I booked it with a participating stylist. I usually get my hair blown out elsewhere, and then ironed out. Only step one was done here, yet the 'do stayed for days! Would come again if I had a voucher.
THE BEST IN TOWN. Alright, I never write reviews, BUT, after FINALLY having a positive experience at a salon, I felt so compelled.   I looked into Arte Salon after reading a review on Allure's Haircut List.  Anastasia seemed like the go to gal and the Yelp reviews seemed to confirm this.  All of the five star reviews for this place are totally spot on.   Anastasia is a miracle worker.  I've hopped from salon to salon trying to find a good stylist (the list includes many of NY's finest: Sally Hershberger Downtown, Marie Robinson, etc), but no one has come close to Anastasia.  Instead of leaving in tears as usual, I left with a beautiful cut, a renewed sense of self, and a smile from ear to ear. Great people!  Great experience!  Great Salon! THANK YOU ANASTASIA!  I will most certainly return!
Abby in the bomb. No other words to describe her. She is an artist with color and can make your highlights the highlight of your everything. I have been following Abby where ever she goes for the last 4 years and now she works in the lovely Arte Salon which is truly a wonderful experience simply by walking in. The receptionists have been a little disorganized at times but all that doesn't matter the moment I walk out with my savvy new and improved hair. It's hard to get the blond I want, I don't want it too white, nor too yellow, and I want my roots to blend in with time, this is almost impossible to get anywhere EXCEPT with Abby. She is une vraie artiste HANDS DOWN.
I hesitated on writing a review because I was seriously paranoid that Tomoko would get discovered and then become too busy to squeeze me in (haha).  All jokes aside, Tomoko at Arte Salon is simply amazing.  I have always been wary of having someone new cut my hair, and having had some blah experiences at other fancy, highly rated salons (Medulla, I'm talking about you), it was such a relief to find someone who is genuinely friendly, nice, sweet, AND can cut hair well. Other great things about her: she never pushes products on you, she takes her time, she makes you feel renewed and gorgeous, and you can book her through Lifebooker! As long as I live in NYC, Tomoko will be the only one who can touch my hair.
I had a hair appointment with Jeremy yesterday and he was AMAZING! After reading rave reviews for this salon, I purchased a voucher for a haircut and blowdry on Gilt. The receptionist was very pleasant and able to cater to my schedule. She told me a bit about Jeremy's career, and I felt more than comfortable going to see him that afternoon. When he asked me what I was looking for, I explained to him that my hair always looks good but there's nothing special about it and I wanted my hair to look great. He went above and beyond to cut and style my hair as promised, and gave me a bunch of really helpful ideas for styling on my own so that I could have the salon look on a daily basis! Lastly, added perks - free bang shaping between cuts and a glass of wine with the appointment. I will most definitely be returning!
I guess you have to be somewhat wary of places that receive perfect five star ratings.. usually SOMEONE has something to complain about, right? Well, my friends, this salon is extremely well-deserving of this rating. I booked an appt here because (a) Lifebooker has a 20% discount, dropping the price to $64 for a woman's haircut with Tomoko (I paid like $40 for my haircuts in Jersey so this price still hurts a bit) and (b) because it got the often-unattainable 5 star rating on yelp. Plus.. my hair looked like a subway rat was making a permanent nest, so I was delighted when I was able to book an appt the same day. The place was really easy to get to (Broadway/Lafayette - BDFM or Bleecker Street - 6) and had a cute little house-like look from the outside. Other than the man peeing on the sidewalk, it seemed very welcoming (it was raining so I thought it was a rain puddle I was about to step in... until I saw the man zip up his pants and look at me disapprovingly.. hey wait! HE's judging ME? I know the rat nest on top of my head was weird.. but he's peeing on the sidewalk at 6pm). I walked in ten minutes early for my appt and was greeted very warmly by the receptionist (I read receptionist-horror stories of other salons, so I was a little intimidated) and told to go into the changing room to change into a robe..... say what?! Change? I felt like I was at the hospital getting into my pre-surgery dressing gown. See above for $40 haircut - I am not too fancy with my haircuts... and never had to change. They usually throw that germ-infested smock right over my clothes. I met my stylist, Tomoko, and ordered a cappuccino from the drink boy. I don't know if Tomoko is new or not, because I have not seen any reviews on here for her, but she was AMAZING! Seriously the sweetest person I have ever met who had to rake the knots out of my hair. She talked to me about my hair, kept asking if I needed anything, and just made genuine conversation. She kept asking me about the length before she cut any shorter, and showed me what she was doing before she did it. The blowout was also nice.. though the way my hair was starting to look, I got a little reminiscent of a certain Brady Bunch mother... however, once it was done, I realized it looked great and I was extremely pleased. *I also have long hair (middle of back) and though the price was $64, I only paid $66 and some change I guess as tax. Thought that was nice that I didn't get the long hair surcharge... considering I just wanted a trim and what's the difference in a trim whether my hair is at my shoulders or my ankles? **Bang trims are free.. ***Appears they take walkins if they have openings. *****I will DEFINITELY go back, and DEFINITELY use Tomoko again. /END unnecessarily long review which manages to add no extra value to the last line which just states that this place and Tomoko are awesome.
From the street, Arte looks like a small facade of a  Greek Villa, its all white front  makes you feel like your on to something special. The staff tries hard to put on a smile and make you feel welcome and relaxed, don't expect any "we are better than you" airs here. I had a hair cut and blow dry. My hair was cut with precision, but the front fell flat on my face - the front fell better before it was cut. I had a senior stylist who was patient and a good listener. The other customers seemed content. Given the competition of salons in this city and my wanting to have a certain experience, I would not return. The clientele were not my style nor were the stylists (though very nice). The overall experience seemed like this was a place for rookies. I would recommend it to someone coming in from NJ/CONN/LI  or tourist for their day of beauty. Its like a starter house in a way. The salon is well designed inside and out.
I searched far and wide for a haircut and color that wouldn't break the bank (or make me look crazy) and I finally found it at Arte Salon. I booked a Cut with Tim Cadman and a color with Miyuki. The salon itself was gorgeous, located in Nolita and two floors. I was led downstairs for a color first with Miyuki and was offered an awesome cappuccino and Miyuki showed me some pictures of what she was going to do. We settled on some caramel highlights and she got to work. I wouldn't say the color turned out FABULOUS - it was okay. My hair reacted funny to the highlights (some parts lightened faster than others) and it took literally, forever. The great part about the salon is they were genuinely concerned about how happy I was and offered a million times to fix it for free or if at any point I was unhappy, they welcomed me to come back to get it corrected.   I then got my haircut with Tim. HE IS AMAZING. After reading raves about him, I can see why they love him so much. First of all, he has a great personality - he is soft-spoken but not boring. Definitely very friend and for sure knows exactly what he's doing. I asked him for his suggestions and brought in some pictures and he was honest about what would look best on me. He was extremely meticulous in the cut and even told me to come back to get my bangs trimmed for free whenever I wanted. I will definitely go back for haircuts although I may be looking around for colorists...
I got a great haircut from Nozomi when I was there last week. The salon has a fun and chill environment and everyone was happy. Nozomi cut my hair exactly how I wanted it and all the other stylists were excited how good it looked.
Umm, Luca, what?? Anyway, I have been going to the same hairstylist, Jemma, for years. She began working at this salon maybe a year ago, so I started going to see her there. I love this salon. Everyone is professional and very friendly. No hipper-than-thou attitudes that you find at other salons.  I got the distinct impression that everyone employed here is very talented and has a large clientele of regulars. The other customers I see there are always chatting with their stylists like long-time friends. The space is small, but clean and lovely. They have a cute little outside area downstairs too. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
Everything about this was great other than that they had no hot water to wash your hair with. As a styling salon, you need to ensure this is going to be okay throughout the day (especially as it was very cold outside). + Free wine, tea, lattes + Extremely helpful staff + Called me to tell me that Tomoko was running behind (sadly, I was in the subway so showed up a little late, per my usual, but only had to wait 10 minutes [with my wine] to be seen) + Tomoko was extremely natural, lovely, and encouraging. She made me feel good about my hair even though it's been since June that I last cut it. She spent a long time on my hair, asked how I wanted it styled before leaving, and was very understanding that i can't have anything that requires maintenance. She was a joy. Overall, Tomoko was so beyond the average hair stylist, not fake or fussy or condescending about my no-maintenance approach to hair styling. She was genuinely concerned that the hair might be too short and even though her regular price is $80 I would actually consider going back (Lifebooker has a $64 haircut available from Tomoko. I wonder if I can book again.) two and a HALF dollar signs, really.
This review is long overdue.  In all honesty, the star here is Amy, the hair stylist, but Arte provides an excellent supporting cast and backdrop. Amy has been cutting my hair since 2005, and she gets it right every time.  EVERY. TIME.  Not only has she seen me through multiple changes in length and styling, she's also cleaned up countless botched 'dos that I've gotten elsewhere.  You see, I moved halfway across the country shortly after meeting Amy, and often felt that I should find a local hairdresser to handle my locks, rather than waiting for the 1-2 times a year that I came back to New York.  What a mistake.  So few people seem to know how to properly cut curly hair, and I've gotten more awful, wedge-shaped haircuts than I care to remember.  After each mishap, I've gone to Amy, who somehow always manages to rehabilitate the mess left by another hairdresser.  I've found no one else who can make my thin, loopy curls look so goddamn hip. Recently, she took me to a drastically shorter length.  And once again, I love it.  This woman works magic.  I hope she never retires.  Incidentally, she's also an awesome person--smart, interesting, and articulate.  You'll always get good care and good conversation when you're in her hands. Arte Salon is great, too.  While the decor makes it feel a bit fancypants, the staff is anything but.  Everyone I've interacted with there is friendly, down to earth, and helpful.  Yes, the prices are high.  I save up for a haircut, or ask my family to buy me a haircut for my birthday.  But really, I'd so much rather shell out once for a great haircut than have to get a bad, less-expensive one fixed.   Curly-haired people, Amy is your woman (I suspect she does a great job with straight and wavy hair, as well).
This is my favorite salon in NYC. I always have Miyuki cut my hair. The first time I told her my idea, and she did what I asked for, but made my look even cooler than I imagined. She is GREAT with straight hair, and creating cool and elegant styles. She also recommended a really nice hair forming cream that smelled herbal and pleasant, unlike the many others. She also made me a cappuccino for me to enjoy while we made small talk and she worked on my hair. The building is clean and cute, and in a cool neighborhood. I am sure there are other great stylist there, but I will always use Miyuki because she is consistent about doing what I want, and always creating something original and elegant. Couldn't be happier.... thank you!
Arte Salon is amazing!! Janessa is my hairstylist there and even though I've strayed from her from time to time (either she's fully booked or on vacation/getting married), I absolutely adore her. She listens to me, gives me exactly what I want and goes up and beyond for me time after time. The salon itself is cozy and always a joy to go to!
I heart :) Tomoko takes her time and makes great conversation. Meticulous, pays attention, and listens to what I say. Sounds like a given but I'm consistently surprised by how many stylists fail to listen. She didn't judge when I told her my last haircut was in November.....just saying....some of us don't need all that much upkeep when it comes to hair, I guess. I have healthy hair and I keep it pretty simple, so I can get away with relative little maintenance I guess. Great experience from start to finish. From the cappuccino to the shampoo  to the haircut, it was all good. Looks like I found my salon in the city! Booked tomoko on lifebooker for $64, I believe she's usually $80. I'd pay full price for her though.
Arte Salon has a cute white house facade on Elizabeth Street with an outdoor patio downstairs. The receptionist was sweet and courteous, and accomidated a last minute appointment. The ambience of the salon was clean and inviting. And, oh yeah, for the important part: got a fantastic haircut from Anastasia! She knew just what I was going for and delivered BEYOND. She's awesome, and apparently NOT 22 (even though she looks like it). Thank you, Arte!
Having just moved here, I'd let my hair go for a bit, and I was in dire need of a haircut. I researched quite a bit and for whatever reason, settled upon Kate, who was shocked as shizz that I found her via yelp. I came in looking quite shaggy, sorta like a muppet that had fornicated with a hand grenade. Twice. If there was an upside to this, it's that it gave Kate carte blanche to size me up and eventually, she snipped her way into a very masterful and versatile haircut. I was dreading running some long-ass gauntlet of finding the perfect hair cutter. Kate solved that problem straight away. Annnnnd, she's super cool to boot.
Jeremy is AMAZING and a very talented hairstylist. I'm a mens hairstylist and have been looking for a place for awhile to get a decent cut. I have been going to this salon for about a year now and love the results every time. I mainly get just haircuts here. The first time i went to this salon, I had a gilt city voucher. Jeremy always listens to what I want regarding the hair cut and color and always makes me look beautiful. I get so so many compliments every time !! He texturizes my hair as well because it is very thick. Jeremy is very friendly too, I highly recommend him. The salon offers coffee, tea, water & wine which is always a plus. The entire experience is always great, so what are you waiting for?? Go to Arte salon and see Jeremy!
I started to go to Arte Salon over six months ago.  As it does many people, it too me a long time to find the right salon after moving here over a year ago.  I first had my color done with Jeremy.  He did exactly what I asked for an more.  He got the color perfect. It was exactly what I wanted and it looked perfect with my skin tone.  A wonderful balance between the blonder I wanted and very natural/healthy at the same time.  Jeremy also cuts hair so I made my next trim appointment with him again.  He did excellent work adding in more layers to give more body and bounce, but also giving the illusion that I didn't loose much length, again my desired look. Jeremy is over all great! I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Ok I admit it, usually I just go to the cheapest decent place I can find and get a few inches trimmed off my mane.  But suddenly it became 90 degrees out and I decided I wanted a change, a massive change involving chopping off all of my long, thick, curly and frizzy hair. Many people advised against it saying it would never look good and just turn into a giant poof.  I admit I was worried, but determined.  I don't have a stylist since I just moved somewhat recently from DC and the last one I tried didn't leave a lasting impression.  I found this salon and Tomoko in particular on lifebooker and decided to give a pricier hair cut a try.  I mean I have a real adult job these days so by gum I can treat myself to an adult hair cut.   Tomoko turned my "idk short I think maybe if you think it will look okay?" into a well-shaped hair cut in which you can truly see my curls.  I really don't know why I didn't do this sooner.  She took her time (this was also by far the longest hair cut of my life, but wow does it make sense to look at and make some cutting changes once the hair is dry if you have curly hair).  She gave a lot of advice on how to style and care for my hair day to day as well. The salon itself was charming, the reception and everyone who worked there was incredibly nice, and they apparently give free refreshments (coffee? tea? wine?), which is pretty awesome although probably kind of typical of this price range.  I'd definitely go back sans discount and highly recommend this place.
LOVED my experience here! Sherene was on her way out for the day as I walked in for a haircut. She was so happy to take on one more haircut for the day! I totally lost track of time as we talked and she cut and styled away. She paid very close attention to detail and took her time. I felt like I was her one and only haircut for the day! Not rushed at all. Love the decor and the positive environment of the whole salon. Very friendly and down to earth stylists!!
I love Garrett!  I've had lots of stylists before who do their own thing, but Garrett really listens to what you want, figures out what will look best on you, and makes you look BEAutiful.  I get tons of compliments on the haircut he gave me. He also knows tons about the products and even showed me how to use them.  I don't usually use products, but he made it easy. Thank you Garrett, for making me look like fabulous!  What a great salon experience. :) :) :)
This salon is on a wonderful little secret block in a cozy yet upscale space. The staff is amazing...professional yet warm and engaging. Abbie is my gal there...she's fantastic. Always does exactly what I ask.
After experiencing many hairstylists in the city, I finally found my go-to hair stylist Tomoko at Arte Salon. I can tell from the way she cuts my hair is that she's detailed and careful in her cuts. Her haircut grows out nicely and lasts a long time. Plus she's always cheery and friendly to go to.
Great salon on a lovely section of Elizabeth street in Noho. The space is great - light and airy - 2 floors with a downstairs outdoor patio. Friendly employees who offered me something to drink multiple times, tons of good magazines (W and Nylon - not People). I had a good and thorough shampoo with massage from PK. They used Kerastese products for the shampoo and Shu Uemuera (sp?) cream for blow out. My hair was cut by Jeremy - he was extremely attentive and listened to what I wanted...he took his time cutting AND blowing my hair out (tweaking the cut just a bit as he blew my hair out). He was totally relaxed and fun to talk to also - smart and polite. The result was a fantastic and very pretty cut----EXACTLY what I was looking for---AND a blow out that I really wish I could replicate at home. I would highly recommend Jeremy and the salon overall. Excellent experience in a laid back and beautiful (yet unpretentious and hip) setting. I used a Gilt group deal for the cut but regular priced cuts from Jeremy are $100 which I think is very reasonable given his skill level and years of experience. Also, the front desk offered me an add'l 20% off my next cut - so really only $80 next time around. I will definitely be back. And FYI I have been to many of the top (downtown) salons in NYC --- Bumble and Bumble, Whittemore House, Ted Gibson --- and definitely think that Arte is up to par with all of those
Arte Salon itself, it is a great space. I personally love the bottom level as there is a little garden out back. The space is clean and always buzzing, but never feels crowded. Staff are always pleasant and friendly and make you feel very welcome from the moment you walk in the door. And the shampoo experience is amazing!!!!!! AND there is lots of eye candy, not matter which side of the fence you sit on.... which always makes for a pleasant day. The only downside, which wasn't even big enough to remove a star, was the product range. Don't get me wrong, they have amazing products, but I would like to see something more targeted towards the male clients, and perhaps a different hairspray.... loves me some hairspray but I really don't want to leave smelling like Nanna at a wedding thanks to the El-net hairspray!!! However - the main attraction and reason why I go to this salon, and the receiver of most of the stars, is for my gorgeous, beautiful, fun, amazing stylist Kate Werner!!!!!!!!!!! I have been seeing Kate for at least six years and have never ever had someone touch my hair since!  Kate is one of the greatest stylist I have come across in NYC, for both sexes, especially for men. She has an amazing talent to know exactly what looks good on someone. Even on those days where I have gone in with the dreaded "I  don't know what I want to do" Kate almost reads my mind and explains what she is going to do, and I know it's going to be perfect. She has a way of giving me exactly what I want - even when I don't even know what it is. PLUS the cuts last... they hold up even if you can't get back to the salon soon enough for your next cut, even as your hair grows, it maintains its style. I have never left Kate feeling unhappy or not 100% satisfied with her cuts. I have seen her transform people from drab to amazing. Her clients leave feeling and looking like a superstar. Kate makes you feel comfortable, relaxed and beautiful (or in my case, handsome). If you are looking for an truly talented stylist and you are ready to leave a salon feeling like a star, go to Arte and book some time with KATE!!!!!!!!!!
Great Salon! I have been here twice now for haircuts and the service has been lovely. The space is open and relaxing and they use fantastic products. Most recently I worked with Sherene for a haircut. Her bubbly personality was just what I needed on a Wednesday afternoon. She listened to what I wanted and gave me the exact cut I was looking for. I will definitely be returning.
Wonderful Salon and Tomoko is fantastic for haircuts.
I've never written a review here before, but my experience here was so entirely terrible--and, I have to say, almost traumatic, that it still bothers me six months later. I'd been to Arte a few times for cut and color, and never had a problem. I've never been someone to be loyal to a stylist--I've moved around enough to find this is more hassle than it's worth, and generally, I feel if it's a good salon, their stylists should fit the reputation. Maybe this is where I went wrong. Anyway, I went in, wanted my hair dyed red (it's normally a sort of blondish/light brown) we picked out a color and went to work. And then, I got home and I realized--my hair was two different colors. Quite literally, there was a STRIPE of color where part was darker and part was lighter. Still, I was like, maybe I was the only one who noticed, whatever. But then, the next day, my coworker asked if I'd done it "on purpose." Since I work at a magazine, it is EXTREMELY embarrassing to have such an unprofessional mistake. That's why I pay for color instead of dunking my head in a bucket of Kool-Aid, Arte Salon. Anyway, so I called and asked to come back in, and they said, "Sure come on a Saturday at 2pm." So I did, cancelling my plans. After waiting for half an hour in the front with an obnoxious-as-hell receptionist who didn't offer me coffee, tea, or wine, I go to see the stylist (I wish I remembered her name, but I don't!) and she was like, "oh yeah, this doesn't look right. It was because we did a single process and didn't strip the old color." Well, couldn't they have made that clear the first time? I already told them that I'd had color. AND THEN: "I don't have time to do this now. Make an appointment." Well, at this point, I was practically hysterical. Hello, I HAVE A STRIPE IN MY HAIR THAT YOU ADMIT IS YOUR FAULT. I stomped out, then called and got on the phone with the manager. To his credit, he did offer for me to come in for free and see a senior stylist for a color correction, but at this point, all trust was broken. I'm never going back.
Cristin is THE BEST curly hair stylist ever.  The whole experience at Arte exceeded my expectations.  I was warmly welcomed, changed immediately and asked to wait in the back.  I had a consult with Cristin before my thick, long, curly hair was wet.  Mark gave me a great scalp massage during my hair wash.  The cut was just the start.  Then, Cristin taught me how to style my hair.  I didn't feel rushed at all and will be returning soon to try color/highlights.  My cut was $85 (and I asked to buy two of the products, they worked so well).
All I can say is: FINALLY. I've been bouncing around different salons in the city since I moved here three years ago, but I'm pretty sure from here on out I'll trust my gentle tresses to Arte Salon. Let me explain. You're reading a review about hair care, so you're expecting me to note the unique fussiness and impossibility of managing my hair. Here, I'll recount a traumatic hair cut I got as a teenager (and, for some reason, maintained FOR YEARS because I was an idiotic teenager). But now Tomoko is here and she understands me, and all is right in the world. Sure, kinda! All of that is a little true, but honestly, I'm just one of those people who's fussy about who handles my hair. It's thick, it's beautiful, and it deserves to be placed in capable, loving hands. I wasn't sure what to expect at Arte, but I was hopeful for somewhere that was trendy without pretention, where I'd feel equally at ease asking for something classic as I would for a riskier style, and where my hair would be loved for what it is. The minute I walked in, I knew I liked the place. It was cozy and warm, and even as Tomoko was running late, the delay wasn't more than 10-15 minutes. She came back and shampooed me herself, and we made a bit of small talk. When we finally got to her station, we got down to brass tacks. I'd been growing my hair out and liked it, I just wanted to take a little weight off of it and restore it to a state of mid-length bouncy equilibrium. Tomoko seemed fascinated with my hair and made great suggestions on how the cut she was about to do could be made more versatile and show off my features. It was honestly a real treat to hear someone speaking so admiringly of my natural hair color and its thickness and texture. I felt, as I think one should, like she was assisting me in bringing out the maximum natural beauty of my hair, and not turning it into anything other than what it is. As she snipped away, she asked me about my normal regimen, how I wore my hair, what problems I encounter with it, and recommended some styles I could try and products I could use. No product-pushing, no judgment, just a helpful conversation--which I certainly didn't expect. I left with the hair style I asked for, a couple of braid ideas I could use for work and going out, and the serenity of knowing I've finally found my salon successor. If you're normally a little squeamish about hair cuts and want someone who won't be pushy or rash in what they do to your head, Tomoko seems like a really good person to see. She can detect your hesitation and will happily see you again if you change your mind about that shave-under you chickened out on. I felt very comfortable with her from the start: we made conversation, but I tend not to like talking as much during a hair cut. She seemed equally okay with this, and the silence never felt awkward. Go see her, she's lovely! P.S., As people have noted, you can book Tomoko and a few other stylists on Lifebooker for between 15-20% off the normal rate. I can't resist doing so, but obviously, you should tip what you would if you were paying full price. They only accept cash tips as well, so keep that in mind.
I've been seeing Miyuki for years now, and I am so sad because I am now living in San Diego and I cannot see her! TERRIFIED to see anyone else, but I have had a lot of luck with Japanese hair stylists.  They seem to be perfectionists with my blonde, thin, fine, and long hair (I had been referred to 2 others in my 8 years of living in NYC, but the 2 previous had moved back to Tokyo). I was originally referred to Miyuki by my best friend who happened to be from Tokyo.  She never knew Miyuki but she knew of her reputation for cutting hair back in Japan. It has been amazing ever since.  She takes her time and pays very close attention to detail.  I have such thin hair, one mistake and it's over.  Although I really only went in every 4-6 months or so, she knew exactly how I liked it and what would look good with my frame.  I love Miyuki and would give more stars if I could.  So sad I can no longer see her regularly. Arte Salon was always very clean, professional, kind, and courteous.  Ambience casual, yet pristine. For 1/2 head of blonde highlights, and trim was just over $200 and worth every penny. From my experience it was always about average wtih every stylist I worked with.
Well, after months of putting it off, I finally went to Arte Salon and can say that Tomoko is just as amazing as everyone says she is. She's detail-oriented in her cutting but not hesitant, confident in her cutting but also patient in creating a proper style that respects what the client wants but is also most flattering. It's difficult to explain what sets one stylist apart from another, but I'd say Tomoko is exceptional at communicating with clients and perhaps that assists in the process of determining exactly what the other person wants? As a result, she didn't have to remove as much in length as some stylists need to, in order for it to have a fresh form to it again, which was wonderful, as I prefer to have my hair long. It cost $100 without tip (more than I'd ever paid for a haircut, though I know there are more expensive salons in the city), but I couldn't recommend her more highly. The funny thing is, I learned of her through a childhood friend whom I hadn't seen in years (so it's not as if i had a sense of what her hair was like in person), and it happens that my friend's and my hair are nothing alike in texture or length (I'm Eurasian, my friend is black). Yet Tomoko somehow worked her magic on us both. So, if you're white, Asian, black or something in between, go to her. And get a Lifebooker coupon so you can get 10-20% off. But note, contrary to what it says on Yelp, the salon is not wheelchair-accessible.
I have been going to Amy for 5 years now. Arte is a great salon that is nice and relaxing.
I did my hair with Anastasia. I gave her minimal guidance but she quickly understood what needed to be done and did an amazing job in every respect!  I I love the color, the haircut and the style. I left feeling beautiful. I will definitely be back!
I have extremely fine and somewhat thin curly hair, which makes it a struggle to know how to style it and also to get it cut. However, I went to Abbie at Arte on a fellow curly-haired friend's recommendation (despite the fact that we have as different hair as humanly possible while both having curls) and I am very glad I did. My entire experience at the salon was pleasant and Abbie was amazing. Despite it being in Noho/Soho and very hip, no one was in the least rude or stuck up. Megan, who shampoo'd my hair, was extremely sweet and gave me an incredible scalp massage. The woman at the front desk was pleasant and chatty and Abbie was just lovely. She explained to me why I was seeing so much hair loss and where exactly my hair was weak but was also willing to keep it long if that's what I preferred. However, after trimming it to a longer length, I decided I wanted it shorter and we cut it in increments so it never got too short for my comfort. It looks fantastic both blown dry and curly, which is a feat, and I can still put it up in a low ponytail. I've also never gotten so many compliments and it feels really healthy. I highly recommend Arte and Abbie if you have curly hair, which is commonly usually quite challenging. Great experience.
This place feel very homey and my stylist, Jeremy, was overall great. He REALLY knows what he's doing cause I have long, black, coarse hair. His cut lifted so much weight off my heavy hair. It's a little pricey but definitely worth it. I LOVE MY NEW CUT! Definitely going back for highlights!
If you are very picky and want natural, blond highlights for a really great price, go to ABBY at ARTE SALON in Soho!!!!!! REVIEW: (apologies up front for the long review) Never done one before, but had to because I am so happy with Abby at Arte Salon. I moved to NYC from Chicago nearly two years ago.  I had been going to the same colorist for 10 years there (she was the owner of the salon and charged $200 - which in Chi is top dollar, but I am picky and she was worth it).   Since I arrived in NYC, I have been desperately trying to find a colorist that I like.  My hair is medium-dark brown and I color it a dirty blond.  I am very specific about what I want: I like it very natural looking, not streaky, but I also like dimension (so not just ONE overall color), and I don't want an orange tint what-so-ever in my hair (which I have found out recently tends to happen when brown hair is colored blond by someone who is not "great at this").   I have been to several stylists that were recommended to me my by friends, and have had no luck with any of them, except for the two times that I went to Marie Robinson at Marie Robinson Salon (she charges $350-$400 for highlights - no blow dry).  She definitely does a GREAT job - there is no denying that!  She is pretty famous for a reason.  But I am not able to afford to go to her every 6 to 8 weeks...so I was still "looking" for other colorists in the meantime. I was telling this story to my friend (aka complaining) a few weeks ago, and she recommended Abby at Arte.  Abby charges significantly less than Marie, and I liked my friends hair, so I decided to give her a shot (although I was very skeptical because her prices are very reasonable, and everyone else in NYC that charges this much has really not done a good job (in my opinion).   Anyway, I went to her and she did a GREAT JOB!  She literally does the same quality job as Marie - 100%.  I am so so happy to have found her.  She put a great toner on my hair and did a great job with the highlights!!!!!!!!!  They look very natural, AND she was able to take all the "orange" out of my hair that had been put in by the other colorists.  Really did a wonderful job.  My hair is finally back where I want it to be, and will get even better over time.  She charged me $250 for the "fix" and going forward she is charging me less than $200 for highlights and toner!!!!...and this includes a blow dry! I am so happy I had to share. Also a plus - she is fun and friendly!!  And the salon is very comfortable feeling.  Can't recommend her/them enough.
Wonderful service and great deal via Lifebooker.com. I got my haircut with Tomoko and she was very very nice. I loved my haircut and she gave me a fantastic blowout after (I was headed to dinner!). And, the best part? It's still affordable without the discount.
I had an appointment with Jeremy about a week and a half ago. I've been looking for the right salon/stylist for about a year to have my hair colored with ombré highlights... TOTALLY worth the wait for Jeremy! I was very excited and nervous to have this done but Jeremy took great care of me and I couldn't be happier. My hair is dark brown so I had to bleach my tips before having it toned. I was a little worried that my hair would come out dry and dead but it feels great and the color is holding up beautifully. I've never written a review on yelp but had to give Jeremy and Arte Salon some kudos!
I could pretty much ditto K M.'s review.  I went in with a Gilt City voucher for a haircut and blowout and came out with a wonderful new hairstyle that I couldn't be happier with.  I was running late so I called to let them know, and the receptionist happily pushed my appointment time back.  I ended up being a bit late for that as well, but Jeremy took me back quickly, and at no point did I feel rushed or as though I received subpar service.  The woman who shampooed my hair (I believe her name was Dimitria?) gave me a phenomenal (thorough!) scalp massage, and Jeremy, with little guidance from me, constructed a cut that fits my personality, style and needs.  He works messily but meticulously and made sure my hair was styled to perfection before I could leave his chair.  I tend to salon-hop to try out new deals and discounts, but I'll definitely be back to Jeremy at Arte.
I've been going to Arte for over a year now. When my original stylist, Janessa, left, I was unsure if I should find a different salon or if I should just go try someone else. I'm really, really glad that I stuck with Arte, because Nozomi is a-m-a-z-i-n-g. My color is bright and bold, and most importantly, it lasts! She always takes her time, suggests maybe trying something a bit new (which I love because I am the least creative person in the world), and does a great job with the cut, too. Every time I leave, my hair looks beautiful and the blow-out lasts 3-4 days (somehow - I don't get it because when I do my own hair and wake up, it's a crinkly mess). I feel completely safe in her hands and get compliments on my hair all the time. Arte (and Nozomi) rule, plain and simple.
I had a haircut with Tomoko. LOVED her! The last place I got my haircut (Shampoo on Ave B) I thought he had done a great job but after a day or so I noticed some uneven layers and and lengths and so I was pretty upset considering that I paid full price and had given them several chances to redeem themselves. I thought I had found my hairstylist there but now I know what a good cut looks like! Tomoko knew exactly what she was doing and completely understood my hair texture and what needed to be done to get me looking my best and feeling good. She is definitely the kind of stylist that even if you come in with a picture or a request, she wouldn't do anything to you that wouldn't look good and will tell you honestly if it will work with your hair and give you the results you desire. I value you that honesty and service which is very hard to find in this city and salons in general. There is still some work to be done (some of the crooked layers from before still need to grow out before it will be fixed) but I will be going back to her for sure from now on since I am confident I am in good hands. I also am going to get my next coloring done with her. Salon itsself is very very nice. clean, modern. Very friendly, patient, and attentitve staff. I even recieved a followup card in the mail thanking me for my business even though I was a lifebooker customer. WILL BE BACK! Ask for Tomoko :)
I absolutely love the haircut and blow-out that I received here. I made an appointment with Tomoko (based on an previous Yelp review) and found her to be very understanding of what I wanted. She was incredibly meticulous in her method and took her time in making sure that I was happy with my cut and style through the entire process. I don't get my long hair cut very often (maybe twice a year) and stick to the same long-bangs/subtle layers. However, Tomoko made my cut and style look more polished and sleek than ever before. My hair feels so healthy and bouncy! I still look like "me" - but feel like the hair cut and style help me to be best version of me. The salon itself is relaxing and well-appointed in its decor. Really loved the extra long scalp massages I was treated to, too! I don't live in NYC, but may have to make special visits to Tomoko again when I am in the city for future hair care.
TIM CADMAN ROCKS!!! So being a poor broke grad student in desperate need of a haircut, I looked up the craigslist ad's for hair models. Not free but with a nominal charge, I booked my appointment out there. I have very thick hair that was feeling very heavy so during the summer I was just tying it up. Tim Cadman was overseeing the apprentice cutting my hair, and basically directed her to do everything. Was blessed to be there since he understands hair, I mean literally he understands every strand of your hair and I walked out with the best haircut ever!! It's been almost 3 months now and it's been a wash-and-go haircut with little maintenance required. I've found my hairstylist and am going to save up for the trip to Arte to meet Tim whenever my hair needs it!!
arte salon gets my full 5-star approval due to the magic & artful hands of the stylist i had named nozomi. she is extremely skilled, efficient with time, professional, easy-going, and someone very easy to talk to. i really enjoyed my consultation and haircut with her. it was my first time to the salon, and i was admittedly a little hesitant given that i had signed up for a model appointment (cheaper prices with a junior stylist who wasn't yet listed on the official salon roster). due to a mix-up on the stylist's part, i was double-booked and in desperate need of a cut before my lunch appointment with a friend. the salon seemed somewhat sincere in their apologies, but then i lucked out when nozomi strolled into work early enough ahead of her next appointment that she very kindly squeezed me in. i had no idea at the time what good fortune this was! my hair is relatively easy, and all i needed was a little freshening up...  about 6 months ago, i got one of those high-tech ionic loose perms at a korean salon that specializes in the technique (i have asian hair), and it had grown into a rather dull shapeless shoulder-length mop on my head. nozomi crafted a very fresh, modern and light/carefree look from that mop, and left me feeling delighted with my new summer 'do. the salon itself is fine - nothing particularly unique as compared to other salons of similar caliber/pricing - but nozomi completely won me over. i will be heading back to her the next time my hair needs some work.
What a BAMF Kate is! Best in the city for Men's cuts. Probably women's too, but I really can't speak to that.
I found this salon via an incredible deal on GiltCity and will definitely return.  Janessa is AMAZING. I moved to NYC three years ago and had been traveling back to Boston every few months to visit my stylist Tim Robishaw -- and while i love him dearly, four hours+ on the bus in each direction was too much to take. I walked in to my appointment with a few photos and met Janessa for the first time.  I explained that they were my inspiration and that i needed a style that was wash-n-wear, would grow out nicely and would still be fun. From there she was off -- she asked the right questions, walked me through her thoughts and I trusted her completely.  I actually heard myself say: "sure, whatever you recommend." She gave me the perfect bob w/ bangs.  She took the time to make sure that the hair was cut in a way to suit the shape of my head and that it would fall properly on its own into place. DON'T HESITATE - JUST GO SEE JANESSA, she earned everyone of those five stars and inspired me to Yelp for the first time ever. In addition to the awesome haircut, i actually liked talking with her and thought she was the best.
I had a haircut with Tim. I am very satisfied with the result. He took the time to talk to me in order to understand my style and expectations. He certainly took into account my ideas, but wasn't afraid to suggest some changes - that I accepted and that turned out to be great touches for my style. He carried out my cut meticulously, very attentive to details. I'm very glad I found him and I'll certainly be using the salon for a while. The rest of the staff was nice and friendly, without overdoing it (which can happen sometimes in this kind of place and can feel a little too fake).
I recently visited Arte Salon and will never go anywhere else again!  Anastasia is a star, the salon has a warm and friendly feel - the whole experience was fantastic - thank you!!
Garrett Bryant. Perfection. I have been going to Antonio Prieto Salon for 10 years. Lets say Iv'e had a few cuts. Antonio cut my hair once helping out an apprentice. He really is a master and the best. That is until I met Garrett Bryant, Second to none. Meticulous. I understand now why Antonio  had him accompany him to Fashon Week. I have never felt prettier, random flattering comments are on a ridiculous scale. Walking down the street, cab driver  and everyone in my town loves my hair style. I will never let anyone other than Garrett  take the shears to my hair. He is a close to perfection as you can  imagine, but there is also a very honest caring person that comes along with the talent. A perfect combination. I dont think you can get any better  Cindy
Nozomi is great, she gives me the best haircuts n color. I usually bring in a picture of what I want  and I walk out with what I ask for. I get more compliments now on my hair than ever before. Even months after I've seen her, people stop me on the street and comment  on my hair. She make me feel and look beautiful!!! I am a loyal client for life.
GREAT little place! I was 30 minutes late for my cut appointment, but everyone made me feel completely welcome and comfortable. Sherene was pressed for time with another client coming in right after me, but still managed to give me a perfect cut and blowout. AND listened to every word I said, which is a priceless quality in a hair stylist. I would highly recommend Sherene and Arte in general! Everyone I saw walk out the door looked amazing!
Joe is the best. The place itself is lovely, on lovely little Elizabeth Street. I wouldn't go anywhere else. When Joe was away, Amy cut my hair. She's great too!
After my hair stylist of 8+ years left his location in Manhattan to open up his own salon in Queens of all places, the trek became a little tiring, so I was in need of a new stylist. After a few failed attempts with people's recommendations, I found Arte Salon through Lifebooker, and am totally sold. I went to see Tomoko a few months ago, and she was AMAZING. She paid so much attention to what I wanted, and made recommendations that would work best for my hair type. The vibe in the space was great too - and you feel comfortable and pampered. The only reason I removed a star was because the sweet woman who washed my hair seemed a little inexperienced and kept getting water all over my face and in my ears and seemed to have no idea that she was being so wreckless with that hose!
The first time I went there, I got a good cut, but the hair stylist didn't give me the cut that I asked for. The second time that I went there I saw Kate and she gave me the best haircut ever. I would always go back just for her alone.
I had a horrible experience getting my hair colored here. I asked for natural looking caramel highlights and ended up w/green hair! My colorist was more interested in socializing & gossiping w/others in the salon than tending to my hair. He just left me alone to sit for an hr w/out checking on me, even when I questioned if it should be taking that long he dismissed me. It was not fun hanging out there and the atmosphere/aesthetics of this very small salon left a lot to be desired. Of course he damaged my hair. I made it known that I was not happy w/the results and again he dismissed me saying it was just the lights in the salon (it was not!). The owner came over but in the end nothing was done to rectify the situation and I was left to attend my engagement party w/terrible looking hair. Thanks a lot Arte! Never again.
I am always apprehensive about trying a new salon but I was in the market for a new spot. I asked the receptionist (very pleasant) to make me an appointment with a stylist who does long hair. Tomoko was her name. Not only is she the cutest person in the greater Tristate area but the most attentive stylist I have ever had. She didn't force small talk but instead asked me every question under the rainbow about my hair history, daily routine, where i want it to be in the future and so on. After my euphoric hair wash, Tomoko went to work and 40 minutes later I left with a perfect head of hair.
I LOVE visiting Arte Salon. My original cut and color was with Tim but I have since been getting my hair done with Tomoko. She is adorable! We have become friends and I just love visiting with her. I never tell her what to do. She just "does her thing" and I never mind. She probably cut a bit too much off the last time but that is because I waited a while between haircuts and I wanted it to be healthy. I was not worried, however, as it has since grown back and I have no problems in letting it get to a good length. I trust her with my cut and color ever time and I will keep coming back. FYI: There are model specials and discounts available certain days of the week so be sure to check them out online prior to booking if cost is an issue.
I LOVE Cristin! She always gives me a great, unique cut, and is willing to try new things and change them if I don't like it at the end. She also always tells me to stop in later on in the week if I change my mind about a new cut (I never have, she's always done a great job) or to get my bangs trimmed for free before my next cut. She's good with curly/wavy hair, but I've also seen lots of clients come in with fine, straight hair. I also love the atmosphere of the salon, where each stylist is an individual, they offer you wine and espresso before your cut, and everyone is really friendly. The only downside: the salon just raised it's prices so I paid $104 for a haircut :(
Kate at Arte Salon IS actually an artist. I was incredibly impressed with how she cut my hair to match my face, and I can feel that this cut is going to grow out beautifully as well. I'm not sure I can ever go to another stylist again. I even told Kate that I was a very lazy person with my hair and wanted a cut that I could wash and wear, and she hooked it up. To top this, she gave me wine, her incredibly quick wit, and human comfort. She is one BAMF!
I brought a $60 voucher from Gilt for a cut and blow dry. The receptionist scheduled me with Anastasia. The staff was polite. They sat me down in Anastasia's chair and she began to compliment my hair. After that she said she wouldn't have let me dye my hair to the level of blonde I currently have. So this is a backhanded compliment? Uh... Ok? I smiled and said that I knew how damaging it would be to strip, bleach, highlight and color my hair. But this is what I wanted! She fluffs my hair and just shakes her head. Ok fine, moving on. She asked what I was looking for today and I told her that I wanted a trim that will give my long locks some shape. She explained what she was going to do but it wasn't clear to me. In the end, she said trust me, I know what I'm doing. Alright, I'll do just that because she's the hair professional. She sent me off to get my hair washed. That was blah. I sat back down in Anastasia's chair and she blow-dried my hair because that's how she prefers to cut. When she was finally done, she tells me how she hates blow drying hair in a jokingly way. Ok? But my hair looked great! She began to cut and I wasn't pleased with the end result. It was an mediocre job. I told her it was good because I felt bad for not loving her work. I went up to receptionist and asked how much is the regular price for the cut as we're suppose to tip based on the full price. She told me $110. Ouch!! I tipped her $25 and left $75 disappointed. I wish I could've walked out with a fabulous cut for that amount. I've had better cut and blow dry experiences for $40 or less.
I needed a haircut stat and the place I had previously gone to gave me waaay too many layers (a la Rachel from Friends, 1998) which were causing my fine hair to majorly frizz on top and hang limp on the longer bottom layers.  I picked this place based on the positive reviews and the fact that it is 2 blocks away from my apartment.  I asked for someone who is good with cutting long hair, and they gave me Nozomi. My first impression was that the shampoo sinks were the most comfortable I have ever experienced.  I've always wondered why they had to be so painful on your neck and apparently they don't have to be b/c the ones here are awesome.  I could actually relax and enjoy the super relaxing scalp massage she gave me. Most importantly, the cut.  I explained to Nozomi that I was unhappy with my last cut and she understood what I wanted and suggested how to fix it by bringing up the bottom layer.  She also cut my hair so that I could part it either in the middle or on the side, which is something I've never seen a stylist do.  She was very meticulous and didn't cut too much off which was important to me and I was really really pleased with the end result.  I usually can't wait for 2 weeks to pass after a haircut so it stops looking so "fresh cut" but she made it look so natural and it hangs perfectly.  And even though she cut off about an inch from the bottom layer my hair somehow feels just as long and the shape is SO MUCH BETTER than before.  Not to mention that Nozomi is a really nice and affable person who was very understanding when I was running a half hour late on a Friday evening (which I admit sucks).  Highly recommend this place!
I had a great experience with Tomoko.  I booked a last minute haircut appointment through Lifebooker.  The salon is gorgeous, and the staff professional and friendly.   I usually hate awkward chit chat during appointments, but Tomoko is so genuinely friendly that I found myself gabbing away.  She offered great suggestions for my haircut and realistic styling ideas.  My hair looks awesome and I will be back!
I used a coupon from Rue La La to get a Kerastase treatment and trim from Tomoko as a birthday treat to myself. She was just amazing. It was the first time in my life that I've ever stood up for a haircut. She is so precise! My hair has never looked more fabulous. So much so that I'm going back tomorrow (sans coupon) for Tomoko to work her magic again. I should also add that she is one of the nicest, warmest people I've ever encountered. I normally despise conversations while at the hair salon because I'm usually miserable from the wait or the heat and I am just not someone who enjoys being fussed over. Tomoko and I talked for the entire duration of my visit and it was great. I don't know anything about the other stylists but the atmosphere is pleasant. There's plenty of reading material and complimentary beverages are offered but not forced. For a girl who consistently rocks a ponytail, I actually enjoyed my time at Arte and the results which lasted for months. I should add that I'm Jamaican so I have at minimum, 3 different hair textures going on. This makes me wary of any hairdressers who are not Dominican but I feel safe with Tomoko.
I recently became a client of Arte through a friend who has great blonde highlights. We met for drinks & my stylist recently left the county for a health treatment & I desperately needed my roots touched up. I'm extremely particular about my color - extremely - as I have been getting my hair highlighted for years. I went for a partial highlight with Amy Meehan & a cut with Nozomi (Amy didn't have time to cut my hair & I luckily got booked with Nozomi). I had a great experience & Amy listened to all of my likes and dislikes for color and I asked her to basically follow the pattern & colors that I already had as much as possible & not to pull the color through each time as to not damage my hair. She did a fantastic job with the color - just what I wanted. Also Nozomi was excellent as well. She listened to what I wanted and gave me a great cut. Overall an A plus experience and I'm already booked to go back again. As for the salon itself it's cute and clean & looks like a house on the outside. Its very easy to get to. The receptionist was very friendly as well as everyone I came across that works there. I have been to many high end salons in the city & not only did I leave those places (Fekkai) unhappy - the staff was stuffy & pretentious. The best part about Arte is how welcoming and un-pretentious it is. I have found my new home. The prices are extremely reasonable and you leave there very happy & feeling beautiful. What more could I ask for?
This place isn't the cheapest, but the customer service in unparalleled. Joe, the owner, is incredibly friendly and goes the extra mile for customers. His haircuts are unreal; I feel I can go an extra couple of weeks without a new hair trim because he spends so much time getting the perfect cut. He once spent the ENTIRE hour just trimming my hair and only stopped when his next customer arrived. His comment? Well you have to stop eventually. The rest of his staff are equally awesome. I am always offered a latte if its cold or a glass of water if its warm!
Bought a coupon on Gilt City. HEard so many horror stories of people being treated as second class citizens with these money off vouchers..NO such problem here. Walked in and the ladies on the desk were charming..let me sort myself out as I was rushing from work. The whole place was super clean and gorgeously low key. I am not confident and I get very shy and embarrassed in hair salons  - and basically never GET a haircut - I cannot afford them and i feel all inadequate and un-stylish. Well  - I am transformed, Jeremy was doing my hair - REALLY listened to me and understood where I was coming from and what I needed - even though I didn't really know myself. He likes the natural look  - which is TOTALLY my preference so I felt more confident all would be well, but I am never sure until the finished results...I just have been given duff cuts SO many times,Was taken off for the hair wash with Domenica -utterly WONDERFUL too - thorough and indulgent and fabulous, gorgeous head massage and not too much chitchat - let me relax...WONDERFUL.. And then for the haircut. Jeremy does part wet cut and then does all the texturing when it is  dry   - he told me this - I would not have had a clue.. and when he gets on to the dry part of the cut you can really see what an artist he is - he got his whole body in to it and almost looked like he was dancing my hair in to shape!!!!.but anyway, the point is, he is WONDERFUL! I have long very straight hair. It is fine but there is a lot of it so I always feel it is shapeless and style-less, but I need to keep the length so I have been seeking a long style for EVER!... I now HAVE a style AND a shape and I have woken up today feeling utterly fabulous. And what is more, Jeremy has said I can go back for free bang trim. I have FINALLY found the place I will return to, It is not super cheap without the coupons, BUT nor is it super expensive and anyway -it is worth it! Everyone seemed lovely and I loved the whole atmosphere of the place, but Jeremy is the one I will be returning to! Thank you Jeremy - SO much! yOU ARE BRILLIANT!!!!!
