I've come back several times to work on painting ceramics and twice I brought my four year old niece. She had a blast painting and when the fun of painting wore off and she got bored the staff was awesome. They let her draw on the chalk board wall and when she got tired of that, the staff were talking to her and showing her other things she could play with (they have some dolls and puppets). I love how the staff engaged her in other activities so i could finish up my stuff. However please keep in mind the staff is not a babysitting service, it's great they engaged my niece and kept her busy but it is not their job to watch her, I kept my eye on her while she was talking to the staff and playing with other things. :) Any project I've painted has come back within 2 weeks, I've usually only had about a weeks wait for my piece to be fired in the kiln. I honestly cannot wait to get back and paint. With the holidays quickly approaching I know I will be back to paint some holiday themed pieces.
We just went yesterday and the staff working there - wow - so nice!  Tried getting a handprint and foot print of a five month old baby...  Not easy!  Can't wait for our finished project.  The place itself is gorgeous.  Great design aesthetics.  I have a feeling we will be back many more times.
We just had our son's 5th birthday party and Sandra and her team made it so awesome for him! The space is SO cute, airy and light, and its great because there is the backyard deck area which allows kids to run around while they are waiting for their crafts to dry. I definitely recommend this place for a kids bday party!
I come here whenever I need a distraction from the everyday norm. There is a wide selection of pieces to choose from and I often paint 2/3 pieces at a time. I really enjoy painting gifts for friends and the prices are reasonable. Great experiences with the staff and owner too. Bring your friends, your kids, or your date!
I came to this studio after learning about them on mommy poppins. After reading a few reviews I finally decided to visit with my Hailee. Once there we were greeted with a warm welcome which made us feel comfortable. My two year old felt like such an adult. She was able to choose her own ceramic as well as the paint colors she wanted to use for her ceramic piggy. Staff there is super sweet and the best part is they accept CC :). I can't wait to come back in two weeks to pick up my Hailee's master piece. Thank you so much guys can't wait until our next visit.
I took my daughter to this art studio during spring break and she really enjoyed herself. Its a great addition to the neighborhood! She chose to paint a ceramic piece. The studio provides everything you need for the activity. Paint, brushes, any supplies all for one price. You dont need to bring any supplies with you which is great. I like that the studio is more than just one of those paint a ceramic type studio geared towards kids. There seems to be alot you can do here like make jewelry, paint on canvas and take classes. And it looks like it would be fun for adults too. They had a schedule of workshops for every day of the week during spring break, I did not get to participate because I had work but we came in on "free" time which is where you can walk in and start a craft during business hours. The woman that worked with us was so sweet, I'm sorry that I forget her name but she answered all my questions about the studio. We plan to come here often.
This place is awesome! I've frequented twice in the last 3 weeks. It's a modern friendly establishment just across from Danny Browns restaurant (that's how I found it).  I painted 2 bowls using stencils, both came out great I ended up staying 3hrs and didnt realize how long I was there for. It's always packed with  adults participating in glass projects or kids painting or doing collages.  It's a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
Amazing place!!! Beautiful, peaceful and I loved the fact that there are different options besides painting pottery; like fusing glass and painting on canvas. As soon as we arrived, we got started. The young lady there was very pleasant and helpful. We weren't kicked out past closing time and were allowed several extra minutes to finish up. Would definitely return!!
This space is lovely, beautiful and just fun! Visited them when they opened to introduce myself and met the friendly owner. This shop is such a gem for Forest Hills as the studio is fully stocked for all types of creative crafts. Attended a kids pottery session with my daughter for her cousin's birthday, amazing experience and will return again. She painted a beautiful gumball ceramic piece that sits proudly on her dresser!
Awesome.  We were in NYC from LA over the winter and we were looking for a place to keep our 2 year old from going crazy indoors.  What an incredibly peaceful and beautiful environment for youngsters to create in and enjoy.  My only nit is that its in New York, and they don't have one in Los Angeles ;-)
it was snowing outside...  yet I was very cozy with my 3 girls at Oliloli painting away our pottery...  it was quite, serene, relaxing and just something cool and different to do with kids.  Annie and Sandra were gracious and accommodating. Kids loved their attention and gentile guidance through process.  As in regards to myself... I managed to reconnect with my childhood craftiness and surprisingly enjoyed it.  Be back soon...
I absolutely love this place. There are so many things to do. I have been here twice for two different craft projects (one for ceramic painting and another for making a glass pendant). First off, the prices are extremely reasonable (you pay for your piece, no sitting fee). The studio is beautiful and peaceful (a welcome change of pace after work), and the ladies who work there are very helpful and friendly, and you never feel rushed. The one tiny negative is it definitely takes time until your piece is ready (over a week). However, totally worth it and definitely my new favorite place to frequent!
