Love this place! Whether you're looking to buy a one-of-a-kind custom piece or just need some inspiration to redecorate your home - be sure to stop by Urban Design. Paul (the owner) is incredibly helpful and has a great story behind nearly every piece...I secretly want to be his apprentice one day :-) Nearly everything here is simply stunning. It's not always cheap, but as Paul says - it's consignment, so make an offer! You have nothing to lose.
If you are looking for design inspiration to do up your home and some truly one-of-a-kind furniture and home decor finds, this is a great place to start. Really loved some of the lamps and smaller pieces of furniture and definitely plan to go back and look around a bit more. The prices range from $300 for a lamp to $350+ for some of the smaller tables and accessories. They also have a great collection of vintage photographs and art. The owner Paul is really friendly and doesn't mind if your browse around to your heart's content. Definitely worth a visit. Also note, everything is Final Sale.
All around great place!  They really have a good eye for picking out interesting items and and I would highly recommend a visit.
Great shop. I would love to work in this loft all day. I am sure the owners would prefer we bought something while there, but we really just enjoyed checking out all they had to offer. The inventory was mostly higher end items. The owners truly have a good eye, and know how to price things. There are also items that are more affordable, and aren't necessarily "pieces." So whether you are looking for that unique, hard to find item or just need a new couch, I think this place is good spot to check out. I exchanged some emails with them regarding consigning furniture with them, but have not actually gone through the whole process. I will refrain from reviewing that part of their business for now. Either way, check out their shop.
This place would be any designer's dream and is perfect for anyone who likes designing and has a taste for art. The owner was very kind and helpful to us and appreciated all of our comments directed towards the shop (he even gave me the ornament that I loved for free!). The items available in the shop runs the gamut from small little miscellaneous items, to beautiful household pieces, and various pieces of furniture that I would love to furnish my house with one day. He doesn't carry your standard cookie-cutter items that you could find in any other store, but had some amazing hand made light fixtures that were truly one-of-a-kind along with a multitude of other items I could spend all day listing. All in all, a beautiful shop which I plan to go back to when the time is right.
What a find!  My husband and I came by this afternoon and ended up staying for over an hour.  We met Paul, the owner, and Jim, the artist who created the cool light lamps from old heating lamps.  Such nice people!  We had never been to the store before, and it was fun walking around seeing all the different items for sale.  Some are definitely conversation pieces and so creative.  This is the kind of place that you could go back to all the time, because it seems like their inventory will rotate.  Plus, nothing is in duplicate, so it really is one of a kind.  We bought one of the lamps and it is the coolest thing in our living room for sure.
This place was so much fun to visit.  The selcetion of furniture and accessories is ecclectic, unique, and outstanding.  Truly something for everyone and even got me thinking about different styles to add to my house.  Nothing cookie cutter about this place.  I will always check here first before I buy anything for my  house....You cant beat it!  Price, selection, great space, and great customer service!!! Im glad I stumbled upon it all the way from Somerset, NJ.
