Attended RSDM graduation here, Louise ck and other performances here  Parked in nearby surface lot for the graduation event.  Don't buy parking in advance for graduation events online because it's cheaper on the day of the event. Venue was great. Stage is great.  Seating was comfortable for the short duration we we're there for.   Park in the garage if security is important to you (it's Newark after all) & you are attended an all day/extended event. I was really impressed by this place.   ... Staff needs to be strict when it comes to  handling jabronies "reserving" an entire row of seats.  For the graduation event this dude wouldn't let anyone sit in an entire row because his relative's were  "on their way" , "their just parking", " they are in the bathroom ".  Even after the staff instructed him to pick a seat and let others occupy his " reserved " row, he didn't budge.  Kept making excuses.  They probably let it slide b/c it was a graduation event.
I've attended a number of events at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center including several comedy shows and also a few concert.s  The main hall is gorgeous, spacious and the entire building is clean, modern and well organized.  There are plenty of parking options for NJPAC including several indoor garages so getting in and getting out is super convenient. There is one restaurant Nico attached to NJPAC and it's really not that good and also nothing nearby which you can enjoy as the area around NJPAC is pretty dead so make sure to grab a bite elsewhere before you come to your show.
This is the first time I have been here. We had a two day conference the sound and ambiance is absolutely beautiful. Felt like we were at the Oscars.
I attended a Hall and Oates show here and the ticket prices were a little high. However, I thought it would be worth it, seeing that such a beautiful theater with updated acoustics would surely make for a great sounding show. I had stage left balcony seats and this had to be the worst sounding venue I've attended in my entire life. I'm an avid concert goer too. I felt ripped off and ashamed to have brought my date to a terrible sounding show. You could not make out the words, the drums and bass were inaudible. Sad sad day. I recommend the Morristown Mayo Theatre as an alternative.
Im famous. I come here to entertain the masses. Catch me on stage. There is always a line for autographs so catch me then.
A very nice facility! Saw a few shows here before, and this is also where some of the Rutgers-Newark Graduation ceremonies (where I was involved in one of them) were held. The seats were very comfortable. The staff people were nice, and it's close by to the light rail station.
A great venue for music and theater and commencement (I graduated Rutgers-Newark) all within the confines of Newark, NJ. Sometimes you forget you're in Newark when you're in here! Parking is not a problem, the staff is helpful, although a little more over attentive than I would like. Sometimes I wish more highly profiled stars would consider this place than the Prudential Center. It simply has more character and class. TIPS: Dont get seats in the nosebleed section, it's straight up vertigo!
I went here to see Fantasia live in concert on Valentine's Day 2014. The show was EXCELLENT!! The employees aren't the friendliest. The seats were decent, not too comfortable. But i did like the area we were seated. I enjoyed the show immensely. Money well spent!
How much do I love this place?  The staff (ushers and ticket takers) are so pleasant. The place is immaculate and  beautiful. I have sat in literally every section of  NJPAC's Prudential Hall from the orchestra to the top  tier rows and  the acoustics are great whether hearing the NJSO, Paul SImon or John Fogerty .  I always park in the Military Park Garage across the street from this facility and though the parking rate has now gone up to $15, it is still a steal compared to what I paid to park at the nearby Prudential Center lots ($30) during a Jeff Dunham show there last year. There is an Italian restaurant with a prix fixe theater menu here on the main level and a couple of spots scattered on different levels to get a glass of wine or a cup of coffee before a show. A class place to see any performance.
I'm actually pretty stunned as to how beautiful the NJPAC really is!  The first time I came to the NJPAC was when it first opened, many years ago.  Recently I came back to watch a concert and must say I was very impressed. The NJPAC is easily accessible, either by Light Rail (which you can catch at Newark Penn Station) or by car (there's an underground parking lot across the NJPAC).  The staff was professional and pleasant.  They were also very helpful in finding our seats after the concert had already started. Surprisingly, seats were still very comfortable, even after all these years.  The rows are elevated so you won't block the person's view behind you.  At first, I had a hard time when I got to my seat on the third level because it was so high up, but after a couple of minutes, I got used to it and it was fine. I wouldn't hesitate to come back anytime soon.
Not a bad seat in the house!! Beautifully put together. Maintained extremely well. Comfortable seats. When I went, there was Beer and Wine being served, but no liquor. I saw Pixies here and the sound and lighting were great. I don't know why they don't have more concerts here but they should, especially during the winter time when those outdoor venues aren't open. The Newark PAC is within walking distance from Newark Penn Station and there is a light rail stop right outside as well for people who aren't up for the 5-10 minute walk from the train station.
Terrific Venue.  Highly recommend. I'm writing this review and had to take away stars because of our experience at Tier 3.   A number of things went wrong with this place and the latest just hit. Let's start from the top.  It requires reservations and we had them for a party of 9.   The seating they gave our 9-person group was horrendous.  We had a table that sat 5, and then around the corner a table for 2 and around the other corner another table for 2.   We looked around and saw that tables of 8 were comfortably sitting together.  We could have had the same situation or been told in advance that they could not accommodate us. Once settled into our makeshift arrangement, we went to the buffet.   It wasn't great and light on the protein.  Think cold cuts and pastas, with cheese plate and salad. No big deal, but we had to flag down our waitress a number of times, which was funny because we were right near the entrance and the buffet and the bar.  Like a Bermuda triangle of help. Well, on to the show, after paying our check.  And here comes the 3rd strike.  Paying was tough as they took our credit cards (for the 3 tables) and didn't note what card went with whom and what.  2 of our party needed to wait a little behind to get this sorted out because they were handed someone else's card (not in our party).   I just received notice from another person in the party that they were charged twice.   Oh well.  As I said, great venue for entertainment.  Not so much for food.   Go to the other restaurant in the NJPAC center.  Been there and it's great.
This is a great venue. I came here to see comedian Gabriel Iglesias + had a fantastic time at NJPAC. Parking was $17, a little expensive, and it's located right next to the theater. The lobby is gorgeous, very clean, nice, and you instantly forget that you are in Newark. The staff was great, they were pleasant and helpful. The drinks are moderately priced, lucky for me and my fiancé, we got a bartender with a very generous pour and made us great drinks. Food and drinks that are bought in the lobby are allowed in the theater as long as there is a cap on the drinks. The theater itself is beautiful. I love the details and the seats were really comfortable. Our section was just below the highest one, and it was perfect for viewing the performance. The sound was great, the lighting was fantastic, and overall it was a great night. For the prices we paid for the tickets, the experience was well worth it. I will definitely come back here again.
Great location, reasonable pricing, and most importantly, spectacular calender of events, however, I woul like to see more artists during the course of the year. It's a great perk for Newark, and embraces global audiences.
Getting out of the train station was confusing, the tunnel seemed to go on absolutely forever, I found it rather strange that there were so many little restaurants (like a mini-city, there were even about a dozen Subway "sandwich" shops) but none of them had bathrooms... There should be signs closer to the terminal telling you how to get to NJPAC. Once in the hall, it is a modern building, reminds me of something you'd see on a college campus... The entrances are a little confusing, and they're understaffed, there were a lot of people waiting and waiting, the lines didn't move very quickly. Trying to find my seat was a pain in the neck. My tickets were for the rear row of the first tier, yet somehow it took 6 different ushers (each, separately pointing me in the wrong direction) before I finally found my seat.. Either the hall is confusing even to those who should be familiar with it, or nobody can read. The seats are comfortable, there's lots of leg room and elbow room, the view of the stage is good, and the sound is pretty good -- much better than Avery Fisher Hall! The performance was Beethoven's 5th piano concerto ("Emperor") and Bruckner's 7th symphony... The piano soloist was fine, serviceable... The orchestra's woodwinds were particularly strong, and I'd go so far as to say the double-bass section was terrific -- but I think the french horns weren't very good, there were a quite a few flubbed notes and many instances of disorganization... The timpanist was a hoot to watch, he reminded me of a mix between Sammy David Jr. and Gene Krupa. During intermission I went to the adjacent/attached restaurant/bar and had a Guiness, $9 seems a bit excessive, and it took the bartender absolutely forever to pour it -- even though it came from a can. On the walk back from Prudential Hall we decided to go on an adventure -- went to a chicken wing place, a barbecue place, and a fried seafood place (which displays extended erection products in the window, mysteriously) -- this may have been a mistake, because Downtown Newark is kinda scary and people actually stared at us, but thankfully we made it back to Manhattan safely.
I been here on a two occasions and this place is pretty and the chairs are comfortable which is very important to me. Since its not a huge theater you cant really get bad seats. My only complain is that there are no cup holders.
Dude, freakin BB King. Yes, that's who I saw here. The King himself. Bow before the King...and Lucille, of course! He, clearly, was beyond a 5 star performance and experience! But the center itself was quite nice, albeit in the lovely ghetto of Newark (I don't like the dirty jerz all that much to begin with, and Newark is definitely not my fave part of this state). Good acoustics, nice hall, comfy chairs, etc. I guess what really matters is who you are seeing. In this case, BB-freakin-King!! Wahoo! Still, one star off for being in Newark. Dude, it's Newark.
NJPAC is a really beautiful venue. I loved the crystal ball chandelier and the Christmas decorations. It seemed like a really high class place and I was almost wishing it was a few decades ago when it was routine to get dressed to the nines to go out. It was slightly annoying to have every single person tell us that we cannot take pictures or videos, some recognizing that we were of the younger crowd almost in a babying, demeaning way like "You knoow that you're not allowed to use your phones to take pictures, riiiighht?" I wasn't sure if I was supposed to be saying Yes, sir. I understand that it was a special request from the performers so maybe that's why they were so annoying about it. Nonetheless, I can't remember if any of these 4 or 5 people actually told us to enjoy the performance. Additional info: There was plenty of leg room in the 2nd tier. We parked in the lot for $12 across the street no problem.
We saw Ghetto Klown here on saturday it was so awesome. Johnny Legs is so friggin funny especially if you're Latino. Had my moms and her amiga dying from laughter. His show gets deep at times especially talking about his pops but overall a must see show. Very uplifting and extremely outrageous.
Wowwwww! I was absolutely stunned at my first visit to the New Jersey Performing Arts Center. It's gorgeous, beautiful, and modern. I don't know if the decorations were specifically for the New Jersey Symphony concert with special guests, the Canadian Brass, but the hall/stage was beautifully and festively adorned with Christmas decorations. I was also mesmerized by the beautiful star/prism-like chandelier hanging from the middle of ceiling of the Prudential Hall. I was surprised at how large of a venue it was - it's comparable in size to Stern Auditorium at Carnegie Hall with 2,705 seats (Carnegie seats 2,804). Similarly to Carnegie Hall's Zankel and Weill Recital Hall, NJPAC has two smaller venues: the 514-seat Victoria Theater and the elegant and intimate Chase Room that boasts a fabulous view of the City's skyline. I really didn't have any expectations for this venue, but I was blown away. The staff were all wonderfully friendly and helpful. Parking was fine - there are multiple lots across the road, but I almost wish that there were a huge parking area immediately surrounding the Hall than having to cross an intersection after parking. Regardless, it's a beautiful venue, great performances/artists, filled with enthusiastic audiences. Hope to return there soon.
4-5 stars for atmosphere. Beautiful place in the heart of Newark. I've been here to see stand-up acts, off Broadway shows, and concerts. The sound for concerts when up high isn't always the best. The theater is really nice and the staff is really helpful. The bar attached is a nice spot to grab a drink pre or post performance.
A great space deserving of a 4-star rating...if it weren't for the rude-tushied box office and usher peops...and the labyrinth-like backstage area.   I still recommend seeing anything at this venue.  I just add the recommendations of getting your tickets mailed to your house so you can avoid the box office...and by all means don't arrive within five minutes of show time since the ushers don't quite know the meaning of being understanding.
This is about as good as it gets for a concert venue. IMO, the acoustics are perfect and the theatre is about as classy as it gets...We had seats on the side in our own little area above the floor. You could see perfectly and you have a direct line to the bar. This is absolutely may favorite venue for a concert. Incredible...
This place is awesome! We went here for a reggae concert and the acoustics were phenomenal. The chairs comfortable with a good view from almost every seat in the house. Reminds me a lot of an updated Carnegie hall.
I was bummed when I saw my favorite band was playing at NJPAC because I favor smaller venues in the city that are GA (General Admission).... But as soon as I arrived at my seats for the Pixies concert I knew I had it all wrong.  Prudential Hall at NYPAC is a great venue, small but large all at the same time.  I had Orchestra seats (row R, seat 108 I think?) dead set in the middle but towards the back, and my seats were awesome.  Great view of the stage and the acoustics in this place are amazing.  I have been to rock shows in performing arts venues before that were a little stifled by the atmosphere of the space (Sonic Youth at Lincoln Center was meh), but not here, everyone was there to party and the staff were really accommodating.  NJPAC is really a beautiful space and I was seriously blown away with the amazing acoustics.  Transportation wise it's an easy walk from Newark Penn Station..... I'm going to be checking their calendar from now on!
Gorgeous facility.   Who need to go to New York? Spend your $$ in Newark.
Had a great time! The venue is beautiful and location is easily  accessible, parking was not a problem. Looking forward to attending my next event there.
Came here for an America's Got Talent live taping. Had a great time. Almost everything here was top notch. Easy to get to. Convenient somewhat reasonable parking (15 dollar flat rate) across the street. A restaurant and bar on location (Nico's) to sit and drink while waiting for event doors to open. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Bathrooms were clean. Plenty of elevators and steps to get up or down. Drinks inside the venue weren't all that bad. 5 bucks for a Heineken? cheaper than any concert venue in the Philly area. We had a 4 seat "box" on tier 3 that was nice for the most part. Chairs were comfortable and the sight lines were good. Only problem we had was the railing that was maybe a foot and a half high? Our friends were afraid to stand up for fear of falling over it. Seriously. Leaving was as easy as coming in.
surprised that this place doesn't have more reviews. Beautiful place with great acoustics. The symphony orchestra here is one of the best I have seen. Recommended if you are visiting the are and you want to avoid the New York PAC's
I had an amazing time here the the Performance Center! I came for the Legend of Zelda Symphony of the Goddesses! The venue and staff was great. I sat in the center floor area and had great view. Although looking around looks like any seat would be great. Each row Is slightly elevated to avoid someone blocking your view. The building seemed to be in a nice area too. I would definitely recommend this venue and to experience The Symphony of the Goddesses!!!
What can you say other than beautifully renovated and friendly staff. The only negative is that the parking is across the street, so when we had to walk to the theater on the one rainy/cold day in October, it kind of stunk.
Friendly staff...beautiful space. I have seen many Jazz shows here over the years. It is a good venue. Easy to find, park and get out. Can be a bit difficult to find good food in the area.
Beautiful theatre....did I mention beautiful ? Saw Cyndi Lauper in concert last night. It was a disappointing show because she played for a very short time. The ushers had no clue what was going on, nor they didnt know seat numbers, they kept staring at my ticket for like fifty seconds, as I told them, "Yes, I'm in the row I could find my seat".....they kept staring, it was very odd. They scan the tickets also to use the bathroom downstairs, I found that also odd, but otherwise, beautiful, lots of leg room, and great drinks...will come again
Getting here by car was a piece of cake. It is conveniently located right off of Route 21 in downtown Newark, and close to public transportation as well. There are plenty of good restaurants nearby. The spacious parking garage is right across the street ($12). Ingress and egress into the hall itself, and to and from our seats was quick and orderly. The ushers were polite and helpful. Prudential Hall is beautiful, with the air of an opera house. The seating is comfortable, with plenty of legroom, and unobstructed sightlines to the stage. I sat in the third tier, which was pretty high up. If you sit up beyond that in the fourth tier, you better bring binoculars if you want to see the performers, and God help you if you have acrophobia. The sound is good, although for a rock show, from where I was sitting, it could have been louder. Tonight's show was Bonnie Raitt and Taj Mahal, who each did a 40 min. set with their respective bands, and then they all played together for another hour. Bonnie is well into middle age, but still sexy as hell, and when she coaxed those glassy, sustained slide guitar notes out of her Stratocaster, it sent chills up my spine. In spite of the restrained and dignified sound level, it was a great show.
The New Jersey Performing Arts Center is a dazzling place.   We have purchased New Jersey Symphony Orchestra Concert series tickets for two years in a row, to a large degree because we like this venue so much.  The NJSO concerts take place in Prudential Hall, a spacious performance hall  with a great deal of warmth in its character because of the wooden panels and beautiful lighting.  NJPAC sits on the edge of down town Newark and is easily accessible with good parking, a nice restaurant, fabulous acoustics and a very affordable pricing structure.  For two people who had been so attached to the classical music and opera scene in New York City, we have transitioned to this new Center with tremendous enthusiasm .  It's a wonderful place to hear great music and do so with the greatest of ease.  No hassles getting into the city, into the Center, or into the mood.  Good-bye New Yok!
I came here to see a performance on a Sunday evening with my family.  I have to say that NJPAC is impeccably clean with professional staff.  However, if you sit on the upper tier, expect to walk up narrow stairs and be cramped with little room.  Those sitting in the upper level can take the elevator to avoid four flights of stairs, however they get jam packed as you could imagine.  Also, when leaving the theater there is only one door on each side, so it takes a few minutes of standing there to get out.  I would recommend that they put some screens for those seated on the upper level as well as a better audio system- I had a hard time hearing the performer.
Let me just say, I was NOT expecting such a beautiful venue in the middle of Newark.  I came to see a taping of America's Got Talent and although it looks much bigger on TV, it's a fairly large venue with comfortable seating and clean restrooms.  Drinks and snacks are overpriced, which is to be expected at any place like this.  Parking is across the street and didn't cost me my first born child.  Pretty impressive.  I am definitely planning on checking out future events here.
Great venue. Seats are roomy. Location is convenient.
One of my favorite venues in the world.  A huge upgrade from the NJ Symphony Hall of my youth.  Staff is great and the bookings are getting better every year.  The sound for any type of show (rock, classical, hip hop, comedy) is always on point.
Big, regal, bringing some of the most notable in performance and theatre arts to New Jersey. I love it!
Awesome acoustics for a medium-sized venue.  Do check out the NJSO calendar for its performance at this joint.  Parking is somewhat pricey, but the money you save on the tickets (compared to NYC prices) is great.  And the hall is absolutely beautiful.
I had bought tickets to see Gustavo Dudamel, my favorite conductor, conduct the LA Philharmonic at NJPAC because their two performances at Lincoln Center were sold out.  I wouldn't normally go to Newark for something I could see in NYC, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to see the LA Phil on this side of the country.   The ride there was ok... a relatively quick NJ Transit ride from NY Penn Station to Newark Penn Station.  Since we had some time, my bf and I decided to walk over to NJ PAC instead of taking the Light Rail.  Lucky that bf has a better sense of direction than I do, because there was definitely a feeling that not so good things would happen if we got lost in the area.  There are plenty of cops around, which is either a good thing or a negative.   I was seated in the Third Tier a few rows back near the aisle, and even though there was an overhang the acoustics were great.  The performance was great of course (Mahler 1).  There was plenty of leg room, the seats were pretty comfotable, and the venue was clean and new-looking everywhere.  I did appreciate the piano player who played in the lobby before the concert and during intermission, as well as the number of tall cocktail tables available in the My one major gripe is: who in the world thought having seating all in single rows (no middle aisles) in the upper tiers was a good idea??? I got some leg work in from having to stand up and sit down constantly to let people out.  Basically, if you're in the middle seats  in the upper tiers, please don't consume mass quantities of liquid beforehand. Overall though, it was a nice Friday night concertgoing experience. -
Beautiful venue.
Thank God I finally have something to recommend in Newark.  NJPAC is a short train ride outside of Manhattan and is the venue for some really great performances.  The sound quality is good (if not ideal) and the hall itself is visually very impressive.
FIVE STARS FOR KITAB ROLLINS, Programming Associate, and the other administrative staff at NJPAC for their graciousness, professionalism, and courtesy. Due to the unusual nature of my evening, I have 2 reviews for NJPAC.   Review #1:  DAVID BROZA. Mr. Broza is a musician who is talented with a guitar.  As a speaker, he is a total bore.  NJPAC did not make it clear enough that this performance(!) was a "conversation" (!),  not a concert.  MISTAKE.  This error could have ruined my evening.  After about 20 minutes,my  daughter and  I left to complain to the box office management.  Luckily and delightfully, I was offered either a refund or 2 complementary seats to see Liza Minnelli, which we accepted.   NJPAC staff had us graciously escorted, and the show was held for 5 minutes until we were seated. Review #2:  LIZA MINNELLI Ms. Minnelli appears to be suffering from asthma and COPD (emphysema), probably brought on from years of smoking.  She was gasping for air constantly throughout her set although near the end of her performance Ms. Minnelli's lung capacity appeared to be somewhat better.  She was clearly exhausting herself with the effort of singing. Even so, Ms. Minnelli still retains her youthful charm and enthusiasm for her trade which is very appealing.  I enjoyed her show and wish her the best of luck with her health problems.
I just saw Louis C.K. here with the hubs and another couple. From parking to leaving, it was a wonderful night. When we arrived I couldn't believe how pretty the building was. We all got a beverage and wandered to the Italian restaurant inside the venue. We didn't have time for a meal and their bar was packed, but my goodness it smelled delicious in there! Maybe next time... We went to our section on the 3rd tier (you can bring your drink!) and my husband had no idea he had bought box seats. Picture Waldorf & Statler from the Muppet Show ( youtu.be/14njUwJUg1I ). We were high up, but right near the stage. The hubs can't sit still, so while poking around the box he found an open access door which basically dropped down to the stage. Uh oh, that should probably be locked! He was already worried about falling over the railing, now there's 2 ways to kill yourself up there. Louis C.K. was taping his opening for a new HBO special, so it was neat to be a part of that. He even commented on how beautiful the theater was, (especially in comparison to what a schlub he is, lol). All of the staff were friendly and helpful. The acoustics were great. The bathrooms were clean. Leaving the parking lot was a bit of a wait, but we were in the back. I'm looking forward to seeing another show here, then maybe hitting up the Ironbound for some rodizio.
I've been here multiple times and it's wonderful to be able to enjoy such a wonderful venue time and time again. I've watched off Broadway plays as well as shows like Masters of Illusion and the pricing and seating value is incomparable to our neighbors across the river.  NJPAC is also easily accessible via Newark light rail as well as plenty of paid parking nearby. I'd recommend you come a couple hours early before showtime and explore some of the amazing eateries within a mile from this place in the ironbound. Also just a heads up, as of this review their restaurant is closed for renovations, I had a small snack from their tiny cafe which proved sufficient while we waited.
I enjoyed a Whoopi Goldberg show here.  It's a beautiful space with wonderful acoustics.  I generally dislike large concert venues, but not NJPAC.  The staff I encountered was wonderful, friendly, and seemed happy doing their jobs.  Another plus, event parking was only $14 - much cheaper than NYC.
Really beautiful and top-notch. I was very pleasantly surprised. They really should have installed a center aisle though. We were sitting in the middle of the row and had to disturb way too many people to leave our seats. I will go back though I have to say that I am worried about the neighborhood when I go to an event either there or at the PAC center (and I'm a city kid from way back). I wouldn't walk around alone.
As a life-long resident of NJ, I was very happy to see that NJPAC was nothing but quality.  The space is very intimate and wonderful for small gatherings.  There is parking near by and Newark Penn Station is a short 10-minute walk away.  I would look forward to making it back here anytime.
The NJPAC is as good as it gets  when it comes to performing arts centers. The acoustics are absolutely perfect. I've seen many performances there and not once could I find fault with the acoustics. The staff is very polite and helpful. Signage in and around the PAC is very clear making it almost impossible to lose you way. The theater itself is beautifully designed and views from the seats are unobstructed. The only negative I find is that temperature control is lacking. All in all a great venue.
This building is absolutely stunning, staff is helpful, and I thoroughly enjoyed the film screening I saw here. I stood around just marveling at the architecture for a while. This place is gorgeous and hosts some great events. Easily accessible parking (for a fee, of course), and a pretty darn snazzy restaurant on-site that serves a serious chambord cheesecake. Oh my goodness.
NjPAC is a wonderful venue to see a performer, an orchestra, a play or whatever. Parking is ample and reasonable, sound is wonderful, staff is attentive. If there is a negative, it would be that you still do not feel safe lingering too much after the show is over. The streets are barren, there is no nightlife.
Fabulous facility offering a terrific variety of entertainment. Theater is beautiful and service is top notch. I have been a member for years and consider this theater one of the true gems of New Jersey. Can find music of all kinds, dance, theater, comedy, drama, whatever you prefer!
Enjoyed West Side Story very much
I like NJPAC.  There, I said it.  They have an excellent variety of performances and the prices are cheaper than NY.  The seats are very comfortable, the crowds are courteous and there is a restaurant right on premises that is pretty decent. If you are late they have a flat screen TV which is showing the performance so you don't miss anything if you are late.  I can't complain about the size of the women's bathroom, it is larger than I expected (extra star for that).  The acoustics are good and it is not very far from the train station if you take a cab (or a nice walk in the summer).  The light rail stops right on the edge of NJPAC (another star for convenience).  And there is convenient parking which is about $15.  I am so glad that Newark has this place as well as the Prudential Center.  Things are looking up for Newark.  Because of NJPAC and the Pru center better eateries are starting to pop up as well.  I highly recommend this place.
Came here for a concert in October and had a wonderful evening. The venue is beautiful, the facilities are great, and the parking is reasonable and easily accessible. Couldn't ask for more!
