Honestly, I can't be happier I stumbled upon this place. I'm really anxious about new places and people, but when I went there for a try (never done MT before) it immediately felt like home. The trainers (and people going there as well) are amazing. They are very encouraging and helpful. They know their stuff and you'll feel it right away. I had been on a summer vacation and wanted to continue doing muay thai while in another country, but immediately understood how a bad choice of gym can ruin one's desire to get better or return to the gym at all... So, I really can't wait to get back to the King's next week. If you read this - just come in and try it, you wouldn't regret.
My whole body is sore = Great work out! As my first class and that I am a girl, I was definitely intimidated and skeptic about trying a Thai Boxing class.  But my friend Candice assured me that it would be fun and that she would take it easy on me as my partner.  Within one hour of class I learned to Jab, Cross, Kick and front kick.  I love that you get to work with a partner and instructors around you gives you great pointers.   I felt like I was having a one on one class.  This is not any ordinary class but a class where you can develop useful skills and technique.  The instructor Aaron is awesome, he is very motivating.  It was very moving to hear how a lot of people from their gym went to support their fellow gym mate at a recent match.  I definitely recommend this gym!  Everyone is very friendly!  I feel very motivated and can't wait for the next class.
Best Muay Thai gym I've been to (only been to two other ones but still...)!  There is something for everyone here, if your goals are self defense, get into better shape or even to compete Kings will support you all the way.  Coaches (Aaron, Andrew and Chien) are all top notch and competed (Aaron competed professional in Thailand for some time). The best part of the gym are the people, they are so down to earth yet push and challenge you beyond anything you can do on your own.  I would not only workout/train with people here but hang out with them outside which I think speaks volumes.   Additionally, they continually are improving on the facilities.  I've only been a member for ~6 months but since then they've added the following due to demand/need (additional locker space, strength and conditioning classes and new ceiling fans!) Your first class is free so I highly recommend everyone try it.  I don't have a martial arts background at all but feel it is a very welcoming environment
What an awesome gym headed by Aaron Fisher! A seasoned veteran in the Muay Thai world with a ton of fight experience in Thailand! Aaron is a master technician who has a real talent for training first timers to pro fighters.  They have a strong fight team and are always competing on the big shows here! I highly recommend!
King's is one of the best martial arts gyms I've been to in years of training across styles. The location is prime (36th St. and 5th Ave. is as good as it gets) and the facility itself is pristine, with two floors that are well equipped for pretty much anything you could want, including weights and a small ring. The instruction is terrific for those at all levels. The students are diverse, with active fighters and newcomers all working together much of the time. It creates a good environment to help those newer folks feel comfortable and to push the more experienced folks to get better. Despite being a newer place, it is run professionally.
Came here for a free first class. Everyone was super friendly and the instructor knew what he was talking about, and was good at actually instructing and helping his students. The place looks really new, looks like they're still adding new classes as they go. One general changing area in the basement, with showers. They have some weights, heavy bags, battle ropes and cardio equipment in the basement also, which i guess you can use after class when theres another class going on upstairs. They have a (what i think is a full size) boxing ring in the back. Their pricing model is pretty good; a bit less expensive than what I've seen elsewhere. If you're looking at muay thai schools in the midtown area, check this place out. They offer your first class for free (just send them an email to schedule the class). It's worth it.
Kings Thai Boxing is the best Muay Thai gym in New York City. The teachers are top level, extremely experienced, and always deliver fun and challenging classes. Aaron Fisher, the head instructor, has a great attitude and cares about the development of each student. The staff is fun and friendly, they do a great job of making each member feel welcome and appreciated. There's  a strong community amongst the Kings members, who are supportive to new students and help encourage each other. I've only been training a few months and experienced students are always open to giving advice and support. There's a full weight room in the basement, plus changing rooms / showers. The entire gym is cleaned every night  and always kept in pristine condition. Kings has been steadily growing and adding classes every couple of weeks. Now go forth, take a FREE trial class, and become a member of the best gym in NYC!
This gym is legit. I've checked out other gyms and martial arts schools around here and in Florida. The one on one instruction they offer is excellent. They emphasize technique above everything else. Great school!
Kings Thai Boxing is an awesome gym!! seriously really great... here's why: 1. Excellent coaching - the head coach Aaron Fisher is an experienced and skilled pro Muay Thai fighter. He has the perfect balance of a focus on technique, conditioning and physicality. 2. Strong Community - great mix of experienced fighters and newcomers who are hungry and friendly. Camaraderie is huge at Kings! People support other fighters from the gym, and have great attitudes when training. 3. Good facilities - clean gym, weight room, good equipment. 4. Growth - not only is the number of members joining quickly growing, but the management of the gym are dedicated to improving the facilities and the services they offer to gym members. 5. Advanced Techniques & growth opportunities - if you are a fast learner you can accelerate quickly from being a beginner to working advanced clinch and sparring. If your goal is to fight amateur or professional, Aaron can get you there.
I meant to write a review a while back but never got around to it. Was going here on and off until I felt completely disrespected by one of the other members, and one of the staff. I know everyone else seems to like it there and that's fine. I liked it there until that point. But I had a totally different experience. When I cancelled my membership and told them what happened. All the guy gave was cliche response of "sorry to hear about that." Never going there again.
I went to Kings Thai Boxing for a Free Trial Class and it was great instruction. The School is amazing and has everything you can look for in a Thai Boxing school wheather its simply to get in shape or to learn the Art of Thai Boxing or join there competing Kickboxing Team. I highly reccommend anyone looking for a Thai Boxing School to go check out Kings!
Several months ago I joined this gym after trying out the trial class. I was instantly hooked. At the time I weighed 202 lbs, and found it hard to cut despite all the running and kettlebell training I put myself through. Months since joining I'm sitting at a fairly lean 180lbs at 6'2" with zero muscle loss. If anything I got stronger, my punches, kicks and overall technique are all clicking. It's a very intense and real training. I grew up with a few years of old school martial arts training under my belt in high school, and can appreciate the training I get from kings.
This is gym is the bomb. Everybody is cool egos stay outside at the door never on the matts, the head coach is Arron he's an awesome instructor + he is an experienced fighter that has a ton of knowledge and has trained over in Thailand. Hands down great place to train there's variety of classes you can attend from as early as 12noon till the last class I think it is at 7:30. You will find all that is needed if your a fighter looking to fight or a total beginner just looking to get in shape.The gym also has a downstairs space were the men's & women's locker rooms are located and yes they have showers and lockers to stash your stuff away, besides the changing rooms theres a separate space which is also used to train in strength & conditioning which is run by coach Gavin/Zach/Naomi it's a great addition to helping you build up for a fight or just getting you strong for everyday life. Good luck on your journey !
Hands down, my favorite Muay Thai gym in NYC. I've been to numerous fight gyms, and attended a lot of Groupon classes at other gyms for kickboxing, boxing,  and TKD. Between my friends and I, we've seen a lot of what the city has to offer, and King's is top-shelf stuff. Whether you're looking to just get in shape, a devout martial artist, or a competitive athlete, Kings Muay Thai has the most to offer. Kru Aaron Fisher is by far the most knowledgeable Muay Thai coach in New York City. Very technical, patient, supportive and attentive to each and every student. Bad habits and forms will be quickly address and corrected. He is also very blunt and extremely honest and is not afraid to tell you that you have bad form, etc. Old habits will die fast here. The training floor and ring is well sized and there are tons of classes a day so that no single class is overcrowded. They are very friendly to beginners here; you will be taken aside with other beginners to learn proper technique on how to punch and kick. This is no walk in the park, so expect to be sweating before you're done. I really appreciated the time they took to correct my mistakes from the beginning. Also, their evening classes are very accommodating to people with day time jobs. First class starts at 6:30 and the next is at 7:30. Giving you ample amount of time to make it. It is also surrounded by major MTA line -N,R,Q,F,B,D,M. It's also right next to Macy's Herald Square and on GROUND LEVEL.   The gym is very clean and immaculate, the staff are friendly, inviting and extremely courteous. Although King's just opened two days ago, I am a huge fan. The early bird special pricing is definitely a steal and worth every bit of your money. I am extremely excited and fortunate to be a member of kings, and looking forward to the growth of the gym, as well as the exciting programs to come. I advise any one interested, beginner to intermediate alike, please come in and try a trial class. Awesome!
After a 6 month lay off, I have to say I had a really good class this past Saturday. Both instructors were really clear and knowledgable in explaining foot work and small details for throwing a good punch. Form above all else was stressed. Good sign of proper coaching. Signed up right away. Great location. Huge space. Can't wait for the rest of the gym to be completed. Good place to learn how to fight or just to get in shape.
if you want a great work out with a great instructor, this is definitely the gym to go to. the staff are friendly, knowledgeable and, most importantly, extremely passionate about the sport. they work hard to keep the gym neat and clean because this is where they train as well. the instructor is equally passionate and is the kind of teacher that takes the time to make sure you are doing things correctly. i joined as a very beginner, having never even taken a boxing class before and i never felt like i was a out of place at this gym. hell, i didnt even know how to jump rope, but aaron (the instructor), pushed me to stay with it all and slowly but surely, i am getting everything down (jumping rope is still hard). classes are coed and its easy to find someone on your level to partner up with. on top of providing top notch classes with multiple time slots, they also sell gear! one thing i learned is that you cant just go out and buy quality muay thai gear. they need to be ordered and can take 2-4 weeks to arrive so being able to purchase them at your gym is a bonus. there are lockers and separate changing areas for males/females and they are planning to expand to the basement shortly so get in before this gym gets over crowded!
Took a free intro class this past Saturday. Cool and spacious facility and extremely friendly staff.  I've taken classes at other places where it's a bit unwelcoming especially for beginners but none of that here.  Be prepared to sweat your ass off! It's much better than training on a hamster wheel and if you have a high stress job this is the perfect outlet, hitting something.
I love Kings Thai Boxing!!!  I went originally because of the high reviews and the location is extremely convenient.  I started out five weeks ago as a total beginner, and I'm addicted.  I normally get bored working out, but Muay Thai is fun and different every day.   Aaron is an unbelievable teacher.  Starting on day one, he makes you feel welcome and makes sure you actually understand the fundamentals of the moves he is teaching.  Even as a female, I never feel out of place or that the moves are impossible.  I also have never sweat so much in my life.  The guys that work at the desk are hilarious and the other boxers are friendly and love helping you get better.   In just a few weeks, I have slimmed down, gotten into better shape, and my punches and kicks have become stronger.  They are adding more classes because the gym keeps expanding.  The locker rooms are finally complete, which is beneficial for returning to work after the lunchtime classes.  There's also weights, a treadmill, and some punching bags in the basement so you can train/workout outside of class.  No matter what kind of shape you're in or your amount of experience in Muay Thai, you will get a great work out at Kings Thai.  The price and the quality of the instruction can't be beat, and there's nothing to lose with the first class being free.
I'm a new member and i think Kings is a great place. I love being there, and always look forward to going back. The teaching is superior with special attention given to proper form, and conditioning. Aaron has a lot of integrity in his Muay Thai practice, and it shows in his teaching. He is eager to share what he knows and he does it from his heart and soul. He genuinely cares about everyone that walks in his door. The strength and conditioning coaches are equally excellent. The facility is super clean, the vibe is urban, young and totally New York. All are clearly welcome. As a newcomer I am constantly welcomed every time I show up, and experienced fighters are eager to help me in any way they can. This place is a gem. And New York is lucky to have Kings.
I've been training now at Kings Thai Boxing for over a week now and its been nothing short of a great experience. The instructors have been excellent & attentive and the facilities & equipment are top notch (there's even a boxing ring inside). I'm a bit of a clean-freak and I love how this place keeps things impeccable when it comes to cleanliness. If you are looking for a place to learn/train muay thai at any level or just get into great shape doing something fun and challenging, I would highly recommend Kings Thai Boxing
I stopped by for their 2 hour free seminar last Saturday and the place was packed.  I partnered up with a stranger and began going over drills from Aaron the instructor.  He was very detailed with his instruction pointing out details "Extend your punches!" or "Roll your hips over into the kick!".  I got a great workout and decided to sign up.  It's been about a week and i've attended 2 more classes which I really enjoyed.  Nice new facilities and cool training partners.
I have previously trained at two other gyms here in NYC (Five Points and Coban) but this is by far the best instruction I've had in Muay Thai. If you're interested in getting into shape and general fitness any of the Muay Thai gyms in NYC can accommodate you. All you need to do is show up and take classes on a consistent basis, but for me, I was looking to improve my skills and technique in Muay Thai. For that you need to go somewhere where the instructor is actually making sure that you are doing it right every step of the way. Kru Aaron Fisher does exactly that. Sometimes to the point of nagging you! He is tireless in his efforts to make the rounds to see what each student is doing and making sure that the technique is correct. This is something obvious but missing at other gyms in my opinion due to size of classes or motivation of instructors. If you are serious about learning the techniques correctly, improving your skill and, of course, getting fit, Kings Thai Boxing is THE place. Additionally, the staff and other members are all chill and cool people. Not a place for meatheads!!
Where do I start? I'm a little bias because Aaron helped me train in the past, & I felt the best I ever was and I won my fight. Great coach, training partners, location (NJ Path, Penn station, NYC subways). I also like the facility. Especially the private section in the basement with mats, bags, weights, conditioning equipment to have some alone time. They also have showers. I trained all over the city for Muay Thai/BJJ/MMA and this training is great. Coach Aaron helps everyone's technique and fitness at all levels. I trained at other locations in the past and thought I knew Muay Thai/ kickboxing/boxing - I was so wrong. Aaron taught us like we were in Thailand. I learned so much and keep learning. He will help cater to your style or improve it for you fighters out there. For a fighter, he can train you like a pro if you want, but prepared to sweat and work hard. Aaron knows how's to red line you based on your ability and how you feel that day. Stand up and conditioning have been my best with Aaron and team. This place is a home away from home and welcome you as a family member. The staff are great. If you want a good cardio workout your good to go (any level). If your interested in competing, be prepared to be pushed and learn from the best. Aaron is the Greg Jackson of Muay Thai. Aaron also MMA experience too. You'll learn how to box and learn foot work as well, but you'll have to put in the time. Aaron will prepare you physically and mentally if you want to fight or currently a fighter.  Go ahead and try different gyms and see for yourself and see what's good for you. If you want to get ready for a fight and want to improve your stand up and have conditioning as a back up then this is the place for you fighters. If you want to he ripped for the beach then this place is good for you too. I hope they have a children's class in the future because I'd love for Aaron to teach my kids.
I just turned 32 last month and decided I need a change in my life.  I want to be younger, healthier, and more active and proactive.  I decided to try something new and out of my comfort zone.  Kings Thai Boxing opened recently near my office, the staff giving out flyers outside were really friendly so I thought I would give it a try.  A free class can't hurt (or can it in a good way?).  And when I say out of my comfort zone muay thai boxing is really out of my comfort zone!  I am a skinny wimpy girl so I was a bit intimidated but everyone there was so welcoming. I enjoyed the class so much I decided to join.  The prices are very reasonable for the city.  They sell gear and drinks without price gouging (many places in the city charge so much!). Aaron the instructor is amazing.  He's informative and always pushes me to do my best and to push a little more in every class.  He encourages me to give 110%.  His instructions are very detailed and clear which is good because I have no idea what I am doing! The owners and people at the front desk are super friendly.   It's a small place so you get a lot of personal attention.  The facility is extremely clean and neat.  Like the last reviewer said, the staff are really passionate about Muay Thai boxing.  They are there to share that passion with you. When I joined they welcomed me into their family.  This is going to be the kickstart I need for a new and healthier me this summer!  Kings Thai Boxing is the best Muay Thai gym in the city.
