I've studied and tried a bunch of different forms of martial arts throughout my life. Hands down Krav Maga with KMI has been the best. The training is the most effective, efficient, and challenging I've ever experienced. But that isn't what makes these guys the best: The instructors are amazing. The instructors are enthusiastic, motivating, and really know their stuff.   I tried this school after training at another Krav school for a couple of months. I actually left the induction class with KMI thinking it was the best class I've ever taken. They make everything fun and interesting, it's not just repetitive boot camp drills. The training incorporates real-life scenarios and practical techniques. Unlike other martial arts and self-defense systems, there isn't strict hierarchy; the older students are open to help from anyone else, the new students are encouraged to take on advanced techniques from the start. The instructors are open to questions and will always stop to break things down for you if you don't understand. I couldn't recommended it enough.
This is really more like a 5-star review - the only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it's hard to review when you don't have a lot to compare to - I haven't tried a lot of other krav maga or mma or martial arts schools (not like rating restaurants when you've tried hundreds). What I wasnt' looking for - 1) a place with instructors that do a lot of yelling and try to be intimidating, yes, some people like that motivation - I don't, 2) extremely challenging warmup/workouts, i.e. squats with someone on your back (read that about another place in a review) or a glorified boot camp type class - learning technique is the real goal, fitness is secondary. Fortunately, I didn't find either of the above.  I had two instructors - Patrick for the induction class that is mandatory and Eugene for beginner and all level classes.  Both nice and very approachable.  The induction gives a good overview of krav maga, history, theory and practice, and provided a good framework for how classes would be conducted.  Classes have an active basic warm up, a lot of core focus, that is challenging but nothing crazy (for reference - I go to a normal gym regularly, so active, but not a super-athlete). They also incorporate some striking and subtle connections to techniques that will be taught in the class.  Beginner level classes teach from bare bones basics, teaching striking techniques and proper form, i.e. elbows. The all level class was focused on krav maga techniques (defense and combatives, presuming you know how to execute the combatives correctly).  From my experience it seemed in these 1.5 hour classes (beginner and all level classes are 1.5 hours, upper level 1 hr) you learn two techniques during the session.  They are shown in full and broken down move by move.  You do drills related to each part and practice them piecemeal and then as a whole.  First you do the moves without a partner (attacker/defender) and then you practice them with a partner.  It is very thorough to make sure you have proper form/technique executing it at each phase and in full.  I appreciate learning in this detail and gaining the understanding behind the movements, how and why they work and making them work with your body.  I think the classes are very well run and also with safety kept in mind. A lot of partner work and you have to trust your partner, maybe you won't always like working with everyone, but that happens anywhere.   The classes I went to averaged ~10 students (though at the induction we were told beginner level classes run around 15-20 and the all levels a little larger but then they might have more than one instructor). Mixed group of 20 somethings, about 50/50 male-female. It is comfortable environment for women to train in. Everyone seemed serious about their training and learning, there must be a level test coming up, because it seemed several people were preparing for it from what I gathered (couple students talking about training together and others asking questions after class). Month to month membership is a huge plus too. Class schedule is convenient. No hesitation in recommending KMI.
Great locations. Amazing instructors. Simple, intuitive system that allows people of all body types and heights to be able to learn to defend themselves is what makes this school for me a must for anyone interested in keeping in shape and also learning the most efficient self defense system I know. Recommend it a 100%
When I decided to learn Krav Maga I wanted my training to be by with an organization that is the most up to date I could find. Since Krav Maga is a self defense system that is constantly developing and refining its techniques I knew that KMI was the right one. Its is a branch of IKMI who's head instructor Avi Moyal represents the highest ranking Krav Maga experts in the world. This offers me the best tweaks to older or new techniques that come up as they are developed world wide and in the field. These standards are carried out at KMI along with amazing instructors who all bring their own unique talents to training. But above all it is their lead in the state of Krav Maga that makes me so excited to know I am learning the very best of whats out there and not just some private institutions take on the system which may or may not be connected to the lasted tested advancements in the system. The New york director Patrick is also always available and takes the time to listen and discuss any concerns or questions regarding training, schedule, advice, etc. One feels part of a family that cares and appreciate its students interest in the institute and makes me feel that our passion as practitioners is what motivates them and and inspires them as instructors. Passion is what brings out the best of the best and it is this vital component that gets passed on to the students at KMI beyond just knowing you are getting the very best training out there.
Krav Maga is the best self-defense system in the world, and the IKMF Krav Maga school in NYC is unparallelled. The instructors are experienced working with all types of people, on all experience and fitness levels. They are passionate about self-defense and are truly dedicated to helping everyone learn. The class sizes are small enough to offer individual attention to each student. One thing that makes this school unique is that the focus is squarely on practical self-defense techniques. This is no fruity cardio-kickbox class! I attended this school for over a year, and I learned something practical every session, even my first one. My fellow students are supportive, so we all work together to improve our skills. I would recommend the Krav Maga Institute especially for women. The self-defense techniques you learn here are specifically meant to work in favor of smaller people, and there are plenty of other women here, so you'll feel comfortable. It's also inexpensive, a great value especially considering all you get for the price.
I have been a member for about nine months, but I have really been going in earnest for the last six months.  It is unbelievable how much I have gotten out of the training.  Prior to training in Krav Maga, I had no clue as to how to defend myself - I have never studied any sort of martial art (unless you count a month of karate when I was 8 and one trail jujitsu class as an adult).  I believe KM to be an extremely effective way to learn how to take care of yourself, if the need arises. But why KMI, you may ask.  Well, the instructors are uniformly quite good and thorough.  The classes are conducted very effectively.  What is also really cool is that no matter what size the class is, there is always some (or a lot) of individual attention - the classes are never overly large though.  In addition, there is a good emphasis on the fundamentals (e.g., always search!), and there is an appropriate pushing of you to the next level. KM training is also a good workout.  I have found the people in the classes to be of various levels of fitness, but everyone gets something out of the class (I am a bit of a fitness nut (I usually workout at least six times a week)).  In other words, it is great training for those looking to be fit and can be challenging enough for those who are already quite active.   I am really glad that I gave this a try nine months ago or so, and I am ecstatic that I remain enthusiastic about it.  I try to schedule as many classes as I can, given the constrains of work and family.  I highly recommend KMI!!!
Some people train to look good, we train to kick ass. I joined The Krav Maga Institute almost a year ago after a scary incident while jogging in Prospect Park. Krav Maga is the best, most practical and realistic self-defense system and after a month of it, I was hooked. This school has some of the highest ranked instructors in the nation and they're incredibly dedicated to teaching you the tools that could potentially save your life. The instructor team has also done a great job cultivating a sense of community - I've met some really genuine people while training at this school and I found myself attending class 3-4x a week because I was just having such a good time training with my new friends. The Krav Maga Institute is also affiliated with IKMF, which is the largest Krav Maga organization operating globally. After your first test, you will get a passport which allows you to attend workshops, seminars and classes worldwide. I've had the opportunity to travel and train with IKMF teams in London & San Francisco for free. You're going to gain a peace of mind. You will be challenged but you'll feel stronger and more confident because of it. You will also make some really badass friends. As I'm coming up on my one-year mark, I couldn't have asked for a better experience and I can't wait to see where my Krav Maga journey will take me.
A year ago when I first started Krav Maga at KMI, I had intended to take only a few classes and thought that once I had learned the basics of how to defend myself I thought that I would stop. That was not the case at all. I went through my introductory 5 class Group On package in the first month that I started taking these classes. Then I joined the monthly membership and started taking up to 4 classes per week. The main thrill for me is learning the skills and techniques to get myself out of life threatening situations. Virtually any situation that can put yourself and others at risk, you can defend yourself against and these moves don't necessarily require brute force. This is great for someone like me, a small petite woman. It's empowering to know that I can learn to take down a much larger man with a few simple and effective moves. The best part is that the instructors are extremely dedicated to helping you learn the moves properly. They won't let you take short cuts but at the same time they will be patient and encouraging if you are struggling with the moves. This has really become my Krav Maga family and is something I would recommend to anyone interested in learning self-defense.
I took my first class 2 years ago with apprehension. My worries were quickly dispelled when I saw that the instructors maintained a supportive environment where inflated egos were not tolerated and where students of all fitness levels were welcomed. It then became love at first fight. Krav Maga Institute in New York City is very dedicated in delivering high-quality, affordable and practical self-defense training to it's students. It's affiliation with the IKMF ensures that the techniques are as relevant and as effective in real-world situations as possible. No other school in New York City has this certification or has access to some of the nation's most highly experienced IKMF instructors. Aside from the techniques, training through this school builds endurance - mentally and physically. Getting fitter and stronger, as well as growing in confidence is simply a byproduct of attending these classes. You'll be surprised by the challenges you'll overcome and feel safer having the knowledge of how to defend yourself or loved ones in a dangerous situation. Locations are in various locations throughout Manhattan making it very accessible to travel to, especially after work! Classes are comfortably sized so that instructors are able to focus on individual students and help out with any questions, while keeping it large enough to keep things interesting. ;) Overall, my experience with Krav Maga Institute has been a tremendously positive one - an experience that to this day continues to challenge me and push me to be the best person I can be.
I currently train at the Krav Maga Institute in California and from time to time I travel to New York and train at this gym. I absolutely love all the instructors and all the classes they offer. Not only am I learning self defense but getting fit at the same time. I recommend anyone looking for a gym to at least try the Krav Maga Institute.
For two years, I flirted with the idea of trying Krav Maga, but admittedly, I was intimidated by the notion. I thought for sure that I would walk into a class, feel completely out of my element, and make a fool of myself. When I finally got up the courage to give it a shot, I went to my first class at the Krav Maga Institute of NYC, and by the end of that first hour, I was completely hooked. Krav Maga itself is empowering, motivating, and challenging in the best way possible, but what really sucked me in were the people at KMI. The school is like a big family, and they welcomed me in with open arms. The instructors are warm, patient, sincere, and dedicated. When I train with them, I know that they are pushing me hard, while understanding my limits, and that they are ensuring I am as safe as possible both in the class setting and on the street. While the instructors would have been enough to make me feel at home at the school, the students proved to also be kind and supportive, and in training with them, I have gained many wonderful new friends. I could not have asked for a better setting to take on learning this new skill. In the time that I have been training, I have not only improved my ability to defend myself and gained confidence and strength, but I have also gotten in the best shape I have ever been in and improved my general lifestyle. Taking up Krav Maga, especially at KMI, has hands down been one of the best decisions I have ever made, because what started as a hobby I timidly attempted has morphed into a passion that drives me to be a better, stronger, and more independent person.
I have trained with Patrick Lockton and many of the instructors at Krav Maga institute, New York City. They offer first class self Defense training. Patrick and his team are skilled and decimated instructors. I highly recommend Krav Maga Institute!
I train in Krav Maga in California and trained with these guys while visiting NYC. Everyone here works HARD! The students work hard, the instructors work hard. It's awesome to see. There's an awesome community and they all train with great technique. I definitely recommend KMI if you're looking for a way to build up real self defense skills and confidence!
WOW! Josh ROCKS! I took the induction class, a pre req. From one class i am very impressed by the friendly professional and attention from the Instructor, Josh. It was kind of awkward in the beginning like everyone was in kindergarten meeting new faces for the first time. Very weird in the way girls teamed up with girls and guys with guys. Gees i didn't know were still in first grade! Ladies, serious grow the F up! Guys CHILL OUT! Anyhoo.. Lucky me i was left without a partner so the instructor and i teamed up, he handed me a big ass cushion to hold to my chest which reached from my chin to my knees and began to show everyone a technique which was a kick to the groin followed by 3 punches to the chest. After a couple kicks i said "ouch", the instructed said "I'm sorry did you ask something" i said "yeah OUCHHHHH I'm a guy not wearing a cup!" lol it didn't hurt that much but just a sting. Everyone was laughing. The class was fantastic Josh could not of been a better instructor. From this 1 hour class I'm hooked! signed up for their monthly membership. first class is tomorrow! I'm PSYCHED!  ill update in the future with more details and maybe my first yelp pic or video. ADDED- 2/19/2014 This class will put you through some rigorous training. Recommendations: Mouthguard, Wrist wraps, grappling gloves, ankle supports, men get a cup, women get a pelvic protector, bring a bottle of water, comfortable workout pants you can move around in, simple t-shirt will do, Sneakers that you will only use while training. All this is for training. I didnt think these were all that important till my 2nd class, lesson learned. Instructors are awesome very helpful dont be embarrassed to ask a question during a training exercise thats what they are there for. Friendly people, but i do have to say one VERY IMPORTANT thing. For the love of G-D GENTLEMEN PUT ON SOME DEODORANT AND MAKE SURE IT HAS ANTIPERSPIRANT!!!!!
I saw a promo on LivingSocial for 5 classes at Krav Maga Institute, and I thought I'd give it a try.  That was about 1.5 years ago, and I've been hooked ever since!   I had previously trained in Muay Thai and had done my own research of other martial arts out there:  capoeira, boxing, Brazilian Jiujitsu, MMA... all great martial arts, each with advantages and disadvantages, but I felt that Krav Maga was the one that checked all the boxes for me.   Among the strengths of Krav Maga that resonated with me were: (1) It's a highly practical self-defense system. (2) It's easy to learn and you can be effective from even just the basic training. (3) It teaches striking, getting out of holds (chokes, headlocks, bear hugs, etc.), and surviving once the fight ends up on the ground, whereas the other martial arts focus only on one or two of the three. (4) The emphasis on awareness and surviving real-life scenarios, such as multiple attackers and being in a street/bar fight.  (5) When the situation requires, it encourages the use of high level of aggression and employing all means (i.e. even stuff considered illegal under competition "rules") with the goal of getting home safely and live another day. In terms of teaching Krav Maga, KMI is absolutely top-notch.   The instructors are among the very best and highly-ranked instructors in North America and are affiliated with IKMF, the largest Krav Maga organization in the world.  They are also incredibly patient and incredibly detail oriented, so students like myself are able to truly learn under an encouraging and positive atmosphere.  Speaking of students, there is so much camaraderie, support and friendliness inside and outside of classes that I can truly say that the institute is one big Krav Maga family!  I've met a lot of interesting people at KMI and making new friends in the process is icing on the cake. I also love that there are several locations available (Downtown, Midtown and Upper West Side) and there are classes almost every day of the week, so it is easy to fit classes into my busy schedule.  The prices are also very competitive compared to other places, plus with the amount of hard-core cardio and conditioning involved in each class, I don't feel the need to enroll in a gym any more.  All in all, I'm glad to be a part of the KMI family and I just wish I had discovered it sooner!!
I have known and had the pleasure to train with many of the instructors at KMI NY and have always been impressed with their ability to connect with so many students from diverse backgrounds and make the subject of self defense through authentic Israeli Krav Maga so easy to comprehend and retain.  They teach the real deal at this school, not some watered down, out of date aerobics version. If you want to learn how to protect yourself and loved ones, this is the place to do it.
I've trained at several Krav Maga schools in the last three years, and KMI is definitely the best. The classes are fun, and the format makes it easy to learn. More time is spent on learning technique than other schools I've been to (versus focusing on fitness), so you get better, faster.
I've been training at KMI over the past year and a half at all the locations with all the instructors from the institute. The techniques being taught are slight variations of on a natural response to a threat with a slight modification that can be the difference in the real world. Each instructor brings a slightly different take on the same technique which really helps to internalize it. The classes are structured well giving a solid cardio/strength workout and time to practice the techniques. The more you do it, the better you get. The better you get, the more you love doing it.
After training in Krav Maga for 5 years in a very reputable school in California, I moved to NYC and was looking to continue my training here. However, I wanted to make sure that I won't get taken for a ride by so many schools that claim to teach the "real" and "true" and "original" krav maga, whereas all they do is just milk you for $ and teach you some stuff they saw on youtube. Afterall, with your life on the line, you should invest in the best training out there. After observing just one class with the Krav Maga Institute, I knew these guys were the real deal.Here are the reasons why I decided to sign up for classes with the Krav Maga Institute (KMI) 1) Instructors are highly skilled, approachable and extremely dedicated to teaching you the most effective and efficient self-defense skills without any fluff or tough guy attitudes. I mean they will push you and push you hard, but they will will lead and guide you every step of the way. Every instructor on their team is certified by the International Krav Maga Federation, meaning that they are held to the highest standard of quality by the official organization that has been certifying instructors around the globe since Krav Maga made the transition into the civilian training. What really struck me is that the KMI instructors are extremely attentive to all the students and will not take any shortcuts because they know that it is our safety that is on the line here. The also make safety during training their priority and will not cut corners in terms of safety requirements. Every student is expected to wear groin protection, a mouth guard and gloves. Higher levels where full contact sparing is involved will require full protective gear. It makes sense, as the only rule of Krav Maga is "Don't get hurt and don't hurt your training partner". 2) Classes are extremely affordable. Monthly membership is just a fraction of the cost of what some other schools in NYC charge. They also keep the class size relatively small and have multiple instructors assisting in the same class, so you get plenty of attention and feed-back. 3) Multiple locations in the city with simultaneous classes on the same day make it easy to fit krav maga training even in the busiest of schedules. They also offer 1-on-1 private classes for people who can't train in group classes because of their travel schedule. 4) The student body is made up from some of the friendliest, cool and supportive people that I have had the pleasure to train with. You will make great friends here! I mean this should not be your primary reason to join, but it is a great benefit not to deal with people with enlarged egos and other attitude issues. 5) If you are unsure if Krav Maga is for you, they also offer a no strings attached induction class that every student has to take before being allowed to take regular classes. I think this is great because they give you the option to test it out before you commit. The membership options include month-to-month plans, no joining fees or paying half-a-year ahead! In the end, this is a very solid school that offers more bang for the buck, including both the quality of their staff, locations, student body and affordability! You will gain a peace of mind while also getting in the best shape of your life and make awesome friends!
Two and a half years ago I decided to finally get into Martial Arts again. I had already practiced some Taekwondo and Judo when I was a kid; unfortunately not much of what I had learned remained and I knew this was an opportunity to try something new. After a bit of research I stumbled upon a system that didn't look like anything I had seen before. A little time went by and the documentary on Krav Maga that I had watched stuck in my mind. I decided to go for it.    Rather than a Martial-Art in the traditional and competitive sense of the term, I was looking forward to training in a system that truly revolves around self-defense.The CQC (Close Quarters Combat) aspect of Krav Maga really impressed me; more specifically, the techniques dealing with armed attackers. I called up the school and went to check out a class in the following days. Although I wasn't officially a member yet and had only gone that day to watch the class, the instructor immediately included me and offered me to participate. The first class cemented my interest. It dealt exactly with some of the points that had made me curious to check it out. I remember it very clearly: the subject of that class was defending against a straight stab. I was very impressed with the technique and although what I learned during that one hour was advanced and required a lot of practice, I felt like I went home having learned something new. I couldn't wait to train more.    As time went by I started to realize there was a lot more to Krav maga than what I had originally thought. Behind every technique lies a group of recurring core principles that have a lot to do with fighting psychology and decision-making. Students first train to recognize different possible scenarios (mugging, knife or gun threat, abduction, third party protection) and then act accordingly in order to get out of the situation alive. This means students will always be encouraged to either de-escalate or altogether avoid the conflict whenever possible. One of my instructors once explained that the school is not there to shape thugs, which is something I appreciated as a non-violent person.    Sometimes conflict is unavoidable unfortunately, and classes prepare students for just that circumstance. By slowly increasing the level of intensity in training over time (time being the key word as no beginner will be thrown in a group of trained fighters and told to fend for his or herself), practitioners learn to deal with stressful situations without getting overwhelmed. On top of having a practical real-world application, this is a great stress-reliever as well as a confidence booster. I always feel good leaving a class that required a lot of physical and mental effort.    The actual curriculum is dense, as their are many techniques for many situations. However Krav maga is based on natural reflexes and was developed to be easy for everyone to learn. As they progress, students will find out that techniques build on top of one another, and that new material actually closely resembles something they have learned during one of their earlier classes. This is what makes the learning curve so accessible, and more importantly, satisfying.    The class environment is a fun, social experience. Instructors pay close attention to every student's physical abilities and mental state during class to make sure that everyone is learning and having fun doing so. I have always felt encouraged and motivated and this positive rapport has kept me coming to class and pushing forward in my training. It is also interesting to see people come from so many different backgrounds to have this shared experience. Martial Arts schools in general are great places to meet people and make new friends.    It will be three years in October since I started training at the Krav Maga Institute and I have nothing but good things to say about the experience. On top of getting me in better shape, it has had a big impact on my confidence in everyday life. I have also made friends with some very diverse and fun people and I look forward to seeing new faces.
Krav Maga is awesome! If you're thinking about getting into it but are still unsure, here are a few reasons why you should get off your @ss and do it! -It ain't easy - Nothing worth doing is. Krav Maga will test you physically -and- mentally. You can do it! If you stick with it, you'll transform your body and sharpen your mind. -It's a great outlet - Life isn't always rainbows and sunshine. Especially here in NYC...Stress and frustration build up and create huge amounts of energy in all of us - so take that energy and be productive with it! Had a rough day? Let it all out in training! I guarantee you'll feel better after class is done. -Krav will build your confidence - Yes, you will learn an effective system of self-defense and you will become more confident in your ability to protect yourself and those you love, but it doesn't end there. Krav Maga will build in you an unwavering "can-do" attitude which will have a great effect on many different areas of your life. Personal example: My job is freakin' crazy, demanding, and stressful as all hell. When I begin to feel overwhelmed, I remind myself..."Hey! You do Krav Maga. If you can do -that-, then you can do -this-. No problem!"...and then the task at hand literally becomes no problem. It's great : ) In what areas of your life can you use more of a can-do attitude and a bit more confidence? -You'll learn new things and meet new people - Make your life more interesting! Break your normal routine and go to an induction class. You'll be happy that you did. I really cannot put into words how glad I am that I began training : ) It's helped me become a better person. What more can you ask for? -Mike G.
