Lovely museum, but don't expect to learn a ton about New York City. The exhibits are interesting, but a little tangential to the city itself. The film they show and suggest as an introduction to the museum is quite corny and really glazes over 300 years of the cities history; It was what I expected of the whole museum but I was pleasantly surprised by the exhibits. Loved the summer beer exhibit (great for dads and boyfriends) and the vaccine exhibit was great too.
I am dying to give them a well deserved FIVE stars. Only little issue is the admission. Apart from that, they are wonderful in every sense of the word. They have pride in their city that never translates into exceptional arrogance.
I'm glad I finally went after many years of promises to myself.  Go with an open mind and you will be surprised.  Frankly, wouldn't want to give it away, but don't expect to compare it to something else.  Enjoy it for what it is.  Also, don't leave without seeing the short 20 minute video, and stay and have some wine or a beer in their lovely cafe.  Glad to see some other "I can't believe its taken me years to discover this" comments...as I am surely one of those folks.  Also, there is a small but delightful museum for children on the basement level, but as a grown adult, I found it unique and appealing.
Somewhat in the shadow of the Natural History Museum next door, this is nonetheless a wonderful museum in its own right. I happened to visit while they were between installations, so they gave me 1/2 off admission since there was less to see. Gorgeous building (and I love the statues of Lincoln and Frederick Douglass on the steps) Even with limited exhibits it provides an excellent history of NYC, with many artifacts laid out in a visually pleasing way. Do make time for the introductory film showing in the theater--it's as fine a documentary on the city as you'll ever see.
Incredible museum. I came for the "AIDS in New York: The First Five Years" exhibit (which was fantastic) and stayed for the entire exhibit, including the incredible collection on the top floor. I cannot believe I've lived in NY this long and have never been to this GREAT museum that is right next to the American Museum of Natural History. A must check-out!
Will not let you take photographs inside- regular camera, camera phone even w/o flash. Would not even let me take a photo in the lobby of the ceiling piece temporarily by Keith Haring. It's ironic because all the Haring pieces are originally public art which are now under lock and key. Will not be coming back.
.
Inside and outside was so visually captivationg. Visited yesterday .. its newly renovated, better, and even more up to date. 4 huge  floors of  displays with narrative and materials, immacutely preserved artifacts,computerized touch screens, jewelry,furniture,a hint  nyc musical theatre history, sculptures,various exhibits on some of the international population that is the fabric and pulse of all that is NY. I actually really loved the way it was so accurately inclusive to the NYs immigrants.  Of course it had Sept 11 pics and info, and other poignant ny history moments.The exhibits were informative, and creative Then in the auditorium there plays an epic film every half hour, that not only had suround sound and visual mosaics that incorporates & blends with the presentation of the film.The documentary showcased the city's history from slaves building wallstreet , workforce and working class, the art history as well as touched on some of the popular music and political notable moments of nyc evolution . what a pleasant shock the film closed playing "NewYork" by Jay Z & Alicia Keys
My 13 year old son and I spent a delightful afternoon at the New York Historical Society. The movie about the history of New York was beautiful and fascinating. Every exhibit had clear and cogent presentation   My son said it was one of his favorite days in New York.
This is a great place to go site seeing and learn about history. It's a great place but compared to the museum of natural history nearby there's clearly no comparison. Still a worthy visit for an interested out of towner that has already seen the museum of natural history already.
As a publicist, I know I've scored if I get my authors into the NYHS for a reading.  Fantastic exhibitions, lectures, and a supportive team to boot.  Check in with the website to see what's going on, it's a brilliant way to spend an evening.
If you're a history buff, the NY Historical Society is the place for you.  Founded with the intent of preserving NY's historical patrimony, it holds a library and a museum.   Under the admirable guidance of Ken Jackson since 2001, it has increased its exposure both as a resource for educators, its most regular visitors, as well as an unusual stop for tourists.  It's current *landmark* exhibit on slavery is not to be missed; it ends March 26, 2006.
Ahhhh the New York Historical Society, I love you. *This review is for its library only.   Despite the remodel going on in the rest of the building, the library remains open and the workers manage to keep the place free of construction noises as much as possible.  I enter from the delivery entrance at 76th St and they take me to the library through the freight elevator after putting a "visitor sticker" on my shirt.  Before I get into the library, I am asked to strip myself (okay, this part is exaggeration) and check in everything I have, meaning bringing only what I need, sans any bags.  I usually have tons of lotions and tissue paper and water and phone and wallet and papers and pencils (no pens) and accessories that come along with my laptop.  They just won't let you bring a bag inside, even if it's a clear plastic one, because of security reasons (minus one star).  I love my books too, so I totally understand and respect their policy to keep everything intact and available, I do wish that they give me some kind of tray to keep my goodies from traveling from one place to another.     Anyway, it all feels so exclusive and secretive after the trouble and obstacles to get into a library, but it's all worth it.  I get inside the main room and immediately am marveled by the classical architecture - the walls of paintings, curled staircase, extremely tall ceiling and remarkable skylights.  I breathe in, the smell of old books, 'tis a wonderful smell.  I settle on a table, plug in my laptop to one of its many, many floor outlets and get my free wi-fi on.  Awesomeness!  I love that not many people know about this place and it's never crowded.  I sit here all day and get my shit done.   I haven't used their resources, but have seen people just request materials from the staff and they would deliver the books/periodicals/mapbooks/papers to your table with bookmarks at the pages!  My guess is, they must have a huge archive in a back room that is inaccessible to the public.  This is definitely heaven for history paper writers.  If only I could get the same level of service back then when I was in college, maybe I wouldn't have procrastinated as much!     Come here to feel cultured and to get some work done!
It's a small museum, I know. But I was really impressed by the 18 minutes long film about NYC history in the auditorium on 1st floor. It's very well presented and displayed with the special effects of 8 hanging panels. Probably it's the best short film I had ever seem about the glamour of the city. The audio effect is just excellent too and well compliments the entire story revealing. To whomever designed this, excellent job done!
A wonderful little museum with impeccably curated exhibits that are always interesting and informative. The current Beer Here exhibit is a real winner, because there's beer for sale at the end of it.
How have I never checked this place out before!?! Back in December I visited the Grant and Lee exhibit and was very impressed. The tour was very informative and interactive. I definitely learned a lot and was entertained. Go!
Really cool museum.  A lot of interactive features including a movie (The History of NY, which is awesome).  I really enjoyed the WW2 in NY exhibit.  Plus if you go on the first Saturday or Sunday of the Month and have a Bank of America Credit/ debit card, admission is free.
Gorgeous cafe inside.  But the museum itself I zoomed through than less than an hour.  Cute and great place to learn about NYC.  Maybe I should have gone when I FIRST moved here...Btw healthy vending machine in the children's area i.e. $0.50 odwallas!
Came here on a free admission day.  i must say the movie they show was excellent! i thought id fall asleep but the facts they give and the way they present it was amazing.  bunch of different projector screens going up and down to go with the movie.  it was only around 15 minutes so it kept my attention.  short and sweet.  definitely worth watching.  going downstairs is the kid section.  very interactive and educational.  upstairs was more artifacts.  i liked the gun display.  just so happens the day i went someone was having a wedding so they were setting up for that.  probably a curator or someone who just really loves museums.  overall, the movie was the thing that really sold me on this place that separates it from other museums.  def worth checking out for a few hours.
This is a GOLDMINE! What a resource, I found family records dating back to 1812 here, imagine! And the helpful staff could not be more,uh, helpful. And the collections! What a treasure trove. Do not miss this place, a true find.
I liked the film on NYC.  However, the museum was a bit disappointing.  I would've preferred more New York history, photos, exhibits on different time periods or neighborhoods.  Upstairs, it reminded me of House on the Rock in Wisconsin, a somewhat macabre display of numerous items in glass cases.  The artwork wasn't displayed in good lighting either.  The gift shop has a lot of unique New York items though.
decided to check them out on their pay-what-you-wish Fridays, which only lasts two hours and is far less than what you need to really explore this place. I really loved their interactive panels on the first floor that give more in-depth information about the artifacts on view. So cool, and I've never seen anything like it before. I also love the artifacts built into the floorboards. Their exhibit of 9/11 photographs was really touching: no matter how many times you see these images, it still hits hard. The upstairs Luce Exhibit is so dense and detailed, it feels like you'll never see it all. The setup is very reminiscent of The Met. They also screen a short film called The Crowd up here that's worth checking out. Also check out their short movie about the history of NYC. I dig the three dimensional feel of the movie screen as the panels rise up and down. I've yet to see the entire fourth floor so I'm definitely making plans to come back soon!
Came on a Friday night, which is "pay what you wish."   Even after the recent renovation, the website didn't give the impression that there'd be that much to see here.  WRONG.   Fascinating hodgepodge of artifacts that were clearly carefully chosen.  The room on civil rights, with just photos, is powerful.   Seeing actual slave shackles made for a child--powerful.  They also have the actual guns used in the duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton.   Didn't get to see everything and will definitely be back.  While I couldn't figure out the ties between a lot of the exhibits, the overall theme seemed to be "man's inhumanity to man" and it gave me a lot to think about.
Excellent exhibit choices that are well planned and great for transmitting information to adults and children!  Admission price is reasonable and the museum seems to be in good shape.
The museum just open again after $65 million remodeling of the entire place. It look really clean and it is just like a maze inside. There were tons of things to look at and even have a section for kids. There a gift shop and a new restaurant that is opening up in December called Caffe Storico under Chef Jim Burke. The museum is the oldest in NYC back until the early 1800 hundreds. I am going be here quite often so more to come.
Incredible. No trip to manhattan can be without visiting here. One of the greatest museums in the city! Lots of great info on NYC's role during the American Revolution. A true gem that even native New Yorkers don't know about!
You can learn so much about New York and it's history here. This place has amazing exhibitions and give great lectures. The staff is incredibly informative and great to speak with. They answer all your questions and it never seems like they get irritated with anything. It's amazing. If you love history, and want to learn more about things that occurred in New York. There is free admission so never worry about that. This is a great place for kids 8 and up, as they can learn a thing or two about historical figures, and New York. As a matter of fact I need to go back, haven't been in a Long while...
Love the movie on nyc history, the exhibits (esp history of beer in nyc), the restaurant, and the building.
i went to the new york historical society today to see their new exhibit, grateful dead: now playing at the new york historical society. i had to go see an exhibit put on by the museum whose last exhibit was lincoln: the most beloved president new york ever hated. this exhibit was smaller than the other two exhibits i have seen there. very concisely laid out and stepped you through how the grateful dead revolutionized the music industry with their interaction with fans and sound engineering, and control over their music. the memorabilia was really neat.  most of it had never left the grateful dead archive at the university of california santa cruz.  what i found most surprising were all the fan letters that the band had saved.  these fan letters were quite elaborately decorated.  the grateful dead did the best to eliminate unauthorized merchandise.  what i found interesting though is that some of the authorized memorabilia was first recognized when it was unauthorized.  they recognized and enjoyed the importance of the feedback from fans.  i loved that they had a grateful dead concert poster from hill auditorium in ann arbor, michigan where i went to college! a very thorough, eclectic collection that will be sure to please any dead head or more amateur viewer. times visited: 3 time in museum: 45 minutes overall: B+
So much good information. Go for a special event day.
Worth a visit!  The exhibits aren't large, but well put together and you can actually absorb what is presented, rather than being overwhelmed.  FDR's first 100 days was super.  Lincoln in own words was, too. Definitely go to the 4th floor and see their "Displayed Storage".  A marvelous idea.  Instead of hiding away their thousands of items - amazing collection of Tiffany lamps, for instance -  they are presented behind glass on shelves.   The admission price for adults is only $10.00 - a good deal!
Really is a nice way to spend an afternoon. Just loaded with so much to see ranging old maps , paintings to Tiffany lamps. They had Lincoln's signed copy of the 13th Amendment which great to see.  I haven't been here in about 20 years and wanted to get back after the renovations. It was worth the trip. The staff goes out their way to help you and a nice little gift shop although I wish they more to offer.
Interesting exhibits....but need to take a tour with a docent to get the most out of the place. Many informational talks available. If you like history this is a museum of substance. No entrance fee when we attended last Saturday but not sure if that's the norm. I would go again because I did not get a chance to see all the museum had to offer.  Underated and underadvertised. If you are interested in local history and New York's part in it, I say this is a must go....
The Library is amazing and the reading room is beautiful.  They also have a nice gift shop with very personable staff.
I rate 4 stars, but it has been sometime since I have been there.  I saw on the website the exhibits they have and was ready to go.  CLOSED UNTIL SEPT. 15th.  Bad luck, but I live close.
Every time I see those Tiffany lamps I am astounded by their beauty; and each time I view the Bear Dance I laugh like an idiot. That bear having to pee is hysterical. Especially enjoyable was the New York movie. I had tears in my eyes and felt a special pride in being one of the millions depicted. This is a first class museum. You will know our city that much better after your visit,
One of my most favorite museum in NYC. 1) They allow you to take pictures of the museum. I hate when museums do not allow you to take pictures. Enjoyed that freedom. 2) They have excellent exhibits and permanent collections filled with paintings, sculptures, and artifacts. 3) If you come Friday from 6-8pm, it is "pay as you wish." 4) Also, they show free movies on certain nights.
Very recommend to all those who want to extend their knowledge about the history of New York and it's people. The guided tour was amazing, but I find it too short. And the price of entrance could be a little cheaper. Overall - very nice place, a must to all you history geeks!
What a gem! It's actually about half a block from the Museum of Natural History and it is much smaller, but not any less interesting. It's better maintained and historically accurate? I don't know, the exhibits at the Museum of Natural History really need to be updated. I don't want to have to walk through dank hallways nor do I want to watch video clips about DNA research from years ago!! Update it!! Sorry for ranting. These are some of the exhibits that are being shown at the Historical Society: "Madeline in New York: The Art of Ludwig Bemelmans" (until 10/19/14) I loved Madeline as a child because she was far more charismatic and courageous than I ever was (or still am) because she pooh-pooh'ed the tiger at the zoo and braved appendicitis as a young girl! Happy childhood memories came rushing back as I looked at the many paintings and drawings of Ludwig Bemelmans. They were extremely vibrant, whimsical, and fun. There were also many pieces that were New York themed; in fact, Madeline was first conceived in Pete's Tavern! Children and adults were also given an opportunity to read some Madeline books while sitting in armchairs in front of a faux fireplace. "A Brief History of New York: Selections from A History of New York in 101 Objects" (until 11/30/14) There were a select number of objects here that were a slice of New York: a subway token, the silver throttle that powered the first subway trip, a Spaldeen ball, the iconic bodega coffee cup, etc. "The Works: Salon Style" (until 2/8/15) This large room's artwork was hung salon style in front of calypso blue walls. It was interesting to see how pieces were organized by size and subject. There were no descriptions or artist names next to each piece, so it was purely visual and beautiful. Notes: - Adults pay $19 (!!!) but a Yelp check-in will get you $3 off the admission price - Pay-as-you-wish on Fridays 6-8pm - Free on the first weekend of each month for Bank of America cardholders - There is a library inside, but it's closed on Sundays and Mondays - A children's history museum is located on the lower level - The fourth floor permanent collections section is closed until December 2016 Likelihood of another visit: In a few months, yes!
Recently saw the Ludwig Bemelmans exhibit here. It was fantastic. The Madeline exhibit was phenomenal and his other works were impressive too. His illustrations and stories bring back such happy memories. We sat on a couch in the reading room for a bit and read Madeline too each other in different accents. The museum feels light, spacious, and airy, and wasn't too crowded on a Friday night. Friday night's from 6pm to 8pm are pay what you wish. One thing I didn't like is security kept barking orders on where to go in the museum. They did it several times. It got annoying  However, I will definitely be back to see there other exhibits including the Chinese American exhibit going on until early 2015. Unfortunately the Madeline Exhibit ended on Sunday, but the museum itself has a lot to offer. "And that's all there is--there isn't anymore."
Needs to get a new publicist... Went to see the Ludwig Bemelmans Madeline exhibit.  It was great, but will probably be over by the time you read this, so "ce la vie".  The "101 artifacts of NY" is also very good, and worthwhile, and I think permanent.   I've never been to this museum before because most of the exhibits are about things like: James Audubon Bird Paintings, the Civil War, Old Portraits, Civil Rights Movement, Victorian era toys, Revolutionary War quilts, etc.  None of which interests me much, well,  certainly not enough to shell out $19 for admission. Now comes the interesting part, if you're still with me.  Hidden in plain sight on the first floor is the world's rarest coin.  The only privately owned 1933 Double Eagle $20 gold piece.  Wait, stop laughing.  This coin which sold for $8m in private auction has an incredible history as explained in the Smithsonian Channel documentary (which I found on the web after returning home:  tune.pk/video/3560301/hu…). I only researched the coin after seeing it on display.  I wish I'd done it the other way around.  Seeing it only really becomes interesting when you know the amazing history. I've no idea why they don't play this up.  It's not mentioned on the home page of their website.  It's got no recent press and there is no signage out front touting the coin.  No one is huddled around it trying to get a glimpse.  It's like their publicist is trying to keep it a secret. P.S. My kids are grown so I didn't see the Children's Museum so I can't comment on that.
September 2014 - the $3 off admission Yelp coupon is no longer valid. It was for a former exhibition. Yelp should remove this offer.
I've been here twice. For a museum that is relatively large and right next to several tourist attractions (Central Park and the Natural History Museum), this museum is not that well known. The first time, I followed around a very informative tour guide who was most helpful on the third floor, which is crammed with artifacts in glass cases with rather sparse signs. If I had gone through the third floor on my own, I wouldn't have known a lot of the background of these artifacts, so I would definitely recommend going with a tour guide. The tour doesn't actually cover everything in the museum, so I would be willing to go on a tour again with another guide to cover other artifacts that they deem interesting. To be honest, I was expecting more of a comprehensive history narrative from this museum, but the museum is actually more based around temporary exhibits focused on a particular period of time, such as the Armory Show special exhibit and Gilded Age portraits exhibit. These exhibits featured art from that time period as opposed to the artifacts that people lived with back then. Overall, this is not worth it for tourists, but come visit if you've long exhausted the larger museums in Manhattan.
How come no one ever talks about this museum?!? Its freaking awesome! It may be overlooked because it is relatively small and unassuming next to the National History Museum. I went with one of the kids I babysit. I tried to convince him to go to the Nat. History museum because I love them Dinos. I'm glad he was insistent on coming here otherwise I would've never known it existed. This museum is entirely devoted to the rich history of New York. They also have one of the best interactive kids-museums I've ever seen! Great for kids, great for tourists, and great for transplants and native New Yorkers who want to learn more about their city's history.
I literally had no idea this existed until this past weekend. No joke. A friend was mentioning it and I was kinda listening - and then she asked me to go to see the current AIDS exhibit. I cannot tell you how often I apparently walk right by this place without even noticing it. Anyway, let's get to the good stuff! Upon arrival, it's clean, not overly crowded at all and beautiful. The staff was accommodating and knowledgeable. We started by entering the theater to watch the short movie on New York. So glad we did. I loved it! It's so intersting to see how this great melting pot of a city go to be where it is today. From there, we went upstairs and took a good bit of time examining all the artifacts from long ago. They have an impressive collection and you can see even more boxes and crates of things in the back. I must go back b/c I'm convinced they have to switch stuff out regularly. After that we made our way down through to the AIDS exhibit. I really have to say, I was blown away by this exhibit. It was a lot larger than I expected - maybe not so much in size, but content. We were there for over an hour reading and watching each video clip. It was so informative and interesting and sad all at once. I thought they did a tremendous job at putting that together. We checked out the rest of the museum, there was a 1930's exhibit which I happened to enjoy on the first floor on the way out - but I rushed through it due to how long everything else took - I was starving!! Do yourself a favor and add this to your list of must-visit museums!
I feel compelled to upgrade my rating to five stars after receiving the Winter/Spring Programs & Exhibitions catalog.  What a *superb* selection of events - and the exhibits sound particularly good.
This is easy to overlook and I realize many people who've gone to museums in New York for years have never been here.At present it has a lovely exhibit of Audubon paintings.It's a little helter skelter but there are alot of interesting items here.Loads of Tiffany lamps, Abraham Lincolns head, relics from the Burr - Hamilton duel and some great quilts.Many paintings including alot of Asher Durand and Thomas Cole.It's time for you to go!
If you're interested in the history of New York City, this is the place to go. While it may seem small, if you get on and read everything there is to be read, you'll be in there for hours. I particularly love the touch screens with all sorts of information about specific areas such as the arts, fashion and economy. Takes you 30 minutes to get through one screen then you move onto the next, like i said you'll be there for hours. The movie they show is brilliant and ensures you will fall in love with NYC! On Friday nights they have a pay what you wish so you don't have to pay full price to get in. Definitely worth it.
The Children's museum in the basement is utterly great. And also very quiet if you are escaping the crowds of the nearby natural history museum. It is nicely interactive and very educational.
This museum really rocks. It has innovative galleries and has a really grand feel. I really dug the WWII+NYC exhibit they have going on right now. I learned a ton! The museum store is also really well stocked. One guy who works there said he's worked there for decades. My father and I talked with him for about 10 minutes. I feel like I had a history lesson inside the store, too! I can't believe it's taken me years to discover this museum. I really dug it.
3.5 Stars The third floor is probably the most interesting. There are numerous historical everyday items from the 17th century and onward. There are old chairs, card tables, pewter tankers, sterling silver utensils and silver sets, calling card cases, miser bags, old eyeglasses, a fancy stagecoach, dresser drawers, canes, butter molds,Tiffany glass lamps, powder horns and other odds and ends. It's fun to look at objects people used to commonly use sitting in a museum! There are also 18th century oil paintings on the third floor. My favorite ones were 5 "The Course of Empire" paintings by Thomas Cole. (I need to see "The Voyage of Life"!) The paintings were really magnificent, large, and beautiful. I also really liked the "Bulls and Bears in the Market" by William Holbrook Beard. I think I recognized a famous painting of Benjamin Franklin as well. On the second floor, there is a beautiful library (which is closed on weekends), and hundreds of sketches and watercolors of birds by James Audobon. There are also a few people and children sitting on the floor sketching Audobon's drawings. On the first floor, there is currently an exhibit of WWII-NYC, it wasn't that interesting, mostly a lot of panels to read  and not that many items. I saw a cyclotron (one of the first atom smashers), a Captain America vol. 1 comic book, and Eisenhower's telegram announcing the end of WWII. In the front lobby, there are some WWII military costumes, and an old antique prosthetic leg. Overall, the building housing this museum is lovely. I may come back for another visit someday.
Everyone should visit and see this place. The movie is a true NY moment and it gets better as you walk around seeing NY history. Check it out !
A great museum that chronicles some of the amazing history that took place right here in NYC. Somehow I feel that this museum is lesser known (and perhaps under-appreciated) because it sits in the shadows of the neighbouring Natural Historymuseum and the Met.   But here's the secret - the NYHS isn't thronged by the same crowds that flood the Met, so you can enjoy a relatively quiet browse around.  It's definitely worth doing a tour here or getting an audio guide, particularly if you are interested in their permanent exhibits, as they are quite overwhelming displayed by category - i.e. all the furniture together, all the crockery - so unless you have one of the wandering museum staff to provide the back story, it can get too much.  Once, I was here with a few friends and one of the staff just walked up to us and asked if we'd like a tour - and gave us an impromptu tour of his favourite pieces!  It was a great experience. Currently (Feb 2013) - they have an interesting exhibit on WWII and NYC, which is worth a visit.   And I can think of no better way to finish your tour than with a glass of champagne and some more-ish nibbles at the delectable Cafe Storicco, which is in the same building. Finally - check in on yelp as you arrive and you'll get a very neat little discount on your ticket!  Yay Yelp!
One of the best assignments I ever received was to study an 18th century cabinet for an hour and then write a six paged paper based on my observations; for someone who grew up with the biased view of history being forged by great men and their monolithic acts, the assignment was a wake up cal reminding me how essential social history, the seemingly mundane everyday details, is to our understanding of the past. And it is in this appreciation of the quotidian history that the NY Historical Society is most interesting and enlightening; the Historical Society doesn't have very innovative or enlightening exhibitions, but their permanent collection is a solid treasure for research for the social history of America. Despite being able to attend the museum for free, I never found any compelling reason to visit, as every time I heard about the new show, I always figured I'd learn more on the subject by reading. After walking through the current exhibitions, I can't help feel that I was right. It's not to say that I didn't learn anything (did you know that Lafayette named his son after George Washington?), but nothing presented changed my way of thinking on the matter. And even though the general public aren't historians, but more likely families on weekends, I couldn't help but find the curatorial efforts a bit grade school project like. There's a lot of interactive materials to get people engaged and many trivial facts, but nothing really that compelling. While the temporary exhibitions aren't much to talk about, their permanent collection deserves at least one look. Granted, your life won't completely change after viewing one of the silver spoons from their seemingly endless collection of tableware, but it really is fascinating to see how class aesthetics evolve (or don't) throughout the years. They also have an impressive arts collection. There's not too many that are definitive pieces of an era, but many that you'll recognize from your high school history textbooks such as Rembrandt Peale's painting of Thomas Jefferson or John Trumbull's work of Alexander Hamilton (the two, for grateful history nerds, are placed next to another) or the only known painting of Dredd Scott. There's some great genre works from the 19th century, such as W.S. Mount's "Farmers Bargaining." They also have an amazing collection of John Rogers and Frederic Remington's sculptures. But my favorite was being able to see Thomas Cole's "Course of Empire" series. The famed Hudson River School artist went through some spiritual rebirth, and these paintings of the rise and fall of a civilization were his magnum opus that synthesized his portrayal of the sublime in nature and his stance on humanity. Also, the place might be one of the most quiet museums. It was a weekend and I found myself alone in most of the galleries. And that alone is a great virtue. And while I'm still a bit of a believer in the Great Man Theory, a walk through the museum was a nice refresher course on the everyday essentials.
What I loved: - The "Slavery in New York"  series is fascinating. E.g. NYC's slave-owning households tended to have 2-3 slaves, which meant family members were often separated from one another.  Even after slavery was abolished in NY, many New Yorkers harbored strong pro-slavery sentiments (38 cents of every dollar in NYC's trading/shipping/insurance industries depended on cotton, and city elites often socialized with aristocratic Southerners). - The "Tiffany Girls" show is cool too. The blurbs helped me appreciate the sheer craft and labor that went into creating these lamps. Some had a thousand pieces of glass, each piece hand-selected and cut. The blurbs also described a time when many unions were all-male, and when educated women tended to stop working when they married (thus the high turnover of women at Tiffany studios). - The staff were knowledgeable and really nice. Today my friend and I were straggling in the museum store a few minutes after closing.  The staff were celebrating someone's birthday. As we walked out, they offered us cake! So sweet. On the downside, this place can be overwhelming. Especially the top floors where the collection is huge and eclectic and not laid out in the most intuitive way.  There are portraits, letters, chairs, political buttons, photos, firefighting equipment, dinner plates, busts of Lincoln, Audubon's (beautiful) Birds of America original watercolors, etc. etc. Is there anything this museum _doesn't_ collect?
Belive it or not, when visiting New York to make one of his most famous speeches Abe Lincoln didn't get a goodie bag!  Instead, his Presidential shwag consisted of what else...a complimentary stove pipe hat!  Not only that, like any well-dressed hipster he only deigned to go above 14th street on his way out of town. I learned these tidbits and many, many more at the New York Historical Society which I have found to be absolutely engrossing during my two visits.   I am a US History buff, so I might be a bit biased, but the exhibits here reveal so many fascinating facts about our the development of our country, most of which remind me of a basic idea. A large amount of what we're living through politically, others experienced long before us. Of course, it is somewhat reassuring to see of the trials and tribulations Abraham Lincoln went through as he changed our country for the better--the way he was canonized and despised, the fissures that existed between the left wing and right wing media of the time, etc... All very reassuring that is, until you reflect on the fact that in the end Lincoln was shot..and of course until you reflect on the fact he was presiding over a country that was not just figuratively in a state of war, but was actually smack dab in the middle of a war between the States. Yikes! Words and politics can be serious things, I guess. I visited at the end of the day today and spent an hour and a half with the Lincoln exhibit, and didn't even finish it, much less get to the FDR or John Brown exhibits which I also want to see.  I wasn't the least bit bored, and could've stayed for several hours more if it hadn't have been closing time.. On a previous visit about a year ago, I saw an excellent exhibit on Lafayette's return trip to the US in 1825 which, as it turned out, was every bit as big of a deal as the Jacksons' Victory Tour was in 1985...and Lafayette didn't even moonwalk. So go!!  Now!!! You'll learn more about the groggeries, copperheads, and Gangs of New York, not to mention the "Free Love District" of the 60s...the 1860s, that is...and where Lincoln liked to hang out when he was below 14th Street. HINT: It wasn't Schiller's Liquor Bar.
The current exhibit about the city during World War II was excellent (much more NYC-centric than a previous exhibit that was less focused). It was informative and chock full of anecdotes you won't find anywhere else. (Would you believe that part of the FDR Drive was built on rubble from the London Blitz, which came over as ship's ballast? Or that hundreds of Germans and Italians were detained at Ellis Island?) I admired how the curators used the city's diversity, plus tons of ephemera, video, and clothing, to convey such a huge experience. The use of multimedia made it even more accessible. The winding space gets a little crowded, even during a weekday, so be patient. The gift shop is definitely worthwhile, with merchandise at different price points and a great book selection. The only off-note came at the admission desk. When I asked for two tickets, the distracted staffer murmured, "For the New-York Historical Society?" I'm sorry, is there some other museum hiding on the premises?
Came on a Friday aftework to check out the Lincoln exhibit before it closes (March 25th) and I learned that politics have not changed since 1860. Seriously, not at all. There were tea baggers, er, yeah, whatever Tea Bagger types in those days as well. Politics were always dirty. Dirty like a $2 whore. I loved it. The exhibit was really well put together. There were interactive portions, free tours and free ice cream. Yes. Free Cherry Garcia ice cream because of the Grateful Dead exhibit. I'm totally going back, um, better prepared to enjoy a Dead exhibition... if you know what I mean. Aaaaah! YOU know what I mean! On Fridays they also have a free concert series sponsored by the Mannes College of Music.
Very underrated museum is all I have to say. For history buffs (especially American history), this is our mecca. What's nice is that the museum relates New York's role both within New York/New York City and American history concurrently without mixing anything up. This allows great perspective on some things, such as Abraham Lincoln's campaign in New York, and the impact of slavery in New York before the Civil War. The 1st floor is the special exhibit they show off, the 2nd floor is a continuation of special exhibits (but photography is allowed, whereas it is not on the 1st floor), the 3rd floor is administrative offices, and the 4th floor is a bit of a random labyrinth between their "Slavery in NY" exhibit and their artifacts ranging from the mundane to hilariously random. Nonetheless, it is fascinating to see what they have in storage ranging from a horse-drawn carriage to a pair of 2000 sunglasses that people sported for New Year's. While their permanent exhibits are kind of... just there, their special exhibits have always merited high praise from friends that visited. Between that and the cheap student prices of $7, and $10 of regular admission, this is a little gem I cherish.
OK, ok, in full disclosure, my awesome aunt works here-- (Hi Aunt Mar!)--but as a history lover myself, I've loved visiting here. The exhibits I've seen were very well-executed with just enough reading material as you walk around; you won't spend an hour moving one foot, but neither will you breeze through in ten minutes having seen everything. I also just love the building; majestic in the old (1900s? See, this is something they could help me with...) style, the entire building is fun walking through if only for the architecture and design. A truly cool place with a necessary and honorable mission.
I recently visited the Audubon's Aviary exhibition on the 2nd floor of this massive building on the corner of W 77th and Central Park West.  It's a museum and library.  I didn't see the library and only saw the Audubon exhibition which was huge but still didn't take up the entirety of the 2nd floor.  It felt like it should've.  There was even a film.  There is a lot going on here and future exhibitions sound amazing!  I'm really looking forward to returning. The coat check is free and on the ground floor.  There isn't even a tip jar.  Classy!
Not expecting much I was pretty blown away by this place.  The museum/library was New York's first museum founded in 1804.  The lower floor has an interactive children's component, the ground has a beautiful auditorium and rotating exhibits, the third has a permanent painting exhibit as well as rotating exhibits and the 4th floor has nearly 40,000 objects of historical stuff: old paintings, Tiffany lamps, furniture, plate ware, miniature trains and buildings (amazing!), and more. I like that if there aren't a bunch of people, the lights go off and turn on as you enter.  The 4th floor is nice because you can grab a free audio guide and listen to the different stories behind the objects.  I looked at a painting of bulls and bears devouring one another in front of the New York Stock Exchange and it was interesting to hear how the artist really tried to make parallels between the animals and the people who work at the NYSE. Bulls are those who make a profit when prices are high, and bears are those that make a profit when prices are low.   Just a note about the auditorium.  It shows a movie about a brief history of New York until present day.  But it's not your ordinary movie.  They have different panels and they lift and lower them depending on the scene being depicted.  So not only is the movie interesting, but the way they present it is truly artful.  Might I also mention the GORGEOUS restaurant/café that serves upscale Italian cuisine...
I just moved to Manhattan and was scouring mags for something interesting to do. Sure enough, like something out of a Woody Allen movie, I came across an entry for Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde -- the 1920 silent classic starring John Barrymore. It was screened as part of the Silent Clowns film series -- which normally features comedy classics but went this route for Halloween (though the did start with a thematically apropos Laurel & Hardy short called "Habeus Corpus" which was delightful). The NY Historical Society is the venue for the series, which brought out an eclectic collection of old folks and   college kids who seemed to have wandered in from the park. I didn't make a full tour of the Society but plan to go back for that another time. I'm just tickled pink that they provide the space for this film series!
After exiting Central Park, mostly as an afterthought, I decided to drop into the NYHS. Glad I did. The building didn't strike me as much from the outside, but the inside had a nice elegant charm to it. As for the exhibits, there was a pretty cool Lincoln exhibit featuring some of his handwritten notes and speeches. Little known fact- Abraham Lincoln had worse handwriting than I do. I also caught a pretty cool John James Audubon exhibit, which featured his large water colors and sketches of North American birds. If these exhibits were typical of the kind of things going on here regularly, I don't understand how there are so few reviews. Go on, get out, the NYHS is waiting.
What an interesting and unique museum! My brother, who was visiting, suggested that we go to the New York Historical Society and I was absolutely blown away by it. Incredible!  The exhibits were thoughtful and fascinating.  I got to see the recreation of the Armory show which was unreal.  My entire life I wished that I could've been there 100 years ago - and my dream came true!! Just epic! A place that is not to be missed!
The New York Historical Society is one of my favorite museums thanks to the Luce Collection.   Located on the top floor and part (I imagine a large part...) of their permanent collection is a huge and odd assortment of this and that, knickknacks and toys, fine art, furniture and everything in between.   Displayed mostly in large, crowded, lucite walls of stuff, it's great to just walk around and bask in the total randomness of it all.   In addition to this collection, the Society also displays rolling galleries of blank with a New York focus.
This museum participates in the BoA free museum thing where the first weekend of the month is free to anyone who can show a BoA card.  I went with a friend and it was fun to look around but we got bored after a while.  We watched the movie on the history of NYC and I really liked that.  Otherwise the exhibits are a little forgettable.
I visited this museum to see the World War II & NYC exhibit. It was excellent. It wasn't just general knowledge about World War II, but how New York contributed both its resources and its people to the war effort. Another thing that I liked about this exhibit is that they also explored the civil rights issues that accompanied World War II. It was really...I hate to use this word because it conjures up images of high school biology videos, but it was really educational. I think what really made this special was to show how this war impacted everyday citizens and the life they had in America, whether it was job opportunities, restrictions on food, or even entertainment. Unfortunately this exhibit is closed by now, however, if something else came to this museum, I definitely would make the time to visit.
As Education Chairman for my beer club, I felt it my duty to schedule a meeting at the "Beer Here" exhibit about the history of beer making in NYC.   We went on a Saturday afternoon and attended a tasting after the exhibit.  The guy leading the tasting was from Ithaca Brewing. The exhibit itself was interesting, though not entirely comprehensive.  I did like how the narrative flowed from the growth of production and how and why it became so popular to the rise of the temperance movement and prohibition.  The marketing materials for the numerous breweries were interesting and I liked the focus at the end of the last few breweries that remained in NYC until the 70's.   Funny videos of Miss Rheingold voting also. The tasting was good and the guy was informative.    The gift shop had "Beer Here" souvenirs for 50% off!   Strictly based on the exhibit, I'd say this was 4 stars.  But then again, I grade most things that involve beer on a curve.
History is cool! The two high lights if my visit were the John Rogers sculpture exhibition (Oh! the detail) and the opening video on the history of NYC (makes me proud to be a new yorker) The crowd was pretty light considering it was afternoon, during a holiday week. This was a plus, and it took me about 3 hours to get through all four floors (including the 18 minute aforementioned NYC history video), and I read about 50% of the info (but everything in the Rogers area) An added highlight was the use of interactive touchscreen, it was the best usage in all the museums I've been to
Although I only had time to browse through the Grant and Lee exhibit, I was thoroughly impressed by this place.  I share a birthday with General Robert E. Lee and Sherman's army probably passed through what was to become my family's backyard so naturaly I've always been a bit of a Civil War buff.     The exhibit traces the routes both men took from West Point onward.  It places special emphasis on the Mexican-American War and how it shaped the two future generals and the majority of their fellow military leaders.  It also covers the Harper's Ferry incident.  There's tons of material examining their relationships with their presidents. Seeing the knife seized from John Brown at Harper's Ferry and the sword worn by Lee at Appomatix was pretty amazing. 5 stars for this exhibit alone.
GOOD exhbitions recently on slavery in NYC. nyhistory.org/web Nice gift shop and "History Buffet". Beautiful building, with a hidden and seldom-open-to-the-public garden, but it has S-L-E-E-P-Y exhibitions of the same old stuff, over and over again: Hudson River School paintings, Tiffany lamps, Audubon bird paintings.
Perhaps my expectation for this museum was too high but I was disappointed. My biggest gripe - there was no story behind the artifacts (more on this in just a bit). As a native New Yorker and a history buff (sad, I know) I thought this museum would be right up my alley so I smirked as I watched the line at the Natural History Museum knowing my destination would not force me to endure the snow. I arrived at the museum and was happy to discover that there was free admission. The Lincoln New York exhibit was nice and I enjoyed it. Especially how they connected it to New York. There were many historical artifacts that really painted a picture of the era in which Lincoln was elected. The rest of the museum was less exciting. 1. No Story. I mentioned this above. The museum has great artifacts but they are arranged in a hackneyed way. I wish the museum was set-up as a New York through the ages. Instead of just a floor of furniture and another floor of paintings I wish everything from one era was together to show NYC through the years. 2. Dead Ends. The museum often led me towards dead ends and I generally found the signage lacking. 3. Renovation. It seemed there was a lot of renovation happening at the museum and perhaps that was the reason for the confusion but it took away from the experience although I'm sure once completed the museum will be nice. Overall, I'd say the museum is definitely worth a visit. I enjoyed it but after leaving I thought "They had some interesting things" but didn't think "Wow, it's amazing to see how NY progressed through the ages." I think if anyone can evoke that feeling it is the NY Historical Society.
They tend to have a lot of very interesting exhibitons/rotating exhibits. The general museum itself is nice. One of the many good museums in the city.
If you are an American history buff, this place is a great place to twizzle about for a few hours. If you are not an American history buff, you are not going to be turned into one here and it is merely a good place to spend an hour or two tops. I'm glad I went... there are huge collections of glassware, silver, porcelain, Tiffany glass, busts, paintings, 911 memorabilia and one or two special exhibits. If I only had one afternoon in the city, this would not be in the my top ten picks of places to go... but luckily I have more than one afternoon in the city and it's only ten bucks to get in.
You wouldn't think of this as a must-see attraction in NYC, but it is!  Definitely worth a visit.  Great venue, cool artifacts on display: from George Washington's first inaugural chair to a beat up fire truck door from September 11th, you get a true feel for just how historic this city really is.
A very beautiful and quirky museum.  Some of the exhibits seemed to stray away from solely NY history, but this isn't to say that they weren't interesting... just unexpected.   The 4th floor is by far the most curious part of the museum... shelves and shelves of items ranging from furniture, to statues, to toys, canes, and my favorite, Tiffany lamps!  Every shelf space is occupied by something -- a hoarders fantasy come true (but with things of actual value).   Currently, the most captivating exhibit for me was the 9-11 photo display on the first floor.  6,000 photographs were collected by the community of that day and the events surrounding it; about 80 or so are on display.  I appreciated the idea of community engagement at this level. Great museum, hope to be back soon.
Amazing museum. Chock full of stuff about the history of our city and our state. Great for kids and adults. I'm no curator or anything, but my only bone to pick with this place is that it seems to be kind of mishmash. Especially on the top floor, where they just sort of store everything behind giant glass containers, kind of like at the Met in those "study rooms." My suggestion: reorder the entire museum to reflect a TIMELINE of historical events and eras. Maybe they'd need more space for that. I dunno. But just chucking things up to look at in a group without any real explanation other than a general topic doesn't seem that helpful to a person like me, who likes to not only LOOK, but to LEARN contextual information about what I'm looking at. Also, I wish the pricing were more flexible. Ah well, nothing's perfect. But this place is darn good.
I came here Saturday after investigating the different museums that I had yet to visit as a New York native. I was unaware of the Abraham Lincoln exhibit but it was a good surprise. The Lincoln exhibit was framed in the perspective of how his presidency affected New York and how New York affected his presidency. Surprisingly, the exhibit didn't just talk about the Civil War but other issues that he dealt with while president and while a candidate for president. The exhibits about John Brown were equally educational. In my opinion, this is one of the more interesting museums of New York City that just doesn't showcase history or art. It makes want to learn about whatever they are exhibiting.
I came here with my students as a part of their summer session. This was my first time hearing about this museum, as I had to follow the school's schedule and introduce the students to New York City culture. It was suppose to be a cultural experience for these college kids, but turned into a free pass of no work for the day. First of all, this museum is located right across the street from the Natural Museum of History. So I see how people tend to miss it, it's basically hidden in the shadows of the other surrounding museums. This place has a lot of historical background on New York. It covers everything from the Civil War era to the Occupy Wall Street movement. It's quite the small museum and very underrated. At the end of the tour, we sat through an 18 minute long movie about the history of the museum and the ancestry of New York. Not going to lie, it was relatively boring. I'm not going to sit here and say that I'm a genius when it comes to the history of our city, but I did pay attention in school when I was a child. A lot of what our tour guide discussed, I was aware of and had been taught at one point in my life. Seemed very repetitive. Since this was suppose to be an enriching moment for my students, we weren't allowed to check out any of the better exhibits (the "Beer Here" exhibit, for example). I was indifferent about this place, nothing specifically big on my end.
LOVED this museum.. it's truly a unique museum that offers a great insight on the history of NYC. It's small enough to cover in several hours, but the amount of information you can take away from this museum will leave you realizing how awesome it is to be living/visiting NYC. Make sure to check out the theater and watch their 10-15 minute film.
what a great little museum where you can learn all about NYC! the multi-media room shows a great film bursting with history, images, and great stories/narratives. It's small enough that you can browse through the entire museum in an afternoon yet varied enough that you learn a lot!
