843 acres of 100% beauty.  With just over 1000 reviews so far for Central Park and an average rating of a 5.0 -- hmmmm, I think it's safe to say...this place is more than "okay" -- it's extremely special.  In my experience of travel, this is one of my favorite places in all the world. The park, which receives approximately thirty-five million visitors annually (source: wikipedia) -- count me in on that figure.  When I lived in NY about 10 years back, I would go often.  Nowadays, whenever I come to one of the greatest cities in the world, and whether for business or personal, this is a 'go to', a 'must stop' no matter what else is planned. If New York City was a desert, this would be an oasis -- as the city has virtually no other grassy areas to speak of.  By yourself to think or relax, on a date to walk/sit/kiss, and if you have children -- they'll love the petting zoo, the carousel, running and playing.  Any reason at all -- just make one up if you have to.  For tourist and locals alike, this place is filled. I most look forward to feeding the squirrels, sitting at the fountain, and perhaps mostly -- just walking thru...ssllllooowwwlllly.  The trees in the fall have every color under the sun -- AMAZING.  With the NY skyline surrounding in every direction, take a break from the business of the streets and just breathe.
Amazing!!  Olmsted designed this park along with Prospect Park in Brooklyn, and both are premier parks of the world.  Each season brings a different feeling and sense of beauty to the grounds. Central Park is an oasis.  Look for all the free events throughout the year, but especially during the warmer months.  Perfect place to picnic, walk the dog, take photos, bird watch, listen to free music, and just plain people watch.   Once again, don't go at night unless there is an event going on, and be careful of some of the more "deserted" areas of the park.  Above all, go out and ENJOY YOURSELF!!
LOVE coming here. There's so much to see and explore.  I cant' get enough of this park.  Def one of the places I miss about NYC.
Central Park is a great park--when I compare another park on the other coast-- Golden Gate Park-- Central Park is a park that is alive--it is what a park should be.  Central Park is taken care of and has a multitude of things to do and a calm in the middle of the bustle and hustle of the Big Apple.  Even if I don't compare Central Park with any other park it has a pulse and beat that no other US city can match.
Wonderful place, i suggest you to take your picnic and just enjoy the location! The best to get lost you will discover beautiful place! Just take the opportunity of the moment...have fun
Why 3 stars? Because... umm... it's a park?   ---   ---   --- I guess I just haven't seen enough of it, but I took a bike ride around the entire thing... and I guess I just don't get it. When I'm in New York, I want to experience all of the crazy things that I can't have back home. We have plenty of parks in Tampa. This isn't to pick on CP. Anytime I am visiting a city and there's a park that everyone loves, I always give in and check it out. I always walk away wondering why people recommended it to a tourist. Grass. Trees. Slides. Swings. Open fields. I have that. Anywhere I want it. Someone tell me why I'm wrong.
God damn, what a large park. For a frame of reference, it's across the street where the Apple Store is. I was blown away at the size of the place the other week. I cannot understand how some people can possibly walk the length of this park wearing dress shoes (I saw several people all dapered). For New Yorkers, though this is currently the largest park in America, be on the lookout for Irvine, California. They're out to create the Great Park, which would surpass Central Park in terms of size. While here the other week, I managed to do something quite traditional and play a game of chess at the area where you're allowed to play chess. I just caught them at the tail-end of their business hours, so I managed to snag a board and asked them to let us play one game. In the end, I was able to kick some ass and feel like I exercised my brain a little. Further up north, there are running tracks and the large reservoir/lake where people can ride boats and do other mushy things. Though the place is exactly how you picture it from movies and television, the one aspect that you don't get with those visuals is the smell of horse shit. There are horse-drawn carriages that go around and drop piles of fecal matter randomly. Just be on the lookout for any while trying to get back onto Fifth Avenue.
Being from the woods of Wisconsin, it amazes me how quiet it is in the park. Go on a week around mid-day in the winter when it's not cold, but cold enough that most might stay inside. You'll have the place to yourself!!  It's quite a contrast to the summer when the hippies and skate ravers take over for thier dance parties! I love the ramble, and sitting on the benches on the "main drag". The elm trees are crazy big and when the afternoon sun shimmers through the leaves in summertime, it's one heck of a place to enjoy your smoothie.
This was a very beautiful park, even though it was the dead of winter and frozen over. In the warmer seasons it probably is much nicer to visit, its just too bad that its notorious reputation is more renown than its finer points.
The Central Park is the best park in Manhattan. It is so big, surrounded by nature that it is amazing to believe that a city that is so busy, yet one can find tranquility walking in the park. December and January are the perfect months to enjoy the lovely winter scenery, all covered with white snow and it was great to see several snowmen around the park. We have walked through the park during spring and summer but this was our first winter experience and it was truly amazing to see the stunning look of the snow.
Central Park is an urban utopia nestled in the best city in the world. I was fortunate to stay a couple blocks from here during my five night stay.  Before I came, I did not think much of it; it's a freaking park.  Woop de fricken' doo! However, it is much much more than a park.  It's perfection. My favorite version of navigating was to start at Times Square and walk up and through the park.  Going from nearly getting bumped at every intersection and ridiculously brisk straight line walking to transforming into relaxed and comfortable explorer of the landmarks, landscaping majesty and "Easter eggs" scattered throughout the park is something I would love to experience daily.  I feel I can hangout a couple hours every day there for the next 40 years and still find something new to appreciate each time I visit.   Besides Shakespeare Garden, Turtle Pond, Strawberry Fields, Belvedere Castle and the amazing Bethesda Terrace there are countless photo ops and places to feel that you have a better understanding of life and one's self.  It sounds cliche, but it's a mind transforming experience. It was the highlight of my trip and the single biggest reason I plan on returning in April.
Given enough time I could probably think of 300 reasons why Central Park is as good as it gets and 5 star worthy. In the interest of time, the below will have to suffice. The name itself is an act in descriptive simplicity: yes, it's a park and it's centrally located in Manhattan. Genius! The most famous duo connected to this park (Sorry Simon and Garfunkel) are the designers Olmsted and Vaux. Prior to this land being made into a park various shanty town communities peppered the landscape. In fine 19th century eminent domain, the land was claimed and shaped under the guiding hands of these two master park planners. And for quite a few decades the park was mainly a bastion of respectable Victorian pursuits-- you know, lolly-gagging and promenading.  Leave it to Robert Moses to get the ball rolling with ball fields and other 20th Century alterations that opened up the space to the masses. Which is fine by me as this park is large enough for all, from the tourist with map in hand to the deranged man yelling during a recent performance at the Naumburg Band Shell. (Hey, it was a slow part of Schubert's Unfinished Symphony so I could relate to the crankiness) I've run in this park many times, mainly as part of the JP Morgan Corporate Challenge. Events like that are very common here. There's Summerstage, where weather permitting, free music is available. (Alas, the weather did not permit the Black Eyed Peas but did permit a Nikki Minaj wardrobe malfunction during Good Morning America) If instead you seek sanctuary from the City then Central Park can also accommodate you. Peaceful trails that wend around ponds are readily available. Actual wildlife can be observed-- you know, birds and such! More wildlife that's been imprisoned can be observed at the Central Park Zoo. And did you know that the ruins of a fort are found in the park? Fort Clinton ( named after DeWitt, not Bill) was in use during the War of 1812 and remains can be found around East 107th Street. Ice skating? Wollman Rink. Amusement Park? Same location but named Victorian Gardens. Fishing? Catch and release. Boating? Row , row , row... Let's not forget Shakespeare in the Park either. It's as if the various activities available capture most of the human experience. And that is why Central Park is one of the best places to feel alive in this city of ambition, skyscrapers, noisy taxi drivers and street meat. If you can't find something to do in this park, even if it's nothing at all, please check your pulse.
I love walking through Central Park. If you're an avid-people watcher like me, this is a great place to come with an empty notebook and some pens, and really graet coffee. Oh, the stories you'll come up with. But, seriously, this is a sweet space of green and foliage where you can pretend for a little while that you're not in a huge bustling metropolis. But, at the same time, you can return to your beloved city in the blink of an eye. Surround yourself in landscapes and feel dubiously blissed out.
Seriously - amazing.  The fountains, the people, the size, the scope, the history, the zoo, the great lawn, the ponds, the performers, the museums lining the east, the restaurants lining the lower west.......an oasis in the middle of America's great city - a "top 5 all time" place for me, on par with the beaches in Santa Monica - it feels "like home" even if you're hundreds of miles from home.
did u know this was a man made park? My favorite time of the year is to go during the winter especially on a snowy day...the trees and road is blanketed with pretty white snow....what a sight. Next will be spring, right after a long brutal winter you can get the feel of the sun and mother nature once more....nothing beats a nice bike ride around the park come spring time!
Complete rubbish. (go ahead....act like you don't already know that Central Park is the best thing about nyc)
Oh, Central Park. What can I say about you? There's just so much... Well... I guess I can give you a list of what you will/can witness/do/eat in Central Park. 1. Great for outdoor exercises. Seriously. Do some jumping jacks here, biking there, jogging everywhere! Go crazy. You can even rent bikes at certain locations and give the entire park a loop. This is NOT only for tourists... I've been a NYer all my life with no space in my apt to store a bike so I don't have one. I've rented one and gone biking here. I loved it. Total workout. Especially when you reach the W. 110th st. hill. Cardio, baby! Yoga/meditation in the park? Choose from the wide array of meadows available to you.   2. NYC hot dog and nut vendors in and around the park. I mean you can always exit the park to eat but if you don't want to, grab a dog from a cart. They are a bit pricey since they cater to the average tourists' wallet but go for it if hunger strikes!  I don't recommend eating a hot dog and then going for a jog. BARF. 3. Go boating with your honey/hubby/baby/sweetie/sugar or whatever it is you call him/her. On a lake located quite literally in the middle of the park, this is romantic, relaxing and a work out all in one. It will cost you. And you have to leave no less than $20 as a deposit in case you either a) decide you want to take the boat home b) you lose an oar or c) you think it would be funny to poke holes in the boat with that drill you carry in your pocket. Ha. Chances are you'll get your deposit back. 4. Great for walks. There must be at least a million paths/trails/roads in this park and you should discover some for yourself. Of course I don't recommend you do this once the sunsets. You will risking encountering some serious creepers lurking in the bushes. 5. There are some GREAT rocks for a picnic so go have one! Yes, even in the fall.... Although it isn't legal to drink (alcohol, that is) in the street, I say pop the wine bottle at home, pour it in a thermal and take it with you! shhhhh ;-) Central Park is known and is great for other things too! These are just some of my favorites. P.S. It's beautiful in the fall when you can take beautiful pictures of the foliage. AND it's beautiful in the winter when the snow accumulates and glistens everywhere making CP look like a winter wonderland.
Central Park Makes this concrete jungel seem like paradise sometimes.  I must say...people work long and hard in this city, but they know how to get their Central Park on. Still obsessed with Sheeps meadow, the long lingering trails and the ice cream vendors.  This is my favorite thing to experience on a weekend afternoon.  Strawberry Fields and the roller skaters make me feel like I am back in SF....which is a much needed nostalgic moment. The only bad thing about CP....the bathrooms are quite disgusting.
Just an amazing escape away from the city. Once you are inside, it is so utterly  astounding how quite it is! You can't hear any of the bustling city's noise pollution. Dog owners: this place is for your furry loved ones! Great place to meet fellow owners and watch your little ones play. Dog's can be off-leash before 9am- come to Cherry Hill, we have a great group up there!
Great Park.  You can walk around the outside and imagine you are in a movie set in New York, or a slut in Sex in the City.  You can also run around the inside and pretend Arnold Schwarzennegger is chasing you on a horse.  Great place to be, just not at night, be careful.  Run with a buddy, and don't buy crack from anyone.
Always end up just scratching the surface everytime I visit NYC.  Spent a summer up there in 2005 and never had a chance to explore all it has to offer.  This is defnitely a must see sight for all visitors and locals. Now the last time I was here was 2010.  Been to NYC so many times that my hubby and I were tired of the usual touristy stuff like Times Square.  We planned on doing it different and decided that we would explore much of Central Park via bicycle.  TANDEM BICYCLE that is!  :) Rented a tandem bike and got rolling.  I was the anchor since hubby decided he would be better at steering and navigating than I would.  Let me tell you that this was the funnest thing to do during our trip!  First we pedaled slowly to get in sync and then went full blast.  We really were flying by lots of folks on bicycles and some downhill parts we zoomed so fast it got a bit scary but hubby is a good cyclist so I was in good hands.  We covered so much of the park and got to see alot of sites in the park I never would get to on foot since the park is so huge!  We would slow down and walk our tandem bike up to any stop we made and took pictures.  What I love about Central Park is that ALOT goes on there.  We found this one spot by the boats where some harp lady was playing for a reception.  Saw baseball fields, playgrounds, the lake, etc.   Lots of people doing their thing.  Running, pushing strollers, taking carriage rides, just being part of it was amazing.  One local man running turned to us when he saw us zooming by and laughed and said "Thanks for VISITING!".  Guess we made him happy to see such krunk tourists. Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter - I have visited this park all seasons already in my lifetime and it is simply the best experience every time.   Miss you.  We will meet again!
Central Park. The place where Kevin McCallister sought sanctuary after being lost in New York and met the crazy pigeon lady; where Zooey Deschanel sang to people to revive the spirit of Christmas; where Agent Jay and Agent Kay fought aliens; where Adam Sandler played a father figure and used a kid to hit on a lady friend of his, where a cartoon princess finds love in reality; where Harry Osborne made Mary Jane break up with Spiderman and start Peter Parker's spiral into emo-hipster dom;where crowds formed to support the return of the Ghostbusters; this place is busy. For the gamer aficionados, this place is one giant world map for your own real life RPG. I want to say that I traversed maybe barely 10% of Central Park and was already overwhelmed with what it had to offer. In the couple of hours i spent here, I observed ultimate frisbee, picnics, people helping out each other, photographers, wedding ceremonies, a castle, an amphitheater, a family of ducks and ducklings, food stands, runners, hikers, bikers, people on their lunch break, ex girlfriends, paddle boats, rocks and boulders, statues, horse drawn carriages, lovers, friends, enemies, dogs, art and actors. A nice quick walk took me from Central Park to Trump Plaza and into Bouchon Bakery for some of the best macaroons in the world. I'll be back next year, and maybe I can try and conquer another 10%.
After my coffee fix I caught the subway up to Central Park to go for a run. Sticking with my, "I'm in Manhattan to live life as I would if I lived here, not to be a tourist" theme, I decided to run instead of stroll. In Chicago, I run along the shores of Lake Michigan; in Manhattan, I should run in Central Park, right? I started at 86th & Central Park West, found my way around the south edge of the reservoir, down to the Turtle Pond and the Castle, through The Rambles (gorgeous), past The Lake and the Great Lawn, and eventually ended up at the South-West corner where I caught the subway. The park is gorgeous and twisting and turning and hilly and huge. What a great place. I should mention that I just finished the book Devil in the White City, which is about the Chicago World's Fair in 1893. The architect of the grounds was Frederick Law Olmsted, the same man that designed Central Park. Knowing a little bit about the man and his character made the experience of Central Park all that more enjoyable.
I've been putting off reviewing this place because there is just TOO much to say! Beautiful park as everyone knows, here are some past times I have enjoyed here in the past couple of years: 1.  Free fishing (they give you everything you need!) 2.  Sledding when it snowed.  My boo and I had fun sliding down some lids, amongst the other kids doing so 3.  Halloween-they give out free pumpkins, have a haunted house, face painting, etc.  Even when a huge snowstorm hit last year, there were still pumpkins and the haunted house!  That is dedication right there. 4.  Food festivals-we've been here for free Korean food, Japanese food, etc from many restaurants around the city 5.  Before 9am and after 9pm is when dogs can run free, unleashed.  Our pup LOVES coming here and being able to run on the grass with hundreds of other dogs!  Great place to practice puppy recall, too 6.  You can take mini hikes here!  There's always beautiful scenery to view and take pics of 7.  Use it as a short cut to go across town 8.  Come to picnic on the grass, and enjoy the sun 9.  Feel the leaves fall all around you 10. Scootering and rollerblading down the hills.  You can also bike and run, of course! Oh, how I love you, Central Park!
The City needs Central Park and Central Park Needs the City
A legendary park, and for good reason.  Every city needs a good park, and while NY has many such parks, the shear magnitude of this one is worthy of the king's crown. Venue to summer movie nights and other goings on either made by you and yours or by event planners... there is always something to be done here. I love the loop, but I hate running, which is why me, the park, and my bike are best buds during the warmer seasons.
With so much to see and explore, each time I tend to discover a new aspect about the park. There is always something happening here specially during summers right from yoga class, live jazz music and concerts. I attended the last Black Eye Peas concert here. It is a place where one can go alone, take your girlfriend for a stroll or family for a picnic. There is something to do for everybody. I have spent so many weekends here just lazing around  and enjoying the flora and fauna which is hard to find in this concrete city. Thanks to the City and the management for maintaining the park.
What Matthew H. said.. "New York would suck without central park" "the lungs of manhatta" So true.. this city would look like any other Asia cities packed with buildings towering over the sky. Central park off sets the carbon footprint of Manhattan allowing us to breath a little easier.
Nothing can beat it. Beautiful, I saw a hawk there the other day. A hawk in NYC! Amazing. There are so many things I cannot list here in the review, from the being able to get in a paddle boat, to bike riding or just laying in the sun. You can always find something to do and enjoy a nice day in Central Park. Best part of Manhattan.
Simply outstanding. An oasis od tranquility and beauty in a crazy, amazing city. The perfect place to retreat to when the concrete jungle gets a bit too much for walks, relaxation, a carriage ride, a walk around the zoo, or simply to hunt out a hot dog vendor and chill out for a while.
As far as parks goes, there's a lot to do here and a lot of wonders to be seen! I went when temperatures were in the 70s. It wasn't too crowded or hot. Just perfect weather and lots of people enjoying themselves.
Never gets old. Never. Central Park needs my 5 stars like I need pennies (how the hell do I always end up with so many damn pennies?!), but still, it deserves all my love and so much more. I feel like I gotta say something specific, so I give you this - elm trees (European and American) are everywhere, and they are spectacular. Be here.
4 Stars because of the horse slavery 5 because of the inherent beauty that is the greatest park in the world
The Great Lawn opens in the summer for the Philharmonic to play and you to picnic; the ponds and trees are snow-capped in the winter for a beautiful stroll.
On a recent trip we spent a lot of time in the park. It was great, especially wonderful with our eight year old son.  He lived the model sailboats (would have spent the entire day there), the Victorian Garden (kiddie amusement rides at Wollman Rink), just walking around the park was wonderful.  Of course, we had beautiful summer weather, a big plus.  If you're visiting NYC and are looking for something to do, check it out.  It sure beats waiting in long lines at the Empire State Building.
I went there in November, so my review might be biased in a positive way. One word: BEAUTIFUL.
Come here to frisbee, walk, visit, play, picnic, and my favorite... bask on the rocks in the summertime! One of my favorite things about New York City is spending time in Central Park!
This is the way nature would have turned out if God didn't have the tight deadline to be done in a week! This is the greatest City park in the world. Going into the park gives you a view back to what the topography of Manhattan was like before they flattened it out. A great people and animal watching spot. Love to eat at the boathouse. The tennis courts in the park are great though busy. There is always a new spot to discover, a new path to walk down. Great place to get away from the rush of the city while not having to go anywhere.   The Central Park Conservancy is a great charity that helps to preserve the park. If you enjoy the park consider supporting them with a small donation.
Its Central Park. Whatever.
Ahh This park was really nice,lots of trees, hills, there is plenty to do here Live jazz was playing when I arrived there  and the weather was perfect. I will come back sometime again and view the rest of the park.
The best park I have ever been to. There are just so many things you can do here!  You can have a picnic, ride a bike, jog, go boating, take a walk, read a book, sit on the bench and chit chat, enjoy a coffee or cookie from a nearby restaurant (Levain Bakery on W 74 is my recommendation), go to the zoo, Watch outdoor movies (select nights. Checkout nycgo.com for information.) There is a playground, and plenty of space to play baseball or volleyball. Either way, in my opinion, this park is better suited for adults then kids. The view is spectacular! Some days are a little noisier than others but truly it is never that bad. I love sitting on the rocks in front of the lake at Central Park. I think the fact that it is so large with so much space is what makes it the greatest park ever. Worth visiting atleast once, for sure.
Perhaps the only place in the city that I never know where I am at any given point, but frankly, I'm alright with that.  It's nice to feel lost every once in awhile in a world where numbered streets dictate your location at almost any point of Manhattan. My favorite spot is at the northern edge of the Jackie O. reservoir, overlooking the fountain and the city skyline, catching the hot sun's rays off the cool breeze of the tranquil expansive clearing.  Another favorite is perched atop some rock formation with a book or newspaper, giving the sense of a world conquered. I often find myself gravitated into Central Park, loosing time and wandering the meandering paths.  Each trip is never the same. Walking 30 blocks easily disappear to nothing.  That is why Central Park is so grand; a place where the city disappears.
I've been here before but walked through again yesterday. I can't say anything that hasn't already been said already but it's so nice to just relax in the middle of city with a gorgeous park like this.
Not much I could add to what has already been said about this beautiful park. It is my absolute favorite landmark of New York City. Designed by the same man who designed SF's Golden Gate Park. Need I say more?
What's not to love?
Come on man. Central Park is incredible. Its what makes Manhattan one of the greatest (if not the) citites in the world. Its big, vast, free, and majestic. Incredible in scope, history, Beatles Lore. Its nice enough to host weddings. For free and people do. Shops, Malls, Hot Dog and Halal carts that line the edges are great to. I Definitely, have a love hate relationship with Manhattan. But a walk in Central Park is a slap in the face to remind you New York City is fucking AWESOME. Central Park is absolutely beautiful. With out it Manhattan just wouldn't be Manhattan.
I have lived in NYC all my life but have never really experienced Central Park before. I've walked around it's edges to visit various museums and places like Columbus circle and have attended events such as Shakespeare in the Park and Summer stage but have never experienced it as a park, largely because I dont live in the city but even more so because I'm not ahuge fan of parks and picincs BUUUUT I have been converted. So yesterday spent  the day walking through the park, following its various paths, crossing its numerous bridges, passing through its many tunnels, and enjoying the sights and sounds of people from all backgrounds. That included horse-drawn carriages galloping , football aka soccer games being played, music sounding from Wollman ice skating rink, a photo shoot taking place on top of a rock, and children laughing (sometimes crying lol) and not a single taxi, truck, car horn, or unpleasant urban staple in sight. I found it to be especially breathtaking now wiht all the leaves changing colors and sun stting earlier alowing for you to witness all the intersting shadows and flickering sunlight in the duckfilled ponds during reasonable hours. Strawberry fields and the imagine  centerpiece is perfectly situated within central park evoking the words of John Lennon saying "imagine all the people living life in peace". If thats too far-fetched they can at least spend the day in central park relaxing ,jogging, biking, or strolling...in peace.
Visit the MET ..... pending Visit the MOma....pending statue of liberty......probably never gona happen Central park? CHECK. On my list of things to do in NY, I'm glad i did complete at least one - central park is absolutely amazing and on a perfect fall day, it's great for a stroll, to people watch and to just relax. New-found appreciation for parks.....i hope that doesn't mean I'm aging....
No better place in NYC to take a shopping/eating break.  Hands Down.
when i say i'm taking a day trip back to ny (with kids), ppl are full of shitty ideas about spending hoards of money on restaurants and that sort of thing. no, no, here is fine. there are playgrounds with sand and tunnels, the great lawn, a zoo, and if you really want to spend money, a small amusement park. but really, just lounging/playing on the lawn and watching street performers is enough for an entire DAY of entertainment, and if you didn't pack a lunch, grab a hot dog for a little over a dollar. note: from philly--gas, tolls (brutal), parking (i found a garage for a little over $30), zoo tickets, plus snacks/eats (even though i packed a few things) ran about $250 with 2 adults and 3 kids. i would seriously consider taking the bolt bus or the greyhound (if it's just you and one or two other people)...also, getting out of the city (let's soak in some times square on the way out--DUMB idea) took us 1.5 hours.
When I think of NYC, Central Park is definitely one of the landmarks I think of. How could I not? It takes over the entire center of Manhattan! Not only is Central Park H U G E, it also has varying characteristics depending on locations within the park. The most crowded area is Central Park South by the Apple store and The Plaza. But that area isn't the only worthy spot to visit. There's Strawberry Fields, Shakespeare Theater, Belvedere Castle, the lawns, Conservatory Garden, Bethseda Fountain, Literary Walk...   I've gone to Central Park many times and still get lost and discover areas I've never been to. Only a couple of weeks ago did I discover the giant pool in Central Park! Although Central Park is beautiful throughout the year, it's best during the autumn and I also find it charming during the winter (before the snow gets all slushy and icky).
One of the most wonderful perfect places on the planet.  I grew up in NJ and I still remember my first visit to the park, my head was filled with the idea that i was going to be the vicitim of some kind of crime.   Boy was I wrong! Central park is more than just a green place to go when you want to leave the city but cant, (but even if it was, that would be pretty spectacular), its a wonderful place all on its own.  People leave their own "real" green isolated parks to come INTO the city, to visit this magical place. The architects and builders who created it should be forever applauded.  The hills are so beautiful, the abundance of climbing rocks, the perfect shadey areas just where they are needed-- all magnificent.  And seeing the towering buildings of NYC peeking over the trees only adds to the magic.  But what makes Central Park something truly special are the people who visit it.  The 'city' families, the couples, the weirdos, the athletes, the soccer players, the people leaving their high powered jobs to hit the softball fields, the babies, the dogs, the tourists and the homers.   When you go, check out the bandshell, watch the rollerbladers, visit the zoo, the carousel, the skating rink, bethesda fountain, the shakespeare in the park theater, and for goodness sake, just wander around and enjoy the trails, the hills, the rocks, the playgrounds, the chess players and everything else. If you're in central park on the weekend, look for Dave the Guitar guy.  He's a NY  institution.
The most AWESOME BEAUTIFUL park EVER.  the scenery and backdrop just take your breath away. seeing people jog and taking leisurely walks in person and on tv thru Central Park really inspires me to move here one day and be amongst the legions who make Central Park into their own backyard. luckily i grew up a few blocks away from Golden Gate Park in SF. don't get me wrong, i love Golden Gate Park just as much, as its served many years of my wonderful childhood. but i just wanna see more of what Central Park has to offer.
Central Park is a Beautiful Park in Manhattan sometimes I come here During the summer
A New York City Institution and an Upper West Side Tradition!  What can you say about Central Park New York City!  It is the greatest green space on the planet.....hands down!  Had an amazing picnic at the Conservatory Garden with terrific weather!  Homemade Japanese treats, bottles of wine...!!!
I've always loved walking through this park, but most recently I decided to rent a rowboat and take to the water. It was pretty fantastic and something I highly recommend if you have the time. The staff there was very very too; we stopped to find the boathouse and the volunteers that were giving information were all very happy to help!
Central park has to be one of the most famous American icons next to the Statue of Liberty! I would loved to have seen it in the summer when all of the trees are green, or the fall when the colors are changing. Even in the winter though the charm of this park is not lost. The statues and playgrounds are beautiful. There are vendors and horse carriage rides and Ice skating. Then there is the New York Zoo and the Metropolitan Museum of Art! Let's not forget multiple views of the city that all must be explored and observed at different times of the day. (Especially at night) The park had a very safe feeling. I was concerned for a moment because of all of the portrayals in movies of people getting mugged. There was a good police presence and nobody seemed overly sketchy. I think I went to the park for some period of time just about every day that I was in New York. Here are some tips 1. Stay away from vendors in the park selling "Organic food." I don't know what they do to it but it is gross. 2. Make sure you get a bag of hot almonds! You won't be able to stop eating them! 3. Horse carriage rides are $50 for the first 20 minutes and $20 each additional 10 minutes. Find another way to be romantic. This is to much money for you and your loved one to smell horse poop for a half hour. 4. Get about halfway up the park and find a clearing to get a view of the skyline at night. It is absolutely breathtaking. 5. Enjoy one of the playgrounds. They are a lot of fun and a great way to kill some time with your loved ones. 6. Skip rocks on the lake. Much easier to do when it's frozen over ;) 7. Have fun!
A Top 10 urban park as far as size but definitely tops in my heart. Central Park was my "backyard" growing up and will forever be my favorite park in the world. From rolling hills filled with kids on sleds and people on ice skates in the winter time to roller-bladers and sun-bathers in the summer, this park has a little for everyone.  Concerts and plays, lakes and waterfalls, playgrounds and carousels, hiking trails and bike-paths, etc. etc. etc. Check out my list of specific things to see/do in Central Park.
I love the park, predominantly in the Summer though. Too cold to walk through in the winter for my brown skin. I keep telling my roomate to go here to find a date. I don't really know if that works though. Oh well
Fantastic oasis in "The Big City."  Don't have to really say anything else, just have to experience it for yourself!
It's Central Park. Even my grandmother knows about this place. But, being the fantastic Yelper that I am, I will write about it anyways. But how do I show my love for one so sought after? This fantastical park that induces laughter. On a road that's shared with humans and dogs alike This fantastical park where you can hike and bike. How about a poem that expresses my feelings? For this fantastical park that is so endearing.
Its CENTRAL FUCKIN PARK..... what else needs to be said? but it is better with people you care about rather then hiding in bushing a throwing shit at joggers.
Love love LOVE Central Park. Beats Golden Gate Park. Sorry, SF. Rowing boats in Central Park is better than rowing boats in Stow Lake. I love all the trees and the pathways. I visited NY in the summer so it was very humid and all the flying bugs were out, but I didn't mind spending hours here. I would love to come here in the Fall so I can see all the colorful leaves! I found a lot of areas where I just wanted to sit down, relax, take a nap or have a picnic and sadly to say, I haven't really felt that same urge whenever I'm in GGP unless it's during an outdoor concert.
The original vision for Central Park is still being realized every day... a beautiful place where rich and poor, every ethnicity and background, can go to escape the pressure of city life.  It's one of the few places in New York not created just to make some merchant or politician piles and piles of money.  Not that piles and piles of money are bad...
I definitely underestimated the size of the park that's for sure! This was the first time I have been here and it was a nice experience. I feel bad for the people who live here because they are probably bombarded by the vendors who are trying to sell you tickets, bikes, etc. That part got kind of annoying. Besides the fact that there was poop everywhere, the park was very pleasant. There were people on their Sunday jog, people walking their pets, and people like me who were sightseeing. There was a small fair going on too! I'm not sure if that is a usual thing. We didn't get the chance to go to the zoo but we probably will next time.
It's amazing today!! There are toilets, there is room to play ball games, you can buy food drinks and ice cream. There is a zoo an there is a carousel. There is water but not too swim in. It's a buzy park but there is still alot of room to sit and have brunch lunch or whatever on a bench or in the grass. I can net get over how clean this park is!! Amazing!
Amazingly beautiful! The best places to enter are 59th street and or I think 81st? There are lots of statues and beautiful artwork throughout the park. Bring your camera!
There is much to say about a place this big!! I enjoy go there at any day at any time!! There is always something to do... for kids adults and elderly... Just a walk in the park, ride the bike, enjoy all the nature and sight birds, raccoons and much more... Take a look at their website for events or just go there for a walk!
Central Park in NYC is MASSIVE.  It's so much more accessible via bicycle.  I had the great pleasure of enjoying an amazing December day with great sunny 43`F weather in Central Park. I wish every winter day was like today 12/08/2007.  Just fantastic!
Who doesn't love Central Park?
I mean... It's Central Park. Is this really something anyone's gonna check on Yelp? It's huge, clean, beautiful. It's an escape from the madness of the Big Apple :)
Nice park but very touristy and always crowded. I prefer Riverside due to the abundance of dog parks and lack of tourists.
This was a must see during my trip to New York.  It was as beautiful as I'd always thought it would be and very peaceful and serene.   I didn't even get to walk through Central Park as I wanted, but when I come back, I will definitely spend more time here.
What can one say about Central Park that hasn't already been said yet?  It's a great place to be all year round.  In the summer, it is great for a quiet reading space or other similar activities (picnics, social gatherings, etc.)  And in the winter, the park is a photographer's dream.  When it snows, it becomes a winter wonderland.  Everyone should go and frolick and get lost in nostalgia.
Central park is a NYC icon.  Simply beautiful and relaxing (when its not crowded).  I feel the best time to come here is during a Sunday fall evening when the leaves are changing color and the sun is setting.  You have to check out the Bow Bridge, rent a bike, take a carriage ride or just relax.  Its a great time to spend with family or friends or just to go alone.
I always wanted to join the legion of bikers that invade the park every weekend and see what the park looked like at bike speed.  I was able to score a free bike rental from some nice people that I share my office with so I figured this was the perfect opportunity to knock something off the bucket list.   The worst part was having to walk your bike 3 blocks from the bike rental store to the park.  However, once you get on, I started to embrace eternity.   There is a pretty standard bike path that circles the perimeter of the park.  Through some optical illusion you seem to be spending more time coasting downhill than struggling uphill, which was great, because my bike didn't have any gears.   The path is close enough to the big bodies of water so that you can step off and take advantage of the serenity of watching tranquil bodies of H2O.  With no breaks, you can do the full circuit in about 30 minutes, and it is an excellent way to pass 30 minutes!
It's Central Park. It is what it is, an escape from 5th street Higher-Ups, escape from the hustle & bustle of Times Square... My recommendation is to enjoy it- climb the rocks, witness the waterfalls, touch the trees, walk on the grass (the worst the park rangers will do is scold you* smile and move on) If you want a challenge- for me it is magical in that sense that nostalgia usually has on someone... Is to find the Balto Statue, a true underdog, who will never be forgotten;)
Price: Free; Unless you do something like boating which is a $20 downpayment + $12/hr What can you not do in here? Go and get lost - literally. Jogging, Biking, Skating, Tanning, Eat a hot dog, Have a pretzel, Have an ice cream bar, Boating, Read a book, Have a picnic, Go for a summer concert, Feed a duck (not sure if this is allowed), Sit by a fountain, Sit on a rock, Sit in a meadow, Watch random performers, Swimming (if you're into public pools), Marvel at the flowers, Walk your dog, Ride in a pedicab, Ride in a horse drawn carriage... you get the picture. No matter the weather inside is beautiful. Even in nice weather when the city is overflowing with pedestrian traffic you can always find a little nook here to call your own. Fantastic.
This is the place that keeps me from leaving New York... from Sheep Meadow to the Boathouse.. I love New York. :)
Great big public park to walk through that looks different in different seasons. It is 843 acres and has around 25 million visitors each year. You can see different animals in the park and a great view of buildings. There are lots of sculptures in the park that are nice to go and have a look at. It has an ice skating rink.
I love the outdoors and was very excited to come and see/experience the famous Central Park.  I didn't even know where to start, and was not able to even walk through 1/3 of the park.  Started at Museum Mile, walked past The Met, didn't even make it to the Guggenheim.   Really wanted to see the carousel, couldn't find it, lol.  I have no words to explain how much I loved this park.  Always something to do, watch street performers, eat, play sports, find random people playing a scavenger hunt game.  All people from different walks of life, make Central Park what it is, and I just wanted to sit there all day.   I was glad I was able to see Strawberry Fields, seeing the Imagine Symbol on the sidewalk, made my trip complete.  Everyone gathered around it and just took it in, people were singing, talking, or just chilling around this epic yet simple symbol.   My feet did hurt and getting out of the park was confusing, but I didn't care if I had to be carried out, it was worth it.
No matter how old I get, how jaded I feel, or even if everyone I've asked to says no, I will always be one of those people who still think that riding in a horse drawn carriage around the park or rowing a boat around the lake is romantic. I have this idea that that is the perfect date so note to self- if you ever decide to date me, those are no brainers right there. To me Central Park is magical. When one is in the park, all is right. Yesterday, I had a half day at work so I went to the park, had an impromptu picnic via Whole Foods, did some reading, and rested for about 3 1/2 hours near the Hecksher Ballfields sprawled on my makeshift beach mat (a deconstructed yellow poncho from Toys R Us). The shoes were off, the weather was warm, and a jazz quartet complete with singer were playing in the near distance. I stared up at the sky and watched the giant tree above me sway in the wind. It provided just  the right amount of shade and rustled. I thought- this is a perfect day. I have had so many great moments and experiences in Central Park from ice skating with new college friends in Wollman Rink to exploring the off the beaten path secret trails with my most favorite person in the whole wide world. I saw Joan Jett at Summerstage, paid homage to John Lennon in Strawberry Fields, and mingled with animals at the zoo. Some of my favorite spots are Bethesda Fountain, Belvedere Castle, Turtle Pond, and Sheep Meadow. I have yet to experience Shakespeare in the Park, the Philharmonic on the Great Lawn, and eat at Tavern on the Green. There is so much to see and do at Central Park. It's huge and I have about another 25 blocks to cover before I can even say I've seen all of it. Central Park will always provide the perfect backdrop for your pictures, set the mood for unforgettable moments, and be a blank canvas for your adventure of the day. It will be there with you in four different fashions taking you from Winter to Spring and Summer into Fall. I can't think of any better place in NYC than Central Park to be my 400th review on Yelp. We've come a long way and there are still so many more words to be written.
What is there not to love about Central Park? One of the best things about New York City. There's so much to do and see in this man-made mecca and it's.....free. There are so many paths in this beautiful masterpiece, that it's extremely easy and welcomed if you get lost. How else are you supposed to find those hidden gems?? There is nothing better then bringing your favorite book and laying out and having the grass between your toes. You don't even have to go to the Great Lawn, there are plenty of green spaces for you to slip away and relax and take in the fresh air. The great thing about Central Park is all the memories that come flooding back to as you walk around. Such a beautiful park, do take the time and walk it and revel in it's glory.
i know this is probably overdone, but seriously...  walk through the whole place and you will appreciate it more with every step.  only here can you be astounded by natural (okay, planted) beauty and be confronted with a skyline of skyscrapers, then bury yourself back into the dream by soaking in some free summertime orchestral performance.  booyahhh grandma.   a few more things to take note of: shakespeare in the park [get tickets EARLY], tavern on the green [super classy hip eatery, pretentious], and sheep meadow [huge field, great for playing catch/frisbee].
Well, everyone has heard of Central Park and it lives up to expectations. It has great expanses of green and lots of attractions, inlcuding the horse and carriage rides which mean you can explore the park at a leisurely pace without even getting sore feet! When we were there, there were a number of weddings taking place, with brides and grooms from various nations and backgrounds, which made it even better. There are giant chessboards, lovely water features and fantastic trees and plants. Altogether, you can easily forget the madness of the city and just lay back and relax - it really is an essential part of any trip to NYC.
I absolutely love Central Park!  It's the perfect place to go running, strolling, biking, or just laying out.  Warning: if you decide to ride a tandem bike around the entire park, be prepared to take a taxi home =p. There are vendors throughout the park, so food and drinks are readily available. This park is lovely in all seasons.  I recently visited it in spring time and they have the most beautiful flowers there.  Occasionally, you'll even see a live concert in the park. It's the perfect place to be in or fall in love ;)
To those of my acquaintences who upon comparing suburban life to an urban one bring up the issue of "nature" or "lack of a backyard," I have a single retort: CENTRAL PARK. I am lucky enough to quite literally be able to call Central Park my backyard since I live a mere two blocks from it, but all of New York (and visitors, too) can share and lay claim to this glorious, green domain. And let's be honest, its WAAAAAY better than the average suburban backyard. Trees? Check. Grass? Um, duh. Open space? ...Have you never been there?! After those three requirements for a "backyard" are met, the best a suburban home can do is spruce it up with a pool or one of those large playsets (if you're lucky, kid). Central Park offers a wide range of activities to the average visitor, from the everyday to the more special and exciting. Its a place to sunbathe or have a picnic, to toss around a frisbee or bike down the roads at speeds that could literally kill, skate in the winter at Wollman Rink, or enjoy one of many free concerts or productions on the Great Lawn or with Shakespeare in the Park. However, what I enjoy most about Central Park is the ability to just enjoy being surrounded by nature as I take a walk. Most of the time you can still notice the skyline bordering the park, but there are places where, for a brief moment, the buildings disappear from sight and the sounds of traffic give way to the birds and leaves rustled by the wind.
Central Park is everything nice you can think of: If I were asked "What should I do in NYC??!" I would say "Take a walk in Central Park". It is GORGEOUS. It's probably the best park in the whole world. It's in a big rectangular shape and it's really easy to walk in and not get lost. The breeze on a nice sunny day feels so nice. People sun-bathing/meditating on a huge rock. Take a picture with the infamous Hans Christian Andersen statue. Find the Alice in Wonderland statue. Rent a bike if you want to go through the whole park in a few hours. Get a hot dog at the hot dog stands. Track down the Waffles&Dinges truck and definitely get a waffle! and lastly, you WILL get HARASSED by the rikusha guys urging you to take them up on a bicycle wagon ride. I personally like it better just walking in the park by feet. If you have money to splurge, there's a long line of horse-drawn cinderella style carriages in the entrance of the park waiting at your service. Are you still reading reviews on it?? Just go to the park!!!!
BEAUTIFUL!!  Must see, even if you are only in New York for a day.  Don't miss the boathouse or the big fountain close to it (they were filming Law and Order, so we weren't able to go under the bridge which looks really cool).  So much to see and do, I wish we had had more time.  Why can't Golden Gate Park be this relaxing, clean, green, and empty of homeless?
There is so much to do & see in central park,will begin with the zoo which you can get to from just across 5th ave.There are over 130 different types of animals there ranging from polar bears to birds(the tropical birds are amazing with such beautiful colours)Boys will love the snakes,frogs etc section.The sealion tank to the rear of the zoo is a great place to start & watch them play.Have a ride on the carousel while you're there or take a horse & trap to view as much as possible in 1 go as walking around would take too long.You will find that central park has the only grass & unpotted trees in Manhattan,hopefully my next visit u'll be able to see it with snow as it looks amazing on pics they had there
Great place to run, people watch, and soak up the sun. This park never gets old.
New York's icon with 843 acres of urban wilderness.  Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux's masterpiece in creating an osaiss in a bustling city.  It's my safe haven during my work shift for quiet time sitting on a bench conjuring new poetry material.  I enjoy taking romantic walks on off-duty hours which revive me to a tranquil state of mind.  It's definitely a tourist trap with the boat rides and horse-drawn carriages.  Strawberry Fields is worth the visit to see a living memorial for the late John Lennon.  Yes, pets are permitted and kid friendly.  I highly recommend a visit in October or November at the peak where the passage of season occurs for leaves to change colors.  Photographers of all levels will obtain a picturesque backdrop indeed! Locals and tourists must bring your camera(s)! N.B. It's unsafe for park patrons to utilize the grounds at night.
LOVE Central Park! It's the most perfect place to just go alone and walk around. Or you can take your significant other and take a romantic stroll. Bring family and friends and have a picnic. It's beautiful in the fall and summer. There's always something to do.. whether it's bike riding (you can actually rent bikes, if you don't have one).. boating.. there's a castle.. lakes galore... gardens.. free concerts in the park.. horse and carriage rides.. ice skating..=)
My favourite thing about central park is the Alice in Wonderland statue...it makes me wish I was still tiny enough to climb up onto the mushroom and feel like I'd eaten one of the little cakes...or drunk the potion.
What is there to say?
You know probably enough about Central Park to get you there if you're in the area. Nothing I say will change that but just in case... It's just beautiful. Even in the freezing cold of winter I still enjoyed strolling through the park. I can't even imagine how gorgeous it must be in the summer. It may bring me back to the city just so I can see this park all lushed up. Grab a hot dog and enjoy a stroll.
*i reviewed CP a while back (see reviews) but wanted to make a new review with a lot more to add* I've always loved going to Central Park when I was younger that I decided I wanted to get married there in October of 2005. Unfortunately my day was blessed with a lot of rain but during our actual vows the sun peeked out for just a couple of minutes.  Even in the rain the park was beautiful. We were married in The Conservatory Garden (south garden) up between 104th and 105th streets. The trees were just beautiful goldenrod, flaming reds, and oranges - October 22nd was a perfect time to have an autumn wedding in Central Park. Of course I have spent a lot of time doing other things at CP in the past...a few shows/concerts, softball, the zoo, biking, people watching, many upon many walks, and reading some books on the grass and benches. Now that I have been into photography more in the past couple years - I plan on taking some of those typical but awesome parts of the park with the mist and the trees. My favorite times to be at the park: autumn (for the colors and crisp air) and winter (for the snow of course) but I also love going there in the summer and spring too because I love all seasons. ;)
I love this park, I live very near to it. It's safe (Nothing bad has ever happened to me here ever.)  It's gorgeous in every season, especially Spring, with the pink blooms.     It's a great touristy place to take photos of your family, pets, scenery, whatever you want.  It's great to be able to come here after a long hectic day in the city and just breathe in the 'fresh' air and smell the trees and flowers lol. I mostly come here to read or draw in my sketchbook. But even with all of that I think it's all been said already about what this great and yes 'legendary' park has to offer. I hope it stays clean, and safer for many more years to come.
Did a great walk for a cold winters day: got 6 to 110th St and picked up coffee/cake at Savoy just E of subway on 110, then into park via NE corner and straight away met Harlem Meer, lovely. Then meandered up hill thru wild area ...eventually going via reservoir to 60th St at SE end. GREAT and so much fresh air.
I've been at central park for several times & i haven't seen none of stars walking by the park ever, when my brother was living their for a couple of years on 5th ave.  The Park seemed to be 1 of the parks that has the size of propsect park in brooklyn.
Biggest and nicest park to New Yorkers. It certainly boosts up the real estate price around it. The downside is obvious coz it's also flooded with tourists, and the design wise, I can't put my words exactly to say where it is lack of, but it just felt not as cool as Prospect Park. Anyway, it's still a blessing to have Central Park in the city. Just keep in mind - hype always comes with a price.
Central Park. What hasn't been said? It is the epitome of what a park should be like. It is what our normal parks are like on steroids. I only had the opportunity to walk about 1/3 of it but what I saw was simply beautiful. You have everything from an animal zoo to a lake to an ice skating rink inside. It offers different activities for all walks of life. I was able to climb up some of the gynormous rocks throughout the park, one of which had a nice view of the infamous Plaza Hotel. I love how all the locals bring their kids inside for a nice calm stroll. Either that or they just lay down on the grassy areas to read with their dogs. The trees and the benches put me at peace. I want to come back and rent a boat out on their lake one day. Amazing.
This place is for all people during all seasons - simply a wonderful place to go to. Long paths to stroll on and places to sit and take in the park's atmosphere. There's always something that catches the eye and other senses. Grab a pretzel from a cart and observe: the eyes see the lush greenery and scenery. the smell takes in the refreshing air. the ears hear musicians playing in a distance. Simply one of NYC's greatest attractions and for good reason. It's the quieter side of NYC with the long stretches of greenery sans the rush and disturbances of traffic.
This was the one place that I missed going to which was 17 yrs ago!!! And now in May of 2013... I finally got a chance to go and see Central Park!!! A lot of famous movies were filmed here and I know one of them which is Home Alone Lost In New York!!!
Well as Parks in New York City Go. its in the top 10, Its not as dirty as most people would think. and its a great place for photo shoots. Let me know if you want me to take your picture there.
NYC is full of non stop action and activity, with something to touch upon every one of your senses.  Central Park is the perfect oasis in the midst of all that chaos.   For those looking for a change of scenery, a change or pace or to just get away from crowds of people, the park is a great place for a nice long run or a relaxing walk, a chance to catch up with friends, row a boat or read that great book you've been mealing to finish  (yelp.com/biz_photos/xOw4…).  There's something for just about everyone, including those that wish to do nothing more than people watch or stock up on their vitamin D.   On my visit I was able to cross over the Gapstow (yelp.com/biz_photos/xOw4…) and Bow bridges, see the Bethesda Terrace and fountain, look out over the lake at the folks rowing boats, walk under the arch of trees in the Mall (yelp.com/biz_user_photos…), listen to a few really great bands and singers and sit on a bench and take it all in.  It was nice to be able to get away from all the crowds at Times Square or SoHo. Central Park is really beautiful and user friendly.   When I visit NYC, I notice that I tend to walk faster, talk faster and just always be on the go go go!  However, when I need a break to recharge my batteries, it's off to Central Park for break.
What an amazing park to spend the day at... Luckily, the weather was just right for a long walk in the park. Sunny with a light breeze. It was much needed after my food adventure. Walked it off. :/ But right after I went to Shack Shack and had a Shack stack burger. Ha! I always see scenes in movies filmed in Central Park and when I was walking by these bridges and benchs,etc. It was an amazing experience. I was taking it all in. I didn't get to go to the park my first visit and I was disappointed but thankfully, I did this recent trip. It was a wonderful day in the park! I'd love to come back during the winter.
With all the reviews from other yelpers' there won't be one thing I say that hasn't already been said. The truth is I loved it. I'm not from NYC so it bums me out that I can't have a daily fix of central park. I've visited central park twice, and both times have been in the rain. Which I feel was the best time for a non-new yorker because I didn't have to smell horse poop! I saw all the the points of the park from the imagine memorial to the Bethsada fountain. Absolutely gorgeous. I love this park because you can get lost here and not be upset by it. I hope to come back again for a sunny walk as opposed to a cloudy one.
I loves me the Central Park North entrance to the 6 mile loop. It proves a good start to a nice bike ride, or run. Plus, there's the ice skating rink too. And it just smells so nice! Much better than the bottom of the park, which smells like horse crap. Oh and Shephard's Lawn is nice in the summer too... :-)
My backyard, it may be in the middle of the largest city in N. America but when I'm running around the park in winter I have it all to myself.  Come rain or shine Central Park is one of the great breathing spaces in any major city....a must see on any visit into the city.  For those coming in out of town, head up to the north side of the reservoir for the best views of midtown.
I have strong affinity towards Central Park, it's a must visit for me every time I visit NYC. I've been to NYC at least 4-5 times and each time I discovered something new at Central Park, whether it be the Zoo, Bethesda Terrace & Row Boating, Belvedere Castle or Strawberry Fields, they're all awesome. Highly recommended for a quick getaway from all the honking and the concrete.
How could you NOT love this place?? This place is like almost as good as Disneyland..it's the happiest place on earth in NY at least to me... Went on the carriage for a romantic ride in Central Park which costs $50.00 for only 20 minutes which is a rip off but you gotta try it once.   On Saturday we went paddle boating for only $12 for one hour how cheap is that..we had sooo much fun..I felt like i was in the movies..sooo surreal..sooo nice. I really loveee Central Park..Next time I'm in NY I definitely want to go for a walk/jog around this whole place.. THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE if your VISITING NEW YORK!!!
Walkers and bicyclists get to take full advantage of the park on weekends since motor vehicles are kept out. We rented bikes and rode the entire loop road so it was a great way to get a good overview of this gem of a city park. Make time to just hang out, get off the bikes in several places to just take it all in. There were several live open air March musical performances going on in different areas while we where there. Would be nice to see the drink vendors selling more pure juices and healthful choices than just the standard sugary and chemistry lab loaded drinks. Check out the interesting terrain in the north half to see what Manhattan might have been partially like before all the streets and grading took over.
How could anyone ever say anything bad about this place. It is the greatest escape from the city and its right in the center of the island! I used to live a few blocks away and I could go for a run around the reservoir in the morning. There was no better way to start the day. As the sun is rising over the reservoir and the buildings are reflected in the water, and Lloyd Banks is blaring over my iPod... It's really a wonderful thing.
Ah such a wonderful place in the summer and just magical in the winter, you haven't lived until you have walked through central park.
Its nice to find a big open space in a crowded city where you can go to relax.  Central Park is wonderful, peaceful and calming.  I always try to stop by when I can and just stroll through, especially after it snows.  The trees look amazing covered in white and it just has a magical feel to it.  I also love the summers here when its breezy and there are alot of activities going on.
Good Planning To provide Green to all which Is a lesson that is being ignored.
We talk about having a good life. Having a best life. We say this sort of thing - sorry, THANG - all the time. Best life is nice. But what we're after, what I'm really after is a "blessed life." And who can argue with that? You out there? I can't heart you. Heck, I can't even see you, babe. Just cruising the blessed life of a best guy out on the town. Hitting promenades, esplanades and other thangs that end in "nade." Understand now? Am I being clear? Hope not. Letting the sun hit you in the face is one of the best life's little treasures. Spreading out on a green lawn. Dreaming of Olmsted and Vaux playing bridge in the big park in the sky. They got it. Holy cow did they get it. Especially Freddie Baby with his incomparable Connecticut charm. Cal Vaux was a quiet honeyboy but a honeyboy nonetheless. I don't want a blanket or some picnic area to obstruct my skin on grass. Don't bring a blanket to the park if I'm around. I'll ditch it. Throw it away with the rest of the garbage in this godless city. Don't give me a superfluous buffer. I want grass rubbing all over. I come to parks to feel all that green. Give me blue? Fine. That's a bonus. But green, green is all I need. And here we are. Central Park. Still crushing it after all these years.
A trip to NYC is not complete without a trip to central park.  The gentle rolling hills and green grass are just the respite I need.  A great place to park your dogs and have a little fun (literally and figuratively).  The clock at the zoo was really neat and kids will love the petting zoo.  I also love the vendors on the outskirts of the park selling picutres of the city.  Try not to frequent the horse drawn carriages since those poor animals look like they have been rode home hard and put up wet.
Ah... the infamous central park.  I love walking through here whenever I can, and living on the upper east side makes it extremely convenient.  After 2 years I sadly still find myself lost at times though.  Picnicking, jogging or reading a book on one of the many benches in the spring/summer, watching little kids sledding and people ice skating in the winter... central park is a wonderful escape from busy city life during all 4 seasons.
Check! Came here during The holidays:) what better way to get around.... Ride the carriages! Not only is it romantic, but it beats walking around and freezing your booty off! I had a very memorable experience, you should too! Come here!!
I was surprised to see Central Park appear in "new reviews near you," but I decided I might as well weigh in. If you give this park any fewer than 5 stars, there is something wrong with  you, and you will never be truly happy. The park is a triumph of park design, has something for absolutely everyone, and is a much-needed, massive oasis of greenery in the midst of our concrete jungle.
Unbelievable nature space in the middle of Manhattan. It is best to get lost into all the various trails without a map and explore the whole park.
So many nice views here.  Great for pictures.  The park circles some good eats as well
the Greatest Place ive ever seen. Spend my Hollydays in New York 2 years ago and would get a walk trough this Park... It was an amasing Feeling
Best in the world, hands down. History, community, events, childrens activities, and strawberry fields for John Lennon. What can be better? Hate to see the poor horses, hopefully that stop that nonsense soon. :(
Whether you're catching a concert, walking on the paths, throwing around a football, laying out, watching runners in the NYC marathon or just taking pictures or watching movies being filmed....Central park has it all :) Makes me love NYC just that much more!
You can't go wrong in Central Park.  The Marionette Theater is wonderful for kids and families.  Turtle Pond is cool and houses THOUSANDS of turtles and has a great view of the castle.  Strawberry Fields is cool and there is usually people singing Lennon songs down around the IMAGINE mural, which is only walking steps away from the Dakota where Lennon was shot and killed.  The Great Lawn is awesome.  The Bethesda Fountain is a must see.  The Mall is probably my favorite spot for people watching.  And the whole park is surrounded by great shopping, museums and neighborhoods.
Incomparably awesome.  Everytime I've visited NYC, I've come to this place, and it's been fabulous every single time.  It simply has so much to offer, with all the incredible scenery, remarkable events, interesting performances, wide open fields for sports, the list goes on and on.  I simply love Central Park.  It is perhaps the single greatest part of NYC.
I prefer to go during the week when it's less crowded. But I always enjoy the natural environment either way.
The food is terrible and the service is just so-so. Drum circles abound, which one would think any city on the up-and-up would violently disband or at the very least ban outright. The 'lake' is an over-hyped pond overcrowded with boats and not nearly enough ducks. Redeeming features include prolific amounts of well-to-do dogs walking about and adorable children chasing squirrels and such.
I love NYC and I love Central Park.  I use to come with my family for all day picnics.  The zoo is so much fun, just sitting by the lakes are fun.  Nature is awesome and how could you not enjoy a park this huge. You can get completely lost in the center of the park and forget the massive city that surrounds it.  My boyfriend and I go for walks in the park a lot.  Very romantic. I've been able to walk in the park for hours after work in heels and not mind one bit.  Though the company may have had a lot to do with that. :)   One thing we haven't done is remember to bring a blanket to park our butts on.  Note to self for the spring. Bonus for the people that don't want to come here for romance - we saw a hawk like bird snatch up a mouse, chill on a branch with it, kill it and fly away - there's something for everyone here.   There's so much to see and do.  I've seen dance concerts, music concerts, participated in Santa Con, seen magicians, random stuff, you  name it.  People watching is a favorite sport of mine when in the park too.
I had a beautiful run around the reservoir here last week. I love the area, and Central Park is just magical. Love it. Great for running, biking, walking, relaxing, picnicking, people watching... everything!
You can't go to NYC without visiting Central Park.  It's huge, I got blisters from walking around the park.
Simply beautiful. It was a sunny, perfect day to walk around. Wish I had more time. The pedi-cabs rates were outragous!
This park is huge! What a great place to go to relax and gather yourself, away from the busy streets of Manhattan. The park is neatly landscaped and is maintained very well. Unfortunately, I'm writing this review in March when the trees don't have leaves yet, but I'm sure the park is even more amazing once its more green again. On a side note, my friends and I stopped by the Wollman Ice Skating Rink at the southern tip of the park. Pretty cool scenery and a great place to go ice skating. Central Park is also conveniently located next to the American Museum of Natural History and other cool museums. Legit.
I love you Central Park. Thanks for helping me trick my girlfriend into thinking I'm more than just a pretty face. Come here, bring some lemonade, chat and watch animals (and people animals) do weird things, and BAM you are instantly a deep, sensitive guy. Minus one star for the pretty much guaranteed rape and/or murder if you go after it's dark. Thanks homeless people.
I suppose a must for anyone visiting or living in NYC. Lush green grass to lay out on (I've done), play sports on (done), or just hang out (of course). Also used to play softball here, so there's a lot of space for everything. They have some cool festivals here too, like a pumpkin one in the fall and a jazz one too, where you can walk around and listen to various artists play music. It's like a walking symphony. They also have a very clean (surprisingly for a public pool) pool on the grounds too.  Go just to see a random patch of grass in the middle of this huge island and be blown away.
I love the pine area.  I've run here so much, to work out, and in races.  I've skated in the rink, I've taken my boys to the zoo.  I've had pick nicks, and eaten in the restaurant.  I've walked and biked and bladed and swam.  I love the outdoors and it's brilliant to have parks.  Thank you city planners.  They have waterfalls and bodies of water, and botanical gardens.  What more could you want?
There is no park that compares.    Beautiful Central Park the lyrics you've given are so sweet. Just sit back and take a seat people watch or rest your feet.
Seriously?!  It's central park!  Get your butt down here and enjoy the scenery!   That is all.
I love this park, I'd sit here summers on the green green grass, and lucky enough to watch so many free concerts.  Hey I'm thirsty..oh look a hot dog stand. Rollerblade through it.  It's the best. Water park for the kids...shh but I'm 25 yrs old, 5 feet tall and run through it all the time lol. But I do come here with kids, gives me a good excuse to play in it... One of my favorite parks.
You can't spend time in this GIANT park and not give it anything but 5 stars!  We took a tour that showcased locations that had been used for movie/tv locations, and it included a lot of the history and trivia about this stunning park.
Central is a wonderful place to unwind and relax. It never ceases to impress me. I love the events, people, and the place itself is just about lovely. I usually play hide and seek with my little cousins. It helps me to be a little more active in an urban location.
Cannot top this park - well GGP is better - Riverside Park is great too. I prefer the north end and the museum mile.
A park that seems to have inadvertently hung its hat on the Dickens' lines: IT WAS the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way- in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only. Okay, enough literary allusion. This is one large park with a nook or cranny or extraordinarily public spot just for you. To have such an expanse of greenery and opportunity in the seeming center of such a bustling city is a gift. You can rent a rowboat and enjoy the idyllic setting and look across the pond to see the Roosevelt where John Lennon was shot. There are a plethora of statues to view and pedicabs if you get tired of walking. There is a zoo and playgrounds and just about anything else you could want or conjure in a city park.
Just what Manhattan and New York needs. An urban oasis in the middle of a busy city!! Can't wait to go tanning again during the summer!!! Be ware some place smell like horse p**p but overall, the park is a JEWEL for the city!!
One of the most beautiful parts of NYC.  It's a little bit of peace, nestled among the craziness of the rest of the city.  Coming from away, it really was everything I had imagined it to be.  Lovely.  I  could have spent all day meandering around, people watching and lazing about on the lawns.  A must visit on any trip to NYC and it's super easy to get to!
I'm sure that there's not much I could add about Central Park that hasn't already been said, but what the hell.  I can't imagine a New York without Central Park.  There are so many movies, tv shows and books where it's been immortalized.  And that's because it's so much a part of New York.  It's a great place to escape, but not forget that you are in New York.  I doubt there's another park like it. Where else can you find a zoo, an ice skating rink, street performers, tourists, horses, a merry go round, and lots of kooky characters.
Awesome park. Went biking for an hour for $9. Watch out for the food carts that try to rip you off. They tried to sell me $2 water for $3 multiple times.
I'm shocked that anyone could rate this less than 5 stars! Central Park is for everyone and everyone loves Central Park. This is great weather for it but...I miss the warmth. :( I hope all you jaded Yelpers don't take this place for granted - it is pretty easy to walk passed and not even notice it after a while. I try to stick to off hours, but I don't mind too many people (and yes, friendly tourist, I will take a picture for you! :)).
So if I've reviewed Golden Gate Park and compared the two... I must review Central Park. They are both similar in size, although GGP is slight larger than CP. There are tons of beautiful places in the park. A great place to spend your entire day outdoors. Kayaking, picnik-ing, jogging, bicycling, taking one of those horse-drawn carriage rides around the park, the CP Zoo, I mean, the list goes on [and at times, seems endless]. So head out to the park and you won't be disappointed.
Technically not the largest park in the United States, that honor goes to Forest Park in Saint Louis, MO. Central Park is a true New York City treasure and landmark, certainly not to be missed for anyone visiting the Big Apple. This is quite possibly the best way to spend an afternoon in New York, you can get lost exploring the trails, stop off for a bite to eat, and rent a row boat and enjoy the water. Another great thing to do is people watch, you will see all kinds of people in the park, so it can be somewhat entertaining at times. My suggestion grab a book, find a nice spot to relax while getting lost in your book all while taking in the amazing scenery of the park and the city.
I could have spent the entire day in Central Park....Wait a minute, I did.  After entering the park just north of the Onasis Reservoir up on E. 96th, I walked all of the way down to Columbus Circle and then through Times Square.  I am not sure if there is a better way to spend a Spring day in the city.  New York City is so blessed to have such a great stretch of park land for all to enjoy.
Just a gorgeous park.
The place dreams are made of... okay we're not in Iowa, but Central Park deserves some serious props. What can't you do in this monstrous place... Yeah, get back to me on that one. I'm not sure I can think of a better spot to spend a beautiful May day then Central Park. There's a plethora of benches,shady spots to set up shop for some serious R&R. It's even fun to watch some of the more athletically inclined play softball. I wish there were more food options around, but I can see they want to keep this place as free of commercial enterprise as possible. The annoying guys touting bikes by the Columbus Circle entrance, need to get a clue. But outside of that minor nuisance, go find your little slice of heaven in the urban jungle we call New York.
This is the park that Golden Gate Park is modeled after.  No really it is.  This was a must see for me on my brief stay in NY (back in Oct. 2011).  It's right next to the Guggenheim.  So after our tour we walked across the street and headed into Central Park. We got to meander around the lake or reservoir (whatever you want to call it), and began walking south bound to meet up with my cousin.  We were only in the East and South part of the park so we didn't get the full experience.  But what I did like about my brief intro to Central Park was the wide running trail around the lake.  There were tons of runners that day and so inspiring to see (running was my thang, until I stopped). This place is a definite must-see again, and a huge expanse to explore.
New York City is a pilgrimage for those who love cities, and Central Park is it's main shrine. This place epitomizes the greatness that is New York City. In the midst of some of the most expensive real estate in the world, you have this green oasis. The fact that this massive swath of very expensive real estate has been retained for all these years as a gift to the people who dwell in this crowded metropolis speaks to New York's greatness. Once while strolling through Central Park the day before Memorial Day, I came upon the lagoon, filled with lazy rowboats, a row of Central Park West skyscrapers just beyond the trees, and a cross section of humanity enjoying the nice weather at the water's edge. Sure, it was "crowded," but it was every race, religion and ethnicity in the world, coming to this one place to enjoy the sun, trees and water. That beautiful scene will always be the first thing I think of when I think of New York.
There is not much about Central Park that hasn't been said. This is a place that is integral to the city. Without it, this would have not been the same town. Central Park is a character in itself. It has played the central role in many a film, book, play, song and piece of art. At times, dark and scary, and at others it's bright, fun and playful. There's room in this park for everyone to enjoy. My favorite is the fact that there's a zoo, a lake and that the bedrock juts right up out of the grass providing natural resting places. I used to take my lunch breaks here and in the summer I'd lay on the bedrock and sun myself while reading a book or taking a quick nap.
Can you really give anything less than 5 stars for Central park - paradise in the middle of chaos?! Absolutely, LOVED our trip there. We made a picnic out of it. Took some food, walked the whole way from Harlem to south. Took in all the attractions. Took about 5-6 hours. Experienced some rain in Belvedere castle, sun at the play grounds. LOVED it! Didnt get to see the zoo, oh well, everything else was beautiful as such. Oh yeah, there was a roller skate dance-a-thon and soap bubble events going on. Was fun to watch!
Cmon, what am i gunna say about this spot that hasnt already been said?! Chillin with moms and the lady one warm spring day, watching people, people watching; we were like 'yo what the hell are THOSE people watching?!'  Ummmmm, not only did we witness people stopping and looking, but also photographing and pointing in absolute amazement at......at.....SQUIRRELS! For real?! Yall aint never seen squirrels before? What in the hell is going on? Like rats, roaches, and birds; arent squirrels one of those 'worldwide' animals? Perhaps not, because these heads were acting like these squirrels were friggin Hollywood movie stars! I went home and told all my friends that i saw some squirrels today and they looked at me like i had 2 heads! If ya visiting or living NYC, and ya havent kicked it in Central Park, ya missin out! Go kick it for a while, take a walk, smoke a blunt, sip some coffee; whatever, keep those eyes and ears open, some crazy shit is bound to happen! Central Park, never a dull moment! Oh....and those horse & carriage tours...STINK NASTY! I looked at the price for a ride when we walked past them and...NO.  Heeaaaaaaaeeell NO!
First place I visited when I was in New York and I also visited on Valentine's Day during my vacation 3 weeks ago.  It was so awesome seeing all these lovebirds in the park.  What an awesome experience.  This park is so beautiful in person but I really wish I came here during the summer because there were no leaves on the trees :(  Anyway, you could seriously get lost in Central Park without even knowing it!   After 26 years, I finally got to see this sucker!!  Hopefully next time, I'll be able to see green leaves.
This is the most amazing park I have ever been too! The grounds are well kept and it is a great escape from the busy downtown atmosphere. The place is huge with the many lawns for a nice nap or just to relax and let your stress melt away. Even with the many benches around the park, one can't help but just sprawl out on the green grass and take in the nice summer sun. You can definitely get lost here but this makes it even more fun because you get to find your way out and reenter "life". This parks puts San Francisco's Golden Gate Park to shame!
I feel lucky everyday that I live so close because there's nothing better than getting away and enjoying nature in this hectic city.  I've trained for a half and full marathon in this park and love running around the reservoir, esp in the fall when the sun is setting and the reflection of the buildings off the water is breathtaking.  I just discovered the rock climbing walls at the North Meadow Rec Center (I think that's what it's called).  It's only $7 for as long as you want and so much fun.  Granted, it's not the most advanced course but still a challenge.  My entire body is sore beyond belief but so worth it.  Definitely going back!
This place is an oasis from the hussle and bustle of NYC.  Beautifully maintained.  Great for rollerbladers that love to go up and down gentle hills.  Has a wonderful restaurant with incredible food.  I love the view of the Manhattan Skyline from the park. Plus, this is the only place you can rollerblade (besides Riverside Park) that's decently close to the middle of Manhattan.  Not that there's many times of year you can rollerblade out here... ;)
Everyone should visit Central Park while in NYC!
As the 839th review of Central Park I can say: it's all true. This place is bigger than Ben Hur. I'm not even sure I know what that means. You can occasionally feel like you're in a forest, not in the middle of Manhattan. Thankfully, the rugged rocky terrain made this land less valuable, and so it wasn't developed as quickly as the flatter areas of Manhattan after the mega subdivision. But Central Park wasn't actually part of the original city plan, it was an idea they came to a little later. Can you imagine if Manhattan was ALL grid, and no Central Park?
Parks are the gems of large cities. Central Park is definitely a classic and a "city" of its own. Being from San Francisco, I'm lucky enough to get a taste of Central Park through Golden Gate Park. But of course, Central Park has its own swag. I actually spent a little bit of my birthday here for an introspective moment. Had a picnic with a friend and was fortunate to find myself on a sunny summer day in a spot where young 20-somethings chose to use the area as a tanning bed. I would highly recommend adding Central Park to your walk when visiting the Met. Unfortunately some people forget it's a NY "must see", it isn't some gigantic sky scrapper or towering monument but it is a NY landmark of its own.
Does anyone not like Central Park? I've gone there just to hang out, and I've also gone to film stuff there, and it's always fun and pleasant as long as the weather's nice. It's pretty much an icon of New York, and there's enough room for tons of people to just hang out and chill, or play games, or walk dogs/bike, etc. It's chill in such a busy city, and that's always necessary
Its hard to imagine that a place as busy as New York has such a quiet haven of peace & tranquility! This park is vast & has loads of different attractions within it's gates. New York City Zoo is housed here & the observatory (popular place for weddings) there is also a famous statue of Alice in wonderland which is very popular with children. The highlight of Central Park for me was the lake & hiring a rowing boat. It costs around $10 for 30 minutes. It is so romantic, with all of the skyscrapers in the background but hardly any noise from the main streets as the tress block most of it out. if you are adventourous, you can row around to the castle (Yes, there is even a castle in central park!) and take in the breathtaking views.
One of my favorite places in the city.  Come here on a date, with friends, with your family, or by yourself!  I've seen much of it, including the zoo, but there's still so much to see!  I want to rent a boat and go down the river one day! Cons: too many people on wheels: bikes, horse-drawn carriages, pedicabs, skateboards, etc.  Can't you just go for a leisurely stroll and enjoy the park?!  Another one is the overwhelming scent of horse crap on some of the paths, but if you move deeper into the park (the horses stay on the outskirts), yo
Horse driven carriages, pedi bikes, beautiful grounds, right in the middle of the city! It was cool to tour the grounds where so many films have been shot and remember scenes from different movies that I loved. The location is almost fairy tale. Smack dab in the middle of the city, it's like stepping out of the real world and into a dream. A green, lush, sweet dream. Playgrounds and the zoo. Plenty to do. If you need a break from your day, or your trip, or the non-stop buzz of downtown, step right in and be transported to the tranquility of the nations best known park.
Glorious, a wonder to behold, a bit of heaven tucked away amidst chaos.   A visit to New York isn't complete without a stroll through Central Park, whether it be the newlyweds being photographed along Bow Bridge, gaggles of tourists climbing aboard Alice in Wonderland, saxophonists/cellists/mimes/performance artists littered along Literary Walk and other paths, or other unique sights and  experiences remaining to be had. After spending any time walking through Manhattan, CP exists as a stark contrast to anything resembling the hustle and bustle of urban sprawl, yet, if one were to just look up, the skyscrapers and pre-war buildings stand plainly in sight for all park-goers to see.  Wandering through the city, seeing college-age students and middle-aged business-folk all around, I often wonder where the children have gone, then I come within earshot of the Heckscher Playgrounds and discover, that's where they've all been hiding (and seeking) all along... Ah, Central Park, I look forward with wonder at what memories you'll bring during my next visit!
Central Park, like Napa Valley, is a wonderment in EVERY season.  I love it all year around and it is the one major reason it would be hard to leave the UWS as it is my adopted backyard.  There is magic in Central Park.  I love walking and people watching and reading on a bench.  The statues remind me of civic pride and I love the open fields in the summer and kids sledding in the winter. Magic, I tell you. I even practice my bagpipes in Central Park as I cannot play in my apartment.  I meet loads of interesting people this way.
I only got a small taster of what central park is all about but i loved it, hard to believe there is such a peaceful place in the centre of new york! Its a place to escape the craziness for a few minutes. I loved sheep meadow and paid my respects at strawberry fields, although was expecting more. But only saw a tiny part of the park, i will be back to explore more soon!
Best park ever. Always full of people but really peaceful. Nice events, well maintained. Always perfect for a lunch with friends on the sun. This is a life moment. One of these moments that stayed in memory forever....!
So fun! You can watch people playing in the park and walk around, doesn't matter you'll have an amazing time. This place is almost magical.
I visited Central Park during Spring..I spent most of my day there and I loved it. We even rode the the horse carriage..Romantic? Sure.. It was beautiful at night and I'm glad I got to see it during my visit in NYC. I would want to go back during summer though...
ive never been to a park better than this, want to read a book? want to bring your kids here?, want to have a picnic? want to play basketball? want to swim? want to play softball or baseball? want to run? want to bike? well guess what, this is the place to me what does this park have: children's playground bike path running path softball fields basketball courts handball courts restaurant inside the park a great place to take wedding pictures horse drawn carriages and many many more GOOD THINGS See above PLUS good place to bring a date on - its free YAY! this place is huge, it will take you a long time to tour the entire park fall foliage here is nice great place to take pictures has various ponds good place to get a tan good place to check out hot chicks there is a bike path that leads to the park, easily accessible BAD THINGS TOO MANY tourists, way TOO MANY, when you bike or run, watch out for tourists walking across from side to side with their backs turned, an easy way for an accident to take place plus all the horse crap that you have to deal with when the horse carriages go around bathrooms are limited and the line for the ladies are huge they don't always clean the softball fields after it rains, the crew tends to get lazy at times very difficult to find parking
I went with my wife to New York in December and there is something special about NY at Christmas. Central Park is a must for any visit to the city as it is hugely impressive as this wide-open green space in the centre of a metropolis. We took a horse and carriage ride around the Park and saw the ice rink and other attractions and it was very romantic. If you have the time spend a day exploring and maybe take a picnic. A great place to unwind if you've had a heavy day's shopping the day before!
Central park is one of my favorite parks of NY. Next is Bryant park. It is so big and so peaceful, yet so much is going on. I go here to relax and chill  or even for a simple picnic in the spring/summer time. I love central park, it's been around for years! It's also a beautiful place for the kids.
This huge park has so much going on in it. If you have to walk pass it you might as well detour through it. I found ice skating, chess/checkers, art for sale, a man doing bubble tricks, people taking wedding pictures, etc all happening inside. There are many secluded peaceful places where you forget where you are. There are places to exercise and get great views of the city through the trees. Call 646-862-0997 as you walk and key in the numbers seen on signs through the park - it's a free audio guide.
I kid you not, my friends and I walked from Columbia University, through all of Central Park to museum mile (and beyond) IN FREEZING JANUARY WEATHER...just for black & white cookies made popular by Seinfield. oh right, back to the park. It's gigantic, it's gorgeous, I'd run it in proper attire (after my spoiled California ass gets used to NY weather).
Maybe the most beautiful place in New York, especially before Christmas.
My favourite bit of New York, amazing to think it's all man made. Not sure where to start  Turtle Lake  yes huge big turtles strange to see from a rowing boat, Strawberry Fields the memorial to John Lennon, Bethesda Fountain where everyone meets, the boating pond  children will love to rent a remote control boat. The zoo is worth a visit, not fond of seeing animals in captivity but they seem well cared for, the performing seals draw huge crowds. But my favourite is the statue of Balto the sled dog made famous when he helped deliver a diphtheria vaccine in Alaska in 1925  the real Balto did actually visit New York. He is shown with his sled harness,on and the bronze is shiny in places from all the pats he has received  I dare you not to shed a tear! Don't forget a ride in a horse carriage, yes its pricey but wonderful.
Love this park to death!!!!!!! It's HUGE!   I only did some touristy things on the edge of Central Park, but it was a great visit!  As history shows, Central Park was built by a visionary who saw that NYC needed its own "green space."  I'd like to take a moment to thank him for this amazing piece of land that so many have found a home for.  Whether it's a romantic stroll or a light jog in the park, this place has got it all!
What's not to love about Central Park Trees - check Grass - check Air - check Water - check Land - check Sun - check, weather permitting. Free wifi - unfortunately, no check anymore, but still loving it.
Why in the world do we need to rate a park?  WTF!  And there are many more interesting parks around the world. Since I must, 4 stars.
if you on the 110th street side of central park it will feel more local than a tourist attraction. nice feel for me but head down south toward 59 street becomes a tourist attraction. i really love this park because it holds a lot of memories here. everybody come to this park a lot but the best time to go in my opinion is during summer. take your loved one out for a walk. maybe have a picnic there. at night you can find a few make out spots if you around dark areas. remember it's better during summer
Only 1 problem: too many people.  I guess everyone feels the same way about how awesome the park is
One day is not enough to cover how grand Central Park really is. A 4 hour bike rental and we still did not get to cover the entire park. Every place you stop and walk through is a different experience. You find vendors, open areas to picnic in, horse and carriage, ponds, lakes, a castle, people working out, statues, etc. etc. etc.... Spend some time and get lost in Central Park, its well worth it. P.S. If you will be taking a bicycle through Central Park, there are some points that are uphill. I saw several people walking their bikes up the hill, so be prepared!
Nothing I can say that hasn't already been said... Came here on a weekDAY, and had the best day of my life
Awesome.   That's just what this place is.  It is unbelievable how you can completely disappear into nature right smack in the middle of the biggest city in the nation!   My visit took place on a perfect day - sunny, warm and beautiful.  It was very cool seeing all the activity going on - kids playing sports, people in the boats canoeing, joggers, etc.  It was great just taking it all in.  And because this place is HUGE, I got lost a couple of times.  No worries.  Everyone I asked was more than happy to point me in the right direction.
Saving grace of NYC. Cannot say anything that hasn't already been said about this oasis in NYC. Wish I had more time to really explore but from what I saw it's a natural treasure surrounded by concrete...
I dragged my brother and his friends there and they had the time of there life. It was a gorgeous day so I laid out and tanned while they played football. It feels amazing to kick off your shoes (just make sure you have a blanket, towel.... something to sit/lie on so you dont get grass stains) and just enjoy the scenery. While I was there people were tanning, doing karate, celebrating a childs B day, playing frisbee, football..etc....... you see it all We brought a blanket so when everyone was done playing we sat down and enjoyed lunch and they even said they felt more relaxed and would want to do this again. So get out there and enjoy!  Oh and check there website for events going on...... there was a reggae concert on while I was there. Also I entered the park on 60th and 5th ave....walked passed there zoo and after you go under a tunnel you will be amazed by all the green at you disposal to relax on
I can't say anything about the park that no one else hasn't said. There's simply too much to say. Bethesda Fountain, the long windy paths in the Ramble, people-watching at the Lawn, beautiful city views sitting on top of giant rocks ... Say what you will about it sections of it being overrun with the worst kind of fanny pack tourists -- I love it regardless. It was when I first walked in Central Park and experienced the magic for the first time that I knew for sure that New York was where I needed to live. That was in July 2010. Less than a year later I had saved up enough money to move. Best decision I ever made.
************* REVIEW 206 **************** Central Park is the lung of the city. It's beautiful every single season. Beautiful skating ring in the winter; gorgeous flowers in the Spring;  sunbathing & boating in the summer; falling leaves & beyond romantic in the Fall. I used to run here & each time I come here, it just takes my breath away. This time I was here for a photo shoot & I miss it much! 1 of the best park in the word & if you visit NY, you have to spend at least a day to see all the bridges that it has here.
Central Park (a haiku review) Gothic city! Path of brides canters Regency. Runners; ass-phalt:  Why?
I think Central Park is a very cool park, though not as nice looking as Golden Gate Park, but definitely a nice place to people watch, take a stroll (not alone at night though) walk your dog...etc. The scenery in Manhattan is lovely. My hubby and I took a horse and carriage ride here and got a great guide who told us about all the good areas, and even showed us which building had the penthouse that belongs to Mariah Carey. Overall, great place to visit and a wonderful experience.
Probably the best thing about the city.  We regularly go to the Zoo, the kid really loves it, and we go to the skating rink which is cheaper and larger than Rockefeller Center, and just as scenic.  There is another rink on the north end of the park also.  Ride bikes in the summer.  Go to the theater.  There is no end to the activities no matter the season.  It's an oasis where everyone can enjoy themselves at little cost. The only thing is that you ahve got to be alert when crossing the roads.  There is an endless stream of runners, cyclists and in-line skaters who will mow you down and WILL NOT pay attention to the traffic lights.
Central Park - Great Lawn West Side: Subway: B, C to 81st St. or 86th St.   Bus: The M10 bus runs along Central Park West.  Enter Park at W. 81st or W. 85th St. Enter Park at W. 85th or W. 81st St. East side: subway: 4, 5, 6 to 86th St. or 6 to 77th St. enter park at E. 79th or E. 84th St.
Los Angeles is my birthplace and playground, but I cheat on her all the time.  It's not NYC's fault.  Get a taste of the Big Apple, and you really will never sleep.  I fell in love in 2008 and the countless adventures that have ensued have only made me constantly hungry for more of that bold, beautiful, and sexy city I call my second home. Central Park is one of those reasons. Be it running the 6 mile loop, reading by the lake, strolling by the reservoir, picnicking, or choosing to simply lie in the sun, this aptly-situated oasis is an omnipresent city figure.  It pulls at my heart strings whether I'm staying down the street or 3,000 miles away.  As the hot summer winds beat around the trees; the volcano red, orange and yellow light up the fall leaves; soft powder overshadow the icy lakes; and snow melts into the sweet sense of spring - this gem is a true NYC staple of vigorous color, diverse activity and quiet beauty.
This park is beautiful. I love walking through it and seeing the many kinds of people that are just relaxing and/or exercising. If I lived in NYC, I'd definitely run through here ritually. It's the perfect place to spend your morning. I'm so jealous at all the green grass that's everywhere. You could picnic here anytime and even climb up some rocks for a better view of the park.  A lovely park indeed. It's definitely a must see when you're in NYC.
I spent my Sunday afternoon hanging out in Sheep Meadow and it was a lot of fun.  There is a frisbee club that meets there and it was pretty awesome to watch all these frisbees flying around.  It felt like being on a beach except not with all the hot sand and with people wearing clothes.  I didn't even think to bring a blanket with me to NYC from DC but I might just have to buy one.  I definitely/obviously plan to go back to Central Park this summer to get some more sun and to hang out with friends.  Maybe next time I will plan ahead and pack a picnic.
Must see, must do!
Walking through Central Park really makes me feel like I'm in NYC. After watching so many shows & movies with beautiful people strolling through the park, I couldn't wait to visit it & it did not let me down. The park is so unique - a lush, green haven in the middle of the concrete jungle, it is a sight that is not to be missed. I feel like I could wander all day around the park & not get bored because there's so much to do & so many people to see & street carts to eat at! If you're lucky, you'll run into some cool entertainers, like a jazz band! A definite must see for all NYC trips.
What can I say about this place, that has not been said?! Without Central Park, Manhattan would not be Manhattan. For blocks upon blocks, Colombus Circle to 110 Street, you find yourself lost in the trees and expansive lawns, with walk ways and bike ways, and trails and ponds, and undomesticated animals! Granted, some of those undomesticated animals are bums. Just kidding! I like bums, I give em a buck so they can buy some more booze and cigarettes. Okay, that's a small downside, oh and at times, when you're trying to get lost in all the nature, you'll run into droves of runners and bikers at peak "workout hours" such as before work and after work, couple that with tourists with their incessant yapping and picture taking, it could be a bit annoying. Other than the aforementioned downsides, Central Park truly is a beautiful place to relax, rewind and "get out" of the city, without getting out. Winter transforms Central Park into a small winter wonderland. Spring will give you the cool breeze and cloudy skies. Summer will bring you a nice refuge from the smog of the cars and the heat of the concrete. Fall will bring you pretty, and crunchy, leaves. Regardless of the season you go, or the time of day you come, Central Park is one of Manhattans, if not New York's, crown jewels. It's a little piece of serene splendid nature, in the center of the bussling concrete jungle.
Central Park is quite something. I didn't imagine it being so large in length as well as vibrant. The trees were just great to look at. I wasn't able to see everything b/c of time constraints but was able to pose in front of Strawberry Fields. Small deduction for the Chess/Checkers house not being open on Mondays. I don't know the protocol but I would have loved to play a quick game of chess. Yeah that sounded dorky but how many times in your life do you get that chance? One last reason for the deduction. There needs to be more informative signs. It seems like every time you think you're heading in the right direction, you're at a crucial spot where you have literally 4 choices. It's sort of like a RPG video game and you having to navigate to save the princess. I don't need that on vacation. Nonetheless, it was a great experience.
Damn right I'm a Wildlife Conservation Society member!  (Anything for those penguins)  I love Central Park for all that it is - a beautiful reminder to all - both New Yorkers and tourists alike - that New York IS beautiful.  Soccer games, children chasing piegons, people lounging on the grass being one with nature - yeah, I'd call that five star calibur.
Awesome in every way. We took a bike tour for 60 buck and it was worth every penny
Without this place NYC would be lost. There is so much to do in the park I can't name it all, but for starters- boats in the lake, the boat house, running paths, Jackie O Reservoir, chess tables, Sheep's Meadow...
We didn't get to walk thru all of Central Park. It is really too big to do that. We cut across the park after spending a day at the American Museum of Natural History. The park has many paths and we did get to see the Jackie O Reservior. Lots of dog walkers, people playing softball and kids paying baseball.   We'll probably have to spend some time in Central Park in the future if we return to NYC but not on this trip.
Whenever life gets crazy, when roommates drive you mad, when work is just  too damn stressful, when your significant other pisses you right the hell off,  when the summer stink of the city becomes unbearable, when the rat race just gets to be too much and you question why it is you moved to NYC or why you don't move out of it... please do yourself a favor and take a walk through Central Park.   Instantly you are refreshed, just taking a walk through CP alone is enough to rejuvenate my mind and my spirit.  Sitting quietly reading a book in any of the innumerable little nooks is a little piece of heaven in a crazy city.  It's people watching at  it's finest, it's free, it's beyond beautiful, and it's all yours...  So do yourself a solid and go get some fresh Central Park air.
I had a fun time here.  While it is not as large as Forrest Park in Saint Louis (which is what I am used to) I was still very impressed with the park and took numerous walks/runs here during my stay.  I hope I can fit more exploring in while I am still in town.  This is for something a visitor will want to check out!
The best Park ever........
One of the best parks in NYC, it's the largest and has the most to offer, no matter the season. Running, biking, or just walking around, there are a ton of things to explore. The scenery takes you away from the hustle of the city with the trees and large lawns scattered around. Great place to have a picnic, many enjoy sunbathing on the large warm rocks.
Always great to take a nice stroll through the park. Bike Rentals seems to be the new thing when the weather is nice.... Still doing the same ol' smelly horse n buggys too.
Even at a freezing 40 degrees (I'm a Cali girl), this park is the most romantic park to take a stroll in. Durning fall, when the leaves are changing colors and the sun is beginning to set, the park is the surrounded by the most beautiful canvas. I set foot in this park with my handsome beau without a care in the world and it was magnificent. We didn't even know where we were headed to, or which direction would lead us to the perfect place to kiss, but somehow, the paths in the park will surely lead you someplace wonderous. That's just what happened when we ran into the side of the lake that housed a family of large rocks. Climb these rocks and brace yourself for a gorgeous view of the still lake and it's decorative trees under the serene lit sky. This is where I close my eyes and let out an exhilarating sigh of satisfaction. It's better than imported chocolate...
Who wouldn't love Central Park? It has a zoo for gosh sakes! When the weather is nice you can lounge in the grass or when it's chilly, ride a carriage with your other half and snuggle up. It is great for exercising and people watching and getting engaged :) Very romantic place to sit with your honey. Then, you walk a few mins out of the park and you are at a bar. Not too shabby.
This isn't really a review.  Just a giant gushy sigh.
Central Park is like the Chris Brown of parks. +  Big in size.  Only Rihanna knows and her pics are pending. +  Full of horse shit, so watch where you are stepping. +  Wildly popular among tourists, musicians, joggers, hobos, couples, and even trolls during the day. +  Anything goes at night.  You may be more than black and blue on tomorrow's headlines. Gotta love NYC!  I hope their PR ppl don't contact me. I ll put my disclaimer here first: *Experiences may vary widely.     \  |  /    -- + --   This is not a phallic symbol.  I dedicate this to Michelle K, who     /  |  \     lives close to that neck of the woods.  Peace out.        |        | __ \ | /____
You can travel the world and search far and wide before you'll find a public space that is so beautiful, so iconic and so close to the soul of a city. Central Park is a gift to New York residents and visitors alike.
This park, as you know if you live in the area, is so big that you can discover new quirks all the time.  If you live here or you're visiting, you can't skip this iconic park.  And tis the season!  Shakespeare in the Park will be starting soon, so it'll be a morning of waiting on line at 5 am for free show tickets and then snoozing somewhere on the grass until noon. Speaking of free.  Parks are free.  So everyone should go to them more often.  The statues are beautiful and the whole atmosphere is just fun.  The vibe lets you be laid back and wander without really knowing where you're going, nor caring.
Love going here- used to work at the UGG store on madison, so would be here frequently. Be careful though, getting lost sucks!
AH yes My favorite place to go now. I joined up an art group and we meet every two weeks. A must see if you have never been.  Its huge but when you get there you want to walk the whole park. There is plenty going on there every day, great for the kids of course. I love it.
I bike ride here whenever I get the chance. Central park is definitely my go-to spot to surround myself with nature. you can get lost in it, its so big, so there's always a sense of excitement when coming here. Seriously, check it out! especially during the winter snow, it's so beautiful!
If I were Central Park I'd say, "Pssh. Golden Gate, who do you think you are? My botanical garden is more beautiful than yours. I have millions of people visit me each year. I have ponds and lakes that make grown men cry. Music , not fog, flow through my trees. Horses with carriages and sunbathers on my chlorophylled grass. Parks like you want to be me when they grow up." If you've been to NYC an have never visited Central Park, what the hell were you doing in NYC?? This park makes Golden Gate Park look like poop.
New York's backyard. I only live a few blocks away, so it makes it bearable to not have a backyard or a place to lounge around right outside my apt. It's beautiful at every time of the year, so if your from out of town, its definitely worth a moment or two to stop by. For the most part, everyone abides by the rules, once in awhile you'll get an asshole or two who doesn't seem to understand the value of common space.
Love it!!!
Amazing park!  I would love to spend days or a week experiencing every inch of it.  Highly recommend!
Over 200 films have been shot in Central Park, and these are some of my favorites: An Affair to Remember Breakfast at Tiffany's Cruel Intentions Hitch One Fine Day Serendipity The Devil Wears Prada You've Got Mail Until last year, I had only seen Central Park as it was filmed in these movies. When I finally stepped foot inside the park, it was everything the movies made it out to be and more -- gorgeous, sprawling and romantic. The Mall staircase is so picturesque and the Boathouse at the breathtaking lake is lovely. The Great Lawn is perfect for picnics and soaking in the sun. You can spend an entire day strolling through all 843 acres of beauty. One fine day I hope to jump through puddles with my George Clooney, serendipitously ice skate with my Jon Cusack and take a horse-drawn carriage ride with my sexy Mr. Big in the city. I know, I'm a seriously hopeless romantic. I *heart* NY because of Central Park.
It's an OASIS! I channel Holden Caulfield when I'm here. Catcher in the Rye is one of my all time favorite books.  I remember the parts where JD Salinger takes us on a tour of New York City through Holden's eyes. I dream of one day living close enough TO VISIT THIS PLACE EVERY SINGLE DAY.   At least dreams are free.  ::SIGH::
Central Park... need I say more?! A wonderful place to take a walk, jog, run, sit for an hour or day. I found a nice cozy bench in the shad and read for hours. I laid down on the bench after a while and was told by a cop you're not allowed to lay on the bench. He wasn't mean about it, just thought it was weird I couldn't lay & read (I wasn't napping). The park is maintained very well. All in all, central park has everything you would want/need in a park.
Spent my first day at the park on Saturday.  It was completely great.  We hung out on a blanket on the Great Lawn for hours.  There was a bathroom nearby, lots of people watching to do and just enough clouds that we didn't get too hot.  How much more perfect can you get!?  I love this city!
I am the luckiest person in NYC because I live 1/2  a block from Central Park - its my own backyard. I am there 3 times a day with my Yorkshire Terrier. If you love dogs, as I do - there is no better place in NYC. Off leash before 9AM!
My 700th review belongs to the emerald centerpiece of our city.  Central Park is something different to everyone: a bucolic respite, a gym, a meeting ground, a restaurant, a boat house, a canvas, a museum.  It's a world unto itself with topography ranging from rolling hills and grassy knolls to lakes and meadows and even a zoo and many many fountains.  You could probably live there, if eating at the Boat House weren't so expensive.   Also, like New York, it's not for beginners.  It's vast and confusing, friendly and frightening, and can easily get the better of you.  But once you discover its wonders, they never cease.  There's always a new corner to explore.  And finally, even despite this unclear weather we've been having, there is no better time to love Central Park than in the spring.  It's a reminder that life is cyclical; what is barren will sprout blossoms, and what is brown will be green again.  I love New York, and therefore, I love Central Park.
Being a tourist, Central Park is really a must see in New York.  It is enormous and has everything: a zoo, skating rink, lakes, beautiful foliage, food stands, open space, etc. The zoo in the park is really small and not worth the entry, I think was $12 bucks or so, you can see the sea lions just walking by from the outside. There is a nice lake in the center where you can rent rowboats for $12 dollars an hour as well, pretty cheap, I thought it was going to be much more, that was really fun.  Good option for romantic afternoon. I noticed there were at least... 5 or 6 different photo shoots going on for modeling, weddings, i'm not sure what else but it was everywhere.  Looks like a popular place for photos. You could spend a whole day here and not be bored, wish I had more time to explore!
What can I say about this park that every single yelper hasn't say yet. It is very large w/tons of great things to do. I am just amaze about the size of this place. I can't wait until Fall so I can see the leave changing. One of the best park ever!!!
I love parks in general and Central Park is the Mecca of all parks. It's what makes NYC so amazing. There's so much to do and explore. From food to running, to baseball, to lounging, to even weddings! Central Park has it all. It's amazing that this little jewel is nestled right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of NYC!  One of the most romantic spots in the city in my opinion - love it!
This park gets five angry red stars from me -- worst park ever! I visited on a Groupon deal.  First strike: No one was at the gate accepting my Groupon.  I waited forever for the hostess, but she must have been out smoking or something.  So finally I just went in.  And it looked like I wasn't the only one -- people were just streaming in without anyone checking their tickets!  Hello?  If no one's going to check tickets, then why did I need to buy a Groupon from that guy?  Ridiculous.  (Also, Central Park?  How about hiring some ticket sales agents that dress (and smell) a little better, ok?) But even the people who just got in free got ripped off -- because this place was awful.  As soon as I walked in, I noticed that the park was warm.  Like, crazy warm.  85 degrees warm -- and the sun was shining all over the place.  I thought maybe they'd turn on the AC or close the roof or something, but they just kept cranking up the heat!  I mean, come on!  How am I supposed to have a good time when you've got it so hot in there?   I tried to find a manager to complain -- but, again, no one was around to even complain to.  How can you run a park with no staff?!  Ridiculous. So, alright, I thought I'd cool down by getting a drink.  I will say this, they have a good number of bars scattered around -- and there's rarely too much of a wait.  Big plus.  Another big plus, the bartender had a big chest of ice cream, and even sold hot dogs.  Big downside, though?  No booze!  What the heck?!  Gatorade, Coca-cola, and something the guy called "water."  (I tried it -- when in Rome, you know -- and yuck!)  How's a guy supposed to get his groove on without booze? Of course, there wasn't going to be much grooving, since I was -- literally -- the only person dancing.  Sure, there were some cute girls in there (although, hello?  Ladies?  Maybe want to dress up a bit -- shorts and a t-shirt may be fine for hitting the gym, but how about some nice heels when you go out, ok?), but they were all just laying around.  Even when I danced up to them, no one was getting it on.  This place was D-E-D, dead!  (Although I did see some couples making out, so maybe it's not a terrible place to meet people.) So too hot, no booze, and no one dancing -- pretty bad, huh?  But that wasn't even the worst of it.  First, there were bugs -- but, ok, that happens when you open the roof.  I can deal.  But then I saw -- and you're going to think I'm kidding, but I'm not -- a big rat!  It was one of those bushy-tailed ones that's always climbing stuff -- and in this case it just walked right by me, and right up a tree like I wasn't even there.  Ugh!  Call the health department, someone! (Also pretty sure the health department wouldn't approve of all the dogs in there -- I even saw a couple of them urinating on stuff.) At this point I wasn't even interested in a refund -- I just wanted out.  But on the way out, I see the biggest rat I have ever seen in my life -- it must have been the size of a small dog.  It looked like it had been in a bad fight, too -- had these huge black circles around its eyes, and a huge bushy tail with rings on it.  Dis-gusting.  I didn't even know rats could get that big! How this place stays in business I'll never know.  Five angry red stars from me!
With a shiny new $100 Million floating around, perhaps they can purchase a fleet of these and throw them in Jackie O's observation pool? youtube.com/watch?v=FPl9… A man can dream...   Post Script: John Paulson - we should be pals.
My gf and I spent about 3 hours wandering around Central Park, so much to see. I really loved each little section of it, as each part has its own special charm and explanation of why it's there. The reservoir is absolutely massive, and there are ton of places to play sports and run. The castle is so freaking out of place, yet awesome. Either way, you can get some great views of the city, as well as getting "out" of the city in the middle of the day. A must-see.
Just wanted to post a tip for dog owners in the area. The great hill on the north west end of the park is a fantastic place to socialize your dog and your self every morning before 9am. Friendly, non-snobby, down to earth dog community that is rare in nyc. The great hill is huge with a wide open meadow for dog running, a small loop for joggers, picnic tables and good view of Manhattan. It's a perfect starting point to hike through the north woods, to the harlem meer or to the pond to see the ducks, and the conservatory garden. Come join us for coffee almost every morning after 9am at Zanny's on 108th and Columbus.
You really feel like you are in New York when you are walking through Central Park.  You see the horse carriages and SMELL them... You see all the street vendors selling hot dogs, dogs running around in the park, ice skating at the Wollman Ice Skating Rink  and people sketching your pictures...  It is really beautiful and a lot less scary than I thought it would be.
Would live here if i could
I work hard and I play harder. I truly believe in that motto and live by it. But when I'm in NYC and I don't wanna do either, I go here. To play on the swing. Take a walk around the lake. Stop and smell the flowers......literally. Snap pics like a tourist in front of Belvedere Castle. Eat a hot dog while watching the horse-drawn carriage go by. To recharge. And commune with nature. In the middle of a busy urban jungle. There is no other place like it.
I. LOVE. Central Park. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Yes'm, I do. It's a necessary stop in NY.  It provides a perfect getaway from the (beautiful) chaos of NYC.  It has a calm bustle to it.  There is a lot of activity, but it's very understated.   Seriously, go.
I'm writing a review for Central Park since I have already written reviews for almost every restaurant I've been to in the city. Who doesn't love Central Park? It's such a great recreation spot any time of the year and I have so many fond memories from here. The first time I came here it certainly lived up to all my expectations even though it was low season in February. It's easy to stroll around all over Central Park for hours, the park has so much diversity in terms of its nature and surroundings. It's amazing to find such an oasis in the middle of the city. I love to come here either with friends and family or just by myself and bring a book and sit down and read and watch the people walking by. There are so many activities in the park - concerts, ice skating, football, kite running, street musicians and performers. I will never get tired of Central Park - it's by far the greatest park in the world.
A green oasis in the midst of the concrete jungle that is Manhattan.  Lying on your back in one of the many grassy knolls, you don't even feel like you are in the city.  The best part of Central Park is that its so massive that there will always be more hidden parts for you to discover.  Possibly the best place to relax in the city on a beautiful Spring day.
An oasis away from the daily grind of life. Great place to skate, meet people, bike picnic etc
No city has anything quite like Central Park. Central Park's creation is one of the city's more beneficial urban planning decisions, providing residents and visitors with more than a park, an open space in which to exercise and unwind. Within its boundaries, find public art, statues, architecture, a lake, and impressive views of the city's high-rises. Along its borders are many museums, which complement the park nicely. I love walking through the park, or finding a bench and reading a book. Yes, it's safe, but watch out for cyclists and joggers with iPods. During nighttime hours, be especially cognizant of your surroundings and you should be fine. In addition to being a National Historical Landmark, Central Park is host to a variety of events, including festivals, sporting, and musical events. Check out Shakespeare in the Park performances at the Delacorte Theater!
Loved it. Loved it. Loved it! Could spend a week just looking at everything inside this park. Definitely a sense of peace right in the middle of the chaotic city.
What can I say that hasn't been said already? This park has so much going on that you could spend several days getting lost in it. One of my top dream dates is walking around the park's many trails, stopping in a field for a picnic, and people-watching. As a young'in, I loved to come here to scale what seemed, at the time, like massive rock formations, ride the carousel, and visit the Central Park Zoo! It's a relatively small place, definitely not on the same scale as the Bronx Zoo, but the convenience of its location and the cheap admission makes up for it! Other activities they have include boating on the lake, pony rides, and free concerts/Shakespeare performances (check the webby for dates). For $25, you can even get married here! On a single day, I've seen 5 happy couples tying the knot and taking beautiful pictures in the park. The Conservatory Garden is a perfect place for a ceremony, or even just a romantic outing. Also be sure to visit Belvedere Castle! It's an old fortress in the park, and if you have small children, they will be convinced it's a real fairy tale castle!
This park is friggin' large. I go there when they have the Summerstage concerts (there free!!!!)
What a beautiful, stunning and amazing place to visit! It is bigger than I anticipated so take some comfy shoes and a woolly hat, scarf and gloves at this time of year. Oh and a camera, I got some stunning shots of the mansions in the background with the orange autumn trees framing the river, simply stunning.
There is nothing quite like playing a little pick-up soccer with the Manhattan skyline rising above the trees. It allows you to enjoy the outdoors, while simultaneously serving as a reminder that this ode to nature is entirely contained within the most magnificent of concrete jungles. I appreciate this inherent contradiction; the juxtaposition is just evidence that we, the residents of NYC, have it all. __________ It's no Prospect Park, though.
One of the best dates I ever had was in Shakespeare Garden in Central Park.  Totally forgot that we were still in New York City. Fishing with my son up on 110th Street at the Harlem Meer was pretty cool too....not to mention, FREE! Fun fact--there are "lobsters" in the central park lake.  I dont know how they got there but Ive seen them.  They do exist.  Whether they are actual lobsters or crawdads depends on who you ask.
Central Park is definitely as good as it gets for a Park in NYC. I have been coming here since I was 5 and the last 15 years I bring every dog I have owned to this park almost every weekend. If your a dog owner, this is a great place to spend the day with your dog. Things it has going for it: - Its big....over 840 acres big - Pretty clean for an urban park of this size (but could be cleaner) - Great place to people watch - Great place to bring your dog, especially before 9am and after 9pm when you can have your dog off-leash - Always something going on Things it has against it: - At times there are too many tourists - Parks dept needs to refurbish its bathrooms and add more - Needs more dog fountains - At time it feels like you are may lose you life crossing some of the drives with many bikers going 30+ mph (use underpasses if available) - all the temporary fencing they put around the greenery in some areas, either take it down or put something more permanent up There is a reason Central Park is on the list of places to go to for most tourists and many movie makers. Being born and raised in NYC, and traveling to many parts of this country, I don't know of another urban park quite like Central Park.
We were at Central Park for a total of 3 hours and didn't even cover everything!!! We walked through the outside of the zoo, took pictures around Wollman Rink coverted to a small carnival and the pond, pictures on the Obelisk and the Chess/Checkers seats, little rest at the Great Lawn, Strawberry Fields and hitched a ride on the carriage (how could we not?!). We skipped the whole northern and middle sections. I'm so envious that there is a Central Park in the middle of the city. I wish we had something similar in Southern Cali. There is so much to do that I wish we had all the time in the world!!
What an amazing place, been here in the summer and the winter now and both times it looks amazing. I've done the carriage ride in the winter, sitting on the back with my wife whilst cuddled up and looking at the scenery was amazing. In the summer we spent a couple of days just lying there in the middle of the park enjoying the sun and taking in the activities surrounding you. It does seem a little odd that some people come here daily to strip down and sun bath, but why not it's a perfectly good place too. Would thoroughly recommend visiting this place. You cant visit new York and not!
5 Stars for Central Park?? Duh! Great trails to hike / run & there are TONS of healthy, sporty, people running about Fountains & bridges galore to be close to the water - hear the water trickling along.....very zen & completely surreal when looking out in the quiet Park at the surrounding skyscrapers & knowing there is a whole other world out there...... Conservatory of Flowers, museums, rollerbladers, crazy people, on & on & on.....SO many reasons to come to the Park .....including its very own lake w/ rowboats - much like Stow Lake in Golden Gate Park....but this one also claims fame from Sex In The City.....everyone remember the scene when Carrie falls into the lake after an argument w/ Big?? Sure you do! Although Golden Gate Park is larger & the compare / contrasts could go on forever....most simply put: This is no contest - anywhere that offers a garden of tranquility and escape from the buzz & hubbub of the city deserves 5 stars in my book......any day! Kicking back, working out, romping & frolicking.....Central Park has it all!
This is the closest thing to heaven in NYC.. Gorgeous doesn't even begin to describe it & now that the weather's FINALLY getting nicer, I cant wait to spend more time here (if I can ever get some days off of work!) I just gotta figure out the concert schedule here & i'll be set.. also, it wouldn't hurt to lay out & keep the tan going through the summer cause god knows i'm too lazy for all the running & biking! :)
Glad NYC has a huge chunk of nature planted in the middle of the city. Relaxing, beautiful, refreshing and just plain wonderful!
Love Central Park! Has running trails in it, which somewhere, I was able to pick up a map of the Park with the milage of the different routes (very helpful actually).  There's also the boat shop where you can rent paddle boats in one of the ponds in Central Park.  There's also baseball/softball fields and green space for playing soccer/frisbee or just chilling out.  Playgrounds are around for the kids.  Tip: make sure to check the NYRR schedule, as there are days (primarily Saturday or Sunday mornings) where there maybe a race going on.  Very easy to just get lost in CP while enjoying it.
I have walked through this entire park. It doesn't get old, only more beautiful and fascinating. So much to do and see. I love the views from the Castle.
I LOVE, as I scrolled down the almost 700 CP reviews, that I found not one mediocore or bad review of Central Park. That would be like saying Mother Teresa was just A OK. Or Switzerland doesn't kick ass cuz it's always the "neutral" country. Or Ryan O'Neal isn't a total fuck up and Farrah deserved better. Strange. Examples. I. Know. Central Park, you have been like a best friend to me for over 15 years. Whenever I visit my brother and his Asian lover (lol, they are partnered and having a baby...Asian lover just sounds more scandulous!)...every time I visit them...they always say "Oh, we haven't been above 23rd Street in years!" I get it. I lived in West Hollywood for 14 years and people always assumed I was at the beach 24-7. Nope! I was working and HOPING to get the beach. And the museums. And Little Tokyo...you get it...I was working and not on vaca. But in when I visit NYC. I'm on total VACATION TIME and want to soak up as much as possible. I take the 1 line at Sheridan Square to Columbus Circle. Enter CP. And try and get lost! While I search for my favorites like Bethesda Fountain and The Mall...I relish a wrong turn that puts me near an accordian playing blind midget or the gymnast that cartwheels to only Madonna songs. I HEART YOU NEW YORK! I know. Not cool. Whatev. Sheep's Meadow? The Zoo? It's all good in Central Park. My zen. My only feeling that I'm kind of a camping kind of guy. You know, with five star restaurants yards away... Central Park is a part of me. It's in my heart (total cheese) and in my feet (lots of walking!)...but that moment I emerge from the subway until I randomly file out of the park around 80th and 5th...you have filled my soul with the spirit of New York City!
I cannot believe people can put reviews on here for central park. Only bad thing is the smell of human urine and horse crap.
This is such a great place to come. first off, its huge and you can come here for many reasons. You can come to people watch, you can come to work out, you can come to the zoo, you can come and eat, you can come to play, you can come to lay out and tan, you can come for concerts, you can come for ANY REASON at all... This is probably one of the best parks you can ever go to, and its a great area of NY. This is one of the many places that make NYC such an amazing city!
Went to Central Park at the end of September 2008. It was so much more amazing than I always thought it was.  Took the subway up to 86th and Lexington and walked all the way back to 48th. It was surprisingly remote in some of the trails during the week. A very beautiful place.  Belvedere castle, Turtle pond, Bethesda fountain/terrace, the mall. I hope to go back during the fall, spring or winter. NY was super humid and i wasn't expecting that, was nice once you left the city.
Decided to take a walk in Central Park on a winter's day and was thoroughly enthralled. We printed out self - guided walking tour information before we went and found it very informative. By doing this we had a direction to walk and could appreciate the history of the park. There are also bicycle tours that many have said are wonderful. My husband is a NY native and never saw so much of Central Park. We walked from the east side to the west side and had a great day! There is a lovely restaurant, the Boathouse, inside the park. It is also good for joggers, walkers, strollers (both children and strolling walkers).
The Yelp applause meter on Central Park is deservedly loud and clear at five stars.   New York without Central Park would be like a donut without a hole in it.
When I found out this park made travel difficult between the upper East side and the upper West side I became annoyed and felt compelled to review Central Park on Yelp. I hope this review serves to warn people about how inconvenient this park can be. Living below 14th street is of course fantastic, and really the only way to truly experience Manhattan. But for those times when you simply must "slum it" and move your ass North the last thing you need is a huge-ass park blocking your way. Want to get waaaay uptown? Forget it - this monstrosity of greenness will simply hinder you. Also, it really annoys me that we have such high priced real estate in Manhattan and it's taking *forever* to crash, and then you see this giant wasted space... Please, just pave it over and let's get some competent city planners to make some efficient use of this space. Please Mr. Bloomberg - I'll throw in a vote for you if you can make it happen. You know you want to.
Lovely no matter what the weather, be it a magical walk in the snow on a quiet winter morning or a pizza picnic on the first sunny day of the year when the whole of New York is out to play. This place is the heart of New York.
What would New York be without Central Park? It is so massive that you can never really walk the exact same path or see the same thing. The great thing about this place is that there is always something new to discover. When you get deep towards the center of the park, the city sounds are drained out and you truly feel in touch with nature. I'm not much of a nature person, but this park is just enough to get me relaxed when I need a quick break from the city. It is beautiful in any season, and the more I see, the more I love.
I LOVE the park and spend as much time in there as possible  For us New Yorkers it is the only yard we can afford.  There are so many great free events in the summer that I am sure you almost anyone would enjoy. The only reason I am giving 4 stars in stead of 5 is because you still need to be careful in the park.  Please do not run alone after dark especially in the northern section of the park.   Be in the park, be safe.
Central Park gets a well-deserved 5 stars.  While it is not my favourite park in NYC, it's a close second to Prospect Park. The highlights: Strawberry Fields, the fountain, the lake, the random little grassy knolls for spontaneous picnics, the people-watching, the leaves in the fall, the free shows in the summer, the Metropolitan Museum of Art ROOF DECK, and the finish of the NYC marathon. Just don't spend a whole lot of time there after dark, unless you want your life to turn into an episode of Law & Order: SVU.
An acronym for CENTRAL PARK.  C is for City...E is for Entertainment...N is for Neato(lol)...T is for Tranformation...R is for Riveting...A is for Appealing...L is for Life P is for Pleasant...A is for Ascertainment...R is for Revelers...K is for Kicking bacccck (way bacccck) Central Park has everything it is home to great events.  You name it from free concerts, parades, marathons, charity events, school trips, and boat races it is truly a hot spot and long time city gem.  Central Park is a great tanning spot, picnic spot, conversation spot, and celebrity spot-ter spot.  Make it your spot because it's Central Park and what park is better??!?!
A lot of things to do with a lot of people. Here's a few, Shakespeare in the Park, Summerstage, ice skating in winter. I had a picnic with friends here the other day and it was amazing. The grass was bug free and soft. This place has a lot of potential and lots of green grassy fields. Also, free wifi!! The only complaint I have is that it needs more maps! I can never find someone in Central Park!
I love this park. I run here. I sometimes take random strolls here. It beats the hell out of Griffith Park, Boston Garden, and the national Mall. The tourists beseech it, but on most days you can enjoy it without even noticing them (try to get that from the Mall or the Garden). You can be here and not even realize you are in Manhattan. It is really quite an oasis.
It lives up to its hype, and is worth the trip. Walk through the park during a snowfall- it's amazing. Venture uptown to see the arboretum and the classical style gardens. Visit Alice in Wonderland and stay for storytelling time. Try to visit the Zoo clock- it's been my favorite since childhood. To see more amazing work by these park designers, go to Brooklyn and visit Prospect Park, which is even larger than Central Park. If you go there, try to find time to go to the Botanical Gardens (amazing) or the Brooklyn Museum (more Egyptology items than anywhere else in North America).
Before doing a bunch of window shopping in New York, La Novia and I walked through half of Central Park. Trust me, that is a lot of walking. When I was a kid, I rode the school bus and the bus came to a central location in my neighborhood called Silver Leaf Park. Some of the kids called it central park as it was in the "center" of the 'hood. And well, if you take that park and multiply it by approximately 894,127,745.12 you get Central Park. It's that freakin' big. I saw little kids playing in the playground. I saw people playing tennis and basketball. I saw a lot of people jogging on various paths. I saw old people discussing the news of the day on benches. I saw plenty of young lovers sneaking kisses on the grass. I might have kissed La Novia once or twice. The park was so scenic, she even allowed it. The New York Weather Gods were nice and gave us a beautiful day so the reservoir looked gorgeous. During our walk, we noticed the Met was close by, but it was closing. So we decided the next day would require a visit there. And if weather permitting, another stroll through the most amazing park we have ever seen. Wow.
Over 500 people have reviewed CP, but I want to focus on one aspect: The Bridle Path. As a long distance runner, I love the BP.  Soft but firm footing for several miles.  I can choose hilly patterns or flat and fast loops.  I can escape the paved loops where the crowds workout but still find the comfort of friendly faces of others who also chose the "road less taken". I know places like Denver are near amazing places to run and the NYC metro area can't compare.  However, on a day-to-day basis, where do you actually do your running?  Near your home or near where you work.  And for me, I have this wonderful area less than 5 minutes away at all times.  If you work in downtown Denver, you can jog riverside or on city streets but its all paved.  Even if you live in the burbs, you often need a car to get to where you can "get away".  Not me, my escape is always just a half a mile away...
A wonderful island of peace and tranquility in one of the busiest cities in the World. Walking around central park is a real pleasure and will refresh the minds of even the most weary city dweller. Children will love the zoo on the outskirts of the park and skating on the ice rink in the winter is a must. Grab a pretzl and sit with the squirrels watching the world go by
Beautiful! Must see when in New York!!
Absolutely amazing place to visit. I'd recommend a carriage ride around the park. Most of the drivers will talk all the way around pointing out points of interest such as where home alone 2 was filmed and the view of the ghost busters towers.
When you think of awesome greenery.[*] Awesome space.[*] Awesome architecture.[*] Awesome nature.[*] NYC is not the 1st place that usually comes to mind of world travelers. But we do in fact have a modern wonder of metropolitan greenery. The number of times I've graced this park with my presence are too many to count. The number of times I've enjoyed strolls through the fall foliage are too many to count. In fact, just listing all of the reasons why Central Park is the king of parks would be too much for this little space here. Located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan, Central Park runs from Midtown to Upper Manhattan, bordering both sides (East & West). It has multiple entrance & exit points, numerous sculptures, architecture, and water-fixtures throughout. Horse-carriage rides are a mainstay, as are the many, many, many entertainers that traverse this park. Speaking of entertainers, Central Park also hosts many concerts in the Summer (most of which are free). Because of all of this natural beauty, many people have indeed hosted weddings here. It also borders some of NYC's major cultural institutions, including: - Natural History Museum: yelp.com/biz/american-mu… - MoMA: yelp.com/biz/museum-of-m… - Guggenheim - The Whitney ...Just to name a few. That's not surprising at all, since Central Park is littered with so much artistic flair & design that anyone would feel like they're walking through a living museum. It's also littered with many other unmentionable  things, but I'll leave that for another day. ;-) Oh, and for those who don't live in NYC, or have never had the pleasure of visiting...there's a great documentary that the History or Discovery Channel did on this park. It was really great to follow along as they talked about all the planning, architecture, labor, logistics, spirit of competition and landscaping that went into every inch of this landmark, phase by phase. Central Park really set the tone for other cities in the U.S. to model their great parks after, and formed the basis for Urban Greenery & Design. ================================= With all that said, you'd be doing your life a disservice if you never allowed it to experience walking through Central Park in the Fall at least once before you die. [*] Central Park: Choc-full of awesomeness!
Love Central Park! There is so much to do in the park you could never be bored here... Miniature boat rentals: $10 for 30 minutes...my husband had fun with this, just a couple of tips: try to go early (waiting list due to crowds) and make sure you are not renting on a windy day ...it will be a waste. Central park summer concert series: FREE ...good deal for regular concerts/classical... just be aware...popular concerts mean crowds - we went to the Yo Gabba Gabba for kids and were not happy with crowd control and how unorganized they were... CP Carousel/Multiple playgrounds for kids: The carousel is fun but $4 for a 3 min. ride for 2 - (child and adult have to pay to be on even if you are just standing next to your child...) ALL Playgrounds: Go early or forget it...so many local children packed into these playgrounds...should be limited for play...too much pushing and too many unruly children... So many reasons to love the park, history, exercise, relaxation...the park is mostly safe, stay in areas with other people and go during the day and you will have a great time no matter where you are in the park!
You cannot have a complete New York experience unless you take a rowboat out on the lake for an hour or so. Its so crazy to be in the middle of  Manhattan, in a park, and rowing a boat. As my girlfriends and I took a rowboat out on the green (is that algae? or what?) lake, I was just awe-struck at what an amazing place New York is. We had a grand old time in the rowboat trying to get moving, avoiding other rowboats, and just basking in the great weather that we were experiencing in New York.  We definitely lucked out for visiting in August. Some of the characters we saw on the lake:  a totally hot gay guy shirtless (can we say six-pack) rowing with his boyfriend, a mom decked out in her power skirt suit rowing her son around, couples that were getting engaged, tourists like us, and an older gentleman who was rowing like he was going to win the gold medal in Beijing. Central Park-everytime I visit you, I always discover something magical...may you continue to enchant the millions who visit you.
Best urban park in the world!
Love it. An oasis within the City. So much to do and so much to see. Wear you walking shoes because this place is hugh !
Central Park, I love you even (or especially...?) when it's below-freezing cold, and you're all iced-over and quiet, and your wind makes my cheeks sting. Your trees looked particularly wise and alive tonight.
I just love Central Park, to think it is bang smack in the middle of NY, NY makes my mind boggle. The peace and the scenery is just wonderful. Must sees are Strawberry Fields and that funky little (big?) fountain in the middle. Take a stroll, take a paper and dream of all things gorgeous.
I've been going to Central Park as long as I can remember. I haven't been there in few months so I decided to have a lunch date there. I never knew that in the pond by the 5th Ave./ 57th Street entrance that there is a huge pond with TURTLES. This is the reason why I am in love with my city. There are surprises around every corner. This will be my new go to spot for lunch dates!!! The turtles are adorable and get us reacquainted with nature in this concrete jungle. Don't take the park for granted. GO!
Insert the earbuds, throw on my Asics, and escape from the hustling, bustling madness that is New York City.  Running miles through the winding trails, I close my eyes for a moment and breath in the green, lush, sprawling, magnificent place that I lovingly call Central Park.
Central Park is a giant park in the middle of Manhattan(NYC). The park has many thing to offer that you might not think would be in the middle of NY! There are boats for rent hourly, there is a large carousel for the kids to ride, horse carriages to rent a ride, you can play baseball, there are many jogging tracks, a pool, ice skating ponds (winter), and a zoo! It's nice for a leisurely stroll as well a break from the concrete jungle. Major shopping is nearby as well as Times Square  within walking distance!
Dear Central Park, I heart you.   You make NYC such a great city! You give me fresh air and provide me with solace from the craziness of urban life I heart you. Sincerely, Your fellow New Yorker
It's hard to say all of the good things about Central Park, here's why: ARTS - surrounded by the Metropolitan and the American Museum of Natural History, two of the USA's finest; Shakespeare in the Park!!!! MUST GO in June-August! SPACE - you could get lost in the vastness of the park, which is 55 blocks (~5miles) long!  It's never crowded save the Sheep's Meadow during the sunny summer season weekends, when all of NYC flanks to the park to drink and play sports RUNNING - there are tons of running paths so you never get board, or you could run on the roadway that weaves throughout.... Jackie O's is a beautiful lake to enjoy on your run, too ACTIVITIES - carnival rides, ice skating, horse drawn carriages, boating.... SCENERY - it's where all of the nature in Manhattan resides, and is perfect in the fall on the boats RANDOM: Did you know you can rent a DOG just as easily as a bike?  Rollerblading is super-trendy right now/always and only in CP. Cons: SHADY at night time... :(
I'm glad I came here. We met up at Columbus Circle and went through the Park to get to the East Side. Even though we didn't have time to explore the Park all that much. The glimpse I was able to experience was great. I like the urban-city life, but I see why Central Park is a necessary green escape for New Yorkers. I love the contrast between the green trees in the foreground and then these huge high-rises towering in the background. The blend of it all. The grassy hills. The trees. The ponds. The waterfalls. The tranquility. The beauty & contrast . All make for a perfect Park.
What's not to love?
I absolutely love going to Central Park - it has its own charm in spring, summer, fall and winter. I make it a point to go to a different area at each visit and it amazes me everytime!
On Central Park Once among my wishes was to visit thee, Iconic respite amid urban canyons, Among the buildings a lake of trees, Large swath of nature man had yet seized. I would not be withheld from the city of millions, Despite your vastness I could not steal away, For the castles loomed all around, And the city drummed it's ceaseless sound. Yet the heart of the city lies beneath your back, Painted horses, ponds and endless paths, Daily footfalls hooved and shod, Rolling tires of the Gotham gods. I've walked your earth and still you weigh, Deep within a desire to walk another day.
I love this park. LOVE IT. I think in a way it makes NYC -- and is a definite plus. That rectuangularish patch of green, green, green in the middle of it all. In other words, I can't picture NYC without it! Why not five stars then? Have you ever walked through here in winter when it's bitingly cold? OR when it's rainy and miserable and everything is wet and icy and the bottoms of your jeans are soaked with sludge and dirt? Bah. It's hard to knock Central Park for something it can't help. Honestly, I say five stars in the Fall, Spring, and even sticky humid Summertime. And then the few weeks before Christmas when there's still that holiday cheer and the biting cold hasn't outstayed its welcome. But how I love trees! And cities! And combine the two! Along with all the movies that have immortalized this park on film. A stroll through this park will bring a smile to your face. Plus, it's near the Met -- another one of my favorite places. Outdoor performances.  I also love the pond! Be warned though, it's not exactly the safest place at night. Especially when there aren't a lot of people around. I wouldn't advise skipping through the Ramble or North Woods after midnight -- or even after dark.
As a Native New Yorker, I hate hipsters (but that is nothing to do with this review) Growing up in NY i have been able to witness the amazing Madonna like reinvention of Central Park. Once infamous for Drugs, Hookers, and Raping ( And a kick ass murder scene in Devils Advocate ) is now known as a great and wholesome place for every type of person in the NYC ( Hipsters too) For quite a few years, Central Park has been a staple of my summer activities. From Shakespeare in The park (don't take a picture they will keep your soul and sell it to slavery if you get caught), to picnics on the Great Lawn,  To nice stroll around the reservoir to watch the sunset ( Just don't get in the joggers way) My number one favorite spot will still and always be Belvedere Castle, just a nice night romantic spot that should always seal the deal..
One of my favorite spots in New York!   I loved running around the gorgeous pond,  people watching, and checking out the art vendors.
One of the best things about New York City.  Visited there Saturday 4pm May 5, 2012.  The landscaping, the ice rink,  the Shakespeare Statue, the fountain, the boaters in the lake, the zoo, the Great Lawn,  the Metropolitan Museum,  the reservoir, the squirrels, the views.   So much fun.  So relaxing.  So picturesque.  Outstanding.
Central Park is flanked by Central Park West & Fifth Avenue, two of the most expensive streets in the US. When I am in this park, I know I am surrounded by old money, opulence & decadence. I am also surrounded by landmarks that've been in countless movies: the Bethesda Fountain, the Boathouse in one of my fave movies "When Harry Met Sally," the skating rink in "Serendipity 3," etc. I am surrounded by lush greenery, breathtaking scenery, rolling hills & 843 acres to collapse on after a day of sight seeing. My most favorite area in the park is "Strawberry Fields." I am moved to tears every time I see the "Imagine" mosaic. I heard Yoko Ono can see the mosaic from her apartment. My entire family loves the Beatles (John Lennon, in particular.) I've been to Central Park in the winter with my sweetheart, balling up snow from the ground to (lovingly) hurl at one another. And in the fall with my mom, getting a play by play of the park's rich history. My BFF & I visited in the spring, intrigued by people doing yoga everywhere. My gf's & I have taken a horse drawn carriage ride thru the park, like bona fide tourists. I am looking forward to seeing the park in the summer & to sharing more memories in it with the people I adore the most.
Central Park is hands down my favorite place in the city. It's my place of solace when I've had tough times.  It's a place to relax and take a quiet walk with my headphones, a place to picnic with friends, a romantic date spot. One of my most fun days ever in New York was at Central Park Summer Stage last summer - there are some really great concerts there and the beauty & diversity of the park make waiting in line for hours worth it. I also love hanging out at the Loeb Boathouse, drinking champagne and chilling with my friends.   I've enjoyed lots of free, fun activities at the park - most recently the Chanel Mobile Art Pavilion, which I thought was very strange and beautiful at the same time. Whether you're a tourist or a local, Central Park has something for everyone.
I took a trip down here while visiting my friend who lives in NYC and was extremely glad that I did. After walking amidst towering skyscrapers, the contrast here was amazing. It's definitely hard believing that something so lush and expansive can exist in Manhattan. I swung by in Fall and walked around the entire length of the park (be sure to pack good walking shoes as the park is HUGE). The colors are extremely pretty during this time -- yellow, red, brown, green, purple -- and made for some amazing pictures. I'd budget a couple of days to fully explore Central Park (I sure as hell didn't and I'm sure I'll have to come back and visit again). The place has boat rentals for about $12/hour and it's a great way of catching the sights. There's also an ice rink here (but it wasn't open when I visited). I also stopped by Castle Belvedere (the highest point in the park) and you can climb to the top and absorb the view from here. As a side note, if you're into weather or aviation at all, there's an automated surface observing system (ASOS) which is used for measuring things like cloud clearances, temperature, pressure, etc. It'd be interesting to see if there's a tour of all the different instruments. I also ended up seeing the view of the entire park from the observation deck at the rock and also did a helicopter tour (yes, all tourist things to do, but it did present an amazing view of the park). Overall, my next trip to NYC will definitely have time budgeted to explore the park some more.
I must see if you not from the area, even in the cold rainy winter season it was amazing to just see less than half of it.  It's huge believe me, it could take days to see and enjoy it all.  A must see is the Castle in the middle of the park, breathtaking right before sunset.
Very nice there in person and not on TV ;p
Phenomenal Fantastic Amazing Majestic Lush Beautiful Grand Spacious Winding Awe inspiring Wow! Central Park was one of the highlights of my trip. Whether walking through it early in the morning, or viewing it from Rockefeller Center, it is the crown jewel of Manhattan.  Sheesh, as I was walking along Central Park West I was trying to figure out how much I'd have to earn to live there...
Pros: - Sheep Meadow - The North Woods - Rollerskating dance parties - Rowboats - Live music - Blockhouse - Geocaches galore - Reservoir loops at dusk Cons: - That nasty hill (NW corner of the loop) - Tourists who take photos of squirrels - Non-car-free days - Often feels unnatural and crowded - NYRR races Verdict: Central Park is a monster. In terms of city parks, it's unmatched. On a hot summer day, there are few places better than Sheep Meadow.
This was one place I knew I had to see. With all the movies I've seen I wanted to see if it was as beautiful as it is in the movies. It was but it's waaaay more crowded then it is in the movies. We took a horse carriage ride through the park.  It was nice, because the man that gave us the ride was telling us the history of the park.   We ended up visiting this place twice while we were in NYC. It was beautiful and romantic. All I know is, if I was to live in NY I would be here every day.
Did the tourist thing and had a carriage ride around the park. So so. Very busy but I can say I've been.
jogging in central park is like no place else in the city.  i HATE running at gyms.  i get claustrophobic and bored.  another perk to the layout is that if i fall into a conversation with someone that isnt all that interesting, i can just say, 'so yeah, excuse me but im going to push myself for this last stretch.  nice talking to you.'  zoom, goodbye boring conversation.  try doing that on a tread mill. i think my favorite memory of central park would horrify most people.  remember the year the puerto rican day parade got out of hand?  oh, haha, i need to be more specific.  the year that there were i handful of sexual assaults and a couple of stabbings.  i think it was 2000.  anyways, i got split up from my group while we were watching the parade.  somehow i ended up in central park.  the crowd there was massive and rowdy.  im pretty sure i witnessed a dude pull a knife on another guy while shouting, "BACK UP OFF MY CHEERIOS".  (he did not literally mean cheerios).  so i find myself in this throng of people, its hot as shit and everyone is pissed off.  out of the corner of my eye i see a guy pushing another person in a wheel chair.  being the good samaritan that i am i rushed to his side.  "MAKE WAY, MAKE WAY.  THIS GUY IS HAVING A HEART ATTACK!", then proceeded to push him and the guy originally pushing him against the flow of people.  people parted like the red sea and my escape was secured.  i mean, old boy wasnt actually having a heart attack.  im confident that i saved a life that day, however, it may have been my own.  now that i think about it im pretty sure using a disabled person as a means to secure my own safety guarantees me a place in hell.  oh well, i had a good time.
AH.... Beautiful Central Park, in the Middle of Manhattan. One of the places you MUST Come to see (if you are a tourist). If you are a New Yorker, even BETTER, During Summer there's plenty of events happening (Concerts, charity events, Races (My favorite), Picnics).   The only Place you can smell the HORSE POOP Along side on 5th Avenue and 60th Street.  And where they walk around giving guide tours to welcome us. Running Inside central park (From 3 miles to 6 miles) With heels, views, and Beautiful people (Girls in bikinis and guys topless, MEOW!).   If you don't like to run, you can walk around the park.  Directions are listed almost everywhere (Or look on the website for information).  Also they offer Bike rentals if you want to bike around, They have a bike route inside the park. John Lennon in Strawberrie Field is another famous spot to come and See. Winter time, Ice Skating at the Wollkman Rink. Romantic Date There is a Central Park Boathouse with a beautiful view of the Lake and of course... Fancy Meal.  Also you can rent a Boat to Row with your Plus one (Date or Family together). (Boats are $12 per hour (cash only), $2.50 for each additional 15 minutes with a $20 cash deposit.  Each boat holds up to 4 people. The Loeb Boathouse will provide life jackets. Children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult). Central Park Zoo is small, but is another excuse to come and experience what this Park Can offer you. NO matter how many times I come to this park.  I always get lost!
Central Park is one of those places that I've always wanted to check out, but never got a chance to. Luckily I was able to yesterday and this park is amazing! There's so much to see and every sight was astounding. Unfortunately I came to the park at around 7 PM which was a bit late, but I was able to visit all the locations that I planned on checking out anyway. At least it wasn't too hot when I went... This park is a must-see if you're ever in NY, there's something for everyone to do! Central Park is one of the highlights of my trip that I'll never forget.
Who wouldn't give this place 5 stars?  I spent my last morning on a recent trip walking around the park taking in the sites of the trees and the people with small glimpses of buildings in the background.   My pretzel was less than to be desired but the walk and the visitors centers made up for it.
There is a little bit of everything for everyone here - runners, photographers, walkers, tourists, romantics, cyclists, dog-owners,
Honestly, I still prefer Riverside Park, but tonight I met Alec Baldwin (it's times like this that I wish I had a digital camera, damn it, he's my favorite character from my favorite television show, 30 ROCK) and Michael Bloomberg (the Mayor of The Greatest City in the World, a little place I like to call home) sitting in the VIP section for a New York Philharmonic performance of Mozart's 41st Symphony and Beethoven's 7th Symphony and an encore of the Scherzo from Mendelssohn's A Midsummer Night's Dream conducted by Alan Gilbert in The Great Lawn... I brought wine (I love you, Vinho Verde), and so did my two friends who I brought along as my guests -- so there were plenty of good times to be had, even considering the thousands and thousands of people and tons and tons of litter through which I had to navigate upon my extended efforts to enter and exit... But then, of course, afterward, on my walk to my friend's apartment to watch Tru Blood and get drunk, I ran into my ex (I don't have many of those, I can count them all on four fingers) -- and was brought right back down to Earth (which, need I remind you, is the place where people constantly lie, deceive, cheat, neglect, abandon, etc. etc. etc., themselves and others)... Central Park is A-OK with me, but I'd perhaps possibly maybe just maybe like it a whole lot more if I never had to leave -- coming back to the outside world is always a major pain in my arse, and in an environment where everyone is trying to find bliss and rapture and beauty and self-fulfillment in such a small location, I don't know, it just doesn't work for me very often.
I heart Central Park. It makes me giddy and excited. I never want to leave. it has everything - EVERYTHING. Running trails, amusement rides, kayaking, art, sculptures, live music, live theatre ... and monkeys! Well, in the Zoo at least. Any trip to NYC warrants a few visits to Central Park. If you're me, that means every day.
Best spot in New York City for tourists and residents alike. And it won't even cost you a dime. I know, surprising for NYC. My personal fav is Bethesda Fountain/Terrace - gorgeous architecture, great spot for random people watching and hotspot for street performers. The best time to come is autumn so you can catch beautiful fall foliage. But it's worth visiting anytime, if you're out of town. If you go to all the NYC tourist attractions, hyped restaurants, Fifth Avenue & miss this place, I can pretty much say you missed out.
What's not to like?  I had always heard it's large, but until you actually see it you'll never know how large it is.  It can't all be seen in one day that's for sure.   I think it would look beautiful with the first snow falling or like in the black and white photo above that appears to have rain. For us, coming from California, we were walking....and suddenly it was raining leaves!  What a treat.   It was so pretty!  As I was fumbling to take a video- of course it stopped, but gosh was it pretty.
One of my favorite places in the whole world. There is no where better to go on a spring or fall afternoon or Sunday and walk through the park. I find myself going from east to west or at the zoo, because the park is such an enjoyable place to be. You can go row boating, ice skating in the winter, sail a non motor boat in the pond, to the zoo, get your face painted, or artwork of yourself, you can even visit a castle or choose from a handful of dining options. As a native New Yorker, I have had the pleasure of going on swings in many of the play grounds,  riding my bike on the pathways, playing sports, and having a picnic on the great lawn. I have not got to see Shakespeare in the park yet, but it gives me something to look forward to. Central Park is in the middle of one of the biggest cities, but it ironically offers an escape from the concrete and fast pace.
I'm no expert on NYC travel, but am pretty confident in saying that if there's one thing you MUST do in NYC, it's visit Central Park.  It's incredible.  I think I've been to NYC about 7 times and have made it to the park at least 5.   On this last trip, we walked the entire length up, then back.  It took the bulk of the afternoon, but it was wonderful.  The maps throughout the park are incredibly helpful and there were plenty of spots that seemed secluded from all the tourists (not in a creepy way, but it a serene way!).  The south part of the park was pretty crowded, but the further north we got, the fewer people.  A few highlights... reservoir (amazing views of the city, plus we saw a bunch of turtles), Belvedere Castle, the statue of Balto the husky (a must for any fans of Six Degrees of Separation!), and the Shakespeare Garden.  There is so much to do and see here, it's simply a must see!
I love NYC... but I don't know if it would be bareable for long without the juxtaposition of this huge beautiful park right in the middle of the concrete jungle. I love the hustle and bustle of the city, and other than having to cross through the infamously crowded tourist trap of 5th ave to get there.. I really enjoy my ten minute quintessential 'new york city' walk to get to the park. As big of a city as New York is.. if you have a reasonably similar daily schedule you might be surprised how many familiar faces you see.. a good number of doormen along my typical path of to the park recognize me and greet me daily. It's nice to have those familiar faces & smiles on a regular basis :) Now on to my review of the actual park... I just have to say that my ramblings about the city are relevant because although central park is great in itself, its mid-city location is what makes it absolutely amazing! Perfect place to take the dog, have a picnic, brown bag it, play a wide variety of sports, sun tan in the summer, sled & ice skate in the winter, row a boat, watch some of the worlds best (and worst haha) street performers, explore a tiny castle, run, ride a bike, see a concert, watch a play, take photos with loved ones, go see dinosaur bones and mummies at the nat history museum.. etc.. etc.. etc. I could spend a lifetime listing off things you could do there.. its pretty awesome :)  I've even been witness to a naked hula-hoop competition.. where are all those park officers when we need them ;P I like to stop at the ballplayers' house just north of the fields for a sangria during the warm weather months.. they are very dog friendly, have free treats and water dishes for your pup. Perfect stop for you & your best friend to take a break mid walk. A few random facts: Central Park closes at 1am and opens at 6am, 365 days a year (except during exceptional circumstances, like natural disaster) There are 21 playgrounds and over 9000 benches scattered throughout the entire park. Where is...? Balto - East 67th Street near the East Drive Alice in Wonderland - 75th Street just north of Conservatory Water Hans Christian Andersen - 74th Street just west of Conservatory Water The Obelisk (Cleopatra's Needle) - 81st Street behind the Metropolitan Museum of Art There also are 48 other fountains, monuments, and sculptures in Central Park. "seeking peace and tranquility"? 8 "Quiet Zones": Bethesda Terrace - mid-Park at 72nd Street Conservatory Garden - East 105th Street, off Fifth Avenue Conservatory Water (Model Boat Pond) - East 73rd to 72nd Streets East Green - East 69th to 72nd Streets Shakespeare Garden - West 79th Street Sheep Meadow - West 66th to 69th Streets Strawberry Fields - West 72nd Streets Turtle Pond - mid-Park between 79th and 80th Streets Go check out C.P.'s website for more things to do and locations!
Love Love Love this park! I visited my friend in NY for a week, and one of my favorite things I've done in the city was a morning run in the park! It was so good! I can't wait to visit her back in the Spring and Fall when all the colors are out! This will be super pretty!
It is such a gorgeous park and a great escape from the busy city. There are such beautiful areas of the park and there is so much you can do. While I was walking through the park Matt Damon ran by me. He gave that look when I noticed it was him that "ya I am Matt Damon". You never know who you are going to see when you are there. Take the time to explore the park. It is a nice to change from the tall buildings of the city.
What else can I say!? This is such a park! There is so much to offer. Plenty of places to sit and relax, great running trails and lots of little nooks to check out. Several square miles to roam and explore. No visit to new York is complete without spending a full day in central park.
Well, it's Central Park! What can I say? Is the most beautiful city park I've ever been!
This park is HUGE and absolutely beautiful. If you're an out of towner or a tourist, like myself, you'd definitely need to make a stop here. It's impossible to walk Central Park in a single day, that's how ginormous this place is, so I'd highly recommend hiring a peddle bike tour guide, whom you can find pretty much anywhere near the park, for about $60 bucks for about an hour long tour. Especially, if it's a dude from blonde haired dude from Siberia. I forget his name but he was hilarious and seemed very knowledgeable (as in the history/landmarks/and what movies were made) about the park. Half the information he told us might have been bullshit, but regardless it was wonderful enjoying the view and the ambiance...And it beats trying to walk this beast of a park. Note: Watch out for horse poo.
Now there isn't anything I can say here to make you go or not go....its Central Park dammit! Its a big dose of green from Columbus Circle to 110 Street. I come here for the solitude to think and plan my next moves, revel in the family times being had around me, be one with nature, enjoy the sweet sounds of free music, the lakeside views and most importantly an escape from the craziness of life. The added bonus is that I come here for impromtu picnics on the lawn with friends, and photo shoots with my models.
Bringing my dogs on a stroll through Central Park for Off the Leash (before 9am and after 9pm) is my favorite weekend pastime.  At this time of day there are barely any large tour groups or pedestrians (without dogs) around the park  - and you and your dog can have it all to yourselves! It's such a great site to see and my dogs really look forward to it every weekend (or week day if I have time). I know of many bikers and runners who dislike how their exercise time coincides with dogs freely roaming around (dog owners just have to make sure they have control over their dogs). Only downside are the piles of horse manure all dogs seem to have an affinity for. Isn't there a better way to dispose of this? And watch out for those smelly puddles of who knows what.
Super ! A l'exception du zoo qui est pourri , ne le visiter pas , mais sinon la vue et s'y balader reste magnifique
It seems a little silly to write a review of Central Park, as its a quintessential New York icon that everyone can enjoy. As one of the largest public parks in the country, Central Park has much to offer along the lines of beautiful scenery, wildlife, and recreation. Runners, athletes, and romantic strollers alike have a place in this gigantic space with the phenomenal NY skyline towering above just a stone's throw away. There are quite a few popular spots to visit in this park, but there is no dull area, really. For those looking for a slightly more touristy feel, there are cafes/restaurants throughout; Tavern on the Green is the most popular one. A boat ride in the spring in one of the ponds or a picnic near their iconic fountain is also a fan favorite. A brisk walk through the park's mall make for great exercise and prime people watching. My usual course? Entering the park from around Park Avenue then crossing over diagonally or heading to Central Park West, where a major point of interest is Strawberry Fields, dedicated to the late John Lennon. I enjoy this park, although it's not my favorite. There are always improvements that can be made, such as more restrooms or better handicap accessibility for some of the older areas, but when it comes down to it, can you really hate a beautiful green space in an otherwise densely urban city? Of course not.
What a beautiful park!  There's hardly a way to describe this gorgeous landmark without understating it.  About the only thing I really regret from my recent trip to NYC is not having had the chance to do some more exploring and cover more ground in the park.  I could have spent half the day here but, then again, there's just so much to do in Manhattan.   I used to live across the street from the Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, so I do have a real appreciation for what I believe is the nation's first truly landscaped park.   Next time, I'll have to try one of the walking tours.  Definitely something you have to put on your list of things-to-do in NYC.
I've been to central park a million times. It's typical of a New yorker that frequents the city. I've ended up on all different sides. To tell you what is where? I wouldn't be able to do that. I just know that its beautiful. They have this huge rock mass near a play ground. I LOVE this playground. Awesome swings and if you sit on top of the rocks (which are totally there for the sitting) you can see the whole playground and a lot of space around it. It's humbling to see the whole place like that. The park is kept immaculately clean considering its NYC. Just about everything in NY is dirty but central p is like a little safe haven. Bring a blanket and lay out on the grass near some huge pond. Do I know the name of the pond? No. But there is a little bridge over it. There is a zoo that I've only seen from outside the park fence and plenty of other beautiful things to have a gander at. What I find to be most interesting about central park, aside from it being so beautiful, is it serves as a sense of calm right in the heart of the busiest place on earth. You can sit on those rocks and you won't here a single thing. No horns. No drama. Nothing. Just birds chirping, a few dogs barking, and the occasional child laughing. It's lovely. *I saw a mouse here while I was walking around late at night. I had a flip out but that is typical of me. The mouse was just doing his good old mousey thing. I shouldn't have overreacted. **you WILL get lost in here..so try to pay close attention to the paths you take. Don't want anyone coming up missing.
The best park in the world. Tons of shows and entertainment.  You can have fun here for days. Beautiful gardens, fields, benches, statues, etc. In the winter, wollman rink opens up and you can go ice skating. During the summer, it's warm and I like to walk the length of the park for exercise.  It's a great place to take your dog and to go jogging or bike riding.
saturday night: house warming get together.... interesting mix of friends, note to self, remember to organize a better group of people so that they may interact. alcoholic beverages consumed = too many. side note, do not consume recreational drugs when hosting a housewarming get together. sunday morning: japan day event at central park. note to self - lose best friend who is engaged to be married to indian in japan. starting 8am... after having slept at 5am, reminders and excitement over japan day were initiated in the apartment. people emerging from shock state of alcoholic binging were hiding under blankets, bed, etc... best friend continued assault of japan day. six people piled into small nissan and we embarked on said journey from brooklyn to central park at around 1pm. naturally no parking... naturally so damned bright... naturally sunny weather = very very hot big ups for japan day: everything is free.. the food is free... ! even if u have to wait in terribly long social security food stamp kind of lines..it is all free and smells yummy (i did not wait in line therefore don't actually know if it tasted yummy)  the one free thing i did get was wellness tea, it was godawful. anyway, we took a few pretend park pictures and bounced... hangover and central park just do not go very well. best friend of japanese excitement did enjoy her trip and would give five stars to amazing new york multiculturalism... me... i would give three because i am stingy x
my earliest memory of Central Park is from the film, Muppets Take Manhattan. my most recent memory of the Park is when i crossed the finish line there for the new york city marathon. beautiful place. Frederick Law Olmsted was a genius.
Things I love to do in Central Park: -Sunbathe on giant rocks -Ice skate -Observe duckies on the pond -Illegally feed the duckies with bits of bread -Poke turtles -Build snowmen -Aggravate squirrels -Chase pigeons -Make flower chains a la 3rd grade -Identify wildlife -Listen to bird calls -Throw snowballs at unsuspecting children -Have picnics -Sneak in vodka watermelons -Scavenge edible plants -Walk up and down paths -Trip over dog leashes -Catch falling tree stars ... more to come I'm sure. I figured I'd share my perspective of the Park as I'm sure the other 800+ reviews have covered every angle there is regarding how amazing it is. Enjoy.
Having a park smack dab in the middle of an amazing city was such a brilliant plan and a great escape from the city.  If you have never been there it is much larger than you could imagine. We walked through about 3/4 of the park and felt like we had only seen a small portion. My favorite scene was looking through the park back into the contrast of the skyscrapers in the background.  A must stop while in NYC.
Nice stroll around Central Park! I loved everything this park had to offer.  After walking down and shopping on 5th ave it was bizarre to see a park in the middle of the city.  The weather outside was nice and sunny for a winter day in NYC.  I got to see the zoo they have there.  The good thing was cars were not allowed in so you can walk around without having to worry about getting hit by a car.  I enjoyed my stroll down the park.
Perfection, thy name is Central Park. If you ever need an escape from endless concrete, steel, and glass there are plenty of well travelled or secluded spots in the park to relax.
There are tons of amazing urban parks in this country, but as a New Yorker, of course, Central Park is my favorite. Read all the other reviews for why this place is amazing. It's all true. You can see why Woody Allen has paid homage to this place in his movies. It's a fantastic escape. Are you a people watcher? This place is for you! And every time it's something new. So many random things I can remember: the different marathons, underwear runs, TV crime-shows filming scenes, being "that" wedding party running through Central Park when my brother got married, accidentally running into Mila Kunis while filming Friends with Benefits, and all with the backdrop of the landscaping, architecture, and NYC skyline. Then with the numerous museums and restaurants on the periphery, you can spend days here. I remember taking one of my good friends here; he had never been in Central Park before. He regressed into a child, he was amazed by the place. I'm always happy here. How can you not love a place that makes you feel like that?
How to set the mood: Plan to go here on the impromptu after a few drinks. Climb up on one of those crazy big rocks. Ignore the mosquitoes. Cozy up next to each other. Make sure there is a nice clearing of trees so you can see up to the moon and the flashing lights of The Plaza Hotel. Be silent for a moment. It'll feel like you are the only two people in the world. Almost like you're not in New York City anymore. Squint and you can even see some stars. A taste of nature in concrete country. How to ruin the mood: Two NYPD shining lights in your faces asking if you've "seen any Mexicans around here." How to reignite the mood: Aw just kiss each other already.
What I love most are the possibilities!! Its such an extensive reserve where I can bike, run, ride the swings, watch people, picnic, watch softball games, walk to the MET... wow, the options are plentiful!! All perfect for the cheapskate.
I like Central Park because you can wonder off in it, and see nothing but trees, plants, dirt and even streams and little waterfalls, not a building in sight! The North Woods are particularly beautiful, and fun to walk around, but other places like JKO reservoir is nice, the Bethesda fountain is a must, and just doing one of the bigger loops by bike or foot. There are so many interesting statues there as well. I am so luck to live right around the corner from this amazing place. In the summer...forget it, this place is nearly an everyday destination, to exercise or just walk around, to read, to do anything!!! There are all kinds of events too, like free concerts and movies with free and delicious gourmet pop corn!! If King Kong would've stumbled across this place instead of another NYC icon, then maybe things would've turned out a little better...just saying.
I decided I love Central Park more than any other park-because they have sprinklers in the summer. Basically I can run through them and pretend I'm 5 years old again, and this makes me ridiculously happy. Even when I'm not wearing a bathing suit. Also there's just a very happy vibe from everyone. I love it.
Always something new to discover.  Beautiful all year!  If you just want to sit, play, explore...bring your dog, pack a picnic, get in a workout...   Wear comfortable shoes!
Dear Central Park, I come to you with bottles of wine and friends and in return you give me shirtless hotties and a tan. I win.
One of my favorite places in New York and it never gets old. I love running around the reservoir. There is plenty to see and the different skylines are amazing. The Ice Skating rink is a bit pricey, but a fun thing to do and highly recommended. The park feels very safe, although I've walked through it at night, and wouldn't recommend it without a group as there are many dark areas. Although I've always been a visitor, I know my friends that live in the city visit the park often on their own, making it one of the few areas that both tourists and locals embrace. Always look forward to the next time I'm in the park.
Central Park is a big WOW in the crowded NYC. I could not believe how refreshed we got visiting this giant park. We walked the whole day, covered most of the park. We saw busking artists, breath deeply etc. Everything is fantastic! Highly recommended. Bring your whole family here.
I wish I had more time to experience the lusciousness of this park. This is my second time visiting it, but actually, the first time i came it was raining and was only able to walk up to the muddy path but not on it). This time we were limited to riding around the entire park stopping only to take a few quick pictures. We did it in just over two hours. If I had more time, Id get off the bike and just lay on a blanket in the grass, or have a little picnic for two. Its a great escape from the hustle and bustle of the city surrounding it.
the best place in new york step out of the concrete jungle and get lost in a gorgeous green leafy environment birds chirping sun shining and just let the stress of your day slip away
Ella Fitzgerald singing "April in Paris" but it could be April in New York. It's been too long since I last saw spring in New York.  San Francisco is the city of always-spring with my friend shaking her head and saying, "The flowers around here are confused."   But in New York, it's as though all living things, human, birds, animals, flowers, trees have been waiting out the winter and are too eager to step out again into the warming world in spring. April in Central Park, New York: patchworks of daffodils nodding in the gentle breeze, the green green grass littered with spring magnolia petals, the spring magnolia trees themselves blooming pink tipped creamy porcelain cups of large blossoms, cherry blossoms coloring tree branches so thick that the branches seem to be wearing sleeves of delicate pink.  Large thick bushes of forsythia with their vibrant yellow whips ablaze...no delicacy here, but something fiery, fierce and passion is not red but this exact shade of yellow.   Everyone is out about, talking, running, or like me, just taking it all in.
This is one of the best Parks in the world.  Please visit this place before you die.  But when I went here last, it was weird...I saw a couple of guys praying and before that two dudes doing something inappropriate.  Weird park indeed, but hey...YOLO i guess when it comes to NYC. p.s. I was travelling w/ a RG girl and she was not happy that there were no places to perform wudu and she went a long ways from CP to find a place to wash up and pray.  Guess she did not want to use the pond water and stuff...oh well. p.p.s I got parking right next to CP and I was applauded by several people and they told me this parking spot was probably the best parking spot ever and that I should be given a medal of honor for scoring the amazing spot.
I love this place. You can spend the entire day there and not see everything. It's a great place to ride a bike, jog, have a picnic, whatever. And when it snows it becomes so magical. I just love coming here and seeing something new every time.
Central Park was near our hotel, so we liked to walk there in early morning. We enjoyed fresh air and calm. It's not the most beautiful park I've visited! It's a different one.
Wow!!! As much as I come to Central Park I can't believe I haven't written a review yet.... Anyhoooo here it is. After a bike ride we did in Vancouver, we decided to rent bikes and finally see the whole park. We started at the Columbus Circle and went along the road through the entire park going counterclockwise. I'm so glad they block cars from coming into the park on weekends, made my bike ride more comfortable. There are so many people at the front of the park, which make sense it's the entrance to the park. As you get deeper into the park it becomes less crowded and more quiet which is very relaxing. We stopped quite a bit to take in the views and rest from some of the uphill ride. The North part of Central has this one hill that was soooo hard for me to get up, so I had to walk the bike up. The total bike ride was a little over 2 hours, so if you're planning to rent a bike just rent for 3 hours.
How can you not love Central Park? For manhattanites, it is someplace right in the middle of the city for them to connect with nature and enjoy some outdoor activities. For tourists, we love to marvel at the immense verdant sanctuary in the dead center of a concrete jungle. The park is so huge I confess that I have not seen all of it, even after multiple visits. On our most recent trip to New York my husband and I spent a few hours on a sunny afternoon just vegging out in the Sheep Meadow. This is basically a huge grassy area which for some reason has a chain link fence surrounding it, so we really did feel like sheep in a pen! Kids were running around playing to their hearts content while the adults lounged on blankets while soaking up the sun or enjoying a picnic. It was a lovely scene and we enjoyed the much needed downtime after running around all over the city sightseeing in the previous days.
Don't avoid it Central Park because you think it's cliche, full of tourists, "just a big park", or too big to conquer. Is it cliche? Sure--only seven gillion movies have been filmed here, 6.9 gillion of those being romance movies. Is it full of tourists? Sure--everyone wants to see where (insert one of the 7 gillion movie titles) was filmed and where (insert sexy actress) kissed (insert sexy actor). Is it too big to conquer? Sure--Central Park is huge, and unless you're in pretty excellent shape or you have four shots of espresso every hour on the hour you won't be able to see the whole thing in one try. But is it just a big park? Sure...ly not. Besides its practical purpose of circulating much-needed oxygen throughout this otherwise muggy, dirty, smelly city, the sights are beautiful (especially when you see the skyline peeking from behind old trees, or an ornate building overlooking a still pond...) and the options for activity are endless. You've never seen a more versatile, centralized, efficient, and lively park. People are everywhere, though there are places to get lost and hide from the masses--my personal favorite. Whether you walk along the edges to get from one place to the next or you plan an entire day to explore, Central Park is an oasis in the midst of NYC's tiring bustle.
One of the most iconic parks in the world... love it! - Minus the few tolerable inconveniences such as the smell of horse manure at certain locations, tourists, unaware bikers/pedestrians, etc. BUT it's Central Park and there really is nothing like it. There are so many great things about this park that cannot be overlooked or replicated anywhere.
Im sure this place looks great during the spring or fall.. when there's leaves on the trees. Wasnt to impressed during winter...
Spent countless Sunday's here at the skaters circle in the middle of the park, a nice walk from the man made soccer field by the bathrooms. Rollerblades or four wheels, all wheels are welcome. The DJ's who spin are always on point, filling the air of tunes you can't resist moving your body to. Crowds, stand around to watch professional skaters skate, do tricks or just to dance to music. I haven't been since last year, I'm due for skating now that the weather calls for it. Besides this the park is absolutely beautiful, now that summer is here, summer stage concert series are now in full effect. Attending a concert: leave hours before show, some lines go for ten blocks long and more. Walking around the whole park is great, surprised I wasn't exhausted afterwards I believe it's seven miles around but definitely worth it. The fun you can have here is limitless, can have a picnic, sketch in the grass, read a book, play soccer ,tan, dance, ride a tired horse around the park, etc.. the option is yours.
5 stars! What more can I say that's not already mentioned in the plethora of reviews about one of the most popular parks in the world?! After Carnegie Deli, we had about an hour to spare, so decided to spend it here.  We wanted to see the park in its entirety, but an hour can't do it justice.  We decided to hire a pedi-cab or a guy (ours from Turkey) on bicycle lugging our lazy asses around to the parks' highlights.  Glad we did because we wouldn't have even scratched the surface if we walked.   The main attraction for me was to visit Strawberry Fields or John Lennon's memorial site:  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St… Other places of interest we enjoyed seeing were: Bethesda Fountain (1873), Terrace & Passage Belvedere Castle (1869) Central Park Carousel (1951) The Mall & Literary Walk Chess & Checkers House (1952) and various sites where films were made and views of The San Remo en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Th… A must see when in NYC.  Although, I didn't, an awesome place to run during the summer.
Who doesn't love Central Park and just about everything about it? Rowing on Central Park Lake, listening to awesome musicians, the bridges, the hills, the trees....... I could go on but I won't.
Whether you want to watch a show, see some wildlife, or just relax in the grass, Central Park can deliver all of that and more.  You can spend ten minutes in the park or go exploring for days.  Central Park is like a little oasis in New York City.  Walking around and exploring this huge park can be really fun or you can even get a guided tour.
umm. it's central park people. what more do you want???
Central Park is one out of a group of about five sights around Manhattan that has that distinct timeless glow to it.  There is something so traditional, sincere, and earnest about visiting the park on a Saturday or Sunday.  It honestly leaves you warm-hearted and smiling from ear to ear.  During the fall, park-goers can expect a shower of yellow and orange leaves falling below their feet as they shuffle their way to see pumpkin carvings and face paintings.  Winter provides a steady atmosphere conducive for endless snowman possibilities.  Spring features unparalleled live music and frisbee tossing in order to awaken New Yorker's spirits from winter hibernation.  Finally, summer is the perfect time to take a row boat out on the lake to catch the Northeast sun before fall returns.  Try taking a carriage ride through the park or hold a sunset picnic to bring the day to a close.  No matter what season, the idea for New Yorkers is that you come back to the city refreshed and truly appreciating your home, the greatest city in the world.
On a recent "Marketplace Morning Report" on NPR, Jeremy Hobson interviewed Avery Monsen, co-author of the new book "I Feel Relatively Neutral about New York" (marketplace.publicradio.…).  Monsen's stance is that, while New York is a great city, it's not as great as it thinks it is.   When Hobson queried, "Is there anything that you really just love about New York, no questions asked, you're not neutral about it -- you just love it?", Monsen referenced a $3 falafel stand in Williamsburg. How he could not acknowledge Central Park is a mystery to me.  Every time I come I think how lucky New Yorkers are.
This was one of my favorite places to visit in NYC. We lucked out and visited NY during a week with perfect weather and so we spent a lot of time outdoors. This park is so incredibly peaceful with lots and lots of trees. We too saw them setting up for a Law and Order shoot and even saw Ice T and Coco driving towards the scene. I thought the Bethesda Fountains and the Alice in Wonderland sculpture were amazing!
Came here to see Mariah Carey for the all star concert and it was great. The grass was nice and green and the atmosphere was amazing. Great sounding to make the whole park get in the Mariah Carey feel. I'm scared to come here at night only because it's like a maze and hard to find the exist since it has limited lighting. I'm not going to lie, I get lost here all the time.
heart. (Even in the winter!)
The BEST park. There are too many good things to list. So, go visit the website- actually no- go visit the park!! :)
I didn't get attacked by a smelly bum, what an accomplishment. I love this park.
One star to the almost too-challenging uphill climb on the big loop heading to Central Park North from the east side on my second time around the park -- excuse the terrible run-on. You've made me look as though I'm running in slow motion. Average that with the nine stars for the rest of the park... picnics in Sheep Meadow, Shakespeare in the Park at Delacorte, jogs around the Reservoir, catch in the Great Lawn, and on and on.
Amazing! Great views, I did t however see the troll. Points if you get that reference ;) I didn't get to jog through it, which I would've loved to be able to say I did. But I did take a walk or two! Saw the imagine memorial, which could've been better.  There was lots to see in the park. Some kids team playing sports, people watching, cute dogs, etc.
Why would I even review... it's central park! What's not to love?
the best place for NYC runners.
I'm a believer. The best way to see everything? Ride a bike. And, as you go downhill, definitely yell "Weeeeeeeeeeee!"
When I first moved to New York, I lived in a super tiny apartment on 63rd Street. I hated it. However, it's sole redeeming quality was it's close proximity to this greatest of New York City parks. While New York does have a lot of parks, none of the rest quite measure up to Central Park. There's so much to do there from laying out in the sun reading in the field, to looking at ducks and boats in the ponds, to getting lost in the paths and trails among the trees. It really is an oasis from the city, and as New York is so full of life and energy all of the time, Central Park is a much needed counterbalance of calm and relaxation. Now I know Central Park is only that, a park, so don't expect the best experience of your life. Nonetheless, it is a wonderful park and certainly one of the greatest urban parks on this planet.
Central Park is pretty, but it is also packed with people. I really like when nature is blended with the city scape but Central Park leaves a little to be desired in terms of serenity. If you can find a corner to escape the rest of Manhattan, then awesome. The architecture within the park is stunning. The park itself provides an incredibly scenic walk. You won't find too many parks that will give you such peerless variety.
This place is huge but there isn't that much to see. The day I went there weren't too many people. I swear it's a park for nannies to take the kids they are watching during a weekday afternoon.
awesome.
New York is like a second home to me since I visit every month. I love walking to Central Park to admire the stunning beauty of this amazing sanctuary. I'm such an ardent fan of the place that I try to come here as often as I can. It is a pleasant retreat from all the noise and hustle and bustle of the city. It is most certainly a peaceful haven of  tranquility. I have done yoga here in the summer, made snow angels in the winter, had picnic in the spring and read a book under a tree in autumn. Of course, anyone can do other things such as ice skate at Wollman rink, play a free game at the Chess & Checker house, take a romantic stroll with your sweetie, visit the statue of Alice & Wonderland, pay your respect at strawberry fields and even visit Belvedere castle in the middle of the park. The park is so massive, and the perfect place to wander around, get lost and take in the breathtaking views. It is certainly the perfect oasis for meditation and reflection since you are so close to nature. It is so spiritual. I love it.
I guess you can't really say anything bad about Central Park. It's huge, it has numerous photo spots to snap some nice pictures. It doesn't treat anyone bad... and of course... it's free! We went during the winter time and it felt very festive, felt like Christmas... also they had the ice skating rink which just makes it feel more like Christmas! If you're there during the winter time, I would highly suggest doing the ice skating in the park. Although it's not free... you'll be ice skating in Central park! Great park to just take a walk with your friends or sig other, exercising is also an option too. You can basically do anything here.
I'm one of those New  Yorkers who take this park for granted. I should have  already written about my favorite park in the entire world, with the exception of  Balboa Park in San Diego, CA, my next favorite park. I've been hanging in this park since the days of cops and  robbers, when it was just not cool to  hang, because I loved it so much. My first love and I made this park our own; I still  have warm fuzzy  lovely memories of strolling with him on snowy winter nights and warm  summer nights.  This is a wonderful park for lovers. In today's NYC, park robberies get reported on ny1.com and in the nydailynews.com. Who knew? When my mom was very ill a few years ago, I hung out  and prayed a lot at the Bethesda Fountain. Borrowing a beautiful pic of The Bethesda Fountain to post. TY, this is a really  beautiul pic. nyc2dailyphoto.blogspot.… I received news of her imminent death  late one evening while I was there. I couldn't have chosen a better place to mourn her. You can spend a life time in Central Park and not crack the surface of all the fun things  waiting to be done. Got kids, check out the zoo. Love music and plays...the park is waiting ...enjoy your summer here please. You will never forget. who you saw perform here...I haven't. . Madly in love,  enjoy yourselves here; CP works  because  of its' romantic atmosphere, which is encouraged by  the many cozy nooks that invite  dozens of hugs, kisses and  more.; Watch old marrieds, walk in the snow and  fall in love all over again.
How could you not enjoy yourself in Central Park? I spent an afternoon here just strolling, people watching, and street performer watching. And then another afternoon just reading and people watching. Plentiful benches and lawns to sit on, and lots of wonderful shade provided by the trees. The landscape includes gently rolling slopes so it feels less perfectly-planned-urban-park and more like you're out in nature. A wonderful way to forget you're in a city, or, if you look up at the skyline, just in awe that you're still in the city.
gorgeous day at the park...any day is gorgeous, really! as a nyc tourist, it was so fun to people watch and see parents bring their kids and how big the kids' eyes got when they walk around. i also had the pleasure of watching the free broadway in the park of "hair".
The most breathtaking, calorie-burning, movie-like park I've ever set foot on. We got to experience probably just 1/4 of this park due to the lack of time we had. We took a nice long stroll from Levain Bakery with our ginormous cookies in hand to Central Park. Good thing this park is the size of Texas cuz we needed to burn them buttery calories off! The weather was just absolutely gorgeous that day in early October. I really like all the random events going on at the park. From struggling musicians to poets to just awesome locals walking their high-end Manhattan pups. The park benches and bridges were just so picturesque. I especially enjoyed getting to see the actual spots where they filmed one of my all-time favorite movies, Home Alone 2 Lost in New York! The Gapstow Bridge is gorgeous but not as gorgeous as standing on top of those rocks with the Plaza Hotel right behind me! The busiest spot at this park, from what we experienced was definitely the Bethesda Fountain. One of the most beautiful fountains I've ever seen. TONS of people taking pictures here and just lounging around enjoying an ice cream or a good ole NYC hot dog by the fountain. I'd love to take another sexy stroll or even a run here to explore more of this national historic landmark of New York.
This is where everyone wants to go when they come visit -- it's so iconic of NYC. They've got a point.  Tourist, New Yorker -- whatever the hell are you, there should be no excuse to NOT come here.
Walk through the ramble at night during a blizzard. Ride a bike around the loop. People watch on the mall. Play a baseball game in the north meadow. This place has kept me sane on more than one occasion. The best time to go is around 4am.  Not sure if it's technically open, but it is amazing. Oh yeah, it's so much safer than everyone thinks.
From the outside, its just a really really big park. From the inside, its a whole different world. Theres a damn castle thing in there!
Love it! My favorite memory of New York is riding around Central Park on bikes. I didn't manage to go all the way up to the North part of the park but looped from Columbus Circle to the reservoir. It takes about 2 hours but is a great way to see the park.
No stop to NYC is complete without a morning or afternoon here. Unless its pouring rain you should go. We went on a gloomy Monday afternoon, but it wasn't very cold either so that could play into my suggestion We started out walking in from the subway near the Natural History Museum. That gets you close to the middle of the park. We walked over to this castle that's free and you can get amazing, nearly panoramic views of the city. From there we just wondered around making our way south towards Times Square, stopping to take amazing photos and enjoying everything the park had to offer. By the time we got to the city it was sunset and the city lighting up behind the trees which was a beautiful sight and made for great photography. Can't wait for our next visit, I would love to rent some bikes and check out more of this park. If you are here visiting with your boyfriend/girlfriend/SO you would be fool not to take them here. It's very romantic. Pro tip: For you budding photographers out there, bring a small tripod for the camera. Comes especially handy for the twilight city shots.
This past Sunday  I visited Central Park's East Meadow for Japan Day.  It was a fun cultural festival with lots of family friendly activities.  There were free Japanese food samplings and we ended up going home with more boxes of green tea then we could ift in our bag!  There was also many different Japanese performers on stage. Before Sunday I had never been that far into Central Park.  East Meadow wasn't as beautiful as the rest of the park.  It seemed like it would be a huge dustbowl if the winds were strong.  However it was a gorgeous day and the Japan Day set up with the stagel was very nice. There is not much more I can add about Central Park that hasn't already been said.  It's a beautiful oasis in the middle of a huge city. Oh and there is "Diana Ross Playground" which is just cool enough all by itself.
It exceeded my expectations and was so big! ( thats what she said) but it was great
I freakin' love this place.  Every time I walk through the park I discover something new.  There's a zoo, restaurants, biking, carousel, baseball, kickball, yoga, boot camp, etc.  Seriously, you can do anything in Central Park!  It's a nice retreat from the concrete jungle.
always nice. it's very relaxing.  i love parks. something for everyone!
By far, the most amazing park I've ever been to.  Green, luscious, and full of life, human and otherwise.  Flapping birds, snuggling lovers, family portraits, samba dancing, determined, sweaty runners, Beethoven to Bruisers, crackheads to crackups....this park has it all.   I'd call it a sensory overload.  This park is breathtaking.  I'm sure there will be an update....purely because I'll have to rant and rave about it all over again in a few months....or sooner. I love you New York.
The perfect balance to the fast paced NYC life... Stepping into Central Park is like stepping into a whole other city...things are slower and actually...calm. It's a huge park and my favorite site was the Bethesda Fountain and Terraces. Its the prettiest spot in the park and its been there since 1842! Bethesda Fountain is the must-see of Central Park. Be wary of the carriage rides...not all of the drivers will actually give you a tour. Some just drive around the southern half and take one picture of you...then demand $34 for their services...plus most of the cabbies are stinky from the bag of horse dung under the horses butt. Its better just to take a walk!
My first time in New York and the highlight for me was Central Park. We walked about 2 miles of it, from 104th all the way to 59th. We saw the reservoir, tennis courts, great lawn, the castle, the lake, Bethesda fountain and the mall/literary walk.  We lucked out and got perfect weather and noticed right away that everyone was sunning it up on the great lawn. My favorite part was Bethesda for sure and I wish we would have had time to get in a boat too.  When we go back I would love to do that and also take a horse drawn carriage ride or pedicab and visit the zoo and go to an outdoor concert. When we were in the park it really felt like we were nowhere near a major city, much less New York City. Loved it.
The pug I walk lives right by the park so I get to spend an hour in the late afternoons at this park on a daily basis, which makes my job as a dog walker worth it. I really have grown fond of the Great Lawn section of the park. When you get to the north bit and look across the lawn and see the cityscape, it reminds me how magnificent NYC is. I always stop, sit on a bench and enjoy the view for a few moments :) Always makes my day.
ny found the wallet!! yaaay, great park ; )  but still be careful.
Did you know you can go fishing in Central Park?     Neither did I until recently.  I've never done it, but I want to, if for no other reason than to say I've gone fishing in the middle of Manhattan.        There are numerous other great things to do in Central Park, which I've listed below.  If there is ONE tip and ONE tip only that I'd suggest tourists listen to, it's to NOT enter Central Park at 5th Avenue and 59th Street (aka Central Park South).  This is where EVERY tourist enters the park and it's quite crowded.  Plus, there are tourists who have been to Central Park five or six times, and this is the same little slice of the park they see every time.  Far better to travel up to the say........the west 70s or 80s and enter there.   With no further ado, my not-anywhere-near-complete list of cool things to see and do in Central Park. 1) Bike ride - One loop around Central Park is 6 miles.  It's a fun and scenic ride, filled with great people watching.  It's also a great way to see multiple sites and get around the park quickly.  My favorite part?  The northeast corner of CP by Harlem where there is a prolonged and steep downhill section.   You can get some major speed going.   Pretend you're in Vermont or Colorado. 2) Shakespeares garden - Just beautiful and a butterfly's paradise.  A great way to stop and smell the roses, literally.  I dont have a green thumb, but the individuals responsible for this surely do. 3) Jacky O Res - I like to come here and look across the water to the view of midtown Manhattan.  It's very popular with joggers, but I'll only run if chased......and with a knife.....and it would have to be a big knife.  It's by far the largest body of h2o in CP. 4) Turtle Pond/Belvedere Castle -   Go up to the top of the castle and look out over the park, you'll be glad you did.  Spend some time trying to count the number of turtles you see. 5) The Lake - This is bar none my favorite part of Central Park.  It's beautiful.  Plus, it borders both Strawberry Fields AND the Ramble.  The boating is quaint, the bridge is beautiful, the boathouse is romantic.  Everything about this section is fantastic.  You'll forget you're in a massive city, which is quite an achievement. 6) Wollman Rink - I love skating here at night.  The later the better.  A crisp, cold, Manhattan night with all the skyline lights in the background.  Does it get any better than this? There are a zillion other things to see and do: Cleopatra's needle, countless statues, hidden nooks, softball or tennis, lunch at TOTG, etc... but the above are some of my favorites.  In my opinion, no trip to NYC could be complete without a visit to the park.  And who knows, you might even catch a fish.
As a part of my weekend NYC adventure, my boyfriend and I hit up Central Park, where we proceeded to take the best nap of our lives on the great lawn and woke up at 7pm.. Not nearly as fancy (or clean!) as my beloved Millennium Park, but the fact that it is a bit rough around the edges gives it a lot of character. Will definitely go back with a big blanket (I woke up itchy and wet from the grass, fail!) and a bottle of wine.
Central Park is a beautiful place to spend time in the summer, where the trees make the inside air temperature a good 15 degrees cooler than that on the sidewalk and city streets.
2 blocks from my apartment...be jealous!!
when i get really tired of the crowds, the subways, the crowds in the subways, the smells in the subways,  the stench on the platforms, the constant, neverending noise and racket of the traffic...and I need a Place to just be....i come to Central Park....an Oasis in a frantic concrete Wonderland!
YES. LOVE LOVE LOVE. I just want to pick up this whole park and move it to Chicago where I live. Lucky New Yorkers. Oh, also, I should mention - I attended a wedding reception at the Loeb Boathouse in Central Park this past weekend, and it is an absolutely stunning location.
I love central park. As of late I've only walked through from the entrance of the upper west side all the way to 96th street on the east side (passed Harlem Meer and Central park Conservatory) and down 5th ave (while still in the park, Jacqueline Onassis Kennedy Resevoir) to the Met. And after we went to the Met we walked to Shake Shack on the West side through the park passing by Turtle Pond, through Belvedere Castle, and Delacorte Theater. All really gorgeous. This park is massive. And amazing. Really great place to wander through (but not alone because that's not safe). It's like a new adventure every time you go. I still have yet to see the Alice in Wonderland statue however and Central Park zoo. I can't wait to see how it looks in the Winter. I've only ever walked through in the Summer.
1,000th Review!!!! I've been to NY and got the spent the entire day in Central Park and still did not get the opportunity to see everything. Central Park has many hidden gems, statues, gardens, fields, underpasses, lakes/ponds, bridges, bike paths, fountains, cafes etc. It's absolutely amazing! If you're visiting the Metropolitan Museum or the Museum of Natural History you can see the park. They have the Central Park Zoo and admission is very reasonable, $14. Unfortunately we we're not able to see the Zoo. Maybe on my next trip. I highly suggest to invest in a map of the park so you can see the different areas and try to visit as much as possible. Shakespeare's Garden is an remarkable! You have a bench made of tree branches and a concrete seating area which appear to be scrolls. We passed by the Belvedere Castle, the Alice and Wonderland Statue that has the Mad Hatter, Bethesda Fountain that's absolutely beautiful, there's usually a lot of people there but still a site to see. If you there with kids the Conservatory Water is a great area to venture off to, it's a pond that is popular for the mechanical boats, you don't have to bring your own, you can always rent on there. Conservatory Water is close to the Hans Christian Andersen which is a great photo op moment with kids! Any age really but it's Hans leaning over inviting you o sit net to him with an opened book and a storybook duck looking up at him. The Romeo and Juliet statue is a romantic life size statue that's located by a theater entrance. My absolute favorite part, Strawberry Fields. It's secluded but at any given times to have people paying their respect. The center of the mosaic is always decorated with flowers. The two times I've been to NYC and visited Strawberry Fields fans are there with instruments singing songs of John Lennon and the Beatles, of course singing "Imagine." It's really easy to find and although it's right off a busy street when you in the fields it drowns out the noise. A great site to use to see the different sites to see is: centralparknyc.org/index… They also have an interactive map, looking at the map alone you'll see there's so much to do, see, enjoy and admire! One of the best features NYC has to offer!
I hope NY's greed doesn't ever get rid of this park so they can sell it off to build more buildings. It does wonders to so many hard working people in the city. All the little parks around the city is only a tiny sliver compared to this big mama. Yep, I called this park a mother. Because it's alive, it's familiar, it cares if you let it, and we care about it too.
My favorite part in NYC.   Whether taking kids on the boat ride or a zoo or just having a picnic on the lawn, it is just the best place to spend a hot summer day or night in New York.
First and only visit was on an autumnal day years ago, with a good friend from college.  Had a great time on foot, watching and listening to ALL personality-types (talk about free entertainment!), as the leaves fell to the ground.  Beautiful foliage, really.  Wish I had a cell w/ digital cam back then.  Jeesh, who am I kidding?  If I HAD been carrying a cell, it would've been too bulky to carry around, much less take anything worth looking at years later! Skip the $35 (or whatever the cost is these days) horse-drawn carriage rides.  It isn't worth it, as the park sights are much better witnessed on foot anyway.  The cost was too much, even back then, but I wanted to be able to say "I went on a carriage ride through Central Park." So, go for a walk or a run, but take a friend or two with you, and you'll have a grand time!
Oh how i long to visit the park and be able to walk around.... The park might have been a beautiful and relaxing experience if and only if i was able to find parking and actually get to enjoy the park and NOT the horrendous traffic NYC has to offer.
This is an amazing place an aboslute must if you are in New York. The diveristy of people is amazing, every corner you turn something different is happening. It really makes you feel like you're in an epsiode of friends or something!
Running or biking in this park is the best skin care I have ever found and it costs me nothing. Thank you Central Park~
nothing beats sitting down in central park drawing and listening to a jazz musician play his saxophone while a kaleidoscopic array of autumn leaves cascade to the ground.
Sunday was a beautiful day to walk through the park and look at the fountain, birds and trees.  What a precious sanctuary this is in NYC
Such an amazing place. I saw wild turtles here today swimming around in the pond and it made my day. I loved climbing on the rocks and walking through secluded paths. I loved the American Oak trees and I loved how picturesque everything is. I loved the skyline over the trees and I loves watching the puppies play. I loved getting in at 59th and 7th Ave and getting out at 81st and Central Park West and being surprised!! I love Central Park!
Such a wonderful park to look around. Take a relaxing stroll away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Walk by the zoo, or take part in ice skating (which the park is famous for).
What is there not to love about Central Park!  As early as 4AM you see runners out and about taking advantage of the quiet paths and well lit areas to get in their runs before the sun comes up.  Later in the day it becomes filled with locals and tourists a like, and those awful and crazy horse-drawn carriages, but with so much space you are sure to find a spot to yourself!  One of my favorite things in the Spring and Summer is to take a picnic there and watch the sunset.  Bats do come out at dusk though so just FYI those 'crazy flying birds' are probably not birds.... Central Park is also extremely pet friendly  with lots of 4 legged critters about, which is nice for pet owners, kill two bird with one stone!
Minus 1 Star for Jennifer Levine and the Jogger. That being said, this place is a godsend. My high school was a half block away and this was our backyard- track practice, softball, football, disc, sack, 4:20 when it was just called getting high, chillin' in the Meadow....free shows (KRS-ONE, Simon & Garfunkel and everything in between!). I can't imagine NYC with out Olmstead's masterpiece. From the hansom cabs and The Plaza on the South Side, The Met and The Guggenheim on the East and the Museum of Natural History and the Dakota on the West, I was fortunate enough to visit all of these on field trips during my formative years. Sheep's Meadow, pre-renovation is still my favorite: full contact tackle football with my friends on hard-packed dirt (then walking into Tavern on the Green with my dad to pee, looking like a dirty orphan). I think it lost a little of its edge when they re-sodded it. Strawberry Fields, The Wall, 'field day', too many memories of this place....
There was no way I was going to NY without visiting Central Park and this place really lives up to expectations. We stayed at Times Square so the walk to the park was pretty direct. At the entrance there's various statues and horse and carriage rides/ drivers but as the weather was glorious during our visit we opted just to walk round (well most of it). The park was a lot bigger than I imagined and we bought a map at the entrance which steered us around the various areas, including the fountains, literary walk with its statues, the carousel and boathouse. With the sun shining through the trees, we enjoyed soaking up the atmosphere - listening to the buskers/ musicians, watching the performers and looking at some of the photograph/ arts stalls. From office workers and maids enjoying their lunch in the park, to joggers and tourists, the park is fairly busy. However, it still seems relatively peaceful and calm compared to the biz of the city, and I can see why so many New Yorkers would want to escape to the park. Unfortunately, time limitations meant we couldn't see all of the park but the zoo looks worth a visit, and it would have been nice to pack a picnic and soak up the atmosphere for a bit longer. Definitely on my list for a revisit!
Ahh Central Park. I imagine it would be absolutely breathtaking in the Spring and Summer. But since we visited during the cold, frigid month of January, every single plant was dried up and dead. Booo... Still, it had a wonderfully serene and calming quality to it when the boy and I took our evening stroll through. We met some really friendly and cheery New Yorkers on our walk: first, a young mother chasing after her toddler, who was chasing after their papillon pup, which smacked straight into my right leg after skidding across a patch of mud. Nice. The young mom helped us take pictures near an icy pond. Next, we met an old Russian couple who were also on a walk that cold evening, and who cheerfully agreed to help us take pictures near the Central park boathouse. The quality I like best about New York is that there are distinct seasons. The trees begin to change colors, the cherry blossoms bloom, bodies of water freeze and thaw. In California, everything looks like Spring. Which can be great and comfortable to live in. But there is a sense of wonder, isn't there, when the seasons visibly shift and change before your eyes.
I don't know what more I can say abt Central Park that hasn't been said. I seem to go there every weekend to escape from the city and get my dose of sunshine. I love that you can see all sorts of random things going on - like last week a guy on bongos with hula hoops for everyone. People would come, grab a hula hoop and dance to his bongos. Awesome! I like to go to the wholefoods at columbus circle, buy some food and have an impromptu picnic in the park. Bliss.
Central Park is pretty big! We spent quite a few hours of our Sunday morning just biking around and sight seeing.  There were hundreds of people biking and rollerblading that day so it was really fun. There's also a lake in the middle where you can rent boats. We wanted to ride one but the bikes that we rented did not have locks so we decided not to risk it. I loved how there's a bunch of hotdog stands throughout the park so you can take a break when you get hungry. The park really is huge and it would probably be best not to walk around at night. There are a lot of "mobile" bike rentals just outside park entrance to the south. Most are pretty much priced the same so be wary if you get a deal that's too good to be true. These people walk around to different corners so make sure you remember the face of the person who rented you the bikes.
The park is huge and diverse.  There is so much to see in nature and people watching.  There are paved and unpaved trails, and every walk of life enjoying everything the park has to offer.
yo what a wiggity-whack thing to review.  how can you not fucking love central park  oh dude this is my 69th review.  hooollllleeeer.
Welcome to the ultimate park! Unless you have been living under the rock, you must have heard about this world-renowned park. Central Park is a must-go destination for all NYC trip no matter how much of the park you plan to explore! Central Park is an extensive green oasis that spans at least several city blocks in length and contains many diverse attractions throughout, so plan your visit especially if you do not intend to explore the park for the whole day. Here, you can explore the beautiful Conservatory Gardens, the awe-inspiring Great Lawn, the towering Belvedere Castle, and much more. Be careful though: there are not many help signs throughout the park so you may be lost if you explore the park interior without a GPS. Here are some tips on how to make the most out of your Central Park visit: 1. Plan and pinpoint certain park attractions or events 2. It's a given, but wear walking attire or shoes because you will be walking a lot! 3. Especially if you do not intend to spend too much time in the Park, use a Google Map to help you quickly navigate throughout the Park. 4. Consider participating in park activities like kayaking or biking
First Day I flew into New York we couldn't check into our hotel until 3pm. So we killed time at Central Park. This is by far the best park I ever walked into. But don't wonder and frolic in the park at night unless you have some kind of protection i.e. AK-47 lol anyways this is a MUST VISIT spot in NY and please PLEASE bring your camera! For your cupcakers try out the horse carriage ride around the park. This is a good place to exercise such as riding a bicycle or jogging. There are different spots to play softball, soccer, basketball or even football. Great spot to just relax or sleep on a rock while rejuvinating on a rock the sweet sound of a saxophone play. Be sure after you wake up to tip the saxophone guy. There are also human statues like Captain Jack Sparrow. He actually does a pretty good impression of Captain Jack Sparrow looking exactly like him and almost sounding like him. Nonetheless you should definitely I repeat take a bicycle or roller blades or a skate board and roam around this park freely because you'll be very tired walking around the park.
This park made me fall in love with NY :) From brunch at the now closed, Tavern on the Green, the horse carriage ride through the park, walking around through it, and hearing some great jazz high school musicians....and this whole experience with 3 fabulous girls...  Perfecto!
Not much I can say that hasn't Bern said, simply a visit to NYC isn't complete with a stroll around at least the southern part of the park. Discover hidden lawns and paths that are a million miles away from the city. And don't forget strawberry fields where there's usually someone strumming along on a guitar in the sun.
What can I say that hasn't been said about Central Park?  Probably nothing, but I will go on with my list anyway... Beautiful, fantastic place to walk through day or night, boat rides are wonderful on a summer day, great people watching, great date spot (have actually had a first kiss here...lame or cute?), 6 mile loop key for runners/bikers, walk 20 feet and you feel like you're in a different park, fantastic views of the city (even more fantastic if you're up high looking down at the park), freshest air in the city, hardly any homeless people, horse and buggy rides are fun (and overpriced and far too short, but still worth it) on a winter's day (with hot chocolate), sports-watching, rides for the kiddies, concerts/shows in the summer, bike rentals, so many paths and roads, rocks to climb, picture-worthy statues, beautiful Shakespeare Gardens, gorgeous views from Belvedere Castle and just an all-around feel of calm and relaxation.  Love it.
I love Central Park. My wife and I love to go in the autumn and just look at the sun casting its orange glow on the trees with a tea and coffee in hand. It is definitely a place for clearing the mind and just letting go of all the nonsense we all have to deal with on a day to day basis.
Don't tell anyone else but... shhh... I often walk across town from my UES home for no reason other than just to walk through Central Park. Every time I walk through the park, I get stopped at least half a dozen times by couples with all kinds of endearing accents, asking me to take photos of them. I never refuse or ignore them, for that's my way of expressing my gratitude for being fortunate enough to call this wondrous city home (for now, anyway). Once you're inside the park, the bustling city of New York seems thousands of miles away (OK, not when there's an ambulance rushing by to save a life, but that's more than okay). Even though the park is full of people at all times of day, you can always find a little recess all to yourself to enjoy some blissful solitude in the shade of a tree or perched on a rock. The zoo in the park (no, I'm not referring to the flocks of tourists) is an entertaining and educational facility for those who have children or are otherwise zoologically inclined. The park is full of historic monuments, not the least of which is Cleopatra's Needle, the ancient obelisk that is more than a thousand years older than Cleopatra herself! For those who want to marvel at the autumnal foliage in Central Park, I would suggest planning your leaf-peeping visit in late October or early November. Perhaps due to the heat from all the concrete, our city gets the fall colors considerably later than our close (but not nearly as awesome) neighbors, such as northern New Jersey and southwestern Connecticut.   If I were to enumerate the reasons to love this park, you would spend the rest of your life reading the list; so I'll spare you the reading and strenuously suggest that you spend the rest of your life enjoying the park instead!
I love you during summer. Not so much during winter, because it gets dark and people get mugged. The big loop is 10k in length, which is perfect for a run. If you are training for a half marathon, simply run 2 loops. For a full marathon, simply run 4 loops. They have fountains so you will not collapse from dehydration. The water is clean too, I have not gotten sick from drinking from the fountain. Make sure to skip over the horse poop when you run.
World famous park, as seen in countless movies and shows. Pretty big park, takes forever to walk the entire park. They have a manmade lake for renting boats, small amusement park, and some neat rocks that gives it a national park feel. Nice loops around the park for biking, horse rides. Only complaint was that it was pretty dirty. Definitely got put off by the bags of trash on the side of the road. Being to Stanley Park in Vancouver, Canada, I'd say it compares very favorably to this one, plus it was alot cleaner than this park. Still, nice park to enjoy and relax under the sun.
My favorite place in the city. Everyone needs an escape every now and again, and this is my favorite place to go when I need some time to clear my head. The park is huge and is filled with beautiful trees and plants. You actually feel like you have escaped the city even though you are still in the middle of it. An absolute must see if you are visiting.
As soon as you get to New York, make time for a visit to the Park.  The park sets your inner clock to New York Time and sets you up for your NYC adventure. No matter how out-of-town you feel, no matter how out-of-town you really are in New York, strolling in Central Park makes you feel you're at home in the big city. The best city park in the world, no doubtaboutit.
my heart resides here! one of the many wonders of new york city!
I first came here when I was 17 and thought it was Middle Earth. I somehow always find fish, turtles or birds here and manage not to scare them. There are a surprising amount of places to hide in this forest. I made the terrible mistake of walking through here at night a few months ago. I figured, "Hey what can go wrong, how bad can it be?" No lights to speak of and it felt like a goddamn SVU episode. Other than that, this is where I take all my out of town friends and when the sun is out and its breezy, its the closest I can get to the countryside on a weekday.
This is an amazing park!!  My husband walked me throughout a portion of the park a handful of times on our last trip to New York and every single time I saw another section that was completely different from the last.  It's amazing how large of a park this is and how there are a variety of things going on at every section of it from row boats to a zoo to the fountains and the restaurants to the performers and just beautifully green oasis.  Definitely a place I will return to whenever I'm back in the city.  Highly recommended for anyone and everyone!! Food:  N/A Service:  N/A Ambiance:  ***** Value:  *****
What's more perfect than one of the largest and most beautiful parks in the world centrally located in Manhattan! Anything is possible in this enchanting park...romantic paddle boating, horse drawn carriage, zoo, lawns equipped for concerts, outddoor sporting, skating, biking... I can go on and on. Yes, this fantastic park even offers various dining options! A must see for any out of town visitor. A beloved gem by all New Yorkers.
Beautiful park!  It has so many great things to do and see just in the park.  You have all these building surrounding.....but once you are in the park you have all the trees and the lawn and water which brings you back to nature!!  Lots of seating and things to do. I call it NYC sanity! ;)
Yes, of course Central Park is lovely in the summer what with all the happy people lounging everywhere, art students sketching each other in the meadows, yuppies rollerskating with their adorable children, and so on.  But Central Park in the winter is beyond mere "lovely," it is frickin' stunning.  When it is coated in snow, the walk just south of the Bethesda fountain with all of those beautiful bare American Elm trees almost makes me want to move uptown.
I don't know if Central Park inspires the same awe and wonder for a tourist as it does for someone who lives in NY, but for a Manhattanite who spends the majority of their time surrounded by glass, concrete and asphalt, it's a magical place.  It's where we gather to hear live music, see Shakespeare in the Park, relax, exercise, socialize, think, cry and wonder why.  We lay in the Sheep's Meadow to soak up the sun, take in the skyline, roll around with our dogs, picnic, and commemorate our lost friends, coworkers and loved ones each September.  We rollerblade, bike, run, walk, and sometimes play in the snow.  We come here to see the leaves change late in the autumn and gaze at the first blue sky of the early spring.  It's the one place where we can walk slow enough to hold hands with our partner, let children ride on our shoulders, and walk arm and arm with our parents.  There's the boat pond, the reservoir, the zoo, Wollman rink, and the fastest carousel you've ever seen.  We eat hot dogs, pretzels, Italian ice, and sometimes Mister Softie ice cream.  And while it may not be as green or as large as Hyde Park, Golden Gate Park, or Jardin des Tuileries, it's our local escape from the rushing world of concrete, steel and asphalt that surrounds it.
Central Park is my favorite place in the world. Seriously.
A must see. You can walk through central park from the American Museum of Natural History to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. It is a easy stroll. Takes about 7 to 10 minutes max! The only place in NYC that I like.
Green wonderland in the middle of a concrete/steel jungle. Dog owner/lover: This is off-leash paradise for our furry friends. From 9pm-9am are off-leash hours. Let your pal run to their heart's content. I usually stroll with mine through The Mall around 7am and it's a beautiful sight (so quiet then, it's almost like you own the place). Past off leash hours, feel free to walk/run your buddy leashed throughout the park (unless otherwise specified). Don't forget to pick up after them! Spring/summer/fall: Picnic time!! Great lawn, strawberry fields, etc etc. Walk, jog, watch baseball games, there's so many things to do! Rent out a row boat, bird watch, Victorian gardens, just to name a few. Winter: Next to Rockefeller, nothing's like ice skating in NYC much like Central Park's Wollman Rink. And when it snows, CP offers the most scenic snowy pictures in manhattan.
Beautiful park, very serene. Some wildlife hanging out. We saw turtles, ducks, cranes, fish. We didn't walk the entire park but enjoyed the parts we did.
Central park zoo, and just the outdoor space is a great place for kids, try and find the Alice and Wonderland statue
i dont go enough because you're like the enchanted forest, i always get lost.
It's beautiful!  I can totally see why people keep killing people here (...relax, people - it's a Law & Order joke). For a small-town girl, the city can be pretty freakin' overwhelming.  The Park is such a nice getaway!  Exploring the hills, ponds, bridges, and walkways was an absolute delight!  Seeing all of the Insanity-fit New Yorkians lounging half-(or more like 80%) nude in the park on a sunny day: not so super.  But seeing children chase bubbles, and learn to hit a baseball, or taking the training wheels off of their teeny tiny bicycles (not to mention couples, young and old walking hand-in-hand - we saw two proposals and a wedding on our outing)....well, folks, that just warms my urban-skeptic heart up to the brim. Hands-down a guaranteed delight!
There is nothing like it in the world.  Everything you could ask for and more. Whenever I am in the park I often forget that it's in the middle of one of the busiest cities. Romance Factor:  10 Hobnob Potential:  10 Destination Rating:  10 It's huge! Look for a list of free performances during the summer.  Opera in the Park is AMAZING!! Strong Suggestion: If you want to catch the Met in  the Park get ready for the Opera Performance. Bring a blanket get there EARLY (9am) and reserve your spot. Pack some bottles of Red Wine, and bring some cheese, fruit, bread, and crackers... you'll be in for a real treat.
It is a paradise in NYC!! Peaceful relaxing! Great for spending time with friends, to read the book or have a date. P.S. here is the best skating rink !!!
awesome place. i love coming here. Whether for the park, the plays, the music and dance, or just visiting the sites within. so much too see and so much walking. Bring lots of water and some comfortable shoes/sneakers.
I saw Wilco and Sonic Youth several years ago in Central Park as part of the summer concert series.  Listening to Jeff and the boys perform tracks from Yankee Hotel Foxtrot while watching the sunset in Central Park ...now that's beauty.
can't imagine there is such a nice huge park in NYC
(For "The Local Tourist: Central Park" and other NYC reviews & tips visit tangentpursuit.com) All too often I hear people say that they "could never live in New York because there are no trees" and this sentiment just kills me. True, New York is a metropolis and not a rural paradise of rolling hills. So, not every neighborhood has a park and tree-lined streets. However, living on the Upper West Side, I honestly enjoy more greenery and have more interaction with the outdoors here than I ever have elsewhere. In the mornings, I walk alongside the park to work. On weekends, I have jogged through its trails, ambled around its lakes, picnicked near the baseball fields, watched concerts at Summer Stage and attended Global Citizens Festival on the Great Lawn. From the romantic boathouse to the family-friendly zoo, Central Park simply can't be beat.  Take a day to visit AMNH or The Met and slip a little picnic into the mix and you're golden.
Spent about 7 hours here this past Saturday...... Where else can you sit by a fountain for 1 hour.... and see the most interesting street performers.... people making huge bubbles for onlookers..children playing....every kind of dog walk by......children running around.....endless couples walking hand in hand.....a man doing his yoga ball workout in front of all to see....... a woman get proposed to......and within 5 minutes turn around....and see the most gorgeous bride and her bridal party taking their portraits.... which then includes the bubble man making a HUGE/WAVE bubble for their pics.....very cool..... Have been going to Central Park for years.....worked 1 block away from it for 3 years....and it's always a perfect place to take a stroll...have a picnic...visit the zoo....have an ice cream cone....or to simply admire its architecture..... Everyone has a story about Central Park Everyone has a favourite place here And everyone has their own secret spot... Why not make your own.....?.....
Totally bromantic!  A great place to just wander aimlessly, stroll along the manicured walkways, or take a quick carriage ride.  Besides the taxi noises, you are immediately transferred into a natural refuge in the middle of the city. The natural rock formations are fun for climbing and photo ops.  There is also an an attached zoo.  Just realize that without the radiant heat, it can get a little chilly around dusk.
Who doesn't love Central Park!? My first time here was years ago while traveling and I thought it was gorgeous. Now that I live closer to the area, the draw to the park hasn't faded any. It's still very relaxing to take a quick walk through or spend most of your day here, whether alone or with friends. The most impressive part is that even though it's in the middle of New York City craziness, the park hasn't been trashed. People seem to mostly clean up after themselves or other people are kind enough to pick up after them so it's not a mess when you walk through.
Even after 3 years, I discovered new things here. I love the turtle pond and the Shakespeare garden. There are always cool events going on here, some official and others spontaneous. Everyone needs a piece a grass to camp out on and read the paper. This place can't be beat.
fabulous! one thing about this park is that you don't need to cover the whole place all in one day---don't even try! it's meant to be savored in bits & pieces, just like eating a tasty, tempting roundish fruit. come here any season, even in the midst of winter, & you'll begin to understand why this park is the "iconic" place to be when you're in nyc (unless you're into shopping, or other activities).
The best morning job I ever went on was through central Park.  I started at 59th and went up the the Reservoir.  I loved watching all the other people exercising and the excitement of being in Central Park.
My favorite part of NY was this park. Coming from the green, clean air of Oregon it was nice to escape the humid dirty streets to get somewhat of a reprieve. I was only able to see half of the park, but enjoyed all the bridges, water features, and laying out on top of some of the large rocks. Find a spot the drowns out all the noise and relax. A true escape.
Central Park is a work of art.  Don't know why everyone walks on concrete though.  Its a park.  Start making trails on softer ground.  Rest your feet. With the amount of nooks and crannies and the changing seasons, this place offers endless exploration. Enjoy
My husband and I spent a full day here on 6/22/13. I can't say it any better than anyone else already has. This is an amazing place, and our favorite of the trip to NYC.
Someday when I leave New York, I will get to go to a real beach on a hot Saturday morning, and not Sheep Meadow. I can't wait... did you know there is sand at the beach? At the beach I go to, I get to walk up 6th avenue gliding past tourists and sometimes walking through street fairs. The city is dirty and hard and then all of a sudden, I see horse carriages and trees... paths, birds, nature. What is this? I wonder. Walking through the forest in the middle of such a crowded, sweaty city I forget where I am momentarily, and any stress I may have had mysteriously disappears as I breathe in the sweet freshly-cut grass all around me. Grass! I find a large meadow hidden inside this forest, and see that other New Yorkers have escaped to this area too. Sexy British guys are playing football without their shirts, children are laughing, and dogs are catching frisbees in midair. I ask myself if this is heaven in NYC.
really? you guys rate central park? ok i need to go rate the statue of liberty and time square.
This park is so big and is definitely "Central" in NYC. My biggest memory was seeing The Gates in the park. It sounds like a creepy park though in a creepy city, so watch out!
I've heard the value of the land that the park and it was something astronomical. Once you visit Central Park, you'll understand why it is worth every penny. Nothing better than being in this slice of Gotham on a Spring or Fall day. Lounge on the lawn and have a picnic, run or bike the trail in the park, stroll the Poet's Walk, visit Strawberry Field, or stop by the Boathouse and rent a boat. It all works. The only way you can go wrong basically is hiring a pedicab.
A blast in the spring, summer and fall. I usually come over after work with my inlines and skate the entire loop a couple of times when it's nice out. The hills in Harlem are the best: A whole summer of climbing them on skates will give you killer legs and endurance to match. Another less-than-obvious treat: Cyclists on the loop here are very much aware of their surroundings and are pretty considerate when it comes to runners and skaters. Go anywhere else in the city, and it's pandemonium.
It's amazing how such a busy city has such a sanctuary. Beautiful park;) we are feel like we are out if town in town!
love this spot, love this park, love this city...thats it screw California i'm moving home. from concerts to run/walks to rollerskating/blading to skateboarding to wondering if anyone will make a wrong move fall down the stairs.  this is a great haven in the crazy city. lounging on a blanket, drinking wine, frisbee (the last two are fun to try together) making friends, climbing rocks, seeing outdoor dance classes, boatng on the lake, fountains, museums, street performers, all the lovely green things. Best city park in the world
best park in nyc...theres always something going on. you can do anything from taking a nice walk to working out to jammin out to playing volleyball to having a picnic. this is not a place you visit just once.
Beautiful. Huge. So much things to see and do.  Awesome place to take pictures or just relax.
Of course I am going to give it 5 stars. I was married here last May in Wagner Cove. The weather was gorgeous and the backdrop was breath-taking. I have to admit, I was one hot bride in my Reem Acra gown. Why Central Park, considering that we are from the Bay Area? It's whimsical, lovely, and incorporates both the city and country life. It was the perfect ceremony with our immediate families and we wouldn't change a thing. Thank you, Central Park.
I LOVE Central Park for so many reasons.  I'll just name one here, and keep it brief.  I love to rent a couple bikes with a friend and ride through the park, most any day, any season.  Most any weather except rain, and extreme winds..  lol  I love Spring and Autumn most, but a warm summer ride or a brisk, clear winter day do just as fine for me. I love Central Park!
Best spots to visit: 1.  The Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir- enter on the east or west side of 86th streets- walk around at least halfway and check out the stunning view of the NY skyline in the background. 2.  The "Mall"-  very famous spot - flat with huge trees hovering over the walkway and benches everywhere.  Enter on the East or West side at 72nd and walk to the middle and head SOUTH down the MALL. 3. The Boathouse-  During the Spring/Summer- grab a table outside by the paddle boats and sip a (expensive) glass of wine in the middle of central park.  Enter around 76th Street on the eats side and walk to the center.  The Boathouse is a big restaurant by a big boat pond! 4.  The Great Lawn-  During the summer, this is Manhattans tanning spot.  Take a picnic and wear your bathing suit and go chill here.  Many people playing Frisbee and sitting with friends.
Anyone who doesn't think Central Park deserves 5 stars is just being difficult.  Granted, there may be more lucious parks in the world, but you just won't find a park where the energy of the city pours into the trees at an equal or even greater level.  How many different recreational activities can you fit into this massive rectangle?  We've got runners, skaters, volleyball players with rippled abs, frisbee throwers, football players, tennis, Cuban futbol players, swimmers.  Then winter rolls around and we've got skaters, and die-hard everything elsers.  Thank you Central Park for all your wonders.
I'm not sure how this has escaped me to write a review here.  I've been a couple of times now, and I love how picturesque it is.  I like the little bridges and I like how it's not completely flat and glimpses of water here and there.  Yeah, it's probably scary at night - but people have to take it in the perspective of how sometimes the larger something is the more possibilities there are for the place, which can be both positive and negative depending on how you choose to see it.  During the day there seems to be plenty of things to enjoy out here - whether it's ice skating, playing all kinds of sports, taking kids to play in the park, going on a picnic, taking a stroll, going for a run, napping, people watching, or eating at the cafe.  There's a gift shop here, and I've seen a photo shoot going on.  Of course there's lots of trees and hiding places from under bridges and other areas where you can be a target especially at night.  Regardless of where you are, it's important to be aware of your surroundings, but don't let it take away from appreciating the beauty of it as well.
A must go if you are visiting New York freakin' City. I first knew about Central Park when I saw the movie Home Alone 2. As a kid, I told myself one day...geez, I want to feed the city pigeons just like how Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) and that bird lady did it. Later in life, I realized it's pretty gross if you asked me now. However, awesome place to just chill out! Get away from that busy city life. Heck, I love this place so much I even had my engagement photos taken here. Go ride on a boat with your significant other. I'm lazy so I don't run, bike, or walk too far so I probably only explored 1/5th of this park. Shame on me.
Central Park is the most visited park in the whole of United States and is made famous by its appearance in many many movies and TV shows.  Located in Manhattan, It is bordered on the south by  59 St West, on the North by 110th St., on the West by 8th Ave.,  also known as Central Park South, Central Park North and Central Park West .   The park is beautifully landscaped, It has several naturally looking lakes and ponds..(a lot of tourist takes their pictures and video cameras here)  has several walking tracks, ice skating rinks, wildlife sanctuary, outdoor amphitheater,  Gardens, Zoo, ......for bird  watchers there are more than 250 kinds of birds....it has 6miles(10 Km) long trail within the park used by joggers and bicyclist..There is a row of ancient trees lined on both sides on one corner of the park, just love to lie down on the grass and read...) ..... Tavern on the Green...a very popular and pricey restaurant often a celebrity's favorite dining place is located on the park's grounds. At one time it has become the site of numerous muggings and rapes and became notorious because of the well publicized 1989 "Central Park Jogger"case. Now the park has its own New York City Police Precinct which employs regular and auxillary police officers constantly manning the park. We also have the Guardian Angels  often seen going  around in their red berets.... Crime rate has since declined tremendously and made Central Park one of the safest Parks in the World.
It's green, scenic, serene, beautiful, sprawling, winding. The perfect place for a sunny Sunday afternoon, and one of the best locations in the city: Central Park. - Snap some photos - Take a book to read - Take your mp3 player - Explore the paths and trails - Visit the Alice statue, sit on a mushroom - Walk through Strawberry Fields to the 'Imagine' mosaic - Go canoeing - Go to the zoo - Sit by the fountain and people watch - Sit by the fountain and dog watch - Go for a stroll/run/rollerblade/bicycle ride - Relax
There's nothing more thrilling than riding your bike through Central Park on a hot summer night! No cars, totally lighted empty roads-- like being outside of the city, except in the middle of the city. Add an Ipod, and it's a religious experience. Viva Central Park!
Best park ever. After all which other park can say that they have a zoo, a giant lake that you can take paddle boats onto, a theater and a memorial to John Lennon? Not to mention the many museums that surround the park, horse drawn carriages and many locations as seen on various movies and tv shows.
sniff, sigh. i'm living (temporarily) right now outside of d.c. and am just missing Central Park so badly. i love picnicking with friends on the Great Lawn (and scoping cute shirtless guys tossing frisbees!), strolling around the resevoir, or having a quiet moment at the Conservatory Garden. no offense to d.c., but there is just nothing here that equates to Centrral Park. and summer in the Park is even more exciting with all the events. this is my first summer in seven years that i'll be missing the Metropolitan Opera performances or catch a great live concert at Summerstage. man, i love this place and can't wait to get back to it.
This is the best part about NYC. That's all. If you go to NYC and don't come here, I'm sorry.
This review isn't really fair because I haven't spent more than forty-eight minutes here.  But Golden Gate Park is better than Central Park.  For one thing, it's bigger.  Central Park covers 843 acres.  Golden Gate Park covers 1,017 acres.  Central Park's hills are man-made; Golden Gate Park's are real.  The opposite sides of Central Park are called the West Side and the East Side (how boring!).  The opposite sides of Golden Gate Park are called the Richmond District and the Sunset District. Whatever, I'm being an idiot. It's really crowded all the time.  It must be fun to get lost in here.  I like how strange it feels.  Although I live exactly one mile from Golden Gate Park, I don't think I've ever used one of its restrooms.  I live more than 2,912 miles from Central Park, and I've used one of its old-school restrooms. I like all the people, although I feel sorry for the horses.  The more I thought about them, the sorrier I felt for them.  It feels way safer than I thought it would.  Overall, New York feels way less dangerous than it used to.
Best park in the world for exercise, festivals, music, carriage rides, biking, art, relaxing, daydreaming.  It has everything -- an 840 acre oasis in the concrete jungle!
centralparknyc.org/site/… Huge, beautiful, fun with an endless amount of activities. Lots of relaxing lakes and wildlife. Central Park is an urban park that occupies about 1.2 square miles (341 hectares, or 843 acres) in the heart of Manhattan in New York City. It is host to approximately twenty-five million visitors each year. Central Park was opened in 1859, completed in 1873 and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1963. Eighty-five percent of the park's operating budget comes from private sources via the Central Park Conservancy, which manages the park pursuant to a contract with New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
The Park is definitely central to my NYC experience.  Everyday, as I walk along the paths, meandering through the silence in a city of so much noise.  You are my haven and my home away from home.  Thank you for all you do to bring rest to the city that never sleeps!
i'd love to give central park five stars, but 1) its so hard to go to the restrooms and 2) it was depressing to share a bench with a bat shit crazy lady who put her small dog in a bag and then fully zipped up said bag.
Seriously amazing. From it's massive size, all its different sections, great views, and relaxation - this is the best park ever!
The truth is I couldn't live in New York City if Central Park weren't here. Central Park is a peaceful oasis in a desert of craziness. When the pressure of city life begins to get me, I visit Central Park and have my soul restored. When I go to the park, I normally stay on the west side from 59th Street up to the Reservoir at 86th Street. I have spent time on the east and north sides of the park, but prefer the west side. I have gotten to know the park well from walking my friend's dog there. Our favorite spots in the park are the Bethesda Fountain and pond, the Shakespeare Garden (a flower garden), the Great Lawn (a large open area with several baseball/softball fields), the Ramble (a "wild" area with lots of trees and vegetation), and the pine grove just south of the Reservoir (mainly because it smells so good). When I don't have the dog with me, I enjoy walking around the Reservoir, especially in April when the cherry blossoms bloom. (Dogs aren't allowed along the Reservoir.) I never miss the cherry blossoms on the bridal path because it's one of the most beautiful scenes in all of New York. Without fail, every time I visit the park, I have been asked for directions to Strawberry Fields, where the John Lennon memorial is located. It's a spot that I rarely visit because it's overcrowded with tourists and vendors selling crappy John Lennon-related merchandise--but I certainly understand why people want to visit it. I always tell people who inquire how to find it to look for and follow the two towers of the Majestic Building, which is slightly south of the Dakota, the building in which Lennon lived and was killed outside at 72nd Street and Central Park West. Strawberry Fields is located very close to the Dakota, but the building is not easily visible from within the park, which is why I always tell people to look for the towers of the Majestic Building. Although I feel safe in Central Park most of the time, I do advise visitors to be careful at all times and not visit the park at night--this is true of ANY park in New York City. Night time is when the scary things come out. If you're in the park and get turned around, look to the buildings beyond the trees to determine where you are. There aren't too many spots in the park where you can't see buildings at Central Park West or Fifth Avenue on the east side. If at all possible, please carry out any garbage that you create instead of using the park's receptacles. Over the last few years, the park has had to cut back on staff. Much of the garbage is collected by volunteers. The park is SMOKE-FREE. Don't even think about lighting a cigarette.
Oh yes, this park is amazing. I've gone in there countless times and every time I find something new. And manage to miss something huge. Definitely worth a trip and if you can, grab a map to pinpoint all the amazing things that are in there. And to note, my favourite thing to do is to hit up the AMNH then walk across the park to the MoMA. Just saying, it's a great way to spend the day.
As a park ranger, I actually worked a Bon Jovi concert here. And now Bon Jovi has tainted the greatness that is central park. Nevertheless, it's an escape from the hubub of the city, and a place to read a book, crank the ipod, play a sport of some type, or engage in some sweet, sweet loving. Er...well ok, just do it out of people's eyesight. And throw the condom away for God's sakes, we don't need them lying around, you can walk up and down NYC and see that anywhere. Do not taint central park more than Bon Jovi has, people. Bag it up. Throw it away. Keep NYC and your genitals clean.
I absolutely love this park. My favourite compared to the one here where I reside, Golden Gate Park. Many people have mentioned that Golden Gate Park is better, but I disagree. This Park is more alive and has of a more happiness vibe to it. I like that it has surrounded skyscrapers and building all over and therefore giving us a beautiful view of the park; so that's a plus because compared to the one here in SF, GGP is dead and lonely. I actually went on a tour that my hostel offered. It's even convenient that it has close metro stations really close not like in San Francisco that i have to take like 2 or 3 ways to ge to GGP. Me and my tour group started from the Dakota bulding on 72nd Street on the Upper West Side and from I can recall we went through literary walk, Sheep Meadow, the mall, Bethesda Fountain which was really beyond beautiful and there were shooting sesame street so that was really great to see that. We walked pass the Boat House and the Alice and Wonderland sculpture which is where we took a group photo and then to Belvedere Castle and then we made our way to Strawberry fields. Also my hostel was near but towards 103rd Street. So at times when I needed fresh air, some time alone or make a family phone call I would come to the park and even I bought a regular slice of pizza and sat on a bench in the park around the pool and the waterfall by 103rd Street. I love how people come here to read a book, walk their dogs, walk their children, children on strollers, lovers holding hands, have picnics, and many good things to relax and have a good time. Many fathers take their children to the park and that caught my eye. Hearing all the different languages people spoke and the wind blowing peacefully and the birds chirping and the sun especially the sunset light making its way through the trees, green grass everywhere...it was beyond. I got smitten from being in this park. I love it. This park drastically beats Golden Gate Park on my book. I might come to New York City during the winter and I've seen on photos that it looks very beautiful with all the snow with the white landscapes, so I'm looking forward to that. A beautiful shiny gem in the city.
I guess there's a listing for everything. Ok, here goes. I have seen the whole park on many, many visits. From Columbus Circle to the Zoo to Harlem. How do you review one park with so much to see? Just come here
Occupying a whopping 3% of Manhattan, Central Park has so much to offer. It's a fantastic "escape" for some well-deserved R&R from the City. It's also an amazing place for photographers.
I've walked through Central Park many times, but never really strolled through and thoroughly enjoyed it until recently.  A great place for a strenuous run (watch out for inclines/declines), picnic in the park, kayaking or a romantic walk with your sig other.   My favorite area of the park is the great lawn.  We walked down this way the other day, and loved the gravel path, old lights, tall and winding trees.  It was really romantic.  No need to speak, we just enjoyed our surroundings, took everything in and walked arm in arm. UPDATED: 7/2/07 I went for a fantastic 10-mile run in the Park over the weekend.  It was a cool summer morning with a great breeze.  I did a few smaller loops and one larger loop.  Scenic with a great crowd - not as friendly as the Chicago running community, but still a good group.  (Note: I saw a woman wipe out bad on her rollerblades and NOBODY stopped to help her except me and one other runner... what's up with that??)  Inclines are much tougher on the longer loop, but it was still a great time.
Growing up in Vermont, I didn't realize until a much later age the value of the city park.   Not everyone gets to enjoy walking barefoot to their own private pond to poke sticks at frogs and salamanders and nap in the grass because they find a warm, inviting, sunny spot. But now, as a San Francisco resident, I realize how important it is to have "the outdoors" available and I imagine it is especially so in a place like NYC.  This park is such a treasure and gift to the city.    This is how my NYC peeps must keep themselves sane.
December 5th 2010 I loved Central park , for the 20 minutes I experienced it. We walked about 15 blocks to get to it, then went in to look for the zoo, because I saw online that there was a statue of Balto in it. Unfortunately we forgot the tickets to the play (showing in 3 hours) and had to walk back to our hotel. My experience is this. If your on the south side, you better hold your nose, there are a lot of horses and horse drawn carriages. But once we got into the park, we had lost ourselves in the atmosphere. there are paths everywhere, and if your not too careful, you might get lost. My friend and I had found a map like thing, then I decided where we needed to go and wandered off, instead of telling her to come along. Not a good idea. we were only lost for less then 2 minutes time but when a park as big as this one is, it takes less then 20 seconds for someone to just be GONE. Not to mention the bad history I've heard about this park. But from what I've heard through the tour, the park has cleaned up its act. Crime and pollution cut way back. We made it out all right, upset we didn't get to experience more. Next time I'll take time to really explore central Park.
this place is amazing. to get some peace and quiet in a city full of chaos, just my thing. i've walked through here a couple times, and it's always the same route, near the bethesda (sp?!) fountain and down the mall, where there's the tree-lined walkway with benches and that awesome dude playing a sax! my most recent visit here, was after the met. my mom and i walked to the castle, then to the fountain. we noticed they were filming something there, but we saw a hotdog stand and were so thankful b.c we were starving. as i'm ordering 2 dogs, all i hear coming from behind the pathway we just so happen to be walking on, "watch out! move out of the way..." i turn me head around, and it's that skinny little person, lindsay lohan, i kid you not! she's freakin skinny as hell!!!!! after downing our hotdogs, my mom an i decide to see what's up, and she realizes that it's ugly betty filming and we saw vanessa williams and america ferrera too! vanessa is so gorgeous, i swear she's like a fine wine. and america, she's lost a lot of weight, almost looking like lindsay lohan. not really, but you get the point. this was a pretty cool highlight. but other than that, central park is a great place to take a break, walk, jog, read a book, etc.
a week vacation in new york and it rained 6 out of 7 days. the one day i wanted to go to central park was perfection!! people were out walking their dogs, watching magicians, rowing boats on the lake and enjoying the beautiful sun. love love love!!
A MUST VISIT. You don't have to be a tree hugger to appreciate this beautiful and grand park.  You feel like you've stepped into a movie scene - it looks just like you saw it in When Harry Met Sally and You've Got Mail.  This park has some good mojo vibes that puts you in a happy mood because there are so many people being active (yoga, tennis, biking, jogging, bench sitting, sky gazing, rock exploring, foam sword playing (kids), dog walking)  Oh joy!  (You don't feel crowded at all.) Of course, I couldn't resist and checked Realtor.com.  Condo prices were waaaaay out of my league...but fun to dream.  Need to win the lottery just so I can live across the street. :)
- the only reason I'm knocking a star is because it's so far uptown - rollerblade the small loop or the large one if you're feeling particularly ambitious - free wifi - great for spring/summer picnics *particularly at the duck pond - the great lawn is good for that too but I'm biased because they don't allow Rover there - nice paths for runs - horseback riding if you've got the horse - playgrounds, restaurants, the zoo, volleyball courts, basketball courts, baseball fields, soccer, concerts, plays, etc - who said New Yorkers don't have trees. . .see trees! we have trees. .
This park has it all. Skating spots? Yes. Cycling paradise? Yes. Wedding photos? Awesome locations.. Summer Picnic? YES!!!! Sailing My RC Sailboat?! AWESOME!!!! I love this park because it allows me to do things in this city that you would think you would have to be elsewhere to enjoy. Scenic walks through some wooded areas will calm your nerves from the big city life.. There are so many famous spots in this park and I hope this park is still here in 500 years ...it will be just as amazing..
What an amazing place to visit. Carriage rides around the park are amazing - especially in the evening should with the lights in the park. I went to a restaurant in the park when there years ago and although I can't remember the name of I remember being really happy after the meal - and enjoying walking in the park at night. Just a great place to relax withfriends when the sun is shining.
How can anyone give this infamous place less than 5 stars??? This place is so inspirational and majestic!!! I've never been to a place where you can close your eyes, turn around five times and be lost out of your mind!!! As I was walking through the park I noticed that there wasn't one person who wasn't rocking a smile!!! There is so much to do here that one day wont cut it!!! Where else can you find a park that  has a kick ball field with their own kick ball league??? The horse carriage is fun and all but you really need to explore the park by foot to get the true experience!!! I cant wait to come back in the winter to see this place under snow!!!
Without question the most awesome park I have ever visited.  The park was always a place where people from nations all over the world would gather.  The young the old , those who had found their gift , those who were looking for their place in the world.  Whether it be laying out at The Great Lawn,  watching the rollerbladers, or the volleyball players, Running the Resevior,,  one lap is Appox  1.5 miles.  Just stretching out before I started my run was invigorating.  In my mind NYC  is the greatest city in the world and  Central Park is the greatest park in the world.  Where else can people meet and chat, from hundreds of different nations on one given day,  and the amazing thing about it,  is they just get along.  Rarely do they gossip or criticize each other.  Each person takes the knowledge each has to give , gives back when asked and leaves the rest for the another day. Very few are looking for a handout, or a free beee.  They all believe in paying there own way. Of course that is what made my ancestors the unique indiviuals they were.  No handouts, work for every penny and be thankful for the opportunity.  I could always sense this each and everytime I went to the park. God Bless ,, NYC and CENTRAL PARK
Central Park is an amazing must see place in NYC. There's so much to see it would take a long time to see and appreciate it all. They have a zoo, swimming pool, running & bike paths, catch & release ponds, tennis courts, baseball fields and my favorite place of all....... The Conservatory Garden!
HEY LOOK AT US WE ARE NEW YORK WE CAN MAKE AN AMAZING PARK RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF AN URBAN AREA THAT WE SOMEHOW MANAGE TO KEEP EXTREMELY CLEAN AND BEAUTIFUL ALL OF THE TIME OUR GROUNDSKEEPERS MUST ACTUALLY BE ROBOTS OR SOMETHING YEEEAHH! Alright New York.  I'll give you this one.  Philly's Fairmount and Rittenhouse and Washington parks must look very cute compared to your overwhelming show of park-ification.  If you go to Central Park and do not enjoy it then you WEREN'T IN THE MOOD FOR A PARK at that time.
La creme de la creme! This is as good as parks get! Seriously. The massive size might seem overwhelming at first, but you'll soon start to appreciate every little nook and cranny in this park. For a nice picnic, you can go to Sheep Meadow. Great open space surrounded by tall buildings and trees in the background. In the summer, there are a lot of great free events. Outdoor movies, comedy shows, and the Good Morning America show all happen here. So check it out whether you're in NY for a day or for a year. This place never ceases to amaze me. This past weekend, I took a walk across town, and I enjoyed my stroll. People watching is really fun especially if there's a little eye candy. ;D
The Ball fields Cafe....JUST ADDED "Fish Tacos" on the weekends!!! SERIOUSLY AWESOME!!! Two Soft and warm tortillas filled with a perfect size piece of Mahi Mahi and a cilantro aoli with very thin cabbage and red onions sprinkled on top....BEST OF SUMMER!! Order with some of the Sangria and leave VERY satisfied on a warm summer day! -just inside the Park off 66th street-walk slightly south towards the Heckscher Ball fields -turn left on the north side of the Fields and tucked away behind a small English garden sits 16 or so quaint little tables with umbrella's. Even in the hottest weather there seems to be a breeze-order one of their draft beers and cool off...then enjoy their good old fashioned dog with grilled onions, or brat, or grilled chicken breast...their White Tuna on a bed of greens is my favorite summer lite lunch. Doggie owners can cool their dogs with a bowl of water and treats-compliments of the house! Take your afternoon dog walk-a book and $ for a real taste of summer!! The staff is friendly and work at a relaxed summer pace with warm friendly attitudes! Eat for under 5 dollars or up to 20-depending on your appetite so locals abound!
Whoever gives Central Park less than five stars needs to leave this city, and Yelp.
five stars. obviously.
Central Park is beautiful. My friends and I were in New York for a bachelorette party and we made sure that we paid a visit to this gorgeous park.  It was supposed to rain on the day of our visit so after taking some photos we sat in one of their tables with a cover.  Thank god we did because within 10 minutes of sitting down it poured down hard. Tons of people sat in our table with us to get away from the rain.  It didn't rain for too long and it was nice to share our table with other people.   My girlfriends bought lunch and we all ate our lunch at central park and just took in the beautiful moment before exploring the rest of the city.   I loved seeing families and kids running around the park.  It was such a beautiful scene to take in. This park is beautiful and definitely worth a visit when you're in Manhattan.
If there is one thing that I miss the most about being away from home it is Central Park. The endless memories of time well-spent with friends, girlfriends, the last days of my wonderful life in NYC. It is the one piece of real estate created with the sole purpose of keeping millions of people sane, if there is such a thing. It has trails, a zoo, an amphitheater, fountains, lakes and ponds, a couple waterfalls on the upper west side and of course, ice skating in the winters! Oh, and you can't forget the piles of horse poop that you have to dodge while bike riding, running or rollerblading. How 'bout the opera and symphony in the Park? Come on, this place rocks! This place just makes people feel good. In the summer time, this place buzzes with excitement and smiles, live music, picnic blankets and kids. After work with friends with bottles of wine, food and the casual football toss or kick of the soccer ball. Hot bodies everywhere, capoeira beats in the distance, the smell of herbal refreshments... Yeah yeah, you can get that in SF too but it's not the same for me yet. Central Park is a special place and I deeply miss you my dear. Please take care of all my dearest friends for me while I'm away!
On Biking in Central Park There's just one big hill at the top (which is where I start). It lasts a few minutes, and for the first part there is a dramatic rock outcropping to enjoy. Down the west side, there are just a few minor inclines. There is one by 100th, and one right at the 72nd (?) St transverse. That one is a bit deceptive as you don't really see it. Back up the east side, the only difficult bit is what I call "cougar hill," after the statue of a crouching cougar on a rock. I'm much better at it now but when I first started biking, or at the start of spring after not biking for awhile, it is a tough spot. Some of the speeder-bikers are obnoxious because they think everyone should get out of their way, and they cut way too close. I shout "too close!" after them if I have the presence of mind to do so. This situation seems to be improving, however. I've noticed that the speeding bikers have gotten a little more considerate. Watch out for the sandtrap by the pool at the top/ end of the east side. There is a big decline and gain in speed, and then under a big tree at a curve, there's a lot of sand and debris. Turning in the sand at a high speed makes the tires slip, so I both slow down and avoid that spot. Other than that, biking in CP is pretty fun. There are trees, greenery, and some great skylines and views, especially heading down. Best water fountain- west side, visible from path, around 80th? Speed limit = 15 mph when drive open to cars 25 mph otherwise
You can't visit the "Big Apple" without coming here. Was there in March and it was very nice. Took pedi taxi around park. Recommend. Asking price was $35 per person. We jewed them down to $35 for both of us and gave a $10 tip. Very informative biker made this trip even better. He shared all the history of the park, where most movies were filmed, and stopped at all landmarks so we could get out and walk on foot for about 10 minutes each.
Turtle pond!!!!
well kept.  somewhere something for everyone and anyone to do.
Aw c'mon now! This is THE iconic park and rightly so!  It will take you days to see all of it, trust me, but enjoy the exploration.  People sitting on the grass or those huge rocks, eating their lunches next to one of the ponds, watching wedding parties have their photos taken, all of the beautiful greenery, riding bikes you can rent through it (wish we had done that), Strawberry Fields, and so much more! If you have children they will go nuts at the carousel - it is beautiful!  And you will get plenty of steps in just walking hand and hand through the park.  We've been twice and have still only covered a tiny bit of it.  I intend on exploring more!
The best of both worlds: relaxing in nature while surrounded by some of the finest urban landscape and architecture. I love it here! Plain and simple. Memories of childhood excursions to Central Park with mom, dad and sis were especially recalled today. My sister and I would play in the pyramid playgrounds and sand boxes and attempted to climb the behemoth charcoal gray rocks. Today, the sun was shining in CP.  The kiddies were playing, families were picnicking, adults were exercising and playing sports, pets were rolling around on the grass, beauties were sunbathing while their fellas were flexing their muscles.  Just a great day of people watching. I plopped under one of the tallest trees I could find in an area filled with plush, green grass, positioned beside a glorious patch of multi-colored tulips as I drank, snacked, stretched, read and napped. A perfect day. No wireless devices. No technology. Just the natural beauty of magnificent mother nature.
It's absolutely peaceful and relaxing to wander this place, at random, and get lost. You must get lost. Then, you find new things you never knew were there! For example, there are statues of poets. I don't know why. Apparently, 30,000 people showed up when the first American poet statue was dedicated by Rutherford B. Hayes, in 1877. Fitz-Greene Halleck was the poet's name. Ever heard of him? Me neither! After that, they had to change the rules on public gatherings in the park since the huge crowd kinda destroyed the area.
Central Park has great bird watching, particularly in the Spring , you can get binoculars from  at no cost.  The Ramble is great area to explore for birds. There are also private bird watching tours at a minimal cost.
Where else can you walk your dog, get kissed by a street performer (hehe :-D), ride on the merry go round, eat hot dog, and smell horse crap in one place? Central park is humongous and awesome. Everything and anybody can be found here. There is no such thing as a "slow" day in this park. I wish it was a little bit more green but hey, it's in the middle of the concrete jungle. Oh and prepare to laugh at some of the people there how take pictures of squirrels like they are rare animals. Will be strolling through again one day!
An oasis in the midst of New York! The foliage is always gorgeous, regardless of the season (although fall is my favorite)~ Definitely not the best park in America, but a wonderful addition to New York.
The fact Central Park gets five stars is a big WELL DUH. My 18th birthday present, mostly because of a deal made with my mom as a kid, was a trip to New York City with my pops. Some of my favorite memories on that trip were in this park. The main part of the park is populated with tourists and artists alike, which makes it a good place to people watch. Peer in through the outside gates of the zoo (I would say it's probably not worth paying to go in) and explore the area that everyone talks about. My dad rode the carousel with me, and laughing like children as a celebration of me becoming an adult was a wonderful thing. But keep in mind the park itself is massive, full of other lakes and trees and tunnels and areas to explore. Our first stop when visiting the park was the complete opposite side of where the main attractions are. There were children using the water fountains to fill up water balloons, and families out for a stroll. It was cool to see parts of the park that are more than just for tourists. We stopped at a bridge in the center of the park, simply to admire the peace and calm even though you were in the middle of a bustling city. It's incredible to be chilling by the water and look out past the park to see that New York skyline. Overall an amazing spot, no matter where you go - take the time to explore it.
Amazing.   Simply Amazing.   The hustle of the gray streets is a drastic contrast to the relaxed green vibe that encourages shiny happy people to enjoy mother nature's New York play land.   Central Park was where I wanted to be.  As a tree hugging Californian, I was tantalized by the beauty, depth, and  richness.  I looped it once and saw most areas of the park.  I felt most at home here, and wish I had something similar in San Jose.  Truly a magical place that you must experience on your own.  I can't wait to see all seasons(except summer) through the eyes of Central Park.  I arrived in early May, and can't wait to see fall. On a funny note, I confess that while walking, I spent some time reminiscing of all the movies I had seen filmed here.  It was quite entertaining.  One could get lost in all the green and famous memories.  If I could, I would get lost every day in my Brooks sneakers and a blanket.  Now that's living.
CP's got a lil bit of this, a lil bit of that. CP is where there's a murder in a crime movie, or a romantic walk in a sappy love story. CP's got a romantic backdrop or animal cruelty  in the forms of horse carriages depending on if you're a romantic, or PETA activist. CP's got free stuff if you know where to look.  Head to Harlem Meers for free fishing, or stumble upon a random festival to get free food or pumpkins depending on the time of year. CP's got traffic jams in the forms of taxis or even bicyclists during the 5 boro bike tour. You can play in the leaves in the fall, or sled down a big hill after the snowfall. There's plenty more I've missed, but I'm sure those who've lived their whole lives in NYC still haven't seen all of this park.
My favorite place to relax whenever I visit the city. There are so many things going on here. I love to walk the entire park and reflect by the ponds. They have baby turtles swimming there and it's lovely! I have many fav spots in that park. It will take a week to explore the whole place! The view of the buildings are nice from the park. I love cart food and whenever I see hot roasted peanuts, I get SO excited because we don't really have it here in the OC. Poor cart owner was complaining about how some rude tourists stole water bottles from his cart and then he was so nice, he randomly gave me a discount. I love this place!! Next time I come here, I'll go rowing and ice-skating in the winter!
Central Park you stole my bike, but i got my business cards back. I still love you central park.
Central Park in the fall on a cool and sunny day--heaven.
What a beautiful park in the middle of bustling Manhattan.  If I ever move here, I too would probably need to unwind in this sanctuary.   We didn't explore even a quarter of it, but from the little I saw, I really enjoyed my time.  There are the nuisance peddlers at the park's south entry but once you're inside, no one bothers you.  We strolled in just enough to take some pics up on the rock formations.  I was expecting more homeless camping in there but didn't see any.  The park was pretty crowded on a Tuesday afternoon with solos, couples and families lounging on the grassy areas.  I even spotted a squirrel!  Yes I'm a deprived Hawaii guy lol. There are bikes for rent at the front but I didn't inquire on pricing.  That would be the best way to see the park quickly. We left and walked the width of the park along 59th and got a nice shot of "The Pond."  What a tranquil scene it is. I hope to return one day and explore more.
If your in NYC please make the effort to visit this landmark park. What can I say about this park? It's huge!!! If you do a comparison from Golden Gate park- it has nothing on it because there is so much to do here! Note: this was my first time stepping into this park. I was amazed on how many people come here just to tan on the lawn. lol I mean there's no beach here but there were many people in a separate fenced area in their bathing suits. ehehe Can't blame them because it was about 85 degrees and the humidity was high. The park itself is about 40 blocks long. When I say 40 blocks its doubled to SF city blocks. Let's see what to do there? you can stroll around the park with the kids and take them to the children's playground, take a boat and row yourself away, run, tan, relax, explore, watch magicians, watch striving musicians play music or even sit on the park bench to read. At Central Park they have 150 acres of lakes streams and 130 acres of woodlands; install hundreds of thousands of plantings annually, including bulbs, shrubs, flowers and trees; maintain 9,000 benches, 26 ballfields and 21 playgrounds; preserve 55 sculptures and monuments, as well as 36 bridges. This park is clean!!! and not to hate but there are no bums loitering the place. I had heard they had cleaned up the city and pushed the homeless out of neighborhood/streets. I noticed too there is barely any garbage on the streets. I think I basically covered the basics of this park, I can only imagine when it snows here. It's beautiful.
Central Park is AMAZING and BEAUTIFUL!  The park is everything that you see in the movies.  I wish I can come here everyday! The bicycle rides are so overpriced! They can only carry 2 people at a time and they charge $30 per person to take you through the park.  Definitely not worth it...  The horse-drawn carriages are pretty expensive too - $50 for the first 20 minutes, if I remember correctly.   My friend and I started singing the songs from Enchanted when we walked through The Mall. If I lived in Manhattan, I would come here every weekend!
A beautiful park with a museum, lakes, and a reservoir in the middle of a bustling city. AWESOME!
Central Park: The only thing about New York that I truly, truly, wholeheartedly adore with every fiber of my being. So many happy and smiling people. So many wonderful activities, people watching and entertainment. So many spots for peaceful reflection!  My heart soars every time I walk there. And I go there A LOT. *sigh*
in the heart of concrete jungle lays a peaceful, pretty and heart warming park. yes. its central park... have a picnic, take a stroll, play in the playground and ride the carousel!
Ahhh Central Park.  I miss you when I'm not in NYC.  I used to visit you a few times a week.  Lucky for me I lived close for a long time, then I used to bike around you early in the mornings.  All good.  Came back to a visit to the zoo recently.  Not a fan of zoos in general, but still love this park. This is a terrific park.  You will see all types of things here, especially if you come at different times of the day and on different days.  There are talented artists, both painting wise and physical wise, all around.  Musicians galore.   The pathways are long, large, wide and well groomed.  Walking here is a pleasure.  NYers are great and pick up after their dogs so no issues there.   You can run or bike the 6 mile loop.  Or walk with many others various paths or the loop.   You will see city skylines from the park that are gorgeous and quite different depending on where you are in the park.   You can take a boatride if you like.  Or have a lemonade in the café.   This park does set the standard for all other city parks.
I visited Central Park for the first time this past Sunday morning, and I am in love! I am already dreaming of going back to NYC, just so I can go to Central Park again. Just my friend's and my luck, we decided to visit the park when it was windy and the temperature was in the mid-20s. Though we were half frozen the entire time, I was somehow able to keep my hand steady enough to take some pretty amazing pictures. I will be staring at those stunning pictures for many years to come. Though we were in Central Park for nearly two hours, we were only able to see the south half of the park. My favorite parts of Central Park were Bethesda Terrace, The Lake, and Belvedere Castle. I can't wait to see the northern half in the future! *Don't tell my husband yet, but I'll be making him take me on a romantic carriage ride when we visit together. Teehee.
A slice of nature in the buzz of NYC.  I've not been that often, truth be told but you'll always see something interesting.  The very first time I went, we were trying to go to Town Hall for a concert.  We ended up finding Strawberry Fields. You could literally get lost here without much effort.  They also have events like the summer concerts (we went to Stephen Lynch a couple years back & got some prime views).  I also just learned that they have free walking tours here.  It also usually doesn't feel too crowded & overwhelming since there's so much space here. If you haven't been, you really should.  It is a NYC institution, after all.  You could also get some nice pictures & see people from various walks of life hanging out here.
So if you're in New York, this is pretty much a no-brainer. Head over to Central Park, even if it's only to wonder around near Central Park South and then head over to the many shopping possibilities of 5th Avenue. It's huge  there is an excellent running/cycling path which loops round the park and is about 6 miles should you be inclined to do things the hard way (there are quite a lot of hills) or you could perhaps target different areas of the park if you have a few days and use public transport to get you there to stop you getting too tired. My favourite thing is to run one of the excellently organised events by the New York Road Runners (nonmembers can take part) round parts of the park, depending on the distance. Kids can often run smaller events too. A close second it taking my kids to the Carousel and the near by playground.
I would like to meet a person that DOESNT like Central Park. I mean you can rent a horse, in what looks like a normal NYC building and walk it on CITY streets into the park to ride... i mean HELLLOOOO where else on earth can you do something so cool?
winterjam was cool but it was too cold to stay in central park for all them hours and the line for cheese and milk ,grapejuice was moving to slow
What do you feel like doing today? Playing volleyball? How about croquet? Going for a run? Or a stroll through formal gardens? Maybe see some animals at a zoo? How about just strolling on quiet paths? Or horseback riding? See some Shakespeare? Visit a castle? Play some baseball? Or some chess? Ride a carousel? How about sunbathing on the Great Lawn? Central Park has all of these things and more - there truly is something for everyone. There are quiet places to stroll, plenty of benches to sit and rest and the people watching is...amazing to say the least. People from every corner of NY and from all over the world converge on Central Park on a beautiful day. Despite the hordes, you can always find a peaceful corner, or a shady place to enjoy a picnic lunch. Two things: *I watched a lady hand feed a squirrel crackers. It was super cute. And a little scary, because you know..rabies. *The only thing Central Park does not have is an open air biergarten like those in Munich (or Milwaukee!). Come on, NY - try it, you'll like it. I promise.
I think the coolest thing about this park is its in the middle of the the largest urban jungle in the world. It is an absolutely beautiful park, literally throughout all seasons. When the leaves start to change colors, the park is amazing to stroll through. During the winter time, the whole park is covered in snow, and its a really gorgeous site. I love the ice rink! There's a cool zoo there too. I remember coming here last October and pretending we were lions and shit on the rocks
Tourist trap. But, a pretty nice place to grab a breather when you're feeling the claustrophobia of the city get to you.  Granted its still crowded all the time, but you don't have the looming buildings overhead and there is a pretty great view of East and West split by the lake.
How could you not give Central Park 5 stars? There is so much to do and so much to see. I love spending my lazy days just wondering around and soaking it all up. The place is clean and you can meet some really interesting people along the way. It's a great place to take pictures, go on a walk, enjoy the sun, and play in the park!
Amazing park! My wife got me to run around the resivoir with a hangover. That is amazing in itself. The park hypnotized me.
nice park, even in the winter
I worte a short poem, just for Central park. The sun is shining Stone also become tendr I unintentionally prasie, or miss the scenery A grass can prove my guardian for the whole afternoon I looked straight apiece of grass for a long time Its branches and green leaves is hope Its roots hold the soil Crickets chirping of last year The dew amorous feelings No smoke in Golden waterway A lonely bird stays alone I tore the skirt of sun But butterflies is missing
The perfect place to do long runs if you live in NYC. The outer loop is about 6 miles and you can do so many variations of a long run here. I love that there are multiple bodies of water to run past and it's accessible by really any train in Manhattan. I also love renting boats by the Boathouse - it's a great thing to do with out of town guests.
WTF?  How do you write a review for Central Park? Oh sh*t, I just did.
What can you say about central park that hasn't already been said a million times? .Been to New york five times from the uk over the past 15 years and always try to find a spare day for the park. It's typically New york,being beautiful,ugly and downright bewildering all at the same time. A great place for movie locations,people watching and trying a great american institution...the snow cone! What the hell are they all about? A lump of foul tasting ice that probably won't have melted now,even though i had it four years ago! Anyway back to the park..a great place to chill out all year round.
I mean, what do I need to say? It's Central Park. C'mon.
Ditto what everyone else has said....love Central Park for all it has to offer to everyone and anyone!
A stroll in Central Park always makes me be in a quiet world.It often happens in the 7:30am. Light run is also an selection, if I have more time. Ring to the entire par run laps or worthy of joy,although I always asthma hiss. With A book is talented selection too.I was able to find what I need in a reasonable range of inspiration. The park is full of spirituality and rationality. I am such a stranger writer, that to be writing is relatively small. My friends occasionally to accompany,but I prefer to immersed in this piece of green with myself.If you really want to quickly visit this park around, A horse drawn is all right. A horse drawn carriage currently asks for $50 for about 20 minutes. And a pedicab just for $3.00-3.99 an hour. All in all, Central Park is marvelous in this city.
Central Park is by far America's best planned park.   Not one bit of the park is by accident.  Every walkway, every pond, every light, every boulder and rock formations... all planned.  The bridal paths, the park benches bordering sidewalks, the pedestrian bridges.... all planned.  The park also includes a couple of winter ice skating rinks, an outdoor amphitheater (think of "Shakespeare in the Park"), the Central Park Zoo, Belvedere Castle, a gorgeous carousel and open green areas (referred to as the Meadows used for organized sports and other leisure activities).  There are playground areas for the children although I think more kids prefer to climb and play on the sculptures around the park (my personal favorite being the characters from Alice In Wonderland).   There is roughly 6 miles of roadways that restrict all vehicular traffic on weekends and evenings; and when those cars are gone the roadway is taken over by runners, joggers, walkers, inline skaters, bicycles and more... funny thing is it actually becomes just as hard to cross the street as when the cars are present. There a many pedestrian and vehicular bridges, all of which have exceptional architectural design.  I try to go for a simple walk and of course I find myself admiring the design and placement of everything.
You haven't been to New York City if you haven't visited Central Park!!! Don't you all agree? :D These are more of some tips for those of you who want to see Central Park but don't have much time. I've taken people here so many times that by now I know some prime spots to take pictures. Start at: 1. Columbus Circle entrance (Don't forget to take pictures of the area before you walk into the park because you'll end up at the east side of the park) 2. Find Heckscher Playground and climb up the giant rock to take pictures of the park with tall buildings as your background. It's fun to sit up there and watch kids playing at the playground. 3. Next, go to Wollman Rink (During winter, it's the famous ski rink. In the summer, they have ferris wheel and other rides for children). Before you head to the pond, spend sometime to enjoy the green space around this area. 4. The Pond is your next destination. There are several great places to take pictures around the pond (on the bridge, by the pond, on the bench). It has a great view and you get both nature and manmade features. 5. Exit at the east gate right across from the 5th Ave Apple Store and The Plaza Hotel. This Google Maps link points to all the above places. maps.google.com/maps?sad… This is a place to find some peace in the middle of the hustle bustle of Manhattan :D
I dont think anything on yelp has 700+ reviews and 5 stars, but this makes sense. Central Park is amazing, I'm not a New York native but I wish I lived here and central park is one of the main reasons. Amidst a 'concrete jungle' you have this huge plot of glass and trees where some awesome activities often take place. The place is gorgeous to walk, bike or shmooze, and also meet some new people! Nothing bad to say about this amazing place, nothing.
Only on Yelp could you actually find *reviews* of Central Park! The jury is in on this one.  One of the greatest places there is.  I've lived near it for about 12 years, and it never gets old.
Central Park is awesome! I love it in the summer time, tons of people tanning and riding their bikes, basically doing everything. It's so big, Central Park is the shiz! Only problem is, it is New York so try not to go late at night cause of the bums and the rats
I am in love with this park. I sometimes just want to move to NYC to hang out at this park every weekend. I love the size of it allows you to easily get lost in the park. The best time to go is in the mornings so you can see all the dogs out with their owners. It's a lot quieter and you really get to see the dog owners just hang out together. In the park is a great zoo (Central Park Zoo) and statues to check out. No matter when you go, you'll find somewhere to sit. My favorite thing to do once my legs get tired is just sit down, pretend to read a book and just people watch. It's amazing for that. Only reason the park isn't 5 stars for me is I'm not a fan of the horse buggies that are around. In the summer, their poop just smells so bad and permeates throughout the park. It's disgusting and it'd be nice if the horses had a nice field to run in rather than being in the polluted city.
I really love Central Park. Every time I come to New York, I try to make time for at least a quick walk, skate or bike ride.   I love to stroll through and check out the ponds, trees, flowers, bridges, and of course - people watch. The spring is especially beautiful with all the flowers blooming. The summer is incredible w people lounging everywhere, kids in the playground, boats on the lake.  I haven't been in the snow yet - but I'd love to see that, too. There's so much to see and do -- I've visited the Lennon memorial, Strawberry fields; the Boathouse, the Alice in Wonderland Statute, Belvedere Castle, and the caousel. . One time, I came upon a huge raccoon scavenging for leftovers near a playground.  On one of my last trips,  I rented a bike, and rode all the way around the park (which I've always wanted to do) and it was incredible. Last time, I also discovered the free narrations that are available.  Look for the little green signs w/ a cell phone on them; text the # provided, and you'll hear a narration from various celebrities talking about the history, or significance, or fun facts on certain locations in the park.  Really interesting.   I picked up a flyer from the Central Park Conservancy, and was fascinated to learn that Central Park has 250 acres of lawns, 24,000 trees, 150 acres of lakes and streams, 130 acres of woodlands; hundreds of thousands of  flowers, trees and shrubs planted each year, 9,000 benches, 36 bridges, 26 ballfields; 21 playgrounds; and 55 sculptures and monuments. And, I was surprised to learn that it costs over $45 million/year to care for Central Park (85% of which comes from donations), so now I send them a small donation when I can.  But HUGE thanks for everyone who helps support and maintain this magnificent park!
Humungous. I have strolled multiple times and have never seen anything twice. I love the view from this castle in the park. During the summer, it feels like everyone from Manhattan has extracted their butts from their couches and found themselves rollerblading, sunbathing, walking their dogs in the park. I have only visited the bottom half of the park, but that has been well enuogh for me. Try to stay away from the last street along the park's edge. All the pony carriages park there & it is really stinky.
There is just something about the Skyline of Manhattan peeking out over the trees and the spaciousness of Central Park that envelopes me.....I love to run and always am trying to change up the location. But, I always find myself right back here. I think mainly because it is a mecca of tranquility amongst the "concrete jungle" here we call home. I've traveled many places and have yet to find anything quite like Central Park, nonetheless....New York City.
In the city that never sleeps there's one place where you can find solitude and be at one with nature. That one place is NOT Central Park. Central Park is definitely a place one should visit if you're in the city though. Just ask the tourist group taking pictures or the Tour de France looking bikers, the weekend warriors playing baseball are there too and so are the street merchants peddling NYC art prints,  magnets and personal hand drawn caricatures. Can't forget the topless sunbathers, the sunday preppy picnic gang, expensive horse carriages, and there might even be a tree and lake in there.  So yeah Central Park is not a nature habitat but in a crowded city,  its a crowded park where New York's finest characters can be observed. I'd keep my eyes off of the topless older gentlemen laying shirtless on a bench doing what I would think was sunbathing in a dark part of the park. That's just my humble opinion.  Enjoy the best park in Manhattan and happy people watching!
really nice and relaxing place its a great place to go after work or school and there are usually people performing in front of Columbus circle a lot of very helpful people and if you want someone to take your around central park there are people that would ride you around a bike or you can rent a bike yourself
Always beautiful, lots to do any time of year.
Central Park is the place to go jogging in a feather boa. I used to apartment sit on 52nd. Early morning strolls up the West side of the park woke me up before crowds spilled from the tall buildings and into the valleys. On one stretch home, a flash of pastels and sequins burst from the hedges and landed in a high-heeled clatter on the cobblestones in front of me. There was no time to ask questions. Six of New York's Most Fabulous  already had a good lead on me. In one motion, their ringleader spun on a lucite heel and shouted, "Come on Honey!".  I felt a little under-dressed in my sneakers and rolled denims, but who am I to argue with a seven-foot drag Queen?   We ran clear to 42nd, where team taffeta vanished into Port Authority. Who needs the Olympics when you can run in fishnets?
Jogging through Central Park is the only way to go in Manhattan. Although many love the Reservoir Path, I would put my money on the Bridle Path, which is a bit softer on the joints/knees because the dirt is a little more roughed up from the horses. The park is absolutely beautiful, and there are just so many little nooks and crannies to be explored. Thank you NYC for Central Park!
Central Park is beautiful in all seasons! Great place to exercise, relax or do people watching. :)
Grand and everything I expected it to be.  It just felt nice strolling around in it.  Too bad I didn't see it in it's full glory of vegetation...everything was gone for the winter.  Did get to see some very plump squirrels and the outdoor ice rink.
surreal fairy tale-like peace inside given the location. oh and the horse carriage ride if you are on a date or with family~
Bring your camera, tennis shoes and expect a full days worth of free entertainment.  Central Park is amazing, with its lush greenery, lovely ponds, and numerous bridges, this is a photographers haven.   If you prefer to take a ride around the park, a horse drawn carriage currently goes for $50 for 20 minutes. Or hire a pedicab for $3.00 - $3.99 an hour. Brings water and sunscreen to beat the summer heat!
Best park ever. Only got to explore a tiny portion of it but I'm left aching to come back and explore some more!!!! Music everywhere.. Beautiful trees.. A zoo even! A lake, fountain, canoe, stage, dogs, people, bikers, runners, giant bubble makers, violinist.. All things outdoor is here!! A place I wish every city had!.... Soooo much to see so little time! I'm coming back for you Central Park!
We visited Central Park after having viewed it from the Top Of The Rock. And let me tell you, no trip to NY is complete without experiencing all the wonders this park has to offer.  The scenery was breathtakingly beautiful, and it's a special place where everyone can get away from the crazy rush of the city. There are street artists/entertainers throughout offering entertainment.  They even had cute little playgrounds for younger children to play on. We came across so many interesting things, but the park was way too big for us to go through everything. Get a map, and rent a bike! It'll allow you to see so much more. Tons of trees, many gorgeous lakes, a zoo, and even a unique castle out of nowhere - which makes a great backdrop for photos too ! The park was simply a lovely place to just sit around and hang out. Central Park is what I'd call the heart of NYC.
Amazing amazing amazing. must go. dedicate one day of exploring all of the park, its so huge and so many things to do in there... tennis, boating, running or biking or carriage ride, chilling on grass or bench.
I've visited here three times on recent trips, and always find something new to discover. It's THE place to people watch while chilling on a bench. I think I fell in love with NYC on my first trip here. Love it!
i will definitely visit new york and the central park!!! that's one of my favorite citys=)
One of New Yorks largest and best parks in the city. The park starts at 57th and ends at 110th streets and from 5th Ave to 8th Ave. The park is planned really good for pedestrians, bikes, and cars. The parks offers alot of fun activities for one and all. They have a lake that you can rent small paddle boats, the Central Park Zoo, restaurants like the Boat House, Tavern on the Green opened up again. They also have tram sports activities for everyone. The tribute to John Lennon of Strawberry Fields is very kewl. Alot of rock formations throughout the park to climb. There's also some street performers throughout the park doing different shows for the families to watch. Alot of people take advantage of the park to ride there bikes, rollerblading or you can just lay in the grass to relax or get a tan or just people watch. I Love this Park!
The artist scavenges his bag for supplies while he prowls the park for victims. Years down the road someone sees her portrait in a gallery and wonders why she was crying. He swings her around and says, I just want us to be happy. Some couple really got it on in this spot under the watchful eyes of the apartments above. Binoculars see an increase in sales this time of year. Dogs  chase their tails. Women bend paperbacks while their skin turns pink. A few burnouts kick a sack in a circle. Roller disco boogie. The towering clock above the companies headquarters strikes and reminds everyone of curfew. I got lots of love for this place
TIP: For a runner's only dirt trail, hit up the trail that hugs the Reservoir. For a little more room though, use the wide dirt trail that runs parallel to the aforementioned trail. I think it might be a service road, but I have yet to see any service trucks driving on it. Central Park sure makes me appreciate NYC that much more! Go for a jog on a weekday and you'll still see the park throbbing with active locals rollerblading, playing softball, soccer or field hockey as though it were a weekend. What a treat for all the urbanites!
You can't visit the "Big Apple" without coming here. It's amazing that there's a park this huge in the middle of Manhattan. You can spend hours here and still not be able to see everything.  It's a beautiful oasis where you can take a break from the busyness of the city. Oh, how I love you, Central Park!
Seriously BREATHTAKING! I must go back during the Summer. Everything about this park even during the winter was beautiful, from the statues, bridges, lakes, zoo, etc. WOW!!!
If you like running, this is the park for running. There s tons of events going on in the summers. Like free yoga, concerts etc. If you re stressed out from the shopping, come to central park for a stroll to wind down.
Pure bliss. Central Park is a little piece of heaven on earth, where every human being can enjoy nature, relax, work out, row a boat, ride a bike, or go for a nice stroll. No matter what brings you here: Every single time you come here, you'll notice something new. I love the Jackie Onasis Reservoir. So gorgeous, that view on the water, and the New York skyline in the background. My dog Max loves it too here, especially before 9 AM, or after 9 PM, when he can walk off the leash and fetch balls. The Great Lawn is great for relaxing and meeting with friends, chilling with a bottle of..... I guess I should say 'Lemonade', since drinking is not allowed in Central Park. The park is well kept, and safe as long as you don't stroll alone there after midnight or so. It gets a bit eerie then. CP closes at 1 AM. I love Central Park. I don't know if I could live without it!!! : )
The brilliance of carving out a huge tract of land in central Manhattan and restricting it from development cannot be overstated.  It is truly a wonder. Read about the history, study the maps, then go exploring and enjoy.
It's a bit confusing to get around, but Central Park is free (yay!) and has everything you could want - except, perhaps, for good food.  I particularly enjoyed another Yelper's suggestion to sunbathe in Sheep's Meadow.  It's just a big open green space with some trees along the edges. Summer Stage can actually be annoying if you don't like the music because it's very loud and echos a good radius around the stage, so watch out for that during the summer. There's a good amount of food and dink carts, but obviously their goods are not very high quality. There's a carnival that looks fun, but I haven't been to it. Watch out for scam artists - don't play money/betting games.
Central Park, one of the most beautiful places in New York City! Perfect to relax an let the time pass by..
So beautiful! I think it is the most interesting park in the world!
manhattans oasis
It's a perfect place for walk, jog, run, just sit and relax. My weekend starts walking in the park. Love this place.
Why, you are probably already wondering, would somebody write yet another review of Central Park?  Because I want to focus on an aspect of the park that is often overlooked - the birds that live and forage there and that pass through during spring and fall migration. Ask most people about birds in the park and you'll receive a quick answer, "Pigeons, and those little guys... house sparrows?" Okay, those are indeed present, but how about this:  on a good day during May you can find over 150 different species passing through the park.  Dozens of Warbler species.  Orioles and Tanagers.  Vireos.  Raptors (that's birder speak for predatory birds, like Hawks, Falcons and Eagles).  Yes, Eagles are observed on a regular basis flying over the park.  And Pale Male, the famous Red-tail, is far from the only hawk to have a presence here.  In addition to other Red-tails, Sharp-shinned and Coopers Hawks are regular visitors.  There are Herons and Egrets.  Ducks, Cormorants and Loons.  Tiny Kinglets and giant Vultures.  Wild Turkeys even visit the park on occasion. If you think about it from the bird's perspective, it makes sense why so many species congregate here.  The New York metropolitan area is essentially a massive parking lot, a concrete field that spreads for miles in every direction.  Right in the middle of it sits Central Park, an 800 acre field of green with tens of thousands of trees, open water, trickling streams, wildflower fields, grassy meadows, and thick underbrush.  In short, the park has habitat suitable for almost any type of bird and there are not many other places nearby for them to go. For a bird making its spring or fall migration, the park is a godsend, a spot to rest and eat before continuing its long journey.  For a bird that lives here, it's an undeveloped area to forage and, in some cases, to breed.  So many species can be seen here that Central Park is rightfully considered one of the top birding sites in the entire country. Most people seeking birds head right to the Ramble, an non-lanscaped wooded area in the center of the park.  Birds, however, can and do go anywhere in the park.  The North Woods, the Reservoir, Turtle Pond, and Strawberry Fields are all great places to bird, but really any tree or group of bushes in the park could reveal an indigo bunting or black-throated blue warbler.  So keep your eyes open.  And don't forget to look skyward.  There are many species passing overhead. One advantage of the more popular spots like the Ramble or Tanners Spring is that there are always experienced birders around.  If you are a beginner or are just unsure of what you are seeing, look around for someone with binoculars.  Most of the parks' experienced birders are happy to help with an identification if you ask.  And New York City Audubon regularly leads tours through the park for beginning birders or for people unsure about the park's geography. Central Park is such a great birding spot that if I could, I would award it more than five stars.
How could you give Central Park anything under 5 stars?! This is a landmark to visit in NY and was a highlight of my trip. The park has been used in multiple TV shows, movies, photography, etc...for a reason! I've never been to a more gorgeous and clean park filled with history, beautiful flowers and great views of Manhattan. Give yourself an hour or two to just roam around. We also rented a tandem bike one day and biked the whole park (takes less than an hour). Check out the zoo while you're here also and find the Wafels kart! I would get food and bring to Central Park to eat. Great spot to take photos....make sure to walk down Poet's Walk and see the fountains!
This place is beautiful. But I wish I had more of an opportunity to explore this park more. There's so much this park has to offer and I only saw a tiny portion of it. My bf didn't know where anything was so we just walked the southern tip of the park and then we had to leave. :( But I definitely want to come back and see all the main attractions of the park that's in movies!
Central park is one of a kind.  I just wish they would start using the band shell in the mall for shows again.  It was great when I was a teenager and got to see Della Reese put on a great performance there (for free).  Love the carousel.
It is Central Park, need we say more? It is absolutely wonderful. Even when it was snowing, everything was all white and scenic. In the spring, the flowers are blooming and you see pink and white trees everywhere. It's a nice escape for the busy city on any day. There is a castle in the middle, which you can go up and view the beautiful scenery. The fountain is also pretty to take pictures with. Sometimes, there are performances which are quite cool. I always have a wonderful and relaxing time when I'm there. One of the highlights of Manhattan!
Rent bikes, walk, jog, attend a concert, take a carriage ride, sit and people watch, take a rickshaw ride (beware that cost posted is PER MINUTE), roller blade, just get there and enjoy.  On weekends the cross streets are closed to traffic and make it that much better. There is really not much more that can be said that has not already been said.
I've been to Central Park two times.  Once on a quiet weekday morning and again on a busy Saturday afternoon. First, this park is huge.  In certain parts of the park, surrounded by rock outcrops, waterfalls, and tall trees, it's hard to believe that you're in Manhattan. During the morning, the park was mostly filled with walkers, joggers, and bike riders. In the afternoon, the park was bustling with activity. All kinds of sports were being played. There were rollerbladers everywhere and people rowing their boats on The Lake. Huge tourist groups exploring the park, and of course, many picnics.  To get away from some of the hustle and bustle, there are designated "quiet zones" around the park. Central Park, an amazing park!
I have never been to such a large & beautiful park before. I am sad I couldn't have spent more time there. If I could do it all over again, I would definitely go a lot earlier when the sun was out and rent a bike to go around the entire park. This park is absolutely breathtaking, I am so glad I got to visit Central Park before having to leave NYC.. It really is as pretty as the movies make it. The trees were in the middle of changing colors for fall.. It was just an amazing experience. I also saw people riding carriages with huge horses so you could ride around the park. How romantic is that?! I loved it! I wish we have a park like that here in OC.
Classic
ive been here several times, but its worth a mention.. on a pretty day, theres nothing nicer than a stroll through central park its a great place for people watching, and just a gorgeous green oasis in the truly concrete jungle that is nyc. the weather was perfection...we walked over bridges, layed on the grass, dodged bikers and enjoyed the view of the sprawling city around us. in my opinion, its one of the few places in nyc that can be crowded, but doesnt feel overwhelming i cant even begin to describe how jealous i am of anyone with a park view apartment in nyc!
so many things you can do here. very very nice park. i wish i live right next to it.
It's nearly sacrilegious to say anything but amazing things about the park - and I won't.  Frederick Law Olmstead was ages ahead of his time when he co-designed this artistic natural feat.   I've been to the park since I was a kid and, somehow, I always remember it looking the same.  So much around the city changes, but the landscape of Central Park is a steady beacon to the evolving waves of progress or regression that surrounds it.  Of course, the park has a sometimes scary history - rapes and murders in the grittier NYC era that I remember (ie the 80s and very early 90s), but the hills and paths (clean or dirty), are essentially unchanged.   The park has many nooks and crannies and its level of enjoyment depends on where you are - uptown is quieter, midtown is pretty crowded, and the rest of it. . . just enjoy.
Hey!  Did you know Manhattan had a big park in the middle of it?!?  Admittedly, Central Park for me was one of those places I had only really seen in movies so I was happy to take a wander through here.   There really is something for everybody here and I loved the cement water playground.  I could have happily spent hours playing there myself and can only imagine how cool my daughter would find it. In the 45 minutes we spent walking around here, I saw a softball game, a tango, some breakdancers and a fancy inline skater.  It was a ridiculously hot weekend, so I got in the spirit of things and grabbed a popsicle from one of the many stands.  Had it not been in the range of stupid hot this particular weekend, I could have happily stayed a few hours there.
When I first moved to New York I lived in Queens. I didn't know how to get anywhere in Manhattan but Central Park. I had to wait for two weeks for my job to start so I would go to Central Park and just lay there. I saw a lot of crazy things during this time. Once I was settled in Harlem I visited The Gates exhibition and it was cool. I rode my bike through here many a time. When I was part of the AIDS walk it was mostly through this park. I got to see Ozomatli and Lila Downs here for free and you can't beat that. I got to lay out with my friends. I got to play some soccer and best of all I got to see Liev Shriber (sp) be Macbeth- and in order to do that I had to get to the Park at 4am to stand in line for ma free tickets.. it was worth it though. I also go to see lots of tourist go nuts over  IMAGINE, it was great.
Your Delts Are So Large That They're Blocking My Sunlight. Guys - big moment.  This is my first review since moving to NYC.  I know, I know, I've been lackadaisacal about mocking everything in sight for the last few weeks, but I kind of changed jobs and moved which is f-ing time consuming so DEAL. So first of all, I just signed on this morning before work to write this review of my Memorial Day weekend in Central Park and apparently I am not the only brilliant person who has felt the burning desire to review the park.  In fact, the park is f*cking killing on Yelp.  You know why? IT'S A PARK.  I'm guessing the only people who have bad shit to say about it are the people who went into it at night and got attacked.  And seriously, don't ruin the park's good name because you're an idiot.  Here are some comments from previous reviews about Central Park: "The fountains, the people, the size, the scope, the history, the zoo, the great lawn, the ponds, the performers, the museums lining the east, the restaurants lining the lower west."  Uh, is this just a list of shit about the park?  That's how I'm going to start doing my own reviews.  Hey I think I'll review the bar next door.  Here goes:  the drinks, the food, the street outside, the stools, the patrons, the bathrooms.  Wow, that's totally worth you reading.  Not. "I can get a whole workout just from a park bench."  Sitting on your ass is not a workout. "An acronym for CENTRAL PARK.  C is for City...E is for Entertainment...N is for Neato(lol)...T is for Tranformation..."  This actually continues, but I went temporarily blind because of how stupid it was.  Here's my review of the empire state building: "E is for everyone who thinks this is stupid should come to my house and smack me, M is for maybe you should not use acronyms to express yourself, P is for perhaps you should play in traffic...I can't continue.   Okay, onto MY weekend in the park.  It's green, it has trees, it has grass.  More importantly, I'd like to focus on my friend, who we will call Tiny.  Tiny is a very small girlfriend of mine, who decided to have a man-filled weekend in the park.  On Sunday she invited along "the Doctor" who eagerly joined us in the west 80s.  When he arrived, only four of us were there, fully clothed (as it was slightly overcast, no one was really sunbathing on Sunday).  Only moments passed until he tore off his shirt to reveal his pulsating delts.  His pointed shirtlessness did not go unnoticed.  You see, this was a pretty small dude who built up his upper body Scwarzennegger style, and damn the world if he wasn't going to show it off to Tiny and the masses, clouds or no clouds.  Who is a cloud to tell the Doctor that his delts should go unexposed?!?!  He would smack that cloud out of the sky using only his bulging biceps.  GRRRRRRRRRRR.  Anyway that dude was ridiculous, punctuated by my friend "CPE" asking him "Uh, why is your chest so BIG?"  My male friend. So on Monday, Tiny was tired of hearing all of us mock the delts off the Doctor, and she decided to pursue other avenues.  Now, if you recall, Sunday was 5000000 degrees.  On Monday, it WAS appropriate to go shirtless.  But Tiny and her new squeeze apparently wanted to court each other by wearing layers and having outfit changes.  So as new squeeze arrived, Tiny slipped off to change into a black gown, casting aside the perfectly normal shorts and tanktop she came to the park in.  New squeeze one-upped her though: he showed up in the classic preppy double-layered shirt look (one of the shirts was a DAVID YURMAN T SHIRT) and jeans.  Yes, jeans, to sit in Central Park, in the 90 degree heat.  It was hilarious watching their sweaty courtship, and less hilarious watching them make out in the middle of our group of blankets midday. I have to put in an uncharacteristic caveat because new squeeze is a friend of a friend and a very cool dude - in case he reads this, Jen S. makes fun of everything, but in fact likes you, your many layers, and your public oral assault on my friend Tiny. Anyway, I'm going to be late for work because I wrote this, but the memory of the delts was so clear in my mind that I had to share it with the world.  If you're in Central Park on a sunny day and the sun goes behind a cloud, look around because it might just be behind one of the Doctor's delts.
Went skateboarding with my massive longboard and two friends around the park on Saturday afternoon. Ive never had so much fun on my skateboard ever! I tried some new tricks, almost ate it a few times, and just loved the gentle slopes of the road. It was very smooth, there was no rocky asphalt to be found. It was a glorious 2 hour ride and just one of the many possible adventures to be had in this place.
The idea of a huge park in the middle of a major city..when you're inside it you forget you're in a big major city because it's that huge!  Got to come here on our last 2 new york trips and I think our last one we didn't even get to go all the way around!  Just a very chill and relaxed place to go to especially if you have a family.  There's a zoo there, a theme park, tons of benches and walking areas, grass all around and tons of shade from trees.  You see people biking, running and walking their dogs or sitting out in the sun.  There's a part of it where there's a big giant fountain and if you keep walking you'll get to a place that looks like a castle. The thing that stuck out to me was they had these cool fountains and the back bottom side of it lil dogs can drink out of it too (like a doggy fountain attached) so cool.  I loved hearing talented people playing music in the middle of the park too.
I've always been told that Central Park in New York City is so beautiful and massive but I never had the chance to visit to see what everyone was talking about.  This park is everything everyone has ever said to me and so much more.  As soon as I walked into the park I was shocked at how truly beautiful this park is and how its in the middle of such an amazing city.  For me, central park is the icing on top of an already incredible rich and vibrant city.  I spent most of my trip walking through the park exploring the little areas and all the fields of lush grass that seemed to go on forever.  The statues, buildings and small ponds had me taking picture after picture so I could remember just how amazing this park was when I had to eventually travel back home.   Central Park is a slice of heaven.  I will never forget this amazing place and hope to visit it as well as New York City as much as I can in the future.
Park in the city center! Woohoo... Perfect for endless reason, this park draw over 35million visitor each year.  Look at the size of it, over 700 acres, whats not to love about it? Free concert, Shakespeare in the park, picnics, walk, boat, hike, etc just staring at the view is breathtaking! I can't get enough of this park and from what I heard, fall season will be amazing. I can't wait to see it this year! Join me and see it for yourself! Thank you to Central Park Conservancy for maintain of this location!
OK so we all agree Central Park is a 5. Short of any accidental pigeon droppings before weddings or a "oops I fell in to the lake" cases, we all agree its a 5. I grew up with this park, hell I grew up IN this park. I can remember some of my first steps here, my first catches with my dad, my first time sledding on the back of a piece of cardboard covered in trash bags. But I'll post this review just to shine light on a sometimes overlook part so as to maybe encourage a walk to the upper third of the park. If you want to walk around Central Parks only formal garden, head up to the conservatory garden located on 106th street and 5th avenue. This place is gorgeous in May for the cherry blossoms but holds beautiful year round. There are three landscapes: Italian, French and English.  A tunnel of trees lined with benches dwells on the sides of the garden. *****5 stars for many of the obvious reasons in everyone's posts. But if you want to see something a little different apart from the Great Lawn and Strawberry Fields, head up to the conservatory garden. If you're really motivated, you can make a day out of it and check out the museum of the city of New York and El Museo del Barrio.
Clearly someone knew a thing or two about city planning.
Very beautiful!  Can't wait to see it during the summer time.  I would love to run here.  I wish we had time to do a horse drawn carriage ride.  I must warn you though...unfortunately because of the horses you catch a strong smell of poo in the air.
it didn't get any more beautiful than to take a carriage ride through central park when the leaves were falling from the trees and the weather was cool but not chilly.  our guide, Colm, was great.  love his irish accent.  the carriage was beautiful and clean and his horse was healthy (thank goodness).  the carriage moved at a nice slow pace which gave us lots of chances to take photos.
Absolutely stunning. I fell in love with this park when I visited it, and I know I would go jog here regularly if I was a local. With well over 1k reviews, there really isn't much more to say about Central Park. Just come and enjoy it, walk around, take pictures, go eat lunch or dinner at a restaurant by the park, and just have fun. Love this park!! Cheers!
BEAUTIFUL! Great place to gain inspiration.  Extremely scenic and amazing.
This is one of my favorite summertime places. I live within walking distance, so I come here every once in a while. I love every aspect of this park (maybe except the bathrooms, which are always gross). It's super huge and you'll always find something to do. For the sports fanatics, there's the Great Lawn that hosts baseball fields and large open spaces perfect for football or tossing around a frisbee. They also have basketball courts throughout the park. I know they also have a volleyball court area near one of the basketball courts. They also have these huge rocks you can climb and relax and sunbathe on. In the summer, Rumsey Playfield holds all sorts of concerts and summer events. My most memorable one was the comedy special of the Daily Show correspondents/stars. My favorite comedy routine was Jon Oliver's. He's SO funny. They also have Shakespeare in the Park and the NY Philharmonic concert (they didn't have it this previous year, sadly). I also come here pretty often to walk my friends' dog because they literally live on Central Park West. The winding trails can get a little tricky and you can get lost if you venture too far. I seriously love this park and plan on coming back here all the time. One of my friends wants to come here in the winter when he visits and I'd love to check it out as well, since I've only been here in the summer. Oh, almost forgot about Turtle Pond. My roommate and I used to walk to this area all the time. We've actually seen turtles here, which was super fun to watch. They also have this castle-looking building nearby, which I've always been curious about. Anyway, to end my long rambling rant, I definitely recommend this park (:
The Met on one side, the Museum of Natural History on the other...lordy I love you Central Park!! I love love love you. Wandering around is awesome, you can forget you're even in NYC! And then you see a homeless guy chasing squirrels, and you remember, it's definitely NYC.
What's truly great about it, is that you'd have to figure that had they not had the foresight to do this many moons ago that it would not exist as it does right now in today's world. I think when you think of it like that, it makes it even cooler. If I lived in the city or even near it, it'd probably be a slam dunk 5 with all of the stuff there is to do there, but my interactions with it have always been as a visitor. Still, a marvel worth partaking in often.
just gorgeous!
This is the most amazing park I've ever seen.  With bike paths & boat rides, to horse & carriage tours.  It's crazy beautiful.  We took the bicycle ride around the park.  It was huge & oh so awesome.  I can now see why People like hanging out there.  With the hour that we rode around.  I can't imagine what parts of the park we didn't see because there is a whole lot to see there.
You are my solace Lovely fields and green pastures Work done, here i come! Cool and grassy fun I lay and wait patiently "Beer Here" comes the call Cool not cold - my beer Served from cart in paper bag Lay back and enjoy Central park i love Sheep's meadow too of course but.... Beer makes me happy
Central Park is my backyard, except that I'm not responsible for maintaining it! I am constantly in the Park. My favorite parts are the Conservatory Garden, the Arthur Ross Pinetum, and the North Woods. If you haven't ventured above Jackie O. Reservoir, I strongly suggest that you do so...there is much more park to be enjoyed!
I jogged here and it was pure love and I did not get stabbed even once.
Amazing. My favorite place in NYC. Love all of the lake/pond areas, the big rocks, the trails and the Mall area.
A classic.
On a nice vacation to New York I went to Central park with the voices in my head. All I noticed was the people starring at me as I took 32 baked potatoes out of my picnic basket. Its a good thing yogi bear wasn't there because I would of had to sock him in the mouth. As I walked around the park with a strain jacket on with ankle chains and 2 deputies by my side nothing could ruin the blissfulness of the scenery but I jolted backwards with a slight cramp in my stomach. Those potatoes were made of something fierce. It probably didn't help with the bottle of balsamic vinaigrette I drank with them. As I looked over my shoulder to New York's finest I whispered  " The mother load has arrived." As I leaped for the facilities I tripped on a small dog, or maybe a baby I couldn't tell, I remained on the ground crying deeply. Any attempt of reaching the bathroom was over. While the "accident" was over I remembered the key to my shackles I swallowed a couple days ago. I ripped through the strain jacket  like a little shirt on a fat guy. Finding the key was troublesome. The poo seemed endless. Burring my face in first had little luck so I had to nibble at it a little bit 'till I felt a key. That's when I used my hands, who would of thunk it right? I found that key in a jiffy and ran like a little shirt on a fat guy. And that's when I realized I had no shackles and was in a waffle house drowning in syrup.
It is as if it was all just a dream.   One of the highlights of any trip to New York is taking some time to stroll through the park.  All of my recent visits have been in the month of November when the fall colors are stunning.  I find myself practically breathless when I'm in New York because there is so much I want to see and do.  This is the one place where I truly slow down and take it all in.  I feel like I can breathe here.
I don't know what else can be said about this park.  It's great!  After a long and snowy winter, we spent the first day of spring here.  As in the past, it was packed full of people just relaxing and having a great time. Where else can you in the span of a few hours go, to a Carousel, then play Chess in the middle of the park, watch them feed Sea Lions at the Central Park Zoo, then hike a small trail by a huge lake where people are rowing boats?  When you're done, you can walk a few blocks south to the 5th Avenue Apple store (which is so awesome, it deserves a review of it's own). For all of us that live in Manhattan, this is our back yard!  It's been a claustrophobic winter, so I'm very happy to be able to play in my backyard!
ulmus americana encounters of the literary walk kind. vaulted ceilings broken through by grace, elegant choreography destroying human artifice, defiant in the face of prosaic expectations. compelling the rudimentary human towards the cosmos and then the nuances of strange symmetry mystery of structure light and sound an almost frightening vastness of sylvan veins an ominous primal call to awaken; dispel, heed.
Being a native New Yorker I always came here through out my life and I never had a negative experience coming here even during the 80's when NYC was a very different place. There is always something to do here you can relax, people watch, nature watch, take a carriage ride, go to the gardens, boat house, jog, go walking, biking and so much more.
Beautiful place! Smack in the middle of Manhattan and all the bustle is gorgeous Central Park. There are so many things to see if here, with some of the highlights being the zoo, lakes where you can take a boat ride and John Lennon's Imagine memorial. For me just wandering around watching the joggers and the dog walkers was a great experience. It is somewhere I would visit evertime I visit NYC.
*Review for the Loeb Boathouse rental* The entrance is on 72nd and you'll likely pass the lake with the remote controlled boats.  The long line looks intimidating, but it moves along quickly.  For $15 dollars an hour and a $20 dollar cash deposit (which you'll get back at the end) was worth it.   My intent was to have a romantic boat stroll with the gf.  My goal was to feed ducks.  Yes. Ducks.  We even bought bread with us to feed these bastids.  Once we got into the boat, the oar came off one side which was a little annoying, but I was able to manage.  I was paddling like an Olympic champion in search of ducks, but no ducks were found.  No ducks in any direction.   The lake is quite big and there is a lot of room to wander.  Make sure you give your significant other a kiss when you cross the bridge.  When in Rome... While it's not encouraged, bring a pen to graffiti your names too.   So at the end of the hour as we're about to return, guess what we see?  Ducks!  A whole flock of them hanging by the grass near the lake.  Technically, I think they were geese but it's all the same.  We started ripping the bread and chucking it at them.  Hitting their faces, their wings, their body.   If you're looking for something to do on a beautiful day; definitely go rent a boat and feed ducks.
This place is heaven on earth.  Period. You want to come to here.
I hope to become a billionaire one day to be able to build and own a home here (until then, I own an imaginary one, except I do not have a bed, I lay down in the grass instead). This is one thing that makes me a proud New Yorker...a park fulfilled with bliss, extended history, and every type of characters from all places in the world, gathered in one place, at the same time.
Its cold here!
What is there to say that hasnt been said already.  Yes this is the best park in the best city in the world.  So vast, so much to do.  I have been here a dozen times and still have not been to every aspect of the park.  The best time to go is during the fall.  Winter is pretty nice too when the park gets blanket'ed with snow.  Summer can get overwhelmingly hot.   Celebrities can be seen here as well.  Seriously, what is there NOT to like about central park.
I love the boating lake and the zoo I think the best though its just as great to meander(and get lost) around the little pathways that wind around the sheets and sheets of grass. Move further in than the tourist horse carriage ride stands that you see near fifth avenue. Discover the little cafe stops along the way where I really recommend the coffee and the bagels. Gaze at the children and the moterized boats on the lake. Small kids will adore the zoo. If you are after culture then nip across the road to the Guganheim museum then pop back in for coffee before you head out the bottom entrance into the bustling arms of fifth avenue. Watch out that you don't get mowed down by an enthusaistic jogger or one of many many skateboarders who think they own the world. Laugh at the Norland nannies in their uniforms as they primly guard the little monsters or otherwise known as the trust fund babes of Fifth Avenue. Lastly West side visit Strawberry fields the Lennon memorial.
In the summer you can frolic in the beautiful fields of green grass, soak in the warm sun on a picnic blanket, take a romantic stroll by one of the many ponds. In the winter you can warm up your body with a nice morning jog, sit on a bench and sip hot cocoa with a friend, walk through the park right after huge snow storm (it's a breathtaking sight). The list can go on for days because there's so much to do in Central Park. As a Manhattan native I can easily say this park has always been a part of my life. As a child I used to go on a bunch of school trips; Central Park Zoo, local playgrounds, picnics in the fields. As a teenager I would stroll through the park with my friends and we'd have our own photo shoots, share laughs, stuff our faces with junk food- you know? Normal teenager stuff. There are so many memories for me in Central Park, and as long as I am living in NYC I will continue to create more memories. A few of my fave things in Central Park as an adult: relaxing on a bench by myself, picnics that include wine, good eats and music, reading books in secluded but safe areas, cool events.
I was very impressed with what this park had to offer. So many things can be done here. The possibilities are endless. I was amazed. As a casual runner, I wasn't scurred when I ran twice through Central Park at 4am. Sure there were a lot of random people still walking aimlessly in the park, some minding their own business, others performing the walk of shame, but generally speaking, most people just kept to themselves. Though at 4am, it is still pretty dark in the park, and they do have random horse poop here and there so it is incumbent upon a runner if they do some night running that they watch out for this stuff. And speaking of horses, I like seeing these horse carriages throughout the day. Neat stuff. Lot's of cyclist too and bike taxis as well. There's a couple of lakes here and a big one too. Nice big water fountain. Several softball fields. I saw a few tennis courts. And plenty of street vendors selling hot dogs, pretzels, etc. Again, plenty of stuff to do here. Although I was there a few times, I probably only experienced just barely the surface. There's a lot more stuff I would like to explore on my next trip here.
*please read my previous review now since this is an update* SL and I took a stroll through the park 3 weeks ago and we had a good time as it was a beautiful day: 1.  Phil Helmuth was jogging:  I don't care for poker and its scene, but it was a cool spotting. 2.  Naomie Watts riding in a carriage with her man:  SL made this spotting so i will take her word for it.  But I'd rather see her jogging than in a carriage though...WOOF~! 3.  the string bubble guy:  he was making gigantic bubbles with two sticks  connected by a string.  Pretty cool stuff... 4.  wedding photos:  plenty of couples were out capturing special moments.  L'amour~ was definitely in the air.  However we saw one photographer ask a couple to pose face to face with their noses pressed against each other as if it was a UFC event.  It was such a wedding photo fail that someone should take the photographer's camera and smash it into bits and pieces. Summary:  Central Park is fun....
WOW! This place always impresses me. Of course I am a tourist and usually see the park from the movies or television so this spot will always be one of my faves :-)
I have a really intense love for Central Park. There's lots to see on any day, and is a really nice place to walk around when you want to get away from the business of the rest of the city. Whenever I take the bus into the city, Central Park is always someplace I stop at :)
Beautiful landscaped gardens, with flat areas for playing, the ponds and reservoirs and a wealth of nature in the heart of the big city.
Central park is really a gem.  I find myself taking walks here whenever I want to get away from the crazy city.  There are a lot of little sites to see, and people to watch (all sorts of activities going on).  I wished every city had a place like this park.  Have some icecream, paddle a boat, play some croquet; relax and take a deep breath because this is probably the freshest air you'll find within 15 miles of Manhattan.
I haven't come since the days a gf was attending TC, Columbia and I moved around, trying to hit the Met and other places dotting Central Park. My reunion with this giant was long overdue. Ran about 4-5 miles the other day.. Stayed just a few blocks away, so coming multiple times not an issue. Nothing more dreamy than to run on the Tuesday that I did, in the rain.... It's all so mystical....the meandering paths, the trees, the little ponds, the slight grade, and hardly any peeps! I wanted to walk the Brooklyn Bridge, and to run through the park. Relied upon Gray Line tours to get me to Brklyn (which, sadly and pathetically, was subsequently cancelled due to rain..pshaw! i say.. i used to live in Portland. We didn't even use umbrellas! what is some moisture, i say!!). When i was sunning here yesterday morning, it was just gorgeous.. dogs and their owners, international couples and tourists, me....all in harmony, thinking, while looking up..... Man, those skyscrapers fringing the park are talll...how gorgeous that they all frame Central Park the way they do. Some (like UES residents) have a slice of the the good life. Ain't it so?
As a distance runner, Central Park is my mecca. As someone who loves the city but realizes that it wouldn't be the same if it were entirely a sea of concrete, I am grateful for Central Park. As a lover of NYC history, Central Park is interesting and historic. As someone who loves watching the change of seasons, Central Park is necessary.   As a New Yorker, I love that Central Park is wild and free! Central Park is my happy place. Some facts:  the big outer loop (road) is 6.2 miles.  If you do the lower medium loop (from 102nd transverse down to the bottom park and back up), it's about 5.15 miles.  The lower loop (from 72nd st transverse down to the bottom and back) is 1.7 miles.  The loop from 72nd transverse up to 102nd and back down is 4 miles.  And the reservoir is 1.6 miles around.   The Ramble is one of my favorite places to explore.  Belvedere Castle is really pretty too, and is at 85th st.  If you ever get lost, 1) look at the lamp posts.  They will say, for example, E66 which means you are on the east side at about 66th st.  2) look for buildings to orient yourself.  The stone ish path around Sheep's Meadow is just about .5 miles around.  There are significant hills on the east side at around 78th st (Cat Hill - look for the statue of the cat on your left as you go up!) and Harlem Hill, which is at the top of the park near the norrthwest corner.  Also, don't underestimate the hills from about 102nd st transverse down to 80th st on the west side! One of my favorite things is going for a night run (with a group! not alone!), heading down the west side near the great lawn and being able to see the buildings in Columbus Circle, the CNN display, and the rest of our beautiful city to the south.
Is there a better park in the country? Not in my opinion. So many things to do here, play ball, bird watch, row boats, ice skate, swim...I could go on forever!
I hadn't been to Central Park during the winter since probably sometime around 1989 or thereabouts. It's truly an awesome wonder to behold. The park is a frozen tundra of iced lakes and snow banks as high as my hip. It's in stark contrast to the green, grassy fields of summer time, but I love that the seasons allow you to view the park in many different stages throughout the year. Plus, the winter also keeps down the number of people having sex down by the hidden river banks. At least, I'd assume it does. Last time I was here in the summer I walked down by the water and found myself ankle deep in a condom graveyard; I think my shoes got AIDS. But this park is easily one of the greatest wonders of NYC, and it's a must-visit spot every single time I'm here.
Landmark park. One of the best on the planet.
What's not to like about Central Park on a beautiful summer day? It's a great place to hang with friends, family, pets, or all of the above together! Lots to do and see and really is a refuge from the 'big city'. Be a bit cautious at night please, but it really is an incredibly safe place during the day.
Last Monday (7/16/2007), a friend took me through the whole park from one end to the other... approximately 50 blocks, I think.  I could not believe how many squirrels I saw during our walk.  So many hidden grassy area and the view of the water/city is magnificent.  Nature sound and smell, music and people... all great!  Loved, loved this park.  If I ever decide to live in NYC, I will definitely make sure it's walking distance from Central Park.   During our walk, my local New Yorker friend pointed out a few cool things.  One being the big rock you can sit on, talk with friends while looking down at the green, murky water.  I like the "crazy bird guy," "drum dudes" and "knitted people."  Off course those are what he called them since he sees these people everyday on his walk from work.  It was awesome to see a movie being filmed at the center of the park, we were trying to get a closer look to investigate, but movie crews stopped us and told us to walk around. Bummer.... from what I saw, they were filming a "love scene" where a man was chasing a woman down the stairs and at the bottom, they kissed.  Now I am curious of what movie it was... The horse carriage ride is cheesy, but I have to admit, I had fun last time I was on it a few years ago.  We got a brief history of the landmarks throughout the park.  Romantic?.... maybe for some, if the company is right.   I'm sure I'll visit Central Park again the next time I am in Manhattan :-)!
This is seriously my favorite park!!! Five stars without hesitation!! There so much to do here!! There's concerts,animation drawing(something I always wanted to do lol)hiking,boathouse dining,zoo,riding boats,biking,even looking at statues..this place is soooo awesome ... I would defiantly advise you not to come here on the weekends cause its crazy stupit packed with a lot of tourist and locals... I don't like that at all.. Hate crowed places... I'm deffently will come back since this place is like the best lol I just love to walk and as big and spaced out this place is this is deffently the place to get away and take a stroll and relax.. I just really like the atmosphere makes me feel so much more closer to NYC !! :) I gotta move to the city someday so I can just walk around this park everyday .. Meeps!! Lol
I love Central Park, they have So many thing to do in the Summer The Roller Skaters Dancing, The Concerts, The Free Movies, Boat Rides, bicycling in NYC ,Multiculturalism Setting,  Etc,
I mean... of course. Tourists and all. But the northern end is a better escape.
Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love Central Park.  The natural beauty and landscape is a gem within the city.  Every time I go there, I enjoy a different aspect.  Truly an oasis.  The one aspect that stops me from giving it 5 stars are the sometimes rude and pushy people trying to get you to ride in their carriages or bikes.  The solicitations are constant and get annoying after the first several intrusions.  My other pet peeve, so to speak, is the smell of urine and dirt that infiltrate the air in some areas.  It's an embarrassment to the city.  But as I said, the good outweighs the bad, and I love the zoo too.
This place is huge! Amazing places to take photos, no wonder there were so many wedding parties and engagement and family photo shoots happening. There are also plenty of places to find food and drinks along the way, you could easily spend the whole day here and still not see everything. Be on the lookout for rats though cause there's plenty and they are NOT scared of you lol. This is definitely one of my favorite places to visit when I visit.
Central Park will always be special to me after this recent trip to NY. The Boy popped the big question while we were there.  I guess I should upgraded him to the Fiance now. What a great idea to have a humongous park right in the middle of the concrete jungle.  Loved that locals could still go jogging in 30 degrees temperature.  I have a gym and treadmill on the 3rd floor of my building and I still can't bring myself to go down two floors to go work out. Shame on me.  But WHATEVA, I'm engaged, bitches!
Quick tip for you out-of-towners who are afraid of getting hopelessly lost in central park... If you look at the lamp posts, they're not just beautifully decorative but your guide to finding where you are. They contain a number that would correspond to the street (north/south) you would be on if it ran through the park. And the letters to tell you if you are on the East Side, West Side, or Central part of the best park on earth! Enjoy your respite from the city, stress free!
This is where I found Zen.
Is there a more beautiful and historical quintessential New York park experience than walking and exploring Central Park? This park is absolutely amazing, it has been in plenty of films and shows etc. My favorite memory of the park is obviously during winter time with the snow falling its so beautiful and picturesque. Also during the summer its a great place to find pick up soccer/futbol games. Wonderful place during the day, just be careful during the night it can get a little dangerous but not really, that's only when there are some questionable characters around, so always have some one with you if you are enjoying a night stroll unless your some big strong person that can whoop assssss
Huge and beautiful park. Love it !
Very well maintained park. Besides being a popular tourist attraction, it has many other things to offer such as being one GIGANTIC dog park between the hours of 9pm - 9am. There are certain areas of the park that will be sectioned off for BBQ. There are also great spots for bird photography. Overall, something for everyone, even the kids. I love coming here during the winter time because the grounds and trees will be covered with snow. Great for photos!! Despite all the great things it has to offer, I wouldn't recommend walking through here alone late at night.
I had a great time walking through Central Park South. The view was amazing. Refreshing atmosphere watching the kids playing, dog parks and Street performers. You can't get lost in center park you just start an adventure lol. My next visit will be UpTown
On my recent 2-day trip to NYC with the wifey, I knew I had to have a Central Park stroll on the list on things to do. Suggestion: Ride subway up to 72nd/Broadway (or wherever the carts are for that day) and get a Wafels & Dinges (best thing I ate in NYC) or go to Levain Bakery on 74th and get the best cookies ever before walking east a few blocks to Central Park! The park is truly paradise in the middle of the concrete jungle and we enjoyed seeing the Oak Bridge with a beautiful view of the Manhattan Skyline, Shakespeare Gardens, Belvedere Castle, and the Obelisk. It was definitely a great start to our trip and would definitely recommend walking through Central Park if you have never done it!
Meh.  It's a park.  A very big park.  Who cares?  I like living in a city because I hate nature, so why would I go to a park? :)
Seriously, I need a dog or running shoes! Such a beautiful park. You can watch people, their dogs, the views. Perfect place for a long afternoon walk.
beautiful, another world within NY, it was a looooong walk...my calf muscles are BUFF. oh and we saw p diddy and cassie here LOLZ...
Location: In the middle of town! What can I say that hasn't been said already? Central Park is a massive green space that is strategically positioned right smack in the middle of Manhattan. You will find runners, horse riders, skateboarders, ice cream vendors, hobos, obscenely rich folk and obscenely poor folk - it really is a mélange of the best (and sometimes worse) that NYC has to offer. It's a great place to go to if you want to escape the hustle and bustle of this frantic city - pack yourself a picnic, bring a blanket, and find a secluded spot where you can do a little uninterrupted daydreaming. Don't forget to stop by the Alice in Wonderland statue - love it! I don't know if a map of the park is available but if so, I would suggest getting one.
Best running spot in the city.  I love the gentle slopes and shady paths that make it great for training. Here's the deal if you're a runner: RUN COUNTER-CLOCKWISE against the traffic.  It's the "official" way to run, and it's much safer to face the bikes and the cars.  If you pay attention to the signs on the lamp posts, you'll see those same directions.
Heaven in the midst of one of the most amazing, vibrant, bustling places in the world ... the last two years we have been very lucky to see Central Park in the snow (12" - 18") and although it's hard work to plod through so much snow, the buzz of the place and the magnificent views make it worthwhile. Now I want to see Central Park in the autumn ...!!
day 54 - my legacy static.px.yelp.com/bphot… i like new york in june, how about you? i like a gershwin tune, how about you? i love a fireside when a storm is due. how about you? i like potato chips, moonlight motor trips, how about you? i'm mad about good books, can't get my fill and james durantes looks give me a thrill holding hands in the movie show, when all the lights are low may not be new, but I like it, how about you? how about me? central park. wow. what a park. the best park of all. the best park in the world i must say. it's the heart of the city. its huge. whey they designed the city they must have designed it around central park. i want to come back to central park once every 10 years. the city may change. i may change. but the park seems like it will be forever young...
Do you like trees and sunlight and amazing views of midtown? What about wildlife and taking a moment for yourself? Look no further.
central park wow a really nice park with lots of trees  bike trails and walk trails good place to relax chill people watching  their is even a zoo in central park the park is 30 blocks long  renting bike is the best thing to do when u in central park u get nice view of the park  and all the nature around it central park is nicer then the parks in la will go back to central park again next time im back in NY
We rented bikes for 4 hours, took a picnic lunch and set off for a beautiful day in the park.  The weather was absolutely beautiful.  There were street performers out while we ate our lunch, that were just awesome.  I can't say enough about how beautiful the gardens, fountains and park was.
For God's sake, how do you review Central Park? It's absolutely awesome. There are enough attractions for every taste and age. Lakes, ponds, hills, fountains, sculptures, statues, bridges, gardens, a reservoir, boat rides, a castle, an outdoor theater, baseball/softball fields, volleyball courts, short hiking trails, bike tracks, inspiring walks/runs, spectacular views, wedding spots, 2 ice skating rinks, tennis courts, a climbing wall, restaurants, an authentic egyptian obelisk, an outdoor swimming pool, a zoo, soccer fields, recreation centers, food stalls, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, souvenir stalls, a marionette theater, the Museum of Natural History and the Guggenheim Museum along it's sides, a carousel, playgrounds, squirrels roaming free, birds all over the park... What more do you need? :-)
I was gonna make out with the HUGE ass dog once. Actually, I met this big ass dog last night. He weighs 152 pound.   I even asked the owner. I am not making this shit up now. It's good to observe people, though. ::: takes her iPhone out of her bag and puts some music on :::: *Strollin' in the park, watchin' winter turn to spring Walkin' in the dark, seein' lovers do their thing That's the time I feel like makin' love to you That's the time I feel like makin' dreams come true Oh baby*
Central Park! What can I say about you that hasn't already been said? Only my experience of you makes our relationship so intimate, precious, magical, unique. In Springtime: Your trees blossom, your flowers bloom, bright yellow daffodils look like baby chickens playing on the grass. Bushes over clear pastel blue skies look like prairie scenes from a Midwestern landscape. You are perfect in the spring as sprinkles of rain leave rainbows over your shoulders. If you were human in Spring, You'd be a chubby, rosy cheeked baby Smelling of violets and apple compote, giggling inside your concrete crib. Laughing joyfully as you are tickled by strangers Who's feet step gently like fingertips lightly caressing your belly. In the Summer: Your fountains become public pools Where smelly toes in crocs and flip flops Cool-off from walking expeditions in the humid heat. New Yorkers escape the concrete Lay out on rocks to toast like wonder bread Like chameleons with bright towels, in designer bathing suits; Like lizards in Chloe sunglasses and expensive tanning lotions Eating disordered insects in sun-dresses eat celery sticks and tweet by the pond Overworked and under-paid nannies run after 3 year-olds like busy bees And dog-walkers look like emperors on chariots going off to war in the fields. If you were human in Summer: You'd be a hairy Amazonian woman, Ripe, sweating sexuality like sticky humidity from your brown porous soil. Where lovers kiss under your overgrown green bushes As they watch the sunset fall on your curves. Cyclists ride up and down your thighs Couples paddle in your lakes And Eastsiders luncheon at The Boathouse. You are full of life; caressed by poet's words, Your adventures immortalized by painter's brushes. Wet with summer flings and water guns. Deep inside, you house a fiery heart Where protesters gather for peace marches and rallies. In the warmth of your soft sweet center, families throw birthday parties and reunions. Foodies lay picnics on your flowery dress. Musicians play melodies inside you. Plucking away at strings that leave notes hanging on your every windy breath Caught in your tender succulent branches. And tourists rape you of your elegance by taking snapshots Like a swarm of paparazzi on a rampage. In the Fall: You'd be nostalgia wrapped up in Gold. A grandmother's last breath passing through you. A love affair ending beneath your hardening branches. A Shakespearean play echoing under your bridges. A wounded bird that cannot fly, trapped inside the nest. You are a warm gulp of reality that tastes like hot chocolate and apple cider. You are cinnamon and nutmeg. Curry, squirrels, candied peanuts and roasted chestnuts. You are Athena harvesting. Cleopatra's warm muddy tears reminiscent of the Nile. A beautiful red rat snake coiled for warmth, shedding its skin. Exposing your darkness. You are beautiful in your suffering, Gracious in your transformation. In Winter: You'd be an old beggar man with licquored frozen breath. Faded leather shoes like cracked pavements, And big toes peeping unapologetically like trees bare and erect, Sad, lonely grasping for survival. You wear a grey wool cloak the color of your murky dark waters and frosted lakes. Your heart dried up like fountains. What is left of your hair, weak strands barely holding on, color of dirty snow flakes. You are brought back to life by the ice skaters Twirling like ballerinas around your heart While couples fall (not so gracefully) on the ice and head over heels with one another, And while children with red wool mittens build snow men With carrot noses, stick hands and rock buttons, on your muddy lawn. 365 Days of Central Park! I love you all around and all year round. On your eastern curves you house The Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Guggenheim; And on your Western hip is the Natural History Museum. Trump's got you cornered, phallic towers on the outskirts of your ankle. You train runners to race through your trails. Bring teams together. Teach dogs to fetch and children how to ride bicycles. Feed the birds with seeds and my heart with joy. You are the big apple, sweet in the center of the city And New York is lucky to have you.
Everyone's back yard.  There aren't words enough to express how I feel about the park.  There are places where you can go that you don't even know you are in the middle of the city.  Playing softball or just jogging through the paths...this is City living at its finest!
i love you, central park. thank you for your: -greenery -peacefulness -zoo -resevoir -running paths -theatres -big rocks -public pool (ish?) -shady trees -cherry blossoms -gardens -pretty bridges -perfect lawns for picnics and tanning -oasis in the middle of the bustle -overall loveliness.
Not really sure what else I can add to this review that hasn't already said. This is a huge and beautiful park, and you honestly could spend all day exploring this place. There's plenty of grass to lay on and bring a picnic, lots of street performers to entertain you, and they do have free concerts occasionally as well. Sheep Meadow is the best place to look at the skyline of New York. Must also make a trip to the roller skating section - there's people playing music on the weekends and anyone can go and dance and/or skate. There's also a nice chess area on the south side of the park. I have yet to go on the north end! The street vendors sell drinks/food at ridiculous prices, but whatever, it's Central Park!
It's the second largest public park in the States (#1 is our very own Golden Gate Park). I've seen it in all four seasons and every single time I am blown by its beauty. It's difficult to say which ONE season at the park is when it's the most beautiful. I may be slightly partial to Winter just because living in SF I don't get to experience snow unless I head to Tahoe. No matter how packed its filled with tourists at any given time I don't think even the most blasé of New Yorkers can dislike Central Park.
Central Park is simply amazing. It is so much larger than I would have possibly imagined. We spent the good part of 2 days in the park and I do not feel like we even saw 10%. Highly recomended
Central Park is exceptional! I get so many different feelings walking through this beautiful peaceful place. My heart feels at peace, I am sure you will also just soak up so many different feelings with a walk through Central Park. It is really indescribable! Wished I lived in NYC right across from Central Park. ;)
I don't even think it's possible that there's a park in the world that rivals this one.  It has everything.  Here's a list: * Wayfinding signs are excellent (I love that you always know where you are because the lampposts have the street on them). * You can rent a canoe and splash your friends on a warm day. * From pretzels, to ice cream, to hot dogs, to whatever you want along your trek, you're well fed.  Well, in the sense that there's plenty of food vendors, not that that options are that good for you. * If you're a dog lover, you can spend the whole day with your pooch in here. * The Conservatory Garden is worth a trip in and of itself. * The park is ever changing, with flowers blooming, trees changing colors - it's forever in a beautiful transition. * You can enter in so many different spots - I believe there are 46 gates in total. * It's open until 1am if you feel like picking a spot with your honey to get your groove on.  Apparently, this happens quite frequently, because I could have had a used condom sale if I wanted.  They seemed to be at every nook-and-cranny bench under a tree.   * I was here for 7 hours, up the East and then back down the West, and feel like I could spend a bunch more time despite having seen quite a bit. * Loved the Delacorte clock.  Very cute. * Fantastic runner eye candy.  Jesus those bodies are gorgeous - and so many without shirts.  I could spend the whole day looking at bodies. New York was always in my heart, despite me being born and raised in San Francisco.  But being here so much in the past year, and then going to Central Park and spending the day, makes me feel like a move to this coast could be a part of my future.
Central Park is the most amazing place EVER. It's gorgeous year around with so much to do and see. You can live in NYC for years and not discover all the wonderful nooks and crannies! Check the Central Park events calendar online to see what interesting things are going on. Lovely Life NYC hosts a cheap yoga class once a month, it's in a beautiful location and it's a great way to meet people- lovelylifenyc.com.
Beautiful park.  I could just imagine how it'll look in the winter with Christmas lights everywhere. Pure magic. It's so huge. So any areas where you can sit and enjoy a hot cup of coffee (bring your own or you get charged $4 for black coffee) with a book in hand.   My favorite was biking around and thru the park. Rentals are by the hour. I think it only took me 45 min to view around the place but it was exhilarating.  Some parts are uphill though so get those thighs burning! This would be another place I'd wanna visit again.
I strolled from the 66th street entrance on a cold, brisk February afternoon into the park. It was a Sunday if I remember. Already visitors from all walks of life, from all corners of the globe wanted to visit the Gates, the Jeanne-Claude/Christo installation - nearly twenty-five years from conception to completion. Hushed whispers blended with joyful laughter of toddlers running throughout the park. Rubbing my chin and thinking to myself, "What an undertaking!" I knew weeks before, volunteers were prepping the walks with mounts, posts and frames for the saffron drapes to hang freely in the breeze. Some anticipated the forthcoming project while others commented how silly the city was spending on this installation. What they didn't know or yet know, it was entirely funded privately. It costs about over $20 million dollars but brought nearly 5 million visitors during its three-week stint and close to a quarter of a billion dollars in revenue to the city. Not a bad investment Mr. Bloomberg. Not bad. I found a perch high above on a rock outcropping overlooking the valley facing southward towards Wollman... whoops, the rink formally known as Wollman. Grabbing a few photos and enjoying the view, I recognized a few faces such as actors James Cromwell, Liev Schrieber and Diane Sawyer, the anchorwoman. Yes, I even wondered if Holden Caulfield was here as well. It was a good day in Central Park. (In tribute to Jeanne-Claude who passed away recently.)
When I'm in town, I'm here daily before 8am. I went to NYU and loved bringing family here just to see them sweat on summer days haha I am just kidding. When I used to wear the wrong shoes, I would want the callesas (horse carriages) to just bring me home!!! I love this, this is part of what makes NY my home.
Definitely one of the most beautiful park in NYC! I love coming here to take a romantic walk with my bf.
Best park in America.  It has a little of everything from the boat house to the fields, street performers to softball games.  There is not much better place than Central Park on a pretty Spring day.
I just got home from a 2 night stay in this hotel and was very pleasantly surprised.  I opened my door expecting to shuffle in sideways to a typical small, cramped NYC hotel room.  No shuffling here!  My room was huge!   The bathroom was really clean (and I tend to have a little OCD when it comes to cleanliness), the bed was incredibly comfortable, the staff was great and even let me check in at 9:30am on the day of my arrival.  Very reasonable rates especially for AAA members and great location!  I would definitely stay at this hotel again!  Just a word of caution - if you use their car service to get anywhere, just know that they can not charge you 10% extra as a fee for using your credit card.  They can't!  But they are separate from the hotel.  Park Central gets my vote!
This park is huge, so there's something here for everyone. Good luck navigating it though. There are horse-drawn carriages waiting outside. Every single one costs $130 for a 1-hour ride ($50 for the first 20 minutes, $20 for each 10 minutes after that), no matter how many people you have. Each carriage can take about 4 people. The driver doesn't really tell you what you're looking at either, so it's just a ride through the park without much information. The driver stopped and let us take pictures along the way though. If you want information from your driver, take a pedi cab, which is slightly cheaper but can only take 2 people. Warning: if it's 90° or hotter outside, they won't work the horses. You'll have to wait until it cools down to take a horse-drawn carriage.
Go there if you're happy. Go there if you're sad. Go there when you've got a group to entertain. Go there when you're all by your lonesome. Go there if you've got 20 minutes to kill or if you're thinking you might have to wander for hours. Go sculpture hunting. Go bird watching. Heck, go roller blading if you have to. Rent a boat for $12 an hour and go out on the pond with a buddy. I personally guarantee fun times. Get a pretzel and a soda and have an impromptu picnic watching cute boys play sports on one of the big fields. I love love love the mall leading to the Bethesda Fountain. Go down the stairs at the end underneath the terrace to get down to the fountain and enjoy the romantic/spooky/amazing Arcade and Minton tiled ceiling. I walked around this area for hours this afternoon, people watching and sitting to read when my feet got tired. There was a guitar/violin duo playing in the shadowy arcade, and hearing their music echo towards me as I walked under the terrace made me feel like it wasn't just the awesome beauty of the park getting to me, I really must be in a movie. Lovely. Absolutely lovely.
Central Park is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen and one of my favourite things about New York, if I lived there I would be in it all the times. Its full of playgrounds, artwork and sports pitches, you can take a horse drawn carriage ride, cycle or walk to get through the park. It also has its own zoo and restaurants. I loved it!
The most wonderful place ever! The first step into the park transforms my world into something peaceful and serene.  It is truly a magical place!
This park MUST be walked.  It is so spectacular and beautiful...(the backdrop of the skyline......stunning).  Time out from walking to do the touristy hanscomb cab rides, yes, I did them, and I don't mind admitting it.  It really was fun and worth it to me.  Back to the walking.......this is the only way to see the park because of all the different places to see and things to do.  Strawberry Fields is a MUST if you're a Beatles fan.  You just have to go.  Wollman Rink at night......during the winter.  The lake, the reservoir, the zoo....and so much more.  I haven't even done 1/2 of the park, but my goal is to keep increasing the territory I cover each time I go.  It's just fantastic.  No matter what season or time of day, this park is breathtaking and well worth visiting....many times over.
whats more to say? everyone pretty summed it up. it is a nice place to take a walk or a date or anyone. there are many activities to do.
I love it here.  We went there in the morning to jog.  There were a bunch of people there jogging around already.  I wish I could jog the whole central park but I have to be a super women version of myself to do that.  Getting too old this day. The park was clean and gave me an energy to jog more.  I push myself more when I saw other joggers.  I had to beat them and win them over the run..hehe
New York would suck without central park. I know its all been said, but i love this place and wanted to say it too. here we have the largest block of high-end realestate in the world dedicated to recreation. That could never happen these days. There isn't a happy, sad, nostalgic, or lost part of my life that doesn't pass through this park. Activities, benign, illegal, salacious, and naughty. Endless frisbee in the meadow. Love's found and lost. Even the occasional something something. the only bummer (i'm old) is the loss of the schaffer/dr pepper concerts  at the wollman rink BITD (tm) - i saw my 1st concert there, and many many more. Many great acts i never would have paid to see, with people from every walk of life mingling, partying, playing on the hills (even those hills have been landscaped away) surrounding the rink in an orgy of fun, both literal and metaphoric. here's to central park, the lungs of manhattan, and to every person who's fallen in and out of love there, snuck a kiss or a quickie, smoked a joint or tripped their brains out, gone to the zoo with parents or kids gone to the rose garden, or passed out in the sun, there. CP i love you
There's just so many things to do in Central Park. I've came here for several occasions. When I used to work in corporate, I joined in on the JP Morgan 5k Corporate Run (tiring but well worth the sweat). I volunteered with my old company to take Harlem kids to the Central Park Zoo. I came here on a date and we were on the hunt for the castle. I also came here with several friends to go ice skating at Wollman Rink during the winter and row-boating during the summer. You can even come here for a long jog or a picnic. Oh, and it's also really close to the Met and Museum of Natural History. I'm so glad there's a spot in Manhattan where you can just admire the trees and the natural beauty of this world!
Yeah, don't go in here after 1am. Not because you'll get raped, but because you'll get a freakin court summons because it closes. I was just biking around the loop when I got pulled over by those golf cart cops and issued a summons. Their boss pulled up, and I almost got arrested (for asking what happens if I missed the court summons and there was a warrant out for me. I was just being curious, but the boss cop was a dick and started yelling at me!)
GORGEOUS.  I absolutely love this place.  It's huge, it's beautiful, and I wish there was a Central Park in LA.  Sighs, this place is such a great place to go for a jog and just so relaxing.  I want to visit Central Park again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The green lung of New York. Everbody can make the park to his personal stage and performe, without bening dissed. If the pedestrians like the show they stop, watch and applaud, if not they just go on. Different people meet just to have a good time together, afterwards everbody goes his on way. Just great and uncomplicated....
went to this park to enjoy the trees and nature also to visit the zoo. Ilove central park because it has lots of things to do. i took my son here a few weeks ago he love the animals and he got to feed some of them. Also the have a carousel for the kids too ride on, i really recommend this park to everyone and there  kids.
What's not to love? The crowds can suck sometimes but overall...it's a landmark of the city and rightly so! Love!
It's been a long stressful week and when a Ninja is stressed out he has to find a way to relieve all that stress. There are several ways Ninja's go about relaxing and releasing all that stress. One way cost too much and they charge by the hour, another way is to go to a gun range and unload several hundred rounds, but ammo has gotten way to expensive. Today this Ninja decided to go out for a run... actually it was more of a jog... okay it was a little bit of jogging and brisk walks in between. I decided to head out to Central Park because Ninja's don't do tread mills. It was a great day to go out for a run and Central Park on a Thursday mornings is not crowded at all. Morning temperature was in the low 60's today and the jogging paths were free of the usual crowds you normally run into on a weekend. Central Park is great place to go out for a jog if you are an out of towner like me. You never get tired of running from one part of the park to the other. You find yourself so focused on time and speed because if you're not paying attention and you decide to take your time and stroll and site see, there is a good chance your car will either have a ticket on the windshield when you get back or better yet towed by your friendly NYC traffic enforcement. Makes for an excellent morning workout. There is so much to see and unfortunately this Ninja was only able to see a fraction of what he wanted to. Not because I got tired, I just didn't have enough quarters.
This is by far the best urban park anywhere in the world. It is massive - I was born and raised in New York and yet I am always discovering new places within Central Park almost every time I go. It has so much to offer... skating rinks, playgrounds, ponds, zoos, a carousel, gardens, boating, fountains, horse rides, dog runs, sports courts, sprawling lawns and fields, even a castle!
although i'm not a big fan of nature, i'd have to be a complete asshole to not give central park five stars. i love the cover the park gives you to get drunk while you're still underage/pee in the bushes... it gets hardcore in here once the sun goes down, we all know it, central park DON'T PLAY i personally have many beautiful memories of my times in the park.. laying out on the great lawn, drinking vodka out of snapple bottles and chasing it with ice cream/pretzels from the little vendors was a common activity in high-school, but now that i'm grown up and mature i try to enjoy the nature instead... however, i hate that i can't smoke while i walk through the park anymore :[ i can't dock a star for that, but what a stinky new law here's a magical park story - one time i was walking through the park at night, and i saw a two people stargazing. they let me look through their telescope and i saw planets and stars all up close! how cool is that?! they were total babes, and if they're reading this, thanks agin xoxo ps DONT RIDE THE HORSE AND CARRIAGES UNLESS YOU'RE A BAD PERSON
There is not one day, pretty much, that goes by when I'm not in this park. I don't think I could live without it.  It's good for children, walking 70lb boxer dogs, sunsets, swinging, ice skating, tennis playing, book reading, scootering, jogging, jogger watching, lolling about in the grass, meetingnew dogs, meeting old dogs, getting to the east/west side, picnics, music, Halloween parades, sprinklers, Shakespeare, fireflies, dragonflies, ducks, swans, Canadian geese, the AIDs walk, romantic walks, un-romantic walks, and breathing.
I've been to Central Park twice in my life and saw different parts both time.  Central Park is so big, you can spend an entire day walking around and inside it (or maybe it's because we just got lost the first time). The deeper you go, you don't even know you are in New York city anymore.  None of the horns, shouting, etc.  All I remember from the few years ago was taking a horse carriage ride and it was wonderful.   Tip: get a map! It'll help. Not sure if Central Park deets are GPS'd, but if not get a map! You will get lost if you traverse too deep.   Verdict: While in NYC, you gotta visit this beauty of a park.
Central Park is just short of becoming a national park as it is easily one of the most recognizable landmarks of nature in the country.  It also fills the nature hungry void the citygoers will have from time to time.  It becomes a place of relaxation, people watching, book reading, exercise, lounging, picnics, and so much more.  Its surrounded by some of the most beautiful apartments in all of Manhattan and some of the finest museums in the United States. Its a park that embodies the very spirit of New York and its ever growing ability to adapt.  The park itself is massive and is literally the answer to many afternoon questions that revolve around things to do.  Its a safe place to walk around at night (with security and well lit areas) and is a great place to catch a concert in the summer time.  And unless one detests the horse manure smell along 5th Avenue or has allergies to all things nature, Central Park is a spot that all folks in New York (tourists and local) should not avoid.
During the day - 5 stars for sure.  I pretty much ditto what Shannon M. said. I loved the boathouse area and watching "Pale Male" the hawk who lives on 5th Avenue. Strawberry Fields play area is nice, too. There are lots of little nooks and crannies to discover - either on foot, by bike or rollerblading.
What a nice treat for New Yorkers and it's many visitors.
what is new york without central park!! My favorite park to stroll in and have a nice day at. I miss tavern on the green and love the boat house. I enjoy the many movies filmed here. Love the bridge, fountain, alice in wonderland, the boats and the artist in the park. What I love most is seeing the real deal i see in the movies in person!
What a beautiful place to bike walk or buggy ride truly need a few days to see all of the beauty
An oasis in the middle of the city, Central Park is a must see. There is so much to do here, and if you feel like taking it easy you can do that too. It can be a little hard to find your way around so make sure you have a map or cellphone handy.
Dear Central Park, You have no idea how excited I was when I moved in next door to you. I imagined that I would be with you every day because you are always there for me, and you never talk back. I would be with you morning, noon, and night. ...well, sort of. I love the fact that I can walk one whole block and I'm on Central Park West ready to jog into the Park and take any number of loops depending on how ambitious I'm feeling. Your strategically placed transverses, and overall bike and pedestrian friendly regulations, make you an apt running environment. If I'm feeling especially ambitious (read: insane), I can take a jaunt above the 102nd transverse for some lovely hill workouts just in case, you know, I want to make sure my heart can still function at 1200 bpm. Oh, and "cardiac hill"? I don't like you, or the fact that you constantly show your ugly face in my NYRR races. I have to face you again in two weeks time during mile 1 of that race. Can't wait to walk (e.g. run) all over you again. Oh, and Central Park? I could also do without the tourist and horse-drawn carriage epicenter in your southern, um, parts. Especially when I'm running a 10K race on a hot day and some of them get the brilliant idea to try and cut across the race right in front of me...not to mention the, erm, "smell" that we passed through. But it's okay, we all have our faults. Central Park, I was with you during the epic "tear all the trees down" storm of 2009. I mourned for you, but I can see from all of the construction and fences that you're on the mend. There are now places again to sit and chat, or just to walk around with that special someone. You'll get better. Trust me. Yes, I'm leaving you. But I'll come back whenever there's an NYRR race that I'm registered for! We have memories. Lots of memories. It'll be okay, you'll see. We'll see each other again! Sincerely, me
Yes, I am reviewing this.  Really!  I know, it's 5 stars, and whoever disagrees should be burned at the stake, crucified, stoned, etc etc.   But I wanted to write this because CP just makes me enjoy the outdoors that much more.  I ran for 50 minutes here, which is the most I've ever run straight.  Not that it is amazing, but, usually I get bored/tired/lazy after a mile running.  But while running through here, it just makes me want to run more.  The serenity in the busiest place in the world is intoxicating, and the runner's high you get when running comes much faster/longer here than normal.   Also, when I was running, I passed some half marathoners during the run.  The small bit of info was that they've been running for 1hr35min, while I was only on minute 35.  But, who cares about the small details???  =D
What can I say? I've experience the good, the bad, the touristy, the serene, the noisy, and numerous other feelings and emotions here. The cross section of what maybe a good representative of what is the heart of NYC. Where else are you going to see all the walks of life, the crossings of age, race, culture, harmony, mystery and danger all rolled into the same place?
New yorkers are always looking for their piece of the outdoors and this oasis provides it. Lots of trees, grass, performers, kids running around and lovers inappropriately interacting in the park. Accessible from the East or West side and surrounded by museums, Central Park is a must visit for tourists and locals alike.
It's pretty here and there's always something to see and space to relax.
Truly an urban oasis! Who would have thought you could see nature and wildlife right in the middle of one of the largest metropolis's in the world. No matter the season, there is so much to do and cover in Central Park, and you can actually do a bit of hiking. Although the best season to go is in the springtime (April - May)
I've only scratched the surface of the park.  But one day I'd like to spend a whole day (or two) walking the entire park from one end to the other and one side to the other side.  That's my goal for my next trip.
Wish I could put up a tent and live at central park! This park is the most amazing park I have ever been too. My favorite place is to climb the rocks near the children's playground and lay there looking at all the tall buildings and watching the children play. I was here recently with a group of friend and we had the most relaxing time. We took pictures and just relaxed. There were kids playing baseball in the fields, children being chased by their parents because they did not want to leave, and couples walking around holding hands. I wish I would of been able to play at the park when I was younger. It seems super fun. The park is extremely big. They have people offering bike rides, horse rides and other tours. There are a lot of stations selling ice cream and face painting. The weather was perfect on Saturday. Every time I visit NYC I always make sure to visit central park. It is beautiful.
What more can I say?  Besides Riverside Park, there is no other park in NYC that can compare to Central Park.  You could spend a whole afternoon walking around the park.  Plenty of benches to sit on and people watch, or sprawl out on the Great Lawn.  I have been here many times but still have not travelled the entire park (especially above 81st St.) and see something new each time.  Lots of beautiful flowers, trees, and street performers to look at.
One of the most gorgeous spots in New York!  Escape from the hussle and bussle of the New Yorks Streets and experience lucious landscaping, shady paths, and historical landmarks.  I knew Central Park was huge, but I didn't realize how many activities there are to do.  To get the most from Central Park: wear sneakers!!!  We walked about half of the west side of Central Park and my feet were so sore from my sandals.
Aww yeah, this place is nice!
Central Park is an emerald jewel shining against the steel and concrete back drop of New York City. It is the queen of all city parks; beautiful, majestic, and grand. Just walking the width takes 15 minutes. There are hundreds of attractions inside the park such as statues, fountains, bridges, trails, etc. If you want to explore the park in a timely and efficient manner, I highly recommend biking. There are designated bike lanes and it enables quicker travel times in order to get to all the cool spots. I would also love to picnic here one day. For those with allergies, the park can get pretty crazy in the spring. Bring lots of allergy meds! My favorite season to visit, however, is the fall. The park turns into a golden wonderland and it's absolutely gorgeous, especially with the falling leaves... I could spend days here. I love this park.
There are so many wonderful events in Central Park, from jazz and classical concerts all summer long, to storytelling and poetry reading, to walking tours -- just too many to name, so check out their schedule:   centralparknyc.org/activ… My favorite walking tour is Manhattan Adirondacks, which takes you over streams, under arches, through the woods along a maze of pathways in a 38-acre woodland respite. The tour takes approx. one hour.  (Wednesday, June 7, 1:00 pm; Sunday, June 18, 2:00 pm and Saturday, June 24, 1:00 pm)  Meet at the Charles A. Dana Discovery Center.
Recently found out that you can rent a bike near the park and ride through the park which is what we did.  It's a 6 mile loop which is very doable; however, there are plenty of hills.  That was a surprise.  One hill is called the Great Hill; however it was more like Killer Hill to me.  It just went on and on. Thought about getting off and pushing my bike, but a little girl was pedaling up the hill so I had to keep going. The park is wonderful.  We were able to see so much more being on bikes. We also came back on foot on another day, and soaked in some more.
This place is huge!! I didn't get to see all of it, only a small portion but what I did see will forever be etched in my mind. My favorite part was renting a row boat in Central Park. We bought our picnic at Zabar's and ate our scrumptious fare while floating around and taking in the beautiful surroundings. Lovely, relaxing, romantic...a very memorable time in Central Park. I will come back one day to experience and discover the great and even unexpected things in this wonderful park.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Central Park. If you are a tourist, this is a must. It's truly beautiful. If you are looking for peace, look for the Ramble or the North Woods. Unlike other reviews, I do NOT feel like this in escape from the city. Rather, this is a green city within the greater city of NYC. Look out for street performers Afrobats and Thoth.
It's a great place for an easy stroll, stop to watch a street entertainer, take a boatride on the lake and basically forget you are in the middle of one of the busiest cities in the world
Truthfully one of the most peaceful and serene places in a madhouse city. I absolutely feel relaxed every time I step from the 79th east side entrance by the Met. Joggers, dog walkers, baby strollers and picnickers is what makes this place the bliss it is. I love that this park is filled such things as stories with statues, golf course, romantic rowing pond and a kids zoo. If you visit everyday, you may live a longer life.
If i can describe this place in one word: MAGNIFICENT!!!!!
Haikus inspired by Central Park This park is so huge Horse and carriage ride was fun Historic landmark Art, flora, fauna Paradise in the city Let's go ice skating
central park... I LOVE YOU! 1. thank you for a magical childhood 2. could not be more beautiful 3. so big best place ever.
Central Park is one of my favorite places in the whole world. As a runner I love exploring it - I feel like with every run I find a new hidden corner. It is so peaceful, beautiful, just amazing. If I had a trust fund I would live on Central Park West and wander around the park every single day. Since I do not have a trust fund I will just come to the park to run, ride, walk, and sit whenever I possibly can.
fantastic!! you really need a whole day here to really explore! i only managed half of central park when i went, but thought it was lovely! well worth a visit.
Amazing place. Basketball courts. Art. Food
Absolutely the most beautiful park I've ever seen!  Who would expect, that right in the middle of one of the busiest, most urban cities of the country, lies a giant, green haven to explore and enjoy.  Visiting Central Park was the very first thing I did on my first trip to NYC.  I was blown away by the beautiful landscaping, stunning views, and sights this park has to offer.  You can easily spend hours, if not, days exploring the entire park; especially if you hit up the Met or Museum of Natural History. There are plenty of paths to bike, jog, or take a leisure stroll on.  If you're feeling super touristy or all mushy and romantic, you can even get pulled along in a horse-drawn carriage.  Shoot, you can even row yourself around the lake if you want.  It's $12 for the first hour and $3 for every 15 minutes after. There's plenty to see and do for all ages.  There's the zoo for the kiddos (and kids at heart).  The grassy areas scattered throughout the park are ideal for a lot of things... you can bust out a good book, have a picnic, daydream, or just veg out.  If you're feeling pasty white, you can plant yourself on a nice plot of grass and soak up some sun... I never saw so many people plopped out on beach towels, swimsuits and all, with no beach in sight.  If you are drawn to entertainment, there always seems to be something going on (street performers, musicians, artists etc).  You an even go running around to find all the different locations filmed in movies and tv shows. The list of things to do here can go on forever.  In fact, I'll just stop now and let you do the exploring yourself.  So if you're in the city, do not leave without a visit to Central Park!  It's my favorite place in NYC, and can quite possibly become yours.
"If the path is beautiful, let us not ask where it leads." ~ Anatole France Central Park is probably one of the most romantic places, well aside from Paris.  Nothing beats Paris!  I've been to CP, a couple of times, the first time was during the Fall and I remember the amber leaves and brisk weather.  I didn't have a chance to wander about because I mostly sat on a bench with one of my besties, as we reminisced down memory lane-- I believe that was 7 years ago.  The second time I was here, I was able to walk through the park and just enjoy the day. I was stopped by one of those artists on the street, who asked me if I wanted a portrait of myself.  I was adamantly against it, such a tourist thing to do, but I thought, "you know what, why not?"  I'll never have this opportunity again.  Sitting there, as people stared at me, was really uncomfortable.   I felt like I was baring my soul.  Some stared at me for at least 5 minutes, then at the portrait and would make pleasant comments, or just nod in approval.  I had a nice family from Argentina come up to me and we chatted for a moment about their two girls-- who happened to be on spring break and were visiting NY for the first time.  They were lovely people.   After getting my portrait done, I wandered inside the park, first over the walkway to take pictures, then inside to where the pond lies.  I sat down, took out my ipod and spent an hour listening to music.  From where I sat, I saw a line of horse carriages and thought, "that would be really awesome to ride."  But, I've been on horse carriage rides (when I was in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina); thus, decided to forgo it.   I'm looking forward to CP in the winter...I think it'll be so beautiful to see the snow-capped trees and feel the slushiness of the ice beneath my feet.
No words can describe Central Park.
The jewel of NY.
A perfect place to spend an afternoon in NYC!
I FORGET I'M IN THE CITY WHEN I'M IN CENTRAL PARK. There is so much to do at the park. Different activities depending on the season (eg. skate at wollman rink during winter and enjoy the victorian gardens during summer). They hold so manh events, each visit is a different experience but it's always a good one. Tons of playgrounds and wide green spaces, pick your spot! Lots of street performers and very crowded during weekends. I never knew how much I could love this park even more until I saw it in fall - BEAUTIFUL! What else do I need to say? You need more than a day to see and discover the beauty and secrets of central park. But it only takes seconds to love it and find it's charm.
Dear C.P., Between; -Your fall foliage that always changes right before my September birthday, -The many picnics I've taken on your lawns -The New Year's midnight Marathon that invites me to drink and laugh publicly at runners -The many playgrounds I've explored as a child (and still now as a drunken adult), -My favorite musuem; the Met, that rests within your confines - and the Loeb Boathouse, where I will prolly have my wedding reception (if I can afford it), I love you. Don't ever change Always, Me
Love, love, love it here. Weather it be Spring, Summer, Winter or Fall, nothing beats a walk through Central Park!
My favorite place in the entire world... hobos hiding in bushes and all.
Belvedere Castle is a must see!!! Nice view of the Central Park and the surrounding areas.
Visiting the Metropolitan Museum or the Museum of Natural History? 79th and Fifth avenue entrance or 81st and Central Park West park entrance, you will be near some of the best parts of Central Park! Short(ish) and not exhaustive list moving in a zig zag North to South: Delacorte Theater (2 summer evening productions of Shakespeare outdoors - standby line tickets, daily online lottery or become a summer supporter for reserved seats - publictheater.org) Turtle Pond - dragonflies, turtles, waterfowl Belvedere Castle - park maps available Shakespeare Garden Great Lawn Conservatory Water - radio operated sailboats near 74th and Fifth - and Alice statue to North. The Ramble - birdwatching Boating Lake - rowboat rentals and Boathouse Cafe. Bethesda Fountain Bow Bridge Sheep Meadow Le Pain Quoitidien outdoor Cafe South of Strawberry Field. Elm Walk Carousel - around 65th street mid park. Zoos - main behind armory building on Fifth and 64th street and petting zoo to north (paid admissions). Mechanical clock just outside the main zoo to NE on hour and half hour. Children's playgrounds are dotted throughout the park usually close to either CPW or Fifth Avenue and near pedestrian entrances. Ballfields also dotted throughout - need to reserve those spaces, competition is fierce for the spots, the play is friendly and fun to watch. Wollman Rink (iceskating winter all ages - summer amusement park - paid admission good for 5 to 10 age set. Additionally- Bike Rentals near boathouse, Bikes ridden on roadways, not pedestrian paths. Entire Park is a No Smoking Zone- fresh air and the scent of growing things are important qualities of having the Park experience for all. Dog owners are mostly respectful and clean up after their animals, lawns are mostly safe to sit on.
What more can you say about this amazing gem in NYC. As a child I spent almost everyday walking, playing, bike riding and getting into trouble here. Remember when there were rock and roll concerts down at the skating rink? Seeing groups like The Cars, Blondie, Steven Stills and so many more who were hot at that time could not be beat. Those were the days when no area was fenced off and you had full access to it all. My high school had no gym so the park was our gym. Just imagine having class out in such a beautiful place. Senior year we spent all night on the great lawn so we could get front area seats for Elton John. Can not beat those days. Central Park is a must for every New Yorker to experience. Are you experienced?
Ms. Golden Gate Park, Watch out now! Ms. Central Park came to win! I thought Ms. Golden Gate Park had curves and personality but then I met Ms. Central Park. Now that is personality. There is always something to do in this park as Leslie D. wrote in her review 3/14. But what I liked the most was nature feel in the middle of an industrial climate. Thank you Ms. Central Park for a great date, I mean day. I really enjoyed the waffles and dingles!
I find it out to write a review of Central Park...it's like writing a review for New York itself, my review isn't going to change anyone's mind about whether to go or not based on my review...it's the PARK - it's the heart of NYC. But regardless, I'll tell you why I like it so damn much.  Growing up in the burbs of Boston, I had green things everywhere in my life, trees, lawns, golf courses,etc.  Now, I love NYC, but I definitely need an infusion of green into my life even now and again and CP definitely breathes fresh air into my lungs and fills my soul with mounds of spiritual chlorophyll.   One of my favorite things to do is one sunny spring afternoon, pull up a bench in the shade around the Great Lawn and just watch humanity pass you by.  You'll get to see the melting pot of the city pass in front of you and hear the symphony of all races and classes walking together in peace.  Very very relaxing, and it's a great place to do some writing, creative or econ thesis-y
I ABSOLUTELY LOOOOVVVVVVE Central Park. It is a beautiful park filled with all sorts of people.  You can do yoga, Thai chi, walk, run, play sports, relax, make out....just about anything in central park!!!!!! The park is huge but is so relaxing to walk in.  Also, they have the skating rink that was in the movie Serendipity.  I recommend taking the bike tours.  They show you all the "hot" spots while at the same time taking you all over central park.  Oh, and down the street, there is a place where you can rent bikes.  If you are with a friend or "lovah" you can rent double bikes. These are so so so much fun! Enjoy!
Awed hayseeds and pretentious New York assholes alike will enjoy this little haven in the middle of the big city. Where else can Park Avenue plastic surgery Frankenstein monsters, overpaid Wall Street dickheads and all manner of miscellaneous city freaks rub elbows with dumbstruck mid-westerners, wandering hordes of Japanese tourists and school groups in matching t-shirts? Catch a bass in the lake, find used condoms in the bushes, go for a run or take a carriage ride with one of many emotionally broken horses forced to cart your fat ass around day and night. The park is a utopia! Enjoy it!
I'm not sure how this has escaped me to write a review about this place.  I've been a few times now love how picturesque it is.  I like the bridges and I like how it's not completely flat and glimpses of water here and there.  Yeah, it's ]scary at night (beware) - but people have to take it in the perspective of how sometimes the larger something is the more possibilities there are for the place, which can be both positive and negative depending on how you choose to see it. At day there seems to be plenty of things to enjoy out here - whether it's ice skating, playing all kinds of sports, taking kids to play in the park, going on a picnic, taking a stroll, going for a run, sleeping, people watching, or eating at the cafe.  There's a gift shop here, and I've seen a photo shoot going on.  Of course there's lots of trees and hiding places from under bridges and other areas where you can be a target especially at night.  Regardless of where you are, it's important to be aware of your surroundings, but don't let it take away from appreciating the beauty of it as well.
The park is fantastic! Loved the water park area. need to go back and explore more!
Oh Central Park how I miss you! I miss my walks through the park under the tunnels, through the trees, on top of the rocks and down your paths!!  I miss watching the ducks and the silly bird mating techniques! The best is during the summer when the ever-so-cool "roller derby" is in full effect!  DJ's spinning good house music, people with there old-school roller skates on, their boom boxes and super short, shorts dancing around the DJ booth!!  Now THAT, is a site to see.  People crowded around and watch for hours on end.  And why wouldn't they?  It's one of the coolest things to watch in Central Park! I'm a fan of the local artists and jewelers who bring their work to show and sell in the park!  Truly, one-of-a-kind there.  I'm not so much a fan of the horse-drawn carriages, but hey...they ain't goin' away!  They're cool, but the owners and drivers need to pay attention to the needs of their horses...and ESPECIALLY on those HOT days over 90!! You are truly the HEART of NYC and I miss you so!!  No replacement in the world of parks baby!! I *heart* you!
A huge NY staple. Tons to do and see. My only hesitancy to go there is the fact that it is overrun with people, specifically tourists. Nothing against tourists, as the city needs their spending, but if I want to go relax I want to be as far away from tourists as possible. Highly recommend renting a bike around the are and biking around the park. Only takes 45min or so, is a great workout and you see a lot more than you normally would.
i love central park. it's like being in a dream. i love being in the middle of it, looking around and not even being able to tell you're in the middle of Manhattan. can't see the buildings, can't hear the traffic. just me and central park.
I love sitting outdoors on the lawn. Central Park is so big that you can find almost anything to do here. Rent a bike or rowboat. Or just sit on the Great Lawn and soak up the sun.
Wonderful Park! Great.. Please visit :)
There is absolutely nothing wrong with this park! It has sooo much green and space for people to lay out and rest on. It is definitely very well kept and a relaxing place to be. Whether you want to go for a jog, bike ride, have a picnic, tan, read, this park is the perfect place to be. It's big enough where you won't feel crowded and there's people everywhere.
Pros: Massive urban Oasis, romantic horse rides, beautiful bike routes, great jogging routes, borders many "distinctive" parts of the city - Harlem, 5th ave, museums, columbus circle, and more. Cons: Don't wander deep into the park(shrouded areas)when it becomes dark. (stay on the outskirts if possible) The park has it's own "precinct" but you will almost never see cops patrolling. This "precinct' is known for being laid back and considered as a "cush" job - even though many stuff happens in park - especially this big. There are several roads that allows cars that literally "fly" through the park, so watch out.
It's pretty awesome... and I'm writing this mostly to turn the review count from 666 to 667 :D And as you can see from the picture, you may randomly visit on a day where there's dudes doing crazy shit on trampolines
Central Park is maybe the most unique park I have been to and I have been to them in about 15 states. I think what makes Central Park unique is the energy. When I was a teenager I spent a few summer vacations in the Park since I didn't have any money to go any where. I can't possibly cover all that Central Park offers without writing a book. So I will stick to the things I have done. There is the Great Lawn, The Carousel, Belvedere Castle,rollerblading and rollerblading classes, horse back riding and the Riverdale Equestrian Center offers riding tours of Central Park and there are trails so you can do your own tour along the bridle paths of Central Park and the paths are 6 miles long. There are also canoe lessons with the Urban Park Rangers as well and it is no joke. I did it and my arms were sore for a week. If you live here life might be unbearable without Central Park and as a visitor I think a visit would take you 2 days to see all the park has to offer and to experience the unique energy in Central Park.
This can only summarize one of the most incredible places in the city, let alone the country, maybe the world. If you ever feel like you've run out of things to do in the city, then you probably need to get real, grow up, and expand yourself. Not only is Central Park one of the most beautiful places, which offers a vacation right in Manhattan, it has an abundance of resources providing endless activities. For example, a couple of years ago I participated in Navy Seal PT bootcamp for one week, which through grueling activities way too early in the morning, opened up my mind to the beauty of the parks many bodies of water, fields, botany, public activities, and hidden treasures. Following this adventure of pushups, running, crawling in sand volleyball courts and such, I decided to get my running shoes on and jog the 6 mile loop around the perimeter. Starting at 59th and 5th near FAO Schwartz and the Plaza, I directed myself uptown to start. On this course one may traverse by the wonderful Central Park Zoo's sea lion display, self proclaimed artists painting portraits, volleyball courts, dancing rollerskating hippies, Sheep's Meadow sun bathers, boaters in the lake by the Boathouse restaurant, more sunbathers under white blossoming trees by the Met, softball on the great lawn, the reservoir on your left and Guggenheim Museum your right, harlem woods, kids on bikes with jeans too low as you cross 100th street, wind around head west up and down hills as more lakes come into view, head south as the bridal paths line the west side runway, the reservoir again, Great Lawn, Belvedere Castle, people young and old alike with puppies picnicking atop rocks and flatlands, Sheep's Meadow people playing frisbee, wiffle ball, and throwing footballs, Wollman's rink amusement park in the summer and ice skating in the winter, horse and buggies lining the southern edge entrance wondrously lakeside by another pond and endless colors of blossoming springtime; a list that should probably continue tenfold. Go for a walk, a run, a bike ride, or just to chill in the sun. Doesn't even feel like the city but then you look up and see our incredible skyline on the horizon. The warm weather brings euphoria and feel good sensations to our most incredible city that people all over the world dream of.
its just an over sized park with an ugly lake in the middle...they make it seem so magnificent in the movies! yeaaaaah right...for me it was a pain in the butt to get from uptown to downtown...half way through the walk I was thinking to myself..this park is nothing special...so i cabbed it. nothing to really see...
For those who haven't been to New York and think the city is nothing more than a concrete jungle from all the pictures, movies and TV shows, they couldn't be more wrong and Central Park is a shining example of how wrong that assumption is. You can totally forget you're in the city once you get far enough away from the streets. It's one of the things that make this city so amazing, there is so much to see and do here that you need to devote at least a day just to see the highlights. It's not just the scenery that makes this park so special, it's also the people and the energy here. From the kids playing in the playgrounds to the people walking around enjoying the day or just sitting and taking it all in, it's so peaceful and happy that you really have to slow down and take time to enjoy what this place has to offer. You'll be glad you did.
Frederick Law Olmsted, you sir, are a genius. I cannot think of any other park that has a better design. I love how it is laid out. Even if Central Park were a crime-infested wasteland now, I'd have to give this place 4 stars due to the memories it has provided. Thankfully Central Park is neither of those, and is still a peaceful, relaxing mecca.
As if central park needs more reviews, but here's my two cents: Yes, it's HUGE. Every time I go here, I manage to stumble into an area I haven't been before. I love that there is plenty of grassy and shady areas to sit or lay out away from annoying people (i.e. tourists.) It's a great place to get lost and walk around with the hubby all day, and it's gorgeous there no matter what season it is. Oh, and it's a good place to drink occasionally on warm nights (if you stay off the paths.) Not that I've done that or anything. Only down side is bathrooms are like unicorns here... mythical.
it's kind of fun to read reviews about central park.  of course you have to give it 5 stars - it's one of the best city parks in the world.  growing up in the 80's the park was not nearly as nice as it is today.  it is super clean, easy to get lost in (in a good way), the facilities are all in working order and the grass and trees look great.  the tennis courts are a zoo, but where else can you play for $7 an hour in Manhattan.  that's right, nowhere.    oh, and the zoo itself is a zoo, but much fun.   i like to bike around the loop - it's fun in the summer dodging clueless tourists and even more crazy cyclers.  And on the weekdays when half the park has car traffic - riding in the narrow running lanes and trying to squeeze past runners, walkers, taxis and horsedrawn carriages.  sometimes i think it's safer riding on fifth avenue in heavy traffic.
I wish every city, most specifically the ones I have lived in or live in, had a park like this.  It was beautiful with so much going on.  I ran the 6 mile loop perimeter and feel like there was still so much more to see.
last saturday was my first time. this is the original staycation from the city. eclectic and awesome. my new love. sorry i have not experienced it sooner.
There are 7 things to know about Central Park that people don't always seem to know about for some reason: 1.  Strawberry Fields (Imagine Memorial for John Lennon):  Definite stop-by spot and they also do the annual John Lennon memorial where everyone gathers to sing Beatles songs.   2.  Belvedere Castle:  Seriously, there is this like historical mini fortress-looking castle located in Central Park which we discovered accidentally.  Requires some climbing of stairs and what not and has a museum-like component. 3.  Central Park Conservatory:  A garden within the park with a well-known annual fundraising benefit.   4.  Boating in Central Park:  Yes, you can rent a canoe and boat around in Central Park.  You can also pick the more expensive option where they have someone on staff row for you and you just lay back and pretend you are in Italy I suppose. 5.  6 mile loop:  Yes, a 6 mile run around central park loved by runners and bikers alike, and also a spot where they do the annual much longer ING marathon which bring serious runners from all over the world. 6.  Summer Stage Concerts:  Free concerts with the biggest artists from all different genres and they have a lot of food stands set up.   Key seems to be getting there early as most of the concerts are not ticketed.   7.  Shakespeare in the Park:  Free plays during the Summer usually with the leads played by famous movie stars, but can be a nuisance to get tickets.  Definite must-do once experience though.  It isn't the Globe Theatre, but it is outdoors. 8.  Turtle Pond:  There are actual turtles in there.  No joke.
New York would be a different city without Central Park.  To borrow from Srini V., it would be like a donut without a hole in it.  To take it further, it would be like a person without a hole in it, a busy organism with no means of release. The place is beautiful, just acres and acres of woody wonder in the middle of our nation's most populated city.  It's a boon to every New Yorker, a free place to walk and ponder or pass time with friends.  The people watching is fun, and the dog watching even better.  The various summer events are also a great attraction.  I watched the New York Philharmonic last summer, and while the acoustics weren't great and the event ended in a rainstorm, my friends and I had a great picnic during which I saw my first firefly. As a Californian, I do find it a little ridiculous how readily New Yorkers whip out the bikinis and the backne with no sand or water in sight.  Still, I envy New York Central Park, and I have to concede that my native Los Angeles offers nothing quite like it.
Pure definition of CONCRETE JUNGLE. Before NY, I actually visited the equivalent in Munich, Germany. Have to say, central park doesn't hold a light (in size) to Germany. The only upper hand Germany may have is the beer garden in the middle! Would have given it a full fledged 5 stars but it gets nicked on the fact I screwed up my ankle by walking THE WHOLE THING. Yup, know its a bone head move but we walked from one end to the other (LONG-WAYS) and couldnt walk for nearly 2 days after (did i mention I was on a flight to Spain that day too). Seriously, this place should come with a warning as to how MASSIVE it actually is! Well since we did walk the whole thing, I can say, the park has just about everything (well, except that beer garden, lol)
Ah, I wish we could just stay here all day every day. Lucky are the people who can come here frequently. Next time I am in New York (or if I have 8-10 hours between my flights) this is the place. So peaceful... So beautiful...So not from the earth place where you forget everything and just relax! Miss it already.
Cental Park! Yep, Central Park is awesome. To be honest forget hanging out near 54th street where Central Park begins. Too many tourists, too many horse carriages, and way too smelly. Walk far down to 70th, 80th, 90th, 100th street to fully enjoy Central Park. So much to do here. So much to enjoy at Central Park.
Best park in all of nyc.  Hands down.  Just so much to do and see that you can go here every day and still find something different to do.  Playing football, ultimate frisbee, softball, and soccer are all great options while the parks to play in are in really good shape.  Or you could have a picnic in the open areas or just walk your dog.  Running is always a great option, especially around the large body of water.  Or just get someone to draw a picture of you or just find a nice rock to climb.  That is always a lot of fun.  There are a couple of buildings to see while there's a carrousel that shouldn't be missed.  You also have to make it to the zoo at least a couple of times in your lifetime.  Great animals and great fun.  Always try to get a warm pretzel from a stand if you find yourself there on a cold winter day while the automated toy boats are a great thing to play with on a blustery autumn day or on a hot summer's day.  There are also so many playgrounds here that any kid could have fun at any park, and I remember all the good times on these unique playgrounds.  This is the greatest place to spend the day in all of nyc.  Ice skating in the winter is awesome too while there are amusement parks here at times when the weather is nice enough.  Enjoy the greatest treasure in new york where you're sure to enjoy yourself.
After I brought my macaroons I went to Central Park to view The Obelisk which is closed for renovations. How awful.  But the macaroons made up for it. Glad I only brought 6.
Yes...I love you Central Park...but I am not in love with you. Yes you are fine looking...so green and lush...so much to do and so much to see...I find myself often thinking about you at work or school. The way you smell on a lovely summer day or how cool you look in the winter. You do have many...and I mean many other lovers...hundreds...maybe thousands of visitors inside of you daily. Oh but I do not ever get jealous...I know you are New York City's backyard...and people love visiting your backyard...hell I frequent it quite often myself. You often ask me, does my lawn look too big in this park? I say no way, I am a lawn man dammit. I like a big lawn and you have a big lawn...yes you do...a very big lawn...baby got grass!  All kidding aside we both know your lawn is amazing. Unfortunately though you get 4 stars...no wait...don't be upset...please you had to have realized that when you met me I had another love...who I met first and still see to this day...and thats Prospect Park in my borough of Brooklyn. Yes there can be room for both you and Prospect Park...but I live with her and well you are more of a friend with benefits. It is great to visit you when she isn't around and I have a day in the city alone with you. But that last star...that 5th star unfortunately is not going to happen. Oh wait whats that? Oh yeah I forgot...I saw an amazing concert with you in 2003. Alright...you win...5 stars it is! I'm such a pushover...just don't tell you know who.
This review is for the GREAT LAWN in Central Park, more so the event that occurred on it. How is grass so green, first of all? Crasy. So after almost 4 months after the Black Eyed Peas Robinhood concert cancellation (due to potential lightening, not 100F weather or later rain), the party was finally getting started! Sweet! To say tonight was a good good night is beyond understatement. Imagine winning 4 tickets among hundreds of thousands for a incredible show, finally going months later, and ending up FRONT ROW, 2 meters from center, and having the time of your life amongst 60,000 people... It eventually rained on us but couldn't stop the party. And at the VERY END, after the encore, it POURED. Where is the LOVE, Mother Nature? Where is the LOVE???
Who doesn't love Central Park?  It's a feast for the eyes!  So much to see.  So much to do.  I can think of nothing better to do on a nice day than to walk around Central Park.
Stroll through certain walkways of this immense green forest, and you'll almost (but because it's New York, won't completely) forget you're in the middle of one of the greatest, larger-than-life cities of the world. Seeing all of the families, tourists, couples, and picnickers intermingle on a sunny afternoon--- what a treat for the soul and the senses.
a wonderful magical place
One of my favorite places in New York City! The hustle and bustle of the city is calming in this natural setting. There is always something to do and a great place to people watch!
The hotel I was staying at in NYC was right across the street from Central Park. Our first day there we decided to walk through the entire thing all the way from Cathedral/110 to Times Square. I think it was about a 7 mile walk total and took the greater half of the day. Our trek through the park was interesting though. There were a lot of cute dogs and squirrels. Some food carts along the way. The landscape is beautiful. Lots of ponds, lakes, with the skyline in the backdrop. The pond was frozen over which is something us west-coasters don't get to see ever. It seems like a very tranquil park even though its the center of such a busy city. It looks like a great place to go for a run, and there is tons of recreational space for sports.
Come to escape the madness that is in NYC The one piece of "nature" that is still does not have a mall in it... Yay for semi-clean air
I do my marathon training in the park and I love it! At a little more than 6 miles around and so many different spots to explore this place is with out a doubt, one of the best parks in the world. You find almost every kind of person here doing their thing: walking, running, biking, playing some ball, walking a dog, doing a picnic, catching a tan, listening to some music, seeing a show, you name it, it's here. And I think like most of us "New Yorkers" who "live" in the park, you will create your own great moments to remember and bring you back!
Of course, any Yelp review could not give Central Park justice.  A beautiful park paradise in the middle of a big city, provides a great place for a lovely walk with a skyline view.  I can't really say more... this is my very favorite place in New York!
New York City is a beautiful, friendly and vibrant city that is hard not to love, and compared to many places, residents and those of us visiting (like myself) I think inherently tend to run at a faster pace here.  That's part of NYC charm in my opinion. Central Park as a result is a wonderful, relaxing change of pace when you need it.  This park is absolutely huge, if you think it looks big from on top of Rockefeller center (which gives awesome up high views of the park) you won't believe just how large it is when you visit it for real.  There is everything here, from lakes with boating, play areas for kids, quiet tranquil areas to get some shade under the gorgeous trees that adorn the park, plenty of benches to sit on, fountains, statues, exhibits, bike rentals, horse and carriage rides even restaurants that serve beer!  What more could you want in a park?  It's a great place for exercise and you see a lot of people jogging/running here or just taking a relaxing walk.  If I lived in NYC I suspect I would come here a lot. On top of that, the park is really well kept and very clean and tidy and there are helpful staff to guide you when you're new to NYC and want to find a certain attraction. Central Park also contains Strawberry fields, a tribute to John Lennon, for any Beatles fan this is a must come to part of the park and actually quite emotional.  I think it's great this was built as a way to remember him. There is nothing but good things I can say about Central Park and thus it gets an easy and well deserved five star rating from me.
If you read my other reviews, you'll notice that I love parks.  So it comes as no surprise that I love Central Park. I mean, come on, it has everything you could ever want in a park, open grass areas to play sports, spots to lay out or throw the frisbee, beautiful running paths, roads to bike on, trees to climb (and watch foliage), food vendors, it even has bouldering (small and bird-shit covered as it may be).  This park, like this city, has it all.
So, five stars if it's empty and three when it's full.  My husband mocks me because I'm only interested in going to the Park when the weather is crappy.  I used to spend a lot of time in the (empty) Park in the winter, so I would get upset when the masses descended on it in the summer.   I've always had a thing against fair weather fans.
I absolutely love Central Park! It's huge and beautiful, and if I lived in NYC I would probably go here as often as I could.  The paths, benches, and landscapes make Central Park such a nice place to go for a walk.  I thought it would take about 20 minutes to walk the width of the park, but I ended up getting lost, and a kind and helpful volunteer gave me a map so I could reach Strawberry Fields.  So it took me about an hour to walk from one side to the other lol.  I didn't mind at all though, I saw the Alice in Wonderland statues, the boat pond, a really nice fountain and lake... I wish I had more time in NYC so I could have seen more of Central Park.
i now present, review #300.  of course, it's got to be a running-related review. when i used to live on the upper west side, i used to run in this park 3-4 times per week.  there are just so many different loops, paths, and landmarks to run past, i would never got bored.  if i ever needed a more challenging workout, i could do hill repeats on strawberry hill or run through harlem hill several times.  there are always other runners in the park, no matter the time of day, so you're never really alone.  there are also local races taking place throughout the year, almost every weekend, with distances ranging from 5k to half marathon.  i absolutely love this park and what it has to offer, especially for running/fitness enthusiasts. other things this park has to offer: *boathouse (with boat rentals) *bandshell (performances during the warmer months) *baseball/softball fields *tennis courts *ice skating rink (winter time) *and many kid-friendly activities a nyc landmark that is not to be missed whether you are a local or tourist!!
I love walking around and seeing all the movie and TV locations, of which there are many.  I feel like I'm walking in a film museum.
Central park is so beautiful...and the POINT is to get lost there - unlike what some other yelper's who shall remain nameless believe, you should make a point to spend a bit of time in this park...don't be afraid to get a little lost! It's best to escape the more popular areas, like sheep meadow, and wander up to the very top of central park, where there are very beautiful and wooded areas. I recently found myself at the strawberrry fields area of the park, which I was pleasantly surprised with. I love the summerstage concert series, but wish people would be better about cleaning up after their pets. Pack a lunch, bring a blankie, settle in with a good book and share a bottle of wine with some friends...but make sure you bring plastic cups because they'll bust your ass...
Loved it! So famous and so pretty, it was great that the second we got here it started snowing and didn't stop until we left. Though it was windy and snowflaky, we had a fabulous walk through the park. Silly Californian I am, I was amazed thatso many people were out walking in the park. But I guess the weather wasn't as horrible as it can be. The snow formed a carpet on the grass after a bit and it was very beautiful. Will never forget it!
I LOVE CENTRAL PARK.........with the exception of the horse doodoo on the sidewalk.
You probably cannot make it through this entire Park unless you have days set  aside.  It's nice to see all the baseball diamonds, ice rinks, and activity going on here. Going into the Park you see break dancers, vendors, films shoots and much more! There is not much else I can say, the perfect 5 from everyone gives you an idea that you need to be here.
Check out belvedere castle
I live in New York, and I was thinking about the lagoon in Central Park, down near Central Park South. I was wondering if it would be frozen over when I got home, and if it was, where did the ducks go? I was wondering where the ducks went when the lagoon got all icy and frozen over. I wondered if some guy came in a truck and took them away to a zoo or something. Or if they just flew away. --The Catcher in the Rye I love Central Park more than almost anything in the world.
The greatest park in the universe, including heaven.  I said goodbye to New York, by waking up at 6am on Monday and ran up 3rd Ave from 42nd St to 96th Street and entered Central Park passing a statue of some Danish Sculpturer and then around the reservoir where Dustin Hoffman's marathon man character trained (only a mile or two around this reservoir)...after that, I lost myself through the many paths letting fate direct me past shakespeare garden, strawberry fields, the lake, and dare I say "the softball field"?  Instinctively the park spat me back onto 59th Street by the Apple Store and I melancholically headed back to my hotel to leave New York. About 6-7 miles of light running from 6am until 7:15am.  I really didn't want to leave New York.  I think I will be back as soon as possible.
We walked the perimeter, dodging a pedicab and tapping our fingers on the wall on the way home. Listened briefly to a performer. If we hadn't just walked all the museum wings, we would've strolled through for the full experience. Despite keeping our distance, a feeling of peace washed over me from visual proximity. Looking forward to a proper immersion next time I visit Rhowei.
As a huge fan of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", I was so happy to be back in Central Park on a lovely day.  My husband and I enjoyed walking the east side of Central Park through the zoo all the way up to the main lake. Museum Mile is the best experience.  Do NOT miss visiting Metropolitan Museum of Art.  It has something for everyone.  I especially love the photography.
Central Park is a must visit each time I'm in New York. Beyond the normal tourist spots like Strawberry Fields for the "Imagine" circle or Bow Bridge, there are many other hidden gems in this park. During my last visit, Ken L. and I decided to run through Central Park. What better way to see and explore the park and discover Alice in Wonderland's public art piece, the castle, and other areas with great views. I got so distracted by the sites that I wasn't even paying attention to how far I've run. We took the subway to Columbus Circle and started at the southern edge of the park and got a good 5 miles in. Can't wait to come back for another run during my next visit!
Central Park is awesome. This was the world's first designed urban park, opened in 1857, and has 843 acres of winding roads, grassy lawns, rivers, lakes, statues, and park benches. City traffic goes under the park, so you can walk from end to end without encountering a car. The best place to people watch is on the steps at Bethseda Fountain. The best place to sunbathe is the Sheep Meadow on the south end (and it's next to the great skyline). The best view public view of Central Park is from the rooftop cafe at the Met Museum of Art. The park gets less formal and less dense the further you move north, so my favorite spot is the Great Hill up by 104th Street. It's a little known peaceful place tucked away from the urban chaos of New York City. If you want urban chaos, go to SummerStage or Shakespeare in the Park during the summer.
This is a park that I could find something to do every season. I really love it here. I love being able to recognize a place from a movie. In turn, I love being able to say I've been there. My maiden voyage to the park with my husband was so memorable. We sat and watched the sailboats in the pond, walked hand in hand  along the sidewalks observing everthing Central Park had to offer. The views are spectacular from every angle. It has so much character and something for everyone. Can't wait to venture back.
Walked all 51 blocks or little over 3 miles of the park.  It is gorgeous, peaceful, and a great place to get a jog in, relax and take a nap, play a little, and/or just people watch.  Spring is beautiful with all the flowers and trees blooming.  The building surrounding the park provide a great contrast and irony to what is outside the park waiting for you.
I love this place.  I have gone to Shakespeare in the Park.  Remember, the lines are long, so you have to get here early.  I like lying on the rocks and staring at the sky.  I like going to visit the fountains and also seeing the motor sailboats operate in the small manmade pond.  I like to grab something like a panino at IL Bambino from Astoria and wonder my meal and myself on over here.  I enjoy grabbing a coconut ice cream from a vendor and walking around staring at the park, contemplating which museum I should visit.  I come here to read my magazines, my newspaper, and my books.  I love books!
One of my most favorite places in the whole wide world. Want to read a book? Play some soccer? Maybe you want to take some pictures? Or how about people watch? You can do all of it here. Its a place to go when you want to get lost, just because you can.
One of my favorite places to be in the city... This is prolly the one place Manhanttanites, BNTers, stateside tourists or foreign, the  young or old, the rich or poor, drug addicts and religious freaks alike can all enjoy together in perfect harmony. Central Park is the "GLUE" that holds this great city together. An 840-acre oasis stretched over 2.5-miles... the heart that pumps life and character into all who stroll its enchanting paths. One can just about find anything here... Open up your eyes and allow them to indulge on all the unique sites to see. And when you look up at the New York skyline rising up behind the trees, enclosing the park with the sun's rays sparkling off the ripples of the lake... You will realize in that moment that there is truly nothing else like this place. The park is definitely the place to be during the spring and summer seasons. Of course, that's not to say that fall and winter don't have their own irresistible charm. No matter what time of year it is, it's the perfect getaway from the hustle and bustle of the busy streets to just chill, lighting up a spliffity-spliff. Nap, paint / draw, have a picnic, run / stroll, or read with a Folgers in your cup... Whatever you decide to do here in the park, I assure you my friends that you will only find peace and happiness. Just beware of the horseshit...
Simply amazing! When I was in NY visiting a friend, I spent a whole day here just walking around taking photos of everything - the bridges, the architecture, the animals, the art. And even then, I feel that I didn't see or do everything. I love how Central Park is this verdant oasis in the middle of a concrete jungle - a place where businessmen take a leisurely stroll to relax, kids play, people jog. Someday, I hope that LA would be able to have something like this, but that may be an impossibility. Some highlights you should see: Bethseda Terrace, Alice in Wonderland, the Boathouse...just about anything south of the Reservoir.
Best park in the US, hands down.  I was scared to visit this place from what I heard about it being so scary.  So we went during the middle of the day in winter.  It was so beautiful! There was snow in the trees, ice skating in the middle, and just endless people walking around. It felt like a scene out of a movie.
I loveeeee this park. It's the essence of New York. I encourage you all to donate to the Conservatory. Make our park even more amazing!
Great for picnics with friends. Supposedly Sheeps' Meadow is designated picnic area but there is no shade to be seen! We like our picnic areas with shade under a tree. To tell you the truth, you can picnic anywhere that doesn't have prohibiting signage. Prepare to get lost if you don't follow a map or ask for directions. Wished there was a straight pathway connecting UWS and UES! If you're not in a rush, get completely lost with a stroll in the park! We saw Belvedere castle, the John Lennon "Imagine" in Strawberry Fields, small boat sailing by remote-control, real life boating areas, ...there's just too much to choose from!
I've had this on "Draft" since September of 2010... What can I say about this? This park is one of a kind. If this wasn't here NYC would be really shitty. You would have to go outside the city to to layback, relax and get some sun. Central Park is one of the most beautiful parks in NYC. It's also one of the most famous. Tons of movies have been filmed here and it has been featured in commercials. One scene sticks out. It's when a woman gets attacked beaten by a group of hooligans (yes I just used that word) with her boyfriend while walking at night... The Brave One starring the very Manly, Jodie Foster. All year round this park shows it's true beauty. In the Spring you see all the trees with new leaves, flowers blooming and the cold, crisp fresh air. The summer gives you the heat, free concerts and a great place to lay out and get a tan. Fall gives you the color of pumpkin pie. The leaves are golden as you walk past while the wind hits the trees and sends them to ground. Winter is one the most beautiful time of year. The park gets covered in snow (if we are lucky) and you see kids building snowmen and having snowball fights. Could you tell I love Central Park?
I'm making a 5 star NYC list and I'm thinking about all the places I take for granted, like museums, The Plaza and most importantly Central Park. I'd like to find my friend Pinks review and copy it word for word but I need to make it a Billy Salts joint.  Its a park for all of the people of the world to enjoy, its romantic, and the ultimate leisure time destination. Here are my thoughts about Central Park: -Barbra! I can walk from the park to The Plaza and see Hubbell standing on the steps and my honey saying, Your girl is lovely, Hubbell. (I'm getting all choked up right now..) -John Lennon - (and I'm the Yelp Duke of the Dakota thankyouveramuch) -Its the finish line of the New York City Marathon. -Romance - Harry & Sally! Where most movies are shot -Concerts  - in the park & Shakespeare in the Park -There are two ice skating rinks in the winter! Great places to take the kids like the Central Park Zoo, the sail boat pond and the Carousel (how many horses??) There is no other place like Central Park in the world. Its mine, its yours, Its ours.
I love the great lawn.  Crazy picnickers.  Mentally challenged kiters.  Children running toward danger and laughing.  And really, really, really questionable athletes all over.  I just can't stop smiling.
It is a nice park, but can hurt your feet running or walking through it after a while because it is big. Sometimes I see  food vendors selling stuff. I always see a lot of people running through it, so if you like a workout this is your place.
Biggest park I've ever been in my life.  So much to do here, so little time.  I think I can explore this whole park for a whole week I'm here and still have stuff left to do. Yes it's that big!
There is a lot to do in Central Park and one thing that separates it from other parks in other big cities is that it's actually clean! There is a little bit of everything for everyone here - runners, photographers, walkers, tourists, romantics, cyclists, dog-owners, parents of little ones, and recreational sports enthusiasts. There are open fields for sports play and picnics, trails for walking and running (lots of loops so you don't have to return the same way you came), endless backdrops for amazing photos, horse carriages for romantic rides through the park, flower gardens for green-thumbs, and playgrounds and zoos for little kids. Those are just some of the year-round mainstream activities. Additionally you will find Cuban salsa dancing, summer concerts, rollerblading discos, boat rides, film festivals, and ice-skating in the winter. Lastly, there are several free wi-fi hotspots located throughout the park (mostly in the touristy / crowded parts of the crowd) provided by ATT wireless.
There is not much to say about Central Park that hasn't already been stated in another review. I will say this..I live in Denver, CO (in the process of moving to NYC). Denver prides itself on having the largest public park system in the country.   Not one of these parks can compare to Central Park. Central Park has so much history and is just an awesome place to spend a day reading, taking a jog, people watching, etc.
When I grow up, I want a view of this place.
a must see in your lifetime but summer is better enjoy winter in pictures too cold this time nobody wanted to go inside ,such a shame so many great things inside
Beautiful artificial park, it's not big but the design make you get lost in it. It's very good for walking or biking and you should try both, because it will give you two different perspective to the central park. It's very beautiful, and lots movie pops up in your mind while you're visiting.
Central Park means so many things for so many people. Everybody in the world knows it and I have never known anyone to not love it completely and wholeheartedly. Things I have done at here: Ran a few 5Ks here. Lounge on the grass and watch people. Sunbathe and sleep. Play on one of the many playgrounds. Spot rabid raccoons. Look at birds and try to identify them. Drink from a water fountain. Eat lunch. Romantic picnic. Read a book. Attend a wedding. Things I want to do here: Fly a kite. Paddleboat. Ice skate. Listen to a live summer concert Rollerskate and dance. Watch an outdoor film. Ride a bike. Go swimming. Go on a date. Jump rope. Pretend to be a "superhero" and hang out in the castle! I love you Central Park.
This is my oasis. I send at least an hour a day running in the part with weekend runs of up to 3 hours in Central Park. I think I have seen every inch of the park and I have to say it every part of the park is amazing. There are many hidden gems. My favorite parts of the park are in the northern section where there seem to be less people. I am not sure I would be able to live in NYC if Central Park did not exist. Central Park definitely makes the city bearable!
I don't know, this place really isn't that great.  I really prefer not being able to see the sunlight and being encased in a cool temple of concrete. I live a block away in the 70's but I haven't set food in the park in almost four years.  Last time I saw people with canines and they did not have the decency to tether them.  Unless you want to be humped into unconsciousness and possibly attacked by packs of wild animals I would stay out.
Well,.. please,.... it is Central Park, one of the best thought out well planned oasises ever masterminded.  Really,... need I say more?
Glad to see such huge park in center of the city. So much greenery and freshness all around. This park is the reason why NY looks so refreshing. Need a whole day to cove the Central Park. The pond, Meadows and Belvadere Castle are the best spots around. You ll come across lots of diff ppl and active life around. This place is a treasure land of beauty in Fall. Must see of NY
It's crazy to me that you can be inside this park and not hear the sounds from the city.  I've heard that New Yorkers can live in the city their entire lives and never see the entire park, I believe it.   Its walkways, bridges, trees, lakes, fountain and flowers are breath taking.  I'm sure being in the city where all of those things are lacking has something to do with how much this park is appreciated.  Maybe not. One of my favorite things to do in NYC is grab some lunch from Zabar's and walk over to the park to have a picnic.  Recently, my friends and I happened upon the same spot Carrie and Miranda had lunch at in one of the Sex and the City movies.  We were having a beautiful time until, in typical New York fashion, we got into an argument with a woman who was trying to make us leave for a wedding she was having there in an hour.
Central Park... A great venue to host... RUNS! Been to three runs here (Emerald Nuts Midnight Run, Revlon Run/Walk for Women and FITNESS mag run), and the routes are nice with some kick ass inclines. Too bad I don't live nearby, I would run here (with a buddy of course) and take advantage of one of the free things the city has to offer! Let's not forget the other non-free attractions like the Zoo and the cute lake that you can rent row boats... where you and a special someone can recreate the scene from The Notebook minus the heavy rain and quick run to an empty house where you can cadoodle each other.
When you need a brief refuge from urban life, Central Park is just what the doctor ordered.  The ying to the city's yang -- maybe other way around, I always forget which is which.  Nooks 'n crannies abound and make the perfect setting for personal reflection and/or day dreaming.  Or ... jus' checkin' out some hotties.
There's really nothing that can be said that hasn't been said before about this beautiful park. I saw it in full snow, and it looked like a wonderland. This is a great place to walk around, observe a landmark, and to take photography. There's lots of musicians that just play in the park and little kids making snowman and sliding through the snow. The outer rim is populated by hot dog carts for your consumption needs.
With over 1300 reviews what can I possibly say about Central Park that someone hasn't already said? It's a calm oasis in the middle of a thriving, chaotic city. It offers a lunch break, a quiet walk, a chance to get in touch with nature, and a potential wedding venue. Concerts and plays in the summer, fountains and sculptures, a decent sized zoo, miles and miles of walking paths and bike lanes..... When can I legally move in?
A vacation from the city for your senses. Was that cheesy? Eh, sorry, but the lushness of Central Park turned me into a goo ball who was only capable of watching and enjoying the sunlight filter through the dense canopy of tree leaves, the squirrels, ducks and rats (okay, only 1 rat) enjoy the space, the long-range vistas, the dozens of people watch each other, the venders/performers, the fountain, the sailboats and still not intrude on each others' space and the towers peering out from behind the park oasis. Central Park is indeed special and I was glad to enjoy it. The green, the green - thank you!
Central park is the ying to the cities yang. The perfect balance to allow you to escape the madness of the city with quiet serenity. I like to just pop into the park for a walk or run whenever I can it allows you to recharge your batteries and re access what your doing that day or maybe even life!
174 acres smaller than SF's GG Park - Central Park connecting from Mid to Upper Manhattan is probably the world's best known park. In his Manhattan days, the bachelor sauntered around Central Park West after-work or for late night drunken revelry. Beautiful scenery, gorgeous people (minus the stupid annoying tourists) and the Manhattan vibe makes Central park a must-love in I heart NY. Walk your dog, grab a bite, or even some good sex for lunch are a few of the million things you can possibly accomplish in Central Park.
I lived in rural areas for most of my childhood, but the first time I ever saw a woodpecker up close was today in The Ramble.  Pecking away right above a squirrel who was eating his lunch.
Central Park is really one of the greatest things NYC has that everyone can enjoy! Through out all of the craziness, all the horns honking, all the traffic and people everywhere you can come in here and relax your mind and not believe you are in a city of 8.5 million people bustling about!  On a nice day you see thousands and thousands of people frolicking and enjoying their time!  It's a great place to come to take kids to let out some energy so they can sleep well at night!     For tourists I'd recommend taking the subway up to 72nd street to walk halfway around this area and head south after.  You see people running, cycling, rollerblading, rowing boats in the water it's really an oasis in an urban jungle!
I'll tell ya... If I lived in New York City, I would visit Central Park as often as possible.  Until a most recent trip to the city, I had only ever driven or walked by this oasis amongst the chaos.  Looking for a relaxing activity to engage in, my friends and I chose to leisurely stroll the park and check out a couple of its legendary locations.  Bundled up with scarves, gloves, hats, boots, and the like (as it was quite frigid this day) we took in the sights and sounds of this lovely park. Making our way around frozen puddles, leftover snow, and muddy fields it was still easy to find beauty in our surroundings.  Outcroppings of glacial rock, people ice skating round and round in crowded circles, even a bride and groom taking winter photos by the Bethesda Fountain... all images from a wonderful day Walking through (as we all barely got halfway through before we tired and decided to head back) it is difficult to fully grasp the magnanimity of this public space.  Besides seeing Strawberry Fields, there are so many other amazing pieces of art, activities, flora, and fauna to experience.  I vow to always make a concerted effort to experience as many of these as possible with upcoming visits to the Big Apple.
My run through the park was one of my favorites I've done in a long time. I was a little confused because it doesn't seem that people follow the signs labeling where and in which directions runners, bikers and cars are supposed to go, but other than that it's a great place! Oh, and try the Belgian waffle stand!
We live in a cynical world. A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors. I love you. You... complete me.
Walking around here is one of my favorite things to do, they have the playgrounds for the kids and the lawn for the adults. You can ride your bike, go for a run, or just wander around like i like to do. They have food trucks all around for a quick bite. It really is such a fun thing to do if your just in the mood to people watch!
I frequent North Central Park ( Harlem Meer). There are three playgrounds that run the length of 110. The newest one is at Lenox and 110. There are some great trails off to the left of the pool that are so serene and lush, you'll think you're outside of the city.
Recommended for:  Picnics, jogging, sports, leisurely strolls, concerts, kayaking, you name it.   Activities 6, Scenery 6, Awesomeness 6. As I began to write this review, the song from Foxwoods came into my mind "... For the Wonder... of it all!"  That phrase in and of itself encapsulates the park to me. One of the treasures of Manhattan, Central Park is the epitome in my opinion, of what parks should strive for.  Having lived across the street from Central Park, I've been both blessed, and cursed by it.  Waking up and looking out at my "yard" - truly awesome; being able to go for a pleasant jog around the reservoir or hills - double awesome; lots and lots of tourists slowly confusingly walking - curses... Although Central Park is one park, I like to think of it as many parks combined, to form - Central Park!  (think voltron, only no robotic lions).  You've got the upper park, hills; you've got the lakes, perfect for jogging around, or going canoing/kayaking in (either by yourself, or with your significant other); the zoo, the great lawn, the waterfall (ok its not a huge one, but its tranquil), the playgrounds, sport fields... oh so much to do. The park is good for singles, groups of friends, and couples; though I have yet to do the latter...  But don't you worry, all activities and thoughts are absolutely 'Sean Approved'  such as (carriage ride, picnic for two, canoing, and many others (can't give away my 'A' game)).   Whatever you can imagine outdoors, you can pretty much do here.  Enjoy the park, and all its splendor! Sean Approved:  Definitely YES!
This is pointless to review. I can't sell you central park. Go and see it for yourself. No review can convince you of how amazing it is and it is impossible to oversell it. I could only undersell it. For a first time couple... Invest $50 or more in the horse carriage... it's worth it.
Best place to destress from everyday NYC life. Great paved loop for pedestrians and cyclists, but needs to be 100% car free. People have died because of the motorists. Please support a car free Central Park transalt.org/campaigns/c…
Absolutely Gorgeous. This Park is sensational, and was much better than TV or movies give it credit for. This is another location in NYC I could have just rambled around and gotten lost in. I did almost get lost-which is easy to do. I would imagine you need to be careful at certain times of the day, but in the morning I didn't encounter anything unsavory. What is incredible is how immaculate it is. I didn't see any garbage, litter, or anything out of place. I am aware that in my 90 minute walk i probably saw about 10% of the Park, but I never saw anything that wasn't pristine. Don't let anyone tell you to skip Central Park, you must go see it!
Central park, WOW. It runs from 59th street and 110th street, and splits the upper west side from the upper east side. It's always well kept, I love how nature is kept to itself here without the disturbance of the urban life of the city. You can bike, jog, walk, the park, theirs special pathways for bikers. Throughout the seasons this park changes in the best ways possible. The winter covers it in layers of snow, and the leaves disappear from the trees, but it's just as photogenic as it is in the spring when the flowers start to bloom, and the grass starts to grow, the summer is a heat wave of strong looking trees and plants and flowers in full color. The fall, which is most beautiful is full of leaves that have fallen or are still clinging in all different colors! PLACES YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT IN THE PARK 1. The Sheep's Meadow and the Great Lawn 2. The Central Park Zoo 3. The Lakes and Reservoir 4. Turtle Pond 5. Shakespeares Garden 6. Strawberry Fields and John Lennon's Imagine 7. Central Park Conservatory Garden 8. Bethesda Terrace 9. AMNH, MET, AND HOTEL PLAZA are all on the sides of the park. 10. Cleopatra's Needle 11. The Carrousel 12. The Boat House 13. The Belvedere Castle 14. The Willmans Ring This place is perfect for any event, a friendly picnic, a romantic date, or just a simple walk by yourself when you have the time. So many activities to do in the park, you won't ever grow tired of hanging around here. Their are events the happen year around, or once a year such as the NYC Marathon, Shakespeare in the park during the summer, where they give free Shakespeare plays for the children and adults, theirs a puppet show in the Belvedere Castle at some point of the year. Check on their website for volunteer events where you can help the community and also meet a couple new people. Best park in NYC :)
- You don't understand how vast and massive it is until you get lost within the park. - The park is a city upon itself. - So many views that you'll be able to find a new favorite spot everyday for years to come. - Great break from the everyday feel of Manhattan. Still exploring...
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!! This is the epitome of parks, no doubt about it. I just made my first trip to Central Park a few weekends ago, and just loved it. I mean it just stretches on and on and on......it's a never ending  sea of trees and grass and benches, and people, it's wonderful ! There is always something going on in the park, whether it's dancers, acrobats, musicians, or just clowns/balloon artists. But it was such a peaceful stroll and can be so romantic  as well. This is one place, you have to experience for yourself, to get the full effect, my review will mean nothing to you otherwise!  :) ps- For the ATLiens, Piedmont Park, has nothing on this park.....lol
what me and my best friend are looking forward to this summer: early weekend afternoon after brunch, heading over to dunkin donuts to get an empty cup with ice, then to the deli to get a soda or juice, then going to the liquor store for pint of gin,vodka, or henney. mixing it all up. taking the train uptown to central park. throwing a blanket on the grass and laying there for hours listening to whatever street band is nearby. or if ryan comes along, throwing the football around...ahhhh cant wait cant wait cant wait!!
Simply Amazing
He wasn't readyyyyyyy! He being me! This park is HUGE, so big that it doesn't make any dang sense (lol)! I visited this park during snowy times so the trees or flowers were not out in full effect and only displayed branches however the park was still beautiful. This is a wonderful place to complete athletic activities, take a breather or have a romantic stroll or ride in a horse carriage! There are many things that you can do in this park such as go to a Zoo or ride on a carousel! I opted for the Zoo which I will review shortly! There is no way to fully capture this park in one day... You must do it in trips! Just bare in mind that people have their hustle flow on meaning people will try to get you to buy certain things (ex: bus tours) my response - ahhhhh "I no speakka english bye"! You must come when visiting NY!
I've been here as a student. I've been here as a tourist. I've been here as a concert-goer. I've been here as a photographer. A part of me has secretly wanted to live in NYC for years, but the city's lack of greenery is just something I couldn't deal with for too long (I just need to see trees from my window). But if I ever had a chance to live in an apartment overlooking Central Park, I'd take that offer in a heartbeat. Definitely a beautiful park that just makes The Big Apple even more appealing. It never gets old, it never gets boring, and it never fails to make me smile like a little kid. It's an oasis tucked away in the greatest city in America. xo
#243 Alright, I'm being silly since I've only ever been a tourist at the park, but I'll share my 1-star knock-down gripe anyways - I HATE that it's so easy to get lost in Central Park. The first time I was here, I was actually with a native and we were lost for a good 45 minutes before we realized where the heck we were. The next time I was in the city, my parents and I stuck with the peripheral of the park. =) Nonetheless, this place is everything the movies make it out to be. There's a unique nook and cranny for every individual under the sun and plenty of public spaces as well. The greenery really pops out at you on a bright, summery day and the fall foliage is gorgeous. I'm not of a fan of running into the rowdy teenage summer camps from June-August, but they're only a blip in an otherwise pristine place to relax and enjoy yourself. It's too bad I can no longer take a bus ride up into the city. =\
This is THE greatest park in the world. I don't care where you are from or what your opinion is about another park. This is the best. The history, the beauty, and the people (non-tourist) make this park great. I can get lost here for hours and wouldn't care. I would recommend any person coming to NYC to visit to stop here and spend a good 5 hours taking in the wonders. Fall and spring are my favorite times to walk throughout the park.
Love being here.. every season is great.. so many museums nearby...
Central Park is a true oasis right in the middle of Manhattan.  There is so much greenery and it is a wonderful spot to escape the hustle and bustle of the city.  On a sunny day it is a perfect place to come walk around, bike, run or just sit on the grass and enjoy life.  There's a zoo among many other attractions.
I mean honestly, does it get any better in NYC? I understand that it isn't *really* nature, but hey! living in Manhattan I will take when I can get, love the park. I personally enjoy the west side of the park. ONLY THING avoid the hundreds of men trying to sell you bikes to ride. Typically those hustlers steal the bikes from people and then make money of tourists. if you want to ride bikes (which i highly suggest) head to the bike stand at 8th ave and 60th st (across from the trump) by the park entrance/Columbus circle. they are great there!!
Try finding all the cool hidden treasures in the park like the Alice in Wonderland statue to the Belvedere Castle to the world famous boat house.  There's enough to keep you wondering around for hours! Try starting at 59th St Columbus Circle and work your way up the park to the Met.  Then you'll be able to experience 3 attractions at once!
Nothing says New York more than Central Park (except for maybe that old lady I saw on 75th with her long blonde wig perched askew on top of her head).
This is a very nice park, plus it is free to walk around! Some parts are more well lit than others. One part of this park freaked me out though. I walking by a trash can at night with my cousins and all of a sudden we saw a Raccoon come out of the trash can. I was not expecting that because I did not know NYC had raccoons! OMG. Any how the raccoon was more interested in going through the trash than being interested in us, so we just stared at him for a little while and went on our way.
Love this park in the daytime. It's very big and scenic. They have a lot of trails for you to walk on, and even a castle for you to climb up and see the views. A must see whenever you're in the city.
I've been to Central Park in every season and my favorite would have to be winter.  I absolutely love the snow covered trees, walkways, and grass.  True winter wonderland!! My boyfriend and I recently went on the Carriage Ride which was $40 (w/tax) + they encourage a tip so I believe our total ride was $48-$50?? (My boyfriend paid)  It was absolutely ROMANTIC and definitely an EXPERIENCE.  True, you don't see anything new if you just walked around the park and it's only 30 minutes but it's a great way to score those brownie points. ;) Brings me back to days when men were actually chivalrous.  Let me add, it was also our anniversary.  We probably won't do it again... unless celebrating our anniversary again (which also now turns out to be the anniversary of when he proposed) so it makes it even more special. I recommend very comfy walking shoes.  There's so much to see and places to sit and relax. If you happen to be in Central Park in the Spring or Fall, it's a great picnic area so bring a blanket, goodies, book, etc. & soak up the scenery.  It'll be flooded w/tourists and locals alike but who cares?!  Central Park is truly an iconic place to visit. There are so many beautiful parks to visit in NY. Other parks I liked were Madison Square, Union Square, and Battery Park.
I walked across Central Park. It's so big, let me tell you. Was it worth it? Of Course! Where else can you just walk in a large forest in one of the largest metropolitan cities in the world. I'm guessing there are probably other cities that you can do this, but it just happen to be really nice the day I went. Who would have thought that it would take so long to cross the park. So long that I pushed the memory of how long it actually took out of my mind. All I remember is that I ended up in front of the AMNH. Anyway, if you get a chance, get walking!
The only place I can breathe in the city.  There is nothing better than finding a scrap of grass, stretching out with a book, people and dog watching and getting sunburned.  I get completely lost when I walk through it, and I love that.
An obvious 5-star. Summer, winter, spring or fall. Take a bike ride tour around the park...it kept my kids engaged and is a great way to see a lot of the park and hear some fun stories. As a tourist, you could spend many, many days here...especially if you find some time to just relax & people watch. I'm sure I would come here every day if I was a local...I might even just be one of those sunbathers in summer being from California and all.
This place felt so unreal just because growing up I've always seen this park in tvs and movie shows, especially Home Alone 2. I don't go to many parks from where I live (California), but this has to be by far one of the coolest park's I've been to. I enjoy seeing the Shakespeare Garden along with many wonderful things about exploring around NY. I was here a few months ago, in February. It was pretty darn cold and snowing, one of these days I would love to come back here during spring or summer, So I can actually walk around the WHOLE park.
IT'S ALL THAT YOU CAN IMAGINE AND SO MUCH MORE... You seriously need to take about 3-5 days just to check this place out!  It's HUGE but it's worth going on the adventure of every little corner this place holds!  You can pick up a map of the park to help direct you around or just walk and stumble on to things.   The bottom end of the park is more of the touristy areas like the pond, Sheep's Meadow, The Mall, The Zoo, Strawberry Field, and other cool fountains and lakes and the upper end is more where the locals ride bikes and run!   Take it from me, take a couple days to explore this place and make sure you have good walking shoes!
So massive & huge! This park is not just a park, but an oasis in the middle of THE urban jungle. This park blows away any other park, makes Discovery Green look like, a small patch of grassy swamp.. My bad, I like Discovery Green, but i LOVE Central Park =)
Just a fantastic park. I love the kids section and how there is a cop on duty. It's very clean, cute, and peaceful. The zoo is great. This is a MUST see when you come to NYC.
Probably my favorite place, anywhere, and its free!....I'm not sure if any yelpers are silly enough to rate Central Park below 5 stars. There is nothing like Central Park in the summer. Grab a bite to eat from a vendor, chill out, catch a street performer, read a book, propose to your future wife on a horse and buggy, etc....It's all here!!!
I got some of my best pictures of the skyline from the Jackie O Reservoir in Central Park-- off of 96th St. I love love LOVE this park. Spent about 3 hours wandering around this park, checking out the Alice in Wonderland statue, the Belvedere Castle, Strawberry Fields, walking around the Reservoir, and just sitting and enjoying the beauty of the park. Shakespeare Garden is beautiful, what a gem! This whole park is a gem in the middle of a bustling city! A perfect place to get away and get some peace and serenity. Bethesda Terrace has a beautiful fountain nearby that makes for a perfect Instagram shot. :) Next time I'm back in NYC, I'll explore the top part from 96th St up! Although my friend told me not to go anywhere above 96th on my own... I feel like Central Park is excluded from that though... somebody please correct me if I'm wrong haha.
Central park is beautiful, but it's so easy to get lost here.  The maps that are posted throughout the park do not have a "You are here" marker, so it's difficult to determine what path to take (or what path you are on) to get to where you've parked or are meeting someone.   I've give this place a 5 star review if I didn't get lost for over an hour trying to go cross town to meet someone.
There is a great place to run in Budapest between the Buda and Pest sides of the Danube.  Boston has the Emerald Necklace, The Charles, Arnold Arboreteum and Jamaica Pond. Every great city has a great park.   Bu there is nothing quite like Central Park
Make that a 10-star+rating....Mere words cannot describe her greatness. Don't ever go away CP!
Love Central Park!  My sister is lucky to live just a couple blocks away!
It's fascinating that it's quiet in the middle of crowded surrounding. It's good for biking, running and walking too. I found that the bikers were not following the signals so it was bit confusing for pedestrians. Cops should pay attention there.
Along with Rockefeller Center, Brooklyn Bridge, and Katz's Deli, no trip to NYC is complete without going to Central Park! According to the Central Park Conservancy's website, there are: 250 acres of lawns 24,000 trees 150 acres of lakes and streams 130 acres of woodlands 9,000 benches 26 ballfields 21 playgrounds 55 sculptures and monuments 36 bridges ....All adding up to a grand total of 843 acres!! It's nearly impossible to see it all if you're a tourist, so go here to plan your route(s): centralparknyc.org/visit… I walked from the park's entrance on 59th & 5th Ave to the MET and back (with a quick detour to Shake Shack!). By the time you get toward the middle of the park, it's really hard to believe you're still in New York City, breathing actual clean air! Would have loved to jog/run in the park, visit the Central Park Zoo, or ride on one of the horse-drawn carriages....but those experiences will have to wait for future visits. My favorite spots in the park were Bethesda Terrace, The Mall, Bow Bridge, Sheep Meadow & Loeb Boathouse.....;) onthesetofnewyork.com/en…
Oh, how many hours and days I've lost in your green goodness... So many fun free events, fantastic music, and delicious picnics... Runs, walks, jogs, and the occasional skipping.... Central Park is the apple of the Big Apple's eye.
I have never seen a park so active and full of life like Central Park. Not only is it beautiful its so full of activity that I have never seen in other parks. Hands down the best park ever!!!
There's nothing like putting a plush, nice, green park right in the middle of the most over-crowded city in the world.
It's simply remarkable that something like Central Park exists in New York City, and it's one of the jewels of the place in its own way. It was a little tough getting into the park, what with all the dead joggers (each body with its own cynical but loveable pair of mismatched, wisecracking detectives investigating while multiple TV cameras filmed for the various L&O spinoffs). But once we started exploring, it was fantastic! All kidding aside, there are so many little surprises that you could spend days checking everything out. And you'll find no better place to relax in one of the most crowded spots in the country. Hooray for Central Park. The tunnels are still creepy, though.
Central Park... There really is nothing like it!   I couldn't believe it when I took a friend from New Hampshire there, and she said she had always heard of Central Park, but just thought it was a little dinky park like you'd find in any city.  Of course, I just had to show her around to make her see that this wasn't just ANY city park!  I took her on a walk through the zoo, up to the mini motorized boat pond, and then to Belvedere Castle where we climbed to the top and gazed around the park and the city surrounding us.  THEN she understood.  This wasn't any park.  This park was amazing and unique and special. Central Park is so great because when you're inside, you forget you're in Manhattan.  You can get lost in there, and when you're deep inside, you can't even hear any of the buzz of the traffic or see any of the buildings surrounding you. Central Park is where all the New Yorkers go to relax, walk their dogs, push their baby carriages, jog, or sunbathe on a hot summer day.  It's more than just a city park.  It's a way of life, and it must be seen to be understood.
What is not to like about walking through Central Park? There is so much history and beautiful trees and flowers to see it stretches out for six miles long. There are people walking and jogging it daily there is so much of nature all around you birds of every kind, there are horse carriages strolling through it also giving people tours and wedding parties taking pictures also. You can have a picnic there or just go to escape the world with a blanket and lay down..
What can I say about Central Park?  I have spent my whole life passing through it.  I'm not entirely thrilled they tore down Seneca Village to construct it but still I love it.  Climbing on the rocks, sitting on a bench, hangin' by strawberry fields givin' peace a change man, do you dig what I'm saying?  It's some kind of magical place and it's for everyone from all walks of life.  The more you appreciate it the richer you will be.  Just show up.  It's beautiful especially during the winter, spring, summer, and fall.
Screw affordable housing, we want a gigantic park. Imagine what one acre of this real estate would sell for! By the way, this park is incredible.
Is there anything more eye-opening or pleasant-mood inducing than a run in the morning? It takes the anxious edge-y-ness off as the alcohol comes off from the night before, wakes you up like no cup of coffee ever can & gives you the energy for whatever comes your way. So when I ventured up park avenue from my midtown hotel, I noticed that the rest of the city had the same idea as me.  There were so many people running on a weekend morning here, it made me think there was a 5 or 10 k going on. Nope, just the usual huge crowd of people here. I do love visiting central park when I come to the city. It's one of the few places i ask to visit by name, and there's lots of sites (Bethesda fountain, "the castle", zoo, Alice in wonderland fountain) besides just mother nature here. While there's generally lots of people, if you go deep into the park it gets a little eerily quiet....tall buildings on all sides but none of the usual city sounds of honking, sirens, etc. When reading about the history of the park, I read that the thinking of the time was that spending time outside made people "better" and "more well rounded."   It was slightly criticized then, as it was near the upper east side and far and difficult to get to for the lower and middle classes in the lower east side, Chinatown and the southern tip of Manhattan. There's subways now, but there's still a lot of dogs in clothing here with their owners and whatnot. (Hey, there's also me and my target warm up gear from Milwaukee so I guess it's all good.) Always love an urban park and this is really the granddaddy of them all.
Beautiful place to get some green in New York City. My best friend got married here at Bethesda Terrace and it is one of the best places she could have picked to get married in. However, we did run into some snags. We obtained a permit for 3 hours at Bethesda Terrace but on the wedding day, I got a phone call saying that there were 500 people there for a chess tournament!!! Upset and frustrated that she couldn't see what was going on from her hotel, the bride sends me on a sprint run from the entrance of the park to Bethesda. I was able to grab some security patrolmen, showed them my permit [and some asian bitchy lawyering skills] and got a couple of them to clear a decent size area by the water where the ceremony was to take place. Another snag was the bride trying to get to Bethesda from the entrance. She was in full wedding gear, and was supposed to arrive in a horse carriage. However, since she only anticipated it to cost about 20 dollars, that was all she had on her...and he refused to take her all the way to the Terrace! He dropped her halfway with her photographer and left! What an effin' bastard!!!! Who DOES that? The whole wedding party was waiting for her and he would have gotten paid by SOMEONE upon arrival. The photographer thought quickly, grabbed one of the cyclos and got him to take her up in HIS carriage. She grabbed a white one at least and it ended up being a fun story, but that still takes a star away from this place for service and rides. The security people were actually great, and they were good about telling people to not enter into our guest standing area. When the bride showed up, all the curious tourists around us got all excited and joined in on the merriness. The bride was also surprised that there were so many people at the bottom screaming for her, so that was a lot of fun. Photography here is amazing, especially by the steps and the arcs of the Terrace. The water and the lake are the perfect background as well. The fountain is huge, and the plants surrounding it are well kept. There are also bathrooms here! Since it was a park, I didn't think there would be any, but there are!
I love it here... its so beautiful! I had a picnic here yesterday in a secluded yet sunny spot... so not only did i get a tan (it was needed hahaha), but i also had a nice romantic time with my love!
I'm pretty sure that it's un-American and un-New York to give Central Park anything less than five stars.  From the Great Lawn to the Dairy to Alice in Wonderland--the park is a live, ever-changing, integral part of NYC.  Walk it, run it, picnic in it--find your favorite spot and then find the next.  Ride the carousel.  Wait on line to see Shakespeare performed--the line is fun whether you get tickets or not. Go to the park.  Go to the park.  Go to the park.
Yeah...a review for Central Park. Almost seems pointless, because WHO HASN'T BEEN TO (and who doesn't like) Central Park? Anyway, I'm old enough to remember when CP was not the place you really wanted to spend much time in. Lots of trash, junkies, bums, and plain old unsavory types, it just wasn't much fun. Sometime in the early 90s, that slowly changed, and now it's my favorite place to go in the city. From getting a good walk/jog in to laying out in the sun to playing some games to reading a book in the shade to, of course, people watch. This is THE PLACE for people watching. The best spots to go are the fountain (aka ASIAN WEDDING PICTURE CENTRAL), the Roller Boogie skating area (I can watch those freaks all day), the grass right outside the Met (the big glass window of the Egyptian room) and the Great Lawn. I'm also fascinated by those lawn bowling folks that dress all in white and look like a strange cult that refuses to live past 1937, yet I still can't figure out the game. Looks relaxing, though. Anyway, just go to Central Park and hang out for few hours, get some ice cream, enjoy the scenery, and live.
Beautiful place! I came here in search of Balto, my beloved Childhood story and my favorite hero since I was 10.  I teared up at the site of the statue because I really love Balto as the animated character and as the read dog himself. I ate lunch in Central Park as well and enjoyed a nice Macaron from Laduree. Me and my roommate loved the hour and a half sit there enjoying nature in a huge city.  The park is well kept and beautiful.  If you never have been go!
Every time I come here, I feel so relaxed.  No wonder a place like this exists in New York City. My advice, make sure you take some good shoes with you if you plan on walking around the park because I was silly enough not to as my friend and I walked around the city and in the park looking for Loeb's Boathouse.  BUT our hour-long rowboat rental more than made up for it.  If you get the chance, DEFINITELY do this.  I mean, the water obviously isn't the clearest, but rowing with people you know (but only 4 max per boat) in this mini oasis in NYC is so serene and fun!  If you are proficient in rowing, you could very well go from one end of the lake to the other and back and be alright.  For $12/hour and getting your $20 refundable deposit back after you're done, it's very well worth it :) Also, walk through the mall because it's very beautiful. Oh everything is pretty here, in the right seasons and times of day of course.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE GREEN MY FRIEND! i just got back from a 2 hour wander. i really can't call it a 'walk' because i had no direction. this park will see more of me as it gets warmer. aaaaaand GO!
For first kisses or final kisses.
Oh Central Park, you are amazing!! Such a beautiful and refreshing place to experience away from the hustle and bustle of the city. I went during my recent NYC trip in mid March so the dirt was still brown and the trees were still bare. But it was still beautiful nonetheless and the park was being used aplenty on the Sunday afternoon that we were wandering the park aimlessly.
Beautiful park with lost of people and dogs and events going on. Definitely cool to see wildlife and trees in the concrete jungle. Its worth a sit on a bench
Beautiful park. Pretty huge too. I like the AIDS and Breast Cancer walks that are done here. This park is pretty beautiful in the spring and in summer. You know what, it's beautiful all year round. It's pretty easy to get lost but trust me, the park is nice. You'll see people barbecuing, jogging, walking, riding bikes etc. Late at night, there are creeps who are lurking so stay on the street and don't go near the park. Overall, the scene is beautiful, the waters are too, and so are the grass and trees.
A MUST SEE! This is probably one of my favorite places in NYC, and the largest park I've been to in my life. The first time I came here, I walked from Columbus Circle all the way to the reservoir, around the reservoir, and back. It took ~4 hours of strolling, but it was very beautiful and relaxing. I wish I could jog around the reservoir everyday! I'd move to NYC just for that! haha
You ever try to run in this thing?  Man, it's killer!  The minor inclines really add up after a while.  Athleticism aside, yes, this is probably one of the most beautiful American parks you can visit.  The closest thing I've been to is Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, and while different, this park definitely takes the crown in terms of charm, design, and character.  It was in Catcher in the Rye, man, how could you not love it?  Zoos, ice skating, Shakespeare, this park has it all.
So so many people everywhere, dogs, and vendors. What a great park it has something here for everyone! Stay away from the bike taxi tours, the horse and buggy is the way to go or a bike ride (your own) or take a nice peaceful walk through the park. There is some much to see here I could have stayed here a full day and still not have scene everything. They do have some softball diamonds here, wish I could have played!
I picked to stay at hotels within a few blocks away from Central Park. It's one of my favorite places in New York. Lots to see, lots to do...for free! It is where I feel ok not having my phone. I enjoy the sights, sounds and smells. Trees, grass (even though I'm allergic to them), dogs running around, sculptures, a view of skyscrapers, ponds, lakes, ducks, benches, fountains, runners, people doing Tai Chi, etc. I can't emphasize enough how much I love this place. I walked the entire park. Free of thoughts, noise and worries. Just me in the moment. A permanent smile. A heart filled with contentment and peace. My happy place. Ignorant to freezing temperature. Nothing can bother me. Walk to Laduree and Levain then come back to eat macarons and cookies here. Life is beautiful!
frisbees + roller disco + concerts + drum circles + trees + puppies + wide open space = the good life. I am waiting for summer.
If I could marry a park, this one would be it. I love Central Park! I'm completely biased because I think NYC is the best city in the world, but this is just a lovely use of space. It's a nice respite from the city and a nice place to just sit and relax. I love how you can sprawl yourself on the many rocks (boulders more like it) or sit by the ponds and people watch. The trails are nice and hilly too so you actually get a decent workout. I also love the tunnels sprinkled throughout. I love you Central Park...will you marry me? Yes? Ok good.
You can do lots here in Central Park. Eat/picnic, sleep/take a nap, people watch, climb on Alice or the Mad Hatter, row/foot paddle a boat in the lake, collect leaves during Autumn, exercise, ice skate, etc. It's such a grand park that I love coming here when I visit the city.
I adore, adore, adore Central Park. It's massive, beautiful, and I absolutely love it! There is so much to do here that I doubt you'll be bored. I'm sure I could write paragraphs and paragraphs of how wonderful this place is but I believe the rest of the yelpers on here can pretty much sum that up. If you're ever in NY, do yourself a favor and come here.
New York, I love you. I'll always remember the trip, and the day we spent walking around Central Park for a few hours. It was supposed to be our last day in this amazing town and I was already getting sad. Each step I took around the reservoir was so slow, even as the cold was killing my cheeks. I remember thinking at the park how perfect everything was, is, can be. Sometimes you have to take a step back to look at where you are, like we did here to see the backdrop of the city behind us. My life is so amazing and I'm thankful I was able to take this randomly spontaneous trip. Maybe it was my last, maybe I'll get my second chance, but I know you'll always be there.* *unless doomsday comes and you implode
My Ratings: Quantity - 5 Stars Quality - 5 Stars Price - 5 Stars Location - 5 Stars My Opinion/Story: Central Park - the most amazing thing about Manhanttan inside the busy city, noisy neighbors and the craziness of New York. A huge park in the center of chaos. After our tour of the museum, we had some time to walk in the park.  It's breathtakingly beautiful and peaceful despite the city surrounding it is loud and noisy.  I love that once you're inside, it's like you're out of Manhattan.  The huge park has lots of places to see and plenty of things to do or not do.  Just sitting down and watching everything around you is entertaining enough.  I only wish to return to New York to actually walk further more inside the park.  Too much to see yet not enough time.  One of the best landmarks of New York.
Central Park is a gem. It's genius that the city planners had such foresight to dedicate so much land to this park. I've only been to here about 3-4 times. Whenever I'm in town, I do my best to swing by. Go rent a bike for an hour to ride around the entire park the first time you visit. This way you can see just how big Central Park is. Then you can decide where to explore for next time. It's amazing just to sit and watch people. In one section there's a baseball game going on. In another section kids are chasing each other. In yet another section people are picnicking enjoying the sun. Watch out for bikers and runners. There's a lot of activity going on here. Try to walk by the lake if possible. It's indescribable. You have to see it for yourself.
not much to say about central park. it's amazinnnnnnnnnnnnng & beautiful.
There is nothing like Central Park! I love visiting this place and people watching, nature watching, and just relaxing. There are fantastic museums located all around the park, and lots of traverses to get from side to side. I'm rating it, but I don't think it even needs a rating! Everyone just should KNOW to go! Enjoy your trip!
I absolutely love this place. It's an escape from the busy city, from all the people and all the worries of the world. Strawberry Fields was my favorite part - I could hang out there all day and sing hippy songs. It's great to just lay out and watch the clouds go by, or grab a bike and bike the trail that runs through it. I was in New York for 4 days and we didn't even get to see the whole park. It's huge!
I love everything about Central Park, so naturally I thought I would also love the Lasker pool. Sadly, it was not to be so. The pool itself is nice, and free, but it was very very crowded, and the gestapo at the front gate were just too much to handle. The following is the dialogue between the "guards" and myself: Guard: We need to see your lock and your swimsuit. Me: Here is my lock, and I'm wearing my swimsuit. G: We need to see it. M: Uh, ok. (This is where I trade in my pride and all that is holy for a chance at refreshing, chlorinated goodness in 90 degree weather. I pull up my shirt and pull down the hem of my shorts to show that, yes, I am wearing a bikini under my clothes.) I am "okayed" to enter, and unfortunately, have better luck than my husband. Guard: Where is your swimsuit? Husband: I am wearing it. Guard: That is not a swimsuit. Husband: Yes it is. Guard: It is not lined. Husband: Yes it is. Guard: Let me see the lining. (He happened to be wearing regular old shorts. BUSTED!) We never got in. So, if you want to try out this pool, DON'T go on a Sat. afternoon, make sure you're wearing a "real" bathing suit, and bring a lock and not a whole bunch of crap because you're going to have to fit it in one of their lockers. Honestly, in the end, I recommend Astoria Park Pool. (see review)
There is something for everyone here.
Adored walking through Central Park.  Wonderful gem in the heart of the city.
I went to new york for a couple days and i saw alot in those couple days and some things stood out and this was one of them.Now you think the empire state building,msg etc would catch my attention it did but not as much as this wonder of the world.This place is so freaken big and beautiful.I felt like i was doing so much as i was walking around in this jungle.What a nice and relaxing place this is.This place is a sanctuary from all the horns of taxis and exhaust from cars.If your in new york come walk by and give it a try..if you appreciate forresty and greenery then stop by this place is a much on your trip...they even have a zoo for the kiddies.
What do I love about Central Park?   Pssshhh, what don't I love about Central Park?   Of course there are the hot spots- Belvedere Castle, The Ramble, Bathseda Terrace, The Reservoir and the great Mall just to name a few... and I'm positive that you could go to the park every single weekend and still find pathways you never knew existed. My favorite though... is that the park is never lacking for characters.  The balloon making guys, the musical acts, those guys who dance and do backfips, that weird person who spray paints themselves gold and sits on a park bench and that's it...just sits on the bench and waits for people to notice(?).  Every single day there is someone interesting setting up shop in that park and that's awesome. Central Park is just awesome.
A phone call: I want a divorce. Another phone call: I want to marry you! A wife who is now a widow taking her kid son on a horse ride, tears flowing, while the son just thinks about how different it feels being off the pavement. A career change. No more law school - I want to be a doctor. How will mom and dad take it? A serious, young, successful couple hold hands during a foggy Saturday morning in autumn. And both of them wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the world. I need to lose these five extra pounds. I have to. 2 more miles. I can do it. A dentist that has lived in an apartment on Columbus - with a wife and kids. He walks through the park and thinks: how do I tell her I found somebody else? A writer comes up with an idea that will eventually win the Pulitzer Prize. A Japanese visitor decides he's moving to New York because of it. Think of everything it's seen, felt, heard.
Beautiful day today! NYC triathlon was going on earlier! I walked past a lot of runners and saw the finish line of the triathlon.
I believe Central Park is what keeps NYers sane.
Central Park is a huge rectangular park in the center of the universe, aka Manhattan.  Lawns, forests, flowers, baseball fields, miles of running and biking paths, lakes, boating, even a zoo--this park has it all.  New Yorkers are so lucky that no one built over this amazing lot of land.  Side note:  the boulders in Central Park were dropped here as passing glaciers covering the tri-state area crawled over the land.  Evidence of this is in the boulders themselves: all of the scratches in the rocks are pointing the same direction throughout the park!
Too touristy. MEH. Try Prospect Park in Brooklyn. You're welcome.
Quintessential New York, for without Central Park it would be another kind of town altogether. (Well, at least Manhattan. Remember yelpsters, the outer boroughs have some absolutely amazing - and much larger - parks..!) My favorite spots include Literary Walk and Bethesda Fountain, the ice skating rink/pond at 5th Ave and 59th, and the more rugged terrain on the northern end of the park. Now that I'll be moving closer to Central Park, I'm looking forward to reexploring it...
My second favorite place on earth. very close to being my first. Central park is like heaven on earth. It's magical. Not so much the crowded parts, while those are nice, and worth seeing, there are other, tucked away spots, more towards the UWS, that are the prettiest. 110th street, has a big hill thats the best for laying out, playing frisbee, reading a book, just being alone. Not many people around. My favorite thing to do is grab food from Whole foods, or subway if I'm around 110th, and have an impromptu picnic. Or get that chicken and rice on 59th and eat it in the park. The only place I avoid is the great lawn. to many people and can be realllly annoying. it doesnt take hours to go through cp, it takes days. go see it ALL. though I BEG you, do not take a horse carriage. they're most likely going to be banned anyway along with the new mayor (fingers crossed). I want to get married here! or maybe engaged :)
Central Park - you don't need another glowing review; however, I must pay homage to you!  You allow me to de-stress when the concrete and steel become too much. You allow me to nap on you and to take beautiful pictures. But after reading a couple of reviews, it appears that I'm not the only one you do this with.  So for that, you are a whore.  No hard feelings.
NYC is so lucky to have this wonderful place to walk, run, and just enjoy.  It's great for us tourists too.
This is my favorite park in the entire universe. That's all I have to say. 843 acres. From 59th street up to 110th street. Tip: Be prepared to WALK! (Updated only because I had a typo). They have everything here for Everyone! Whether you want to explore nature, go ice skating, take your kids to the zoo, go to the aquarium, ride your bike, have a picnic, take some photos especially if it's for a wedding, go for a jog and you might see a celebrity like Katie Holmes, go to the pool in the summer, play baseball, tennis, or just take a nap lol. I am not going to write a long review because there are just way too many things to list and talk about. I'm just confirming the rest of the one thousand and something reviews to just STOP BY HERE if you're ever in "The City" btw don't say Manhattan. Tip: If you don't want to sound like a tourist, refer to Manhattan as "The City" you know like Sex in the City. OMG I love that TV show and Movie. And I also like watching Friends and Seinfeld. Reminds me of THE CITY! I miss it dearly. Easy transportation by subway, only 15 minute ride in to the city from Queens and Brooklyn or 30 minute train ride from Nassau County, Roslyn city to be exact, is where I used to live. Jewish little town which I miss dearly as well. So I went to the aquarium which was a lot of fun, and I did ride the horse and carriage once but it wasn't as romantic as it seemed. Going down the street with a ton of cars flying pass you can be a bit scary. Anyway, if you're ever in NYC, put Central Park on your list!! It's a MUST SEE tourist attraction. They have everything for everybody. Spring and Fall would definitely be the best time. Summers are hot and humid while winters are wet and freezing. Although that never did stop me from visiting the city. I go no matter it was rain or shine, hot or freezing. I used to be that crazy. Not anymore. I'm not that crazy anymore. Are you crazy?! :)
In honor of 2009's first 65^F weather, I dedicate this review to that green leafy oasis eight blocks north of my concrete jungle... reefreshing :) Quite literally the heart of Manhattan.  Find me here: - on long or short walks after work - engrossed in the latest fiction (non-fiction just doesn't seem appropriate) - duck-watching by the pond - pondering my next "Monet-esque" creation ;) - day dreaming, brain-storming, de-stressing, venting, etc. etc. - running (more like jogging) - taking a lonng lunch break while eating sandwich from the deli - on a romantic stroll - people watching - picnicing - the zoo - climbing & lounging on top my favorite rock - napping (advise this ONLY if with a companion!) - ice-skating (haven't done this in ages!) - rendezvous-ing - boat house brunching - row boating/paddling -- again have not done this in awhile :/ - finding an excuse to go to the playground :) - horse poop dodging - sunset watching - Shakespeare in the Park - CENTRAL PARK SUMMER STAGE! - anything and everything I'm surprised only #338th reviewer?  Well, nothing else can be said that already hasn't been said.  I LOVE this place! :D
It's THE Park.   How many memories do we have of our Park, our backyard, the lungs of our city? Simon and Garfunkel reunited on a midsummer night's picnic.  That last turn back into the park at Columbus Circle after 26 miles of hurtin' pleasure. The Pope.  Kites! Flying each spring.  And The Gates, last dead of winter. Strawberry Fields: Imagine.   Imagine what difference John might have made ... Lazy softball, played like we did in 6th grade, before the competitive juices kicked in.  That lady, mummy-wrapped from head-scarf to running shoes, with that plaster of Paris all over her face, in 60 degree weather, shuffling her jog along. Before us, the Park in the 30's, with shanty towns and families living there, because they had nowhere else.  The 40's and 50's, pre-air conditioning, before drugs terrorized the City, when families would come out to sleep in the Park, to escape summer's apartment heat. Has any other city got a park with so many stories to tell?
I love Central Park. No matter what time of year this is a great place to hang out and there always something to do. In the winter you can ice skate or take a carriage ride through the Park. In the summer you can go to Shakespeare in the Park, Rollerblade or feed the ducks. No matter how old, or young, you are this place rocks. It's like finding your own little paradise in the middle of arguably the most exciting city in the world. (Which I think makes NYC even better.)
Central Park is what Yelper would call "local flavor."  It's every - ok, most - NYer's playground.  It's also what you make of it; an adventure, a tranquil escape, picnic grounds, sporting venue, nature walks or entertainment central, etc. (i.e. something for everyone).
Need I say more? This park was Manhattan's most iconic park, oh no, maybe one of the states's most iconic parks. The park is always full of people, who rambling, bicycling and walking the dog. The beautiful sceneries varies from seasons to seasons. I like the autumn best when most of the leafs turns orange, red and yellow. The weather is best in autumn at NYC. As a BKLNer, I like prospect park also.
My friends and I didn't even traverse half of the whole park, but we still loved this place. Shout out to my boy Frederick L. Olmsted for doing a damn good job planning this place out in the 19th Century. I could have walked through this place all day if I had the time. On any side of the park, there is something to do or see, so if you need something to do in Manhattan go to Central Park and find yourself an adventure.
Central Par is beautiful and the concept is cool BUT make sure you finalize a price before you hop on board and you pay attention. Some of these cab drivers are shady and just want to make as much money as they can as qucily as possible. i ended up filing a complaint with NYC consumer affairs and the cab driver actually wrote me a refund check out of his personal account after my complaint.  He agreed to one price to get us on, then told us if we wanted to go all thew ay aroundthe park it would be $120+. we told him no, thats not what we agreed on and to let us off. he said no no, stay i'll do it. then 25 mintues later we were back wehre we stareted ( the entire central park tour takes about an hour) after we tipped him and paid he said that he gave us a bad tour because you get what you pay for, then tried to get us to get out of there having his other cabbie friends yell at us and telling us they were going ot fight us if we didnt leave.   so we just took a pciture of his lic. and cab info and i reported it to consumer affairs.  in the end he gave me my money back but what a pain in the butt
Ever have one of those days where you feel like you're trapped in a cement box? Just take a few hours and get lost in Central Park. Maybe it's the grass, maybe it's the fact that you can lose yourself, but whatever it is, it will cure the big city blues. Every time.
This is one of the best places in NYC to go for a walk and enjoy the outdoors. A great place to snap some photos. Just be careful after dark.
Rightfully Manhattan's most iconic park, taking up at least 1/8 of the entire island, Central Park is where everyone flocks to seemingly get away from the hustle and bustle of city life. With a park this big, you actually can get away from it all. You can even get lost in it! (And I have done so on many occasions.) Since I spend most of my time in Queens and Long Island, I haven't explored this park much. From the handful of times I have wandered through Central Park, I've already noticed some consistent pros and cons about this park. Starting with the cons: (1) Since this park is so popular, it's usually crowded. This means, if you're hoping to claim a picnic table or have a nice large patch of grass all to yourself, you may be out of luck. It's only a good place for escaping crowds if you know all the hidden nooks in the park. (2) With lots of people comes lots of kids, dogs, and mess. Expect crying babies, kids throwing tantrums, dog poop, sticky benches (and sometimes smelly too... cause you know, that's where all the bums camp out at night), etc. (3) Bathrooms are questionable at best... Nyc + bathrooms + park... need I say more? (Then again, there are other parks with stellar bathrooms, like Bryant) (4) The park is a little too ridiculously big and without a map, you're sure to get lost. Walking from one end to the next is never fun so if you're contemplating getting from East Manhattan to West, I suggest not walking through this park. Take the crosstown bus or a mta line instead. (5) It's a tourist magnet! (Yes, as someone who's lived in nyc for too long, I really have started hating people, especially tourists. I avoid crowds like the plague. It's the first sign of becoming a true nyc-er.) Any place that's a tourist magnet is also a money-sucking-machine. The food carts are 2-3x more expensive than those in other parts of the city, there are horse-drawn carriages that rapidly burn holes in your wallet at an hourly rate, there are peddlers around who will try to sell you random things or services, etc. etc. This usually isn't a problem if you exude nyc-ness well enough, by which I mean putting on your best bitch-face or walking with fierce purpose and speed. Now for the pros: (1) Lots of trees and hidden nooks if you know where to look. These can be nice, peaceful sketching/reading/napping spots. There's one area with a small waterfall and a stone tunnel of sorts. I think it may be called the Ravine. That's one of my favorite spots to camp out and sketch in the summer. (2) There are some lovely sites like the Belvadere Castle, which sits high enough on a hill to provide you with a lovely view of the park and the surrounding areas. (3) There are large-ish bodies of water and if you're lucky enough to be in the park when there aren't too many people around, you can enjoy some peace and quiet while skipping pebbles. This of course, is very rare. People usually crowd around these bodies of water like animals around a watering hole. All in all, Central Park is just a touristy, somewhat over-rated park with a handful of nice, peaceful, off-the-beaten-path nooks where you can spend some time away from nyc, its people, its noise, and its filth.
No other park like it in the world x's THREE. Here is the park that rests on the capital of the world.....how much better can it get?
Central Park is an awesome place to hang out for an afternoon reading, playing volleyball, bike-riding, walking and just people watching.  There is a great deal of history in the park.  There is a zoo housing a variety of animals. It is a great place to attend an outdoor concert...many of them free! You'll see people rollerblading and horse & buggy rides.  it is a nice place for those who live in the city to 'go to the country' for a day!  If you go there, don't forget to see the Strawberry Fields site!
Up until a few days ago I've only seen and heard about Central Park on tv and in movies. Its a lot bigger than I had anticipated. We were here for a good hour walking around. I can only imagine how beautiful this place is during Winter when its snowing. Apparently this is the place were all the people come to jog and ride their bikes. There was also a memorial type thing here for the late John Lennon. A guy was standing there talking about his life. It was quite interesting. You can also get a horse carriage ride if your too lazy to walk.
This park has a little bit of everything. Bike trails, empty grass space, soccer fields, quieter nature trails, ponds and the meer, flower gardens, the zoo... I have been finding new interesting parts of the park for years. You will definitely find some interesting things happening here at night... ;-)
Walked into Central Park from the East side for the first time, instead of from the West as times in the past.   Such a huge, quiet and perfectly manicured place for respite.
On my recent trip to New York, I fell back in love with Central Park. I took my son there and he loved it, Especially the rocks that we spent an hour climbing. A great place ,and i cannot wait to walk it's paths once again. Also, I walked underneath a bridge, and there was someone playing jazz, and it was one of those moments, where everything was perfect. The location,weather,Company, and my soul, were all in synch
What can I say that has not already been said about this beautiful and important landmark of New York? It is my favorite place in the city and I like that you can always find something new in the park if you do not mind trekking outside your normal route through the park. There are endless amount of things to do here be it winter or summer and it is a park that automatically makes you feel comfortable even when you are working out. What has always impressed me about this park is, it is truly a get away in the city. If you go to the middle of the park you no longer hear the hustle and bustle of the city and you are just in the out doors where you have a panorama of the city above the trees. Another thing is, the smell is so much better especially in summer time than in the city, so if you need to get away from the rotting waste that is on the sidewalk then come into the park and enjoy the smell of grass. I have done my bootcamps here and it is a perfect place to work out, be it bootcamps, running or biking. There are so many sports happening in this park that you can not help but feel better just walking around. I am a walking kinda person and I have taken numerous amounts of walks both on my own or with friends and I think this is a perfect park for walking. You will always see something new and give yourself the time to explore the wildlife around you. I have seen theater shows with Al Pacino and Anna Hathaway, the Philharmonics, Whitney Houston singing, Alicia Keys and No Doubt playing so it is also a venue for the greats, so do not be shy to come out and experience a park in all its wonders...
What a gorgeous park!  I didn't get to see too much of it; we only took a walk through Strawberry Fields to see John's memorial and check out The Dakotas.  It was a chilly day in January, but it was still beautiful.  We had a lovely morning wandering the trails and taking in the sights.  I can't wait to visit NYC again and see the rest of the park!
Stunning year round with some of the best urban views this country has to offer.  I don't know what New York would do without it's trees.
I love Central Park in all it's beauty. You can literally get lost in this park for hours and come along gorgeous archways. Although I do think about that Jodi Foster movie sometimes and walk a little faster through the tunnels. The grass here goes on for days, they have a waffles and dinges truck (foodie always). The lake is so romantic and you can often find that a couple is getting married somewhere. I also like the giant rocks everywhere since sometimes the grass can be damp. Iconic New York spot.
I have never been any happier giving a place five stars. Central Park is seriously in the middle of New York buildings and it is such a great getaway from the city...in the city. The park is absolutely huge and there is so much life here. You see people just wandering and walking the multiple streets or sitting on the bench just people watching and enjoying other people's company. There are caricature sketchers and a man making some huge bubbles for the little kids. You can also go on a horse drawn carriage like you see in the movies. That is friggin cute if you did that on a date. Everywhere you turn, you can see so much beauty in nature and the people. I have never experienced such a charming charismatic location with such character and history. The best part was that in the middle of the park, there was just a huge group roller skating and dancing like there was no tomorrow. They were seriously pulled out of disco fever movie and they didnt have a worry at all. You should have seen how much carefree fun they were having. Man, dat charm. If you walk further into the park, there is actually a lake! One of the most perfect settings for a cute date since you can rowboat or sit at the ledge close to the water. It is absolutely gorgeous how you see these boats rowing in this grand beautiful lake and in the background you see the tall skyscraper buildings that New York is oh so known for. You really cant get a better picture of nature and city in one. Once again, I just paused and breathed everything in because you just dont find these types of places in SF, let alone SJ. I can only imagine how magical this place it is at night time or during the holidays. This is definitely the best park I have ever been to and I appreciate the little time I had here :) **TIPS** 1) This is the BEST place to visit in New York. Not even kidding. It is better than all those buildings and other classic tourist attractions. 2) Enjoy every second of this place. It is slow pace and the most relaxing time ever. 3) ENJOYYYYYY!!!! :D
It's just amazing.  We came in spring and flowers were blooming, everything was green and beautiful.  Its so massive that as many people that visit, it doesnt seem crowded.  As for my non food establishments, this was my favorite attraction in NYC.
I've been here several times to relax, to explore, etc.  This time in particular I came for the Tosca opera. Central Park's colors shined as bright as a firefly's ass at night that evening and I was particularly impressed.  My friends and I popped open a Stella right in front of the park rangers- they didn't look twice.  Then, when it was time to hit the can, the bathroom boasted 20+ stalls!  I can't complain.  The place has everything: beauty, music, lenient drinking policies and adequate bathrooms!
What is there not to love about Central Park? The place is gorgeous and you can always find the perfect spot. This is where my husband proposed, overlooking the lake =) If you're on a date, opt for the boat ride on the lake rather than the smelly horse-carriage ride.
Simply amazing. Im an outdoors guy who loves living in big cities. Central park is an oasis in the concrete jungle. There is always something going on whether its jogging, dining at one of its several cafes, or catching up with friends by a fountain or lake. There is really no bad time to be in Central park: flowers in the spring and summer, carriage rides in the fall, ice skating in the winter. In a city where the population density rivals that of a rush hour train in Tokyo, Central Park should be considered a national treasure and one of New York's greatest accomplishments.
Biggest public park I've ever been to.  Beautiful landscapes and scenery with so many places to sit, ponder, play, stroll, imagine, walk, run, sing, shout, hide, enjoy and frolic :)
Central Park stretches from 59th street all the way to 110th connecting the East side to the West. There is an array of things to see and do. Here are some: Jogging around the reservoir or the entire park Tanning on the Great Lawn or watching a baseball game(86th st) Handball and Basketball at the North Meadow(96th st) Sledding?(find a hill with an abundant amount of snow) Rent a bike and explore John Lennon's mural People taking wedding photos There is so much more I cannot remember but I will update when I do. Literally, you can spend a day here and best part is, ITS FREE!
The best park ever. I love the contrast between the peaceful setting of such a beautiful park in the midst of the craziness that is New York and the hustle and bustle of life. Every time I go to New York this place is a must. Cant say enough about it I just love it. Just enjoy!
Only The Best Park in the U.S. why?  a really nice spot to take a date in the winter. quite romantic, and yes, in the winter, in the snow. it's amazing =]
Horse dung, Belgian Waffle truck, harassed to take a carriage ride (it started from the Apple Store all the way to the Park), dirty Statue of Liberty street performer, horse dung, tourists, plenty of them, Dirty water, people rolling in the grass, barefoot, gross, horse dung.
Such a large, beautiful park. I love how from an aerial view Central park is this gigantic green square in the middle of Manhattan. Anyway, it's lovely and I'm glad it's there and will remain there. ~G
If you don't like Central Park, then you can get the heck outta the tri-state area. It is so large, and absolutely gorgeous. Sometimes you even forget you are in the middle of Manhattan. I find myself 'cutting' through the park frequently now that it isn't cold. Also,  I just want to say that those people who comment that NYC is too much "concrete and steel" have no idea how amazing CP is.
Vaux and Olmsted's crowning achievement. Is there a better urban space in the world? First day in NYC, I walked from 110/CPW to 57th/5th Ave. Yuz needz betta food trucks.
Romantic, full of people, and just great park to be in the middle of NYC!! Huge park. It brings the big city some down time just being in the park. The views are beautiful with the city skyline.
Amazing. For time alone, with your significant other, family, kids or friends. I still haven't seen all that this park. So much exploring to do, and so little time.
Best. park. ever. I've probably been here 30+ times and likely still have seen less than 1/30th of it. Back when I interned in NY, I used to come here all the time to chill and read, because when you're an intern, free a heck of a lot better than, well, not free. In any case, the girlfriend and I had a picnic in Central Park, chock full of NY pizza (yelp.com/biz/zorbas-pizz…), cheap Chinese (yelp.com/biz/pic-up-stix…) and dessert to boot (yelp.com/biz/crumbs-new-…). It was, naturally, delicious, with the added bonus of watching the world go by. Upon finishing our lunch, the girlfriend promptly fell asleep in the soft grass. I watched some dudes play softball and saw a couple try to teach their dog how to play fetch. Best. afternoon. ever.
Love the park and everytime I go I find something new to see.  Be sure to devote enough time to truly explore all that Central Park has to offer! (zoo, lake, boating, live music, cafe etc)
honestly I don't know how anyone could NOT enjoy this park. there are SO many pathways and little spots and then the popular ones of course.. this place is a classic must-visit and if possible, great to spend a whole day exploring. there's lots to do here so trust me, you will never get bored. plus, it's beautiful! and DEFINITELY stop by in the fall! I cannot stress that enough!
I spend more time near the pond at Central Park South.  I'm still scared of it at night though.  I used to live a block away and almost never went there.  The trees are beautiful in the Fall and Winter.  When people lay down on the grass, I feel like I'm on a college campus.
What's a better way to end this Yelp 100 challenge by writing a review update for Central Park? I didn't think that I would actually get to visit Central Park much more often and left so many memories there this last year - well I guess when I first started participating the 100 challenge, I didn't even think I would end up in NYC. Central Park gives me a much needed escape from the urban environment even though it is still full of joggers on weekend mornings. There are so much to the park that I haven't even got to explore yet. It is crowded during the day but completely dead after dark. The best thing about this park is that it's FREE! Free is good, especially in the big apple. I can't wait to go back more often in this coming year. The park is huge. You could actually walk through the entire park under 2 hours. If you are tired, just hop on B, C, 1, 2, 3, or 6 line for $2.25 subway ride. You can't miss Central Park if you are in town!
Big ass environmental oasis in the middle of a concrete jungle.  I'm pretty sure without Central Park, the people of New York would not get enough oxygen and die.  If there were more trees people would get more oxygen and not be as grouchy.  True Story.  q=D. All kidding aside, Central Park is a great refuge from the fast-paced city life.  You can catch some rays, relax, read a book, and throw a football around, away from the loud city noises.  The jogging and biking trails seem to be pretty popular.  I saw a few boats on the lakes as well.  When you get hungry, there are food stands nearby.
This is one of the most beautiful civic features of any city in the world. I wish there was a central Park in every city I visit.
I adore Central Park, it literally has so much variety and things to do its ridiculous...i still havent explored the whole thing (at least the upper portion)!  I remember the zoo from when i was a little kid, i love the boathouse, and tavern on the green is where i would have my wedding reception if i could pick anywhere in the world!  its great to come and lay out here, and renting boats is a must!
Skating or going for a run in Central Park...? Gotta be part of the perfect NCY day! (-:
Central Park is OK for a cute little park in the middle of a city like New York surrounded by buildings. I personally would rather see more mountains but if that is what you like sure be surrounded by buildings. Haha :) you know how it is. You have to hate on things you wish you had and I'm hating jk. Honestly Central Park is one of the places I really wanted to visit when I knew I was going to be in New York. It's been featured in so many of my favorite movies and you just can't be a tourist visiting New York without going to Central Park. It is huge and very beautiful. I took a long walk around, looking for some of the cool spots, and what I thought covered some ground barely touch a quarter of the southern part of the park. So what can you do in Central Park? Well just from what I saw you could ride around in a horse drawn carriage or by a bike. You can feed, hunt, or take pictures with the squirrels. You can walk, run, or hike around the various paths. People watch and take pictures. There are so many other things to do and see that I didn't like the Central Park Zoo, the Carousel, the Conservatory, statues and bridges, the Lake, the Reservoir, the Pond, the various walks, gardens, and nature stuff. Take a tour, have a picnic, lay down and take a nap. Watch the performers. I could go on. I don't know how it is during the rest of the year but when I was there in the summer there were people all over the place especially along the bike paths, it was like I was walking through a Tour de France race. I want to go back during the winter and see the park covered in snow. I want meet Kate Beckinsale in the middle of Wollman Rink. I'll buy a dozen black gloves from Bloomingdale's. I want to see the pigeon lady from Home Alone 2 and run around like Kevin McCallister. I want to walk along the Mall and Literary Walk. I just found an awesome clip on youtube showing a bunch of film at Central Park. youtu.be/KJ-LDRzS4Pc  I'll be back. I just found one review plagiarizing another haha. yelp.com/biz/central-par…
I grew up in the pre-Giuliani days when you didn't go to Central Park, except maybe up to about 70th St on a sunny morning when there were other people around.  This is not a review of those days. I like Central Park now, I feel safe there,  and I will happily wander around and get lost in it, carrying my camera and meandering aimlessly like some tourist from Arkansas that lost his fanny pack.  There are lakes, paths, fields, bridges, a zoo, and more.  Central Park is magic and you should check it out.  I still look for a way out when it's getting close to sunset but I blame Koch and Dinkins for that.  (Don't get too uppity about this, Republicans.  The city has lost some of its magic under Bloomberg, but this isn't a review of Gracie Mansion so I'll leave it at that.)
How can anyone not love Central Park. I spent three of my six days in the city here.  I explored most of the park, which is freaking huge.  I knew the park was big, but not this big.  It's huge!  We walked all over, took a boat ride in the lake, sat by the fountain, walked through the gardens, people watched, fell asleep under a tree, got my portrait drawn by an amazing artist from Bulgaria, had ice cream and hot dogs, watched squirrels, fed ducks and geese (although I don't think we were supposed to), watched people fish in the Harlem Meer (can you do that) and then watched a marsh bird attempt to eat a huge catch, walked around the reservoir and gazed at the city skyline, laughed at dogs chasing squirrels,.and I don't even know what else.   I love Central Park, and I wish we had one here in LA.
Central Park...those times when I went row boating with my friends, ice skating, having picnics...oh yea and that time having a picnic on a HUGE rock because the soil was all soggy from the rain, frisbee tossing, a stroll with my camera, seeing very interesting people and musicians, walk-a-thons, having allergies like I've never had allergies before once I walk into the deeper forestry areas, and of course the beautiful autumn leaves! It's the closest thing to nature, while it's located right in the middle of Manhattan, how awesome is that?
I don't really know what to say about Central Park. It's one of those places. It's used in so many movies you just have to go there. And unlike, say, Serendipity 3, you don't have to spend money to experience Central Park. I've built snowmen in Central Park (at 18) with my friends freshman year of college, I've walked aimlessly through the park 100's of times, shot student films there (with permits), I've taken an infinite number of goofy pictures in Central Park, I've REALLY crashed roller blading there (man, I really come off immature, huh?) and watched adult softball games for fun. You've got to go there if you haven't been. It's really fun no matter the season. And you can always find a part of the park you've never been to before.
I've always loved Central Park, but on Saturday I got to do something I'd never done before: jogged through the park!  I've been to the park on almost every visit to NYC, but had never brought the running shoes.  On the last trip, I made sure they were packed.  It truly is a wonderful park. On Sunday, I took a Citifari photography tour through the park (see separate review for that) and loved every minute of being in the park. To all the New Yorkers that can use the park anytime: don't take it for granted...it's an amazing place that most of us don't get to experience too often.
Winter, spring , summer, or fall, All you have to do is call. And I'll be there [at Central Park]. So I'm borrowing some words from James Taylor because Central Park is just beautiful as the seasons change. Seeing it in the winter time covered in snow is truly magical especially when it's this California girl's first experience with snow. In autumn, the different colored leaves just brighten up the park in a way I've never seen before. If I had kids, I would just let them run free, climb the giant rocks, and ride the carousel. There are so many things to see in Central Park that I saw different things in each trip. In the winter, the horse drawn carriage is a cute idea but doesn't take you very far. The rickshaw covers more ground especially if you have tired and cold feet. Plus, you don't have to worry about the horse poop. Many TV shows and movies are filmed here, and the different spots remind me of Kevin McCallister or the opening of Friends. One of my favorite spots is the Strawberry Fields with the homage to John Lennon. Imagine is the word that resonates emotions regarding theme and song. It was cool seeing the flowers around it lined up like the peace sign and seeing fellow fans take pictures.
Possibly the most famous park in the world, this huge island of green in the centre of Manhattan has been an essential place for the city's inhabitants to escape to since it was opened in 1873. The need for some form of public open space in New York had been identified as early as the 1840s, but it wasn't until 1857 that a competition was held to choose a design. It was won by landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted and architect Calvert Vaux, whose planned but naturalistic design was inspired by contemporary public parks in Europe. At nearly 850 acres, it is more than half as large again as Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. An early innovation was the separation of routes for pedestrians, carriages and horse riders. The design required huge earthworks as well as the eviction of over 1,500 residents in the designated area, and the planting of millions of trees and shrubs from 1,500 different species, so it was not until 1873 that it was finally completed. The park was an instant success, but over the years suffered neglect, until by the 1970s it had a reputation for muggings and criminality, although in the southern half at least, this was probably exaggerated. Nevertheless, the park was in a poor condition, and it required concerted action, and a new structure of governance and management under the Central Park Conservancy to turn things around. The park is once again thriving and a cherished part of the city, and one of the safest urban parks in the world. The park contains many attractions in addition to the parkland and sports facilities it is famous for, most notably the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Central Park Zoo and the various landscaped lakes and ponds, including the huge 106 acre reservoir - itself larger than many city parks; there are also outdoor performance spaces, and theatre and concerts take place regularly in the summer. Many area have been designated as wildlife conservation zones, and the park has a rich flora and fauna. A unique feature of the park is the 'rim' of tall buildings that surround it, which are visible from almost every part of the park. This gives it the feel of a gigantic swimming pool and, indeed, a friend's description that it looked like a 'great big green swimming pool' from the top of the Empire State Building is still to my mind the best description of it!
Why review Central Park after 800+ others?  Because I can!  That said, there's not much for me to add.  It's a beautiful spot in a bustling city; a wonderfully relaxing park with a number of fun diversions and areas for fun diversions.  I especially liked the Ramble area (the more 'natural' middle section) and the Bethesda Bridge and fountain.  I also saw some fascinating and entertaining behavior by ducks -- swimming in tight circles with their heads underwater -- in a couple spots in the Lake, which, if normal here, will also make the lake one of my favorite spots to return to...and hopefully sometime figure out what they were doing.
I'm so excited that it's finally starting to warm up in NY! Running around the reservoir and the beautiful blooming trees cheers me up no matter how crazy my life is. I don't think I know a single person who doesn't enjoy occasional trips to central park...everyone needs a little bit of nature once in a while.
Sure it's the touristy thing to do, and glad I did this 2 in 1 while cutting across to the museum today lol.  Still impressed by the size of it all, right in DT where i'm sure those greedy developers would love to get their paws on this land. but I didn't see any mountains or ocean/bay of water like our beloved Stanley Park ;) en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St… One big plus though, is I like the fact that one can take the subway to get here, unlike in Vancouver. Granted, I'm sure it's a 4-star to others who appreciate the nature, etc but I won't necessarily be going out of the way to re-visit on my  next trip to NY.
One of the attractions that comes to people's minds when they think of New York is Central Park. It's probably the only place on the Manhattan island where you can actually breathe fresh air and come in peace with nature.  My favorite season to go is spring. Spring/summer days are filled with outdoor events and festivals. In the winter, you can go iceskating or bring your own sled and slope down the hills. Fall is great for picturesque viewing of the tree foilage. Overall, every season has its central perks. I remember back in the 90's , I would always hear on the news that people would get randomly robbed or murdered in the park. I was forbidden to go unless I was accompanied by my parents but I believe over the years, the security has improved significantly. Of course, it also depends on the time of the day you go. If you go during normal hours, you are generally safe. (Note: What's considered "normal" for some of you depends on your judgment. Park visitors' discretion is advised).   Personally, I love the park when it doesn't get too crowded on the road.  I am a frequent runner in Central Park and don't like when aggressive bikers try to cut me off into my running lane just because they think they are much "cooler" with their $1,000+ bikes. My legs are priceless but at least I'm much cooler for not being obnoxious about my sportsmanship.   Whether you're an outdoor or indoor person, Central Park is a must- see-and-experience place to be.  I can't think of any other place in NYC where you can escape from the traffic and noise and be in harmony with mother nature.
A natural oasis in the middle of steel and concrete. AND it has turtles! What else do you need? How about playgrounds, boating, sculptures, annoying people doing a photo shoot around you, brides and grooms, horses, blue jays, bikes, a zoo, and much much more. Love it!
What can I say about Central Park that all other have already mentioned?  Because of all the generation donations from everyone, this is the most well manicured Park in NYC.  With lots of space to bike/ picnic/ run/ and hold any outdoorsy event you can think of, this is the place to revisit again and again.
yay for the ny philharmonic and 14,000 of my closest friends. and fireworks by gucci? was that for real? fantastic!
For as long as I can remember, Central Park has always been one of my favorite places in New York. It's probably the largest park that I've been to in the country, and it definitely has the most to do. Now I'm not talking about Central Park South, where there are just hot dog vendors and random set up shops. I'm talking about everything that this park has to offer. When I first started coming to Central Park as a visitor in college, I didn't fully appreciate it in its grandeur. All I did was just do a quick walk through and then head back downtown to do my business. Now that I've made the move and settled down as a permanent resident, I've actually had the time to explore this park. If you're a runner, then rejoice. Central Park is an amazing place to run, with the full park loop at roughly 6 miles. You can go from Central Park South all the way up and around the park, or for shorter distances, run the reservoir or shorter loops. There are great inclines along the way, and a good amount of scenery to look at and keep you entertained. Hands down, this is one of my favorite places to train, and it's also the home of several races throughout the year. Running aside, there are just too many things to talk about. For starters, if you're here in the summer, New York puts on its Summerstage Concert Series which has tons of big/small name bands. Want to go on a picnic? Then head to one of the many lawns, including the Great Lawn, where you can just hang out, toss the frisbee, and have a great time. If your cup of tea is just walking around, then Central Park has got you covered. From the waterfall, Strawberry Fields, to Belvedere Castle. Say you want to visit the Met. Well luckily its right at Central Park East, so you can have a nice walk before/after your visit. I can go on and on about the vast amount of things to do at this park. Sure it does have its overpriced vendors, but I still love this park to death. There really isn't any other park that comes to mind in which you can do this many different things, and still be right smack in the city.
My first time here! It was very very pretty. I've been to a lot of great parks and this is one that I will definitely revisit. There were a lot of people but everyone was just peacefully enjoying the ambiance of a cool summer day. Children were playing on the playground, families/couples were lounging on blankets, people were jogging/running, and others were reading, sleeping etc. The park was very nice. We climbed on top of the large rocks, and walked a few laps. Next time I visit I'd like to bring my jogging shoes. There were also little kiosk along the paths if visitors didn't feel like leaving the park, they could just eat there. There are also public restrooms which is a plus. I'm certain I'm not saying too much that people haven't already heard or know :) It was just very green and scenic. I felt like I was on a movie.lol I would say, if you visit NYC you most certainly have to stop here. Leading up to the park there are fountains and statues. Many people were taking pictures and performing. Gotta love NYC, you can literally walk down the street and see so much. Very fun - i'm getting the itch to move here again, but I probably should make a little more money first.lol I would like to visit here during the fall to see the autumn.
I don't understand how people could NOT rate this 5 stars. I get in my 6 mile loop runs here. There are people of all types - I literally ran past a guy with a parakeet on his shoulder and then 2 miles later saw a guy running while juggling. God I love this city. Gotta love the carousel, the castle, and all the vendors offering hot dogs, Popsicles, and pretzels. Also, the ROLLERBLADDERS. They may be my favorite part of the whole park. Dance party on roller blades along with a homeless guy with no shirt AND no rollerblades doing Michael Jackson dance moves. Where do I sign up?
Thank God New Yorkers have this place to escape to! Could you imagine not having Central Park to stroll though, to get lost in or, just sit on a park bench? I don't even live there and I say, no! I went in the dead of winter but still could see it's beauty and imagine what it would be like in Spring or Fall. A stroll through Central Park has to be on your list when you come here. There's no way around it.
LOve, love, love, love, love this place!  Such a nice change of pace from the city...you can actually come here and be able to look up at the sky and feel like your in a totally different place!  In case your wondering, cause I know I was, there is a huge entrance on Central Park South and another one as you turn the corner on fifth, as well as many other ones through out the park. The Horse carriages carry maximum 4 people if your interested in taking a stroll around, but we walked from the south end of the park all the way up to the Met, it was a great walk and very beautiful...we took a lot of beautiful pics here.
The most wonderful park in the world? Perhaps, but definitely the best in NYC! There's tons of space for you to do whatever: stroll, run, walk, blade, cycle, horse carriage! We come here every time we come to NYC. Bring a hat on a hot summer day because you can be walking for a while. If this is your first time to NYC, this should be on your top 10 to do list.
Hey NY yelpers! I came here back in 2009 and I'm excited to go back to NYC this coming Feb! More venturing around this amazing park! I've been to many parks around the world and I have to say CP is one of my favorites! I enjoyed biking and walking the park. If you have extra time I suggest renting a boat and cruise the lake! My BFF and I had lunch out on the water in the boat and it was really nice. Another highlight is CP zoo and the ice rink. :) Great place to get lost, people/dog watch, enjoy lunch and spend time with a friend or a lover. 3 more months till I get my CP fix! Love!!! -Miss Yelp 2011
This park means so much to me.  I proposed to the most amazing woman here.  I am sure there are many people who have been proposed to here... but Nov 22 2009 was our day.   The sun was out, the trees were beautiful with their bright orange, brown, yellow, and green leaves.   Central Park was amazing, and a breath of fresh air. I will never forget this day, and place.
I absolutely LOVE Central Park, it has beautiful views and you can get a lot of wonderful pictures in here.  They have ice skating, zoo and more.  You can get a carriage ride around.  There are little carts for food, and people there who can draw you.  It is just a nice place to take a walk through.
Saw a review of this and thought it'd be pretty funny to review this: DUH 5 STARS!!
Simply put, this park has EVERYTHING! Never could've imagined it. I wish we had parks like this in Hawaii, but then again, this park is probably just a big as an island in Hawaii. I took a horse carriage around the park which was pretty cool, but if you're not into that then the bike cabs are a much cheaper way of getting around. And the guys bust their butts peddling you around. It's crazy! No doubt the best park I've ever been to. If you intend to stop and check everything out, make sure you got some water and your walking shoes on or else you'll suffer.
Okay, so I got lost walking from upper westside to the east, haha! I took a little trail off of 103rd and was lost somewhere in the middle and ended up back on the west side going under a pretty bridge and just around the corner a beautiful pond. Its so beautiful here! I ended up having a picnic before I continued on my way. I love how so many people come on their own for a walk, bike ride, to read, or to walk their dog. There is some construction going on on the south-east side (by the Met) so it's tricky to go around. It's so crazy how such a beautiful park can exist in the middle of a huge city. I very much fell in love with it! I was quite fortunate enough to have a very sweet kiss on the south west end by Columbus Circle. Very sweet.
Its hard to say anything new about CP that hasn't already been stated (not that Ive read any review's). Ill explain at least why I am not giving CP 5 stars. For one, its not quite my favorite park (see Prospect, or Inwood). Secondly, it gets SOO overcrowded. And of course mostly by tourists, not to sound like a tourist-ist. Also you are not allowed to throw a football in Sheep Meadow (or any meadow, for that matter I believe). That being said, CP is pretty F'n awesome. From Alice In Wonderland, to Strawberry Fields. There are amazing concerts in the summer at Summerstage. There's ice skating at Wollman Rink, or in the Harlem Meer. There are so many redeeming places that will always hold a dear place in my heart. You must check out Sundays in the park, just south of Sheep Meadow when the weather is nice. It was always crazier when the Roxy was still open. But it is still a fun sight to see. Dont forget to check out the Bramble's- Oh My!
Ehh.. I prefer Prospect Park.
Even attempting a Yelp review of Central Park is sort of like reviewing King Lear or Citizen Kane.  There is so much to do, so much to explore, you can literally devote a lifetime to it, and many have.  There's serenity, there's people-watching, there's recreation, there's wildlife, there's just plain FUN.  There's a million things I'm leaving out.  If for some bizarre reason you live or have spent even a day or two in New York, and HAVEN'T been there, why of course, by all means....turn off the computer and GO.
I love Central Park.  A wonderful nature walk in the middle of Manhattan.  There is literally nothing about it that should be changed.  An iconic, wonderful way to spend your day.
Had a terrific, relaxing time today at Central Park.  If you don't know your way around Central Park, you will be bound to get loss in the massive grassland and long jogging trails.   We entered through the 79 Street entrance and headed to the baseball field.  There were baseball games back to back and pretty intense.  Kids were great!  The grass was dry and the sun was glaring.  So perfect that you will see bikini ladies sunbathing in the middle of the park.  Joggers and runners all around try to work up a sweat.   A must see spot is the Central Park Zoo where you will engage with sea lion feeding, penguin feedings, pollarbear, flamingos, monkeys, snow leopards.  Also nearby, you will be able to feed the animals.  There are so much activities, but I would say 2 hours would be enough.  It is extremely small compared to other zoos, such as Bronx Zoo and Prospect Zoo.   From a distance, I have walked by the Wollman Rink in the winter days and strolled by the carousel.- merry go round.  They are a hit and kids love them.   Central park is huge, safe, and clean.
How great of a place is this! I was fortunate enough to be visiting NYC on a gorgeous (sunny and 80s) weekend in early May and we spent pretty much our whole day Saturday wandering the park.  SO wonderful.  Not much more to say than that.  What a fantastic urban oasis.
I love you SOOOO much.  I love your zoo.  I love your location.  I love your size.  I love you man.
Obviously a must-see. It's a beautiful, serene escape from the craziness of the city. Just walking around is so peaceful and almost meditative, but if you prefer you can also jog/read/go to the zoo/play sports/engage in countless other activities. It's wonderful.
Central Park is a very LARGE park.  Yes, I know anyone could have told me that, but go figure I had to find that out for myself.  Maybe I should have looked at a map before trekking all over the park in search of Strawberry Fields.  I didn't.  And instead, I got to enjoy a beautiful walk around the Central Park until we reached Strawberry Fields. The park is beautiful.  So many sites to see, and I'm sure I didn't even see all of them.  There were people of all different ages, races, walks of life traveling around the park. I kept imagining and telling myself that if I ever lived in New York or stayed at a place close to the park, I would make the effort to go running around this park as well, each time taking a different route and explore.
Dearest Central Park, Thank you for being EVERYTHING that I expected you to be and then some! I love Central Park! In the midst of the noise and electric energy that runs through the veins of New York, you are that peaceful retreat! Your rocks make for excellent photo ops and not to mention a challenge to climb--I'm a bit of a klutz at times. You're the perfect place for families, for lovers, for students looking for some shade to study! You're quite the accommodating host! It makes me smile to think of how big you are and although I saw plenty, there's so much more of you to discover and experience! Until next time Central Park--continue to be NY's best park :) Rachel M.
It amuses me that I can review Central Park on Yelp, and so here I am. I adore that this city gave me the chance to lie on my back and watch the clouds go by while the New York Philharmonic played Bolero. That was really wonderful. I also love the photo opportunities, the random places I find, and the swing sets after dark.
Lovely.  If you're in the mood to sing the "Summer Wind" in public while walking this is the place. Just next time people, please, there's no need to tip me.
Cool park only saw a small portion of it and if I had more time I would've ice skated. It was great watching people fall. I didn't really have any expectations but my girlfriend and I just strolled about and enjoyed our day.
One of the most beautiful parks I've been. Such an iconic park and featured in many things. Theres everything in there including a ZOO! Theres Metropolitan Museum of Art in eastside of park. It's HUGE. Theres treesthat goes back hundreds of years and beautiful art works and sculptures.
I am in LOVE with this park and I can see why everyone else does especially when you live in a concrete jungle and places like Central Park are just about the only traces of nature within city limits. This is a place you can honestly spend hours at and it's not just because it spans about 50 streets long. Central Park provides a place for picnics, running, casual strolls, street performances, horse drawn carriages rides..I even saw an intimate wedding here and the fire department put on a safety training exhibition to about 200 elementary school students! It's an awesome place to spend the day and a trip in New York wouldn't be complete without a visit to this very popular attraction.
I love taking the train to the northern-most part of the park and walking down as far as my legs and schedule will allow.  There are always beautiful people and scenery to watch.  I especially enjoy the willows.  There are playgrounds within the park for the kids.  There are beautiful benches made completely of tree trunks and thick branches.  You can walk along the outside to not get lost as easily.  You can join in on sports.  It's really pleasant.   The only reason I don't 5-star it is because the paths aren't always conduscive to the route you want to take.  Besides that, it can't be beat :-)
oh why oh why! Can't I have a park like Central Park where I live!!! Where do I began... We walked from one end to the other end-covering the restaurants, carousals, the fountain, lil gift store houses, etc... We saw people working out/taking boot camp classes.... they had a charity event going on so we saw people running/walking... It was amazing! Next time I'm staying close by so I can go for jog in the morning.
It was absolutely magical and stunning in the snow! Cold yes... maybe even borderline freezing but it was so beautiful. I can't wait to see the green grass and trees in the Spring!
What everyone says is true, you forget you're in the middle of Manhattan when you walk through here. This place is huge and I spent a couple of hours here and only saw a small portion. This place is a must see in NYC. The Italian ice Popsicles are excellent on a hot day as well.
If you are from some part of Europe, and have been in saying some where like German countryside or British castles, to compare, I'd not give a credit of this park at all. I mean common, this is the only big park in this area. It's a place residents spend their spare time, take a walk, exercise, blablabla. It's like lungs of NYC. Disregard the zoo area. It's a good place to take a view. A shortcut to walk through ... em, Eh, feeling weird. Ok, in other word, I don't know what happened but I like to see those photos I took of those views in the park, but I don't want to walk in it for another time if I don't have to.
I don't have anything bad to say about Central Park. I love coming here for a nice picnic in the park. Heck with all the mania around NYC, I don't mind just sitting and reading a book at the bench. I'm so glad for this park because it truly makes NYC a better place. I don't like the smell that I smell when I walk around but thats unavoidable given that horse drawn carriages are EVERYWHERE! I could easily fall asleep under a tree with the picnic blanket under me. Lots of space for the children to play around although I didn't like the children that were left unsupervised pulling at the tree branches and leaves! Okay, I disgress. I love it here and it's calming to the east coast soul.
Even to this day and after many times in this park I can still get lost and find new sights. Wandering around yesterday, took a free different trails, and ended up finding another stream among the rocks in a picturesque setting. Little bridge and benches cobbled together by tree branches that looked like something out of Hansel and Gretel. Love this place!
I'm happy to have experienced Central Park during all 4 seasons.  It's spring time now and the trees that are in blossom are so beautiful.
We went here almost everyday on our trip to NY to go jogging.  Simply beautiful and a place to get away from the city.  It is best on the weekdays, weekends are of course crowded with tourist and more tourist.
It's a nice place to get outdoors and enjoy some fresh air away from the concrete jungle of midtown and downtown.  The park as a lot to offer.   My last visit I walked from 59th to 110th.  It was a refreshing way to spend a sunny spring afternoon.  The park has a lot to offer with the different fountains, statues, bridges, and lakes to look at.  I could spend 2 days walking through this park and not see everything.
Really? Can I give "Central Park" anything less than 5 stars? It's a great gathering place. Great in the summer for picnics and lounging out on Sheeps' Meadow, while I actually really enjoy long walks and scenery in the fall with all the changing leaves. Despite being in the middle of The City and tons of people, the park seems to be really clean all the time. Even right after the NYC marathon, I hardly saw any trash. Two thumbs up for everyone keeping the park clean!! I've been here many times, but I always manage to find something new. I can't wait for my next trip to The City.
After schlepping all over town, sweaty and smelly, Central Park was exactly what I needed. Great place to gather your thoughts and people watch. But to be honest, Golden Gate Park will always be my number one. What can I say, I'm biased! ;)
I love it. Especially now since fall is here.
First time in New York City? Get your butt over here. You cannot visit New York without taking a stroll in Central Park. It's such a huge contrast to everything that is New York. New York itself is so busy, dense, and so much going on. Don't get me wrong, Central Park has plenty going on, but it's just a nice change in scenery to see nature and green and a more relaxing attraction of the city. Central park is HUGE. Everyone has said it before, and I will say it again. I think only a REAL NYC native would be able to distinguish certain areas of the park. You can spend an ENTIRE DAY here, and if you have the time, I highly suggest it. EXPERIENCE IT, don't just see it. But if time is not on your side, try to make it an effort to cross through different sections to get to your other destinations. There are so many familiar sights that you've once witnessed in a TV show or movie, or WILL witness in shows and movies to come. Many scenes are constantly shot here for a reason. The park is truly beautiful.
I hate Times Square with a passion (I've got the right review going on here -- wait for it).  When I'm on foot, I'd gladly walk through that cesspool in order to make it to this incredible paradise. Just seeing the park from across the street will strip away all of the urban calluses I've built up, lighten my chest, and ease my stride.  It's an incredible trove of beautiful landmarks, rich cultural centers, and bursting with others who are feeling the same sense of lightness. It's so heavy with memories and history, and yet it can wipe off so much weight.  I don't think any words can really do justice to how much this park means to a city that stands ear to ear.
Central Park is one of my favorite places on Earth!!!  It's a fabulous green sanctuary and the gem of the Big Apple.  If you go to New York, Central Park is definite place to stroll and just enjoy the scenery.  You really get an idea of how vast it is as you walk the many paths.     There is something especially romantic about Central Park in the fall.   P.S.  Swinging in Central Park is good for the soul!
I randomly decided to go to Central Park today. Found a spot near the boathouse. It's 2 in the afternoon and the park is so peaceful. So peaceful. Late review, I went to NY in September 2012.
just like the movies! except the water is gross but other than that everything is BEAUTIFUL! I would definitely visit central park over and over again!
Entering on the Guggenheim side, I found a street performer who does gigantic bubble blowing. I don't think you can become a worldwide star from this, but I'd say he deserves a respective spotlight on "Good Morning America." Strolling around aimlessly afterwards can get you lost. Wish I could leave a trail of breadcrumbs to find my way back out, but I wouldn't dare litter on these cherished grounds. #sublime
It's huge... that's what she said. HAHAH. It's a beautiful park, with lots of fields perfect for picnics, soccer games, trails for jogging, walking, roller-blading, biking, etc.  The list is almost endless.  I walked from the West side all the way across to the East side, and my feet wanted to fall off.  I think we got lost a couple times too.  In comparison, it's the Disney World for adults.
I want to live in NYC so I can visit Central Park everyday! Central Park has the perfect route for runners and bikers. You can literally go in one giant loop and enjoy your activity. It was too bad I didn't have any running gear on me, otherwise, I would have joined the other runners! Anyway, Central Park is so huge! My husband and I wandered throughout the park for 3 hours. It was tiring walking everywhere. We saw several wedding parties taking pictures, which was cute. We even had the opportunity to go through Harlem area from Central Park. You can literally spend all day people watching, riding on carriages, exercising, picnicking, and visiting museums. Plus, access to Central Park is FREE! Yay! :)
Coming to NY, everyone has heard of Central Park. I watched Friends a lot as a kid, and still do, that's why i know about this place. This is one of the nicest parks I've ever been to, with the scenery and lakes, it's definitely a place worth visiting. The park is HUGE, probably take hours to walk through. You can get a lot of good pictures here. There's something for everyone, parks, lakes, hiking etc. I highly recommend this park for couples who love pictures. Next time, I'm going to bike through the park instead of walking, I'm sure there's a lot I haven't seen yet.
Fantastic park. Best part of NYC.
Love LOVE love LOVELOVELOVE Central Park. I had no idea that I would fall in love with this park when I visited, but I did.  I went here as a child on family trips, but the experience as an adult is just... different. October is the perfect month to visit Central Park. It's cool enough but not too cold. We wandered around for 5 hours in coats and never felt too hot or cold, and that's saying a lot from a Texan that is not used to this Northern weather. I could go on and on about this park, but my short list of must sees: 1) Bethesda Terrace - the most beautiful structure in the park. I had seen this structure and fountain on TV many times and it was high on my list of things to see in NYC. I was not disappointed. It's gorgeous 2) Central Park Carousel - it's $3 a ride and it's great for adults and kids.  My husband sat on the horse that moves while I sat in the chariot. Loved it and would ride it again and again! Central Park is the lungs of a huge city that needs that to survive, and when you stand in the park, you forget you are even in a city. My suggestion about when to go is: If you want a quiet, peaceful experience where you can take great photos without thousands of people in your way, go on a weekday.  If you want energy, street performers, and great people watching... go on a weekend. L*O*V*E
Do you remember when I had told you I had never been to Central Park? Remember our first date?  Remember sitting by the pond and gazing up at the angel on top of that fountain I had seen here and there on TV and movies? Remember walking over that bridge my friend Allison at home loves so much, and taking pictures to send her? Remember watching the ice skaters and wishing we had money to skate as well? Remember that time we saw a raccoon and you screamed like a ten year old girl?  You asked me if it escaped from the zoo. Remember the leaves as they changed color back in November? Remember that girl we have seen running multiple times in the park?  The one who looks like she is in excruciating pain but still runs anyway? Remember guessing how many people were in the buildings that surrounded Central Park? Remember the ducks in the pond?  I told you how they reminded me of my home in Michigan. Remember being able to see the whole park from the Top of the Rockefeller Center and thinking the wind was going to sweep you off your feet and drop you in Sheep Meadow? Remember when you couldn't find me that one day, and I turned off my cell phone and told you later that I went somewhere to be alone and think? Remember having nothing to do and feeling like we needed to get away?   I hope we never forget.
no comment needed Strike that, comment needed How old is this review for me to have made a single little comment This park is always ncie to go to. It is quintessencial NY.
While Central Park is gorgeous and fun and has roller discos, I had to knock off a star because the god damned thing gets in my way when I'm trying to cross town in cabs.
Central park is stunning.  I absolutely love it and make it a point to stop by every time I'm in NYC.  Whether is a nice slow stroll in the summer with ice crea,/gelato in hand or in the winter/autumn watching the leaves change color and fall to the bare trees in January.  It's a nice place to get away when you need a break from the hustle bustle of New York city. Something about Central park is just so calm and serene.  I like to people watch here!  There are plenty of benches to go around.  I also have my own particular favorite spot in the park which has a pretty decent view of the city.  Everytime I'm up there, I think...DAMN, i love this city!
Such an amazing public park!  This place really strikes the balance between city and nature in the heart of Manhattan. I was visiting New York this past December and decided to spend one of the mornings going for a run through Central Park.  It really is one of the best ways to get in as much of the park as possible.  There's just so much to it and so much going on.  I did a 4 mile run and still only got through about maybe half the park.  I'm jealous of those who are able to go running through here recently. It's especially beautiful in the fall and winter times (even if it may be colder).
Central Park is the most amazing place in Manhattan.  Nowhere else can you lose all sense of where you are better than there. As a cyclist, I try to hit the park after 7 or on the weekends to take full advantage of "the loop".  At about 6 miles, it's a great way to warm up before heading over to the west side Hudson trail and heading up into the  Bronx and beyond. Be sure to not only visit the great lawn but also the Jackie Kennedy Onassis reserve.  If you look across from the west side, you have an amazing view of the 5th Ave skyline.  (I'll add my pic of that later).
I know it sounds funny but I fell in love with New York because of Central Park. There are so many special places here.  I could literally stay here for a day and still find something I hadn't seen.
the promise of sun and grass it was the promise of sun and grass sweet smell, wet on my skin the soft, green earth bed yielding to my size summer day with the clouds and blue amid shiny and tall buildings gleeming in its massive glory i look into above as i lay and see the infinite mind of this world and all of its existence *** Central Park, you're worth a poem from me.
Of course 5 stars! Great for whatever you want to do. Lots of running routes, a Zoo, museums, pools, tennis courts, lakes, people watching, biking, running, it's Central Park!
If I lived in NYC, I would be here all the time. I like it even better than the Golden Gate Park in San Francisco as it is more accessible and you can just take the subway there. Things I have done at the Central Park: Ate a gyro for lunch at one of those middle eastern halal food carts at the West Gate entrance. The lamb gyro was delicious! Rented a bike for $10 and rode 1.5 times of the smaller loop around the park for one hour. Went for a walk and took some photos. Jogged around the park. Things I have not done but want to do if I get a chance: Go to the zoo. Sit on one of the benches and people watch. Kayak in the lake. Take a carriage ride around the park. Take a nap on the Sheep Meadow. Go to one of the summer night concerts there. Check out the Shakespeare Garden. Run some more there. Check out the Conservatory Garden there. I am sure there are more things I can think of to do at Central Park.
One of my favorite things to do when the weather is nice is to get up early, take my bike and ride the loop several times.  When I'm tired, I grab a hot dog, find some lawn space (ideally under a tree), eat and nap for a while. Another one of my favorite things to do in the summertime is meet up with friends at the Boathouse outdoor bar area and have a drink with some appetizers.  The cheeseplate usually suffices. Another one of my favorite things is to take an early morning tennis lesson (before 9am) at the Central Park Tennis Center.  After class, I like to wander the park as it's just waking up. Another one of my favorite things is to jog the loop, find a hot dog vendor, find some lawn space.  Then sit, eat and nap. Another one of my favorite things is to lie on the Great Lawn and daydream. Another one of my favorite things, especially in inclement weather, is to hit up the Met and get lost in cultures. Another one of my favorite things is to find Thoth, the performer, and listen to him for a while. Another one of my favorite things is to watch the rollerskaters on the weekend.  Maybe this year I will buy skates and join in the party. The park is an endless source of entertainment and peace.  I cannot imagine staying sane and happy in Manhattan without it.
Central Park is a much needed public area in Manhattan. It is really nice to be surrounded by nature in such a crowded city with polluted air. It is a great exercise too because you end up walking so much. The only complaints I have is that they don't have enough bathrooms and places to grab food.
Easily the coolest thing in New York.  I had never spent time in Central Park in the past, but finally I was able to just walk around for a few hours and check it out.  I was so amazed once inside that I was still in New York city.  My friend told me there is a few spots where you can stand in Central Park and not see any high rises, although I felt like I was out of the city.  Amazing paths, people running, walking, dancing you name it.  This really is one of the coolest parks in the US.
Simply amazing. I toured this place on foot as well as on the expensive rip off tourists' rickshaw.  I was able to see what I wanted to see - the dedication to John Lennon and the Alice in Wonderland statue.  I was able to just sit and relax and eat Maison Laduree macarons on a rock and by the beautiful fountain.  I'm so jealous, NY!  I think I need to consider travel nursing just so I can live in this state and visit at my leisure.
I've been to Central Park so many times during my business trips over the past few years, and I'm still not done exploring every single nook and cranny of this place. It's so massive! On the perimeter of 8th Street, I would suggest taking the MTA underneath the city to get here. The fare for me was $2.75 for a one-way pass (cash or credit, find the main terminals to get a ticket) and I'll get to Central Park in no time. It's so much faster and affordable than walking, or using a taxi. For me, I usually explore the park during the afternoon or evenings, which doesn't leave me a lot of time to explore during daylight hours. So, a MTA fare is the best way to go. Anyway, yes, there's so much to do, even at 0200! At any time of the day - you can do the following Running Walking Photography Have a Wedding (one time, I counted nine wedding parties in a four hour afternoon! Located all over the park!) Walk your furry friends Casually race each other on bikes Eat out at the finer restaurants located in the park Did I mention photography?! How about people watching via the numerous park benches here Or even watch a public concert or theater? There's a stage here! There are even a couple of finer restaurants in here, though I've never ventured inside the establishment. There's plenty of foliage where one can admire the changing colors, and to reflect upon the day. Plenty of bike, pedestrian paths, and even horse-drawn carriages paths. From what I can tell thus far, all of the major paths have plenty of artificial lighting, which is where I would see running groups at 0200 adhering too. If you never been to Central Park - stop on by, and plan to spend at least a few hours here, if you want to try to see it all.
I have been to a lot of places and seen a lot of parks, but never in my life have I seen anything quite with the beauty, the depth, the size, the breath, and the just plain old uniqueness that is New York City's Central Park. After attempting to write an in-depth review of Central Park and failing many times, I've come to the conclusion that Central Park is pretty much indescribable in words... so just go hang out there on a nice day and experience it for yourself!
Who doesn't love Central Park? Made my way through here today with a friend since the park is right by my new apartment and it was so beautiful out. We stopped by some standard touristy spots like the Belvedere Castle. But we also went off the beaten path a bit and covered some 20 blocks during our outing. It's a great place for people watching. Little kids out on the weekends, dogs enjoying a walk, people visiting the park for their very first time, seasoned residents roaming around.... During our walk we managed to hear some great music, watch some fancy rollerbladers, enjoy moves from disco skaters, witness two wedding photo shoots, oh and some ducks getting it on. Only in New York!! As much as I hate the cold and long winters here (even though the park can be gorgeous after a winter storm too), I will say that on the nice days, you will feel a spirit you can't find anywhere in LA. The grouchy New Yorkers seem to transform into peace-loving hippies with optimism and love shooting out from all angles. Everyone's smiling and relaxed. There's something to be said about appreciating certain pleasures in life when you don't have them at your fingertips all the time. Can't wait for evening picnics, concerts and sports this summer! You would have to be a nut to come to New York and not visit Central Park.
It's like a piece of heaven in the middle of madness. Seattle can have all the parks they want, but I'm still in love with our Central Park. Even on my lunch break I can scape and there's not a better feeling that just scape in a world that is surrounded by craziness. Love, Love it!
This place is beautiful and serene, no matter what time of year you come.  Between the colorful leaves of the trees in fall to the gentle, cool breezes of the trees in summer and spring, it makes it all that much more exciting.  And with the great expanse this park makes with the outside world, and it's popularity, it makes for one awesome day at this park.
When we exited the American Museum of Natural History, we walked across the street to stop and smell the flowers, and inhale the delicious smells of the grass in the park.  Perfectly manicured and beautiful to the eyes, Central Park is pure and tranquil, very clean and worth every minute.
Haiku: It's the Heart that Beats Inside the Beautiful Beast In the Universe.
It's Central Park! How could anyone give it less than five stars? A must-see for everyone! That is all. As I've said it's Central Park. No review is really necessary.
Obviously it's pretty well taken care of, but almost to the point where it comes across as not-so-natural and kind of manicured. And on a nice day, it's soooo crowded.
Really great during the holidays! Honestly, I am a California native, and yet my visions of the holiday are all in NY! There is MUCH to do here, to the toy boating, to the ice skating (wintertime obv), to just plain old sunbathing. What can I say? You have to. You just gotta.
Ok, so I was born and raised a few blocks from the park, could see it from my bedroom, spent the equivalent of months exploring its every corner, rock, tree and bench with my late twin brother, and even learned how to ride a bike there. Ad you never forget how to ride a bike. So there's that. Flying into La Guardia on a crystal clear day and seeing just how huge of a green space the park is compared to the dingy gray of the city reminds me of its majestic presence. Walking through it and seeing places where movies have been filmed and history has been made give me the chills. Seeing little kids jump around on the rock formations like my brother and I did for hours on end as my mother watched us from a bench that's still there makes me long for a time that is forever gone but etched into my brain as the perfect existence. Visit the park, as often as possible, and you'll be a happier person!
Central park! how do you review central park? Its like writing a review on Charlie Parker or the Beatles. I mean, its central park man! c'mon! Its here, its been here! its part of our history! Its the womb of Manhattan.The escape hatch of city chaos, a blanket of solace to shield from the adversity of city life.  A place to balance the inner turmoil and frustration of urban existence. The mastery and imagination of Olmstead is forever etched in our existence and makes up the every day experience of our lives..like the Beatles or Beethoven, it is and will forever be permanent fixture in our perception of the world. Its friggin central park, nyc!!!
This truly is a beautiful park.. Wish we had one like this in LA. I love the idea of a huge park int he middle of a busy city.  Brings some peace to all the madness. It's actually very well kept and clean... there's even a zoo inside but we were too early to check it out!! Nice lake with lots of animals... very enjoyable walk in the park!  Perfect for photo opps Columbus Circle is onthe other end with shops.
I love Central Park! This is where you can break away from the chaos and mayhem of the city, everything is so serene once within-- you can actually end up forgetting where you are! Everything is so well put together, it is a definitive MUST when visiting NYC!
I'm surprised there is only one other review of central park.  CP has everything you could want in a large park - it is such a great place to explore.  This is my go to place when staying in Manhattan - love running the loop around the park (6 miles - watch for the hills!).
I actually don't like Central Park all that much, believe it or not. Naturists, hate me. The park is not au-naturale as most of you think--most of it is man-made but it is impressive that it stretches 2.5 miles. I don't have too many good experiences with Central Park, mainly because I always go in the summer and leave with hundreds of bug bites but it's also not the kind of Winter experience you see on your Christmas cards. Sure, Central Park is scenery and often times, the city does try to give us that "old New York" style with horse & carriage rides but there are just some areas of the park I can't stand. I've gotten lost so many times and on days where I came and had time to waste, I subconsciously went wherever it looked "nice." There are areas that it feel like hiking up the Adirondacks--painful. It is full of tourists that take 10 shots of a duck in a pond..really? Call it scenery (well, I won't contest to that), historical (or that), famous (and that) but if you live or work nearby, it's nothing special and you certainly don't want to have lunch there in the summer heat.
One thing in NYC is rare: peace and quiet. You'll find it in Central Park.
Beautiful. Takes you away from the City. Relaxing. It really quite the scene.  I mostly run in it.  The park spans from 59th street to 110th street.   For exercise reference, the running loops are as follows: Whole loops = 6mi Lower loop = 1.7 mi Lower loop to 102nd street transverse = 5 mi Northern loop = 1.4 mi Central loop = 4 mi Upper loop = 4.9 mi Enjoy!!!
Even though quite large and intimidating, this is by far one of my favorite places in NYC - We loved our long walk though Central Park, despite the weather not wanting to cooperate... Right in the heart of NYC, walking parallel with the busy traffic, one gets lost in a different, peaceful universe. We climbed the "Tree House for Dreaming" which made for a special memory, despite me thinking that that day could not get any more romantic. I heart Central Park!
The Park of Parks.
Definitely one of the most beautiful parks in the world. It changes in every season and today even with bitter cold temperatures  it still provides breathtaking scenery. From the skate rink in the winter to the boat lake on the sunmer it has it all .
I have been to Central Park every year at least once.  I have some memories at this place but somehow one that really stands out of my mind in the recent times is the art exhibition "THE GATES" -This ran from Feb. 12, 2005 to Feb. 27, 2005.  I was a fan of this project, 23 miles of fabric that was saffron or orange colored.  "The Gates" was entertaining to me the two or three times that I attended the park at the time walking by and watching the wonderful view.  Alot of people made fun of the city spending so much money on this, but it drew alot of visitors from out of state and stuff. -I have also been in this area some years after the Puerto Rican Day Parade. -I also love seeing concerts at the Summerstage venue, and seeing the Park at winter time with snow every where.  I think I am due for another trip soon. Tip from this guy: -Hard to believe but the park really is HUGE!!!!! Ranges from 5th ave to 7th avenue, 57th to 86th street. Park does have a zoo here and the infamous GREAT LAWN, where many television shows and movies are filmed.
My NYC Yelp Friend took me on a walk at Central Park after a few days of intensive feeding sessions during my recent NYC Eating Vacation. I do feel like a local while I was taking a leisure stroll along the path... as I have seen Central Park numerous of time portraying in movies and all those junk TV shows I watched. Central Park gave me a lot of memories as I have visit the park on so many different occasions with different people: new friends, yelp friends, people not my friends anymore, old flames, relatives and close family members.... NYC is lucky to have such a wonderful park right in the city for everyone to enjoy!
As a runner, I am here so often they should probably put a plaque somewhere with my name. I have experienced Central Park during every season, at almost every hour of the day and in every kind of weather. I have run in 9F degrees and 99F degrees, through rain and lightning, driving snowstorms, and in wind chills so fierce that ice formed on the outside of my clothes. Ah, nature! I probably do not get as much enjoyment out of the park as I could because most of my time is spent running around it. This is not fun when there is traffic. Cars have no business in the park, period and that is why I cannot give Central Park five stars. It makes no sense to me that Bloomberg wants congestion pricing to reduce cars and emission in the city, but continues to allow Central Park to be used as a highway. I wish he knew how it felt to run up "Heart Attack" hill in 90F degree weather after choking on exhaust fumes for half an hour. Having said that, I love Central Park in late Autumn and Winter most of all. I tend to run "hot." 60F degree weather is already getting too warm for me, so I LOVE IT when it gets cold. Also, the fair weather runners depart in droves and I have the park all to myself. You have no idea how lovely, sylvan and silent the park is after a hard snowstorm. I did a 12-miler one afternoon in the snow and I probably passed only 2 other runners on the path. I felt like I could breathe from the very bottom to the top of my lungs, the air was so fresh and cool. I saw a brilliant red cardinal perched on the bough of an evergreen and it looked for all the world like a Christmas card. I did not even run with music because it was such a pleasure to enjoy the peace and quiet. Central Park has spoiled me. I cannot run on a treadmill anymore; I would rather be outside no matter what the weather. Things change outdoors every moment, so each run in the Park is unique. The flora is so pretty I often wish I ran with a camera. Also, I am amazed by the different animals I see. One time I was surprised by a large, showy bird that crossed the path on the West side. It got everyone's attention; you could see it from far away as you approached! It turned out to be a wild turkey, which I found out because it made the news that evening. And did you know there were raccoons in the park? They are nocturnal, so I never saw them until I did my first early morning run in the dark. Now that I run after work I see them regularly in the evenings. They can be LARGE. The garbage/thrown away food in the park is obviously filling. When a couple of them walk across the running path and then freeze there, it can be a bit intimidating! I give them a wide berth (one cannot be too careful! My favorite event in the Park in recent history was Christo and Jeanne-Claude's The Gates. At first, I hated it. Why? Because it was during winter! It was snowy and cold that is MY time in the Park, damn it! Usually I have it all to myself, but The Gates brought floods of people into the Park at all hours of the day for the entire time it was up. Then I grew to love it because it made me wander the Park for the first time and really enjoy being there when I was NOT running. I made several trips with friends just to take pictures and see how many hidden "Gates" we could find. The best ones were all the way on the North End around the Harlem Meer, and just below the 102nd Street Transverse, where there is a waterfall (more on that in another review.)
Good for getting lost with a friend. Mostly I stay away from crowds and attractions and just explore the quieter places uptown. There's this one spot where you can walk on this stone walkway right across Turtle Pond, and plenty of giant rock outcroppings to chill out on..a great place to get out of the sun and fool around.
There is nothing like running around Central Park. Nothing. I attempted my first run all the way around, and about died half way.  It was too cold and my legs felt numb.  The second day, wearing underarmor solved that problem, and I was able to huff and puff my way around the park Madonna Style.  (sunglasses and baseball cap). The park feels completely safe, as opposed to what you see in those lifetime for women movies (of runners who decide to run at night-and then get the boogey man popping out at them).  Just go during the morning or noon. The park is very clean and you really forget you're in a concrete jungle there for awhile.
How awesome is this park?  You cannot beat it.  Want to take a walk?  Here you go. Want to run?  This is the best training ground in NYC. Want to see a zoo?  They have that.   Want to ice skate?  There's a Trump Rink (in season) so there you go. Want to see horses being abused?  Check!  Just go to Central Park South and get a ride through the park. Now I'm a huge fan of Prospect Park in Brooklyn (also designed by Olmstead and Vaux) but Central Park is incredible.   I just ran a race there this morning and even though I've run there hundreds of time, I'm still in awe.
Its Central Park .... so much to see and do.  Always a nice place to roam when in the city and you just want to get away from the city for a little while.  There is nothing quite like Central Park elsewhere.  You really can forget that you are in NYC while in the midst of this manmade masterpiece. If you are visiting New York and don't check out the park, then you really haven't visted NYC.
Great place to relax, walk, have a picnic, run, you forget your in the City!
Love it.  The best place to be outdoors in Manhattan.
I don't miss New York much now that I'm on the West Coast, but one thing that stands out about my four years living on the Upper East Side is Central Park. If the height, density, and congestion of the whole city is getting to you, there's no better way to relax and let your mind wander than jogging or biking around the park, renting a rowboat, or just lounging about on the Great Lawn or one of the many other open (or more secluded) spaces that the park has to offer. No matter what time of year it is, there's always something new to discover and appreciate here. It's the standard by which urban parks the world over are compared against, and it's a welcome refuge for Manhattanites as well as a worthy spot for tourists to explore.
What is there to say about this beautiful park that hasn't already been said? The options of what to do here are endless. Pack a picnic and sit on the Great Lawn. Stroll around for hours with tons of things to see (People getting married, photo shoots, dancers, live music.) Buy artwork or jewelry from a vendor. (This artist, Kristiana Parn, etsy.com/shop/krisblues?… sells her work there and I love buying work from her.) Rent a rowboat from the Boathouse and have a peaceful boat ride. Pretty during the day and enchanting at night. Rent a bike. Sunbathe or relax and read a good book. Take a carriage ride. Take tons and tons and tons of Instagram pictures. Romantic, enchanting, peaceful, picturesque, this is a wonderful escape from our concrete jungle.
Legendary. That sums it up.
So I was heading to Central Park the other day to see Vampire Weekend play at Summerstage. No more than 5 minutes in the park, it starts raining like mad and my friends and I decide to take cover until the storm passes.  We haul ass to the nearest bridge only to be greeted by an excess of people with the same idea in mind. Although the atmosphere was dark, as you can imagine, the mood was lively and a random saxophonist in the back corner was pumping out jazzy tunes, making our temporary stay even more pleasant. But when minutes turned into an hour, it started to feel like a seriously long elevator ride. And with the intro to RHCP's - "Under the Bridge" on repeat in my head, all I could think about was how much I could relate to the life of a troll. These thoughts however were abruptly interrupted by the birthday song played by none other than our local saxophonist. Apparently it was someones birthday and in keeping in the spirit, everyone, including myself, joined in singing; With the realization that we had no idea who this person was becoming more apparent as we replaced the name after "Dear..." with hums, fa la la's and person respectively. Afterwards, someone whipped out the most massive carrot cake I've ever seen, handing out pieces to anyone who wanted to partake as if it was communion on a Sunday morning. Yes... random. Outside of this adventure though, there are loads of activities to keep you occupied at the park. Whether it's a visit to the zoo, a ride on the carousel, dinner at one of the many restaurants or just a leisurely stroll, you can't go wrong here. Besides, how often are you stranded under a bridge, listening to a jazz saxophonist, singing happy birthday to someone you don't know and eating carrot cake with random strangers. Only in Central Park my friends. Only in Central Park...
Central Park is a great place to spend some time and have fun, I went here last July during my 2nd trip to NY and I loved it, it's a lot of fun just walking around the park and sightseeing, it's beautiful everywhere, it's clean everywhere, it's HUGE and I will be back here again when I visit NY again since I didn't get to see all of Central Park since it started to rain very badly when I was here.
What more can I possibly say that others haven't about one of the most magical places on Earth? We took a carriage ride through here on a cold, rainy Saturday but it was still wonderful.  I'm sure it's even more amazing in the summer months.  If I lived in NYC, I would definitely come running here a few times a week.
Obviously the park is huge, perfect for just about any outdoor activity from jogging to throwing a picnic. Again, is huge, don't get lost! Always something going on as well during the appropriate weather season.
Central... meaning both good and ... well touristy. Central park, when I think of  you I think of: summer stage, and great concerts bandshell and jazz music wine and cheese romantic hand-in-hand walks in the park workouts and running the loop sunning in sheeps meadow frizbee and gymnastics tricks waiting a long long time for the bathroom line popsicles tourists everywhere... that big square cut out of the middle of manhattan island when you're flying home! the rollerscating rink and the boom boxes the quieter section way north with the lakes, and families covered in snow and surrounded by tall buildings... Yep Central Park you are great in many ways...
Central Park is one of Beefy's favorite places to skateboard. Especially in front of the band shell on 72nd street. Beefy is always making new friends in the park and there are always spectators snapping photos or video of Beefy doing his thing! Sometimes if you don't look up at the skyline you can't tell that you're in a big city. The Sailboat pond area is also a great skating spot for Beefy and tourists. There is a small bar area and usually musicians play for the patrons. It's a great outdoor setting on a late Sunday afternoon. Beefy has also ice skated on Lasker rink on the north end of Central Park. In the summers Beefy's owners -Patrick and Erin like to go swimming at the pool on 110th and Central Park North. The park really has a lot to offer. So take advantage!
I love this park!  From going for evening runs in the autumn around the reservoir with the skyline lighting up around you as the dusk darkens and the leaves colour to the blooming cherry blossoms in the springtime and the picnics and boat-rowing in the summer-time, the small back-paths and the protruding rocks. Run around the park one day. It is really huge in terms of being located in relatively small super-densely populated Manhattan. How different it would be without this park!
You can get lost here for hours and that's ok. Central Park is grand.
When im home, GG Park is my sanctuary.....my heart.....my r&r.  But when in NYC, i cheat with its twin-separated-at-birth, Central Park.  You would think i was a hippy-child making daisy necklaces in the grass with how much i love parks and how much time i love to spend in them.  But in actuality, my work life is so hectic, that a slow change of pace is like a breath of fresh air.  Besides, its healthy to clear the mind. I cant even express how amazing and beautiful this park is.  I mean the more than hundreds of reviews say it all.  When the weather is warm and not too hot, a walk or jog through here makes you feel alive.  Sounds cheesy right?  But im serious.  You have this sense of calm and relaxation that washes over you.  You look around at all the people with their kids or significant others or just by themselves with smiles on their faces and it just makes you feel good.  Lay a blanket down and veg out.  Its peaceful. During winter, although you may freeze your arse off, it becomes even more beautiful if you can imagine.  The snow on the ground, the bare trees with snow on their branches, and the overcast sky, is for me, breathtaking.  I dont do the horse-drawn carriage thing because i feel bad for the horses, but i imagine its incredibly romantic for those couples who are into that sort of thing.   Dont even get me started on the ice skating rink.  Its awesome and i love it.  Someday i hope to meet my own form of Jonathan Trager(John Cusack), not necessarily at Central Park, but if you know what movie im talking about, then you catch my drift.  On ice, I may not have the skills i once had as a young girl, but i will still run circles around you.  Anyway, the point is, Central Park is a place you must NOT pass up when you find yourself in New York.
Caught a mini marathon for kids.  Amazing!  Will post pics, and as far as reviews for the park itself, what more can you say?  A quick history lesson reveals it was planned as the lungs for the working man, when garbage still piled steps high in the street, (wait a second, lots of streets still have that problem today); so  I say it is working well for Everyman, and Everywoman to this day.   Really enjoyed the fall days we spent cruising around, listening to jazz musicians, chorale singers, even the random soccer lessons being taught by Lycra clad Canadians!  Although the wife would not let me snap a pic of that, enjoy the others here.
I used to wonder why so many tourists want to visit Central Park. It's just a park, after all, right? It's a famous park, sure. It's been in Woody Allen movies, OK. But it's still just a park, right? Two years ago, I moved to a neighborhood much closer to Central Park. I thought I'd walk across it for exercise if I needed to go from the West Side to the East Side or vice versa. I thought I might go running around the reservoir once in awhile. I never wanted to spend time there on purpose. Because it's just a park. But what I've discovered is that Central Park is, in fact, beautiful. And it's so much bigger than it looks, because Manhattan is relatively flat. Even where it isn't flat, the grid of streets and the height of the buildings has a flattening effect on it. But Central Park has rolls and folds and meandering paths instead of straight lines and hidden treasures, berms, bridges, rivers, gullies, gorges, and rambles. It has a personality, too, and moods that change with the seasons. I feel bad now that one time visitors only get to see Central Park on that one day, in that one mood, in that sole season. And I lament that I won't live so close to it forever and that, New York being what it is, I probably won't visit that often, if at all, when I don't live near it.
Last Spring I went to New York and spent a day walking through central park.  It amazed me that there was such a peaceful place in the middle of such a vast metropolis.  I thought it was only in movies that you see dog walkers and boat houses, artists and families enjoying a beautiful day in central park.
It's Central Park, one of the best places to see green in NYC. There are so many things to see in Central Park yet you can do nothing and just sit out there and enjoy the day.
I don't think you can ask for more from Central Park. It's a beautiful, vast landmark. As The Lovin Spoonful put it, "Hot town, summer in the city." When I hear this song, I immediately think of Central Park in it's glory on a warm, summer day. If you work in the city, live in the city or visit the city, take a breather and explore one of Manhattan's greatest sights.
It is easy to get lost in here, and honestly that is part of it's charm.  I mean, getting lost in Central Park is just relaxing and fun.  Who knows what you will stumble across.  The Zoo?  The Alice in Wonderland statues?  Cleopatra's Needle?  The playhouse?  A performance?  The list goes on and on.  Tons of cyclist on the main streets through the park.  (Makes it a little difficult to cross the street if you are with kids or slower people.)   This is a great place to take a walk, or just sit and people watch.  You can go boating, jogging, roller blading, cycling, see a play, catch an a Capella group, watch a magic show, playing almost any sport you can think of, and pick up tons of vendor food through out the place.   There are tons of big things, or hidden gems in this park.  They have thousands of benches set up for public use, and some helpful maps set up through out.  It is surrounded by museums on both sides, and some of the best shopping in Manhattan.
Best park for anyone wanting to bike and sightsee at the same time, if you do the entire bike route which is around 11miles, you'll see many lakes, horses and of course cyclist which makes the bike trek around this park worth it
Item 143 on my bucket list: Take a run through Central Park. Check! This park is EXACTLY what New York City needs! It's a beautiful expanse of rolling, grassy hills with trails woven into it for running and biking. Central park is the perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of city life in New York that sometimes makes you forget about the concrete mecca for American Capitalism that surrounds you. The central location that is the park's namesake is also perfect--you're never *too* far away from Central Park. It's a wonderful community spot that gets everyone in the city out, especially in the nice summer weather. If you're a runner, biker, or just like to stroll outside, Central Park is a godsend.
I love Central Park, as most New Yorkers do. There is literally always something going on and so much to see. For the active types, find an online deal and rent a bike for $10 or so and ride the trails. Families can enjoy a picnic in one of the many, many grassy areas, see the carousel that's well known from Catcher in the Rye, visit the famous museums along Museum Mile, walk along the water, visit the historical buildings, anything you want to do! One day, I will wake up early and get on line at 7 AM for the famous and apparently incredible Shakepeare in the Park summer shows (at 8 PM) so I will be sure to update when I do!
There's not much I can say about Central Park that hasn't already been said.  But I wanted to add this to my free wifi list, so I'll write a little something about that. I like the park's free wifi, though it's mainly available at some key areas.   When you log on you'll get a webpage welcoming you to park wifi and showing you where you are... which is creepy.  They know where I am!  The jig is up! Anyway, on a nice day with a full battery it is nice to surf in the park.  This is also really handy when sitting in line for Shakespeare in the Park.
On a great, Friday afternoon I decided to walk around the park as my friend finished up work. The weather pretty much perfect. Sunny, with a brisk feel of fall. Probably the best thing I did on my whole trip. FREE! Relaxing and just taking it all in. Watching a kids soccer or baseball game. Wow. Absolutely AMAZING. .
I just looked at all the photos attached and I fell back in love with this amazingly beautiful park.  It goes on for miles and includes so many wonderful sites: water, fountains, bridges, zoo, skating rink, Strawberry Fields, free live theater, concerts, etc, etc, etc.
Fun to rent bikes near boathouse
Highly recommend Central Park to anyone coming to New York! my favorite part was the balto statue, literary walk, and the bethesda fountain! :) would highly recommend getting one of the tours where they bike you around central park (they actually stop and give you facts about films filmed in central park and stop and take pictures for you in parts of central park), while the people who drive around the horse drawn carriages don't speak a word to you. if you do, ask for a guy named Tao! he's hilarious, very informative, and very friendly :)
Huge and Beautiful!! I only got to explore half the park due to the cold weather. Happy I at least got to see Strawberry Fields and the Balto Statue :)
I only cover parts of the park each time.  It's huge.  I will cover the entire park eventually! You'll see.  You'll all see! And if you get too overwhelmed by the park, just grab some Nuts 4 Nuts near the edge of the park and call it a day.
What else is left to say about this place?!  I mean...really.  It is a gorgeous park in the middle of a bustling city and makes me think about every movie or show that it has been in while walking through it. =]  It was SUPER clean and just overwhelmingly amazing.  And Strawberry Field's was awesome and made you feel like "all you need is love."  =]
The one place my husband wanted to go on his birthday was Central Park. We inevitably find ourselves here at least once a week. The park is under constant maintenance, it is always clean and full of happy people.  It will take years to really know the place. If you live in Manhattan and don't take advantage of he park you are wasting your time here.
***Central Park is a lot like New York City itself--massive and with an incredible variety; given all the concrete in New York City, Central Park must be an oasis for residents*** With all the concrete and businesses and retail in New York City, it is very hard to imagine having access to a park like Central Park.  Because of all the concrete and frenzy in New York, the allure of Central Park feels exceptionally strong--maybe more so than any park I have been to.  Any big park in New York City would be a welcome sight, but Central Park is more than that; it is a wonderful park. One of the key things that really stands out is the variety.  There are paths for cycling as well as a variety of terrains to get a little bit of hiking in.  There are, of course, big and lush lawns and trees, but you will also find nice rocks and inviting gardens.  Lots of water here too and even fishing.  The buildings, statues and fountains peppered throughout Central Park are also nice. The variety of activities here are great too.  I am sure this is a great spot for special events, but even on a regular day, you will find areas for picnics, sports fields, dining, and much more. In addition to Central Park's natural beautiful grounds and great variety, the park is very well maintained.  Lawns feature great and sharp green colors while the landscaping is very good--nicely mowed lawns, very well maintained paths and no trash in sight (definitely a real plus in New York City given the trash one can expect to encounter while strolling through the streets of New York City--definitely understandable to find a lot of trash in New York City given the big crowds in this city). There are probably many other pluses of Central Park that I may discover if I visit this park in the future (though I imagine even many visits may not reveal all the great things one can find in this park), but one of the best parts of Central Park, in my opinion, is the smell--a great freshness that is absent in several parts of the city. Central Park must be a real treat and escape for New York residents and its proximity and accessibility makes it an easy and enjoyable place to visit again and again.  It is an excellent spot for residents and it is a must visit for those vacationing in New York City for the first time. I am not sure what the parking situation is around Central Park, but I imagine parking here is limited and expensive.
Have you ever seen the Angel of Purgatory? I think I have. -- It's hard for me to describe exactly, what I felt when I stumbled upon the Lake for the very first time in my life. I was walking around Central Park in the early morning (the best time to be walking around Central Park) and, unknowingly, found myself atop a flight of giant stairs. Walked closer. Looked down. Stopped. Dead in my tracks. This was possibly the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in my life: the Lake, the Bethesda fountain. You must've felt it at some point in your life - to be so taken by something that you can feel it deep in your bones, to feel almost close to crying. To feel how small you are...and to be happy that the world is so much bigger. The last time I walked through the park was Easter Sunday this year. After passing parent after parent hiding pastel colored Easter eggs in trees and bushes, I found myself at the boathouse (whenever I'm at Central Park, I just walk whichever way my feet lead me towards). A party of little girls in Sunday dresses and old people in funny hats talking over tea...and I can't help but wonder what I'm doing in LA instead of New York City. I could spend every single morning of my life in Central Park and still never tire of it.
This place is ginormous! Great place for a walk, run, bike through the park or a picnic! Even the NY Marathon was held here. Has great photo ops and very clean! Make sure you have some comfortable shoes on because this bad boy goes on what seems like forever!
Central Park is like no other park that I have seen.  I haven't had the chance to tour the whole area because of how immensely huge it is, but I thought it was an interesting place to go.  People are just there jogging around.  There was a wedding taken place in Belvedere Castle.  There's a zoo located within the park, a huge body of water called The Lake with gondolier ride and people rowing, and just a lot to do.  This place is fun for people of all ages as I saw with playgrounds, places to play sports, or the elderly just sitting around feeding the birds which is something my mom would've loved.  This is a place that I would love to go back to.
I'd move to New York for Central Park alone. Everything I love about it has already been said but add wonderful people to be with and gorgeous weather and i feel like im walking on sunshine...Thank you Earth!
Gorgeous and awesome. Would definitely come back we walked around the whole park and it was soo cool.
It's really amazing how you can go from the busy streets of  Manhattan to Central Park where you're surrounded by runners, bicyclists, sunbathers, picnickers, frisbeethrowers, rollerskaters, etc. I forget that the park is so close and easily accessible.  Everytime I go, I promise myself that I'll make it a regular habit to keep going back.  It's great for sunbathing, napping, picnicking, frisbee throwing.   Cons: As is the case with any touristy spot, prices for food and drinks at vendors in the park will certainly be more expensive in the park than outside of the park.  I recommend buying food and beverages before you head into the park.
It's amazing that there's a park this huge in the middle of Manhattan. You can spend hours here and still not be able to see everything.  It's a beautiful oasis where you can take a break from the busyness of the city. We split up our Central Park visit between 2 days because it's just that enormous & our feet got really tired from all the walking.  If you don't feel like walking and/or are short on time, you can rent a bike (be aware that there are some parts of the park where they don't allow bikes) or pay for a horse carriage ride or a man-on-a-bicycle-pulling-you-in-a-small-carriage ride (I don't know what those are called). Highlights: - The lakes, the flowers - Sitting on a bench and watching the joggers, the dogs, and the worm-eating robins - The Bow Bridge - Tons of squirrels in The Ramble - There's an obelisk and a castle in Central Park? Who knew!
Central park is OK. I'm sorry I just don't feel the same way as 95% of the people who visit.  Yes it's big and beautiful, and it is a landmark, but it IS just a park!!  It's full of beauty, grace, and charm.  It's lush and green, and it is unique to the city, but as I said to me it's nothing spectacular. There's lots of space to hang out; grass, giant high rocks, a fountain ledge, steps. There are also restaurants, and I believe a venue or two for special occasions.  There's a lot of scattered playgrounds, food vendors, and street vendors as well...which brings me to my next point.  I bought a Pistachio flavored Gelato in a sugar cone when I came here in April.  I just had my tonsils removed that past week.  It was my first day out of the house after being cooped up for 7 days strait.  I barely ate all week because I was in such pain and it was very hard to swallow.  I lived on soup and Jello that week.  I was craving a cool treat for my almost healed throat. This was the first real food I ate (considering I had to eat the cone and swallow). I can honestly say I have never experienced such stomach trouble in my entire life (I won't get into details unless you personally want to know about swamp ass).  It was one of the most horrible experiences I could encounter in public.  How do I know it was the Gelato you ask? Because I just told you all I ate was soup and Jello during the previous week! I needed to find a bathroom so bad because I felt like I was going to die.  I couldn't find one for the life of me.  The park is so big and difficult to navigate, but very easy to get lost.  I was here again in May with my bestie for the AIDs walk.  We walked A LOT of Central park; nothing but forest everywhere.  I felt like the trees were going to suck me in. I don' know...I guess I'm not a big nature lover anyways.  Some might ask well what do you expect out of a park? And I might reply MORE POTTIES!!
I love it during the Holidays because of the festive spirit. Ice-skating, horse carriage ride, or just walking along the paths. I found the tunnel of where Home Alone 2 was shot at... which I watch annually during Christmas. Just a gorgeous park.
Visiting NYC for the first time, I was expecting Central Park to be overrated, but it was so beautiful and captivating. Loved spending my afternoon there, and I hope to come back soon!
I love it! I had a whimsical adventure exploring this rectangular piece of grassy area in the middle of the hustle & bustle of Manhattan. You would too :)
We all know I'm not adding anything new here--just had to put in my love for the place.  From the statues to the reservoir to the ramble to Cleopatra's Needle and so much else, it's always wonderful to wander through. It's of course a popular place for running, and I've run in many races that use a 4-mile or 10k loop; I always like to wave at (or curse, depending on how my run is going!) the panther statue at the top of Cat Hill.  Those hills are often the love/hate part of running in the park, but they're part of the challenge and only add to the feeling of triumph at the end--I hope I feel the same way when I complete the 2012 marathon this November!   I also especially love the conservatory garden at 106th/5th, which is a lovely place to sit or take pictures of the flowers, changing leaves, or any of the other pretty things you'll see! It's Central Park, guys--easy to take for granted if you live here long enough, but I always try to remember how awesome it is.
if you know anything about me, you know my not-so-secret obsession with new york city... i love everything about it.... but one of my favorite parts, is central park... in the wintertime, you can stroll carefully up and down the snowy paths, and take post card-like pictures at almost every stop... at the very opening of the park, near 59th street, there's a nice little quiet pond with all kinds of ducks to watch frolic and play... just a little further up the path, you can cross a bridge to take you over to the west side of the park, and get lost in the aviary, or keep going uptown, until you stumble upon the skating rink... in the summer, the skating rink is turned into a little carnival, ferris wheel and all.... further up in the park, there's a beautiful open field with a view of a little castle, which you can climb up into, and enjoy some of the best views of the park... this is the aimless wanderers dream, 'cause every trip to central park, you'll surely run into something new.... there's a little carousel tucked away between the trees of the park... theres a nice staircase that leads you down into a beautiful courtyard, where you can occasionally enjoy some live music, or simply sit at the edge of the river, hang your legs over the ledge, and just live.... there is an abundance of fountains and statues to take pictures of... a plethora of benches to sit on... and fields and fields and fields to have picnics or just lay and read a book on.... my next visit to central park will definitely include a visit to the zoo!  and maybe one day, i'll be one of those brides taking beautiful wedding photos in the prettiest parts of the park.
Oh come on! Who doesn't love this place??? Great place for people to enjoy and relax their afternoon. You could walk a dog, do some exercise and even just lay down on the grass enjoying yourself! It is huge and a precious in the city of New York!
I believe It is one of  the most famous and beautiful parks in NY. I love it good for running
My only regret was not spending more time exploring the park - Strawberry Fields and the John Lennon "Imagine" memorial was something I wanted to check out, but wasn't able to, along with so many other areas.  In fact, I felt like I barely scratched the surface, only walking from the southernmost point of Central Park to The Met, while my Dad on the other hand pretty much walked the entire length of the park from 59th St/Central Park South to 110th St/Central Park North and back.   There were a lot of bicyclists and horse-drawn carriages while we walked here in the sunny 90°F weather in late June.  Central Park is nothing short of a peaceful and lovely natural retreat from the concrete jungle that surrounds this place -- I will always remember seeing a red-tailed hawk perched on a branch while walking near the edge of the park; it was cool to see such a beautiful bird resting there.
Halifax Yelp - Mayday Review Day #6 - Fresh Air's Finest I'm the first to admit that drinking on patios is my idea of being outdoorsy, which is why I love Central Park so much. It's an oasis of calm, with stunning beauty and nature only steps away from the bustling city, and great shopping. Central Park is so large and due to my limited time spent in New York, I've only been able to have a few brief visits to the park but all of them have been lovely. My favorite time to visit is late afternoon as the sun starts to hide behind the tall skyscrapers beautiful lights. I can't wait to spend more time here on my next visit.
This has to be the best park in NYC! This park is simply amazing! It's huge & has so many great stuff inside. We love the Belvedere Castle inside this park. Great place to walk, chill, exercise, ooooh, we can go on & on & on talking about how great this park is.
How can central park NOT get 5 stars? Theres so much to do and see, it's great to just take a walk through or curl up with a book on a bench or the grass. Just may be safest not to go too late or too early...the crazies come out.
I love this little oasis in the middle of the City.
Who doesn't love Central Park!!?? After about six long months of cold, snow and darkness, it was nice to take a walk in the Park and see all of the Cherry Blossoms and Magnolia Trees in full bloom at Central Park this past Spring! I went looking for Aaliyah's tree which is right on the Lake. We go on a regular basis :) I heart Central Park
Central Park provides so much for you to see and do that if you say you were ever bored ... you clearly just didn't go exploring.  Best part is, majority of it is all free: Belvedere Castle, NY Philharmonic in the Park, scenic walk paths, concerts, yoga classes.   Park is very well-kept, clean and plenty of disposals are set up so that you aren't tempted to litter.  If you're meeting people here, make sure to specify whether or not you are coming in from the East/West side and then also the entrance (street) you came in through.  Otherwise, it's near impossible to find someone once they are inside the park (lack of cell phone service in many areas).   Do not go through here alone at night, very dangerous.
The most beautiful park in the history of the world.  'Nuff said.
We only walked through .01% of the park but I loved what I saw. We entered at Park and 66th. Walked North and stopped at the Conservatory Water and then West to The Boathouse where we wanted to rent bikes but couldn't find the bike stand so we just kept walking. Stopped at the Bethesda Fountain and over to The Lake before ending our walk at Strawberry Fields. My husband, who hates walking in general especially on hot days, really enjoyed the park. It is a place that I will for sure spend more time next time I go to New York!
Great park!.. many playgrounds for young children,bike rentals, carriage rides as well  canoe rentals, for those who wish to take in the view from the lake!.My children and I decided to do the bike ride which was very fun for all, however you do have to be very alert to your surroundings since there is so much biciclist that go very fast and at points go into the slow lane to pass others as well.
This is not 5 stars........mainly because walking at night can be dangerous, though the place is very clean. Having shot some photography in some of the lesser walked paths, it was a real treat to walk this park from 110th down to the southern tip and something I'd recommend trying if you get the chance.  The northern part of the park is more rustic than the southern end. Also, the great lawn is the place to be on a nice warm summer day.
I really like to hang out at Central Park, but I must admit that another borough holds the park that I love. Central Park is place that you visit, but it never really feels like a home. It feels like a pleasant place, rather than a cozy place. Granted it is in the heart of the Inner, commercial borough rather than the outer residential boroughs. So it is bound to have a more commercial feel, but in some respect that it a bit antithetical to the notion of "a slice of nature" that the park represents. For me  at least. That being said, the planned events, and even the thrown together ones, are pretty phenomenal. Summerstage ranks up there as the toy surprise in the bottom of your NYC cereal. Shakespeare In The Park is memorable for years after you file out from the production. I've lined up to receive a hug. I've walked to raise money for a good cause. When I lived near Columbus Circle, I would run around the park every Sunday. Something about it calls to you from across the street or down the block. You wonder what is happening of note in its cavernous verdant expanses. Venture in at anytime. Wonder around from crown to heel, and you will always discover something new.
I walked my cousins dog here everyday for 2 weeks.  It's a nice place reminds me of the scene in Home Alone 2...Its scary here when your alone at night.
Loved the views from the castle north of the park. Fantastic place for family, friends, weddings, jogging, biking, photography!
It's hard to describe this place in words. Central Park is one massive park located in the heart of one of the most amazing cities in the world, New York City. This place is beautiful, especially in the fall. You'll be amazed by all the things that you see and go on from the moment you walk into the park from Columbus Circle: a large crowd of people surrounding a group of dancers; artists drawing portraits of people; majestic trees that make your walk in the park memorable; a group of children singing songs along one of the paths; a myriad of people jogging on the street, or sleeping on the luscious grass at Sheep Meadow. The list is almost endless. Also, if you're in NYC in December, don't forget to stop by the Columbus Circle Holiday Market. It is the perfect place to enjoy a hot meal or snack (apple cider!), shop for holiday gifts, and spend time with your loved ones.
I LOVE LOVE Central Park. HUGE! A perfect place for a couple stroll on a sunny day. You can literally spend the whole day walking around. I enjoyed my day with the BF. We tried to explore the entire park but we were popped after walking for 2 hours. If i lived in NY i would come here to exercise, eat, picnic, get a tan and etc. Central Park doesnt compre to Golden Gate Park but I am still a SF girl. Sigh...
Central Park is a great "get away" while trapped in the concrete jungle that is Manhattan.  The park is huge covering several 10's of blocks that can't be walked completely.  Well you can but seriously it's a park and at some point you realize you have seen trees before.   The park is great because it truly makes you forget that you are in Gotham for a brief moment and you can relax.  Sure there are still a million people inside the park but it's not nearly as busy as being outside of it.   There are a ton of statues, a John Lennon Memorial, a carousel, a zoo, and an reservoir in the park that are great for photo ops although some people take FOREVER just to take a a damn picture.  Seriously I get that your 3 year old loves Alice in Wonderland but the rest of us are not from Iowa and are in hurry!  Our kids want their pic taken too!!!!   Anyway, it's a good place to just let the kiddos run free but I'll still take my City Park back in Nola any day of the week.
It's the most beautiful park I've ever been to, and I spend many hours there every week. It's my one place of refuge and solitude in a busy and crowded city. What more needs to be said?
Central Park was all that I expected. Im used to San Francisco's version Golden Gate Park. Central Park had similar traits except way less bums and runaways that have destroyed alot of GG parks beauty. I was able to go inside the METS. This park is huge. Definitely you can spend a whole day out here and still wont be able to cover the whole park.
Keeping this short since everyone knows CP DO: Run, bike, walk through CP DO: row some boats or just relax with a beer at the Boathouse DO: Tan somewhere...anywhere! DO: Go to the reservoir DO: Go Ice skating in the winter DO: Check out Bethesda Terrace DO: Make Snowmen and go sledding/tobagganing/snowball fighting whenever it snows DO: Make a detour if you are in CP West and go to Levain ahahaha DO NOT: Be lazy and don't come here :) DO NOT: Come running or strolling through at night past 1AM. The popo will COME AFTER YOU. First hand experience.
What can't you do in Central Park? Central Park is the perfect budget, romantic, and leisure time destination. Here is why... Finish line of the New York City Marathon. Free tours are available. Musicians and performers are all around the park. Great place to run year round. Good place to scope out places movies were filmed. Free place to play sports such as soccer, baseball, etc. and a free place to watch people play sports. Cheap place to have a picnic and enjoy the sun. This is Manhattan's beach in the summer. Concerts in the park, although canceled this year will hopefully return. Shakespeare in the Park every summer offers free tickets. Get ready to wait in line all night, but its worth the wait when you get to see performers like Al Pacino and first class Shakespeare Performed in the Shakespeare Theater. For those willing to spend a little more money than a picnic, or one of the cute bistros, check out the Central Park Boathouse for brunch, lunch, or dinner. Super romantic things to do/see all around the park. It's a great place to just take a stroll. Go for a hike in the woods (only place you can do that in Manhattan). Great place for yoga in the outdoors. Two ice skating rinks in the winter. Free sledding on small hills (depending on the snow) in the winter. Good place to admire beautiful gardens, such as the Shakespeare Garden. Lot's of places to take the kids such as the carousel, Central Park Zoo, or the sail boat pond. Rent row boats in the spring or summer. Great people watching. Do all the things people don't think you can do when you live in the city. Loved by New Yorkers and Tourists alike.
BEAUTIFUL! I only had time to walk a very short trail, but it was gorgeous. I hiked from 24th street up through Times Square and onto Central Park. It is truly an oasis. I hope in the near future, I can explore more of it.
Thanks to a recent trip to NYC, I was able to confirm that Central Park is still awesome.
There many parks in the US and world that I enjoy and always dream of spending a day, and central park is one of top five on my list.
It's in New York, it's a park, and its centrally located. A must see if you're in the area. Take a stroll, enjoy the scenery, catch a break, and walk up to the nearby museums. The park features a zoo, bike paths, ups and downs, squirrels, and a piece of tranquility in busy Manhattan.
What can one say that hasn't been said already? It is stunning, it is both peaceful and full of life (depending on where you are), it is the perfect mix of bucolic and urban. For my part, when we entered the park (from a taxi, which was perhaps the mistake) so many people were trying to sell us this tour, that horseride, etc., that I also ignored the Conservancy girl who was just trying to give us a map.  Man, I wish I had that map!!! We did stumble on to some wonderful sights, but it would've been nice to see a few others we missed and to know that we were going in the right direction.  To be fair, this was day 4 of walking around NYC and the legs were tired after already trekking 15-18 miles.  To add another 3 hours through the Park was something else!  I was close to exhaustion (and fairly famished) after our 3 hour walk, but I was so glad that we did it. It's lovely; go see it!
This park is impossible to hate--just look at the rating! Designed by legendary architects, Central park sets the standard for urban park-scaping: lakes for boating and even fishing, verdant woodland, performances venues, miles-long paths for running, biking, and rollerblading, and all the randomness: marionettes, model boats, historical reenactments, fake castles, and hour of gazing at tourists and weirdos.
Absolutely beautiful here. So much going on yet if you wanted to just do nothing and lay under a tree the option is yours. I can't wait to go back and explore some more of central park.
One of the best and most distinct things about NYC.
I can see why it is 5 stars.  Funny thing is, I expected a smaller park.  Don't know why.  Maybe its because I cannot believe there is still space like this around here.  So I was awed. I was also expecting a simple park.  Ya know,  like with park benches, a little jogging path, kids screaming, maybe a swing set here or there.  Again, I don't know why.  There is nothing simple about NY.  Maybe I am too used to the simple parks in my area.  I just need to get out of Az more.  Anyhoo,  there is a variety of stuff to be seen and do around here.  And despite all the people running around, it felt peaceful, especially after the hustle of the city.
BEAUTIFUL!!!!! A must see for all tourists. Central Park was much, much larger than I anticipated and we were only able to visit the lower 1/3 of the park and visit the Bethesda Terrace and the zoo. There are so many things going on in the park, it can be overwhelming. There are family and friends relaxing and having picnics. There was a festival going on. There are ponds and brides and fountains. The pathways are teaming with horse-drawn buggies, bicyclists, and runners of all ages. It was actually quite difficult to cross the pathway at times; I felt like Frogger dogging all the people/bikes/horses. Once you get further into the park, you can almost forget you are in the biggest city in the United States. That is until you reach a clearing and can see the awesome skyline. There are so many amazing photo ops in the park, it's no wonder I saw at least 3 couples getting their wedding photos done. The Central Park Zoo was small, but worth the $12 admission fee. It only took about 1 hour to walk through and look at all the animals, but they have a unique collection. I had never seen a red panda before and they had 2! On my next visit to Manhattan (because I have already decided there needs to be another visit!) I hope to spend a full day in Central Park and see more of it. It is truly lovely and it is awesome to see what they have done to create and maintain such a large green space inside the bustling city.
I'm glad I finally got to check out the Park of Parks since I very recently (i.e. the start of summer) became a very devout parks and recreation kind of person. The last time I was in NYC, it was December '09, and I was freezing and lazy. Thankfully, it's summer now so I took the chance to stroll through at a very leisurely pace. I LOVE PEOPLE WATCHING. Central Park might be one of the best people-watching places in the world because a) it's not that sketchy (in the day and when the weather is nice) and b) it's NYC. I sat around for an hour and observed: -A super buff tan dude showing off to his scrawny pale friend -Bubble dude way more into bubbles than tips or people -Old school tranny chillin on a recumbent bike -Tons of super cute children everywhere -Tons of super cute dogs everywhere -Random sketchy people -Random rich ass people -Same buff dude passing out pics of himself to folks (btw, his name is Michael Romeo)
Oh, Central Park, you are my dream come true.  I wanted to rent a bike, or ice skate, neither of those things happened, whatever.  It was still gorgeous.  I love the bridges, the paths, the trellises.  Plus, it is close to so many fun things, and tasty eats.  Though that is the case for most things in NY.
Clean and beautiful. I love the carousel and the ball fields. A snack cart on every entrance/corner. We usually arrive on the west side and enjoy a walk though Strawberry field and move along the outskirts. Great on any sunny day!
Yelp pathetically didn't patrol this listing, to the tune of 100+ reviews, so I'm gonna try to skew it down dramatically despite penning the same review (you also get Central Park on PAGE THREE of your search results if you look for it under a specific downtown zipcode despite its 1139 reviews - yikes): "The greatest park in the world, in the middle of the greatest city in the world"--DJM Mix it up all around NYC's Park. Not much needs to be said as I'm sure the nearly 200 5-star reviews have said it more than once, but it's a great refuge. I've come to realize that just because it's bordered by skyscrapers, it's still a park. Go for shows, etc Birds, birds, birds, birds...birds, I do adore The Blochouse a002-vod.nyc.gov/html/se…
It is incredible to see so much plant and wildlife situated directly in the middle of the Concrete Jungle that is NYC. Too big to walk through in a day and get the full experience. I would recommend renting a bike at the fountain on the lower East side of the park, off what I think is 54th or 55th st.  That is definitely the best way to get the most out of the park.   Walk the paths, see the lakes, bridges and underpasses, fields, and take in the crisp air and get away from it all while still being reminded that you are in New York City.
After our late lunch at Artie's, we were hand in hand walking to Central Park.  Although it sucked that I visited this landmark when it was pitched black however, just by walking through this park made me happy inside... not sure if it's because I had such a great meal at Artie's, or was it because I was w/ my boyfriend, or was it simply that fulfilling feeling that I was in NYC (might I add that NYC was my dream destination spot since I was 18).   Next time I hope to ride a bike w/ my babe.
Is this seriously an entry for Central Park?  In that case -- it's the best.  Nothing matches it.  Really, there is nothing to discuss here.
I LOVE  central Park, came in to New York City , only for a few hours, and HAD to go there. Well worth the trip to go see, such beauty in the middle of urban living
Great views of the city, peaceful surroundings, wonderfully maintained paths for jogging. Such an amazing part of the city.
As the self-appointed owner of NYC (yeaaah, son, this is MY city, I was here first, so deal with it), I will say the following to those who rated this park anything less than five stars. GO HOME. You'd be lucky to have a park this beautiful in your town, not to mention, this historic. It is the quintessential city park. The city park by which all others are measured. Love it, or just leave. kthxbye.
First off, a new york trip isn't complete without a visit to the most beautiful park in the city!  On my last trip, we saw maybe one-tenth of the whole darn place, so my mission this time was to actually see it in its entirety.   It was more beautiful that I ever imagined! It's huge and I can totally get lost here...but you know what...I probably wouldn't mind! The views are amazing and just like what everyone else below me has said, there are so many picturesque areas...it's incredible! Can't wait to visit the city in the summer!
I love central park we go there whenever we come to the City(well almost every time) I love Belvedere castle I feel like a princess overlooking my domain and I loved watching people conducting yoga classes and dancing right out in front of everyone and listening to impromptu musicians I also love the beginning of spring you can find tulips the size of a dinner plate
No words can describe it, but this park just rocks!  From the beautiful natural scenery to big grassland to lie down and sun bathe or read, to the ponds where u can row boats or launch UR mini toy boats,,to Shakespeare in the park and to the manhattan building backdrops...hard to beat a more perfect spot than this
Special when snow covered.  An oasis in the middle of the asphalt jungle. It has so many lovely spots. but the most popular are the Boat basin, Bethesda fountain, Bow Bridge. The Conservatory, The Carousel, The Lake. My apartment was 3 blocks away and walking from the East to the West was easily done. Many concerts, and picnics enjoyed in the Great Lawn.
Amazing, beautiful, full of culture and history.. The perfect park.. What more can one say really?
Absolutely loved the park. There is no shortage of benches along the way to sit and people-watch. I totally understand the whole idea of "sitting on the grass" just to do it. Being in the city for only four days, I was craving some good ole green grass and trees myself. There is no shortage of musicians and artists in the park. Chill on a bench and listen to some fantastic jazz on a Sunday afternoon.
It's Beautiful. It's a nice break from the concrete and buildings and gives you a fresh breath of nature.
What's there to say? It's Central Park. Lovely and classic.
Central Park is so iconic. You have seen it in so many movies, heard about it from so many people, that when you arrive you are a little taken back. I was fortunate enough to visit during the winter (Christmas in New York is MUST DO!) and saw Central Park covered in snow. This was my FIRST TIME ever seeing snow and we got caught in one of the biggest blizzards in New York history. No worries, we made the best of it and build some snowmen, took a lovely stroll and even though we were snow rookies did not eat the yellow snow! We had the chance to see Central Park again in the Summer and while still beautiful it wasn't the same. The lake was not frozen, the trees were not covered on white and we were wearing shorts and T-shirts instead of coats and boots.   Still, I recommend Central Park (and NY in general) to anyone who is looking to travel any time of the year. Stop by strawberry fields, ride a horse and carriage and pass by the tunnel where Jodi Fosters boyfriend is killed in The Brave One that turns her into a bad ass.
Pictures do not do this park justice; it is beyond breathtaking! The size of it alone, is enough to overwhelm. It is a wonderful escape from the noise, intensity and chaos of the city. You can definitely takes some amazing pictures with NYC's sky-high buildings as a backdrop. The park kind of reminded me of Costa Rica; it has a tropical feel to it. I would LOVE the chance to live in NYC for just a year, so I can see this park go through all the seasons. I can just imagine how beautiful it must be during the fall/winter. I can see why people say not to wander around this park at night as there are tons of nooks and crannies for some creepy people to hide out in! We went during the day and there were tons of tourists roaming around so it was definitely safe. The best part was seeing a squirrel scratch his butt on the ground. As soon as he realized he didn't have anymore privacy, he hid under a bush! Just writing this review is bringing a tear to my eye! I HAVE to go back to NYC!!!
Yes, just another fan of Central Park.  As large (okay, 80% as big) and cool as our beloved Golden Gate Park in SF, it is a joy to jog or stroll or loiter in.  (I managed all three). A soweet, sweet park. And opportunities to pet nice dogs do avail themselves.  (Bonus).
In a 5 star world, this is a 6 STAR Park!! What can I say... This is simply the biggest "thing" in New York. Literally, figuratively, culturally, historically.... in the number of people that have been moved by it, in the joy and happiness it has created in the 150 plus years it has been consummately weaved into the fabric of this City. Is there any other thing in this City of the finest achievements of humanity that one can think of that has benefited more people?  That has improved our physical health, our mental health, uplifted our spirits, and brought more people of all diverse backgrounds together than this place? It is an emerald legend, a social nexus, the green heart that pumps life-giving sustenance and allows this island to flourish. It reaches back to something ancient in all of us, deep within our nature, and allows us to achieve our potential in our urban concentration of concrete and steel, knowing that an oasis is so near and in our midst. The diversity of The Park represents the natural diversity of the State of NY, and the enormous diversity of the city itself.  It is a wonderland of surprises to uncover and explore, and like the rest of NYC, there is something for everyone! It is the first thing noticed when flying over the Island. It stands out as a beacon for the most desired place on the planet.  The fresh green breast of the city comes alive in the springtime, and welcomes all to its nurturing energy. Since The Park is not a business or a company per se, I will express my thanks and appreciation for being lucky enough to appreciate and enjoy it to the creators of the Park, Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux.  Your vision and dream has profoundly affected us all in ways you never imagined.  Much thanks also to the Central Parks Conservancy and the Parks Department for turning the park around 20-something years ago from its low point in history to the beauty we have today!  We are all very lucky at this remarkable period in time, to have such a gem!
Just breath taking! First time and I want more. You cant do it all in one day and be ready for a lot of walking.
We only had time for a quick rest by a lake where people were racing their miniature sail boats. This was just inside the boundaries of Central Park, but even then, it made a big difference in blocking out the hubbub from the city, traffic, and such outside. It's a good place to bring the kids, but I do wish that the parents would be a little less annoying. Some of the parents sat down right next to us, even with plenty of space on several benches on either side of us, then proceeded to yell loudly at their kids 50 feet away, who were ignoring them. Although there are various performers here, my personal favorites are usually people who play music. It's relaxing, and very low involvement for me, haha. Some of these are personable with the kids in the audience, which is a nice touch, though some kids are totally freaked out by having a stranger in their face. Looks like several people started feeling generous and tipped the performers after they engaged the kids, though, even if the kid wasn't their own. Too bad I was only here for the weekend. However, relocating to New York is currently a possibility. If so, I'll probably be coming here quite a bit.
One really doesnt need say much about Central Park. I'm from SF and we have Golden Gate Park- but it is nothing in comparison. The 10K loop is amazing - small rolling hills. Perfect to run or get your skate on. Even loops on the road bike are totally do-able here. Endless trails to walk the dog (stumbled upon the "Rambles"- now THAT was interesting at twilight!) But really- I miss living across the street from this place. CP invites one to get into shape. Hands down, the most amazing park ever.
Incredible space. Hard to believe it was once a big swamp pit! I make it a point to visit as often as I can when I'm in New York. I explore different areas, stop to enjoy the view and sunshine, and of course people watch. It's such a large park, and the small "castle" in the middle is a fun place to check out. If you can come in the fall, the leaves are spectacular! If you come to NYC and don't take at least one walk through Central Park, there may be something wrong with you. You simply can't miss this gem of a park - there's a good reason why it's so famous!
What can I possibly say about Central Park that hasn't already been said?  It's serenity in the middle of chaos.  It's beauty nestled within a concrete jungle.  It's the great outdoors in a city where people literally have to live on top of each other in order to fit on one tiny island.  Central Park is the peace that New Yorkers seek out in order to survive the stress of the city, it's where their children play, where they sunbathe, and where the world slows down just for a second.
I cant believe I'm reviewing Central Park lol. Anyway this is the Crown Jewel of NYC. I bike/run here 3-4x a week, especially when the weathers great. Running around the reservoir is an amazing experience, the sight of the buildings towering over ancient oak trees is something else entirely. Biking up the vicious hills and working a sweat and then relaxing as you fly downhill with nothing but the sound of wind whistling in your ears.....I LOVE THIS CITY. I'm a lifelong new yorker and every time I run or bike around the loop I remember why I love this city and how much it has to offer. With nothing to be said about the various events, concerts, etc. If you come to NYC, make sure you spend a full 48 hours here. Its the best of what we have to offer, trust me.
I wished I could have spent more time in NYC and done more stuff at Central Park. I was hoping to check out the alice statue, turtle pond and Belvedere Castle! Next time! I did get a cool view of Central Park from the Top of the Rock. Ugh, this review is terrible. sorry newyorkers. I spent all my money and time on your eats that I ran out of time to appreciate this beautiful park.
As I once quipped to a young lady passing by, "these are the most gluttonous, cockiest damn squirrels I have ever seen". An hour later, I had a new lady friend. Go Central Park! My favorites are the south playground, the pond, and the great lawn. Taste them for yourself! * *Be sure to rinse your mouth afterwards.
I love getting lost in here, seeing free concerts and laying out on sheeps lawn. This is the quintessential NYC park, just a million times bigger. Central Park and Washington Square Park both have my heart, but their is just something nostalgic about CP, especially watching the roller skaters on a warm summers day, or taking a stroll over the bridge when it's snowing. Ahhh memories... TIP: In the summer wear insect repellent if you're prone to mosquito bites or else watch out!
During the day, Central Park provides a warm, inviting gravitational pull for both New Yorkers and visitors. You would never know the place was man-made by the feel of it. And who cares? Surely the landscaping was divinely inspired. I wish I could have seen it when it was draped in orange "gates" a few years back. Remember the hullabaloo over Christo and Jeanne-Claude's vision? Remember the outrage over the audacity of these artists - following by joy, at the gates' arrival, and then sadness, that they were so fleeting? Only in New York. Oh - and did I say how much I love Central Park, season after glorious season? You probably gathered that.
I love wandering around in Central Park. When the weather is nice, it's one of the most beautiful and peaceful places in New York City. It's a great place to go if you want to get a breath of fresh air or get some exercies. There's a lot of interesting things to see, like the life-size Alice in Wonderland statue, the lions and tigers and bears in Central Park Zoo, and the cute little pond where miniature sailboats skid around.
Why am I writing a review for Central Park?  Haven't you already made up your mind about it? People complain about it being 'touristy'.  Well we were tourists here...so apt I guess?  We came for a sunset tour and were accompanied by 4 others (none of them were tourists, interestingly enough). The park is large and beautiful.  We came on a day right after a heavy snowfall (well, heavy for us Californians) so the entire park was covered in a clean white layer.  Maybe it was the day, but I never really felt like we were surrounded by tourists.  I suppose in the summer it would be a bit more full of point-and-snaps, but the park is large enough I can't imagine that being a major issue.  Come on people, stop being such hipster elitists.  The park is great and seems well maintained (again, I can't account for any grass). I could see myself coming here just to sit and relax on a warm day.  Would revisit.
LOVE, Love, love the park!  One thing...I hate the cars that drive through.   When you just want to get away from it all, those damn cabs/drivers bring you back into the city with its smog and honking horns.  As a runner, this is definitely a distraction to my day there....GET RID OF THE CARS FROM THE PARK and I'll add that extra star!
Every time I come here, I wish I had a dog so that I could wander aimlessly around the huge park. I wouldn't look crazy because I would be walking my dog. Too bad I have commitment issues...sigh...Some day!
Despite living so close to nyc nearly my whole life, I hadn't ever walked through this park before. I saw the Alice in Wonderland Statue on an episode of Law and Order (yes really) and decided I must see it and photograph it. What an amazing place. the only reason I took a star off, is because of the crime that is a big part of Central Park. Such a shame, because this would be a lovely spot for nightime walks. I explored the children's section where Alice is, and then up to Strawberry fields to see the Imagine memorial. Truly a beautiful and unique park.
A great escape from New York within New York. Central Park is great to walk around,explore, and get away from the daily grind. Rent bicycles to get a lay of the land. It's a fun ride around the park and gives you ideas of where you want to visit next.
Central Park is as breathtaking in its beauty as it is humbling in its enormity. Whoever envisioned this majestic land complete with hundreds of acres of lawns, lakes and streams, and woodlands, bridges, sculptures, monuments, ball fields, and playgrounds was a genius. Oh, and did I mention a castle? I wanted to have a picnic near Belvedere Castle but the weather that day didn't really allow for such whimsy. So we returned another day for a lovely afternoon stroll instead. The observation deck at Belvedere Castle closed at 5pm so we didn't get a chance to go on it but it was still wonderful to see the castle and take in all the incredible scenery. We saw lots of bikers, runners, and other people like us whom just wanted to have a serene walk in the park. Even though there were many people there that day, because the place is so large, it still felt very private and romantic. Central Park was everything I imagined it would be and more...without a doubt one of the highlights of my first time in New York!
New York Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by its new director Alan Gilbert, Central Park July 14th! OK the grass was green, the weather was great, ONLY 80.000 people and lots of food and wine. But hey..... when the music started (I BELIEVE they played Mozart and Beethoven) I couldn't hear anything because nobody paid any attention to the music. Instead everybody were talking and talking and talking and talking and talking and ..... mind you I sat quite close to one of the loudspeakers but nevertheless..... So if you just want to have a pick-nick don't choose 14th of July next year!  :-/
The park is for everyone. No one has any better reason to be there than anyone else and there's space for us all to play, even on the nicest Saturday of Spring. Also, it's the best cheap date spot EVER.
Beautiful park, great people-watching, all kinds of dogs, street performers, people doing tai chi, and much more. There are crowded spots, secluded spots, spots by the water, spots on a hill, kayaking, running paths, everything you could ask for in a park. All kinds of life, in every stage. Wonderful to behold.
I dig Strawberry Fields because I'm a Beatles fan and a hippy at heart.  Bethesda fountain is also a cool place to sit and chill and a nice day.  My only complaint is the crowds on a summer weekend.  I would rather take a walk or rollerblade in Riverside park to enjoy the view and get away from tourists.  Also the carnival during the summer is overpriced.  But props to Central Park.  It's still high on my list of things to do and not spend money - which is damn hard to find in this city!
BEST PARK IN THE WORLD. Okay I can't back that 100% but it's the best park I've been to and also my favorite spot in NY when I visited for 48 hours. As a park enthusiast, I couldn't help but fall in love with all the little (and big) things you could do! It seems like I could spend days here and still not see everything. In fact, my friend and I came here twice because we really loved the park and it's endless opportunities for frolicking and exploring. I could live here.
Actually, if you live in NY, as anywhere, you DON'T visit a place you llike frequently: 1) you're busy living your life 2) you think it'll always be there for you
I came here with high expectations, and not only were those met but the place actually wowed me beyond what I thought a park could ever do. Its the biggest park I've seen in a City, and is surrounded by all kinds of gorgeous buildings, and neighborhoods. The area where I was is very nice, and is the safest feeling park I've ever been. I imagine if you wen't all the way to the North end of the park that faces Harlem you might be in a somewhat shady area but even that didn't look that bad. There are all kinds of different attractions in the park, the one I made a destination of was Strawberry Fields since I'm a big John Lennon fan. It's a memorial garden dedicated to him and is directly across from the Dakota which is where he lived for many years of his life. It is also where he was murdered, no not by a New Yorker but by a crazy guy who traveled from Honolulu to do it. This particular area of the park is really amazing, as are the surrounding buildings. Walking the paths in this part of the park takes you through rock outcroppings and ponds in which you go on charming stone bridges to cross. The views from the bridges are amazing, wish I had been here in the winter during a snowfall. What a scene that would be with all the majestic buildings and trees. There is also alot to do around here, you're real close to an overwhelming variety of dining options, just a warning, and there are a ton of huge museums that are practically lined up one after another. This includes Frank Lloyd Wright's Guggenheim. Only thing I can say I'd like to be different is I wish people could tour the Dakota where John Lennon lived. I was very impressed with Central Park, and I'm sure they're isn't anything like it in the entire World.
I loved this place. It's gorgeous and it's awesome that an urban place like NYC has this. There's so much to see and to explore. Plus, it's in a lot of movies, so you can say, "Wow, Enchanted was filmed here!" or something like that. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I'm in the area. I don't think anyone could ever get bored of this place.
I looooooved walking through Central Park.  I'd say it's one of the best parks in the country.  It's the perfect place to take a jog, go on a stroll, or just sit for awhile and watch people go by.  I enjoyed seeing people walk their dogs there, did lots of petting. :D
I adore Central Park! Even though it is just a park, there is endless fun for both children AND adults. I take trips to central park and you are always surprised at what you see there. My favorite things about Central Park are the paddle boats and the talented people that perform there. There are always free events being held there as well. You can go to central park with your kids to have a picnic and play games on their large field, take your dog for a day out of the house, a date out with your partner, or even to get some great pictures. If you want to work out, go to central park, its free and the scenery is beautiful. There is so much to do there that requires little money if not any at all.
Fall colors in Central Park compel people to do strange things.  Like run 6 miles in the rain.  (?!?!?!?!!!!!)   Central Park, you had me at hello.
Ah, the iconic Central Park. It's amazing to see such a vast green space in the middle of downtown Manhattan. The winding trails, the ponds and bridges, and the occasional Lady Gaga concert. After all the walking we had done throughout NYC, my friends and I decided to take a carriage ride through Central Park. I wasn't too interested in participating because: - Carriage rides smell from the horses - It's expensive: $90 for four people and a 45 minute ride - The horses are housed in poor conditions, as there are no barns in New York City. aspca.org/fight-animal-c… Nonetheless, I was outvoted an away in a carriage we went. We saw the house filmed in the Ghostbusters movie, Strawberry Field, and some other notable locations. My friends were amused by our guide's Irish accent, however, I felt he could have told a few more stories along the way, aside from "Coming up is Strawberry Fields." I also would have like to stop, get out, and take pictures, especially after paying $90.00. I wish I could get into the spirit of Central Park like others on here. Unfortunately, with the huge business of carriage rides booming within it, Central Park loses its majestic appeal.
What a beautifully groomed public space.  This is singularly the spot I covet the most in NYC.  This trip I got to see the pond and the castle.
The best place to be alone, get it all together and then go back to the hustle and bustle of being a lavish new yorker.
What an amazing park! For anyone visiting Manhattan, it is a must. Such a huge and fascinating park. They even have sections dedicated to various people or things. They have a section labeled 'Strawberry Fields' for Beatles fans, and even some ground art with 'Imagine' written out. Close by you can even see the apartment John Lennon lived in on the West side of the park at 72nd's northwest corner nicknamed 'The Dakota.' I thought we walked far more than we had of the park, but once we went home for the day we realized we maybe covered 1/3 of the park. At night it does get a little creepy and the bathrooms seem to close early. We made that mistake after wanting to walk in the park after dinner and realizing we needed to use the restroom. You really could spend hours and hours there.
It's Central Park. Its THE NY park. How can you not love it? You walk in from crazy traffic and general hecticness and within minutes you feel like youre in another world, a calmer world. You commune with nature, you see chipmunks! Chipmunks for God sake!!  Came here on Friday during my staycation and had a picnic with the Princess. Sitting under a tree, on a blanket, eating and feeling the breeze with the little guy playing, collecting rocks. Man this is nirvana. Love Belvedere Castle, love the lake, love the fountain. Love it all.
'Urban Oasis' is probably the term I would use to describe this park. It's a green, expansive stretch that offers some type of respite from the noisy city. There's also Wafles and Dingles in this park, which makes me love it even more. There's playgrounds within the park, sculptures, bike paths, fountains, performers, carriage rides, baseball diamonds...it has everything you could ask from a park and more. It really is beautiful and a must see during NYC visits. I think some people think a park is a park is a park, but this is more than a park. It IS most definitely an Oasis.
So, we're in New York...of course we're going to check out Central park. Not all of it since it's 800+ mother fn acres!! Wow. Plus, who can forget the crazy pigeon lady from Home Alone 2?! Yea, didn't run into her. ;) But just being in that park where TONS of movies have taken place was a true experience.
There are times when it feels like the city is closing in around you and you feel that the buildings might eat you. It is times such as these when I hit up Central Park and enjoy "nature." Sure, it isn't exactly like standing at the top of a mountain in the alps in the middle of winter in terms of feeling at one with the earth, Central Park definitely gives a needed respite to any New Yorker. There are countless activities in Central Park (some free, some not) but no one could ever be bored here.
I am a great admirer of parks, and this enormous green space in the middle of one of the world's largest city does not disappoint.  While you're in the park, it is hard to appreciate just how huge it is because you can still see the mammoth buildings encroaching around its edges, but there are plenty of places to explore.  I wish I'd had more time to get around it! Whilst there, my friend and I took a carriage ride tour through the park.  When we'd looked it up on the internet, people had said to expect a cost of $80 divided between however many passengers, but when we walked up the driver offered us a ride for $50 plus tip. Fantastic!  Now, from what I hear, some drivers start high and you have to haggle them down.  Please do that, but don't expect it to be any less than $50, as there is a sign in all the carriages stating that its the minimum they can take. We also went ice skating, which was a lovely experience.  I only wish my battered feet were more up to it, as after walking around the city for 8 days in a binge of relentless tourism, they were pretty done in.  I'll review the Wollman Rink seperately, though.   The park has lovely, big, craggy rocks for climbing on, and there were some trees just begging to be climbed (had I the right shoes, I'd certainly have tried scrabbling up a few limbs).  And what can you say about a park that has its own castle? Of course, I just had to go find Balto and give him a hug...  and climbed on him like a pony before I could be arrested.  Respectfully, though!  I loved the animated film when I was younger, and that its based on a true story is just amazing.  Sadly, we didn't have the time to locate Alice.  Next time, maybe. :)
So I took the D train from my house to meet my sis in central park. The park was crowded as usual. and as usual, when there are no straight blocks and street signs, we got lost a little (I say a little because there were plenty people to ask directions from although some were tourists) I gave it 3 stars and not one because we (my sister and I) did find a secluded spot to have our picnic. it was really great because even though it was so crowded, no one came to "our" corner. we sat on a stone bench surrounded by curved fences seeing millions of people walking by but no one saw us. the one drawback to our secluded corner was that to get to that corner we passed a dog poop infested with flies. but that did not destroy our appetite.
It's a given if you're visiting New York that  you'll visit this park. The amazing thing about it is how different it can be depending on where you enter. On the lower sections you have these dark exposed rocks which then go up to curving roads and cute bridges to then lakes with a cafe by the side! I can't think of many cities where it's original founders had the foresight to leave such a large park area in the middle of the city but I'm thankful they did and it has resulted in it becoming one of the greatest parks in the world.
I so wish I can experience Central Park when it snows. It's gorgeous when in Spring, when I visited a few weeks ago, but how romantic would it be to be there during winter. It's everything, and even more, than I've expected. I immediately fell in love with the park. The people, the atmosphere, the quiet and mellowness....I can see myself just relaxing in the center of Central Park after work or early in the morning and even at night. It's just utterly a ROMANTIC place. I wish I had someone with me when I was in NY. We'd sail the sail boats, row a boat in the lake, and take a long stroll in the park and just experience it all; absorb it. Godallmighty, I miss NY's beauty!
I have to confess i love New York,spent an afternoon sun bathing with a picnic here,walked here evey day, loved just people watching.I Went to the John Lennon memorial(a circular mosaic ) and met some interesting hippy types playing guitars.We took an evening ride in a pony and trap ,we had a meal in the famous Tavern On The Green .The place was notorious for drugs,muggings etc ,but with the help of zero tolerance and the conservation society ,has been reclaimed by New Yorkers and tourists a like .Also spent an afternoon in the zoo and at the Metropolitan Art Museum ,hope to be back very soon.
This is a nice park.  A lot of things to do and be active.  You can see the park on a horse carriage ride, row boat in the park, or have a picnic.  If you are trying to have a relaxing day after running around in the city then go here.
This is a review for a silent Central Park in January while it is snowing big flakes.  I've seen paintings of the park depicting how lovely it is in a winter scene, but to walk through it is magical.  Perfectly white, undisturbed snow on the ground and the giant flakes keep falling.  It's the crunchy sort of snow that we used to call good packing snow.  The way the trees look....heaven I've walked through the park spring and autumn.  This was my first winter snow experience in the park.....Stunningly beautiful.
How go you go wrong with acres of green space in a city?  You cannot.  A trip to New York is not complete with out a visit to the park.  It is a great back drop for everything, epically a wedding proposal!  Where you ask?  On 59th Street between the Plaza and The Pond, it was raining a bit so it wasn't that great, but she said yes, then we went to yelp.com/biz/tD1pDzU-x8g… Strand has a little kiosk on 5th & 61st, and then lots of other vendors are up there.   We like to just sit in the park and bask in the sun on nice days without having to go all the way to the beach!
We rode some bikes around the whole perimeter of the park today.  Its absolutely beautiful.  We pulled off at a couple of stops and checked a few things out.  We unfortunately didn't have nearly enough time to explore everything.  You could probably spend a week here and not see everything.  Its a total trip on how you can be walking in NY and see all these huge buildings, trash, crack heads, hipsters etc and then go a few blocks and you have possibly the greatest patch of green and park ever!  The bike trails were well laid out and the path takes you in a giant loop so you cant really get lost.  It was a fun time and a must see if you come to NY.
nice place to walk around, although avoid late at night as it can get dangerous (especially around the lake that freezes in the winter). we visited in late November to celebrate our engagement and this was such a romantic place to visit, kids toboganing down the hill, squirrels running around, really nice. hope to visit NY again, still lots to see & do.
What a break from hustle if the City, so much history and movie buff stuff. Hire a bike and see the park.
"It's like Disneyland but you know....not"  Why are tourists so silly?  Just overheard this and was seriously confused for a hot minute. Central Park is amazing in it's own right.  But it really depends which activity: Biking - Biking in Central Park seems like a breeze but the few times I've gone the hills actually had me heaving.  I love how many professional runners/bikers there are here.  Can really up your game. Bouldering - Checked out Bouldering on Rat Rock the other day.  I'm by no means an expert so the terrain was pretty tough for me.  The internet told me there'd be a ton of v0's = v2's but I guess these routes were graded 40 years ago.  Somebody told us the rock eroded and v0's turned into v5's.  Still pretty awesome to scale rocks in the heart of the best city in the world. Drinking - I've snuck beer into this place over 5 times without getting caught.  Legal, it is not.  But god it can be good times. People watching - Probably the best place to lay out a blanket, bring some hummus and magazines, and just chill out.  I saw a family LARP-ing here once.  A Quidditch team practicing here.  You never know what you'll find on a lazy Saturday afternoon, but it'll be far from ordinary. Animal watching - There is a zoo.  But you are MUCH better off going to bronx zoo where animals can roam like animals.  The CP zoo was actually pretty depressing. Sightseeing - Really loved touring around this area when I first got here.  Definitely check out the Belvedere Castle and the John Lennon Memorial.  If you're in town for summer a show at the Summer Stage can't be beat.  Just bring tons of sunblock and get ready to sweat. Dates - I've had a few dates here (yes, they were cheap people. OVER IT!).  Honestly it's such a romantic chill area, as long as they don't pull something cheesy like a carriage ride, it can be a pretty awesome experience.  Snag a bench and just comment on all the weirdos walking past.   Sorry for the long post people. But come on, it's Central Park :)
Love, Love, Love, Love, LOVE CENTRAL PARK. All of my favorite museums rest next to this park: American Museum of Natural History, the Met, the Guggenheim--and the others aren't too far away because it's Manhattan and there are subways. B and I had an extra fun time here because, we got to see THOTH. He performs his "prayformances" under the Angel Tunnel. We had seen a documentary on him, and were so thrilled that we were going to be arriving in NYC when he was performing. So, we hop off the Megabus, get a snack at the brewery at the base of the Empire State Building, and head on over to the Angel Tunnel. Thoth is chilling to see in person. His opera singing, violin, and dancing really are a MUST SEE if you are in NYC when he is performing. Plus, he is just the same in person as he is in the documentary. He is so caught up in this philosophical world that he is the most genuine crazy street performer you're gonna meet. Other than Thoth, the trees, ponds, rabid squirrels were all that I hoped them to be. This was my second trip to NYC, so I kinda felt like I was showing B around---we both had an amazing time.
Its not my most favorite park, its very commercial, its 100% man made, gets very packed and sometimes it doesn't offer the peace of mind that I would truly want that I can find in other parks but I'll be lying my ass off if I say I don't love this park and that I'm not impressed by it. Its quite amazing that you can actually be in the midst of nature smack dab in the middle of Manhattan in a park that covers 110th street to 59th, east and west. You can walk in this park and discover a castle, bridges, a zoo, nice little streams, water falls and witness some impressive wild life. There's ALWAYS, ALWAYS something going on here during the summer; concerts, shows and plenty of other events. There's plenty to do! You can picnic, do yoga, general exercise, festivals, carnivals, ice skating, bike ride, hike, horse back ride, rock climb, row boat and much more that I'm not even touching right now. It's great for romantic dates, great for honey moons, people watching, sports, etc.If I were to name the plethora of activities and events that go on, I wouldn't be able to with this review. Just know that there's always something going on and if you miss it, well, then you have a problem. If there's one thing I dislike,  is that since it's such an iconic spot, a landmark, a "must see" place; its certainly a tourist trap. Which I'll admit, is understandable and if I were a tourist I would make a trip here as well. So expect some parts of the park, like Strawberry Fields, to be cluttered with annoying tourist and hippies reciting John Lennon music. However, the park is vast enough that you always find your place away from the crowd. Another thing I hate is that the park can be filled with creepo's and angry bums at the sun goes down. It's nothing like it used to be like it was back in the days but you'll still should watch your back after a certain time. I also hate that the park gets JAMMED during certain parades (like the Puerto Rican day parade) so you may want to watch out for that. Maybe I'm just nit picking but don't let that deter you whatsoever from checking out this park. It's certainly lives up to the hype and then some.
Every time I am stressed, upset, have a lot to think about, an important decision  to make, angry- anything- I come here and the park always makes me feel better. I love it. Something about the trees, people, musicians, grass, just everything- it is a relaxing and a wonderful part of Manhattan.
There will always be a place to sit and enjoy the view at Central Park.  No matter how gorgeous the weather is or even if there is an event here, you will find a spot just for you. I can't think of a better place to propose to your wife-to-be in NYC.  Even though there are tons of people in the park every day, there are enough nooks and crannies spread throughout the park, that you can find a quiet and romantic hideaway.   You just have to do some recon beforehand...
Sorry.  Central Park just does not do it for me.  It's in a lame isolated part of town and I do not like dodging bikers, roller bladers and runners. The only saving graces to Central Park is that it appears on Sesame Street and has a Zoo that's good for kids. Ever notice good food is few and far between in the Park? I prefer Washington Square Park.  Which is located in The Superior Part of town with a good mix of free live music.  The park has gotten a noice facelift also.   It just sucks that the nasty Zucotti Park freaks have started hanging out in the park more often making all sorts of noise.  I just want to relax and enjoy the park.  I bet they wouldn't like it if I was yelling and making noise by their house.  A lot of them don't bathe either.  Gross.
Really pretty, but so very crowded. Good for a jaunt or for a sitdown, but not so good for crossing town. Saw a man presiding over a turtle race. The random things you see/that happen are just part of the charm, I think.
Central Park is huge & beautiful. We didn't even see 10% of the park, I'm sure... But what we saw, we loved. Definitely go and get away from the madness of NYC for awhile. It's a welcome calm in the midst of city insanity.
i guess i took central park for granted. living here in this beautiful city for 18 yrs i remember going there a couple of times with my friends in jr high but never going back  now when im 21 is when i finally understand the beauty. the long endless walks to no where that always lead you to new exciting and interesting parts of the park.. i just found out that you can rent one of the little row boats for 1hr for only $12 and its a maximum of 4 people. now that sounds like fun since none of my friends know how to row boats =) the men and women in their roller blades near the theater are always putting on an interesting show. i like the entrance on 72nd street. its a lot easier to get to the meadows from there where you can lay on an open grass fields and take in the sun like there's no skin caner!
It's a huge awesome park, how can you not love it!? There's really not much to say about Central Park, other than its really a wonderful place. Filled with rocks to conquer, fields to play on, playgrounds to take you back to childhood, trails to run, food to eat, and sights to see...what else can you ask for? When the weather is nice, nothing beats laying on the grass with a friend and just enjoying the moment. This park is the perfect getaway from the daily Manhattan grind.
Don't listen to extravagant-sounding praise for this park; its obviously from individuals that live nearby and rely on it. That's a natural loyalty. Can't really blame them. What the heck would Manhattan residents do without this resource? But as far as world-class parks go; the claims which CP-supporters make for it are ludicrous and implausible. This former ash-and-cinder heap, transformed into an "urban oasis", is far from being world-class. Ignore the hype and treat the reality: it actually kinda sucks. In my opinion, it does not have the ability to 'make you forget you're trapped inside the bowels of New York City'. How could it? Surrounded by concrete on all sides? Does an exercise yard in a prison make inmates feel free? Its essentially a vast golf course. Has that same feel. Nature is present ONLY in careful little 'museum exhibits'. Really, the whole park is that way: a forlorn, xenophobic, vapid, 'tree-museum'. Oh look, here's one right now--and yes, look at that one over there, too. How nice. Let's walk over there and see it. Nature simply isn't 'wild' here. Not even close. Its manicured, primped, and pampered. Made silly and foolish. New Yorkers can't handle a real park. This is a park groomed by Bloomberg for weaklings, little old ladies, and especially for tourists. You will find every rule and regulation reinforces this. Its heavily officiated; monitored; draconian; austere; dry; banal; prudish; and uptight. Its a park where you can't put your drink down without using a coaster. I particularly dislike the windy little 'golf-cart trails' which thread through the whole thing; which--by dint of the park being so massive in size--you really have to cling to--or else find yourself wandering alone for hours in a bleak, green desert. Shapeless, formless, directionless, edgeless. The park design turns everything into "gentle rolling curves" and "supple twists" and "curlicues". All boundaries 'blur together'; all transitions are 'languid' and 'soothing'. Like the grounds of a mental hospital. Every element is obviously 'man-made'. End result? Boredom. Central Park looks exactly the same from one end to the other. There is thus, never any inspiration to really explore such a uniform vista. There are no *surprises*. Another subtle--but crucial--design issue: scale. Think about it. The sheer scale of the park prevents it from ever really being utilized fully. Most people just 'peep in' a little ways from the surrounding sidewalk --have a timid, meek little picnic--and then scurry back when they're done. How else? Can you blame them? Who wants to walk out to the middle of this pointless dead zone? With no access to toilets? Yeah, right. Okay (I hear you ask) but well what about places which are situated near enough to the park boundary to partake in, like the zoo? Or Lennon's memorial? Well, you can guess my answer. Sure, they might be okay... except for the obvious problem that they're ....thronged by New Yorkers! Seriously, who wants to hang out with New Yorkers when one is trying to relax? Is that your idea of fun? You might as well be on a stage; you're surrounded by gawkers--swiveling their heads around at any little thing you might do--because if you do something INTERESTING; they want to PHOTOGRAPH it to enliven their own dull existences. Its really just a park for postcards, gang. Pass it up.
What more can I say? It's Central Park!!!! My wonderful central park~
What's not to love? Smack dab in the middle of Manhattan lies an oasis.
What else can I say - An OASIS in the middle of Manhattan!!!!
Huge park, surrounded by people hawking trinkets, dudes hustling bike tours, and street vendors. The place has natural beauty but it's diminished by the people hustling the bike tours.
4.5 stars... Central Park really need no review, it's a beautiful oasis in the face paced hectic city of New York. I honestly think that New Yorkers would go insane or move away without having the chance of connecting to nature with this park. You can do anything here and the city does a fine job of keeping the park clean which is important. There seems to always be some type of activity or even going on in the park and even without one it would take you at least a dozen trip to see and experience most of the park. I've rented a row boat here which was nice but I really wish you could rent a traditional sit-in kayak here, that would be my biggest criticism of the park. No matter what activity you like here you can still aways find a quiet little nook to call your own and unwind which is key for a lot of people. The park really is a fantastic place to check out if you've never been but if you don't live in the city I don't think you'll ever get the full appreciation of how important Central Park is.
Central Park is not just a tourist destination. It's truly a place for the people of the city. I've had so many memorable moments there. The park creates a beautiful insulation from the streets of the city and provides a neutral place for many activities.  I've had so many memories training for my half marathon, grooving to music at a Central Park Summer Stage concert, biking with my friends, paddling in a boat with my husband and so much more. I love this place!
It is great walking around central park. There are a lot of things to see and do. I lived in and around NYC for six years so I sometimes miss that cold and gray world. I think it is very nice up around 90 th street. I never ran into any problems here with crime or anything. I also like to watch people rent boats and float in the lake or cut through here at night and walk by tavern on the green with your girlfriend. Romantic. It is okay to walk down around 60 th street at night if you stay on the main road. It is pretty clean too.
Perfect.  I just spent a week in NYC and ran in CPK everyday.  It is the most perfect place to run IMHO and I have run all over the world.
Ken Burns once labeled the National Parks, "America's Best Idea."  I would argue that Central Park is by far "New York's Best Idea." There are more than 1000 reviews of this place at the time of this review so I'm not going to presume to add anything new or original.  I'm just going to share that it is every bit as magical as you might think from all the movies.  It's a great place to rewind and "get away" from the city in the city.  It's a great place to just be and think.  You can be as social or as private as you want.  The Park is pretty flexible. :-)
I can never complain about this place since I proposed to my wife here two years ago.  It's a nice park that has plenty of depth to accommodate all sorts of hobbies, cyclists, bladers, joggers, etc.  I only wish we had something similar in DC complete with hot dog vendors and other niceties. Not to mention the fact that you can take horse carriages through here, take a stroll, or even catch the museums that line the outer skirts of the park.  Always a great place if you ask me.
This is my home away from the country.  When ever I need a good dose of nature in the city I trek my way up here and take long walks through the less crowded more woodsy parts.  My favorite event in the summer is Shakespeare in The Park.  They also have a volunteer program to help do cleanup in the park every other week, a good way to give back.  Haven't had a chance to do the make out thing I hear is a big part of hanging out in the park.  In due time though. Sometimes it's hard to believe there is a big noisy city outside the boundaries of the park.
Who's going to say something bad about Central Park? As much as I wanted to put 2 or 3 stars and say something like "I hate the color green," I'm too much of a conformist sheep. 5 stars it is. It's, like, totally awesome.
Central Park is simply the most amazing park ever. When I used to live i the city, I would spend countless weekends hanging out with friends in sheepshead.  Going for a run or to walk my dog after work, rollerblading or just to find a nice spot and read a book.  My favorite times of year are in the fall when the leaves are changing colors and right after the snowfall, when you can come see the snow on the leaves and ground completely untouched yet.
Whenever I visit New York City I'm always in awe of Central Park. It's so awesome that a place like this exists amongst the hustle and bustle and skyscrapers. The park is huge so you won't be able to explore it all. Just mosey on it and walk around on a nice, sunny day. There's so much vibrant activity in the park, making it an excellent place to people watch. Lots of local celebrities frequent the park (I've once seen Howard Stern jogging and Reese Witherspoon walking) and they blend in just like normal folks. You'll find a mix of locals and tourists, giggling school kids on their way to the zoo, elderly couples admiring the flowers, dogs enjoying the sunshine, lovers cuddling on blankets and more. Central Park is magical any time of the year.
Quite possibly the single best place in New York City that doesn't have a view of New York City. Other than the people, who are of all walks of life. From Alice in Wonderland to a sailing pond and ice skating rink, fountains, silent performers, foot-paddle boats, a walk lined with philosophers, jogging paths, sport diamonds, large fields, rocks to climb and bridges to walk over and under, Shakespeare in the Park, massive throngs of protesters, bordering the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Natural History Museums, a small castle and performing stages, there's nothing like the massive backyard of Manhattan to relax in the spring, summer, and fall. A bit chillier in the winter, but beautiful pictures possible here. Avoid it in the dark, and be careful of the rollerbladers, horse-drawn carraiges and bikers, but otherwise, take advantage of some of the nooks and crannies to be explored, plus places like Tavern on the Green, if you get a chance. The north side of the park is much less populated, and a stroll from south to north can be quite the afternoon with some ice cream.
Beautiful and HUGE!!!!!!   This is a magnificiant park in NYC.  My husband and I rented bikes for 3 hours and biked the park to get the most of it....on foot, it would take super long and this was the best way to see everything.  The trees are gorgeous and shaded the park nicely, the hilly walkways, rocks, lake and reservoir.  just perfect.  we had no idea central park was so hilly.  it's been awhile since i was last on a bike and i was chuggin it getting up those hills.....it was tough, but definitely worth it!  It is the best way to see the park if you are short on time and can't spend the full day there.  the weather was nice....the lawn was packed with sun-bathers and people hanging out with their dogs....lovely!  it's a perfect place for new yorkers to get a break of the city lifestyle, relax, workout, and take a load off.  Amazing park.
You can play frisbee, sunbathe, bring you dog, asked to be on tv, get robbed, listen to live perfomances, drive you car, get on a horse buggie, do drugs and walk around, have a picnic, get lost, see The Gates, watch the NY marathon and everything in between.
Love it.  Can't say enough good about it.  Walked through every time I go to the city.  Was there on perfect Saturday in June and it was packed.  Like the park better packed.  Looked like some great volleyball being played.
simply one of the most beatiful parks in the world. not be missed: the rambles, the north end wild area, the carousel, strawberry fields...
An ode in borrowed words Sunny sunny bright Paint your pallete blue and gay Look out on a summer's day With eyes that know The lightness of my soul Shadows on the hills Sketch the trees and forts and frills Catch the breeze and the winter chills In colours on the snowy linen land. And now I understand What you tried to say to me How you suffered for your sanity How you tried to set them free. They would not listen. They did not know how, Perhaps, they'll listen now. Sunny, sunny bright Laughs the baby in the sun Does a jig the crazy one And all this madness hidden in the fun. Sneak away sometimes Slip into a cotton dress Hair down in a dewy mess Play a clever brazen game of chess. Perhaps, they'll listen now. The busy city men with the city in tow. * Thank you Mr. Van Gogh and Mr.McLean. I couldn't have painted it better than you, I couldn't have written it better than you. But I tried.
How can you go to New York without stopping by Central Park? Much cleaner than I imagined, and the weather was perfect for a stroll.  We saw so many squirrels!  There are so many photo opportunities it's ridiculous... Plus there was food around every corner.  Had a hot dog... walked a little bit... then followed it up with an empanada.  Then we sat and took in the scenery while we digested. Beautiful... what more can you say?
New Yorkers are so spoiled.
Hands down one of my favorite places. With the amazing energy that the city has to offer it's wonderful to be able to go somewhere where everything just stops. It's so peaceful and gorgeous I wonder how anyone couldn't love it here?! I just moved to the city and this place is my oasis...
Such an amazing place. It's freaking huge! And has so much to offer.... boat rides, lake, ponds (Turtle Pond is awesome), gardens, a castle, carousel, playgrounds, fountains, bridges, ice skating, various sculptures, theater, zoo and sooo much more. It's almost mind boggling. Last time, I ventured to explore some of the woodland areas (the Ramble) and it was amazing. Not exactly real hiking but as close to as you will get in the city. A lot of events going on here too. You won't get to see it all in one day so pick an area. The website lists everything that it has to offer. I'd suggest if you decide to really explore it and you have a smartphone, download a Central Park map app - it also gives you info on each point of interest. Happy exploring!
Central Park has something for everyone.   It's where East Siders and West Siders can congregate, and one of the few things they can break bread on.   You can go in at any entrance and forget almost immediately that you are smack dab in the middle of the city.  Until you walk a path and see the big buildings that loom above. You can walk and take a leisurely stroll.  Or you can run and work up a sweat on a run.  You can walk/run the regular asphalt jungle.  Or you can exercise on the dirt paths of the reservoir.   You can look at performance artists at the Bethesda Fountain.  Or you can take a book and go to the Great Lawn or Turtle Pond and not be bothered. Tavern on the Green is no longer open. But there is a museum at the Belvedere Castle, there is the Boathouse Cafe, and there is also the Delacorte Theater where I see people always waiting in lines for the Shakespeare in the Park.   I've lived close to the park for three years.  And yet I am always finding something new about the park.  I found a place called "Cherry hill" which was an area my husband and I found accidentally while taking a walk.  I also found out that the Belvedere Castle is open five days a week for free for tours.   I can take a picnic of Shake Shack and eat on the grass somewhere.   Or i can take a paper and read on the weekends.   All in all, as I said, something for everyone.  If you want quiet, you got quiet.  If you want noise, go find it.  You want to work up a sweat, you can.  You want to clear your mind, you can do that too. Make it a point to visit Central Park.  There's something for everyone.
This is a park! I love how it's in the middle of the city, and there are so many places to see. As a tourist, I totally appreciated how locals were loungin in the park (everywhere!!!) We saw the castle, and it is such a lovely sight from the top! try to go on a good weather day, as when it is humid you don't enjoy it as much!
One of the greatest free touristy place in NYC! I had some great time here with friends. Love it. As simple as that. What more do you want from a busy city life in NY? Just a great little treasure in NYC.
Go to the conservatory in spring. Beautiful sights right in midtown.
I only saw 1/4 of this park, but I didn't need to see more to know 1) how iconic it is and 2) that it is in fact a 5-star place. That being said, it's no Emerald Necklace! *Cough cough* Cleveland Metroparks *cough cough* But there are also a few things the Metroparks in Cleveland could learn from this tremendous landmark. There's really not much that I, a complete NYC newbie, could say about Central Park that's going to be better from what the locals mentioned already. It draws every kind of human in for recreation, relaxtion and an escape from the hustle and bustle of the city. Tourists and locals come together in harmony! So many offerings, amenities and fun stuff for all. How could you go wrong? I will definitely agree that it's way to big to experience in one day, so grab a map and pick what you really want to see. Either way, it's a must stop. Love.
One of my favorite parks I've ever been to! The only thing I have to remind me of the beauty of this place is Lacy Park in San Marino, CA, but even then, it doesn't compare! I was lucky enough to stay at 79th and Columbus which made walking to Central Park quick and easy! Central Park is more than just a patch of green and a few bodies of water, bridges and some playing areas. Walk around to discover the rest as there's a beautiful Alice in Wonderland sculpture, Conservatory Garden, and Turtle pond. This place is perfect for a nice small stroll or even for a great long jog. And when you're done, why not plop down in the middle of the field and soak up some sun while having a picnic with friends and family! It doesn't get any more beautiful than this! I love that the Metropolitan Museum of Art is right around the corner too! It's a perfect way to end the day in a beautiful city.
Central Park is not the most amazing park in the world, but what a great respite from the hustle of the city with walking trails galore. I just wish that you didn't have to wait overnight to get tickets for their events.  It really is a beautiful place.
one day i will jog here..   :D  i love central park!!
I love CENTRAL PARK!!!! NYC is so magical and awesome for so many reasons, and walking through Central Park is absolutely amazing
How can you not like Central Park? A must see for visitors and a hang out for locals, this park is part of what makes New York City the fabulous city that it is. I love going here any time of year, yes even in winter, as it is beautiful covered in snow. I would highly recommend biking through the park if you have the chance to. It's fun and a nice break from the hectic traffic filled streets. In the summertime be sure and grab lunch at the Loeb Boathouse for an unbeatable view of the park and great food too.
You really need to spend a whole day at Central Park! Unfortunately, we had only 2 hours. We crossed the park from east to west by foot, to get to the AMNH. Along our morning stroll, we passed by the Bethesda Terrace, the fountain, Bow Bridge, and The Lake. In reality, the water in The Lake is green and murky, quite disgusting at some parts. But on a clear day, you can get a gorgeous view of the buildings behind the trees, along with their reflection from the water (which appears blue from the sky). If you're sitting on a bench, minding your own business while eating a cream cheese bagel, the birds do not fear you! They will go close to your toes with crazy eyes, demanding a bite of your breakfast. And take in the fresh air here because smoking is banned.
I'm not sure if I'm qualified to review Central Park, having come to NYC only a few days prior, and having just walked through it. But I'll say, I had no idea that the park was so huge. For those that have never been, IT IS HUGE! All of Seattle could probably fit inside the park, and there'd still be space for rain. The paths are numerous, and cars, compared to the rest of NYC, were very civil. A wide array of people were enjoying the space, and it's great to know that in a city as huge as NYC, there's an emphasis on open space as it is in Central Park. You can't visit NYC without having seen how the people here spend their (very rare) slower moments.
What a great place to take a break from the jungle. Excellent spot to people watch, have a picnic, walk your dog, etc. One of the best parks in the history of "parkdom."
It would take you an entire week to walk across this park.  It is so beautiful, filled with interesting things and animals to look at and so big! We went on a rainy day and despite the flooding and dirt it was an adventure and a memorable experience.  I ruined my shoes but it was well worth it.  I would've loved to go into the Central Park Zoo but we were there too early.  ... My only warning: Beware of all of the dogs that are walking and running around without leashes!
It's Central Park. ...woah, I was going to publish just that sentence until I saw how many people already said that. Okay. Woahbronies, it's mother'effin Central Park!! Holla!
My favorite place in New York City. I always visit every time I go to New York, and it's one of the first things I do. Get a map because there are a ton of things in the park that you wouldn't even know about without one. It's a very large park.
Always my favorite place to go on a walk and take good sceneric pics! The bf and I took a stroll here on Vday where everything was covered in snow and frozen. BREATHTAKING! Check out my pics!! I love every one of them. I will definitely upload more pics when the weather gets warmer.
Ya damn skippy this gets FIVE stars! It is one of my absolutely most favorite places to go to in NYC.   I miss going here on my lunch break when I worked in the area. My visits there never gets old.  Right in the heart of Manhattan, it's one of the few places I can walk through and not feel my stress level rise, even on a gorgeous day which draws a lot of folks to the park.  You can always find a little pocket of peace and quiet to just chill out at.  It's one of the best places to go picture-taking-crazy and no two visits are the same.  I love Central Park!
The loop around the central park is great for exercise.  It can be walked, biked, rollerbladed, or runned.  It's hilly enough to give me a great cardio workout, but has just as much fun downhill stretches to relax and enjoy the speed.  The view around the park is beautiful with trees and lakes, and it's so nice to have a long stretch of a road without traffic lights and cabs in the middle of the city.  The park has been pretty safe and I haven't had any problems here.  I hope it stays safe so that people would feel free to come out even in the night time.
A park in the middle of a big city.... it has everything you could possibly want. I love Central Park. On a summers day when the sun is beating down, there's nothing better but to lie in the park and enjoy the weather. It's great to see so many others from around the city coming in for picnics and to play ball. Doing a bike ride around the park is well worth it and make sure you visit Belvedere castle too! Taking a row boat out is also a must! A wonderful place!
Why am I even bothering to review this iconic urban oasis? I guess it's because I would be remiss if I did not. Central Park is everything a park should be and then some. It is a place for lovers and for poets, children and families, criminals and wily street entrepreneurs. It is loved, feared, and revered, all at the same time. Whether you want to wander through an oddly secluded bouldered landscape, eat roasted chestnuts on a winding, leaf-strewn path, fall in love in a creaking rowboat, or eat steak overlooking the famous Reservoir, Central Park has something for you. If you don't know that already, you haven't yet experienced New York.
It's Central Park. It's one of the best parks in the world. Everyone seems to be in agreement on that. But what I love most about Central Park is its historical significance to the development of the city and bridging gaps between classes. It's a true unifier - something for everyone. And it remains that way to this day. I do wish they would get rid of the horse & carriages though. I don't believe the horses are well treated.
How can you give Central Park anything but five stars? The compliments abound for this New York City landmark. Take any thing you do, and multiply the pleasure value by ten, and that is what it is like to do it in Central Park-I didn't mean for that to sound sexual-or did I? Seriously, though, ice skating, reading, sunning, chatting, eating, boating, listening to music, running, biking, hiking, sleeping-it's all better if you do it in Central Park. Whenever someone visits me, Central Park is at or near the top of the to-do list. If you haven't yet been, please visit, and if you have, enjoy your next visit!
The famous Central Park does not disappoint. Beautiful. Rich. Nonjudgemental. I think this is what they should put on the space craft when they make contact with aliens.
Oh, how to write a love letter to a park... A haiku?  A cinquain?  An interpretive dance?  A painting?  Should I steal someone else's song, make it my own?  In that case, I present Simon and Garfunkel's Concert in Central Park in its entirety.  On vinyl.  Or should it be detailed and go on forever (an epic)?  The Ballad of Gretchen's Journey from Birth to Central Park?  Perhaps it should just be short and sweet, like a hug and a kiss on the cheek? You got it.  I will quiet my mind long enough for a Cinquain. The Park Run like Phoebe Kodachrome, The Boxer Dessert picnics on Umpire Rock Dreams of Tharp and dancing hippies Magic
One of the seven wonders of the metropolitan world. I wish Los Angeles had a park like this. Nothing comes even close. There's Griffith Park and Caurso-inspired artificial parks (barf), but they're no where as charming as Central Park. I fume with envy. Tips: Spend a day there. You can do nothing or anything!
What can I say about central park that hasn't already been said? It's a world class park. It's amazing. Most recently I ventured into central park west for the first time and really enjoyed it. Generally I'm on the upper east side around the reservoir, so it was a welcome change. I recommend sitting on the big rocks just before the baseball diamond. Beautiful trees surrounding more gorgeous scenery.
Living in the vicinity of Central Park is truly a privilege that I feel I will never tire of.  Every time I walk through there, I'm filled with pride at walking the grounds that so many great men and women have walked before me.  I wonder if tourists feel the same way.  I imagine when tourists come into the city, they don't care for nature.  But for New Yorkers, the park has got to universally be one of the most beloved places in town.  I can't wait to walk walk to the fountain and take in the changing leaves on the wide promenade.  Or the picturesque bridge in the middle of a snow storm.  In a city that I love for all it's efficiencies and machines, it's nice to have a place that completely balances it out.
I was curious if yelp legitimately listed everything the city as to offer, searched Central Park up and sure enough here it is. As someone who goes to school a few blocks from UES central park, I've been here many an occasion. You can find me where the slate rocks are. I've identified trees here for a project, had classes where the professor took us here, and will even be bird-watching on the UWS in a week. I'm told by my professor you can see over 40 species of birds, and you can see a variety of people interested in birdwatching, "not just little old ladies, with purple hair."
Central Park is a highlight at any time of year but is best in fall when the leaves turn.  I love running thought the park when it is full of colour.  It's an incredible oasis and the fathers of the city and tremendous foresight to set aside this space that could have been so easily developed. Aside from running in the park, I love seeing plays in the outdoor theatre.  I once saw Patrick Stewart do the Tempest on a beautiful summer day... for free.  Only in New York. If I have any complaint, and it's a quibble, I don't like the fencing that blocks out the paths from the park.   While I'm sure it's practical, it makes the park feel more closed in than it should.
Central Park is incredible. I mean, if you can't find something to like here, I'm not sure we could be friends. The weather was incredible while I was in town, and that allowed for plenty of walking and people watching around the park. I was perfectly content just doing that, but the park offers so much more: horse-drawn carriages, softball diamonds, rowing on the lake, running paths, playgrounds, sculptures and statues, etc. It's kind of hard to believe that an outdoor paradise like this exists right NYC, but it does. It's the one place in the city where I didn't feel like I was in the middle of a melee, which automatically made it one of my favorite places.
Central Park is huge.  There's no way you could cover the entire park in a day but there are so many things to see, at a leisurely pace of course! It's a total different atmosphere from the rest of the city, things slow down, and it's calm and quiet.  We made our way through the mall, Bethesda Fountain (a must-see!), saw the boat house, Belvedere Castle, and the Shakespeare gardens.  Belvedere Castle offers a great view of the park from a high vantage point.  There is still so much more that I wanted to see! You can totally get lost in the park - the bf and I thought we were walking directly west to the west edge of the park and we somehow ended up north..........   I've been advised that the park is not so safe at night time and there are monster mosquitoes. Thank you Frederick Law Olmstead for this wonderful park!
I would think that many people have a view of Central Park carefully crafted by the entertainment industry. Muggers, rapists, murderers and thieves lurk in the bushes. Early morning joggers find bodies in the bushes or under the many bridges within the park. Homeless people abound, begging for a dollar, or a quarter, and threatening to kill you if you don't give them something. Erase that from your mind - it doesn't even come close. Central Park is one of the best urban parks in the world. Located in the heart of Manhattan the park is so far set away from the chaos that is New York city that surrounds the city. Whether you want to live the lifestyles of the rich and famous, have a romantic day with your lover, have a family you want to enjoy the outdoors or zoo with, or simply want to go on a solo bike ride, jog or walk, or if you're on a budget and want to see New York, the REAL New York, Central Park has so much to offer. Get toward the heart of the park and suddenly the traffic noise is gone, the city noise is gone and outside of the summer months not a person is around. If you don't make time to visit Central Park while in New York city, you are missing out on a must see feature of the city.
One of my favorite places!
Best Park on the planet!!!! You'll have -mini nature trails -sporting fields -open lawns for picnics -run and bike paths -restaurants so you don't have to leave the park when you're hungry -food carts (my favorite is Waffle and Dinges) -scenic paths and architecture great for photography -the zoo -organized charity and fun runs
Yeah, this park is basically the shit and everyone knows it. Yes...I just said "The Shit." This review is over.
I loveeee Central Park!   Took my boyfriend to NYC for his bday last year (August).   We rented bikes and biked around all of central park one morning.  It was beautiful.  Great place to people watch too...hehe.  I would love to come here during the winter around Christmas and ride one of the horse drawn carriages through the park.  That is my Christmas wish!  =)
Ah what can I say about Central Park that hasn't been said already? The park is HUGE and you can spend the entire day getting lost. There's everything from lawns, baseball fields, a zoo, lakes/ponds, hiking areas. You could literally go there everyday and never get bored. I come here often to meet up with friends to play or try a food truck or just relax. There's so much to do and the park has such rich history, I feel like it will always be a NY staple you visit at least once.
I love Central Park, especially at this time of the year ( summer ). It's is an oasis of peace in the middle of chaos.
I loveeeee Central Park. they need a dog park. I've 5 dogs & I don't want them to get hit by a car. a lot of fake personalities nothing new, when you live near people who think their better then you. cons the people who have dog are cool. well some are judgmental because I'm a moor. people think I'm what the media portray is how I act. when I came here in the summer (duck pond) a guy pulled his dog & was about to leave because I came over. once he saw my dog was super friendly he calm down. I don't have nothing against white people. so I was walking with my tri color shih tzu when a tour group walked toward me & said that "what a beautiful dog is he your & are you a dog walker?" #thatsracist that wasn't the first time. a lot of people think individual of color can't afford what they can. sorry but I payed for my dog with a whole food market check. okay I jog here all the time okay I'm against animal cruelty. I don't like seeing modern day slavery with the horse carriage. I feel like they need to be Banned ! I'm tired of smelling horse shit ! I'm tired of stepping in horse shit! I'm tired of being sick & tired ugh I was jogging at night like always. I went past a cop wasn't stopped. I notice they stopped 2 of my brothers ("Mexican"). okay there was a white men jogging as well. I decided I wanted to go home. made a u turn the white man was still jogging. wasn't stopped. so when I was walking back to 103st (I was on 82st) a cop car approached me. "chinese" (light skin African) & a "Spanish" (African but what to be white badly) moving ... sorry I have to be real. he told me told me to come up to the car, I was close enough but I wasn't going to come up a habits the window like he wanted. I'm 5'3 by the way. he was like what are you doing in Central Park. I explained why I was in the park. he wrote me a ticket. I said how can you give me a ticket if that white man didn't get stopped. when he got out the car he was about 6'0. I stepped back because I know I wasn't safe. my dog jumped on him. he wanted to take me in but I had my dog. I had no id but who has id when they jog? I think they only picked on me because I've a lot of melanin & Europeans people washed theirs away. #slaverydays by the way there was 4 uncover cops that saw me in the park but didn't tell me the park was close. I never knew Central Park closed because there no signs. all cops do are degrade my people. it's okay because karma does exist. if your melanin enriched don't do to this park when it's late.
It's kind of pointless to review Central Park, and yet, I am compelled to do just that!  It's just so freaking fabulous.  It helps that it's only 3 blocks from our place, but I'd walk so much further to get to its tranquility and beauty! I love all the nooks and crannies -- you can walk through the same stretch of park so many times and miss that little bench under that beautiful tree with all the gorgeous flowers surrounding it.  Or see yet another stunning bridge from afar and have to set out to see it up close. Or perhaps you take a new route one day and walk past a new fabulous building and find out it's something else cool to do in the park. It's the wonder of it all, and what I find most amazing is that you can leave busy 5th Avenue, walk in just a few hundred feet, and it's so peaceful!  The birds are chirping, the leaves are rustling . . . I just adore the whole experience. Pack a picnic, find a shaded piece of grass, and people watch.  You will feel renewed and relaxed, I promise! Oh, and Shakespeare in the Park!!! :)
After a walk in the crowded city, this park is the perfect place to escape the busy New York streets. In the city away from the city. Central Park is big, beautiful and best city park I've ever been to. When in NY this Park is a must to visit.
So this morning, I decided to open a Yelp account and start documenting my life in NY. Then i got all nervous about writing and went for a run in the park instead. Now that I am back and full of endorphins, I decided that the central park running loop would be my first entry. When i first got to NY and tried running through the city streets (like i did back in California), I did feel rather silly jogging in place at red lights and maneuvering through crowds of people who are clearly not entertained by me swerving around. The park not only removes you from everything in the city, but it allows you to appreciate how pretty those tall buildings can be. I never really expected myself to be so enthralled by such urban beauty, but the view from the north end of the Jackie Onassis reservoir really blows my mind. Anyhow, back to running. I usually start off at Columbus circle where there are some benches that are useful for stretching. I usually make a counterclockwise loop which is just about 6 miles. There are a few specific places that are worth mentioning. If you get to about E 90th street and are feeling the burn a little too much, try entering the reservoir. The running loop is gorgeous and you can cut back to the west side and finish a solid 4ish mile run back at Columbus circle. When I'm adequately carbo-loaded, though, i continue on to the top of the park. the north end of the park may be one of my least favorite. The scenery is alright, but there's a huge hill that seems to never end. My spirit is always  a little more fragile when i finish that bit compared to the others. Luckily, though, the my energy seems to rise as i run back down the west side to Columbus circle. There are a few more small hills on the west wide (much more noticeable to me than on the east side), but if you persevere, landing up at Columbus Circle can be extremely satisfying. I generally reward myself with a jamba juice or a hot chocolate from the time warner center across the street. I am somewhat of a beginner runner, so finishing this loops feels like a major accomplishment to me every time . It also helps that there are always plenty of runners of all capabilities running alongside you. This is both encouraging and heartening for me and it brings me back to the park as much as possible.
We spent two glorious days in Central Park on our most recent visit to NYC, and both days were the highlight of our trip.  Yep, in a huge, cosmopolitan city, we prefered to relax, walk, and wander through this huge mass of green in the middle of it all.  I love that there are very distinct sections of the park.  Looking for wilderness?  Try the Ramble.  Peoplewatching?  Sheep's Meadow.  Soccer or Softball?  The upper sportsfields (don't know exactly what they are called).  Something for everyone, and the most beautiful city park I have ever seen.  Loved it!
Central Park is so majestic and expansive that it's easy to forget that the place is man-made. The tension between the domineering skyscrapers in the background and luscious, green spaces is something unique to New York and that needs to be experienced at least once. My favorite part about Central Park is that there always seems to be something exciting going. Walking through it, I've witnessed everything from dog owners verbally sparring to Wall Street charity runs, to concerts, and more. It's like a village in the city's heart.
I would be so lucky to live next to this park, but I'm not so I curse those that do. This vast amount of land is perfect to enjoy with others or even by yourself. Being so close to it in high school, I regret not taking advantage of it. Teenagers are dumb, throw rocks at them. Majority of the time that I'm there I'm running a race with New York Road Runners. When I'm not I'm there on a picnic, walking the trails, napping or just enjoying the surroundings. Now, to find a way and get rich so I can live nearby so I can explore it furthermore.
It is so cool that at the end of the busy New York streets there lays a massive place of tranquility- It's hilly with so many trees, streams, huge rocks and bridges, so pretty-When we went we had phenominal weather, 80* blue skies and the leaves were slowly turning- So many people just laying around, climbing rocks, fishing and just doing whatever-Since it was a Sat. it was pretty busy but it didn't downgrade my experience, it's typical New York to have all that action in front of you- It is really big and I didn't get to see all of it, maybe another time, but I'd love to come back-I bet when the leaves are fully turning it's just spectacular to see amongst the concrete jungle feet away-
You can't say you've seen New York City until you have been to Central Park. It is one of the most beautiful parks in the world and in order to really enjoy it you have to put on some running shoes (walk) and go exploring.
Central Park is one of my favorite places in the world. Its a safe (never go into parks at night) and beautiful place to wander around and get lost. I love going into the park on the east side and walking over to the west side to find a restaurant or bar to enjoy a Saturday or Sunday afternoon in.
How can I describe or explain Central Park to you, reader? It'd be like trying to describe one of those starry nighttime skies that bear the entire Milky Way unto your visual senses, a sea of white, red, blue and yellow dots. What I'm saying is that the reason it's so difficult, nearly impossible, actually, to explain Central Park properly is that most people would opt towards huge generalizations of this vast sea of green and brown in the middle of Manhattan. Others mark points of interest or a route. I know, however, that whenever I walk through Central Park I always take a different route: Not only is there an innumerable amount of paths and passageways, but everything around and on these paths is ever changing with the weather, seasons, time of day--in short, to witness nature. If it would take a lifetime to traverse the entire area and every nook and cranny of Central Park, then it would take many lifetimes more to give a justly specific description of it. Hence its beauty. This fountain, that lake, that bridge, this rock, that guy selling Nuts 4 Nuts or ice cream or cotton candy or $2 pint-size water bottles, that guy drawing caricatures, this or that performer, this statue, this café/restaurant, this entrance/exit, that corner entrance/exit, that tunnel, that running track, that gallery/museum, that playground, that arena, this shop, this rental, those orange Gates, that field, that baseball diamond, that mural, this pond, this goddamn tree, those horses, those carriages, those rickshaw bicyclers--it doesn't matter what you gravitate towards or what you do or plan to do (well, besides rape and murder). It's always a different experience in some way, but at the same time always the result of the same omnipresent, omnipotent rapture that is Central Park. I don't want to give you images. Don't accept my images in this review, or anyone else's in theirs. Because if you go and see it for yourself, it won't be what anyone or most people will tell you it is or is like. But you will see a lot, that's for sure.
perfect place in the city to forget where you are. I love coming to central park year round.  Winter and spring being my favorite seasons here.  My favorite area is the west site in the 60s/70s.  soo much to see in that general area... strawberry fields, bridges, it's all very gorgeous.
Nothing can beat Central Park on a nice day.
It was ok, not really what I expected.  Kinda looks a little artificial in some areas.  Can get a litte crowded, but definitely ok if you like to ppl watch.  Many ppl there riding their bikes and walking dogs.  I've been to better parks before, but having the MET around the corner and checking out the Obelisk was worth it.
As a dog owner- I wish there were more places/hours for off leash time. My well behaved pooch and I want to enjoy the park during normal hours, ya know- chase frisbees and balls - not just after 9pm- and without the threat of $100 ticket.  Otherwise - I love New York's 800+ acre backyard.
3 must visit spots at Central Park for Tourists: 1. The Mall - it's in like every NYC movie haha yelp.com/biz_photos/cent… 2. Bethesda Fountain - it's beautiful.  When I went on April 6, 2013, there was a group of singers that sang beautifully, and it just made Bethesda Terrace that much more beautiful.  On top of that, was a couple doing their wedding shoot.  That explains how beautiful it is at Bethesda Terrace and is a must see yelp.com/biz_photos/cent… 3. The Great Lawn - my favorite spot in the city.  The green grass, followed by trees, and then the city's sky scrapers.  It is a beautiful scene, and pictures can't come close to actually seeing it in person. yelp.com/biz_photos/cent…
The only reason why I gave this amazing park 4 stars is because it closes at 1 and after that you stand a pretty substantial risk of getting robbed, raped, or fined. Seriously. Other than that, this place is like home to me. I have a lot of a favorite spots and a lot of secret spots and it's a great place where you get seek and find your own.
A piece/peace of heaven in New York City.... one of my favorite places on Earth!!!!!
I don't understand why Central Park has 27 baseball diamonds and not a single soccer field. It's kind of sad.
Holy Huge park.   Beautiful. It is a must stop for your trip to the city. How some people in their high heels and business wear traverse the whole park astounds me. It is a nice change of pace though from the hustle of the city to be able to relax in the park.
What's not to love about one of Americas greatest urban parks? I still like my golden gate park better but I love to walk around Central Park. Covering its acreage is not a walk in the park and I have never been able to muster enough free time in my visits to really explore this space. Still, it's one of the best attractions in NYC.
I feel that everyone in the world is born already knowing what Central Park is, the beautiful garden of New York City. This combination of nature and concrete makes the perfect setting for romance. The landmark of a lifetime, the big square patch of grass in our backyards we would never want to get rid of for years to come. The only negative aspect of it even being here is that it's accessible to the statewide street bums, NYC needs to get a handle on these people. Don't kill them or lock them up, help them, each and everyone of them. Don't tell they that the services for them are over in capacity, tell them you will do something for this. If we could make something done, we won't have to deal with shifting our noses to avoid the awful smell polluting our beautiful park. This is truly one lovely and magnificent place, overlooked by the sunrise and sunsets that the surrounding building weren't tall enough to block off. It's a masterpiece of color and mixture, we have a zoo here, we have a large lake with paddleboats, we have large rocks to pose on for awesome pictures, we have speedy bikers we avoid on the paths, we have new friends just waiting to be made. This is the beating heart of New York City.
Probably the most famous park ever. NY Central Park is just huge! You can do anything here. The fresh air, nature, lakes, reservoir, museum, and even the petting zoo are enjoyable. Perfect way to spend a nice day out, a date, catch up, or just chill.
Great place to chill. This piece of green in the middle of busy New York is the perfect getaway. Whenever one needs a breath of fresh air, go to the park. There is a very happy atmosphere. Joggers, strollers, runners, bikers, and more all come to take a lap around the area. People can be seen sprawled on the grass, reading or playing with their kids. If you sit in one of those bike taxis, the bikers are usually very informative and will regal you with the history and stories of this wonderful park.
This is the one place in NYC where I can go whenever I'm having a bad day because its a really good place to think, relax, and enjoy the scenery. I've been to Central Park too many times to count and still haven't seen all it has to offer. My favorite spot is off of 79th and 5th Ave, not too far from the Alice and Wonderland statue. I like the variety of free events they have going on in the park throughot the year as well. No matter what age, everyone can have a great time there and find something they love about Central Park.
