This venue is beautiful!  They host a variety of events including films, performances, comedy sketches, and FREE live music. BAM Cafe is located on the second floor of the Peter Jay Sharp Building and is opened Friday and Saturday nights (6pm-11pm).  Last night (Friday 9pm), White Prism performed some of their catchy, breathy synth-pop songs.  The audience were all nodding to the beat, some even stood up to shake their shoulders!  I can't believe this was a free performance! At 8pm, around the time we arrived, the tables were about half occupied.  By 9pm, they were all filled.  So my recommendation?  Come early, take a seat, have a drink, and enjoy the ambiance :)
I would not go out of the way to go to Bam Cafe and I would only recommend it to those who are at the Brooklyn Academy of Music for a musical adventure. If this wine bar/restaurant was a separate entity outside of the theater, I'm not sure if it will receive as much as hype as it does. The space is beautiful. The uber high ceilings and masquerade-like decor with the animal plush dolls hanging from the ceilings creates a very unique and magical ambiance for its patrons. I was not at the cafe for any special occasion, just for an hour or so before a show I got free tickets to through my company. It's on the second level of the theater and can seat many many people. I can see it being a perfect venue for parties and many different types of events. We started off with wine. The wine is cheap, relatively speaking. A glass of wine was within a small range of $6 to $12. Each table is given a mason jar of home-made pita bread and hummus. The hummus is great, and pairs very well with the "seemingly" bottomless pita bread. (I think I asked for refills, three times.) We continued with the chicken teriyaki skewers, which was very salty. I would not recommend it at all. The teriyaki marinade was barely noticeable.   Then we continued to another small plate of their spiced curry lentil dip, which was my favorite for the evening. It says "spiced curry" but it's not spicy at all. It has a very thick consistency because the lentil beans aren't reduced down to a smoothie, and it has enough zing to have with the pita bread. We then finished off our pre-show wine with the cheese plate. The cheese plate did not have any jams or honeys, just a few pieces of fruits. Again, I would not drive out just to eat at BAM Cafe, but it's definitely a looker if you are in the area.
The quality level of musical talent that performs here for free is so high that tonight's show that was the worst I've seen there was just good instead of great. Whoever books the talent there is to be commended. They have made changes recently to where menu items seem more expensive and smaller portions than they were in past years (or maybe I'm remembering wrong?) and they put the kibosh on putting tables together, which my group of friends used to do all the time. But because you could in theory go and pay nothing at all, it's still a good deal. The ambiance of the space is nice, and the vibe you get from the performers, the audience, and the bar staff is always friendly. I recommend getting there no later than 8 if you want to get a seat. How quickly the space gets filled up with people varies depending on how well known the act is, but know that sooner or later the whole place does fill up, especially at 9 o'clock when the show is about to begin.
great venue and diverse crowd., they keep it real here.  Right nearby Barclays center looks like the set of TNT nba on thursday.  Went for free concert on Friday, and nice bar, with lots of brooklyn local beers. Also had sick dj spinning some classics before and after concert. Would def come back here.
Went for the live music and really loved the group that performed.  The DJ that kept us entertained before the performance was awesome.  He played "old school house, club/lounge mixed with "old school rap/r&b.  My boyfriend and I had red wine, spicy curried lentil dip, marinated olives, and the cheese plate.  The lentil dip was really seasoned well (cumin coriander, & curry).  The olives were plentiful for $5.  The cheese plate was lacking (I shouldn't be eating cheese - so that is exactly "what I get").  Had a brief interaction with the "manager"-dude who was behind the bar and then announced the band.  He was super rude and "important".  Very funny since it is "BAM".  Won't run back anytime soon, however will go back for the music at some point!
Free music! Been here 3 times! The best performances! Get there early if you want yo sit but as soon as the music starts you cannot see much unless you're standing. Love the decor!
I came here to see a comedy show and it was by far not only one of the dopest venues I have ever seen comedy performed in - it was TOTALLY FREE! I'd definitely go back to more shows, and work my butt off to actually get a chance to perform there.
Beautiful venue that slightly reminds me of Moulin Rouge. The space is separated with a small stage, chairs and table section, and then a bar in the back. There's also a small alcove to the side but I believe you have to book that private area. I like how the space includes some rotating artwork and the space is just big enough so you can bring a few friends with you but still intimate enough so that you can enjoy the performance on stage. I wish it wasn't just on the weekends and that they closed relatively early...I believe we were kicked out around 10:30/11pm, but otherwise, a great venue with a diverse program.
Oh BAM Cafe with your weird seating policies and your great free lineups! I like this place, but it's so sad you have to get here so early to see someone for free. I wouldn't mind spending money to see a good performance and no one minds standing, but sometimes it's a little disheartening to travel there and find out you won't be getting in. When and if you do get in, you have to stand in weird spots. It's usually a good time, and I wish they would just do a fun afterparty, since there's always a great dj there, but alas, they don't. Fun if you're in the neighborhood and can get upstairs to catch the show before they turn off the escalator!
One of the few places in this city, where cheapies can go and listen to live music for free :) No, seriously - there's no cover to get in and to be entertained by young local musicians on some friday and saturday nights. Bravo! But if you want to grab a drink or two after the show and your belly is more important for you than live music, BAM Cafe's bar has really poor beer and wine selection and there are much, MUCH BETTER places around...
Can't believe I've never written about BAMCafe!   This has been a great spot for a long time now, especially the free events they have on many a Friday and/or Saturday night, but even for the pay ones as well.  Beautiful during the day ornight, it gets packed for the free night concerts so get there early if you want a seat facing the stage.  Even if you're not though, the tunes carry through to the back couches where you can chill with a friend or three or with that special someone. This is also a great first date spot.  The drinks aren't cheap, but, they are strong - which I like!   Come check it out, but don't steal my seat!
If you are fortunate enough to find the enterance, and then again to find the cafe you're in for a treat. I don't mean the food, I mean with the people. I've witnessed break-ups, arguments over where a complete stranger should and should-not sit as well as numerous behind-beatings from mother to child. Why pay the fare for a film when I can get my entertainment for free?
I went here last night (Saturday) for a free poetry and music show. This was my first time here and I loved it! The cafe is so pretty.  And it was FREE!!! The show was very good. Great singers and nice, entertaining poetry. It was cool because they mixed the singer/band/dancers and poetry together. Yes the show had all those elements and they were good! I gave it four stars because its kind of impossible to get a table. You would probably have to get there like 2 hours in advance if you want a table. We were lucky enough to get 2 good spots at the bar. But I really wish they would do reservations for shows because standing would totally suck. womp. I also ordered food. The pizza. It was okay. My fiance ordered a drink, bourbon and ginger, for $8.00. She liked it considering she ordered 2. Anywho, I really liked the crowd and the free entertainment! I def recommend checking out BAM Cafe happy hour and music. It's really NICE! and I will be back for many more shows!!
One of the most stunningly beautiful spots where to have a drink in NYC. Very spacious, with barrel-like ceilings as high as a cathedral, with beautiful lighting[1], I never fail to stop at BAM Cafe before a performance at BAM, and I never fail to be impressed by this place. I also come here occasionally to listen to live music and DJ shows. Last time I came here the bartenders managed to reconcile me with the art of making a good cocktail[2]: my BAMhattan was nice and dry the way I like it, and my gf had a jalapeno margarita that was one of the best spicy cocktails this side of the East River[3]. The only minus point was that that night there was no music on, which was a bit odd... This would also be a fantastic space for a private event. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------- [1] h3hc.com/index.php?p=h3&… [2] see my review of The Vanderbilt... yelp.com/biz/the-vanderb… [3] Kampuchea makes a phenomenal spicy cocktail with Cambodian katiev called Bon Om Tuk.
The space in the cafe at BAM is awe-inspiring.  It's huge and has a great deal of aesthetic appeal starting with the space, to the lights, to the stage.  It's a great place to catch free shows on Friday and Saturday nights.  I caught a show from the Sounds Like Brooklyn Music festival and it was a great mix of jazz, blues, and classical music.  I would definitely say it's worth visiting for both tourists and New Yorkers.  How can you go wrong with a free show?  It's also not far from the 2 or 3 train. If you're going to catch a show at the BAM Cafe, I recommend showing up early.  Seating is limited.  It wasn't packed on a Friday night, but there were a great deal of people who had to stand along side the walls and around the bar because all the seats were taken.  They have bar food here and serve good cocktails, but it is a little pricey.
BAM Cafe is an experience that never disappoints.  The concept is simple, on select Friday and Saturday nights, BAM cafe opens it's doors for free concerts by top-caliber performances.  You can arrive early, sip drinks, chat, and if you want, eat upscale bar snacks while waiting for the performance to begin.  Of you can arrive a bit closer to the performance, stand along the walls, and watch the performance.  Either way it's a good time. The Cafe space is absolutely gorgeous.  A tall-dimly lit loft-style space, with dark walls (brick I believe), several gigantic windows to one side, and small dim bulb lights flanking the walls.  The stage is all the way at the front of the room, level with the dining tables, with the bar, which is a large square shape with chairs on all sides, is all the way towards the back.   The only design flaw with the setup is that the bathrooms are located at either side of the stage. Each and every time I've attended a performance, there are issues with people walking in front of the band en route to the bathroom in the middle of a song. You'll have to arrive at least an hour early for a seat.  And I've found that the back is generally noisy, due to the bar, so the closer you can get to the front, the better.   The drinks are reasonable enough for NYC, but the food seems to be overpriced for what you get.  I highly recommend having drinks at BAM before hitting up a restaurant on Fulton Street or DeKalb after the show.
ARRIVE EARLY!!! This place is always packed and it's always a great time. Low light, small seating tables, standing room. There is always an eclectic/artsy/musical performance going on. A great first date place. However things tend to come to a close early...11pm or so...so this is definitely a great way to start a date and finish it with dinner/dancing at a late night hot spot. Love it and plan to go again and again! my amaretto sour tasted like someone scooped peanut butter into it...eek... 0_0 ...a very odd flavor...so not sure but just a heads up on that!
I came here last Saturday night to watch Heather Park and Mahasin.  I don't think I've ever been to a "cafe" with an escalator.  Talk about fancy. Both artists were fabulously amazing. The crowd however, was not.  I'm not really into being subdued.  It's kind of awkward when you're the only one using vocalizations (instead of the more subdued applause) to show your love for artists at the end of a song/set.  Just a little awkward. I was also slightly agitated about the lack of seating.  Being the midget that I am, of course "mister tall man" would always hover right in front of me.  Just my luck.  Plus my entire bottom half of my body was so tired from all the walking around the city I did previous to the show.  It was brutal having to stand especially while so many other people were enjoying their tables, chairs and cocktails. So I suggest coming extra early if you're expecting to be comfortable.  This way you can snag a table, chair and cocktail and enjoy the lovely FREE music every weekend night.  That is, if you're a subdued kind of person.
Please tell me the last time you enjoyed totally FREE (but actually good) musical entertainment on a weekend night within a completely gorgeous, spacious indoor setting. That's what I thought. BAM.
I was just here for a free show (came to see Takka Takka) and it was really nice save for all the people who were clearly not interested in the music and talked the whole time and got progressively louder with each overpriced cocktail they  threw back. Bitter much? BUT. With that sad. I love the space upstairs. It's so large and airy and the floating body casts are really awesome. And even though it was so large the acoustics were still really good, there wasn't too much echo or anything. I look forward to going to more events here!
More people need to know about this place. They have great shows on the weekend and its in a very nice venue. The cafe is classy, modern, and spacious. The food and drinks are pretty good too! I have seen stand up comedians here, live music, and I'm sure they have even more than that. To my knowledge its free, and if I lived in Brooklyn I would be here all the time!
Wow! BAM Cafe is beautiful. I can't believe my first visit to this place came more than eight years after moving to NYC! They have free music performances on Friday & Saturday nights. Yes, I said FREE. You just need to make sure to show up about an hour before show time so that you can get a table. There is a really nice bar in the cafe, so you can sit and have cocktails while you wait for the show to start. They offer a few bar munchies like fries, pizza, chicken satay, etc. We ordered the rosemary pommes frites and while they were very good fries, they totally skimped on the rosemary. And the giant bowl of fries only came with one small side of ketchup. Some mayo would have been good with them too. Wines range from $6 to $12 and they have special cocktails like a jalapeno margarita and a drink called The Coltrane, which was YUM! Cocktails are around $10. A little pricey, but you're seeing a show for free so it's kind of hard to complain. The space is cavernous, with really high ceilings and lots of twinkly lights. It's really gorgeous and worth going at least once just to see the space. BAM Cafe, I will see you again soon!
I adore the BAM Cafe.  I ended up there one night with a male friend, when the movie we were planning to see at the BAM Rose Cinema was sold out.  We started our night here, before making our way to Bembe for some dancing. The bartender was so friendly; he made us drink after drink.  My companion, very much a man's-man was not the slightest bit shy about sucking down several Malibu Sunrises (bartender's suggestion.) He said they were delicious--the best mixed drink he's had, if I recall correctly!  I was amused.  We relaxed here for several hours.  It is a very beautiful, minimal, wide open space.  I'll be back, as I live close by; never got to try their food, but I shall, soon. They have some wonderfully chill musicians perform here on Friday and Saturday evenings; reason number 4580439539 to come back.  I'm open if someone wants to take me on a date :)
What a beautiful space! The food also happens to be pretty damn good too. I've had everythign on the menu. Drinks are a bit limited and there's nothing particularly special about them. The bar tenders are fast and responsive. I recommend catching a seat at the bar during a comedy show. You get quick service and a guaranteed view of the show! The seats up front are always taken an hour or two before the starts, which is very annoying. I've been there more than a dozen times and they're always taken.
I love this venue. So spacious, beautiful, nice tall ceilings with beautiful lights. But what I am still salivating over is their kick-ass jalapeno margarita. Its a little spicy and all margarita ;-) MR had a BAMhattan and that was made very well too! When we went, it was almost 7:30 and there wasn't anyone playing, and the cafe just seems a bit weird without music. Bring on the music! I will go back just to have a few more jalapeno margaritas!! The best ever!!
Perfect date spot, or place to take visiting family or a group for a chill experience. Get here early Bam Cafee Live-- it's free and Brooklyn.  I've seen many great shows here. Prime people watching. Very interesting crowd. Try a Bamhattan, delicious! My boyfriend and I frequent this spot.  It's always a perfect place to have a drink or two while enjoying live music on a Friday or Saturday evening.
Wow had never been to the Cafe.  Visited as part of the Si Cuba festival to hear the O'Farrill family band play live latin jazz....for free! Loved the space, the vibe, the sound...the DJ was pretty awesome.
I love Friday Nights @ BAM Cafe! In the last four weeks my best friend and I have yet to be disappointed about any live performance we have seen thus far.   Its a nice chill spot for students (free friday and saturday nights) to unwind from a long week of books and professors.  Who knows you might see your professor there too! It is such a relaxed casual setting you would not even mind. They serve Cakeman Raven Cake for those of you who are fans because I am!   In total...I am a fan of Bam Cafe!
Went last night before Threepenny Opera (which was quite disappointing). The cafe is fantastic. Beautifully designed, with steel and arches of amber colored lights, the cafe is stunning in the evening. I do miss the little book shop they had to the left of cafe, now a mini-art gallery, but I'll live.   The bartenders were all very nice and casual, and the drinks were done well and promptly. The food was much tastier than I had expected (warm pretzel bites, and a very cool "potato" ring dish were both well-seasoned). I really loved the cheese selection for the cheese/bread platter - with these crispy mini-bits of raisin/nut bread. One little "concern" more than a critique was the bar itself. From our side, by the host/hostess station the bar side was wobbly and may want to be looked at. A great place to meet up before a BAM movie or show - you can't go wrong here.
I went for a Valentine's day date to see Mo Beasley perform spoken word. We arrive at around 7:30 for the happy hour. Great deals on the food and the drinks, though the quality of the food is nothing to write home about. It started to get more crowded towards 8:30 or so. If you want to get seating for the "free performance" nights, I would recommend getting there around 8, though if you want to make use of the happy hour specials as well, a bit earlier would be great.
Upstairs, airy and calming..   beautiful arched windows..  relaxed boho atmosphere...  and what?   yes..   there is a very groovy bookstore with nearly any kind of book you would need for your hipster collection.. poetry, architecture, taschen books on design...  novels..  non fix... enjoy..  take your time..
BAM Cafe is awesome. The venue is huge and beautiful, and the free live music nights are fantastic.
food is okay, but the place itself is a gem. Free live music during the weekend nights!!
Great venue to listen to live *often FREE* music.  It's in a great old building that resembles a church but it has crazy cool fiber optic light displays instead of stained glass windows......so it's basically a temple of good music.   Not too crowded at all, nice staff, not too far from the subway. I haven't seen a film here yet, but they have lots of revivals and art films with unique speakers that I need to check out.  Oh BAM, why can't I live next door to you??
Great place for a chill Friday or Saturday night with live music from fantastic musicians. Did I mention, it's free? Get there early and grab a table, stay late and it turns into a dance party. It's an awesome, beautiful space. There's a bar with food that I have yet to try, but it looks pretty yum. Drinks were nothing spectacular but decently priced. The crowd is pretty diverse, good spot for people watching.
This a beautiful venue for some drinks and live music. I went there on a friday night with some friends and had a good time. There's no cover, the crowd is cultured and the music is diverse. The cocktails weren't even that pricey. Definitely will be going back again.
This review is based solely on the food / dining experience at the cafe. went there for dinner before a show and sat at a table for table service. hostess was a bit rude. food was ok, definitely not worth $18 for dry chicken and tasteless burger with freezer fries. my biggest issue was with service. my friend asked what cheeses were on the cheese plate and the waitress' response was "i think there's a sharp one." when she came back to deliver the cheese plate, we asked her again, thinking she's find out since at least one of her customers asked and her response was "i'm not sure." in short, DO NOT go here to eat. BAM is amazing for arts and performances but if you want to eat, go to the bazillion delicious and cheap places down the block from BAM before your performance. drinks are ok though.
Came here on May 16th for BROOKLYN UNCORKED.  What an awesome event.  The venue was perfect.  A bunch of wineries from Long Island came together to showcase their wines.  But we experienced more than just the vino...  They had oysters from Long Island (Widow's Hole) and cheeses from Whole Foods.  Oysters were outstanding!  They even had an ice cream/sorbet bar that served wine flavors.  Some yummy finds include:  Corey Creek's Rose, Osprey's Dominion 2002 Reserve Merlot, and the Roanoke 2006 Chardonnay.
I love this place. I have been several times for music events. The setting is intimate enough for you to be able to talk to the performers before or after the show. There are cafe styled small tables (4 people) and some cushioned benches by windows. It's a good place to go for a solo night, you are bound to meet some new people or for a date. The events are always free, which is a big plus.
At the top of an escalator from the ornate lobby of the Brooklyn Academy of Music, which also houses the BAM Rose Cinemas, you'll find this gorgeous, spacious restaurant -- the perfect place to dine before the show or have a drink afterwards.   The food I've tried there has been really excellent and quite fancy.  I seem to remember an outstanding fish dinner and incredible dessert.  There's also live music on Friday and Saturday nights and a Gospel Brunch on Sundays.  I've performed here, and it's one of the most beautiful spaces to play or catch a live act in the city.  Admission is always free, with a $10 minimum at tables.
GAWD I loved this spot. I'm feeling sad looking at reviews for it, because my soul actually longs to go back. I had been working really hard for two days at the BAM Theater, which is on a different floor. After my show was finally over, I got to hang out at the BAM Cafe which had been seducing me all night, with its jazzy sounds escaping through the doors. I think I might have been treated so nicely because I was working there, but I'd like to think the bartenders are that awesome to all the patrons. I got a couple strong free drinks, and heard the end of the jazzy/fusiony set. The part I loved so much was the atmosphere. The crowd was completely diverse, and everyone had their own sense of style. All kinds of great styles. People were having such a good time, laughing, talking and digging the music. The room is beautiful. You could hold events in this room. I felt like it captured the feeling of hip Brooklyn. It's hard for me to put in to words, but the BAM Cafe seriously made me want to move to NY more than I ever have.
whenever i'm planning out my weekend, i always forget that BAM is a viable option ... a kick-ass convenient one since it's only a 15 min walk away from my apartment. i went here on a date - first one! - with this guy last year. he lived in the BK too, and since i'm used to hanging out downtown on the weekends, he was trying to introduce me to cool things going on in the 'hood which i gotta give him props for because it's pretty thoughtful. we were a bit early and i remember having trouble finding the escalator that went upstairs to the cafe. i THINK it only started working when it was close to showtime, but don't quote me because the memory's kinda fuzzy. i definitely don't know the name of the singer, but her music was soulful, R&Bish and catered to the laid-back, yet packed audience. methinks that she's a local performer who had a strong following in the BK. i totally understood why. since admission was free, the only thing we paid for were stiff drinks - hence, this a great recession-friendly way to spend a night with good company. because funemployment has made me into THE recessionista, i'll be back. soon.
Always a good time at the BAM Cafe. Great atmosphere, great music at times and the staff is very friendly. Food isn't bad either; pulled pork sliders are on the money. Come here on a Friday night and you may just see me posted by the bar.
Best thing to do on a Friday night in a long time ! So much fun, great atmosphere, great people, great music - great everything ! Can't wait to come back next Friday night !
There's no need for heavy pockets if you're looking to enjoy a decadent meal (perhaps followed by or following a movie at their cinemas) at the BAM Cafe. I was awestruck upon my first arrival here. The atmosphere was calming and the staff was very pleasant and inviting- not at all snobbish. Everything you'll need from appetizers to desserts can be ordered from the $21 prixe fix menu. I had a wonderful salad, followed by tender short ribs with mashed potatoes and a DENSE (I'm talking two bites-will-leave-you-more-than-satisfied dense) chocolate fudge cake. My experience was nothing short of wonderful. I know you'll fall in love with this place just like I did; but beware! If you get hooked one particular selection their menu has to offer, don't be surprised if one fine day it fails to appear on the menu- typographical error? no. It's just a seasonal menu change.
It's hard to dislike the BAM - they do everything well, including happy hour! $5 cocktails, $3 beers, $5 appetizers on Friday and Saturday evenings w/ free live music afterwards. My boyfriend and I were here for the start of the Si Cuba festival on a Friday night.  The food was good, the drinks were great, and the venue was fantastic!   Get there early, as it can get pretty crowded.  As we were leaving (around 11pm), there was a line out the door to get into the Cafe.  It gets packed out with the eclectic crowd that makes Brooklyn famous. The kind of crowd that gets on their feet and gets to dancing because music is hot and the bartenders have been making stiff drinks all night.  The kind of crowd that supports local businesses, local artists, and the local community while having a great time. The crowd, the vibe, the venue, the free show, and (of course) the happy hour make the BAM cafe a great place to spend Friday and Saturday nights.
I'm so glad that I finally made it here. Bam café was beautiful. the ambience was just right. Low lighting, good drinks, great live music. It was free and we got there early enough to be able to sit down. I will definitely be back for more shows. It was walking distance from the Barclays center as well which I did not know. Do not have the blackberry martini. It was the worst drink ever! They do serve appetizers(which smelled so yummy)but we didn't order any.
Came here for BAM Happy hour/cafe live, what a pleasant surprise. It's not that I'm all about the $$$, but $5 for two little sliders and herb-ed shoe string fries is pretty much as good as it gets. The drinks were okay, but the space is downright beautiful and it's nice to have the option of movie (don't count on this after a couple of drinks..) or live music. although I wasn't a huge fan of who was playing that night, it was still a nice experience and a great place to hang out and feel a little cultured here and there. Also, did I mention the music part is free? A nice place to go instead of a just another kind of bar, seriously.
Have been to this really beautiful space a couple of times. Sort of industrial armory meets art gallery. The only reason to come here is for the scene and free live music on friday and saturday nights. The quality of the music is touch and go and the vodka and sodas are borderline gross. But it's a cool place to go for a couple of drinks, especially if you're seeing some thing at BAM.
Where else can you see new artists play live music without a cover in a swank space? Its a rhetorical question but seriously BAMcafe is a great spot to hand out, have a drink and listen to some great music. If you are really into who is playing show up early so you can get a seat and chillax in comfort.
First visit to the cafe and was kicking myself for not having come sooner. The free lineups and interesting decor will definitely bring me back. The seating is a bit strange but I was able to find a comfortable nook with a plush coach and great views of the stage so can't complain. The people were a cool mix and the house DJ was fantastic. The drink selection was very small but the bartenders were friendly and pretty responsive. I would defiitely recomened!
Like coming here. It's a sophisticatedly and creatively decorated; dining and theater viewing  makes sense all together. Perfect venue to hang out and meet friends.
I love stopping in BAM Cafe on a Friday or Saturday night. It's a cool place to start or end your evening. I love the variety of live acts and the fact that regardless of genre, they're all very good! This is a great place to people watch and chill out. Plus while there you can check out the galleries. And best of all, it's all free! BAM is such a breath of fresh air in BK!
We came for the Si Cuba! latin jazz show. It was beyond amazing. The energy is great and the staff is very helpful and accommodating. My boyfriend and I came with a few bags from shopping and they told us they'd hold it for us while we went to dance salsa!
I've been to BAM quite a few times, but this visit was actually the first time I spent time in the cafe. We arrived quite early for our show, after running around shopping with family all day, so sitting down for a drink seemed to be the thing to do. Firstly, this place is just beautiful. The soaring ceiling and sparkling lights bring to mind a modernist cathedral to art and culture. We were early enough that we had our pick of tables... they have free performances there on the weekends, which means that later it really fills up. No live music while we were there, but they managed a holiday-themed playlist which was actually enjoyable and inoffensive - a hard thing to accomplish! My dad and I just opted for glasses of wine, which were good. My mom decided to get the seared scallop appetizer, which was both tiny and pricy, but was absolutely delicious. I'll have to check out the schedule of upcoming performances to see if there's anything I'd like to see.
Once again the BAM almost hit the mark. I ate here once before the Merce Cunningham "dance" (which I can't really review because I couldn't get away from it fast enough and left during intermission.) But for the cafe'... I had gone out with the intentions of having a nice meal and show at a respected arts organization in new york city. Unfortunately, BAM could not deliver. When I arrived they had lost my reservations, but managed to pull a table together after about 20 minutes. They have an extremely limited and unimaginative menu and the waiter informed me they were out of 2 of the 5 entrees and 3 of the appetizers, I ordered the half roast chicken and they brought me two steamed chicken breasts, when I asked the waiter about it he told me that it was a better cut of meat and I should be grateful. later the manager came over and asked how everything was and I told him not great he attempted to improve the situation by brining us the cheese plate which consisted of a few pieces of over ripe fruit and stale cheeses. The dinner was expensive and of poor quality. The only redeeming quality of the experience was the actual space the cafe' is in, the building is very pretty, but you can enjoy that for free by walking past it on your way to anywhere else for dinner. I am not normally this harsh about a place but BAM is supposed to be a cultural hub for Brooklyn but it seems to me that their director perhaps has not yet seen good theatre or eaten good food, but has constructed an organization based on the description of such things.
Gorgeous place with free live music every friday and saturday nights. Get there an hour before the band starts because you are going to want a seat and it tends to fill up pretty fast. There is a bar where you can get your drink on. I didn't know they had appetizers... next time I have to check that out. Definitely add this place to your list - check out who is performing from their website, and sometimes they even have a clip of their music. Love it!
I loved this place.  I actually came out to see the Nutcracker performed by the American Ballet Theater - which was truly awesome and I highly recommend it.  So for BAMCafe - we had dinner here and it was lovely....the food was actually rather delicious and the ambiance was rather nice - it's not like a 5 star restaurant b/c the tables and chairs are metal and plastic - but the service was great and the food is pretty close to what you'd get at a 4 start restaurant.  It's super convenient if you're catching a meal before a show at the Opera house.  Also after the ballet I noticed lots of people in BAM Cafe enjoying live music!  Definitely a place I'd go back to on a regular night just to chill and listen to live music.
BAMcafe is located upstairs from the main level of the BAM complex. The cafe is where one can sit and eat dinner on certain nights (between 5 and 7 ONLY) or choose from the skimpy bar menu. I don't recommend this. There are plenty of decent restaurants in the 'hood. What the cafe is good for is grabbing a table with a bunch of friends, having a drink and enjoying music. The space is HUGE and there are plenty of bartenders. No crowding and shoving to get through or get served. World music is the order of the day, with lots of internationally famous musicians coming through here. The comfort and convenience of the whole complex, with its cinema, theatre, dance and music spaces, makes it ideal for a weekend visit.
Great date spot. Unfortunately we came too late and had to stand. Should have listened to my fellow yelpers. The performances were great for the night we went. NOT a fan of the jalapeno margarita
went here from 6-8 PM on friday after work downtown with a date. we both loved it 3$ beers and 5$ wells big nice area to sit down and listen to a free show on friday - i plan on incorporating this in my friday routine!
Check this S@#t out !  Free music on the weekend with a full bar in downtown Bk!  Getting a drink is as easy as getting an HJ in the meatpacking district thanks to the fully staffed bar.  Even if the music is awful, Erin and her Bass, you'll still have a good time soaking in the glowing ambiance.  The food is tasty and their Jalapeno infused Margaritas will make you scream "Odale Guey!  Vamos a la luna!"  It's tough to find a seat because it's free but that won't hold you back from some decent people watching.
BAM is right, went to this place a few weekends back, it was a great time out, had a lot of fun and will probably go again!
must list
An absolutely beautiful space with a great-looking bar and plenty of tables.  Only complaint is once the music starts it's so loud you are really forced to only listen or attempt to shout over the music to continue the conversation with your friends.  Before the live music started, my friends and I were having a great time drinking some tasty drinks and chatting, but were forced to leave once the music kicked in and we felt uncomfortable shouting over it (as most everyone else was silently listening - it was good, just not what we wanted that night - and we didn't want to be obnoxious with our conversation).  Still though, a sight to see and recommended for at least one visit.
gorgeous place. great music. fun crowd.
bam cafe is awesome. i go for the free live music on friday and saturday nights. its a great way to hear different types of music from up and coming performers.  the crowd there is generally chill and diverse. the space is gorgeous with high ceilings and huge windows. its one of my favorite spots in brooklyn. the only drawback is that a glass of wine is slightly overpriced.
