I went in October and had a blast.  Jon Stewart is the voice of America!  Make sure you bring a book though cuz you'll be waiting in line for a while.  Also, don't feel the need to be in the front of the line because you want to be higher up to see over the cameras.
Got there around 12:30 and was about 15th in line.  The guest was JK Rowlings.  At 2:30, they distributed tickets.  At 4:30 we returned and got in line according to our ticket number.  Then we went through security and were directed into the studio.  A warm-up comic came out and was pretty funny; asking the audience questions and then explaining about the taping of the show.  Then Jon Stewart came out and fielded some questions.  He really seems like a genuine person.  The show started and was hilarious as usual.  Then JK Rowlings came out and she was actually funnier than I would have expected.  Overall, it was a great experience.
As a loyal watcher of The Daily Show, nothing was better than seeing Jon Stewart live. I was lucky enough to grab tickets online, and got to the studio super early, as entry is not guaranteed even with a ticket. The people in line behind me had driven through the night from Virgina in order to see the show, and were in New York just for the day to see it. I would definitely recommend seeing the show if you have the chance. Even though the guest the day I went was not someone I had heard of It was really fun to see. Get there early, and follow the instructions from the email exactly and you should not have any trouble getting in.
I was able to grab tickets on Friday for Monday's show. The line for physical ticket pick-up (aiming at 2:30pm) was mostly under cover. The line for going in, only the VIPs and first tranche of guests (low numbered tickets) were under cover - the second half of the crowd was around the other side of Subway. No awning there. So take an umbrella if it's a rainy day and you aren't getting there hours ahead to secure an early position in line. Others complained about the lead-in comic hawking his own show; we didn't experience that at all. Also, I was able to nip back to my Chelsea office between ticket pickup and the show and fit in an additional meeting, by dint of splashing out on taxi rides. With the show being free, this is possible. We were done by 6:30pm, in plenty of time for dinner, laundry, work catch-up etc. An excellent outing! Final note: if you are an artist and you attempt to sketch the scene, your sketchbook will be removed from you and you will be asked to hand over the relevant page. That wasn't made clear in advance.
The only place where I quite happily wait on line for 2+ hours to see a 30/45 minute show. Jon Stewart = L-O-V-E.  Regardless of the guests, its a great show to see.  Such a great part of the NYC experience.  You can procure tickets online pretty easily and due to their multiple confirmation process, tickets are often available at the last minute.  So if you can get out of work a little early - its more than worth your while.
I went to the 8/2/2012 taping. This was my first experience as an audience member of the Daily Show, but I did go to the 1/12/2010 taping of the Colbert Report, so in my mind I couldn't help but compare the two experiences. As many others have mentioned, you'll be waiting for a long time. Something to keep in mind is this:  they overbook their shows in order to ensure a full house. So just because you have a reservation, this doesn't mean you're automatically getting in. If you want to make sure you get a seat, get there early. My friends and I got there at 1PM (they start handing out tickets at 2:30), and there were already twenty-something people ahead of us. Still, that's pretty early. I kind of started wishing that we'd gotten there a little later because the heat was AWFUL! We were sweating like crazy, and I had to run into a nearby corner store to buy a bottle of water (which was WARM, ugh!). This is funny because it's the exact opposite experience of what me and my friend went through while waiting for the Colbert Report, where it was so cold that my fingers froze when I tried to send a two-word text message. After they hand out the tickets, you have two hours to run around the nearby areas and return. My friends and I took that opportunity to go to a restaurant and get tipsy. Unlike what some other reviewers have said, they actually DO let you in according to the number on your ticket. They told everyone to arrange ourselves in numerical order, so getting there early DOES pay off. When they let you in, you'll be waiting for a while. We waited like 15-20 minutes in the holding room, and then once we were sitting in the studio, it took the warm-up comedian like 40 minutes to come out. Speaking of which, I didn't like the comedian. He seemed sexist and racist and douchey and arrogant. Not uncommon for a dorky white man who probably can't get laid. My friend thought he was hilarious though, so your mileage may vary. When Jon finally came out, he did a short Q&A (about 10 minutes long) which was awesome. I wish people had asked more interesting/genuine questions though, but I didn't have the guts ask him a question myself so I guess I can't complain. The show itself was really short. I distinctly remember the taping of the Colbert Report being longer. I think the main factor is that Jon didn't mess up even once. Seriously, the dude got through the two skits and interview he did in just one take for each. I remember that Stephen got the giggles a few times which resulted in him having to do things over again. Jessica Biel was the guest. It was a bland interview, but I was glad that she was someone I at least recognized. My biggest complaint was that the show felt short and that they make the audience wait far too long for Jon to come out. Still, it's a free show so I can't complain too much! As for comparing this to the Colbert Report, there were a few differences that struck out to me. Since I went to the Colbert Report two years ago, things may have changed, but I thought that they were much stricter there than the people at the Daily Show. At the Colbert Report, they actually require that you show a photo ID matching the name on your reservation. They also check your age (if you happen to look young) to see that you're over 18. At the Daily Show, they don't do either of those things. Also, at the Daily Show, they're pretty lenient about the "four people per group maximum" thing. In the email they send, they say that groups bigger than four will be turned away, even if you have separate reservations. We were a group of eight (with two reservations holding 4 tickets each), and one of my idiotic friends let it slip to the producer who was going to seat us that we were "two groups of four" and that we should be seated together. The producer told him that groups like that are supposed to be kicked out, but she was nice and let us stay (although our two groups had to be seated on opposite sides of the audience because she couldn't let all eight of us sit together). Overall, I would recommend going at least once just to say that you've gone. It's not something I'm DYING to do again because the waiting ruins it, especially since the taping itself is so, so short. I think it took Jon literally 20 minutes to tape the entire thing. After almost five hours of waiting? Not sure if it's worth a second trip. Maybe it's not fair that I'm giving the show three stars since they technically didn't do anything wrong, but my rating reflects more how good a time I had rather than how well Jon and the show's staff performed.
One of the only people who can make me laugh till my face hurts is Jon Stewart. This is an awesome show with the best host ever and it was actually one of the easiest shows to get tickets for. It might be very hard or impossible to get on short notice but if you can be patient and go online to request tickets for a specific date it's very easy. Show up the day you have tickets at least one hour early (2 would be better if you want to sit closer). The taping is super short but they do have a rotating stand up comic warm you up and it's awesome to see the show taped live.
Jon Stewart is short.
One of the best things you can do in NY...and it's free!!! What more can you ask for??? I have gone to the Daily Show and both times were more than worth it.  This event is not really a spur of the moment thing - you have to get tickets months in advance by going to the Comedy Central website...and from there, let the fun begin! I would recommend getting tickets for spring or fall.  Do summer or winter if you don't mind waiting for awhile in hot or cold weather.  Get there as early as you can - they say 4 or 430 - I would recommend 3.  The line forms and one thing: they have this concept of VIP tickets.  Those aren't given through the website and depending on how many of those tickets are out there, the number of seats for general seating can be many or few.  So getting early will better assure your chances. Yes, you have to wait awhile, go through security, wait some more but again, people...it's a chance to see the Daily Show and it's free!!  A comedian first comes out to warm up the crowd and both times he was funny.  Jon Stewart then comes out, chats up the crowd and then the show taping starts...the staff is nice and the experience is fun.  So as long as you're not packing heat, wearing super high heels or are doing this during a hurricane - enjoy and have fun!  Hopefully you will luck out even more and get a fun guest as well...
Yes, we had to reserve our tickets 6 months in advance.  Yes, we had to stand in line in the freezing cold for over an hour until they let us in.  Yes, I had to pee during this entire time.  Yes, I was absolutely starving by the time they let us out at 7 pm.  (No food allowed in the studio.) But would I do it all again?  YES! My friend who scored the tickets for us is legally blind, and was able to get us seats front and center.  (Hey, blindness totally sucks, but might as well use it when you can!) We had to listen to some pretty bad music the whole time we were waiting in our seats, but as soon as Jon came out it was all worth it.  He answered some audience questions.  Some samples, "If you could take a job in Barack's cabinet, what would it be?"  JS: "President of Funk.  Actually, I would stay away...I actually WANT them to succeed."  "What's your favorite part of your workday?"  JS: "Just sitting around bullshitting in the morning, taking the tons of material we all come in with and whittling it down and down.  But it's still a job, and some days, like anyone else, I'm still like, fuck this!"  Someone else asked him what's on those papers he always shuffles around, and he told them it's the script.  So in the opening when he said "Good evening and welcome to the Daily Show," he pointed it out on the page, saying "Seeee, it's all right here."  So if you want to get a (sort of) on-air shout-out, ask a good question before the show. The thing that really amazed me was how perfect it was.  There are no second takes, no messups, no re-dos.  It's all spot-on, first try.  All of the "correspondents" were in the studio together, standing just about 10 feet apart from one another, in front of different green screens.  It was great to see all of them in action, and then to look up at the monitor and see how it looks to the home viewer.  And as usual, the show was completely hilarious.   At the end of the show Jon and Stephen Colbert (whose show I'm still trying to get tickets to!) had some off-air banter before taping their actual segment about what's coming up on the Colbert Report.  It was like icing on the cake. Stephen, I'm coming for you next!
I had a blast. De Blasio was the guest. Jon Steward was awesome. All the experience is very fun and the guy who warms the public up is absolutely hilarious.
I will preface this review by saying that I much prefer the Daily Show to the Colbert Report on TV.  I think Colbert can be an asshole and that sometimes his character gets out of hand and obnoxious and surpasses funny and verges on unpleasant.  That being said, a taping of the Colbert Report is infinitely more fun than a taping of the Daily Show.  Here is my comparative breakdown (C=Colbert; J=Jon): Audience Size: C is about 1/3 of J, which makes for a more intimate experience. Entertainment factor: C is incredibly kind when he's out of character and it is very funny to watch him morph into Colbert Report Stephen.  He is more interactive with the audience.  Watching J live is essentially like watching him on TV.  He does not feed off the audience in the same way. Interns: C's interns pump you up and make you want to jump around and scream and laugh really loudly.  J's make you want to drag your feet and roll your eyes.   Lining up: I arrived for C at 4:45 for a 5:30 admission.  There was no question about being able to get in.  It was a piece of cake.  I arrived for J at 3:15 for a 4:30 admission.  I was one of the last groups to get admitted. However, J's team gave us tickets in line-order and let us leave the line to warm up.  C's let us freeze. Warm-up Comedian: C's was hilarious.  J's was awful.  I hope I never have to see him again. Security: C's security guy gave us VIP tix and we got to sit up front (not sure why, maybe we batted our eyelashes enough?) Pre-show Q&A: C answered all questions kindly and out of character.  J was kind of an asshole to the audience and wasn't very funny at answering questions.  To his credit, the questions were really dumb. On TV, I give Colbert a 3 and Jon a 5.  Live taping experience, though, I give Colbert a 5 and Jon a 3.
The bathrooms were immaculate.
Really fun. Make a reservation on the website and show up on time, or just go early and get a ticket. You can check to see who the guests are that day and gage how early you should get in line. The environment is a lot more relaxed then The Late Night Show, and the studio is really comfortable. They have a warm up comic that is really funny and the audience is full of people ready to have a good time. Last time I went I got a beer with some Australian tourists afterward and they used me as their paid tour guide for the rest of the week. Yesss!!!! Crazy people. Jon Stewart gets down and dirty with some of his political guests and it can be fun to watch them squirm. DO IT!
So I love The Daily Show, but the way they run their live audience sucks. My friend and I reserved tickets online, then got to the studio at 2:30 to get our tickets and they gave us them and told us that we are not guaranteed seats, which we knew, and that we should come back at 4:45. So we spend 2 hours at Subway next-door and finally at 4:45 we went back to the studio to get in line. We waited in the freezing cold for about an hour, were briefed to go into the studio, but DIDN'T GET IN. Now, I worked at Saturday Night Live so I know how television tapings work, but this was the most inefficient, shady way of doing this. To be perfectly honest, I wouldn't be complaining if they had been more upfront about our chances of getting in at the beginning so we could make an educated decision whether or not we wanted to stand in the cold for a chance to get in. In the end, they said if we email them, we could get VIP tickets (guaranteed seats) for another show. Overall, really annoying experience.
I kind of wish I could give it more than 5 stars but that is more because I love The Daily Show so much. I got there beyond early to get my ticket so I had a really awesome seat and that is what I suggest get there super early otherwise you might not get a seat at all. Jon Stewart was hilarious and he actually took questions before the show and just seemed like an all around awesome guy, My friend that did not really watch The Daily Show is now constantly watching episodes because of "how awesome Stewart is" It is just a great experience everyone seemed super nice and friendly and hey if you get there early then no complaints because it's FREE =D
5 stars cause it's free -- and it's good! seriously, you can't complain about something this cool, entertaining and fun that's also free! here's how it went down for me: -- got there at 2.30p and picked up my ticket (#104)...was told to come back at 4.45p. -- came back at 4.30p and people were already waiting in roped off sections for their ticket #s (20 people per section)...at 4.45p a DS employee came out to tell us the rules (no photos, no weapons, etc.)...one lady tried to take a photo before the show started and they confiscated her camera...not sure if she got it back at the end or not. -- stood outside for maybe 30 minutes more (several bathrooms inside if you need them)...other groups were being let in one at a time to go through a metal detector...we were the last group to be screened. -- they search all bags and even hold them for you if you want. -- even though i was part of the last group to be let in the studio, i think i had one of the best seats -- 2nd row just slightly to the right...never blocked by a camera. -- we sat in the studio for maybe 30 minutes while music played...then the warm-up guy, paul, came out...he explained to us how loud we should be and how the mic's pick up the audience noise...he was entertaining. -- jon stewart came out before the show to answer a few audience questions...then the show started! -- the show was filmed on the first try, so it went even quicker than when you watch on tv because there were no commercial breaks...they pretty much rolled from one segment into the next...it was cool to see the green screens, stage setup, cameras, etc. -- bonus for going on a wednesday: that's the day they tape the intro to the "international edition"...so we got a tiny bit more after the end of the show. -- that was it, and we were all out a little before 7p!
Had a great time, even if we did have to wait in line "like forever" in the snow (to their credit, they did let us in early and quickly). The bathroom stairway was narrow and the procedure was very sexist (4 women's options, 1.5 for men; never have I waited so long, or longer than women at the same point in the line initially). The staff was accommodating and upbeat despite the weather. Felt terrible for those who got turned away, but at least they get VIP service next time around. Not sure why people can't follow directions with regards to Jon's initial appearance for the Q&A (which was awesome)--handing out Lei's and reprimanding the staff ain't coo'. The warmup guy, Paul Mercurio, was hilarious (even if..or because..he wasn't too PC). The show itself was great and well-run, and they held true to their time estimates. Would definitely request again.
It was very organized and easy to go to this show. We went today and had a great time! Here are the basics: 1. You should get there (in line) by 3pm...they'll give you the actual tickets, then they'll tell you to come back for the show at 4:45, so you can walk around or hang out until then. When you get back, the line is all broken up by ticket number ranges (we were numbers 174 & 175, so we got in line where the sign said 165-180) so you really don't have to be back before 4:45. 2. The number of your ticket has nothing to do with where you are seated; they'll just tell you where to sit when you get inside, so don't worry if your number is high. Also, there's really not a bad seat in the house! 3. You can use the bathroom downstairs before the show, but once you are in the theatre if you leave you can't go back in. 5. John Stewart takes questions before the show so if you want to think of something to ask and raise you're hand, he might pick you! 6. The show ended around 7pm.
My husband and I went to see the Daily Show on November 1st. We were able to get a reservation a couple of months before the show and arranged our trip to New York around the ticket date. We arrived at the studio WAY early to make sure we would get in and were first in line at about 1pm (they handed out tickets at 2:30). Everyone in line got a ticket so we could have shown up right at 2:30, but we had better seats because we were there early. Jon's guest was Condoleezza Rice and it was a great show. I think the next night Brad Paisley was the guest which would not have been as interesting for us.... We didn't have any issues hearing the conversation, but, like I mentioned, we had pretty good seats. I also read a lot of complaints about standing in line, but I thought things moved fairly quickly once we had the tickets. I would highly recommend going to a taping if you have an opportunity. I would love to go again!
I really enjoyed seeing The Daily Show :-) . I joined the queue at 1:10pm and ended up with ticket number 24. Waiting to get into The Daily Show was far less painful than the process of waiting for The Colbert Report. Tickets were issued at 2:30pm and then you didn't have to return until 4:30pm. You have plenty of time to go and have a meal before you need to return (I had a great meal at the Pure Thai Cookhouse at 766 9th Avenue) and there is also a park with plenty of park benches on the corner of 52nd street right near the studio, if you are looking for somewhere to sit down after tickets have been issued. Jon Stewart was great and very funny and I enjoyed the Q & A. I would suggest trying to think of a good question for Jon though, because some of the questions and comments were moronic. Jon was asked "how often do you have your teeth cleaned and do you enjoy it?". If you're going to ask Jon a question, at least give it some thought. Try to think of a question/comment that isn't all about you as well. During the breaks in between filming, Jon didn't really engage with the audience much (in comparison to Colbert, who was pulling faces, etc.), but I think Colbert seems to get more of a kick from interacting with the audience. Jon also shot everything in one take, so the show was filmed pretty quickly. Jon interviewed Bill O'Reilly (4th October 2012 episode) and the interview was really funny. I would highly recommend getting yourself a ticket :) .
It was such a thrill to see The Daily Show live. We lucked out and got same day tickets, and we arrived waited outside for 2-3 hours or so and then went in the studio. The staff is super helpful and nice. Seeing Jon Stewart live was a thrill :) The studio set  is so much smaller than it appears on tv, but seeing things in person is always cool. This is an Essential experience if  if you are a fan of The Daily Show.
looks like it 5 stars or 1 depending on if you got in.  i got in so 5 stars.  we were in line by 2:30 and waited a good 2.5 hours before getting into the studio.  i thought the staff was really good about telling us the procedures for teh taping.  bathroom window 5-5:15.  no moving in seats  coorperation or you are out.  no huge bags, knives, pepper spray.  no worries you check it with your id.   tonight it was jon on his best and guest aaron eckhart.  it was wednesday so that means toss over to stephen colbert.  reporting from samatha bee too!  jon also takes the opening fro the global edition of the daily show.  if you have choice, go with a wednesday taping.  it's good stuff for the extra specials.
Seeing Jon Stewart in action is awesome, although the wait before the show is like the longest foreplay you'll ever experience.   Do's: Do get there early - The confirmation you get from them recommend that you show up between 3:30PM and 4PM.  Well, guess what, that's not early enough!!  They always overbook, to make sure all seats are filled.  So if you want to sure to get in, show up at 3 at the latest!! Do bring your own entertainment - You'll be in the line forever, and it's quite boring standing outside Do come up with a couple of funny questions to ask Jon - He will take questions from the audience for a few minutes before the show. Don'ts: Don't bring luggage or large backpacks - You'll be asked to leave them outside the studio Don't drink too much water - Once inside the studio, you can't leave your seat until the show is done
I'll start off by saying I love Jon Stewart and I try not to miss an episode of The Daily Show. His satire of Glenn Beck and his show was hilarious! I reserved tickets online and unfortunately the first time I tried to go I didn't get there early enough and just barely missed the cut for the audience, but fortunately they came around and said that we could get VIP tickets to a future show, all I had to do was e-mail to request them. I came back to the show a few weeks later and got in just fine. To start off, there is a guy who comes out to "warm-up" the audience. Then, John Stewart comes out  to answer questions. The show was great and I was surprised how efficient it was done (all in one take). Also, a good place to go eat after is 123 Burger, Shot, Beer.
I love love love Jon Stewart.  I'm pretty sure I would do anything he asked me to, not pretty sure actually, absolutely certain.  I arrived with my printed ticket confirmation in hand at the suggested 3:30pm arrival time only to be greeted by a large line of people who had clearly arrived no later than 1pm.  So, I would recommend getting there early unless you like living on the edge and receiving an index card ticket (instead of a real one) and not knowing if you'll get in or not.  The show was definitely worth the wait though - it's a small studio so everyone has a good view and the show is just so funny.  Maybe Oprah has taught me to expect free things, but it would have been nice to get the book being talked about for free.
1:50 p.m. - get in line.  We're about the 50th in line.  But numbers are a little deceiving, because there can be one person in line in front of us, and that one person can be getting tickets for a group of (up to) four 2:45 p.m. - start giving out tickets.  Ticket distribution moves pretty quickly.  Turns out that even though i counted about 50 people in front of me, my girlfriend and I are numbers 68 and 69. 4:30 p.m. - get back in line.  Could have waited until 4:45, but whatever, we were excited.  There are little cordoned off sections now, so you're grouped by your number.  This way, they let in one group (1-20) (20-40) at a time 4:35 p.m. - People with VIP passes, or people who had been turned away previously, get in.  These folks get the seats closest to Jon.  But it's not a big studio, so no big deal really 4:50 p.m.ish - They start letting the people ahead of us, and then us, into the studio.  They're pretty tight with the bag check.  Realize that even folks who got there right at 2:30 or so will get in to see the day's show.  A few standby's too.  So there's really very little need (unless the day's guest is HUGE) to get there all that early 5:15 p.m. - in the studio.  Yeah, as mentioned, it is small.  But cool 5:45 p.m. - Colin Hanks (Tom Hanks's son) enters the audience.  Gets a little cheer from the crowd, and seated off to the side away from the masses. 6 p.m. - Warmup comedian comes out.  Dude is pretty good, but I've seen Paul Mercurio (the regular warmup for Stewart), and I like Mercurio better.  Whatever, it's funny 6:15 p.m - Stewart comes out!  Dude is great; he takes probably 20 different questions, and it's like you're seeing him do stand-up right then and there.  And wow this audience is crazy -- as someone accurately characterized it the next day, some of the people there were like Trekkies in how rabid of fans they were of the show. 6:35 p.m. - the show!  I liked the Q+A more, but the show was still a lot of fun to watch and see live. 7:10 p.m. - LEAVE.  Fun times.
awesome. if you are in nyc, please do this.
Look, I don't really follow politics, and I've just recently begun to follow the news.  That said, The Daily Show taping with Jon Stewart was amazing!  And even better, it was FREE (unless you live by the phrase "time is money," which I'll get to). My wife and I got to see the taping with Bill Clinton, so that in itself was pretty cool!  It was also very interesting. Here's how it goes down.  You reserve tickets on The Daily Show's website (we got ours the day of in the morning, they release many throughout the day of the taping).  The email you get tells you to be there around 3:30-4pm.  That is just WRONG!  We read the Yelp reviews that said to get there earlier.  Had we not, we would've missed the cut-off.  We arrived to the line around 2:50pm and got tickets 202 and 203 of, I think, 218 guaranteed.  About 20 others with non-guaranteed tickets got in too.  Either way, close call.  The line starts moving around 4:30-4:45pm.  We got in just after 5pm.  Security wasn't as crazy as people here made it sound, even with Clinton as a guest.  You get seated and a few minutes later, a comedian comes out and rips people in the audience.  The guy was hysterical and held nothing back!  Then Jon comes out (yes, he is as short as you've heard here) and answers a few questions from audience members.  His responses were very funny.  Then the show begins and it's really awesome to see him not miss a beat and how the whole thing works.  We got lucky, because Clinton and Jon spoke for like 45 minutes beyond the TV episode, so we really got our "money's" worth.  Plus, we got a guest appearance from Steven Colbert! And just so you know, you don't need to print the email confirmation if you have it on your phone.  To be quite honest, as long as your name is on their list, you don't even need the confirmation at all (I didn't see one person need it). Overall, the waiting is not that bad (although it is long) because these days you have smartphones, iPods, iPads, Kindles, etc. and you're doing the same thing on line that you'd be doing at work or at home.  The taping is more like a "show" than a 25 minute taping, and it's extremely fun, exciting, and entertaining. I wouldn't make it a daily event, but it's a must do at least once.  Definitely worth every minute!
I went actually quite awhile ago -18 months or so- and the guest was the president of Mexico so although Jon is the bomb - can you say yawn?   We requested tix online and live in NYC so dates were no big deal.  About a week later to my surprise, I get an email with tickets for the next week.  I went with a friend who has no patience so I offered to get in line early and had him meet up with me already online at 3:30.  I probably got there before 2pm (and it was a warm day!) and must have been only behind 8 or 9 others.  We got really great seats - 2nd row center on the aisle but there really didn't seem like a bad seat in the house.  You do feel like cattle as you wait to go in and the young staff is great but I found that at all the shows I have seen in NY.  It's obvious they know the secret to a great house audience is make the audience feel important and appreciated.   Here is what I hated which can't be helped.  John sits on a small platform about 15-20 feet from the audience with a large camera 2 feet in front of his face.  The only way you can see him is on the monitors - the large camera blocks the view. During the taping, I saw John Oliver & Samantha B in front of the green screen better then I saw Jon :(  I also had seen Letterman that year with Hillary Clinton as guest which was so great.  They don't have the same camera issue there that Daily Show has.  Love Jon better then Dave so wish I didn't feel so disconnected.   Am I glad I went?  Yes! Would I go again?  Nope! Don't go with a complainer like I did.  It is a stressful experience before the show opens so you don't want that.   The tickets are free though so in my opinion - no one has the right to expect anything.  I'm glad I got to experience seeing Jon in the flesh but the show was just ok.  I guess that is why they don't charge.
The Daily show was much fun. But just a warning, go in warmer weather. We went on Feb. 15th and we waited outside in 15 degree weather for about an hour 1/2 with no outside heaters, so just prepare, so you don't get frost bite. Once inside it was a blast. Get ready to laugh!!!
For anyone who follows the show, I'm sure you'll agree that Jon Strwart absolutely rocks.  Noboby - Nobody - sticks it to Fox like Jon does. So, I won't belabor the obvious, but will comment on the ticket process. We got tickets on line for Colbert and Stewart on consecutive nights.  Since we don't live near NYC, it was a planned trip, so took no chances on actually getting in. As a result, arrived at the studio at 1:00 PM.  There were about 10 people in line.  The line continued to grow at a slow pace.  At about 2:30 PM the doors opened and they started handing out yellow numbered tickets.  If anyone in your party is not there at the time, they will hold tickets until 4:00 PM, which they did in my case since my wife doesn't do lines very well. On this particular day, they handed out about 100 tickets at 2:30, so  plan accordingly since they do hold a number of VIP tickets. After getting the yellow tickets, we were told to return at 4:45 PM at which time you line up on blocks of 20 based on the number on your ticket  (e.g. 1-20, 21-40, etc) kind of like the Southwest Airlines boarding process.   If you're looking for something to do between 2:30 and 4:45...... On the corner of 51st and 11 th Avenue is the American Retro Bar. We went in........nice, friendly people, reasonable drink prices, happy hour ($1 off beer wine and well drinks).  Mainly burgers, appetizers, etc.  Didn't eat but the wings looked good coming out.  There were probably 15 or so Daily Show fans there.  Nice relaxing place to spend the time after  standing in line.  For a more pedestrian choice, there is a Subway right next to the studio. At 4:45 the wait was about 15 minutes, then went thru security, a standard metal detector and bag search.  We may have waited an additional 30 minutes in a small room, then entered the studio.  Entry is as follows,, VIP first by number, then yellow tickets by group(1-20, 21 -40....)  I know seating is random, but all the seats are pretty good.  They seemed to seat the VIPs in a separate section house left.  I didn't think they were much better than where we sat which was 3rd row center, but almost any seat can get blocked by a camera, which we did a one point.  Keep in mind that this is a "working session" and not a stand up venue.   Overall a good show, and a better ticket/entry process than Colbert.  I'd give the entry 3 1/2 stars and Jon Stewart 6 stars.  Rock on !
My girlfriend and I went in late February and had a lot of fun. The thing that Rachel C. mentioned about getting the tickets and then coming back is only true on very cold days. Plan on waiting in line unless it's extremely cold. I showed up at like 3:10 and got tickets 165 and 166 I think. I'd say people got there as late as 4:00 and still got in. It does suck waiting around so long. They started letting people in at like 4:45 but we didn't get inside until after 5:30. Don't bring a backpack or big bag if you can avoid it, they search it and make you check it. After the show there was a long line to get checked bags back. The warm-up comedian was pretty funny. He didn't do any material really though, he just talked to the crowd. Jon's Q&A was funny and interesting. He talked about having Rumsfeld on the night before. He also gave a really long recommendation on what delis are good in New York. The show was good. They actually filmed some stuff that wasn't aired because the interview went long. We were leaving by about 7:00. The waiting sucked, but overall it was really fun.
Got tickets "reserved" on line.  You still have to get there and wait for a actual number in the line.  We got ~45 when we started lining up just before 2pm.  So get there early.  Then you get go grab a drink.  We went to a bar called "Druids" a block away.  You can get back in line around 4-4:30 for the final leg of the wait.  Its a fun time, and get your questions ready to ask Jon!
great show, and a really fun time when you get in, but getting the tickets is a pain in my opinion.  i understand it's free, but i have to take a half day of work just to go to a 30 minute show that's one mile from my office, which is tough
5 Star Experience. Still 5 hours standing in line and waiting. Suggestion. Try the 15th Century invention called: "Tickets", with reservations paid in advance. Just like a play, tickets, avoid the long wait and make the taping "accessible" to more people..
After reading the horror stories about people who got in line at 3:30 and didn't get in, I decided arriving at 2:30 would be safe. Turned out it was very safe on this particular January day, we were the 12th people in line. We proceed to wait in line for 3 hours in 20 degree weather before we were let in at 5:30. Around 6pm a crowd warmer came out and instructed everyone to clap and yell better for a few minutes and did some schtick before bringing Jon out to answer audience questions for 5 minutes The show was hilarious. Because George Lucas was the guest, Jon's kids were in the audience so we got to see Jon playing with his kids on the set as we were filed back out into the cold. Adorable! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is I wish they had a system where a reservation guaranteed you entry so waiting 3 hours in the cold wouldn't be necessary. I would definitely recommend going to a taping of the Daily Show....though it would be more enjoyable during the warmer months.
Is it a good thing or a bad thing that this is my news source?
I've seen a bunch of shows live, and this is my favorite. But don't be an idiot about it. If you actually read the e-mail they send you, like a lot of people do, due to the fact that they have brains, you will understand that the show is overbooked so that they can fill every seat, so arrive early. If you don't like the show enough to bother arriving early to see a taping, then don't get a ticket, because you're not going to get in. This is how it has been for years and years and years. It's not going to change just because you're in from out of town. If you really liked the show that much, you'd, you know, get there early. It's not like an excessively long time, and it's free. I mean guys, they're literally giving you free tickets to a show that has won multiple Emmys, and if you can't be bothered to read the relatively short and plain-English e-mail they send you about how to actually get in, then you're an idiot. It's not like they're asking you to sacrifice virgins to get in, they're asking you to show up early, and that only because other people who actually do read the e-mail and like the show enough to show up really early have already done. So deal with it and don't cry about it. If that doesn't jive with you, it doesn't make them jerks, it makes you one. It's no use freaking out about it. Just don't go. Waiting in line with a bunch of people with a common interest can be a really fun experience if you're willing to not act like you own the universe. My recommendation to you, if you're a local, or even if you're not and you're just around the area and you'd like to see a show, is get there long before they hand out the tickets and find someone who has booked multiple tickets. This is a thing that happens--since tickets are free, and you can get up to 4, a lot of people book 4 tickets even though they have no immediate plans to take 4 people, because there's no penalty for reserving 4 and only showing up with 2, or at least there didn't used to be. So ask around and find someone who booked 4 and isn't using them all, and you're in. Another tip I have for you is to go it alone. People feel like they won't enjoy themselves, but the fact is that if you try a little you can socialize with the other people in line and the time blows by, and also generally if you're solo you can get a pretty rad seat, especially if you are sweet to the staff. Also, sometimes the staff can be a bit mean, but be nice to them and they'll be nice to you. They're brisk because they deal with a lot of douchebags and a lot of entitled people, and also people spend all day trying to be funny at them, which is nice for you but tiresome for them. They're just doing their job, and understand what a relatively small number of people have to do to fill and organize an audience for a taping every day and make absolutely sure someone's cell phone doesn't go off in the middle. I have had this job before. It is rough. You have to be really fierce with people for them to get the idea sometimes, because they think you're taking it too seriously but it costs a lot of money to redo something because someone's phone went off. That said, this is a very fun show. I'd recommend certain correspondents and things to see live, but unfortunately it's really the luck of the draw. My favorite thing is when Stewart and Colbert do the toss, which is always hysterical and they gab for a lot more time than you generally see on television. Also, I love seeing John Hodgman on the show.
as many others have stated here, this is a great experience... assuming you get in.  i arrived in line around 3:15, and we got tickets #194-195.  they let less than 250 people in the door.  understand that having a ticket does not guarantee you a seat.  that said, assuming it's not ridiculously cold or hot, it's a friendly crowd to stand in line with.  it was raining on our day but there is an awning.  TDS staff let people use the bathrooms inside and even let everyone into the studio a little earlier than normal due to the rain. Paul Mecurio is the warm-up comedian and one of TDS writers.  he told us about laughing loud/often and had some funny jokes, taking time to meet some of the audience members.  JS came out after that and took some Q&A from the crowd.  given the investment of time for standing in line, i don't know that i will go again, but we had a blast and i would absolutely recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the show.
Tried to get in, tried to plead our case, tried to look pathetic....nothing worked. But we'll  be back!
How to attend a taping: ---Go to this website: thedailyshow.com/tickets…  and pick an available date. ---Groups are a max of four, so if you've got more than that break into groups of four and do one reservation for each group.  Under 18, not admitted. ---GET THERE EARLY.  I recommend 3:00.   Like just about every show taped before a live audience, they overbook to ensure a full house.  It says this right on your tickets: "Distribution is in excess of studio capacity.  Admission is not guaranteed." --They will let you in the building at 4:30.  You will sit through some music, and then a warm up comic.  You will have never heard of the warm up comic.  Laugh.  Remember the name of their MySpace page and become their friend.  This will be outstanding for your karma. --Jon Stewart himself will come out and chat with everyone and take questions.  The show will start and you'll breeze through without a commercial break.  As funny as the show is on TV, its that much funnier without the bleeps.  All too soon, (like 7:15 or so) it will be over. The super sweet bit:  Both times I went to a taping, after the "show" was over I got to watch sketches by the writers that were "in development".  All of them were funny, but only one of the four that I saw ever aired.  it was great. An excellent time.  I highly recommend it. P.S.: Now lets say you don't want to plan things out.  Let's say you want to go to a taping TODAY.  (Assuming that there is a taping today).  Well, if you're feeling very lucky, you can get to the studio and ask for a standby ticket and wait several hours to see if you get in.  Your best chances for this is if there's a day when the weather is horrible, or there's a transit strike, or something happens that might leave a ton of people with something better to do (a ticker-tape parade for example).  BUT EVEN THEN your chances are slim-to-none.  Both times I went, people with tickets were turned away.
had a great great time!
So much fun!!!! And way better than the Colbert Report. The show is just as funny except once you pick up your ticket you're allowed to leave and come back so there isn't 3 hours of standing around. The wait for the Colbert Report makes going to the show not worth the wait. Plus the interns and staff at the Daily Show aren't NEARLY as annoying as they are at the Colbert Report.
great show but crappy staff. huge egos. staff that organizes lines and seating are likely fresh out of college underpaid or unpaid interns. but yet they act like secret service protecting obama. you're a nobody with clipboard and a headset connected to a radio shack walkie talkie. despite all this stewart is awesome and funny!!
Despite the long waits and overly-complicated ticketing processes, this whole experience was one big moment (no, day!) of zen. I was lucky enough to score provisional tickets online for my boyfriend and me. I took the day off of work, so I was able to arrive at the Hell's Kitchen studio pretty early - around 1:15. For the next hour and 15 minutes, I suffered in the surprisingly sweltering September sun (how's that for alliteration?). There's an awning that almost everyone can wait under, but I got unlucky and got a spot directly in the sun. Anyway, around 2:30, the line began to move and I got my ticket (#58). I gave the staff my boyfriend's name so that he could come pick up his ticket later, which he absolutely had to do by 4 PM. Spoiler alert: He got there at 3:56 PM. It was nerve-wracking. Folks are instructed to come back at 4:30, so I had about two hours to kill. There's not too much in the immediate area, unless you want a meal or a drink-- then there's plenty. Once we got inside the studio, we were seated and had some time to take photos (while we remained seated). A funny warm-up comedian came out, and he did his job well. Shortly thereafter the amazing Jon Stewart was introduced to the crowd for a little Q and A. Jon graciously and hilariously responded to every question, which ranged from the predictable (something about Steven Colbert, something about MSNBC) to the extremely random (Q: "How do you feel about broccoli as a pizza topping?" A: [aghast] "I've only just begun to accept it as an omelette filling"). He wished someone a happy 21st birthday and was flabbergasted that someone was doing something so responsible on his 21st birthday. Once Jon ended the Q&A session, he walked over to his seat, and before I knew it, filming began! We were sitting near the guy who (I think) controlled the speed of the teleprompter, so it was cool to watch that. It was also fun to see Jon prepping for the cut back to him during each of the media clips. The interview wasn't all that interesting or funny, but the opening stuff was great. Bonus: Jessica Williams did a segment that night. Love her. Extra bonus: Her segment provoked the ire of One Direction fans everywhere (remember the 'One Direction is a member of a terrorist organization' joke?). The only truly annoying part of my experience was that as we were being seated, I asked the girl seating us when I would be able to run to the restroom. She informed me that now that I had entered the studio, it would be impossible for me to leave, and that they had made an announcement about this when we were in line. I'm sure they had, but we hadn't heard it. And sorry, but we were in the studio for a total of an hour and a half and absolutely nothing happened for the first half hour, so not allowing anyone to go to the bathroom for that long is just crazy. Luckily I asked another seater and he told me that I could go-- just not after taping had started-- which made much more sense.
Loved it! There is a slightly daunting process to obtain tickets, but for megafans, the experience is definitely worth it.  The show is done exactly as it is shown on TV. For the taping we attended, the correspondent bit was pre-recorded, but Jason Jones stopped in for a quick wave after the bit was over!  Others that have written reviews have also covered the timeframes and steps for obtaining tickets and pick-up, but I'll give my take anyway: Step 1: Get a ticket reservation online. Setup @DailyTix on Twitter to send you notifications to your phone if you need a specific date. Step 2: Once you have your ticket reservation, stop and realize this is ONLY a reservation. You are not guaranteed your tickets until you complete Step 3. Step 3: Arrive at 733 11th Ave between Noon and 1:15 p.m. if you want to get the first 50 tickets. 1:15 p.m.-1:45 p.m. will likely get you between 50 and 100, and so on. We arrived at 1 p.m. and received numbers 37 and 38. They begin giving out tickets at 2:30 p.m. Step 4: Come back no later than 4:30 p.m. to start going through security.  You will line up outside based on the number you received. Step 5: Go through security and wait some more. We went in around 5:00/15 p.m. Then sit and enjoy!
This is one of my favorite memories. Although sadly, the guest of the show was kinda boring. It was a fun taping experience. Of course they encourage you to applause and get excited at certain times, but the crew generally tries to engage the audience. Jon Stewart even made it a point to take some audience questions between takes. I'd recommend it to anyone visiting NYC and hope to attend a taping when I visit NYC again in the future!
Free tickets and a mini standup show beforehand what else can be better!? Make sure to get in line well in advance. John Stewart killed it nonetheless! Kristin Schaal was on when I attended and some other politician. Overall, great experience!
Hey-larious!!! Loved the experience.   Some tips....get there early for tickets. I made my reservation in advance and got there around 2:00 to pick up the little slip of paper that said I was the 150th person in line. When I came back to be seated at 4:45  there were maybe 10-15 who made it in after me.  In other words...if you don't get a number lower than 150 your odds may not be that good.   The show was worth it.  Jon Stewart is a comic genius.  Even if you do not agree with his views, he is still funny as hell!
Must do if in NYC.  Not great if you are very patient, as there is a lot of waiting around, but superfans won't be annoyed by that.
Got in line at 1:00 to wait for the 2:30 ticket hand-out... then hand to come back at 4:30 to be let in at 5:00 for a 6:00/6:30 taping.... It was a LONG day. What kind of sucks is that seat one section at a time from front to back, so you might have gotten there early, but will be seated near the back of one section, whereas someone who got there just a bit later than you would be seated in the front of the next section. Kind of made it feel like luck of the draw, but oh well, at least I made the cut and was able to snag a seat! Definitely worth it though! Jon Stewart is hilarious... There was a Q & A session before the taping began, and Jon Stewart was quick and witty, and it really surprised me how funny he was without having rehearsed answers. The Q&A session actually lasted for a good amount of time too! Oh and I love how some people say this place is "kind of ghetto." Just because it's not in a touristy area and jam-packed full of people gawking around at buildings and their maps doesn't mean it's ghetto! It's about a 10-12 minute walk from the closest subway stop.
Everything is pretty much the same as the last time I went to a taping, with important new notes and updates: 1. Sunday nights and Monday mornings are the best times to look at the reservation website. The refresh button will become your friend. Since guests are only announced on a weekly basis, you'll have to rely on luck to score tickets for a taping with a "good" guest in the weeks ahead. (Read my previous review for information on when to start lining up after you have made an online reservation.) 2. Once you're in the studio (you'll be let in around 5:15pm) and after you've had a bathroom break, you'll have 10 minutes to (drumroll) pull out your phones and cameras to take a picture of the studio!! While you'll only be able to take pictures during these 10 minutes when the crew is setting up the studio, it's much better than their no-phone rule from before. Take those shameless selfies (if you're into that sort of thing) and feel free to tweet, Instagram, Facebook, Skype, blog, text, email, change your phone's home screen, talk to Grandma away!! --Read on only if you're bored.-- The "this was probably only particular to the night I went, but the excitement hasn't died down and I hope you can have this sort of experience too" notes: 1. While people are led in by the number on their tickets, their main priority is to seat large groups together; that means that seats aren't always filled from the front. While our ticket numbers weren't very low, J and I were able to sit in the second row! 2. Jon Stewart was still as funny, sharp, and gracious as ever during his Q&A session before the taping. He also answered J's question which was a plus. 3. I've looked at the guests who have come onto the show for the past 2 months or so and it seems like actors tend to come in on Wednesdays. I'm probably wrong. Luckily, by a stroke of luck and not from my research skills, Jason Bateman was the guest!! While I'm sure his main purpose was to promote his directorial debut, he instead hilariously recounted a story of a Passover experience and practiced his Yiddish with Jon like old pals. Jon also tapes his international edition on Wednesdays, so we got to see him tape an introduction for a few extra seconds. 4. Jordan Klepper, the new correspondent, did an interview and we were able to see him use a green screen and a cue card for a goofy bit. While only two weeks on the job, he didn't seem so nervous and seemed like a great addition to the team. 5. Samantha Bee had a pre-recorded bit, but she made an appearance during the commercial break anyway. She waved. --Thanks for reading. --
Whoa, I didn't even know you could review this! I went to a taping almost three years ago and it was so awesome that I still haven't stopped talking about it. I bet the rest of the reviews all say the same thing, but definitely get here early. I think it said 2:30 on the email, so we got there around 2, only to find that you get a numbered slip and don't actually have to wait in line for two hours. As a result we ended up getting numbers in the 150s and were pretty close to the end of the line. I gotta send props to the interns who were super nice about all my annoying panicky questions over whether or not we would make it in. We ended up being super close to the cut-off point, but we made it! If I get the chance to go again, I'm definitely getting there earlier. Luckily, even though were in the top row of seating, the studio is small enough that you get a good view from anywhere. It's also pretty different from how I imagined it would be - there's seating on two sides and the desk itself takes up a pretty small portion of the studio. The Q&A section was short, but Jon was both hilarious and really kind to the people asking questions. The show itself went super smoothly, which I guess tends to happen after over a decade of shows. It was pretty cool to see that segments that didn't make it to TV, not to mention, I really enjoyed seeing it live and unbleeped. The second act was a prerecorded segment from John Oliver, though he did come in during the break, dressed in street clothes, which seemed kind of strange, having been so used to seeing him in suits. Overall, a totally amazing experience that I would love to repeat.
FEBRUARY 11, 2014 [Insert trumpets] From Comedy Central's World News Headquarters... This is the review of a person who almost froze to death! I had a blast at the taping. I love the show, but I do find that some days it's not as funny as it used to be. After the taping, my guess is that it has nothing to do with Jon. He came out and did a Q&A and killed it! He's extremely quick on his feet. It was so cool just being able to see everything in person. I'm extremely cheap, but I paid $100 just to take an Amtrak up to NY to see the show. I immediately went right back home. It was totally worth it! There are plenty of reviews that explain the process, but I'll give my two cents. I picked the dead of winter with the hope that the line wouldn't be too long. I checked thedailyshow.com for about a month before seeing a spot open up. I confirmed the email and got there at 1:00pm to find 18 people ahead of me. By 1:30 there had to be well over 100-150 people there. The studio holds about 250 I think, so your eyes can be a good gauge of your chances. At 2:30 they give out numbered tickets and tell you to come back no later than 4:30. We did that, went in through security (Not as bad as people make it out). Everyone was friendly, but the thing is sensitive so take off your belt. They must have been in a rush to film, because we started around 6:00. Not sure of the exact time because we couldn't pull out our phones (and who has a watch these days?). They gave us about 10 mins to take pics once they filled up the studio. There's a warm up guy. He was pretty funny. He emphasizes the need to be loud and overdo it on the laughing. Then Jon came out and did the Q&A. Immediately after the Q&A he sits down and they start the show. He did it in one take with breaks coinciding with the commercial placement. Less than 30 mins later, we were back on the street. Great experience.
When I want to learn about the news, I tune in to the Daily Show.
I'm not a devout follower of John Stewart, but I definitely recommend doing this if you find yourself in New York City. You have to have a reservation of sorts that you sign up for online. They'll tell you get there at 2:30. You'll need to get there more like 1:30 if you want to be in the front of the line. BUT, where you are in line doesn't necessarily determine where you sit. We got there at about 2:00 and the line was already wrapping around itself. At 2:30, we were asked for our names, and then given a blue ticket and told to come back at 4:45. We thought we were on standby, but we weren't, it was just a different section of people. The tickets are numbered, so when you come back, you get in line by ticket color and number. You go through security, and then they seat you in the studio. After the 'hype man', JS comes out and does a Q&A before the show starts, which to me was the best part. We were out of there by 7pm and able to get to dinner at a reasonable time.
Loved our experience here. I was lucky enough to see tickets available for when we would be in NYC. I quickly reserved them (for free) on the Daily Show website and immediately received a confirmation email.  Days before the actual taping, I received another reminder email. I was so pleased to see that I did NOT need to print the confirmation and could just bring my phone and tell them my name. I read a bunch of reviews on the process, when to arrive, etc.. and it was VERY helpful. We arrived at noon on the day of the taping and we were the first people there (we wandered away for a few minutes and ended up behind a small group).  Depending on how OCD you are, you can arrive up until 1pm and be totally safe. If I did it over again, I would have arrived later. Many people send ONE person to stand in line and then others join them. If you understand the way the ticket distribution works, it isn't a problem.  Read Anne R's review from 9/4/13 and her details were SPOT ON. Read her review and then here are my tips: 1. Don't get there before 1pm. They hand tickets out promptly at 2:30, and as long as you are in line by 1 or 1:30, you are absolutely safe.  The Daily Show does put on their website who the guests are, so you may want to get there early for a George Clooney or Hillary Clinton, but my taping was a conservative Fox news contributor pushing his new book.... not a great guest. 2. Go do something else from 2:30 - 4:30.  As Anne R says (her review is AWESOME), you can come back right at 4:30. We took a cab to the High Line and enjoyed a stroll before catching a cab back. Once you get back, the line is broken up into 20 ticket sections.  I had tickets 8 and 9, so we stood in the first section for tickets 1-20.  While standing there, don't worry if others are pushing in front. Once you go through security, they will force you in a completely numerical line before entering the set.  Just chill (unlike me) when others seem like they are jostling for position. 3. Go to the bathroom before security.  There are bathrooms downstairs and they will let you in while they are waiting for security.  There is a bathroom on the main floor for handicapped or people with a bum knee like me. My suggestion is to immediately ask to use the restroom when you are lining up.  Later they will announce that you need to use the bathroom and the line is INSANE. 4. Follow their directions about phones.  Silence them during the taping. They require them to be put away during seating, but once everyone is seated, they give you 30 minutes to take as many photos as you want.  So, do bring your phone but make sure you follow their rules. We stood in line with 20 grad students from Yale and one had her kindle. She had to read something before the day was up and she almost got thrown out of the studio because they thought she had a ipad/camera out. The producers get grumpy. 5. Your ticket # does not necessarily designate where you will sit.  First, a bunch of people with special pink tickets will get to go in first. Regular tickets are yellow, pink tickets are VIP and blue tickets are standby.  The girl with ticket #5 ended up in the corner. I had ticket 8 and I was front row. *shrug* it's up to the producers. We sat in the absolute front row. We ended up being directly behind the main camera for the first segment. You can watch what's happening on the screens all around the studio. I loved being in the front because Jon Stewart came out and answered questions before the show. He was like 2 feet from me which was cool. He spent a LONG time answering a bunch of questions from a JFK assassination conspiracy theorist. That was the most amusing part of the taping. Jon Stewart even improvised it into his opening joke. Great experience.  Loved the whole thing and would totally do it again!
My boyfriend and I went to the show on January 22nd, 2014. We managed to snatch tickets on the site and were really excited to go. Anyway, the timing was WAY off when we went. For example, the email stated that  they would start distributing tickets at 2:30, but when we got there at 2:00, they were already handing them out. The tickets are numbered 1-200, with tickets number 1-120 being yellow, and tickets number 121-200 being blue. Im not sure why the different colors. My boyfriend and I got tickets #125 and #126 and we were told to "Come back at 4:45, NO EARLIER" We spent the time from 2 PM - 4:45 (AKA an eternity) in the Subway next door. We bought drinks because we knew we would be there for a while, but its literally right next door to the studio so Im sure they don't care and, like another poster said, it probably happens all the time. They told us to line back up at 4:45, but the line actually started at 4:30. Im going to assume the fact that everything was starting earlier than was previously stated was because it was so fucking cold out that they wanted to get us inside a little earlier. This is where your ticket numbers come into play. They're going to make you rearrange yourself according to which ticket number you are, so there will be lots of jostling and shit, and you get to kinda talk to strangers which is always fun. Once inside, we all were screened airport style (shoes on), those with huge bags had to leave them in a separate room. Then we were lead into the actual studio (or is it called "on set"? idk) and we were ushered to our seats. Like another poster said, seating is completely random. Its according to the size of your party, so if you're towards the end and you have a big party, good luck. After everyone sat, we were told we could turn our phones back on for a second, so thats when everyone got their pictures, and then we had to shut them off again. A comedian comes out to amp everyone up (similar to Colbert). He picks people out of the crowd and asks them where they're from, who they're with, if they're dating, anything to start conversation. Its stressed to us that its important that were loud and clapping. Then the man himself comes out and answers a few questions. Were told we can't give him anything and to keep it appropriate. After that, you get to watch him tape the show! We went on a Wednesday, and were told it was the day they shoot their international version, so after he filmed the entire show, he did a second intro for the international version. Then we were ushered out, everyone was allowed to reclaim their stuff and leave. Overall, we had a great time. I understand that they were trying to do things a little quicker so we wouldn't be standing outside in the cold weather, so Ill forgive them for starting things a little earlier than originally stated. ********TIP: Follow @dailytix on twitter. They always give updates on tickets for both Colbert and Stewart.
First you have to reserve tickets online. go on the website and see what dates they have available. usually it's a couple months ahead of time. (don't forget to confirm again on the email they send you) then on the day of.. you should get their early. especially if it's a high profile guest. We got there around 12:30pm and we made it in, but a couple of friends came around 1:30pm and ended up not making it into the show. you wait to get tickets, then you can go off and do whatever for a few hours. My friends and I went to go eat Ippudo nearby. good ramen. then you come back by a certain time that they specify, line up, then go in. (even if they give you a ticket to come back later, you might not get into the show, so go EARLY for the first waiting time) going early for this second waiting time does nothing. we got lucky and we got all 4 actors from Anchormen 2 come on the show!! you usually find out a week or a couple days before the show day, so you won't know when you first get tickets online. there will be a chance to take pictures when you get inside (like 10 minutes set aside specifically for pictures), so don't worry even if they say no pictures at first. i have never watched a full episode of the daily show but this was a really fun and funny experience. Stewart is definitely talented at speaking and what he does.
I highly recommend attending this show. Tickets are free online, but you have to log on when they're issuing them (not sure when this is, but my friend got lucky and landed tix). Once you get your online ticket, you must show up by 230pm the day of the show to claim your tickets. They're not guaranteed, so I'd get their earlier if you really want them. My friend got there at 1:17pm and we ended up getting tickets in the 70s. Not bad! After you claim your tix, you have 2 hours to wander around and catch up on current events. They want you to return to the show at 430 to lineup and file into the studio. Seating is kind of a crapshoot. Just because you got an early ticket doesn't necessarily mean you'll get the best seat. They move people around based on your group size and they try to keep your entire group together. Jon comes out right before show time to take questions and boy is he impressive. He's witty and thinks very quickly on his feet. He somehow turned every answer into a joke. Once the show begins it goes by very quickly because production has their s**t together and everything is so smooth. This is a really great experience especially if you're a fan of the show
This is a must-see, if you are lucky enough to snag tickets (free, but hard to come by) - I got there around 1:00 and the line built up pretty quickly.  I was #21 and the bf #22.  In about 30 mins the line had built up enough that it started looping around. - Ticket distribution starts at 2:30pm.  Then you can go elsewhere til 4:30pm.  If there are any in your party that were not present at 2:30pm, they tell you that the rest of your party must pick up their tickets by 4pm. Or else it gets released to the standby line. - There are many restaurants on 9th ave, so we just hung out and had a late lunch. - There is a Subway (the sandwich place) next to the studio which is open 24 hrs.  It seemed like a lot of people just hung out there til 4:30pm and used the restroom.  The staff at the place didn't seem to care much, as i'm sure it happens quite often. - Try to carry a small bag.  Many people who had large bags had to check them in, along with photo-id to reclaim them at the end of the filming. - Seating in the studio is completely up to the producer.  You will go into the studio in the numerical order of your ticket, but where you seat is really random, and depends on the size of your party.  We sat 4th row in the center section, but the view was slightly obstructed by the main camera.  The VIPs (pink ticket holders) were seated in the section off to the side, where there is minimal obstructed view of the show. Overall, the show is a well-oiled machine.  They encourage enthusiastic laughter and applause at the jokes (since the show does not use laugh-tracks).  Jon Stewart is great, and my God, he is witty.
It was quite a process to get our tickets (online, then wait in line, then wait in line again), however it was so much fun! This was my first time seeing a show like this and I'm so glad we went. I wouldn't do this often, but it was cool to see Jon Stewart before the show do a Q&A (people: don't ask things like "can I work for you?" because yeah...no.) If you're the first in line you're not guaranteed a good seat. It seemed like they just filled everyone in.
I went for John Oliver's second to last show and though the security procedure is a little annoying it was well worth it. The entry process is long and tedious and there's a lot of sitting and waiting which made me disgruntled and in the midst of this rolling resentment PAs come out and ask you to be loud and energetic. I was going to deliberately be quiet but between the warm-up comic and the Q&A session it was hard not to be psyched up. I think it was an interesting look behind how the show actually works. Obviously, there are multiple takes due to flubs but there's also a dubbing process and it was funny to see John Oliver repeat the same phrase with different emphasis a half dozen times. If you can stand the line and the obnoxious security guards it's worth the trip.
It was a quick but unbelievable experience. He was hilarious - though difficult to hear in real life - but that was expected considering this is a studio shoot. Jon answers all questions afterwards - he's absolutely accommodating and fabulous. I definitely recommend taking a day out to check the show out. Basically, you spend the entire day waiting to get in, studio filming is literally 30 minutes and you're out of there.
Jon Steward is a funny and nice guy. Had questionaire in the beginning where he was willing to answer many questions from audience. But before the show got started.. there was a warm up comedian. He was outstanding. He really took the time to prep the crowd for Jon's appearance. He made joked while enforcing rules so audience would know how to react when the filming starts. Warning.. wear a jacket... I was sitting underneath an AC unit the whole show and was freezing with a pea coat on. Rules are really strict in there. No cellphones or putting coats on the back of your seat. Everything goes under the chair or on the body. Sign up! Go! Definitely a bucket list item for NYC
We traveled to NY and, more than anything, I wanted to attend a Daily Show taping. I checked the website a few weeks before and there were no tickets. I continued to check the website everyday and a week before our trip tickets were available. The website is updated every few minutes, so just keep checking it for tickets. We got our reservation confirmation (not a ticket) and arrived at 1pm. They start handing out the real tickets at 2:30pm, but they overbook. So just because you have a confirmed reservation doesn't mean you'll get a ticket if you're in the back of the line. At 1pm we were number 33 and 32 in line and got our tickets. They tell you to come back at 4:30pm to enter the studio. There is no need to show up before 4:30 because if you have the ticket for that day then you are getting in. When we finally got through security and got seated in the studio it was awesome. The studio is bigger than I thought it would be. We sat for about an hour listening to music and taking in the view. No pictures are allowed. If they see you even take your phone or camera out then they'll either confiscate it and scroll through your pictures and delete them, or just kick you out. At 6pm the warm-up comedian came out and got us all geared up and loose. He was really funny and basically made fun of audience members to get everyone in a laughing mood. It was all in good fun and he was very funny. After about 10 minutes Jon comes out and does a Q&A with the audience. He is so funny and seems like such a genuinely nice guy. He answered more questions than I thought he would and made a lot of jokes and had us all laughing our butts off. It was almost like watching him do stand up. This went on for a good 15 minutes. When it was time to start taping he went to his desk and the show began. The producers made sure to give us cues when to laugh and cheer. They made it clear they didn't want silent, reserved laughing. They wanted us to be loud and cheerful. The show was absolutely amazing. I would go back in a heartbeat and would recommend that any fan of the show or Jon should experience this. It was the highlight of our trip. At the end of the show Jon let us know that they had to do a reshoot of a single scene due to some kind of error. So he went back to his desk and they did it and we were not sure whether or not to laugh at the end of the bit. He made a joke about the delayed laughter that no one at home got, but everyone in the audience understood because of the reshoot. It was kind of cool. At the end of the show he thanked us all and made a few more jokes and made his exit. Do yourself a favor, go see his show. He is such an amazing performer and so funny. It was so great to see the behind the scenes production. My favorite thing was how interactive Jon is with the audience. I've been to other shows and they just come out, do their thing, and leave. This was totally different. He really made us feel like he was glad we were there and wanted us to have a good time.
I've been there twice, but my first trip in November 2010 was such a whirlwind (and I almost froze to death in the chilly air standing outside, my friend Shaka luckily keeping me warm...haaaa...), I barely remember a thing! I can't even remember the guest. (Sad.) However, my trip on August 8th was much more memorable, and pretty damn smooth. To reiterate tips from other Yelpers: 1.) Yes, get there early, like pre-2 p.m., but realize that being first in line does not get you the best seats. My guests and I (one of my roommates and both of my parents), got tickets 121 - 124. But guess where we ended up being seated? Second row, center. I was literally right in front of John Oliver on the stage floor, and it was GLORIOUS! 2.) Hold onto those tickets, numbered 1 - 200, and be sure to stand in your correct section in numerical order when you're supposed to. It does make life easier. 3.) Listen to the PAs, et al. We are their guests, and their bitches, to some degree. When they say "Jump", you say, "How high?" When they say, "Turn off your cell phones!", you do it. They are very friendly folk, so don't give them a hard time. 4.) Be prepared for a TSA-style metal detector upon entrance. Take off all metal and remove your belts. It makes the process fly by. 5.) Just...enjoy yourself! Whether it's your first or fifth time, going to a taping is always a lot of fun. Jon Stewart obviously reigns supreme, but John Oliver is so talented and charming. (Sorry...almost any British man can win me over, admittedly.) Kirsten Gillbrand was the guest, and he really did an amazing segment with her. He can hold his own. This taping was a belated 60th birthday present to my mother, and I know both my parents had an amazing time. It's really a great experience, and if you are lucky enough to snag tickets, you take 'em and GO!
Loved loved LOVED it!!! Yes, we saw John Oliver....but that was okay. He was funny and it was great to see the taping in person. Other people have mentioned what the line up process is. We got there around one...sat on the sidewalk in the humid NYC heat until 2:30 when we got our yellow tickets....we were numbers 27 and 28. Then we came back at 5pm and were seated in the second row. Not bad!!! Make sure that you have made an online reservation first. They weren't taking any standby/walk in audiences members that day.
So since my boyfriend is awesome and took me to New York for my birthday/Valentine's Day/Anniversary, I wanted to plan something awesome for him as well. He's a huge Jon Stewart fan, so I thought it'd be perfect to go watch the taping together. Getting tickets were a real pain in the ass. I would check the site frequently but never found any available tickets. I resorted to signing up for their Twitter feed so I'd be alerted whenever tickets were available. My phone was going off nonstop for the next 2 months. I would receive about 50 tweets a day from 4 am to 1 am (PST). Pretty much 24/7. And these were rarely for the days that we were looking for tickets for. They sell out in minutes by the way, so you really need to haul ass when your date is available. They put out tickets in bulk about 2 months before the recording date, and usually there is a good number of tickets that are released the day before, and sometimes the day of. So all the time in between that, is just random. Even though it is just a 20 minute taping, this took up pretty much our whole day. We got there at 12:30 pm and waited in line for two hours for tickets. Seating is not guaranteed so you really need to get there early to be one of the first 120. We were numbers 46 and 47. And we got seats that were dead center, 2nd row. I would say that it reached about 100 people around 1 pm. They start passing out tickets at 2:30 pm and then you're free to do whatever you want until 4:30 pm. Then we had to wait another hour or so to be seated. They try hard to amp up the crowd even among all the waiting by playing really loud up-beat music. They also have a warm up comedian (didn't catch his name) that is really funny. Then they bring out Jon. He does a 15 minute Q&A where you are free to ask questions. They tell you to not ask any dumb/creepy questions, but there were a good amount of stupid questions asked anyways. Jon is hilarious! I honestly like Colbert Report a lot better, mostly because I think his show is a lot funnier. But in person, Jon is super funny and witty. Our guest was Alison Brie from Community. I love that show, but she's not that interesting. The taping goes by really fast since he literally does this all in one take. But I definitely don't regret coming even though we spent 5 hours here to watch a 20 minute show. It was a great experience and can't wait to do it again for Colbert.
Other reviewers said to get there around 1:30 to get in line, but we got there at 1pm just in case since Morgan Freeman was the guest. We got there at 12:55pm and there were already 33 people in line ahead of us. I know this because my ticket number was 34. Gauge your arrival time on the guest. 1pm seemed to be just right for me. A NOTE ABOUT THE TICKET NUMBER:   This does NOT determine your seat number. The ticket number is merely the group you are corralled in to when you return at 430pm. The only purpose of the ticket is to establish in how long you will stand outside waiting for the show to start as opposed to standing inside. EVEN THOUGH I WAS #34 OUT OF 200, I DID NOT GET "FIRST COME" SEATING. This is worth mentioning. The way they seat you makes absolutely no sense and what ends up happening is that the last groups (numbers 150-200) actually get the better seats. Total crap in my opinion. The small section of seats off to the left of the stage are BY FAR the best seats since it is the direction Jon looks in when recording and where the side the guests walk out from. BEFORE THE SHOW STARTS: The hype man/comedian comes out and explains how your reactions should be since you are the live laugh/groan track for the show. He's pretty funny and gets you all in the mood for some Daily Show goodness after the long wait. QUESTIONS: He has an awesome candid Q&A segment after the hype guy comes out. If you're a ridiculous fan like me, it's worth asking ANYTHING just for the chance to have him address you.  My question made him laugh and I was pretty smug about it. :-] A TIP ABOUT THE STUDIO It's SUPER cold! I was there in late May and they were pumping AC in there like we were an audience full of menopausal women. Bring a hoodie so you can bundle up if you get cold. IF you get cold at the movie theater, you WILL be cold here! IN SUMMARY AMAZING experience. Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert are my idols and I would absolutely go back to see him live again. He is a genuine guy and super nice. He even offered to give his jacket to a person in the audience who was cold.
Get your Stewart on, and get there early. Plan to leave work early, drive there early, take the subway there early, and / or take a taxi there early.  Use any combination of transportation you see fit - just do it early.  Swim if you have to - although I recommend that...less. If you were lucky enough to get tickets in general, here is your well-deserved pat on the back. *pat* Once you have your tickets, look at the number.  In all likelihood, you didn't get there early enough and your number is in the high 100's.  Didn't you read my first few sentences?  EARLY.  2:30 on the dot.  Or earlier. As a follow up to get there early, I say stay local.  Do that and line up before the 4:30 suggested time...we got back in line at 4:20 and were, quite literally, the occupants of the last two seats in the house - and there were at least 50 people behind us. Poor them.  Yay us. Walk in, metal detect airport style, and get your seat.  I love the set, the atmosphere, and the general feel of a place that has had so much humor and so much celebritydom exist in such a tiny space. The warm up guy was great and Jon, as always, was amazing.  Smart, genuine, and fun to talk to.  Weird ass questions from the audience, but Jon was able to come up with witty, funny answers regardless.  The whole taping was done in one shot (Jon is a seasoned professional) and we were out of there before 7. If you even THINK you like the Daily Show, make a point to be in the audience.  Tickets are generally hard to come by, so stay on top of the website and the twitters and the facebooks. Above all, know you are going to have a blast, have a chance to be on camera for .4 seconds, and get home in time to watch it all over again. FREE.  FUN.  Go.
I had been waiting for this for five years, and of course, the week my family plans a trip to NYC is the week Stewart begins his hiatus. Oliver was brilliant, though, and obviously nervous.  Between segments he would take very deep breaths; that only humanized him for me though.  I loved him and loved the experience. Went on June 13, 2013.  John Oliver's first week of hosting.  There are already plenty of reviews exposing the general process, so I just have a few things to say. Writing as someone for whom a trip to NYC is a lifetime trip.... THE ONLY REALISTIC WAY TO GET TICKETS: if you don't have a twitter, get one and follow an account that tweets whenever tickets become available on TDS/Colbert.  The tweets are instantaneous and include number of tickets, date, and a link to the page.  Set it up so that you receive notifications from this twitter account on your phone. Because the competition is strong and many other people are doing it this way, this is the only realistic way of getting tickets, unless you're just lucky and the TDS website happens to have tickets for a day you want when you whimsically visit the page.  In theory, without twitter notifications (or maybe there's a similar method with other social media/apps) you would have to allot time for sitting at your computer and refreshing the "Ticket" page at the official TDS website over and over ad nauseum. The studio was trying "something new", they told us in the waiting room, regarding the camera policy.  They used to make you turn them/cells off before you even entered the studio proper, but now, they allow photography and video until the warm-up comic.  HOWEVER, once you're in your seat, do not get up in order to take pictures; take them from your seat or risk being removed.  I almost saw it happen. Farheed Zakaria was the guest.  We arrived in line at 12:45pm and were numbers 5 and 6 in line.  I don't know how they used to do it, but when they seat you from the waiting room now (around 5:15pm), they call in numerical order.  So we (5 and 6) were in center stage, second row (first row were some VIPs).  Damn good seats.  It pays to get in line sooner than later. Only complaint I have: the audio isn't so great within the studio.  Example: when a punchline is given during taping, and the audience responds, you don't hear the follow-up or what is said immediately after until the audience dies down again.  Kind of annoying given the audience responds pretty much every 10 seconds.  They ought to fix that.
Watching Stewart film the Daily Show is an awesome experience that you should try to experience at least once, if possible! The ticket procuring process for Jon Stewart is actually a lot easier than Colbert, though both involve a decent amount of waiting since they're free and popular. I HIGHLY recommend following @DailyTix on Twitter (I actually got a Twitter just for this purpose, and it worked out) or checking obsessively. The site automatically updates whenever Daily Show or Colbert Report tickets are up, and you still have to grab them rather fast! Generally there seem to be more Daily Show tickets since his studio seats more people. Remember you must be 18 to get tickets! Even though you may snag a reservation online, you have to go in person and line up again to actually get a ticket. For the Daily Show, you just line up before 2:45 PM in order to get some tickets and then come back in line by 4:45 (we ended up getting there at 2:20 and getting tickets #127-128 out of 160, but usually it's more competitive). It doesn't actually matter how early you come back the last time (as long as it's before 4:45) since they have you line up in the order of your ticket numbers. They let you in around 4:50, and you go through a screening similar to an airport TSA test. Then the people working inside assign groups to different locations; you don't have an assigned seat based on your ticket number. Therefore, if you have a large group, I suggest lining up around 1 PM and getting an earlier number because sometimes they can't fit a large group at the end, though they try. The seats are all pretty good, though cameras will probably be in your way since you're not much higher than Jon Stewart himself. They allow you about 15 minutes to take pictures of the set, though you can't take any pictures of Stewart, the guest, or the show in progress. A warm-up comedian comes out, and I thought he was pretty cheesy. I will admit that his role is extremely important in hyping up the audience and he was pretty successful. He calls random people out in the audience and jokes around with them, sometimes a little more sassily than others. Then Jon Stewart comes out and asks for Q&A and is so quick on his feet! He improvises like crazy, and during the audience Q&A, every answer that came out of his mouth was so funny in some way or another. The show starts, and the warm-up comedian reminds you that you can watch the show later--you're here as the laugh track now. It was cool to see the green screen in use and Jon Stewart taping everything with the pictures and captions being added on simultaneously (they have multiple screens hanging from the ceiling with what it would look like on TV). We saw Nancy Pelosi, so the first two segments were a little shorter. They debated a lot, and Jon really pushed her, but I felt the interview got somewhat petty and redundant. Oh well. At least Jon's guests are generally very famous! Overall, it was a very cool experience, and I'll probably be back next year... hopefully when it's a little warmer outside!
I have a crush on Jon Stewart. *Swoons* He's even more hilarious in person! But be prepared to spend 4.5 hours of your day waiting to see the show. Arrive at 1:30 to guarantee a seat. Wait for tickets to be handed out at 2:30pm. Then go somewhere nearby to grab food (NOT at Island Burger though). Then return at 4:45pm to wait in your designated area (partitioned by group numbers). Shuffle through security a little after 5pm and then finally get seated before 6pm. A warm-up comedian comes out and he's sort of funny. His schtick is pretty much insulting members of the audience, which can be funny unless you're that member of the audience. I really didn't like how he plucked a "big kid" out and teased him about his size. That was totally uncool. During the pre-show, two annoying and hyperactive girls in the front row shared with Jon (and the rest of us) some lame story about their college being on national news. FYI girls, the WHOLE AUDIENCE WAS ROLLING THEIR EYES BEHIND YOU. The pre-show is meant for us to ASK JON QUESTIONS. Even Jon sat down from boredom and responded with "that's it??" after they finished. Come on! You obnoxious chicks just wasted everyone's time. One guy in our row had a great question to ask Jon, but didn't get a chance because those girls took up a quarter of the time we had before the show started. EVEN STILL, I had a great time! Wouldn't do it again though unless I had a day to waste, which I don't!
Such a blast! My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to be checking their website at the right time and were able to score tickets quickly. I think there are enough people on here who have covered the process of getting in that I won't re-cover it, but it was easy as long as you do your research. If you get in the line at 2:30, you'll be disappointed.  We got there at 1pm and got tickets 48 & 49. The studio is small enough that even the last few people probably had a great view. The security is no where near as rough as some people said.  They check your bags and will store larger bags / book bags away during the taping but the security guards were very cordial and not at all difficult. The show itself was also a blast.  The warm up comedian encouraged everyone to be as loud as we could during all the parts when we're supposed to be laughing and cheering. Jon Stewart came out for a quick Q&A and was very witty and on point.  We attended this past Wednesday, the day before the big announcement about Stephen Colbert taking over Letterman's spot was made, and someone asked about that during the Q&A! Stewart didn't say that Colbert was picked but someone asked if he thought he would be right for the job and he basically said, "absolutely, without a doubt". I was floored and excited when the announcement came the next day! Anyway, overall a very fun experience.  The wait for tickets isn't that bad since you can leave and come back after 2:30 and I would do it again if I had the chance.
Attending a taping of the Daily Show is still one of my top highlights from living in New York.  And it was free! Beware, if precedent is any guide:  in the event of a writer's strike or other disruption, reserved tickets you'd held for months do absolutely nothing.  Not that I'm still bitter, six years later.  ;)
I signed up for the email alerts a year ago but have yet to receive any notifications. Instead, I checked the site obsessively to get tickets (they are usually released around 9am in the morning several weeks in advance of the date). The day of the filming, they start handing out tickets to those in line at 2:30pm. Warning: Show up EARLY. We arrived by 1:50pm, and my ticket was number #164. We barely made it into the theater (we were part of the last 6 people allowed in). Basically, the first 120 people get yellow tickets, which means they are guaranteed entry. Everyone after that gets blue tickets (for my day the number went over 200), which means they will seat you in numerical according if there is space. If you get turned away, they will give you VIP tickets to a future taping. The day of my taping, 40-50 people were turned away. The theater seats only about 200 (the max capacity is 239, but that includes crew), so they really overbook. Plus, every day there may be dozens of people with VIP tickets (special guests, people who were turned away previously) that fill up seats. Once you get your numbered ticket at 2:30, you have to return at 4:30/4:45, but you line up in numerical order, so you don't have to worry about being early then. Just come early before the ticket distribution at 2:30pm! Ticket number does not mean better seats - they seat groups all over the theater as they enter, it's random. Final bit of advice - use the bathroom BEFORE you enter the building. There is a bathroom right in the building entrance (before the security point), so when they are letting people ahead of you through security, use it.
We went to the taping April 18th.   733 11th Ave. between 51st & 52nd St.  We arrived about 3:30pm with a line of about 40 already waiting.  The line grew and about 4:30pm we were checked off by name and given a numbered card.  About 5:00pm seating started.  Jason Jones was doing a piece that required a shot of the audience.  (The top of my head made the broadcast of that piece the next day.)  A warm up guy came out to get our energy level up.  He was excellect.  Then Jon Stewart came out and took a few questions.  The taping was fun to watch with plenty of monitors overhead in addition to the live action.  They used the live audience reactions without directing us.  Our session ran a little longer than normal so they could tape the intro to the CNN international  version.   We enjoyed the whole experience and recommend it for those that can spare the extra time in NY.  A big yelp thanks to the Daily Show staff for making it all come together both during our visit and every night!!  Go get um guys!!!
I know what you're thinking..."The Daily Show!?" but that's just a TV show, that type of stuff doesn't get rated on Yelp, it violates all the Yelp rules! "Aha!" I say,  "But I went to a taping last night, so in fact it is a local destination." After much emailing and waiting (a few months) my confirmation email for Daily Show tickets finally came a couple weeks ago.  In a word, hilarious.   So, we got there at 3:40, and the doors open at 5pm.  The line was already about 200 people long at that point, meaning that not everyone behind us got in.  So get there early, or you might get bounced.  Also, its worth bringing a snack, a book, and a little folding stool, because you're going to be standing for probably two hours, and that's a long time to stand in one place (I think it's one of the 'grey areas' in the new (anti-) torture bill.)   But once things start moving (around 5:30 probably) it goes fast. They usher you in with militaristic precision, and then bring out the warm up comic.  He was far funnier than I expected, and get ready, because he will interact with you.  Particularly if you (1) are wearing a suit, (2) look shy, (3) are under the age of 25, (4) are outgoing, or (5) catch his eye in any way.   Then Jon Stewart comes on, takes some questions from the crowd, and after that, the show starts.  From then on, you already know how it goes.
I want to carry Jon Stewart in my pocket all day, he's so adorable! 5 stars! And he's funny and smart. His warm up guy Q was hilarious! Jon was (yep,we're on first name basis) very personable.  His show ran like clockwork. We're in, we laugh, we make fun of GW and we're out. Denis Leary was the guest. We got lucky. Jon's got some serious security (alliteration alert). And you can't take out your phone...don't even think about it. They are some serious security scallywags. I wanted another alliteration alert! Oh, I'm killing myself today.
I should have consulted Yelp first.... I got tickets to last night's taping.  I read all the terms & conditions on my confirmation tickets.  It told me to arrive between 3:30 - 4pm.  So I did.  I left work at 3 o'clock, which is IMPOSSIBLE to do, so this was my only opportunity to see the taping.   I arrived at 3:30, right when it said to start getting there, and the line...there were about 200 people already there.  I wondered to myself if I missed something.  I mean, it DID SAY to arrive between 3:30 - 4pm.  Oh well, I didn't care where I sat, I just wanted to get in. I have been a fan of the daily show since right after Stewart took it over.  I remember running into Steve Carrell before 40 yr old virgin came out, and I was so star struck, that I couldn't stop shaking.  I LOVE this show.  This was like the culmination of my love for the show, to see it live.  And being that I can NEVER leave work early, this is it. Well, I stood in line from 3:30 until 5, when the audience coordinator started handing out tickets, and the two DOUCHE BAGS infront of me were given the last tickets.  The same DOUCHE BAGS that were walking right behind me in the crosswalk on 11th avenue to stand in line, but somehow ran past me.  Those same DOUCHE BAGS got the last tickets, and myself and the 80 people in line behind me that had confirmation numbers were all told "sorry, try another time, oh we'll put you on the VIP list for a future taping where seats are available." You know what, f' that.  What kind of show treats their fans like that?  I understand they need to overbook, so that every seat is taken, but then tell me my ticket is standby, so I don't tell my entire family/friends about how I'm finally getting to see my favorite show live.  Or tell me my ticket is standby, so I don't request a day off of work, which could have been better spent doing something else, rather than standing in line behind DOUCHE BAGS, just to be "f'd in the A".   I seriously was so upset, that I was crying when I walked away.  Not only was I completely abused by this show, I now can't imagine watching it again.  I need a hug...
Alright Daily Show. It's about time I review you. I went to the June 21st showing and it was worth the wait. (I've been talking about flying to NYC and see Jon for over 10 years). I finally decided last January that enough was enough and I needed to score tix to the Daily Show. I took the time to read the blogs and find out exactly what I was in for. Tickets are released in batches and the best way to follow that is their Twitter account. So me, yes me, the ANTI-twitter, signed up for an account just so I could have ticket updates sent to my phone. I picked a date in late June so I could enjoy the weather (June is not nearly as hot as August). Then I waited. And waited. And waited. Then, one faithful day in March I got the alert, tickets are available! Hooray!! Jumped online and signed up for them. Got a confirmation email that day. Then I waited for June, quite impatiently I might add. Got a confirmation email the day before the show and I was off to NYC. I took a red eye and arrived in NYC around 9:30am. Checked into my hotel, and headed to the studio. Arriving around 1pm. I am a crazy fan, so I started waiting. First in line!! What what!? People walking by gave me looks that signaled I might be a crazy person, but hey, I love Jon. Around 2:30pm, the line began getting longer and longer. And by 4pm, it had gone around the block. The doors open and we were given tickets (1 &2). Yes, my hubby was there too. :) We were told to come back around 5pm. When we did come back, they had set up areas for groups of ticket holders 1-10, 10-20, and so on. We were ushered through the metal detectors in those groups. Girls, they check your purses. Then put into a holding room for another 15-20 minutes. They ask people to use the bathroom at this point. Then they line you up by ticket number and you're seated. We had pretty awesome seats. 2nd row and spot on Jon! Hooray! Though I will tell you with the camera, it's hard to see him. It moves around, so you do catch glimpses. Jon came out before the show and answered a few questions. He is hilarious and adorable in person! The show is taped exactly as you would see it on TV and they tell you when to clap and when to be quiet. Except, of course, when Jon's doing his bits. :) Once the filming is done, you're ushered out. And that's it. Quick, down and dirty. The show that night was not the best I've seen, but still, being there in person was an event that I waited 12 years for and it was worth it. I would recommend everyone does it once.
The Daily Show is one of my fave shows ever. It gained that status only after Jon Stewart took over, because who really cared for Craig Kilborn? I'd been a fan of Stewart's since the old "The jon stewart show" on MTV. Remember Howard the announcer? Reading up on all the information regarding coming to a taping, I knew that I had to get here early. Even though the email confirmation says to show up around 3:30 - 4pm, I got there around 2:30pm and I still wasn't the first one there. By 3:30, the line had already gone around the corner.  The people gave out free water to the people on line, and they opened up the restrooms, so people could come and go from the line whenever they needed to, which was great. Once inside, the studio is actually bigger than I thought it was. And since we came on a Wednesday, we lucked out because we got a "Back in Black" with Lewis Black segment. It was hilarious because what's normally a 3 minute segment took about 10-15 minutes because he kept screwing up. And in the middle of it, he gave everyone a comedy lesson on how to work your way to a punchline. all in all, just a great day with great company (there you go).
Very poor management from the renowned Jon Stewart. He has hired people who are the most stupid person I have seen in my life. We booked online months ago(that's a pain in itself). You have to keep looking when tickets are being issued and grab as soon as you can. We reached the venue at 3.45 and got ticket numbers 159-160. After standing outside for 1.5 hours(till 5:15) in 39 deg cold temperature with cold winds blowing, the guys organizing came and said that the last ones might not be accommodated if the studio fills before their term comes. Guess what? When our turn came , they said there is no more place for the remaining people. Funny? Not really! First of all, why  the heck would you give tickets to people if your studio does not have the capacity for those people? Do you not know simple counting and count the seats? Secondly, Why would you not tell while giving ticket or even before while online booking that it is wait list ticket? Why tell them at the last moment? Thirdly, nowhere they mention the show timings. So you do not know how long you would be waiting outside. The line moves so slowly , it literally takes 5 minutes per person. Only God knows why since we didn't get in. And it seems it happens every day. Tickets are given to people outside the capacity of the studio and are told at the last moment that they are sorry as the studio is filled to the capacity. They offer VIP ticket for some other show to the left over people  which might make people coming from nearby ok with the situation but people who took off from job half a day and came from far away, the management stinks. I like Jon Stewart show but not such a big fan to stand for more than 1.5 hours in cold weather and be duped. Yes giving the ticket and then returning them is duping. Shame on Jon Stewart show organizers who seems to have no organization skills. If Jon Stewart does not know that this is going on, then he should know and if he knows and still this is happening then, well, he made a comedy out of people who respected his satire. Believe me guys, it is not worth all the pain you go through and disrespected  for watching his show live. Better watch his show on TV or online. Overall, very disappointed mainly because I had never expected such a bad management from such a popular show. **The show may sound like free but you spend 6 hours after arriving in the venue before the show. Nothing is free in America!
Sitting through a taping of the Daily Show is a pilgrimage that every pundit-loving political aficionado ought endeavor once in their lifetime.  If such a pilgrimage is not possible, then you must tell everybody about wanting to attend a taping.  Because, unless you've seen it in person, you'd never believe that Jon Stewart looks just as big on my 42" HDTV as he does in person.   Last January, I endured a 2-1/2 hour wait in the freezing cold with only a suit jacket to keep me warm.  As they handed out seating cards, I was unsure whether I'd even make it in.  The anxiety nearly killed me (that and a dire need to relieve myself privately).  When we finally made it inside, I caught a cold and prematurely lost my voice.  Was the ordeal worth it?  Yes, and I would gladly do it all over again (except with a thicker jacket next time). A taping at the Daily Show is like Christmas Day.  You never know what surprises await you.  Will it be Lewis Black?  Will it be John Hodges?  Will it be Jason Jones?  Will it be Samantha Bee?  Will it be that Young Tech Guy?  Will it be that Senior Black Correspondent?  You won't know until you sit down.   5 Stars - No NYC experience is complete without it.  Even Hillary Clinton stopped by (via satellite) the night before her do-or-die Texas primaries.
I have a love/hate relationship with being an audience member for a live studio taping. I love being able to see famous celebrities (in this case, the quick and funny Jon Stewart) and being part of the behind-the scenes milieu filled with cameras and teleprompters. I love cheering and seeing the set which is often "smaller than it looks on TV). I absolutely HATE the waiting. And there is A LOT of WAITING. However, the Daily Show has a better system of dealing with their audience members than the Colbert Report. They start giving out tickets around 2:30pm and they tell you to come back by a certain time. The Daily Show isn't as strict as the Colbert Report. All I had to do to get my ticket was give my name and how many people that were in my party. I don't remember the guy asking for the print-out of the email confirmation they send out to those of reserved tickets on line. He certainly didn't asked for my i.d. For the Colbert Report, I had to show my email confirmation and everyone in my party had to show their i.d.s Security is basic, they look through your purses/bags and you go through a metal detector. They didn't raise an issue about my camera, however no one is allowed to take pictures in the studio. Here's an outline of our day: 1:40ishpm- We arrived to the studio  to get out tickets and there were about 70 people in front of us. 2:30ishpm- They started giving out tickets; my bf and I were got the 75th and 76th tickets. We were told to come back at 4:45. 4:30ishpm- Our party came back and waited in the 70 to 80 section of the line. We were allowed to go to the restroom as we waited on line. 5ishpm- Due to inclement weather, the kind people running the studio allowed us to go through security and enter the studio. 5ish to 6:3 ish-The audience were allowed to go to the restroom one last time before the filming began, and we mostly waited in the studio until the warm-up comedian came in, Q&A,  and then show began. The Warm Up Comedian was much funnier then the comedian at the Colbert Report. He was witty, he talked to the audience, and he really got the audience in a good mood (which is imperative after all the waiting). The Q&A with Jon Stewart was awesome and it was the highlight of the trip. It's an opportunity to talk with Jon and ask him questions. Please, if you have a chance to speak with Jon, don't ask him banal and lame questions I had to suffer through like: "When are you coming out with your next book?" "When is the next rally?" My bf asked Jon Stewart a random ass question about the weird extension on his desk that covered the celebrity guest's legs, and Stewart was cracking up and going on a funny tirade afterwards. Awesome. While being able to attend a live taping of the Daily Show was an amazing experience there was some ugly points to it. 1. Whoever said that every seat is a great seat fucking lied. A huge ass fucking camera, was in my way obscuring my view of Jon. I had to lean to the side to get a decent view, during the entire show. I give Colbert Report props for the way their seating is structured because I was able to view Colbert perfectly when I attended a live showing. 2. It was a little hard to hear Jon Stewart, his microphone must have been crappy that day. Overall, it was a great experience and the waiting isn't too bad if your with great people.
This review is for the 9/14/11 taping. I was excitied to score tix for the Daily Show after being turned away last year because they overbooked the taping I had tickets for.  Last year, I had an amazing time at the Colbert Report, see yelp.com/biz/colbert-rep… - the Daily Show was a completely different experience.  The term "phoning it in" comes to mind.  Before the show, we were urged to think up questions for Jon that he would use as an inside joke during the show that only the audience would understand.  Well, he didn't do one. I was expecting to see some of the correspondents do bits with Jon.  However, there weren't any.  Instead, we watched a pre-taped segment from Jason Jones about a bodybuilder that was not welcomed at a gym, which was hilarious and the only highlight of this experience. During the taping, it was difficult to hear Jon.  He has a low voice from years of smoking to begin with, plus he doesn't project his voice much.  You can hear it on TV, but in person, it was not as easy to hear. The content of the show was lacking.  Lots of juvenille anatomy jokes (which is getting more common on the show) instead of humorous intellectual jokes.  Unfunny comments galore.  Boring.  Forced laughter from the audience and from myself. Approximate timeline: 2 pm: arrived to wait in line for the 2:30 ticket distribution 2:35pm (late): ticket distribution starts.  Got a ticket in the 40's Told to return at 4:45p 4:45pm:  Rushed like a crazy person to get back in time.  What a waste of energy because I could have easily arrived a half hour later. 5:00pm: audience told to go to the bathroom (only chance). 5:20pm: line actually started moving into the security room for scans 6:00pm: Show started (on time) 6:45pm: Show ended, except Jon needed to record the beginning of the Global Edition which is shown in other countries.  That took another couple of minutes. 6:50pm: Left the studio I don't know what is going on with Jon.  He's losing his touch lately.  I used to adore this show but it seems to have lost his mojo.  Jon also seems to be a miserable person.  In between segments when there was a break, his body language and face gave me the impression that something was bothering him.  One thing is for sure, he has an eye for talent... Steve Carrell, Stephen Colbert, Ed Helms, Mo Rocca, Lewis Black, Rob Corddry and Jason Jones are stand outs from the show with enormous talent.  I think these proteges are whooping their teacher's behind.  Perhaps his Emmy wins today will reignite his passion for the show.
Very poor management from the renowned Jon Stewart. He has hired people who are the most stupid person I have seen in my life. We booked online months ago(that's a pain in itself). You have to keep looking when tickets are being issued and grab as soon as you can. We reached the venue at 3.45 and got ticket numbers 159-160. After standing outside for 1.5 hours(till 5:15) in 39 deg cold temperature with cold winds blowing, the guys organizing came and said that the last ones might not be accommodated if the studio fills before their term comes. Guess what? When our turn came , they said there is no more place for the remaining people. Funny? Not really! First of all, why  the heck would you give tickets to people if your studio does not have the capacity for those people? Do you not know simple counting and count the seats? Secondly, Why would you not tell while giving ticket or even before while online booking that it is wait list ticket? Why tell them at the last moment? Thirdly, nowhere they mention the show timings. So you do not know how long you would be waiting outside. The line moves so slowly , it literally takes 5 minutes per person. Only God knows why since we didn't get in. And it seems it happens every day. Tickets are given to people outside the capacity of the studio and are told at the last moment that they are sorry as the studio is filled to the capacity. They offer VIP ticket for some other show to the left over people  which might make people coming from nearby ok with the situation but people who took off from job half a day and came from far away, the management stinks. I like Jon Stewart show but not such a big fan to stand for more than 1.5 hours in cold weather and be duped. Yes giving the ticket and then returning them is duping. Shame on Jon Stewart show organizers who seems to have no organization skills. If Jon Stewart does not know that this is going on, then he should know and if he knows and still this is happening then, well, he made a comedy out of people who respected his satire. Believe me guys, it is not worth all the pain you go through and disrespected  for watching his show live. Better watch his show on TV or online. Overall, very disappointed mainly because I had never expected such a bad management from such a popular show. **The show may sound like free but you spend 6 hours after arriving in the venue before the show. Nothing is free in America!
My first go round at getting tickets didn't work so well.  Saw a link on TDS FB page for tickets, clicked said link, chose my dates and got a confirming message on the screen saying I'd get an email w/details.  The email never came.  I emailed them and told them what happened and essentially they said I was SOL.  Turns out I WAS SOL!  LOL FFWD to recently.  I did get the confirming email which says to print and bring it with on the day of the show.  They never looked at the letter but asked my last name to issue the tix.  Here's a timeline of the day: 7:20 am:  woke up   TMI?  OK, I will speed it up. 2:14 pm:  Arrived at TDS.  Letter said to arrive at 2:30 to get your tickets.  When we arrived there were maybe 60 people in line ahead of us already. 2:30 ish:  Got tickets.  Were told to return at 4:45 pm when doors opened. 3 pm ish:  Bought water from nearby Subway 3:15:  Went to nearby park.  Ate lunch, threw quesadilla scrap on ground and watched birds fight over it. 3:45:  Local drunks in park tried to hit us up for money.  Attempt failed. 4:45 ish:  TDS staff informs us of entry process.  Alerts us to urinate or defecate in advance of show as we won't be able to once the show is going.  Stresses that picture taking is strictly forbidden.  Informs us that weapons of any type are not allowed.  This worried us as we both HAD weapons.   5:35 ish:  They search bag, we surrender weapons (keychain with 1.5" tiny knife, nail file and teeny tiny scissor).   ok, I am getting bored with writing this review at this point.  Read what other people said because it is pretty much what we experienced. In conclusion, it was really fun and I was super hoarse from cheering and yelling so loud.  Jon Stewart is a riot and is just as quick with his responses to questions in real life (pre-show as he chatted with the audience) as he seems on the show. If you get a chance to go, GO!!
We got the reservations by email and made a long trek to Hell's Kitchen, arriving at the doors at 3:30pm. Then we waited 1.5 hours in line. After all of this we and 100+ people were turned away because they over-booked the show. Although it was nice that they offered VIP tickets to an unspecified future show, I am from out of town---just like many other people who waited in line. Perhaps this was a true NYC experience. Don't waste your time.
This was my first visit to The Daily Show so I didn't now what to expect, but it was a pretty painless procedure. The staff obviously has audience handling down to a science. They have a lot of rules, but the taping was only about as long as the show, so it wasn't that bad. The whole thing is very organized. -Arrive at about 3 PM to get a decent spot on line. Note that you WILL BE WAITING FOR OVER 2 HOURS. Dress for long exposure to the day's weather. I underdressed for the March 10 taping and suffered for it by freezing. Note that the studio is on 11th avenue and it is a lot windier and colder on 11th than if you're in midtown. -Eat before hand, but don't drink a lot because there is no place to go to the bathroom near by. You will have a chance to use the Daily Show's bathroom about 20 minutes before they let you in. They have strict "airport" security there, a full sized metal detector and they search your bags. Oversized bags like luggage and things like pepper spray must be left with the security check. -No food, drinks or even gum is allowed. -Cell phones must be off before you enter. They don't even let you take it out of your bag. -No photos are allowed -Once you are seated, you must remain seated, no potty breaks. The taping was short, so it wasn't much of a sacrifice to be textless for a little bit. The staff is very courteous. They are strict but nice. They obviously know what they're doing Once you get seated, they have a warmup comedian that talks for about 10 minutes. Then Jon Stewart comes out and takes audience questions for about 10 more minutes, then the show starts. The studio is much smaller than expected with only about 200 audience members. The seats are rising so every angle is a good view. Plus the monitors show onscreen graphics. There are 3 short breaks between segments, the show is filmed pretty much the same way it airs, opening monologue,  break, news bit or guest correspondent, break, media guest, break, Moment of Zen. Then they close the show. Stewart thanks you all for coming and you're ushered out painlessly. I cannot wait to go again.
I have the HUGEST schoolgirl crush on Jon Stewart.   I'm not kidding.  I want to be back in high school, just to have a locker, so I can put his picture in it.  I would touch his face every day, sigh, and say to myself, "He is so dreamy when he makes fun of TARP".   le sigh.   Oh yeah, watching him live is bad-ass!
Yesterday morning, i was looking for tickets to the Daily show a few months out when one of my friends will be in town. But what did i see? Tickets available for _that day_. Maybe some people saw that the guest was Alan Greenspan and bailed. Personally, i was excited to see Mr. Fed in person. I got in line around 3:30, and ended up with ticket number 86. By 4ish, the line wrapped around the corner of the building and i couldn't see how long it was. So if you're going, definitely get there before 4. (it's a great excuse to leave work early, too. My coworkers were all rather jealous.) I don't know if we had the same warm-up comedian as other yelpers, but i found his routine rather dull. He got most of his laughs by making fun audience members, and i rarely enjoy that type of humor. (And before anyone assumes i'm just unhappy because he made fun of me, he didn't. He actually didn't really interact with the entire section in which i was seated.) The mini-Q&A session before the show was amusing, and answered my lingering question about how funny Jon Stewart is without a script (the answer being, 'rather'). The show was about average, and after they cut away for the Samantha Bee middle-section, they brought her out for cheers and applause from the audience. We even got to see them re-shoot a segment that Jon screwed up the first time around. All in all, i had a good time. And i got a really good seat because i went alone. I was seated next to a creepy guy, but he was quietly creepy so i was able to mostly ignore him. They didn't do any audience shots, so my friends and family watching from home didn't get to see the back of my head or the corner of my shoulder or anything, but that's ok. Oh, and one thing i don't think the other reviewers mentioned: you can't get up to use the bathroom once you're seated. Keep that in mind. Also, you go through a metal detector and bag search on the way in, so don't bring in all your worldly possessions, the people in line behind you will get annoyed.
Get there MAD early! I arrived at the studio around 1PM, an hour and half before ticket distribution, and there was a queue of 25 ahead of me.  The comedian that opened for Jon was awesome, Jon was awesome, and the entire experience was awesome!
It's a lot of fun. You should try to go. But here's something sleazy that you want to keep an eye on: they give out more tickets than they have seats. What?! you say. They sent you e-mail telling you that I have tickets to the show. That's the problem; they send out a lot of those notes and they are just an invitation for you to wait outside of the studio until you actually have a real tickets. So you show up, maybe you even come from out of town, and you wait in the heat, snow, rain, cold, it doesn't matter. After standing out in the elements for a few hours, they eventually come outside and start handing out numbers (to indicate the order that they let people in) and once they run out of numbers, if you didn't get one, they don't need you. Not very respectful to people and their time. So get there early if you really want to see the show. Keep in mind that this is a 30-minute show, so balance your love of the show against waiting in the rain (there is no shelter while you are waiting, by the way). They need to take a page from Letterman where when you get e-mail, you know that you actually have a ticket. Once you get in, the show is a lot of fun and fascinating to watch. Just make sure that you get in.
The short version: 5 hours of waiting, 30 minutes of show, but if you love The Daily Show, it's still a free ticket for a live performance and worth it if you can get a ticket and take the time. GETTING TICKETS ONLINE: Instant (if available)! Quick Tip: Sign up on the website to be notified for ticket availability, and act quickly. thedailyshow.com/tickets Tuesday I just so happened to visit the Daily Show website in the morning and there were 6 tickets left for Wednesday's show the next day.  The number of tickets almost disappeared in front of my eyes- so I reserved two in hopes that my husband could join- 10min later, there were 0 tickets left.  So, if you see some, get 'em! WAITING IN TICKET DISTRIBUTION LINE: 1 Hour (1:30 - 2:30pm) Quick Tip: Have one person be the early bird so everyone else can arrive before 4pm. I arrived at the studio at 1:50pm and the waiting line had already started to fold over on itself. The entrance is to the far right when you look at the building and the line may wrap around on itself at the far left.  About 80 people were ahead of me in line at that point, with another 10 squishing in to meet up with friends as I stood there.  The line size quickly doubled between 2:15pm and when the tickets were distributed at 2:30pm.  Ticket distribution went quickly, I had a yellow number 89 and my absent husband was reserved as 90.  Yellow tickets are numbered up to 120 and pretty much guarantee you a seat.  Around 2:45pm they started handing out blue tickets to everyone else left in line (my guess is that many of these people got in line after 2:15pm). By 2:50pm the line of people waiting for tickets was gone. WAITING FOR CALL TIME: 2 Hours (2:30pm - 4:30pm) Quick Tip: Grab a bite to eat and catch up on current events- this is news satire after all. If you picked up your tickets at 2:30pm and now need to wait until 4:30pm, you'll immediately notice a lack of hangout options on 11th Ave (aside from the Subway sandwich shop next door, and the park with basketball courts.)  Thankfully, 10th Ave has plenty of delis, cafes, and restaurants as well as a Public Library just south of 51st and Barnes & Noble around 55th- all within walking distance- or head to the river and up a few streets for some time on the water if you already have some good reading with you.  Once you're back in line for the show, you won't be out until 7:30pm, so it might be a good idea to eat lunch if you haven't yet. WAITING FOR SHOWTIME: 1.5 Hours (4:30pm - 6:00pm) Quick Tip: Take a bathroom break before you get through security. 4:30pm you are asked to return to the studio sidewalk to now wait in your cattle-stall-like stationed number grouping (groups of 20).  Interns make announcements about not using your cell phones at all, going through metal detectors and security, and using the bathroom before you enter the studio since you will not be able to leave and reenter once you've been seated and you will be seated for approximately 2 hrs in the studio.  As we entered the studio, seats were filled front rows first pair by pair or group by group with singles filling in random holes.  We were seated around 5:15pm and the studio was full by 5:30pm.  Once everyone was seated in the studio, we were able to turn our phones back on and take pictures and use our phones until the warm up act came on stage. WARM UP ACT: 30 Minutes (6:00pm - 6:30pm) Quick Tip: Be loud and say something smart and short. I'm pretty sure the guy made up a name when he introduced himself because he had to think about it first.  It was clear his main goal was to get us to be as loud as we could be with cheering and hollering both with and without music for sound tests.  Tons of emphasis on being very very loud.  Then he asked some questions about the audience to see who was in the crowd that evening and razzed them a bit.  Jon came out to take a few questions from the crowd- unfortunately some students had really long and drawn-out coming of age questions which he happened to choose twice in a row.  If you're going to ask a question, make it simple and quick- don't try to ask anything philosophical. LIVE TAPING OF THE DAILY SHOW: 30 Minutes (6:30pm - 7:00pm) Quick Tip: Laugh and clap a lot. Once the taping started, it went by quickly!  We screamed, laughed, and clapped as much as appropriate, and definitely more than we would have in our own living rooms at home.  To watch the show go live was almost like a boxing match between Jon and the imaginary video box super-imposed next to his head, or Stewart & Oliver, or Stewart and his interviewee, with breaks in between segments where crew would come up to Jon for an opinion or change on this or that- kind of like a boxer getting a drink of water and a quick shoulder rub before heading back into the ring.  He did our show with no second takes, just a straight run through start to finish.  Once the show was over, we were all ushered out fairly quickly and back on the streets of NY.
Fantastic show, well worth the hoops it takes to get to it! First thing, people crying about them overbooking crack me up, considering they explicitly tell you that in the confirmation emails they send you (underlined "NO ONE IS GUARANTEED ENTRY" and "FIRST-COME, FIRST-SERVED BASIS").  Cry some more.  They start handing out tickets at 2:30, but I'd recommend getting there no later than an hour before that to get a decent seat.  Bring a book. Ticket in hand, you'll be told to come back at 4:30.  If Subway isn't your thing, there are restaurants and whatnot on 9th and 10th Aves. I hung out in a Dunkin Donuts watching Netflix on my phone. 4:30, back at the studio, they start letting people in, make sure you take the opportunity to use the restroom just inside the entryway before going through the security screening.  No, you won't lose your place in line, that's what the ticket numbers are for. At some point before Jon Stewart comes on, a warmup comic comes out.  Warmup guy was okay, gets you to loosen up the vocal cords and let 'em rip during the taping.  I was a bit self-conscious about it at first, but when Jon came out and started the Q&A, it was not hard to laugh my ass off!  Guy's a warm and engaging fella. Show was great, will definitely take the time to see it live again!
One thing I recommend to people while they have the time is to go see a taping of a show. My friend had an extra ticket for the Daily Show, so I agreed to come out. It was quite the experience to wait in line, get seated, and partake in the audience. I really enjoyed observing the behind-the-scenes of the show. Jon Stewart is so smart and energetic; he definitely has a knack for comedy. I really enjoyed the warm-up comedy in the beginning as well. The tickets are free, so what are you waiting for?
I want to have Jon Stewart's babies, and I don't even like kids. How can I get him to hang out with me without him thinking I'm a stalker? What about starting out by sending a fruit basket? Thank you Daily Show, for calling people out on their bullshit.
Reserve tickets at: 1. thedailyshow.com/tickets Show up around 1:30 (one hour before they give out tickets). Parking is $10 if you're not using transit. There are ~200 seats. The first 40-60 of those go to VIPs. That leaves ~150 for the reservations. Showing up at 2:00 (30 min before they give them out) will get you ticket #110-130 of those 150. All of these numbers are highly variable. Now it's 2:30pm and you're not due back until 4:30pm. There are a few decent places to eat/drink around. Local bar does TDS specials. 9th/10th ave is good. I like Claw a lot.
Granted, I totally free-rode my way as a +1 on a ticket reserved back in February.  That said, there was plenty of hassle to be had on the day of the show, and the Daily Show was worth every bit of it. We got in line at around 3:00.  Thankfully, we got some shade and mild weather, and with newspapers to sit on and a book to read, the next three hours went by...slow but easy enough.  A couple times before we were let in, ambassadors from inside came and briefed us, mostly telling us to use the bathroom before the show. The studio is smaller than I'd imagined, which makes for a fun little atmosphere.  The crowd is largely composed of out-of-towners (note the adverb), a lot of white middle-aged middle-Americans, some with teenaged kids, all very happy to be there.  Together we were tasked with expressing ourselves through laughter and cheering, but the repeated urging to enthusiasm was hardly necessary. Our warm-up comedian was Paul Mercurio,  and he was quite funny.  I felt a little bad for him, though, because Jon Stewart came out afterwards to answer questions and completely slayed us all.  It was a true pleasure seeing him in his element.  He's just as funny off-screen as on, and just as fast too. The show itself was awesome, with a segment with Lewis Black and a great interview with Brian Williams.  The cameras would obstruct our view at varying intervals, but I was so giddy and happy to be there that they didn't come close to scratching my experience. We were out by around 7:30 with big grins on our faces.  It was a big time commitment with a line:ride ratio to rival the most celebrated of rollercoasters.  Even so, I'd do it again tomorrow.
It's worth the wait. We showed up at 2:30 and were the first in line. Check the website for "day of" tickets, that is how we secured ours.  If you cannot print a confirmation, be prepared to show your confirmation email on your smart phone. Try to bring something to sit on while waiting in line, even if it is a plastic bag or folded paper towel as the concrete very may well have been urine stained as it smelled...like urine. Be prepared to have your bag checked and go through a metal detector.   Restrooms will be available in the studio building starting at approximately 4pm. Some seats may be partially obstructed views, don't worry as the cameras move often, you'll get your chance to gaze at Jon and guest. We were out by 7pm.
This is how to cut it close. Hot August day, show up at 3:20 pm. At 4:30, the people right in front of us received the last two blue tickets, and we received the first two index card tickets. Some time later they make an announcement and cut everyone with index card 7 and later. The six of us index card holders waited until past 5 pm, and were held up at the metal detector until someone came back and announced that there were two seats left. Boy were the other four people bummed, but we were happy because we had not arrived a minute too early. Again, we arrived at 3:20:00 and would not have gotten in if it had been 3:20:30. On rainy days you may be able to stretch it to 3:30. Your mileage may vary :) The key to getting tix is to click click click, because cancellations show up all the time, sometimes same day, so you have to be flexible. If you get turned away because you didn't follow my advice and dawdled until 3:21, you theoretically have access to VIP tix, but I inquired the last time (when I was such a dawdling loser) and they were sold out through 2009. In other words, you qualify for VIP for some time in the very distant future, when who knows, you could be dead. So really, you want to show up early. Unfortunately, if enough yelpers follow this advice, you will have to camp out even earlier. They way overbook. I would estimate there were 80+ people who didn't get in. If you are lined up on 11th Ave, you are good. if you are on the corner on 52nd and within the first 20 people, you are also probably good. Everyone else is hosed. The theater holds 216 people, so you can count everyone on 11th and get an idea of your chances. There are supposedly 50 VIP tix each day and you may or may not see them on the sidewalk, because at some point they are allowed to saunter in, with a smug grin on their faces as the groveling masses glare at them with death in their eyes. My theory of the index cards is that none of those people are supposed to get in. They are back-ups in case they miscounted or someone with a real ticket goes into labor or needs to change into their Spiderman suit (I know the movie put a hyphen before "man" but come on that's stupid). So if you get an index card, chances are not good and you get to wait an extra 45 minutes before you find out how truly hosed you are. Unless you are me and my friend, ha ha. Oh yeah, the show? Everything has been said. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Standing in line wasn't so bad, as there was some camaraderie. I'd gladly do it again.
I have been in training for weeks to master all the high traffic online reservations systems - from momofuku ko reservations for that coveted 4 person party to scoring of Daily show & Colbert tickets.  So I noticed after being on the website every morning (I made it my home page for a while), it seems there are available same-day tickets around 10-11am each morning.  Schawingg!  If you can afford to plan on the fly like that - this show is definitely a must see! Yes, I may have had a "doctor's appointment" so I had to leave early...  My friend arrived at 3:20pm, and I joined her in line before the cutoff at 4:30pm.  We were around the block behind Subway's on 51st street - I heard that as long as you make it before that green(blue?) awning you will make it in.  Doors opened at 5:30pm and due to luck and random seating, we snagged 2nd row center seats! Opening warm-up comedian was a riot, and Jon Stewart did a Q&A session before the show started.  What I would give to be as quick on my feet with witty responses like Stewart! That man is BRILLIANT and very dreamy... haha also loved how he incorporated our questions into the show (one girl asked if Wyatt was single during the May 3rd show he brought it up in the interview - audience LOVED it) The wait was painful (definitely bring a book!) but all that irritation dissipated upon entering the studio.  I really thought in line I'd never do it again, but after the show - I'd risk looking like I have some chronic disease due to all my "doctor's appointments" :)
Yes, you'll wait in lines for a long time, so dress warmly.  We got there 1:45pm and waited until about 3pm until we had our tickets in hand.  Walked to a place on 9th for lunch and a few beers before the show.  I'd recommend making sure you've had lunch before getting into line. We walked back to the show and got back in the queue at 4:30pm.  Since, at this point your tickets have numbers, you won't have to rush back any earlier than that.  It probably took another hour of waiting/security until we were actually in the studio and in our seats.   The warm-up comedian, Paul Mecurio, was hilarious!  He spent a good deal of time warming us up and didn't seem like he was in a rush.  He really enjoyed interacting with the audience. Stewart came out for Q&A with the audience and it was equally hilarious.  Just like Paul Mecurio, Jon Stewart didn't seem in any rush to wrap things up and really fed off the audience.  You can tell that he's a stand-up comedian at heart and loves hearing live laughter.  After the show, he took the time to thank us for coming rather than just disappearing once his job was finished.  Stewart is a cool and classy guy in my opinion. Anyway, if you're a fan of the Daily Show and can patiently wait in long queues, you'll enjoy this.  It's interesting to see the studio and how it's all filmed.  It's also nice to hear the f-bombs that are normally bleeped out during the broadcasts.
I mean, its Jon freaking Stewart. Its the usual- set aside most of your day for the show to truly enjoy it, unless you have a faithful friend (a.k.a me) who is willing to stand in line all alone to pick up her ticket and save spots for the rest of the people in her group. Pretty much, I got there around 1, which was EARLY. I was about the 15th person in line. Around 1:30, things started to really pick up, and the line looped around to the front of the entrance. 2:30, they open the doors, and you get your ticket if you're present. If the other people in your group aren't, just tell the bouncer(haha I guess more appropriately, the security guy) that they are coming before 4. When my friends were able to come, ( pretty much around 3pm), they just went up to the door, said my name, and got their tickets. Coming at 2:30 on the dot will assuredly result in you being turned away empty handed from the door. I had originally thought that 11th ave was in the middle of nowhere, which is still true in my mind, but there is food all around, so after the wait, don't feel as if there is nothing to do- there's a Subway adjacent to the studio, and countless Thai restaurants around and pizzerias and DD and Turkish and etc etc etc We came back at 4:30 ( dont come earlier, there is no point, as they split us up based on our ticket numbers, which are based on when you arrived to pick up your tickets in the first place), and they give us a little prep speech outside while on line. They then give us a potty break ( because you cant use the restrooms once you enter the studio), and then we went through security ( metal detector, bag search, yada yada). If your bag is huge ( a backpack pretty much), they might stow it away for you ( they did that for the gentleman standing in front of me). Afterwards, you get seated in the order you came in. Maybe it was because it was an usual day at the studio, but we had legit about 45 minutes  of sitting in the pretty chilly studio doing absolutely nothing ( no phones allowed!). Then a warm up comedian prepped us for Jon. And that's when the party started. Jon came out, we got to ask a few questions, and then the show went on. I can only pretty much repeat the accolades other reviewers gave him, because, again, its Jon Freakin Stewart. Now that I'm wiser (as in, I won't come earlier than 1:30), I think I'll come back one day in the future to bask in his presence yet again.
When attending the Daily Show you need to realize that the show experience is VERY different from watching it on your couch at home.  First, there is the issue of getting tickets.  Yes, there is a standby line, but often they don't get in.  Reserve your tickets online.  This can be difficult to do a long ways in advance as they post tickets sporadically.  I've had good luck reserving tickets day of around 11am when they free up tickets from people who aren't attending. Next, judge the weather when determining how early to show up.  If it's miserable weather you can easily get by with not showing up until 4pm and still making into the taping.  If it's nice out plan on showing up around 2:30-3pm.  Just because you booked your ticket does not mean that you're going to get in.  Be prepared to stand in line for a while and chat with other people around you.  In my experience most of them seem to be tourists from out of town, so if you're a New Yorker be sure to give them some advice on the worst^H^H^H^H^Hbest spots in town to visit. After waiting in line until about 4:45, they'll start to send people through the security.  If you've got a large bag they'll actually check it for you.  How nice of them.  Same thing goes for weapons. In general, it's easiest if you don't bring other random stuff with you, but it's not horrible if you do.  The security staff are extremely nice and do a great job without the enhanced pat-downs you expect at the airport. When you take a seat in the studio you'll notice that 1) it's freezing, and 2) they're just playing music.  The longer you're stuck there in the cold the more re-writes the show had to be.  I've had times when I was one of  the last people in and I still had to wait more than an hour.  When Jon came out he explained that the rehearsal went poorly and that he hopes the rewrite works better. Shortly before Jon comes out a standup will come out to warm up the crowd.  In addition to getting people to laugh they're trying to set the microphone levels for the crowd.  So, don't be a jerk and not laugh at the guys jokes.  In my case it was a guy that I've seen a few times before (also at the Colbert Report) and he's pretty good (Pete Dominick).  If you're bald make sure you show your solidarity with Pete. Jon comes out shortly before the show, does a little Q&A and then you're off to the races.  From there it's largely like watching an episode of the Daily Show, only there is a camera in your line of vision, no bleeps on Jon's potty mouth, and you hear the times he messes up before they do the voice-overs to fix them in editing. Going to the The Daily Show is a great experience, but the down side is that watching the taping is just so similar to watching the show. In my opinion, you may want to try going to the Colbert Report first because you get the added bonus of Stephen Colbert out of character before the show. In either case, you'll still laugh a lot and if you're lucky you'll see yourself on basic cable.
You can get tickets the day of by watching the daily show ticket page around 10 am and refreshing constantly.  Once you get approved, get ready for a day of waiting around...  but once you are in you will have fun. While waiting in line, I suggest you do not look up at the apartments to the right if you do not want to see the neighbors penis.  There is a rather well endowed man that likes to "helicopter" out his window to entertain folks standing in line. After getting your ticket, you will be asked to go away for a while and come back when it is time to enter the studio.  I suggest the French cafe that gives a discount to ticket holders.  The security at the show will point the way for you. The production of the show goes very fast so don't expect to kill more than about 1 1/2 hours at most.
Let me just say this - Jon Stewart is THE MAN. Witty, composed, sharp-as-f*ck, and funny-as-f*cuk - this is a winning combo. -We scored VIP tickets and so our experience was flawless. If you happen to know someone who can hook that up for you, I'd recommend it as our line was much shorter than the regular seating line. It's nice to tramp around the city without having to be waiting in line from the crack of dawn on. -A crowd warmer showed up and prepped us about our noise level and started cracking jokes. Dude's so, so funny. -Jon came in right after the crowd warmer left greeted the audience by asking questions - this is where you see the inner workings of a genius ad libber. He was hilarious. -He dove right into the show and from where we were sitting, we could read the teleprompter. It was amazing how much of the show is improvised. -And then, it was over and he was gone. -And we sort of left feeling a little empty inside, because NOTHING WILL EVER BE THAT AWESOME AGAIN.
I went in late March when John Kerry was the guest interview promoting his and his wife's book.  I had reserved tickets about a couple of months in advance-you can check the website and see when tickets are available for upcoming dates.   Having tickets does not guarantee entrance, but having tickets and getting in line early probably does!  Get there around 3 pm.  His studio holds about 200-250 seats.  I have not figured out the VIP ticket situation.   So you wait in line for like 2 hours and then the line snakes inside and you take your seat where you wait for like another 45 min or so.  Needless to say, bring something to do!  Then the fun begins!  A warm-up comedian comes out to make you practice laughing and then Jon Stewart himself comes out for a brief Q&A.  Come in with a question and raise your hand first quickly because after the 1st question, it gets harder to get called on.   The show taping is fun!  They've already done their dress rehearsal so you're watching the show that will be aired in a few hours.  You can see all the behind-the-scenes stuff (they really do take commercial breaks).  Louis Black did a piece and then Kerry came on.  What was probably one of the funniest, spontaneous moments was when Stewart did the "toss" to Colbert.  It was the toss where Colbert was supposed to say a bunch of cheesy pick-up lines.  Stewart was totally making faces and screwing Colbert up.  Hil.  ar.  ious.   Must-see for locals and fans visiting the city.  Just be prepared to hurry up and wait!
Reserve your tickets online! They overbook, and you'll be really pissed if you wait for hours and then don't get to go in. Know what you're getting yourself into - you're waiting ~3 hours for a taping for a half hour show (which is totally worth it btw). WAITING: Our group got there around 2:55 and we were #164-167 (out of I think around 215). Seems the general gist is, as long as you're under the blue awning you're gonna get in. FYI, there is a Dunkin Donuts a few blocks over. Coffee and munchkins make the waiting go by a lot faster! As does good company, which I was fortunate to have :) You'll be waiting outside for most of the time, and the cutoff for having people join you in line is 4:30. They didn't start letting people in until after 5. Taping is ~6 and the show airs at 11. Everyone has to file through a single metal detector (don't worry, you can keep your shoes on). AMBIANCE: The studio is cozy and the seating is sort of randomly assigned based on how big your group is and where there is room. The VIP section is separate. For the rest of us, they fill up the seats starting from the inside, so we were fortunate enough to be smack dab center, albeit in the very last row. However, because we were high up we never had a problem with the cameras blocking our view. The warm-up comedian was decent - just called out a few people in the audience and cracked a few jokes. As mentioned by others, Jon Stewart starts with a Q&A sesh. This one girl asked for a shoutout for her veteran brother, and he was nice enough to oblige and work that into the show. Sadly, Jon had the bubons for our performance but was still a great sport. PERFORMANCE: The taping was very high energy. I mean, after waiting for hours in line outside and again some more inside, people want to make the experience worth it and do so with hearty and loud cheers. The material is quality, and we definitely enjoyed ourselves. Before long, the experience is over, leaving you wanting more! 5 stars - hands down. Free, fun, and Jon Stewart is the shit. Will definitely attend in the future.
They purposefully make their best fans wait for unnecessarily long hours to see an hour-long taping. I was personally turned away and given the chance for a VIP ticket... many months from now when I'll no longer be in town.  It's particularly stupid because I know they have tickets available for this week; they just don't want to go through the hassle of converting a regular ticket into a VIP ticket. In summary: fuck you, Daily Show, and go learn how to be organized and nice to your fans.
,  I sat on that line for 2 hours to for nothing. On top of that thank god i didn't get in cuz u had snoop dog as a guest. FUCK THAT. I think my friend blew it for our line of 100 something people. He was so hammered that the security guards pulled me and my brother to the side to tell us we could get in but your friend has to go.  We were like "we don't know him" he said bullshit he is your friend.   From what I understand and from first hand sources your better off doing David Letterman. Your more interacted with whats going on versus Jon Stewert where its straight up taping and sometimes you have a piss poor view of the stage. Didn't matter though the other line was the chosen ones.  Free tickets? nothing is free in life.
To be honest, while I was waiting ~2 hours outside to get in, I was asking myself if it was worth it. But it was. Even though you're feeling sifted through multiple check points to get to see Jon Stewart, Stewart ultimately makes you feel special, make you feel appreciated. It's as if he knows you went through stupid, slow lines just to see him, and consequently he'll want to put on a good show for you. I really liked the q&a before the show even started, which he even referred to at the beginning of the taped show. He was funny, on his game, and candid. It was fun to see the show being produced, including the writers on the side of the audience, who rushed to come up with another, funnier joke, as the case was when I went this evening. They retaped the short segment, and the audience agreed that the new joke was better. This experience is a great NYC opportunity, so go for it!
So much free fun!  I've seen the show twice and it was worth the wait both of those times. Make sure you get there a bit before the cut-off time for getting in line.  I've actually waited thrice but one of those times we just made it at 4 (or 4:30, I forget exactly what the cut-off is) and waited in the freezing cold for nothing... we were too far back.  But it doesn't matter exactly when you get there, or exactly where in line you are (so long as you're not one of the last 20 or so), because the first in line doesn't get the best seats.  They do seat everyone in the order they arrived, which is a process ensured by fancy numbered Daily Show tickets, but you're seated throughout the studio according to what I'm assuming is some cool high-tech secret algorithm that the interns telepathically communicate betwixt themselves. I'm sure others have written about the entire ordeal leading up to the show, but I'll tell you about it anyway.  It is basically a waiting game.  You get shuffled about a couple of times, but you wait everywhere you are shuffled to.  First you get there and wait outside, how long depends on when you decide to get there.  Eventually interns come around with numbered tickets.  Then you go through quite the thorough security check.  Don't bring weapons.  Don't bring things that might be weapons.    Then you wait inside, but you also get the option of using the restrooms.  This is the last time you will have that option, so take it!  Then you are seated in the studio (see: previous paragraph), but it's not time for the show yet!  There's a lot of loud music to pump you up, and a comedian to make fun of fellow audience members and get you laughing. And then... the big moment... Jon Stewart walks out and he's A LOT shorter than you thought he'd be after seeing him on television.  He does a Q&A, and then jumps into the show.  For the most part, each segment of the show is done in one take, but occasionally he laughs at the jokes he is telling and has to rewind a bit and start over.
I saw the Daily Show live a few times when I lived in NY, it was an awesome time...Jon Stewart always came out to talk to the crowd before the show....my friend's kermit the frog doll almost got onto the show but then he told Jon Stewart he wanted to make out with him and Jon got a little freaked out (long story short)... I'll make it back someday, I gotta check out the Colbert Report, I have been meaning to for years!
If you are coming from out of town, you can actually check your bag. There is a huge awning for the first 50-75 people, so waiting in the rain isn't so bad. And the price is right. We sat on our suitcases in line then checked them in. There is a bathroom you can use for part of the  wait time before you enter the show. The warm up comidian doesn't seem to prepare any material, but he was fine. Ask him if he punched "flea" in the face. Jon takes a few questions from the audience before he begins. Try to make your question something he can riff on for a while, because that's the purpose of them. Sometimes he'll work the material into the show, which is always funny. Very pleasant and organized staff keep the ball rolling.
A bit of a pain to get tickets, but that's to be expected: - The staff were friendly and communicative. - The process took awhile but went relatively smoothly. - Jon was great! He even did a Q&A at the beginning. It was cool to see how a show like this is put together.
This show is amazing and so worth going (also to Colbert as well). Your ticket doesn't guarantee entry and make sure you get there early. Something that's cool to know...you can hold places in line for others in your party until an hour before the doors open. Just be careful- depending on the time of the show as it sometimes changes due to guests arriving and last minute writing. A fun time, they're very professional and quick once things get going. Only been to this show once and the seats in the middle were ok, but the camera will block you at certain points. Go, make sure you bundle up in the winter while you wait, and enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the show, but wanted to see how it is anyway. The warm-up comedian was so lame.  He only told a couple of jokes and the rest of the time, he was telling people how to cheer and promote his own appearance somewhere. Jon Stewart was pretty good.  It was also his birthday.  The reporters were on as well.  They are lamer in person.  Neil Young was the guest.  Unfortunately, he was not there to sing. Go see the Colbert Report instead.
If you persevere through the oppressing heat and ridiculous waiting time, you will be rewarded with an awesome show! My friend and I saw the 7/24/2012 showing and it was great! We arrived at 1:30 to make sure we got good seats, and even thought we arrived an hour early, we only got numbers 53-54, which are actually great seats since we sat right in the center and had a good view of everything. Once you get inside the air-conditioned studio (THANK THE LORD), they proceed to screen you and make you go through metal detectors and such. Once you are seated, there's more waiting involved (I'm guessing around 30 minutes) complete with loud music from  a funky playlist filled with songs from the 90's, 80's and everything inbetween. In the beginning, another comedian (Paul Mercurio?) comes out and tries to rile up the audience by asking some questions. He then proceeds to emphasize the importance that everyone clap and laugh 2x as loud as they would at home for a good effect on television. He was pretty funny but was also a little over eager in selling his own comedy acts. Then Jon Stewart comes out to get to know the audience! Everyone's so happy to finally meet the guy after 2-3 hours of intense heat and waiting that the whole stage gets pretty loud. He asks a couple questions and makes the audience laugh some more. Then the show starts and it pretty much is a 25 minute taping jammed with a lots of laughs and swear words. It was awesome when John Oliver and Lewis Black showed up! And of course, the special guest for the hottest day of the summer is none other than Matthew Mcconaughey. So all in all, it was amazing show and I'm looking forward to coming again!
Let me clarify: Jon = 5, everything else = 4. It is not fair to compare The Daily Show to The Colbert Report (or Jon and Stephen, for that matter), but it is inevitable after seeing both shows live (I gave Colbert 5 stars). Went to The Daily Show with my sister and two friends.  Showed up around 1:45pm and ended up in the first batch of fans waiting for physical tickets.  After tickets are handed out around 2pm, you can leave the line and return around 4:30pm to enter the studio  (entrance/seating is determined by your ticket number).  I found the release from the confines of a line to be particularly nice, considering that the studio is next to a horse stable (Jon addressed the unpleasant smell of horse manure during his Q&A). The episode was hilarious and Jon was spot-on, going through the taping amusingly and without any retakes (unfortunately for us, that meant the taping was very short).  Larry King was the guest that night; my friend found him surprisingly lucid for a "90 year old guy".  If you can, attend a Wednesday night taping because that is when he films the opening weekly segment for the international edition. I did not give the experience a perfect rating due to frustrations related to seating.  The woman in charge of seating arrangements was definitely bitchy and gave my friend an attitude when my friend kindly inquired about the mysterious front row seating (turns out it is for VIPs and irritatingly enough, stragglers).  The first wave of attendees are made to sit all the way in the left corner, facing the second on-stage VIP area, behind a huge camera and right by the computers.  These were some of the worst seats in the studio, which is anything but a reward for early arrival/patient waiting.  The only perk to these seats was that we had clear view of the prompters and could follow the script along with Jon.  He ad libs quite a bit and substitutes the script's many "wow"s with various profanities.  Jon Stewart is a saucy man, indeed. In any case, I would love to go again and will try to make yet another Wednesday taping.  I'll probably try to squeeze into the third batch of attendees in order to sit in the center.
I made a whole day trip out of seeing The Daily Show.  It was a brisk, cold January day.  A friend of mine and I grabbed a Peter Pan bus and came down from Springfield for some good ol' Daily Show goodness.  We spent nearly three hours freezing our butts off outside to be sure that we'd get into the studio and into the taping, despite having gotten tickets beforehand. But it was absolutely worth every freezing moment, every tired moment on the bus ride back having to sit through the terrible movie that's on the bus TV, and the terrible snow-covered drive back up to Amherst afterwards, where visibility had gone down to zero. Going inside that studio, seeing where the guests sit and how it's all set up, being there as the funny happens, that is absolutely worth freezing your butt off.   The important thing you have to do with the regular tickets is get there early.  I mean really early.  Yes, you will probably have to make an afternoon of it, but it's still absolutely worth it, to be able to say you were there, because it is that funny (even beforehand), and because it's Jon freakin' Stewart.
My love for Jon Stewart and The Daily Show knows no bounds.  I've been to maybe five or so live tapings, and I keep bringing different groups of friends along with me for the ride.   The show is amazing on TV, but when you show up to the free (FREE (FREEEEEEEEEEEE)) tapings, you get to interact with Jon Stewart through a quick Q and A session, and you get to see how funny he is even when he's off camera.  People ask all sorts of weird questions ranging from asking him how to get on the show (Be a congregant at Temple Beth El, and you're on your way!), to who his favorite Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle is. My best Daily Show experience was probably in 2000, when there was a live broadcast on the night of the Bush/Gore election.  Being their on the cluster$%#& of a night was simply spectacular. Tickets are hard to get, and you'll have to wait a bit outside (which can be brutal in the cold), but it is spectacularly worth it.  As if I really needed to tell you that.
CRAZY. I went on the Monday after Bin Laden was taken out. So you can imagine the delay as they re-wrote and re-wrote. Kind of a surreal experience. What I would imagine being inside a tv set is like. I got there at 3pm and had no problem getting a ticket that would let me inside. Actually had pretty rad seats. The warm up guy is funny but I forgot his name. And I was pretty sure some young gay club boy was djing until it switched to metal and I turned around and saw this old dude.. i was again, surreal.
My sister ended up getting tickets for the 5/7 show with Mindy Kaling (who btw is my hero). It's exactly as everyone described. We got there at 1:30 and there was already a huge line. Tickets were promptly distributed at 2:30 and we came back at 4:30. We were seated by 5:15 after rushing to use the bathroom since no one can leave once you're in the studio. Overall it was a great experience. I loved that Jon Stewart really does engage with the audience before and during the taping. Even though we were in the studio for just an hour, it was definitely worth it.
I really wish I could give you a 3.5.  This experience was better than a 3 but not quite a 4. Standing in line for over two hours in a foot cast sucked, especially after we watched you let other people sit inside who just didn't feel like standing in line.  You have seats for handicapped people inside the front door, a cast indicates that.  But thank you for letting us sit in the front row of the audience as it was more accessible than climbing stadium seating.   But I digress.  The warm up guy was genuinely not funny, doing poorly chosen comedy of just making fun of random people in the crowd awkwardly, efering to himself as "the Fat Val Kilmer."  He wasn't funny, we were glad when he finished.  But then when John Stewart came out his answering crowd questions was pretty cool and he is as quick-witted as you expect him to be. The show moved far faster than expected.  It was like watching it at home on the couch (if the couch were seated in a refrigerator).  Our view was partially obstructed and it was very hard to hear, almost like we were on a delay.   The funniest part of the entire show was the time he spent talking to Steven Colbert.  Now that guy's funny.  That's a show I need to go see.
A few things... - As everyone else has said...get there early. - Dont drink a lot of water or you'll be peeing all day like the crazy lady who must've gone to the bathroom a dozen times in about 60 minutes. - That said she could have a coke problem and just needed a bump every few minutes...so dont bring any coke. - Reserve your tickets online. If you dont, you're a moron. - Bring some energy because if you dont, you'll be chided by the surprisingly decent comic who warms up the crowd. - Jon Stewart is indeed a short man. He's also Jewish...and apparently hairy...and the master of TMI. - The show is free and it's awesome.
I went to the Daily Show back in September and it was so much fun.  I just live up the street; but, thank God I got there early (like 2 hrs prior and there were probably 100 people in front of me).  The best is when the little intern/troll comes out and goes over the rules about not talking to Jon.  Once in he does a really great Q&A. Prepared to be shocked...while I knew the correspondents weren't really on location, I figured they were in another room in the studio on the blue screen....nope they are like 10 feet away from Jon in front of the audience.
If you're in NY and have the time, definitely take the opportunity to go!  Hell, its free! A last minute whim, I checked online and was able to get a ticket for that very day.  Had to stand in line in the freezing cold for an hour (draw back) but luckily, they took pity on us and let us in early.  Make sure to get there around 3:30 cause the line forms fairly quickly. We found out that the VIPs are the poor folks who weren't able to get in the day before.  Would suck to not get in but its nice that they do something to make up for it. Make sure to leave your guns and knives at home.  The security check  was pretty extreme.  And they're serious about not using your cell phone once you're in the studio - saw the phone Nazis bust a couple of of folks who were trying to be subversive. There was a warm-up comedian who came out before hand who was pretty good.  Then Jon came out before the show and took some questions from the audience.  Very casual, very personable, very funny. Didn't have any big named guest but it was still great to be there and be a part of the audience.   Definitely worth the wait.
This guy is one of my personal heroes. Seriously. My girlfriend and I went to both the Daily Show and the Colbert Report. Here is an objective analysis: First, I completely agree with the previous reviewer who suggested going in the warmer months. We went the Stewart's show in February and the three hour wait was BRUTAL!!! We went to the Report in April and it was a much nicer experience. Show up early and you won't have to worry about being turned away, but having said that everyone in line both times I went got into the show and some who waited in the on call line got in too. I've only heard smarmy internet rumors about people not getting in and have never even heard accounts of anyone I know who went being turned away. The Daily Show audience is double the size of the Colbert Report. Both studios look much, much smaller in person. It's pretty neat to see how the camera lens makes it look. It was pretty cool to see how they do their "blue screen" stuff, too. They don't actually use a blue or green screen, instead they stand in front of a LED screen that has a picture or animation of wherever the character is suposed to be. Both shows had a comedian to warm up the crowd. It's hard to say which was better, but as for the Q & A session, Colbert takes the win. Now, Jon Stewart is IMO better than Colbert, but only in my mind because Colbert is a "character". If you meet him on the street you won't be talking to the affable self-absorbed Conservative you see on TV. If you were to meet Stewart, you're meeting Jon Stewart, the one you see on the show. Still, Stephen Colbert is a machine. A hilarious, quick witted, instantaneous responding, genius. People were asking him the stupidest questions and with not a moments hesitation he had the audience in stitches. The ad libs he had with the crowd even carried over and got callback references while the show was taping that you wouldn't get unless you were there before the show. He also throws wrist strong bracelets into the crowd. The Daily Show had no such freebies. Jon Stewart is a brilliant guy too, but he's more thoughtful before he answers. He's also a little more gracious and humble than Colbert. Regardless of everything I just said, if you can make it to either of the shows, it's a win.
I was amazingly fortunate one summer day in June 2005.  I just graduated from college, and didn't have a job yet so I had lots of free time.  I received a call from my friend Ysabel who had won tickets to the Daily Show but was up in Massachusetts living and working and wouldn't be able to make it down for the show.   "Could I go?" she asked. "Hell yes!" I was able to bring two other friends, and we stood in line circa 3pm (hence why not having a job was useful) for the Daily Show.  We didn't have to wait too long or maybe it just didn't seem too long b/c we were there to talk and keep each other company. The experience itself was fabulous!  Before they start taping, Jn comes out and introduces himself and takes questions from the crowd.  One of my friends and I each asked a question, and Jon was pleasantly sarcastic/mocking in his responses.  He's so funny. Then the show started and it was hilarity.  The only negative thing was the guest - it was the singer who was 2nd place in American Idol from the 2005 season - the Southern guy with long hair.  He seemed like he was trying to be funny, but uh...he wasn't.   Regardless, it was a great time & I was beaming with joy when I left.  I would do it again if the opportunity came up.  Highly recommend it if you are a Daily Show/Jon Stewart fan.
John Stewart = Genius. I have yet to attend a taping of the show, but I am a loyal watcher.  Forever mocking the deserving idiotic in the political media Stewart (and now Colbert) bring joy to me for one hour each day. Now that I am officially a New Yorker I will have to get myself together and head over to watch a taping.
Maybe I'm a little jaded since I've seen Colbert twice already but I didn't think going to The Daily Show was the most spectacular experience of my life like many others here. Could it be it's because I find Colbert to be far superior in terms of cleverness and Colbert makes actual jokes rather than making faces at the camera as a punchline? Not to say that Jon Stewart isn't funny! He is! And his studio is twice the size of Colbert's, which means twice as many people can be in the audience (about 210 or so). But this means the line is twice as long... and you'll be waiting, believe me. Outside, no less. Then again, for any TV show taping anywhere you'll have to wait, so for anyone who is expecting to just breeze in and stand around for fifteen minutes: yeah right! Try and reserve tickets at least a few months in advance. They're free! I unexpectedly received notification that mine would be the day before a good friend's birthday, so I brought her and her boyfriend along. We arrived at 3:30 and there was already quite a long line. You're allowed to have friends meet you up until 4:30 but after that, no dice. They finally let us in (us in the back) at about 5:45. And brother, it was cold out there standing around in February! So beware the weather! Warm-up guys are usually spotty (to make the star of the show look all the better); our guy wasn't bad. Then Jon came out and answered several questions. He seemed very "on", like he was in performer mode already, very unlike Colbert who you was more down to earth pre-show. John Hodgeman did a spot during the show! That was exciting. The show itself was okay. Like I said, I'm more of a Colbert fan. Since we went on a Wednesday, after that night's show was finished taping, Jon did an intro spot for the international edition of TDS for CNN. So that was cool. If you're visiting New York or are a HUGE Jon Stewart/Daily Show fan, I say this to you: go if you can. Why not? It's one of those "only in New York" sort of things, right? But if you have better things to do, then do them, because this whole process was about 3 and a half hours from standing in line to the end of the show.
Fun fun fun. The show was great and I want to pack up Jon and carry him around, but that's besides the point. Expect to wait outside for a minimum of 2 hours.  There is a deli nearby so if you're there with someone, one of you can go get tea or a light snack.  They eventually come around and give out tickets.  Then they read you all the rules you must abide by before they throw you into the middle of 11th avenue.   No cell phones (you can have them but they must be shut off by the time you go in), no cameras (same as the phone rule), no gum, no moving once they seat you within the studio. The studio is smaller than it appears on TV.  But it's better that way since everything is right in front of you.  Before the show begins, they have a comedian come out and pick on people around the audience then Jon comes out for about 10 minutes and listens to people brag about how they took the China Town Bus (god bless their soul) just to see him.  Then the show begins. I do have to say, going in there is like airport security.  You have to put EVERYTHING (including belts and change) into a small bin, walk through the metal detector, then situate yourself.  You'd think you were going through customs at JFK. Good time.  Can't wait to go again.
Lots of great tips here already so I won't waste time repeating too much of what's already been said -- scroll down and read people's reviews, as they are incredibly insightful and (based on my experience) accurate. Do it! We waited in the rain after arriving at 2:45 pm... thankfully they have an awning, so it wasn't too wet. As others have said, completely worth the wait. This is not NBC. What that means is -the studio is small -security is tight, slow, and thorough -all their staff are SUPER polite! Seriously -on that last point - I must emphasize it... every person we came into contact with was polite, respectful, and generally lovely. That's everyone from the crowd control people outside, to the person taking your ticket, to the security guy going through your handbag, to the ushers showing you your seat, to the warmup comedian, to Mr. S himself. Unlike at other show tapings I've been to, you never feel like just some loser standing in the rain, no one ever yells at you... they always say "Please" and "Thank you" (which this Canadian totally appreciates!). My future ex-husband (a.k.a. Jon Stewart) actually talks to the audience ad-lib before the show.. nothing is scripted or "planted"... he's very natural and you'll appreciate his candor. He doesn't talk to you like he's a bigshot... he is pretty natural and if you end up talking to him, you'll probably find yourself feeling natural, too. Oh, and you will laugh. :)
I don't know anyone who works for TDS so I got lucky and booked these tickets WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY in advance. Anyway, other than the long wait in line in the cold, Jon Stewart definitely made it all worthwhile.  I think what held up the wait so long was the archaic security checkpoint where they only had 2 metal detectors and like 2 guy patting you down but I'm sure there was a bunch of stuff as well that I don't remember.   The set was surprisingly small but then again, I've only seen everything on TV so I was expecting the Ed Sullivan Theater. Anyway, there were bright lights, plastic chairs, and the temperature was just right but then again my friends and I were seated under these bright lamps which helped us warm up. The studio seats at least 200 people and if you arrive late but managed to get a ticket, you won't be able to sit with your party like that poor dude who was separated from his 7mth pregnant wife.  BUMMER. Anyway, Paul Mercurio was the warmup guy and tons of rehearsals for cheering and rules about no shout-outs.  Understandable, since it gets annoying after awhile to hear on TV, "JON, you're hair is AWESOME!" or "JON, you're HOT." Then, Mr. Stewart himself comes up and jokes with the crowd and you feel the energy level rise. The 2 girls in front of me kept doing this flirty move of tossing their hair and giggling at everything Jon said, which to me is annoying and highly amusing at the same time - like he's going to care or notice them? Joy Behar was the guest and I've always liked her from The View since she's always been pretty funny.  John Oliver did the segment piece but was bummed he wasn't actually in the studio.  The English Accent would have completed my whole night. Overall, it was a pretty cool experience seeing how a taping is conducted.   Other than that, they are pretty strict with pictures.  Some girl took a picture of the set and one of the security guards zoomed in right in her face and asked her to delete the photos.   SUCKS FOR YOU.  OBEY JON'S RULES
Apparently, the system has changed (maybe just in winter months? I don't know) - it seems that you no longer wait in line, you go and pick up your ticket (first come, first served, as always) and just show up again at 4:45. We didn't show up until 3 (I'd gone in September, gotten there at 2, and been #132 in line - we figured the cold would mean getting there at 3 would get us decent seats) and wound up just barely making the cut - we were numbers 200-204, I believe. Some of our friends had reservations, too, but the staff said they'd run out of tickets by the time our friends went to pick theirs up (a few minutes past 3, I think?). So that kind of sucked. I wish we'd known the system had changed. Anyway, those of us who had our tickets wound up ultimately getting in (although they don't let you in right at 4:45, so be prepared to freeze your balls off for a little while). The warm-up guy (Paul) was way better than the last time I went to TDS, so that was good. The Q&A with Jon was pretty good, although it was more interesting than funny, if that makes sense. My friend got her question answered, so that was cool. I also learned that when given Kim Jong-Il, Hosni Mubarak, and George Bush as options in a game of Fuck/Marry/Kill, Jon would marry Bush, fuck Mubarak ("he's in a coma, how bad could it be?"), and kill Kim Jong-Il. So yeah. The show itself was funny, as expected, although I think I prefer Colbert just because he's more engaged with the audience. We got a pretty long taping because they rewrote one section that hadn't really gone over well and retaped it while we were there, which was cool. Lisa Ling exceeded my expectations as an interviewee, which was also nice. So yeah. Basically, get there early, freeze to death around 4:45, and enjoy.
I have been trying to get tickets to attend this show for over a year now!  The overall experience was awesome!  I took one friend and we randomly got assigned first row seats.   The only drawbacks are the amount of time necessary, and the early time that you have to get there.  We got there around 2:30pm on a Tuesday afternoon, and were still numbers 141-142.  You end up killing a lot of time in the area, luckily there's a Subway next door (in case you took off from work early and didn't have time to eat lunch because you were rushing to get there on time!), and a park across the street.  You have a couple hours to kill and have to get back in line by 4:30 pm.  Then you stand...for a long time.   They are VERY strict about the use of NO electronics within the studio - a total shame!  And very strict about going to the bathroom PRIOR to entering the studio.   There was a comedian who entertained us for ~10 minutes prior to Jon Stewart coming in.  He tried to amp up the audience, and set us up to be a boisterous crowd.  Jon Stewart comes in and talks to the audience for ~5-6 minutes before the taping starts.  Overall, the show lasts around 30 minutes, but it was a great experience to see how it's made!
It was free, entertaining and pretty funny... But the experience wasn't so great overall. Long lines to get into seating that is far away from the stage. You can barely hear Jon speak, either its a super acoustically poor room or he doesn't project... They don't even have the volume up on the speakers so you can barely hear him speak, even with the speakers on. I saw Colbert the day before and this was nothing in comparison. Colbert offers a much better experience, he seems more into his show and trying to make sure you have a good time. If you can go see Colbert, much better. Otherwise if you've it free time and love the daily show you will definitely enjoy yourself.
After an epic fail in the summer of 2010, I made my triumphant return to the corner of 11th Ave and 52nd street on November 12th of this year...and this time, I was victorious. How early you have to show up in order to be assured a ticket is directly related to what time of year it is, the weather that day, and who the guest is that night. We showed up about 55 minutes early in August 2010 (busy tourist season) and the line was cut off about 10 people in front of us. This time, we arrived 1 hour and 10 minutes before tickets were handed out, and we were near the front of the line, receiving ticket numbers 56-59. Be warned that there is a fair amount of waiting involved. You'll wait about an hour to get tickets, and then you have 1-1.5 hours to go get a drink or some grub, and then you'll come back to wait more. It takes a long time to get ~150 people through one metal detector and into their audience seats. Be warned that you won't be able to use the restroom once you get inside, so maybe spend some of the waiting time visiting the ladies room. Be warned that, once inside the studio, you'll have to wait *another* 30-45 minutes before the warm-up comedian comes out, prove that you can laugh loudly for the cameras, and THEN Jon Stewart will finally come out. But...be warned. It will be worth it. Gov. Mike Huckabee was the guest for our show (it was a Monday night show, no news team correspondents unfortunately) and Jon Stewart was so good at ~respectfully~ ripping the guy a new one. He answered questions from the audience beforehand (my BF got to ask one!) and seems like a really cool guy. He is, however, working, so once the cameras go on, his interaction with the audience kind of disappears. All in all, glad we went through the trouble and waiting. It was great to finally get tickets and see the show! And now I have a copy of Mike Huckabee's book to give someone as a gag gift.
I went a the taping around May 20th. Months before I wanted to go but I never saw that they had any available seats until I look about a week before and I saw exactly 1 opening! I know that it probably does have a great availability  the day of the taping but I was still pretty excited to get the only seat available . I got to the taping around 2:40 or so which made me the 3rd person in line. Like everyone said, make sure to bring something to do cause the wait can be kind of boring especially if you go alone. I did strike up a conversation with the lady in front of me though. The line stated at around 10 people for the most for a few hours till about 4 when it started to wrap around. The show itself was AMAZING. I had a pretty good seat - in the front row. I was surprised how much of the show was unscripted. I have to admit though - the audience laughing was loud enough that I did have to go home and catch the episode to hear some of the jokes I missed, but I contributed my fair share of the laughs. The best part was when Jon incorporated one of the jokes from the little Q and A before the show into the show - might have sounded a little off to a viewer at home but it was awesome for the audience.   Overall, Id say if you're visiting NY, you should try your best to make it to a showing - you wont regret it
Broadly, this was a really amazing experience. I thought Yelp was really helpful for figuring how how the ticket system works, so wanted to pass along my experience: 1. If you haven't been able to secure tickets online ahead of time, check again around 9am the day of the show you want to attend. Comedy Central emails all the people with reserved tickets and asks them to cancel if they can no longer attend 2. They start handing out tickets at 2:30pm. I showed up around 2pm, and got ticket number 116. There aren't an absurd number of seats, so it's not a big deal if you aren't in the front row 3. Once you get your ticket, you're released and asked to come back at 4:30. Lots of waiting around. Because the tickets in step 2 are numbered, there's not benefit to showing up earlier 4. More waiting once you get in the studio 5. A warm-up comedian comes out to ramp up the crowd 6. Jon comes out and answers a few questions from the crowd. I enjoyed the staff's suggestions of "don't be creepy" with your questions 7. They do the show straight through, pausing for commercial breaks 8. We were out around 6:45pm!
Thank goodness I read the reviews here before we went! Anyways, the people running TDS have their stuff together when it comes to running their show.  They come out periodically to give you updates on what is happening and to hand out tickets/validate parking.   Definitely bring a picnic to eat and get there early! We were there around 3 and still got tickets 143 and 144. They only let 239 people into the theater so make sure that you are there early enough or prepare to be dissapointed. Don't bring anything you can't bring to an airport, they screen before you go in! Totally worth the wait!!
My dad and I arrived just before 3:30 and had no issues getting into the show.  Of course it was random boring author guy, so that could of helped. You show up at 3:30 you wait until 4:30. . at 4:30 or so they hand out tickets (they seemed to have plenty). You go inside and wait some more (oh and use the restroom before going in - just wait until you get your yellow ticket then go). The warm up guy was hilarious.  The best part of the show was Jon Stewart answering questions from the audience, my favorite was "so why can't we Hug and Kiss you" which Jon Stewart explained very well, the guy is a comedian with a rapier wit and it is amazing to see. Too bad I didn't go for Huckabee, I guess if I go again I'll get in line earlier than 3:30.
Great staff. Very efficient. The lady directing us is cool. I want her job. But I'd prob mess it up. Hehe. Good job. I went on the day my friend was on the show!!!! Woohoo. He did great and I think I fell a little in love with Jon Stewart. He's so funny and witty an smart. We were in and out in great time. Wow. I'll go again if I get VIP tix like this time around. Don't think I'll stand in line.
We didn't get in, lol.  So that really sucked.  But they do offer you a VIP pass for another show - which was worthless since we were only in NYC over the weekend.   Pretty crappy system :/
I saw the show while John Oliver was hosting, and I had a fantastic time. All of the reviews I was reading said to get there super early. I think I got there sometime between 1:30 and 2:00 and I was around #66. I didn't think the line was that long, but it could be because it was John Oliver's first week hosting. The super cool thing about ticket distribution is that after you get your ticket around 2:30, you can leave and you don't really have to be back until 4:30, 4:45ish. There is a bar across the street called American Retro that will give you a drink discount with your ticket! All of the employees were very nice and the process of getting in the doors at 5:00 was very efficient. There is quite a wait between when you're seated and when the warm-up comedian, so be prepared to sit around and wait. After the show gets started though, it's a blast. Lewis Black had a segment at the taping I went to! You get done with more than enough time to go out and do other things with your evening afterwards. Easily one of the best for-free experiences in the city! I highly recommend seeing John Oliver!
You ever have that moment where you're watching TV (usually any of the big name news networks, politics, etc.) and think, "ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!" So does Jon Stewart. Except he has a national audience. And we don't. I think he truly shines when he interviews on other shows as the guest (see Larry King, Crossfire, Charlie Rose, etc.) and you'll notice his genuine concern with certain decisions that are being made for our country and a blatant outrage at what passes for news today. Or watch one of his interviews with anyone from the GOP (they are good sports for coming on the show). It's some of the most captivating ten minutes of television. And then he'll do a bit like this: thedailyshow.com/video/i… Where you just can't help but chuckle.
I heart the daily show, so of course I had a great time. The very long outdoor wait sucks, and I am talking about after you get your ticket before they let you inside. Cute intern.  Bonus points.
October 18th, 2012 was my second attempt at the Daily Show.  Upon sending in reservations for our tickets a month before our trip my boyfriend said, "I hope it is either some crap economist no one cares about... or the President of the United States," unfortunately we got the wrong end of that deal therefore we did not get in to see show (we were a sad 20 people away from making it in...) Waiting in line was actually pretty fun! We were at the front of the second line so we got to talk to the security guard and listen to his interactions with others.  He was a really cool guy too!  As we waited we got to see several correspondents coming back from lunch, including one of whom my boyfriend swears checked him out...a clear lie because later that day he was claiming she secretly slipped him her phone number, it's a slippery slope my friend. We also go to see Tim Gunn, I don't know why, but he was there.   The experience did lose a star because of some of the jerks in line.  They were continually harassing the guards with stupid questions to which they calmly addressed the same way each time- it is first come first serve jackass.  If the guest is the damn President and they had out tickets at 1:00 don't show up at 12:30- you aren't that special! Their system is not trickery or fine print- it is very clear, you may not get in. Overall, this was a lovely experience, it would have been better had we made it through the doors, but still a cool experience... we did have a cool question if anyone wants to borrow it in the next week.  "John, for Halloween I am going to be you- who will you be?  Please ask the President the same question- it is very important for my vote."
Awesome! I would come back and watch this show live every day if I could... and, if I didn't mind waiting outside for 2 hours to get in! The line started filling up and getting pretty long at 3:30. However, it was all very well-organized. Once in the studios, everything rocked! The warm-up guy, whose name is Paul Mecurio, was great. Basically, he made fun of everyone in the audience and was extremely entertaining at doing so. Then, Jon Stewart came out and talked to us for about 10 minutes which was so much fun. The show couldn't have been better and the whole experience was so good I would definitely do it again.
I've been watching the Daily Show ever since Jon Stewart took over but I never thought about actually watching the show live, and as fate called I was able to book tickets to both Colbert and Daily Show within 2 months of each other. The pre-show drill is the same as Colbert, get there early . They suggest 4, but I would suggest at least 2:30-3 if you want a closer seat (not that it matters, you'll get a great view no matter where).  Don't break out the phones though, I saw a few people get their phones taken away.  The warmup comedian was hilarious, and Stewart came out to take questions (One person asked him how he felt when he announced that Obama has won the election).  The guest the day I went was Ron Howard.   As I've said in my review of The Colbert Report, the show is great but being there is even greater.  Definitely worth the wait to get in.
Jon Stewart rules with honerable mention for Colbert. I'm not a liberal, I'm not a Conservative, I'm a centrist. eitherway i lean on anything - i love good, smart, intelligent, and still goofy political satire and discussion. you ever wonder why niether have ever been in the foot in the mouth situations as thier ass countermarts like Mahr or Odonnel?! or Beck ?!
Saw the taping for today (7/19/09).  Out of sheer luck, a spot opened up for tickets on the website about a week ago.  Arrived around 3:30, but my friend and I were in the middle of the line, so I suggest getting there even earlier.   We waited in the rain for about two hours, but it was okay because there was an overhead.  There are virtually no bad seats in the studio because the seats are on risers.  I sat in the back row, dead center and still had an amazing view. Definitely worth the wait, especially if you're a fan of Jon Stewart.  He is much funnier off camera and please, do ask him questions!
I reserved my tickets before Christmas for the Feb 6th show and I was so excited for the day to come! You don't have to reserve tickets that early; in fact, if you have a random day free you can check the website that day and they could have tickets still available. My husband and I reserved 4 tickets each. There's no penalty for not using the tickets so we just reserved the maximum that you can reserve per person, thinking that if a lot of friends would be able to come in the end, we would have tickets for them. In the end we only brought 4 people so even if you are unable to get tickets but really want to go to the taping one day, you can try going to the line and seeing if anyone reserved more tickets than they needed. They sent me an email that I reserved the tickets but I had to send a confirmation back. The email said that tickets would be handed out at 2:30 PM. On the day of, I got done with my errands surprisingly early and I was able to get to the line by 1 PM. My friends joined me on the line by 1:30. I bought a book and snack to keep myself preoccupied while waiting on the line. I noticed the people in front of me brought a blanket to sit on the ground with and what seemed like a 4 course picnic. They were pulling sandwiches, salads, chips, cake and drinks out of their bags, which I thought was a little much but whatever you need to do to pass the time while waiting. Definitely dress warmly if you are coming in the winter. Bring your hat, scarf, mittens, whatever you have. On the day I went, it was 40 degrees which is a rather warm day for winter in NY but when you are standing outside doing nothing for an hour and a half, even 40 degrees can seem like 10 degrees. Promptly, at 2:30 PM, a man emerges and starts handing out tickets. My group got numbers 8-11. We were told to come back at 4:30 PM to line up. After walking around the block a bunch of times, we decided on American Retro, the bar that's right on 11th and 51st to wait in. We wanted to go to the diner on 10th and 52nd but for some reason they were closed that day. At around 4:00 we came back to the line thinking that if we were early we may get in earlier. Wrong thinking: they told us to come back right at 4:30. Coming a minute earlier would not do any good. We then sat around Subway for the extra half hour and went back to the line. When we came back, there were partitions set up. Numbers 1-20 were in one partition, 20-40 were in another and so on. Since we were in the beginning, we went inside and through security first. They tell you to use the bathroom during this which is the last time you can use the bathroom until the taping is over. Security was tough, definitely tougher than some of the airports I have gone through. I had to take off every single piece of jewelry and then even my belt. I remember for a fact, going through security in Fort Lauderdale airport, I did not have take off any of these. After going through security, we waited in the entrance room for another 30 minutes before we were led into the taping room. The people who were VIP sit in the front left of the room. If they don't fill up the VIP section, they allow the beginning numbers to sit there. We were not so lucky and we got seated in the far left corner of the room. We were pretty miffed that even though we had such good numbers we were seated in a far corner when people who had numbers in the 70s to 100s were being seated in the middle of the room, even closer to the front. Later we realized that the camera and teleprompter is right in the middle so maybe those people were actually blocked. After everyone is seated, a warm up guy comes out and does an act while telling us to laugh during the show. The warm up guy was hilarious! I wouldn't mind seeing him for an entire show! After him, Jon Stewart comes out. He was really funny and even though the guest during our taping was not the most responsive person, Jon did the best he could. We were seated right behind a screen that showed the teleprompter words so it was interesting to see how Jon read the lines and how he ad libbed at times. Our taping was on a Wednesday and on Wednesdays they tape a bit extra for the global edition which we got to see as well. We were out by 6:50 or so. Something to note is, they say don't take pictures and they mean it! There were people stationed through out the audience and it seemed like their sole purpose was on cell phone and camera check. If they catch you sneaking a picture they will come up to you and delete the pictures right off. Overall, it was a fun experience even despite all the waiting. If you come with some good friends to pass the time with, it's a great way to spend the afternoon!
Jon Stewart is as funny in person as he is on TV - maybe even more! The ticketing process goes like this after you have a confirmed reservation in hand - 1. Wait at the studio around ~1:50 pm (even though it says 2:30 pm on there). We got there at about 1:45 pm and was already number 106 and 107. I think the guaranteed seating are numbers 1 - 120; rest are sort-of wait-listed numbers with no guarantee. They start handing out numbers at 2:30, this process goes pretty fast until they run out of those yellow slips/blue slips of paper. They also tell you to come back at 4:30 pm. 2. There is really little need to come before 4:30 pm, since the door opens at 5:00 pm and by this time you go in by self-sorted line of numbers. You have to go through brief security once you are through the door. 3. There is no wait beyond this point, you are ushered into the actual studio. Stand for a second, breathe in the studio air and take in the surreal-ness of being in Dailyshow's studio, then proceed to your seats. 4. YAY! We are in. There is a pre-show stand up comedian who cracks a bunch of really great jokes and introduces Jon Stewart. Now it's the time to show some enthusiasm and love for Jon. 5. There is a fairly lengthy FAQ session with Jon, borderline weird questions are allowed. (e.g. If you are the king of onion kingdom, which onion would be your subordinates?) Jon answers each of them with his lightening fast humor reflex and fill you with a belly full of good laughs. 6. The actual show begins. You practice more enthusiasm clapping and declare love for the show (and Jon). Then sit back and enjoy the show before everyone else sees it on TV. The filming of the show goes smoothly without retakes. I'm always in awe of the professionalism with the perfection of one-time execution. 7. Jon waves to say bye and you are ushered out of the studio, cast a final glance, take comfort in the fact that you have the tiny piece of paper which shows you have been to one of the most entertaining place in NYC! Free of charge!
Amazing and tons of fun. Would do it again in a heart beat.   Basically, went there at 2:30 to pick up vouchers. We ended up with voucher numbers 101-104. Actually, we SHOULD have gotten vouchers 101-104, but we only got 101-103. The 4th person in our group didn't get a voucher(she thought someone else had gotten it,they thought she had it- long story) But... the line patrols were awesome when we explained it and they let her in without a ticket. (We told them she lost it which is what we thought happened, but then we saw someone else with voucher 104 so we figured out that she never got a voucher.) Nerve-racking, but it all worked out. Be sure you have your voucher before you leave. Returned around 4:30 to go through security.  They let people in to use the bathroom while waiting in line which is good becasue we didn't actually go in until close to 5:30 and the taping didn't start until after 6:00 pm.. It was comfortable inside temperature-wise, but do not even think about taking out your camera or phone (the woman next to me tried)- and they are lightening quick to tell you to put it away. Note: Bathroom at Subway on the corner is horrifying!  It smells worse than one of those port-o-lets at an outdoor festival.  Use the one in the basement of the Daily Show studio instead. It looked like about 10-20 stand-bys got in for this taping.  They even sat one guy on a stool on the side of the audience which was pretty decent- at least he got to see the taping. Warm up comedian was Ok, but not fabulous. He basically was hitting on a couple of women in the audience (asking them for their numbers & email addresses) and kept telling us to scream louder & louder. Boring & weak. Then Jon came out and he immediately took questions from the audience.  They ranged from bizarre "What is the first law would you pass if you were the president of an all -female country?" to advice "If I want to get into comedy, what route should I take"  to funny "Are you looking for a younger better looking Asif Mandvi?" to awkward "Is it true you proposed to your wife in a crossword puzzle?" (The last one came from a woman who Jon knew b/c she used to work w/ his wife. Seemed sorta strange that she would use her inside information to ask him a question at a taping, but it was a true story & he seemed to be OK with it) Jon  was so nice & down to earth when he answered and then he/his writers  found a way to work the first question into his opening bit during the taping ("Apparently I was just named as the ruler of VAGINASTAN") It was hilarious. The taping  went quicky, no mistakes or re-dos.  There was a hliariously funny  video by Asif Mandvi about two-headed fish from some polluted lakes. Asif was actually standing along side our seats watching the video and the audience reaction. And we could tell he was  looking for the guy who asked Jon if he was looking  for a "younger better looking Asif Mandvi."  It was quite funny to watch him. Jon was gracious and thanked the audience after the taping before he left the studio,  It was over by 6:45.
As a former Los Angeles resident, I have attended my fair share of TV tapings. I am even a veteran being an extra and also a game show contestant.  I am well-aware of how much time you spend waiting around as opposed to sitting for the actual show.  I was prepared for this experience to be no different.  Surprisingly, it wasn't too bad. Here's the best way to get tickets to The Daily Show with Jon Stewart: -- Follow The Daily Show on Twitter or Like them on Facebook.  This is where they do announcements that show tickets are available usually about a month in advance.  When you click the link, it's usually about a week or two of shows that are available and they have the number of tickets they have for that show. You just put the amount of tickets you want and you will get a confirmation e-mail. Keep in mind that just because you reserve tickets, does not mean you are in. --On the day of the show, bring your e-mail confirmation and go to the studio early to pick up a number.  You want a YELLOW ticket.  This guarantees you entry in the first group, for the most part.  The only people who might be ahead of you are the folks who got rejected before, they are given a GREEN ticket and get priority.  The group people in sections of 20 all the way up to 120 (those are the YELLOW TICKETS).  It's confusing on the e-mail because it says to get there at 4pm, but really, you should go to the studio like at 12 or something to get a number and then come back around 430 or so to line up in your section.  When we got there (around 3pm) I was lucky to get the last yellow ticket.  It didn't matter that my boyfriend got a BLUE ticket because he was with me and I reserved two seats.  They are really good at letting you sit together with your group if at least one of you gets a YELLOW ticket. --You do not have to hang out in line as long as you have a ticket beforehand. That's the key.  GET A YELLOW TICKET. This means going to the studio at least two times. One time to get your ticket around noon or before that and then the second time to wait in your group. --Keep in mind that the number on your ticket makes no difference, it's just the color of it.  All the seats in the studio are good and you are not seated based on that number anyway.  They just seat you where they need you.  People with BLUE tickets do get inside also, just not all of them. The capacity is around the 250 mark so if you have a number below that, you should be fine. --No photos in the studio..duh!   Be prepared to have your stuff searched and you will go through a metal detector.  And bring a little sweater as it can get a little chilly in there. --HAVE FUN!  This is a fun show to sit in on and Jon Stewart likes to get to know his audience and comes out and takes questions. He's a naturally funny and warm person.  We lucked out that the guest, Tom Hanks was also funny and warm and they played off of each other well. If you are a fan of the show and live in NYC or are visiting NYC, I recommend this! Good times all around!
Phenomenal, fantastic, Witty and brilliant!  Keep it up!!!
Being a social media networking mavin, my girlfriend learned of the precise moment that the Daily Show was opening up dates for tickets to see their show.  We quickly snagged two tickets for a random date off in late June with no possible hint as to who the guest would be.   Unfortunately, reserving and being confirmed for two tickets does not guarantee entry to the show as they often overbook.  They give out pink (VIP) tickets to anyone turned away from a show to come back again.  That sounds nice, but those people will automatically be in front of you no matter how early you arrive; so there is that to contend with.  Next up are the yellow tickets for those with reservations.  I think they said something about showing up by 4:30pm to claim a ticket.  This is nonsense!  We arrived at 2:55pm, and my girlfriend snagged the very last yellow ticket, number 120 in our case.  This left me with a blue ticket, number 121.  Blue tickets are considered stand-by and are only admitted after all the yellow and pinks have been admitted.  Moral:  95 minutes early is way too late to pick up a reserved ticket.  Definitely go earlier.  Fortunately, I was recognized as being with my girlfriend, so my blue ticket became an honorary yellow ticket for the purpose of entering.   After waiting in the line for awhile, we passed through a security detector which required removal of the belt and emptying of the pockets.  It went rather smoothly, and all of a sudden, we were abruptly in the studio being seated.  If you are wondering, they do have bathrooms, 4 in total, on the lower level, but you must use them before going into the studio.   We had second row seats (ticket numbers have nothing to do with seating), but it didn't matter because every seat afforded an excellent view of the studio.  We sat through a number of growingly loud rock songs from yesteryear and were treated to an opening comic that relied heavily on engaging the audience.  We were encouraged to be really loud and practiced yelling a few times to get warmed up.  Then Jon Stewart came out, made jokes, and answered questions from the crowd.  He was remarkably funny in person and remarkably short for that matter.  Great guy with a nice warm feel about him -- much much more likable than Letterman in person.   And then he took his seat and the show began.  It's 22 minutes and goes by in a hurry!  It was cool seeing Aasif Mandvi and Samantha Bee giving dueling dialogues from their respective green screens and comparing the real-time performance to the televised version with the added backgrounds.  Jon was hilarious throughout the show, and we had special guest Tom Hanks.  What a great guy!  It was awesome watching him guide us in arm movements after the show as he lip-synced and danced to a Journey hit prior to exiting.  Tom can really strut!   Great times all around -- highly recommend for the experience!  This was the best television taping I have been to yet.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.  I'm a huge Daily Show fan but the person I went with isn't (crazy Republican).  Anyhow, even she like the show.  I felt like a kid going to Disneyland for the first time.  I was literally bouncing up and down in my seat with excitement.  And the rockin' music they played helped, and the phenomenal stereo system makes your seats vibrate with bass which is like a mini chair massage.  Ever thought about opening a Daily Show dance club? We went two days in a row ... right after the Bin Laden announcement.  Great timing especially since the author there the first night was a dud.  But I'm there for Jon, not the guest. Here is the scoop: 1.) You need to reserve your tickets online in advance.  I did it about six weeks in advance and got two nights.  But I think I was lucky and the tickets can be hard to come by.  Getting a "reservation" does not guarantee entry as they give out more tickets than they have seats because some flakes don't show. 2.) Showed up at 3 pm the day of taping to get the actual tickets.  Didn't need my print out confirmation. They have a list of names.  They give you a ticket number (yellow is first seating, blue second, and don't know what comes after that).  They ask you to return around 4:30 or 4:45. 3.) You wait a bit before actually going in. On your way in you go through security which is pretty tight.  If you have a big bag, food, weapons (really?!?), be prepared to check them before entering the studio. 4.) They direct you to your seat - no negotiating.  And being there early doesn't necessarily guarantee a better seat.  Total luck of the draw but all seats are pretty good. 5.) Music.  Waiting.  Excitement.  Then the warm up comedian comes out - funny shtick.   6.) Then Mr. Stewart himself comes out and lets the audience ask him questions.  One of the best parts of the show.  He is frickin brilliant and so quick.  He may incorporate one of the random questions into the beginning of his show ... those inside random comments that when you watch from home makes you scratch your head.  Around 6:30 is when our shows started taping.  He literally does these in one take which is amazing. We were lucky in that all correspondents where there because of Bin Laden's death - again, giddy with excitement. 7.) Then they kick you out ... in a nice way. Anyhow, if you have a chance to go, highly recommended.
took forever with waiting on line, and then waiting to get in but was AMAZING. Jon put on an amazing show, as he always does. Did the extended interview as well with the guest. Little tidbit, The Daily Show is aired abroad and Jon films a different intro for those shows, was cool to see him record those!
We got there at 3:30 and there were about 100 people waiting in line. We weren't allowed to sit on the floor, leave any garbage, etc. After waiting for 2 hours, we went inside through security and into the studio. For some reason we got seated in the first row. The cameras are always moving around so they didn't block my view too much. Once you're in the studio, don't take your phone out of your pocket/bag no matter what because they will take it away. Comedian Paul Mecurio then came out to basically pick on audience members and yell at us for not shouting loud enough. He even "taught" us how to laugh. When Jon comes out, you wanna be loud anyway so I think his job is pretty pointless.. haha. After all that nonsense, fun time finally began. Jon took a couple of questions from the audience and then the show started. Guest was author of White House Ghosts, Robert Schlesinger. Favorite part was when Mr. Colbert came on (via satellite?) and they talked about Hustlers and horse manure on 11th Ave. Overall it was fun but I would never wait outside for 2 hours in extreme cold or hot weather.
Jon Stewart bitched me out.  He talks with the audience before every show.  Instead of having a warm-up act, he is his own warm-up act.  It was a Monday and I remembered that he was into NY Times crossword puzzles.  I asked him, "Did you do today's crossword puzzle?" "WHO DO YOU THINK I AM?  I'M NOT GOING TO WASTE MY TIME WITH THAT PETTY SHIT.  YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT I'M A SUNDAY CROSSWORD PUZZLE ONLY GUY.  COME ONE.  GIVE ME A BREAK!  MONDAY CROSSWORDS.  THAT'S SOPHMORIC.  I NEED A CHALLENGE.  I'M APPALLED YOU WOULD EVERY ASK ME SUCH A RIDICULOUS QUESTION.  SHIT," he yelled. I felt honored.  Jon Stewart just cussed me out.  We bonded.   Even though he's been on the air for quite some time now, still get your tickets ahead of time.  Knowing someone who works for Viacom could get you to surpass all of the waiting lines. Stewart is by far the best talk show host.  He can turn the most boring, mundane, white bread person into the most loquacious, dynamic character ever.  When we attended, his guest was a boring, yet scholarly astrophysicist.  Stewart got the astrophysicist to graphically explain how the universe is related to different sexual positions.
What more can you say about Jon Stewart other then pretty cool... Just be prepared to smell the horse stable which is next to the studio...oh that summer stench.
My fiance and I attended the April 24, 2008, taping of The Daily Show. We wound up meeting some rad new people, got The Wave going in the audience, listened to Jon Stewart be awesome without a script and even got to be in the same room as Colin Firth (!!) while he told stories about his penis.
Not only do I watch this show, but I have also been to it. I went for the first time yesterday, as an audience member, and had a great time! Jon Stewart is hilarious -- especially off-camera -- and the show was as good as always. If you want tickets, first check the site (that's what they tell you), then if there are none for the day you want, check the site again the morning of the show you want, if there are none, then go to the studio at around 3pm and wait on line. They won't let you in till about 5, but you can go standby, and if you're there that early, you have a really good chance of getting in. My friend and I reserved yesterday morning, got to the line about 3:20, and were #200/201 in line to get in. It was a really fun experience, minus the standing in line for 2 hours, and the man who was eavesdropping on our conversations the entire time. Good stuff.
