this place is a Gem.  I was first introduced to the center last year around August 2013, by chance, I met a young woman at a Zumba class who knew about this and invited me to explore. As soon as you walk in the center you feel like you are somewhere out of this orbit. No chaos from outside,  no fake people, the energy is of peace and tranquility.  Everyone there is so genuine. I've met amazing people there and all of them are very caring and compassionate.  This place is where you go to recharge your spirit with positive energy, to open your eyes and become aware of all those thoughts and feelings that control you every day. I am thankful and blessed to have found this amazing place.
One thing I  liked is the genuine attention and care the instruments in charge offered when I first went to this place looking for meditation classes. The care from them towards the students who were there just like me, looking for something different, a different method, something simple but effective to learn deeper aspects of myself ; it's on my mind. Since then, I feel like I'm at home, because every time I spend time there, either if it's for class or just a solitude moment, I get out from there with something, something that reaches a deep point  that sometimes I wasn't even aware I was looking for it. The place has a great light energy, feels like you are being cleaned from "something" around you. It's definitely my boost to keep going and going.
As I step out of the elevator and into The Meditation Center and Gallery I felt as though I was stepping into a Lotus. A feeling of joy, clarity, truth and love came to me. And then there was Peace. Pure soothing Peace, as though an Angel is present.  As I walked further in the volunteers greeted me with so much kindness, I immediately felt like I was around family. I sat in for two hours meditation that went by quickly and as I walk to get my coat it was as though my feet did not want to leave. It felt so light. I felt light and calm. What a place to be. A place with so much serenity.  I was taken back when I heard everything offered are free! From Events to Workshops and introduction to Meditation Classes. You've got to visit this huge Lotus in the middle of the city. It's the perfect place to let go the numbness of the busy city and feel your true self.
