This show is amazing and hilarious. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard during a show before. Despite the appearance of the theater, it is impressive how well put together it is for a one-man show. The actor is brilliant and interacts with the audience. (please don't bring your kids)
I thought Mr. Goffman was really funny and put on a great show!  He seems at his best in two situations: One: when going through his old fantasies interacting with girls growing up and Two: his one line cheesy zingers about old porno movie names. It was also a surprisingly nice plot progression from Andrew the teen to Andrew the post-teen to Andrew the adult. Once in a while it was a little dull sitting through a little narration of the story but that is fine. If I had one piece of advice for Mr. Goffman it would be to go a little easier on the audience.  Their are all kinds of people out there and you will not always be able to please them all no matter how hard you try, and that is OK. Pros: Funny story Solid jokes Good value - LivingSocial or other deals crazy audience members can be funny Cons: -.5 occasional dull narration -.5 audience participation sometimes turns ugly!
First, if the word 'pervert' makes you feel squeamish or put-off then stop reading this and the other reviews. This show is not for you. Mr. Goffman's one-man show about his coming of age through pornography is relatable, comic and yes, raunchy (but not classless). The roughly 1.5 hour journey from his youth to his adulthood is for the most part seamless save for the occasional prop hiccup (which becomes part of his act). While I think the show is mostly scripted, I could tell that Mr. Goffman definitely tweaks his delivery based on the audience. Yes, there is audience participation, especially if you are in the front rows. Relax and enjoy it. The theater is small, unpretentious, and familiar.  The theater staff are friendly, and funny in their own way (kudos to the stage engineer and bartender). Yes, you can watch the act with a beer in hand as there is a bar in the theater. Recommended!
A one-man show? *Cocks eyebrow* How intriguing. How "New York." A 95-year-old woman in the lazy boy in the corner who owns the building running a show with the word "pervert" in its title? How incredibly one-of-a-kind amazing. The play may be low-budget, but it is innovative and the actor is hands-down very funny. Which makes sense since he is also a stand-up comedian. Don't be afraid to participate! Be warned though, sitting in the front row may be a strain on the neck. But you get other perks ;)
Stop reading this review and go watch the show. worth the price. good night, great laughs. I wouldn't even mind going to watch this show again as audience interaction makes the each night unique from one another. *caution* you may get wet. STRONGLY RECCOMEND
Had an awesome time the show was really really good. Couldn't stop laughing. Would recommend it for sure. We were 10 of us and all of us enjoyed it.
I was here a few days ago part of the Yelp night.  I had heard of the play before, a few years ago I guess when it debuted in NYC. I enjoyed the play, it was alot of humor, raunchy you know but to the point and apparently accurate.  As a 1 man show, the show went really smoothly.  It was one of those off-broadway plays that was just a pleasure to check out.  Andrew did a great job telling us the story of his life, the yelpers and others in the crowd.  It is a tale of porn and more porn that interacts with his daily life but serves its purpose in making him a better person.  It was unexpected and hilarious.  Loved the audience interaction too, that was more than you get at most plays.
Boy I had no idea what I was getting into by attending this show. You will be in for some XXX comedy. This show is not for the prudish! A one man show Andrew did an awesome job of keeping me entertained. The show was quite interactive, improvised at times, and had it's off the script moments when he felt he wanted to tell a story,  lol .  There were some late comers to the show and Andrew made it known by pointing them out and jokingly references the 'late cummers' throughout the show. When someone sneezed he said Bless You and then tossed some of his "used" prop Kleenex tissue to the lady in the audience. I had a pleasure of being picked on during the show due to the fact I was sitting front row. So beware for those who are sitting in the front row. There were times I thought I would be seeing some real "Frank and Beans" due to the fact of me being so up close to the stage and the ample spacing between his thighs and boxers, it was quite roomy. At the end of the show we got to take pictures with him and he gave us a little background about the play how it's actually based on reality of his life, but just the names were changed. I enjoyed the show very much and would definitely recommend anyone seeing this!
A classic example of how one artist can pull such a great show. I had no idea this show would be so much fun. Came here the other day as part of the Yelp viewing. Andrew did a great job and carried the whole show on his shouldres, involved the audience. The best part was he improvised and made some on the spot jokes which made this show stand more apart as compared to the other shows. The plot basically revolves around this guy and how  porn becomes a big part of his life. It talks about his fantasies and how ends up being a family person after being involved with porn for such a long time. Andrew's on the spot improvisation made all the audience crack up so  many times. After the show we were able to talk to Andrew and take some pictures. Definitely recommend this show to all the avid lovers of broadway!
Watching a Live Show is soo much fun because the Actors makes fun of YOU!!!! At first I was Skeptical about the show because of the way the place looks in the outside.  But once you go in, you feel like a historical theatre, friendly staff (thanks for the Complimentary Wine and Tshirt so I can loosen up before the show started). Nearly 70 seats (small stage). and only ONE person performing throughout the show. Show Was: -Perverted -Funny -Dirty (In a verbal way) -Old school (Reminiscing the Missing person milk carton, Old TV, VHS Tapes). Andrew (Actor) did a Great job, Picking on people and for his Extraordinary performance (Verbally and Physically).  Two thumbs up! Off Broadway show is so much fun because it won't break your wallet (great for a nice humor date). Thank you Yelp for Hooking me up! And to support more Broadway  - Offbroadway shows !
I feel a little bad for writing this review, considering most of the reviews gave this show like 4 or 5 stars. All I can think is either the reviewers are close personal friends/family, or received monetary compensation for the reviews, or are practicing their own fiction writing skills. 1st, when we walked into this "theater", I felt like I was an unwelcome guest in Grandma's living room, irritating her as she was trying to watch the evening news. It's very small and cramped, which is fine... but it's also very run down, the chairs where you can sit to wait for the box office to open have scary stains (and considering the subject matter of the show, I truly was scared!). But I've also had more good luck with these small indie shows than bad luck so I tried to stay positive. The seats in the theater were cramped and uncomfortable. And for a show with no intermission, it was horrendous. Now for the show. In a nutshell, it's a guy who, as a pre-pubescent teenager found his father's dirty movies and magazines and became obsessed with the porn stars, eventually got married and had a daughter, and when he thought about the porn stars and his own daughter, he put the porn away. Nothing unique or cutting edge at all. And not funny. At all. At one point, I turned to my friend and gave her the eye roll or something, and I did feel bad because I guess I was wearing my misery on my face and the actor was clearly aware that I was not enjoying his performance. I have a great sense of humor, and quite honestly I didn't find anything in the show to be perverted. When I found out that the "retail" value of the ticket to this show (according to Yelp*) was $100, that's when I decided to do a review. That price is RIDICULOUS!! Even their deal of $50 is ridiculous. My friend and I had a voucher... $20 for 2 tickets, including 2 "drinks" and I still kinda felt ripped off. Oh... and FYI, for drinks they have a crappy wine, like 2 choices in bottled beer or room temperature bottled water. Ooh.
4.5 Stars! Special thanks to Ruggy (ruggy.yelp.com) and Isabella (oktherapy.yelp.com) for the Yelp night tickets to the Accidental Pervert. I didn't know what to expect... but I suppose the name of the show gives a clue.  I went with an open mind... what else is there to lose? The show is described as the following below (from their website): A side-splitting one-man show that tells the true story of a boy whose odyssey into manhood begins after he discovers his father's XXX-rated video tapes. Andrew Goffman, comedian and performer, takes his audience on a hilarious and self-deprecating journey into a world of video vixens, personal fantasies, and dirty movies with no redeeming value whatsoever. The description is actually pretty accurate.  I was a little worried about the one man show - but Andrew Goffman is funny, charming, and raunchy.  Lots of interaction with the audience (warning for the folks sitting in the front row).  According to a male friend of mine - it's very relate-able.  I suppose if you want to know what is going through a guy's head - you should attend this show. Shows are Fridays and Saturdays at 7PM.   Tickets are $30.  I thoroughly enjoyed it!!
I have very delicate sensibilities but I love live theater so when the opportunity to see this show appeared I jumped at it without hesitation.  I was mentally prepared for awkward but what I wasn't prepared for was a memoir.  This is really more about someone's life than just about someone's proclivities for porn and it's actually not as awkward as I had mentally prepared for, far from it.   Andrew came across as funny and charming and I had a great night.  He interacted with the audience, ad libbed to great effect, and was really quite enjoyable to watch.  He posed for pictures after the show with the audience members, which added an extra special touch to the evening. I wouldn't necessarily watch this with my parents (like the guy sitting in front of us) but I wouldn't mind watching it again.  With the ad libbing, each show would probably be slightly different making it even more fun to compare past experiences. I got a free t-shirt with my ticket and I probably wouldn't have worn it prior to the show because I think the cartoon character depicted on it looks like a penis.  But, after watching the show, I will wear my shirt with pride because it's a good show and I had a great time!
Hilarious! If you have the time GO AND SEE THIS SHOW. The actor is super funny and very much works for each and every single laugh. Plus he stayed afterward to meet everyone and get their feedback on the show. He is a genuinely nice guy and really wants to make people laugh. Surprisingly just about everything he jokes about is based on reality! He just changes the names around a little! I went to the show as an Elite Yelp event. Every place in the theater is a good seat but be warned if you sit "jumping" or "stepping" distance be prepared for lots of antics. All in all a  good show for a slow and rainy Saturday. Great idea for a Yelp Elite event! We got t-shirts and wine. Good times.
Hilarious. Intelligent. Amazing. Unexpected. yet... Awesome! So apparently, they were having some technical difficulties, but the one man show carried on and the guy did an amazing job interacting with everything that was happening: the tech guy, the audience, the random things happening. All n all.. I highly suggest it to anyone who is looking for a good laugh on a weekend night. You can also have your self a drink.. which is always nice. Enjoy all the perversions and if you sit in the front row... you get quite the show. ;]
Show was funny and the actor was a genuinely likable guy. Small theater so we actually got to sit in the front row. I would say the first hour of the show was great but by the end, you are kind of ready for it to be over. If they condensed it down a scene or two, it would be ideal. It is definitely funny and worth a see. Problematically, there were 2-3 extremely drunk women in the audience that night who thought they had to answer and speak back to every hypothetical question the actor suggested. It was distracting to the actor and the rest of the audience. I would suggest if this happens again, escorting them out of the theater
Thank you Yelp for letting me go to this ridiculously hilarious off-off-Broadway show. I swear, my cheeks were hurting so bad the next day from all my smiling and laughing during the show. The Accidental Pervert is not for those who cringe at dirty jokes (I mean, the name should give it away) or for the claustrophobic. So if you're not a fan of: stupid jokes that guys seem to love; somewhat interacting with Andrew; tiny cramped theatres that somewhat remind you of a creepy basement with velvet seats - then this show isn't for you. With that said, I thought the show was brilliant. It's more stand-up meets playwriting, and as a one-man show, Andrew had a ton of flexibility with the script - which he definitely took advantage of. Since it was Yelp night, he made a few jokes just for us - and made the show experience even better. I love it when actors improvise or ad-lib on stage just to make the audience feel more involved. I also loved that although it was absolutely hilarious, it was also a touching coming-of-age story (in a way). It's a really funny show - definitely go see it with your "bros" or guy friends - I'm not sure too many girls (at least not the ones I know) would really like it. It's also off-off Broadway so tickets are pretty affordable. But if you're not a fan of being picked for jokes, sit near the back. I highly recommend this for an atypical guys night out - or an atypical girls night out (if you're not prudish/squeamish). And make sure to frown before you go to bed after seeing this show - your cheeks will thank you in the morning.
This is it. This is funny, witty, entertaining, genuinely shocking, interactive... The play is low-budget, but the humor makes up a billion times for it! A one man show where Andrew is hands-down very very funny! BRAVO! Wonderful team work and one-man performance! I can only wish you the success you deserve! People, RUN to see it! Sit back, relax and enjoy the show!!!!!!
As a pervert myself, I was intrigued by the title of this show. So, when my perverted best friend got tickets through Goldstar for free + $8 processing fee, I was down like Chinatown! The show starts off very "dirty" and quite hilarious, and Andrew does a superb job continuing down that path telling his story throughout the show. The audience I was a part of was sadly a bit prude (or embarrassed because they understood the jokes so didn't want to laugh), but my friends and I were laughing our tails off. I got every dirty innuendo dished out and even got wet at the end of the show! (Go to the show and you'll get wet too, heh heh heh.) Considering this is a one-man show, Andrew is amazing! I even loved it when he lost his train of thought, went with the flow anyway and engaged the audience to get him back on track, and he tried so hard to get everyone to laugh and enjoy the show. Don't worry, Andrew, you had us at *moan* (that's the first sound you hear in the show)! Highly recommended!
This show is one of those cool off off Broadway experiences that you would be hard pressed to find elsewhere.  Support the small artists!!  This is a one man show that depends heavily on audience participation to make it funny, so if you find yourself sitting in a lameduck audience some of the jokes might end up falling flat.  Also, NOT FAMILY FRIENDLY.  Oh man, there were some people there clearly regretting their choice of ladyfriend. This rating is based off the fact that you can almost always get tickets to this show at a major discount to practically free.  If I had to pay full price I might not be as excited about it. Oh, and if you stumble in late from happy hour (not that I would know anything about that), you WILL be teased mercilessly.
I consider myself quite open and even I was a little uncomfortable. So if the idea of a pervert or masturbation scares you - don't buy tickets. Or don't sit front row. If you want to see a well-written and very well acted one man show - get yours now! Andrew Goffman did a great job including the audience and drawing each person in.  Seriously, my face hurt afterwards from smiling and laughing for most of the show. Interesting as a woman to consider what my potential future sons will encounter. Pretty scary actually. Best yet - my Accidental Pervert t-shirt. It's way too tight and gives me a giggle to know AccidentalPervert.  com is stretched straight across my chest. Just asking a pervert to check it out. Or Andrew. At the park with his kid.
This one man show was exceptionally entertaining! I applaud Andrew Goffman for being such a great performer. He was always full of energy, and did a great job engaging the audience. As the old saying "Laughter is the best medicine for your heart", the show definitely fulfilled it. Feeling stressed from life or work? Come in stressed, and leave happy and relaxed.   P.S - If you find pervese comedy interesting, then this show is for you! If you don't, don't bother going to the show because you will most likely feel uncomfortable and offended in every way.
The show has just been extended through June 29, and let me reiterate how much we enjoyed it.  If you need a good laugh, if you have a good sense of humor - or even if you don't have a good sense of humor, but you'd like to *acquire* one - go see this show! (Update on 6/12/13):  The show has been extended through July 27. (Update on 9/19/13):  The show has been extended through December 7.
After reading the reviews I decided to see The Accidental Pervert thinking it would be an interesting thing to do for an early Friday night. Well the show was better than I could have expected. It was funny, witty, gross, poignant and overall thought provoking. Not only did the performance make me laugh out loud, but it made me think deeply about our cultural relationship to sex, perversion and sexual addictions. The impact of the play lasted well after it ended and sparked several deep conversations about love and sex. We continue to live in a very conservative society founded on fundamentally puritanical values. Sex is itself misused and abused. As a society we have an almost pathological obsession with sex, and yet have very few frank discussions about it. It's still a fairly taboo subject. It's no wonder why the pornography business does rather well despite the overall poor economic climate. We're obsessed with sex even though we don't talk about it. We ignore it. The days of going to seedy parts of town to somewhat secretly watch "dirty movies" has been replaced by, at times seedy, websites. The ease at which pornography is now available is astonishing. In some ways it can be seen as a positive thing, and in others a very destructive force. I think this play does an exceptional job in dealing with this rather tough topic. Andrew approaches the subject matter in a bold yet respectful way. There were parts of the performance that made me uncomfortable, but I always felt a great sympathy for the character. It is easy at times to judge the main character as a pervert, or someone who is sick, but it's also easy to judge society and its role in helping to further the main character's addiction. I recommend viewers watch the play with an open-mind and really explore what feelings it evokes.   I think this is a great activity to do that's off the beaten path. Anyone visiting NYC that would appreciate a strange and authentic Manhattan experience would really be entertained by this show. I guarantee it's something you'll be talking about after you see it.
Great show, your sides will hurt from laughing so much.
This was surprisingly entertaining for an off-Broadway production. Goffman's performance was sharp and hilarious, filled with personality, in his one-man show. At times, I felt like I was attending a stand-up comedy show. Goffman would digress from the script and tell jokes unrelated to the show, but he'd be able to smoothly transition back into the storyline, which makes this production unique from the other Broadway shows that I've seen. It's definitely a production worth supporting.
Oh My God This show was Hilarious.Though it is not for everyone(Specially if you are a prude)This show will make you laugh until you cry.Very inexpensive ,great location .The only downfall is that the Theater is kind of small and the chairs are a bit uncomfortable but still,this show is worth seeing,I had a great time and  so did my friend.
Came here on Saturday night and really didn't know what to expect prior. I read mixed reviews, but figured I would come here with an open mind, I was very surprised with the show. I felt the Actor(Andy) displayed a great one man show, props of the old school cereal boxes with the missing child was something I grew up seeing as well. And how he would break the "fourth wall" to talk to the audience was something new and exciting. The staff that was working the show was great too, I can tell him and his crew REALLY enjoy what they do, and it shows...would love to see him in something else.
Funny show, got 2 tickets and a glass of wine and made a good night of it. Lots of laughs. Impressed by actors ability to handle verbal contributions from the audience.
My wife and I had a voucher for this show which turned out to be great value. The theatre is really small, but in a good way. Yes, it's a little rundown, but that adds to its charm. The staff are really friendly, and the drinks are refreshingly cheap. Before the show began, I was a little apprehensive that it would be bawdy for the sake of it and full of tired old material - AND that we would be picked on! But I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, it contained old-school toilet humour, but it was always going to, and it was funny. Andrew Goffman carried it off really well and thoroughly endeared himself to the audience. He did engage with members of the crowd - some were more willing to get involved than others, so in no way did he take it to the point of picking on people to embarrass them (like some stand-up comedians do); it was all done in a friendly way and added to the general atmosphere of good feeling. The only point for improvement would be to have an intermission. At the end, Andrew made a point of meeting the audience as we filed out, which was a nice touch. I'd definitely recommend this for a fun and informal evening of theatre - and don't be put off by the 'audience involvement' aspect!
Incredibly funny and written extremely well. I laughed the entire time.
This felt like three stars while I was watching but after i left I definitely give it four, he really did genius work when you admit that this is a one man show. He did a fantastic job at letting us peep into his mind at 12, at 18, at 21 and then as a man of 30, 40 and beyond. I believe that men can relate to and enjoy the story as well. Strange concept but very interesting show.
Didnt know what to expect but it was great! I laughed the entire time!!! Awesome show. Awesome guy. Awesome crew.
Amazing energy! This one-man show goes and goes on with the same pace, his stamina is ridiculous. Love how he involves the audience with humor and a kind heart, but you're not quite sure at the time what will be said or done. Lots of fun, even though there is an undertone of disturbance.
Such a fun show!  Loved it, Andrew is a hilarious comedian and fearless in his revelations about himself.  A funny, solid show with "balls".  I recommend it for anyone with a sense of humor and a past childhood.
Andrew Goffman is a bit old to be playing this part. Charles Messina, the director, would do better and would be more attractive. Goffman has vericose veins on his legs and is long in the tooth. The other problem is that the jokes are just not funny. You can only take the "Dark Invader" names of porn films so far. There is nothing edgy here. The writing is boring and limp. Not hard and exciting. Who doesn't know about Blue Balls, PA. He speaks as if the audience doesn't believe there is such a place. Plus if he is jerking off all the time, he wouldn't have blue ball. Perhaps he should have come from Bird-In-Hand, PA. Again, every joke is old and tired. Nothing innovative or insightful. I went in expecting to have a good time. I didn't.
I'm so impressed that this one-man show had the audience rolling with laughter the whole time.  It was hilarious and engaging.
The Accidental Pervert is the story of one boy's odyssey to manhood via a childhood dominated by pornography.  He finds his father's collection of videotapes at the age of 11 and remains addicted until he meets his wife at the age of 26.  Outrageously funny from beginning to end!
This one man show is a nice addition to weekend plans. Andrew Goffman is funny and well mannered. Andy keeps the audience pretty involved so a little participation is expected.  If you're into fun yet laid back humor with a good dose of sexual content, you should check it out. You should know that the theater a tight fit. If you need your space, or have a small bladder, try sitting at the aisle.
I have seen many off Broadway shows but this by far is my favorite show. I love that.   It was a one man show part scripted with some not so much. The actor Andrew Goffman  was witty funny and gave 210%  of himself on that stage.we could not stop laughing and tears were streaming down our faces. This was a hidden gem and a must see.
I was entertained; but did not find it to be really funny. The only times I laughed out loud was when Andrew went off-script.  My husband, who could obviously connect with the subject matter - male masturbation - seemed to think it was funnier, as did our male friend we were with (his wife, my girlfriend, who is not a prude, but pretty critical, didn't think it was funny at all and was bored). Andrew really puts himself out there and gives 110%, and the story is original and even poignant at times. As other yelpers have noted, the theater is tiny, but I loved that; very authentic. In summary, for $20 a ticket, and a night out in the city, I wouldn't hesitate to go.
If I could, I would have given it 69 stars instead of 5 out of 5. Andrew Goffman tells his perverted memoir in a smart, honest, yet charming way that makes it hard for you not to laugh. It had the perfect amount of puns, gags, and use of 80's music. There is never a lull in the Accidental Pervert but its not all jokes either. The play scatters unexpected sweet moments throughout, which leaves you with a sense of completion and a strange reminder we are all still human. GO SEE IT!
The show was super entertaining and funny and perverted! I enjoyed every minute of it. There were three drunk ladies in the audience and they kept interrupting the performer but he took it very well and was able to use it to his advantage. I was hoping the ladies would get kicked out since it was quite distracting.
This sounds like it'll be a hilarious show full of racy, off-color jokes. It tried really hard to be that, too, but sadly missed the mark. I felt we gave many pity laughs and little else. I'm glad our tickets were only $10.
