This venue is one of the most intimate jewels of the city. I highly recommend this space for anyone who is on the brink of depression or looking for a change in their life;) Have an experience opening your eyes!
Oh man, the poetry here rocked! Usually I'm not into the scene (most poetry places just don't do it for me) but this place was great. I really felt laid back, and the poets seemed to be really involved with the crowd, reacting to laughs and cheers, communicating, having a good time. Definitely a NYC landmark worth visiting. Pizza joint down the street makes it a trip.
Awesome place and great vibes.
Worth going to at least five times. Come here with an open mind or don't come at all. I  guess the venue is not necessarily for everyone, but if you're more focused on vibrant culture, unique peformances, independent artists and an extremely diverse, artistic crowd-go, go go! Poetry slams are sick, I performed here with a youth spoken word group in high school and even though most of us were not well-versed in slam poetry, the atmosphere was ridiculously encouraging. I cannot say enough good things about this place, but if you're objective is to find a see-and-be-seen spot with a fifteen dollar appletini, go elsewhere. If you want a lively, open minded and rousing crowd, this is your place. I only went to one Friday Night Slam and it left me wishing I could be a regular.
I enjoyed my time here when I went, however they NEED to redo the seating problem. We stood in line for about an hours which wasn't a big deal, but we were forced to sit upstairs in a very small area near the bathrooms and couldn't see ANYTHING. I know that at a poetry bar you should be "snug" but this place was too close for comfort and over capacity. They need to redo the seating arrangements, people had to sit on the floor and everything. That's not really how I wanted my experience here to be. Will I go back? Probably BUT I know this time to go VERY early and head to the seats on the ground floor and crowd it in.
I was here once for an event hosted by my boss for HS kids, so I can't vouch for cover, and food/drink costs. It was a great time for them, as everyone warmed up and got their first taste of performing in a casual place amongst their peers. Not much to look at, but I guess that's part of the angle. Based on what I saw, heard and the success of the event, it ranks well enough; 3-4 stars.
NPC is the kind of performance space/bar that you want to see more often in New York. It's the Village of old, away from the gentrified nonsense that you have to deal with on a regular night. If I want to stay above Houston, this is one of my stops. You really can't go wrong here. Just don't order your vodka-cranberry. You'll get a laugh from the bartender and the regulars at the bar.
this place is really cool - and you should really go at least once while living in the city. i came on a friday night for the poetry slam.  It's really fun and the MC keeps things entertaining.  The poets are super talented and when I went they were so young (one of the girls was 17!) - it was really a great experience. Only minus is that we had to stand the whole time b/c we got there close to starting time and my feet started hurting after the first hour. That being said - its a good spot - they serve beer and $4 wine only -  but you don't come here for the alcohol, you come here for the talent...and that impresses.
I attended my very first poetry slam last night at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe and left so happy! The place was packed with people of all ages and backgrounds, the poems were fantastic, and the energy in the house was amazing!! I went to see a friend of a friend perform (Samantha Thornhill) and was really blown away by her. Everyone should go, especially if you've never been to a poetry slam before. I will most def be back here again soon :)
I went to the cafe to see a comedy show and had a great time. It's a small, but cool place. The artwork is great. The only thing negative I would say is that the restrooms need serious remodeling. Other than that...definitely check out this place!
uh-maaay-zing. My first time here and I feel like this place fits like an old shoe. Don't have to dress to impress, being yourself is cool - crisp sneakers or not. MC brothers have years under their belt and take the stage like their couch. everybody's natural, it's a non competitive environment (the night I went), welcoming, supportive and some SICK performers. they didn't start even near on time, but cheap coffee and intriguing art on the walls bought some time. people were coming all the way from tx and philly to perform. i found about few favorite new artists whose fan wagon imma join : hassan mackey, his boy whose name i don't know but i wont soon his voice or his look (whew...), tracie lynn (even i saw dollar signs when i saw her on stage), goodsnj delivered a surprise (i like his voice)...and dj schizophrenic, mr. lee, poetry man...solid acts by a handful. The rest were amateurs - hilarious, nervous, a few posers...overall, MC's never flinched a negative brow. the one-verse or one-poem limit are sometimes the best rule ..haha.. come if you wanna kick back and have your ideas massaged. p.s. bass player, drums and dj boo improv skills are their own side show A place for the hopeful, soulful and ... good rappers. i plan on being a regular.
What to say about the Nu-yo? It really depends on the night you go there and the season of the year. They do have youth night, and poetry night, and hip hop night, and it's important to check the calendar. Saturday nights are fun, it is always important to get there at least an hour early to guarantee a seat. The line is long and cold in the winter, but I always come up satisfied. Good poetry, vibe, and can last until the wee hours if needing an escape. When they are having the battles for the poetry teams... is definitely a time to go.
This is the best poetry spot I have been to. I have only been on Friday nights but it is superb !!!! I would suggest lining up early..if it's cold dress warm...if nice out, the people who frequent this place are like minded & friendly..chit chat while you wait. Good time to line up for choice seating is about 845pm. Upstairs is cool view for you & a couple of people if you're in a group, downstairs is better. Don't sit in front row if you don't want ppl seating Indian style in front of you. Mahogany is thee best host & involves & makes you feel at home every time just like we're all just kicking it together enjoying some enlightening & funny words.
LOVE nuyo! has the absolute best poetry slams on Wed and Fri nights. make sure to get there a little early on Fri nights because there is a line to get in :) they also have some events during the week
I love this place!  Laidback venue tucked far from the rest of the nightlife in Alphabet City.  I've only been there for the music performances (mainly Latin jazz), and they are great!  Fairly cheap also.
This place is live! The talent is awesome. Definitely recommend the VIP tickets as to avoid the long line. Check it out!
I'm sure this place is super cool, really I am. However, I looked this place up online and trudged all the way out there from Queens to check out a show. I walked in and they were finishing up another show, and the guy at the door barked at me, "what do you want?!" I said I was there to see the show (I forget what time it was at), and I knew I was a little early. He said, "Yes, you are early you'll need to leave and come back later." I said, but I'm only 30 minutes early, could I catch the tail end of this show, pay for my show and stay until it starts...it's cold outside (and I was by myself). He said, "No, come back later." And out I went in the cold, never to come back again....
Ive been here for a Poetry Slam.  It's $10 to get in. They definitely bring in the talented poets but damn they overcrowd this place.  The fire marshal would have a heart attack.  There is plenty of seating space - or you could slt on the floor (hopefully they're clean?). As far as the poets - they were great and really touched me.  Everyone's got to go at least once.
Almost forgot about this place. I remember coming here in 2000 for an open mic when the indie scene was poppin. You know what I'm talking about..Dolo Records, 89tec9, Fat Beats, Footwork, etc.
LOVEEEEEEEEE!  I had an amazing time at this spot!  Everyone is down to earth and the poets are absolutely amazing.  They have you begging for more.  Their level of intellect and creativity brews an amazing perfomance.  One that not only keeps you coming back but has you leaving a new person.  Love this place.
Went for the poetry slam on Wednesday, and am now planning to go back for the Friday slam and the rap slam. How can you not love the Nuyorican? And who cares if it's not the best-looking establishment in NYC? This place is all about the artista and the emotions they bring to the stage - and that artist could be anybody, including you. I saw poets that made me cry, poets that made me laugh, and poets that made me think. The full spectrum of human emotions was represented, and I feel enriched after having been to the Nuyorican. Not to mention Jive Poetic's massive hosting ability, keeping the tempo always on the upside. Ended up standing all the time, but could have hardly cared less: when the mind is nourished, the body does not feel fatigue.
Yes, spring 2012 ahead and belly laughs are in season en Nueva York, mucho y mas.  Tangana Comedy Posse presents an uproariously engaging mash-up of sketch, stand up, and film shorts that I can continually describe as FUNtainment.  Funnymanedgarrivera and cohorts Eric Nieves, Julee Cerda, Ria Burnes-Wilder know funny and their audience.  Yes, you'll be happy you joined in the laughter.
I feel special that I got to experience this.  It is a bit of NY that most don't take advantage of.  Go to Cafe Cortadito for some cuban food beforehand and then get on line at 9:15pm, if you want a seat.  The host Mohagony Brown is hilarious and I saw a really great lineup.
Very hip spot to chill and listen to some great poetry. You can bring your own brown bag and sit back and hear some raw talent.  Great entertainment and nice size.  Location a bit far from the train but it's worth the little walk.
Stopped by here to see a friend perform. Had to wait 30 mins to enter - typical venue nonsense. All that set aside, I had a great time....the place is spacious, drinks-a-plenty, cool crowd and awesome talent on the stage. But don't come here hungry - no food served just liquor.
I went to a poetry slam competition at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe and had an amazing time listening to some talented young people. My only con would be the limited seating & the long wait to get into the place. Besides that I hope to come back for more events here in the future.
I've only been here once but it was an amazing experience. I didn't show up on time however so it was SUPER crowded and I ended up sitting on the speakers. What makes this place is its performers and the way they allow the audience to interact by serving as judges. Its a really fun place to bring a group of friends but get there on time to secure an actual table
This place is small and cozy but the quality is worth it. If you are interested in spoken word, poetry slams, chill music like hip hop or better yet neo-soul, you need to check this place out. Usually its seven to ten dollars to get in, doors open at eight or later. I have been there twice and the experience was gratifying. The spoken word artists were amazing. I don't write poetry but I love listening to it.
Simply wonderful!!! Went here for my first time on my birthday last night and I am in love not only with the energy of the audience but the poets that spoke their mind!!! I will most def be back again and cannot wait!!!
Very entertaining. Enjoy the Open Mic Poetry/Hip-hop. If I'm ever in NYC again I will definitely be going back.
Per the Club's website: Founded circa 1973, The Nuyorican Poets Cafe began as a living room salon in the East Village apartment of writer and poet, Miguel Algarin who was dedicated to bringing new work into the public eye. By 1975 it became clear that there were many poets and too much energy for Algarin's living room. William Morrow Inc. had just published an anthology titled "Nuyorican Poetry". Miguel Piñero's "Short Eyes" had just won two awards as best play of the 1974 season. Poetry, the vital sign of a new culture, needed to be heard live. So Algarin rented an Irish bar, the Sunshine Cafe on East 6th Street, which was christened The Nuyorican Poets Cafe. By 1980, the overflow of audiences led the Cafe to purchase an "in rem" building at 236 East 3rd Street to expand its activities and programs. A non-profit organization, the Cafe has emerged as one of the country's most highly respected arts organizations and has become an acclaimed forum for innovative poetry, music, hip hop, video, visual arts, comedy and theatre. The mission of the Cafe is to create a multi-cultural venue that both nurtures artists and exhibits a variety of artistic works. Without limitation, we are dedicated to providing a stage for the arts with access for the widest public. The Cafe's purpose has always been to provide a stage for the artists traditionally under-represented in the mainstream media and culture; promoting their work while building an audience and providing an ongoing support system for them as they grow.  The weekly Poetry Slams are a hugely successful popularization of poetry conducted in mock epic contest judged by people selected at random from the audience. The Theater Program has been awarded over 30 Audelco Awards and was honored with an OBIE Grant for excellence in theater. Theater events are held early evening from Thursday through Saturday with frequent Sunday matinees. The Latin Jazz Jam Session on Thursday nights fills the Cafe with its own special flavor and has been a weekly "Critics Choice" at New York Press for six consecutive years. Our Fifth Night Series has produced over 40 films from screenplay readings since its inception in January '94. The Hip Hop events include an open mic and competitions for poets, freestylers and emcees, as well as collaborations for story tellers and jazz musicians - becoming a legendary hotbed for new talent. Every month the comedy troupe, Nuyorican Rule, brings its humor on the urban, social, political and familial Latino experience to the Cafe. We are proud that our ongoing efforts to provide support for the creative life of hundreds of artists has given us a crucial role in the artistic life of New York City. For what it is, I couldn't haven't seen anything better really.   I only wish that they would not bother trying to have people not record events, as many people were doing so.  If people recording these events are not compliment enough, what is?
I love Nuyorican Cafe. They always have interesting events going on, and without fail you know on Friday night you can go and hear some dope slam poetry. My only issue is with the crowd sometimes. A lot of young college-age kids go there and more and more the crowd is looking less diverse. I miss the grown and sexy folks! In any case, I'm glad that this place is still doing its thing and providing a venue for artists to express themselves.
Exactly what I expected.  Clean, basic bar in a funkyish 'hood.  $6 beer.  Was here for a special event in the mid-afternoon which was fairly crowded ($5 admission).  Not my thing, but I can see the appeal.
4 words: New York City Poets.
One of the best spots in the whole city. Go for the poetry, the vibe, the ambiance -- everything about this place just screams New York. Friday and Wednesday nights are especially recommended!
I went to the Nuyorican Poets Cafe because I had heard many friends talk about it. I arrived about a half hour before the show was scheduled to start and the line to get in was down the block. The poetry was great and the crowd was very cool. When I first entered I was standing up all the way in the back and being short it was hard for me to see. There was an upstairs but I heard that was crowded too so I stayed in my little space next to the DJ booth. Eventually I snick past the crowd and found a seat right next to the stage and the poetry was great. If you are looking to hear some great poetry this is a great place to check out, just be careful if you are claustrophobic.
Puerto Rico nacio en miii! Well, not really. But I wish it did.  After the show of Yerbabuena I braved the cold much better, somehow. Terrific venue!
This place is definitely a landmark and it gets some great shows and events. As the surrounding neighborhood has changed drastically, it still sticks true to how it was when it originated. And I love it for that.
Amazing slam poetry, be sure to go on Fridays! One of the best venues I've been to for spoken word. Definitely a highlight from my trip to New York--would HIGHLY recommend to anyone!
Friday Night Slam is the biz! I am just getting in from my first visit, yet I am inspired enough to say something about it... A must go!
Come and enjoy a variety of performers this Sunday Aug 9. 10pm There will be a great show live featuring new up and coming artists...Hope to see you there!!!
Great spot, good energy, and down to earth staff :)
Love this place. I went on a Wednesday night and the place was craaackling with all the sweet sweaty spoken word. Everyone there (poets and audience alike) has such heart. Logistics: we got there a little before 9 and got in right when it opened. We were able to get a table pretty quickly once we went in and the show didn't start until about 9:20ish or so. There is a second floor/balcony that got pretty rowdy. Bring your clapping hands. Only serves wine and beer. Only one bathroom, but it was alright, I hardly had to wait. If you look like an out of towner and/or aren't providing a contribution to the spoken word, you may be asked to be a judge. If you think you might leave earlier than the close of show (around midnight), you might want to refuse... but why would you? Sheesh.
Had SO much fun here! We came for Brian 'Omni' Dillon's book release party so the performers were hand picked (choice!). I'd kill to be able to get up to NY much more often. I'd be a regular here. I hungrily ate up the soul food and intend on going back for more.
the differences in people and instances, walks of life and outlooks make this venue beautiful and unique. you look around in wonder and think about how all these different people have felt and understood each other without even knowing each other's names. they feel familiar and the vibe is intimate. from the message of what's being said, whispered, screamed, or staccatoed out loud to what resonates within our own individual chamber is a different message for everyone. but we all chose to be in that same room, and the echoes of those footsteps towards that threshold breathes life into an important, unspoken unity.
this place is beat--as in beatnik, it's really a throw back and one of theee coolest places in nyc.  also, don't be fooled by the name yes they do have poets but they have a great music scene too--latin jazz--not to be missed,  so come on by and snap away  (as in fingers) while listening to some up & coming and already come talent!
I had a really good time! Dancing, singing, interacting with people from all nationalities and the poetry was as awesome as the poets! Even if I never go back I am happy to have had the experience. The reviews are correct when they say it get's crowded, people on the floor, people standing shoulder to shoulder, basically people everywhere waiting and watching. Do buy the VIP and do get in line before 9 pm. BTW VIP just guarantee you not sitting on the floor LOL! Have fun!!! Oh Friday night is a must!
I absolutely love this place.  I went there a couple of times with a few friends and now everyone i speak to or meet I'm asking "do you like poetry?"  I want to take them there.  Anyway, the place is great. The crowd is diverse. the people who host and perform are awesome.  Everything from deep tear jerking poetry to hilarious stomach ache from laughing poetry. I've always gone on a Friday night. I suggest you get there at least a half hour before the doors open or even more. It gets really crowded and a line forms outside with people waiting for the doors to open.  I like that it is inexpensive and I also like that they allow you to bring in your own food, just in case you might be hungry or want a little snack.  I love that they play music while you wait and at intermission and the artwork in the place is interesting as well. I can't wait to go back I actually haven't been in so long because I'm always so tired on Friday after work. However, I'm trying to get a few co workers of mine to go.
I attended the poetry reading last Friday and was just blown away by the poetry, the performers, and the involvement of the incredibly diverse crowd. If you haven't been and you live in New York, you've been missing out. At just 7 dollars to get through the door, it's a bargain as well. With everything there is to do in this city, I'll be going back. That's saying a lot.
first poetry slam experience-pretty shocking and mind-blowing to me...
This is an amazing place!  I've been here several times over the years and each time I leave inspired and happy!  Friday night slams are great.  Very talented poets and performances.  If it's something you haven't tried before -- do it!  The host is excellent.  The bartender was grouchy but somehow he fitted the place perfectly.  Lines can get long -- so get there early.  It gets crowded and getting to the restroom can be a challenge.  But despite all -- it's worth it!  An amazing unique place that inspires!
i really loved the experience and vibe here and the poetry was phenomenal. you can tell people were serious about their craft. the review is based on friday night slam. definitely get there early in line because the place is very very small so it packs up. i was wondering if I should do the VIP ticket or not online for $20 or take my chances at the door. the door was fine because I got there in time. They said try and get in line by 9pm for the 10pm show. i would definitely agree. If not, you may or may not be able to enter but it seems like everyone got a chance to go in but many people were sitting on the floor. So if you have any issues with sitting on the floor, make sure you arrive in line early. the vibe is very bohemian and it it's not a place to walk around and try and try and "impress".. noone there gives a "d" what you look like or what you have on. they are there for the art, the vibe, and just to chill. ahhhhhh gotta love new york. anyway, the "bar" is somewhat make-shift in terms of them having only  beer, or red or white wine. i guess it's also good because it keeps things moving in terms of getting a drink and not having lines of people at the bar. i do not know if they have food or not. i didn't see anyone eating. i didn't stay for the "after party" where anyone can get up and do one poem. however, i'm sure that was fun too. it was very diverse in terms of tourist and locals and all people of color, gender, ages, sexual orientations, etc. I think you just have to be 21 to get in. the host was good too "mahogney". I think it was a great "kick off" to your evening in the lower east side. I hear Katz deli nearby (not sure i spelled the name right) is the place to go for good food before or afterwards.
This place is the treasure of New York culture, I am head over heels in love with the Nuyorican Poets Cafe. I love it's vibe, it's everything. If you are coming here to complain about the people who perform, you're obviously not even suppose to be walking into the Nuyorican, you didn't go and buy concert tickets you went and bought tickets to hear an open mic or a show, the beauty of the Nuyorican is it's open mics and the number of artist who try to show their talent or their passion on stage. The Nuyorican gives a chance for people to express themselves and as a poet I feel as if this place is very open non criticizing crowd. The point is to be friendly about peoples work, even if you don't like it you shut up and sit down and lets a human side come out of you and appreciate that this person might be nervous and he is willing to go and perform for you. Now on with the program, the staff of the Nuyorican is like a big big family and extremely friendly. I love the latin vibe that they give the Nuyorican because it's the Nuyrican and being a latino it's a place to be proud of. I love open mics and how easy it is to perform because most people seem to also be poets and motivate you. This is a place for all poets, singers, artist. The hip hop sound tracks that the DJ plays, the many talented people who perform, it's seriously a place to relax and just enjoy the show and for those performers, trust me this place doesn't ask anything of you, so go all out! Keep the culture going in the LES :).
I had never heard of this cafe before (which I have since learned is pretty well known) but came here with a group of high-school students and was blown away by the quality of the poetry and the warm atmosphere. It is not always easy to grab the attention of teenagers, especially in the summer, but all 100(ish) of our students were stunned into silence by the opening poems, which were honest, raw, and presented in such an emotionally compelling way that no one was left without goosebumps.   The performers then gave our students the challenge of writing about something they feel vulnerable about, and reading their writing on stage to the rest of the group.  The fact that many of our students did, in fact, write about intensely personal matters that they then shared with all of their classmates is in itself a testament to the inspiring nature of this cafe and its performers. I am not sure what this cafe is like at night and I know little of what cover charges it might ask, but based on what I saw during this trip with students, it would be a shame to miss out on a night at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe.  Bring your friends who think they hate poetry - this will turn them around!
This is one gem that everyone should visit... Man the atmosphere was soooo phenomenal! There are soo many great poets....maaan...its just a real chill ambience filled with great people ...really made my summer. This is my second time attending Friday poetry slam ...I'd really advise you to buy VIP tickets to avoid the long lines at the door, I learned my lesson...also take advantage of the space upstairs!
I AM BEYOND DISAPPOINTED with the Nuyo!!!!!!!!!! I'm from California, and I just took a birthday trip to New York for my 30th. I am also a spoken work poet, so it has been on my bucket list to get to New York and Perform at the Nuyorican. I called and emailed, months in advance, even called the week of my NY trip (first time in NY might I add) and confirmed that there will be an open mic after the Friday Night Slam, purchased $25.00 advanced VIP tickets online, and everything!  Needles to say my girls and I get ALLLL the way to NY, spend over $30.00 to hail a cab to the show, wait in line for over 30 minutes, even though we purchased VIP tickets w/early admittance.... keep in mind, I still had NO PROBLEM with doing this, because I live for this sort of thing... Im a Poet.... hello... so I speak with someone at the venue and he tells me, of course, the open mic sign up list is at the bar and I'll make sure you get on it, especially since you came all the way from Cali..... I enter and we're seated.... The Host was amazing, charismatic, and funny, she definitely did her thing... the poets were good, I even got to see  Poet Oveous slam, which was pretty dope. So half way through the Host announced that there is an Open Mic list at the bar to sign up, which will be immediately following the slam. As soon as intermission hit... I pushed my way through the crowded/packed venue and signed my name "Pretty Blaq" on the list.... mind you, there were only 2 other names on the list and it was sitting off in some dark corner, soiled with drinks, and who knows what else.... but at that point it kinda clicked in my head that "Open Mic" is really just a second thought.... F*ck you if you aint the main attraction..... regardless, I went back to my seat and waited in anticipation, as did my friends, because they couldn't wait to see me spit! So basically the freaking slam lasted 4 hours!!!! Yeah, you heard me right 4 hours for 5 contestants and 3 rounds!!!! TF 0_o regardless I waited patiently...... 1:00am rolls around... the 3rd round ends... the host comes back on stage (clearly tired and ready to go) she announces the winner.... plugs a few people and their business, music, books, ect... then says "Alrighty, see you next time, and good night" WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really! No mention of the open mic, nothing, no apology, no "Sorry we ran outa time" NOOCH, ZILCH, NADA, NOTHING!!!!! I came all the F*ck the way from Cali... first time EVER in NY, and was bamboozled!!!! There is no telling if or when I will EVER be in NY again, and I really wanted to seize the moment... but it looks like that moment was stolen from me... thanks Nuyorican for your inconsideration and unprofessionalism.... I will not be returning, unless one day I'm asked to feature and my air fare is paid for... Peace
"Uh! Check one, check one... I'm going to rap my song, it's on ____.com, get a copy... My cds are back there but this is about how Imma gonna be a father and surrogating, what's up" *weird drum music starts with no bass* *he starts dancing back and fourth like running* *yelling like rapping but no rhyming, rhythm, nor poetry. Everyone looking around : Was this a joke or was this the host effing with us? I was in the confused crowd looking at this man sing away like it was a karaoke night. And it was like for five LONG odd topic songs, bad songs on the radio you're out of the reach to change the tuner so you're stuck there dying like Elaine in Seinfeld on the nonworking subway train screaming in her head "Let me out of here, Dammit! Move!" Next act came out, the same thing. I looked at my date and said with a smirk: 30 minutes. Time was up, We looked at each other and laughed on the way out the door. Saturday night, not here.
The historic venue was not lost on me as I sat in awe of being in the place of so many well known and not so well know poets and spoken word artists.  The show I attended-- call me crazy-diary of a mad social worker exceeded my expectations despite any number of technical and stage shortcomings.  The seats were horrible!! The sight line to center stage was nonexistent for patrons not in the aisle seat.  This artist could have shined so much brighter had the venue supported her genius, energy and talent.   I also know that venues like this are grossly underfunded and supported so in addition to offering this feedback I will also send a check to them and donate to their cause of showcasing the next generation of desperately needed poets and artists.
If I could give the Friday Night poetry slam 10 stars I would. This is a life-changing event...truly. Everyone is so chill (I think that's a stupid word normally, but in this case it fits really well). Yes - as others said....get the VIP tickets and DON'T sit in the front row. Because when people file in to sit on the floor, you'll feel scrunched. We were three rows back and it was perfect. Everyone was great about the squeezy-ness...we even all got up and moved our chairs back a bit so there was an exit aisle up front...and no one got weird about it. The other funny part was how few people were drinking. As the host said at one point "we're here for poetry and just happen to have drinks" (total paraphrase) and she was right. The bar had no line and you looked around and I saw only a few drinks in hand. And that was cool. The music was unbelievably great - from 9:30 to 10:30 it's all music as people are loading in. The DJ is part of the whole show so you get to hear from him all night. And the host...she makes everyone feel great. Funny and witty and NOT at the expense of others....hard to pull off and she does it with authority. Love her (and she's originally from Oakland!). And then the true heart....the poets. On this night there were teams getting ready to try to go to the National Poetry Slam (being held in...wait for it...Oakland this year! nps2014.poetryslam.com) They were phenomenal and brave and glorious and gut-wrenching and more. And for those of you with short attention spans, there's a 3 minute time limit, so if you don't like one, you'll see the next one very quickly. Don't hesitate....just go. Take the F. Take a cab. Rent an apartment a few doors down, like we did. Just figure it out and go. You will absolutely not be disappointed.
A great NYC treasure that brings worlds and cultures and people together.   I came here for the staple friday night poetry slam and was not disappointed.  It's more than just a slam, but pretty much also a dance party and interactive cultural feast.   Get your VIP tix to secure a seat in this tiny venue, otherwise you'll have to line up and maybe have only floor seating.   MC's are incredible at getting the audience involved and up and dancing.  The night starts off with shout outs to all the boroughs.  People representing from all over and all professions and ages ranging from teens to middle aged.   Awesome DJ in the back playing plenty of hip hop and latin, and whatever else suits the mood. The slam kicks off with a key speaker followed by the seasoned contestants.  All were very good, I believe there were 4 competing with three rounds of judging (each contestant get to do three poems/spoken word pieces).  Judges are chose at random from the audience.  The crowd is rambunctious and excited, don't come here if you're expecting a quiet place to sit and ponder.  GET UP and DANCE, and laugh and move yo self.   OVERALL: can't wait to go back
I got tickets on Groupon and took my boyfriend here for his birthday and the poetry was ok. Kind of underwhelming . Not sure what I expected to be honest. We ended up walking out after 3 hours (TOOO long!!!!).. The place seemed very popular because it was packed but I wouldn't go back . It was just good for the experience..
I came here for an event with BK (I forget the full name). It was a coffee house type event. There was no cover and the drinks were reasonably priced for NYC. The show/coffee house was really great. People from all over came to sing, speak, etc. It was a fun time.
#15 I went with a group of friends, to see a friend performing on a Wednesday night.  These places have live people that perform poetry. They was a 8 dollars cover... but is worth it, over here you see so much talent that people from NY have, this  is my first time going to a poetry club, so i did not know what to expect. So they were almost 15 people performing, each participant had time to recite a poem; they were 3 judges that were scoring, each participant.   I think all people that did a poem, did a great job, but they only can choose the top 5 to pass to the next round.  After this each winner that pass to the next round,   had to do  a new poem and the judge give then new score, then the winner, was the one that  had more points from  both rounds. The winner won 10 US dollars and an opportunity to go to Friday match where the best of all perform will do new poem and then go to the national. They sell all kind of alcohol in this cafe too.
This place has been on my bucket list for a while, and let me say it did not disappoint. It was every bit as wonderful as expected, and then some. I will say this, if you're coming for the Friday Night Slam, get VIP tickets if you can, if not, get there AT LEAST an hour before the show. The line gets LONG. If you care about sitting in a chair, get there early. I got there an hour before the show and I still had to sit on the floor, which I didn't mind at all. It is life changing. Slam poetry is truly something to behold, and if you've never experienced it before, this is definitely the place to do it.
I always feel extra proud of my roots when I come here. Cute little cafe filled with culture. Try going to an open mic night, maybe bring your own poetry to read. The first time I came was for Bruk Di Stage (Caribbean poetry showcase and open mic night). I didn't think that I would read my poem, but I felt so inspired by everybody else that I had to. You will definitely enjoy yourself.
This spot defies every existing poetic stereotype out there. Everyone who attends a poetry slam is always on the same page as the poets -- we all just want to feel good vibes and have good times, and this is the perfect place for just that. It is a unique and positive atmosphere, stirring with a lot of talent and artists who have so much potential. The DJ also spins the best beats -- he knows how to work the crowd for sure. This is def one of my favorite places to be on Wednesday and Friday nights in this city. PS: get the VIP tickets. The lines get seriously long pretty early in the night. Getting to skip the line and grabbing a seat is def worth the extra $10! Update April 2014--Being a poet myself, I performed for my first time at a Wednesday night open mic. I have to reiterate just how lovely the atmosphere is here because what makes a performer comfortable in front of the crowd is the vibe of the entire room. I was hardly nervous and everyone is so friendly and supportive. If you are thinking about performing at an open mic or if you just want to check out other talents, Nuyorican, hands down, should be your first place in mind!
I love this place... I have been here plenty of times... More than I can count. I usually come alone because on Wednesdays they do the poetry slam, which is awesome because you never really know what's going to come out of someone's mouth or intellect lol. It's a cozy place, but the staff is friendly and the hosts are pretty interactive as well. The bar is not so much a bar but they serve wine and beer, but I say you can't take much from spoken word if you're drunk anyway. Parking sucks so don't drive and it's cool bc it's surrounded by bars for the after hours experience. Plus the famous Katz Deli is right around the corner and 24 hours.
Loved this place. I came here for spoken word when I was visiting NYC and I am glad we came here. This was my first ever spoken word so I left on a high. MC was on point, poets were touching, the audience were lively. I would definitely come back when I return to NY.
Word.  I came here at 10pm and got right in since I purchased VIP tix via livingsocial.  Even if the deal's out, it's so worth it to skip the line! Anyways, my friend and I sat near the front, but everyone else came later and sat on the floors and all around the stage.  They were bumpin' music and you can get drinks until it starts up at 11pm.  The emcee was super entertaining and hilarious, and the DJ was great!!  We were all singing, dancing, representing our boroughs/states, etc-the vibe was definitely engaged and in positive spirits. So...there were 5 people who performed, with random audience members voting for each one.  Then the top 3 performed two more times until we got a final winner.  I loved the spoken word pieces-they were deep and touched my heart-I think everyone should check it out and be moved by such great written pieces!!  We need more spots like this!
As a first timer to any poetry cafe, this was a very unique experience and I'm glad I tried it. This review will be about what to expect for a Friday Night Poetry Slam. I went last night with VIP tickets that I bought from Living Social. I had to reserve it at least 2 weeks in advance since this place gets full so quickly. They tell the "VIP" members to arrive by 9:30p so that we can go in first and grab seats. Around 9:45-10 ish?, the non-VIP people start trickling in and taking spots upstairs on the balcony, or on the floor by the stage and in the aisles. And trust me, it gets SUPER crowded. If you arrive somewhat early, make sure you get your drinks and go to the bathroom before the crowd comes in, because you won't have room to walk anywhere after that. Since this was during a wet winter night, all the bulky coats, scarves, etc did not help. The show started at 10:30. The host, Mahogany Browne, was quite funny and really did a good job warming the audience up. I liked that she made it very interactive by having us do dance moves with her and other things. After that, we had one featured performer and then a quick 5 min break. The host announced the 5 judges, who are chosen randomly from volunteers from the audience, and then the contestants underwent three rounds of performances with breaks in between. The judges reveal scores after every performance. The entire show ended around 12:30. Overall, a definite experience to try, even if you're like me and think you are not usually a "poetic" person.
I had a good time here with my boyfriend, despite the crazy woman who got irate with us for no reason at all. She said my boyfriend's knee was in her back, so he moved it. As he moved it, she proceeded to cuss him out and tell me that he doesn't know how to treat women. The host was awesome because she totally called out the woman from stage and asked her to move her seat to somewhere she could be more comfortable. She was nice to her, but I think the crowd all understood that she was a supremely needy person. Oh yeah, the poetry was good too. We met some nice people in the very long line. Overall, a memorable experience.
PROs: A long history of great spoken word performers.  Energy.  A real sense of community between the audience and the poets, which is worth the trip.   CONs: Friday Night Slams are packed like sardines in a very busy can - come way before the 10pm start time, and be prepared to stand in line.
Im not fond of the ambiance  but the events have been great. I have enjoyed myself every time I went and will continue to go. It has an old school vybe.
Drinks, dancing and poetry, (oh my!) This place is hands down my favorite place to be in nyc. I've gone to more poetry slams than I can count, and performed at the open mic night as well, so I can speak from both audience and performer perspectives. The Friday Night Poetry Slam is easily the most popular event, and with good reason. It's become so popular that I'm pretty sure every Friday exceeds capacity, and there are always at least 20-30 people standing by the door for the entire show (fortunately, this also puts them in close proximity to the bar). Personal space ceases to exist once you step inside, but it's entirely worth it. There was a time when you could pay the $10 admission at the door and get a seat if you ran fast enough. That time has passed. If you want to sit down, purchase the advance VIP tix online for $20 (there are even occasional livingsocial deals for the VIP). If you prefer to take your chances and pay 10, line up by 8:30 at the latest (doors @ 10pm). Don't count on getting to the bathroom. There are two upstairs, but they really cram the audience into this place. Once the crowd settles into their cozy new space, there isn't much margin for movement, especially not movement across the room and up the stairs. There is balcony seating upstairs by the bathrooms if you must. The view/sound isn't great up there, but you might be more likely to get a seat than downstairs if you're at the front of the line, and it's probably the only way you're getting to the bathroom without inciting an avalanche of grumbles. There is also an open mic night every Monday. I think sometimes the crowd is more important than the performer in setting the tone, so it can be hit or miss depending on who shows up, but all in all the venue tries to keep the energy up, and they're always supportive of performers. If you're interested in slamming or performing at any level, this is a great space to start out. If you are an audience member, please remember nobody likes a dead fish. Poets feed off of YOUR energy, so give them something to work with. These events aren't usually the "snap if you like it" type, cheering and clapping are more common, do whatever works for you but always ALWAYS let the poet know if you like what you hear. If you're a performer accustomed to slamming but not quite ready for the Friday night slam, check out the Wednesday night slam. Wednesday winners become the Friday night slammers (who then go on to semi finals to fight for spaces on the nuyorican slam team). If you're an audience member not quite ready to devote your Friday nights to observing epic poetry, this is also a good alternative. The Nuyo has an endless list of other events, each with its own theme. Check out the calendar on their website, there's definitely something for everyone. oh and ladies, I don't recommend the dress/heels ensemble typical of a Friday night. You may be stuck standing at the crowded entrance for the duration of the show (if you're at the back of the line and not VIP) or stuck watching from a square foot of space on the floor. Dress accordingly. Either way, trust me it's worth it.
A friend had tickets and invited me to a slam a few weeks back. I was excited because I had heard about Nuyorican but had never been. I was not disappointed, and I was so surprised how full it got in there. I was barely able to get back to my seat after going to the bathroom. The artists who performed were all good, even the ones who were so so deserved credit for getting up in front of all those people. But for sure I recommend getting tickets before hand and getting there early for a good seat and also try not to go to the bathroom, even if there's a break. Because you may not be able to get back to you chair.
I payed I think $15 for a show almost two years ago to enjoy the infamous Nuyorican Cafe. It's hisptery and dive bar-ish. I happened to know the dude working the door  ( I happened to go to high school with him) but that didn't earn me a discount. Located at the edge of LES. I watched a show with local up and coming rap artist but they weren't that good. It was hard to get the crowd into their music. It was painful because we all had to sit through 4-5 not so great songs. I won't knock the guys too much b/c it ain't easy getting up there.Finally, an excellent poet hit the stage and gave me my money's worth. I'm not sure if I'd come again. I expected to see a really great show the first time but perhaps I will give the urban legend another chance.
This spot embodies everything I love about New York City.. Ever since I heard Miguel Algarín (co-founder) read poetry at Rutgers combined with my love for HBO's discontinued series, Def Jam Poetry, I've been meaning to come here and am sooo happy I finally did. Came here for the Friday Poetry Slam and the line was insane. Thanks to the handy Yelp reviews, I bought the VIP tickets which basically means you pay double ($20) to have a higher likelihood of getting a seat and thank the heavens I paid the extra 10 bux. I skipped the massive line that stretched around the block and snatched a seat in the second row (because Yelpers also mentioned that front row = you are a human back rest) . They really pack it in in but that adds to the really hip, underground artsy vibe. The place is also very run down and tiny but that also adds to the aforementioned vibe LOL Note: Wine and beer is sold here which I wasn't expecting - also credit cards accepted! However, monitor your fluid intake because once the show starts, you literally need to climb over people to get to the bathroom. And then when you come back, you're seat might be taken. Oh and MOST importantly, the talent was unbelievable. Everything and nothing like I was expecting. The host, Mahogany, was hilarious and gracious and wonderful. All of the poets were incredible talented. Also, Miguel Algarín HIMSELF was there, throwin' back beers, having a great time. It was perfection.
This cafe seemed cool and different from the club scene, so I decided to check it out with my gal pal. We paid for VIP tix $20.00 and walked right on into seating, front and center. The place is small but intimate. Dont sit in the front row because people sit on the floor in front of you and have no problem using your legs as a back rest. Not the best place to mingle with guys, everyone here is coupled up, and the crowd is 70% female. It was a racially diverse group so dont be shy. The poetry was heartfelt and often touched on race-relations, women, and the African American community. The hostess was like a stand up comedian, she kept the crowd laughing and dancing during show breaks. The crowd is encouraged to interact with the stage people The DJ was having a blast in his booth and played great hip-hop oldies and new stuff. There was light dancing during breaks.  7$ for a smirnoff (he will ask for ID -_-) ADVICE: (1)No VIP Tix= No Seat. (2)Skinny leg jeans w/ heels, and blouse was the norm for ladies attire. Not too dressy I will definitely be going here again. It was genuine fun ! (I went to Friday night Slam)
Great host, great energy, great writing, and great performance. There's a reason Nuyo remains one of the premier spoken word venues in the world. If you love poetry and you're in New York, make a point of stopping by.
I came out to this historic place for their Monday night open mic. There was nothing open about it. They had twenty slots and all twenty were filled by regulars who spend their 5 minutes shamelessly promoting themselves and repeatedly asking the audience to get up from their seats in order to "feel the vibe." The Emcee was dope and some performers were off the ok. One or two of the performers were exceptional. I waited in line for 2 1/2 hours in order to get on the performers list. I kept seeing people jump in front of me and people in line before me kept calling their friends and having them cut the line. When the list finally came out, I only noticed because some of the people in front of me began leaving. I asked the guy taking names if he had the list, he said yes but that the list was full and that I could be put on the waiting list with no guarantee of getting on the mic. I put my name on the list and it turned out that I didn't get to perform because the regulars and their friends use hog the mic. The venue is historic because of the roots that Miguel Pinero and other laid down, but now, it's just amateur night for a bunch of locals hoping to get some recognition in a musical genre that is over saturated with pseudo-bravado, swag, and over the top performances. There were some heartfelt, real Emceeing going on, just not enough of it. Makes me wonder what Pinero would think of if he were to walk into his beloved cafe and witness what it has become.
I really enjoy this place, i think its a great way to spend a friday night. The friday night poetry slam its so fun and entertaining, its intimate enough that you feel as if you were hanging out with classmates just listening to great poetry. You can bring in food but they don't have any tables so i recommend you only bring finger food. I also recommend you buy VIP tickets because it saves you having to wait a long time in line as well as it assures you a seat. You will still wait in line till they are open which is around 9:40 for VIP for general admission they open much later. overall, ill def go back.. i enjoyed it very much
I use to go to poetry slams on the regular back in college. These were always booze-bong filled events frequented by angsty young people of a particularly dramatic persuasion. Statements of grandeur were never in short supply. Since moving to NYC, I've been meaning to check this place out. However, few of my friends shared such interests and I lacked the motivation to go alone. This past weekend, I finally dragged my girlfriend to one of their Friday night slams. I'm pretty sure she didn't know what to expect, having never been to a poetry slam. It's difficult to describe a slam to someone who has never been to one. So, people recite poetry? They get scores? It's a competition? Doesn't that defeat the purpose? These are all valid questions. I have absolutely zero satisfactory answers for any of them. A slam is an experience. The more you try to explain it, I find, the sillier it sounds - as is the case with most art. We procured a Groupon for $25 which allowed for 2 door tickets and 2 drinks, a great deal, as it turns out. Purchased separately, the cover would have been $13 a person and each drink, $7. You end up saving $15 by going with the Groupon. Word of advice: GET HERE EARLY. We got there around 9:15PM, 45 minutes before the door opened and we were unable to get a seat in the main seating area. We ended up sitting at the bar which afforded us only a mediocre view of the stage, albeit convenient access to the booze. The line, on most nights, can stretch to the end of the block. The performances were amazing. This is NYC, after all. Some were nonsensical, others were heartfelt. Like I said, you can't think too hard about it. The show was rather lengthy. It got started around 10:30PM and ended around 12:30AM. The place was packed with people standing all around us. If you're short, good luck with getting your own air space. I'm always amazed by the power and elegance of the poets at these slams. The whole thing takes so much courage and virtuosity. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who hasn't been to a poetry slam and want to check one out. If you're a poet and want to get in on the slam scene, this also seems like a great place to start.
Friday night slams are awesome. But the line is terrible. Tip: if you have an extra $10-15 to spare, just buy tickets online, they're considered "VIP" and you can theoretically get in without waiting outside! Otherwise, get there an hour early (bring friends!) and expect not to be let in until the very last minute! Sometimes the wait is half the fun though. Good long conversations are hard to come by these days! Once you're in, nab some of the limited seating--otherwise you're stuck on the floor for a good couple of hours. And maybe wait until spring. 1h wait in the cold + getting in to find NO heat and only 3-4 space warmers in the entire venue was a little disappointing. Shouldn't take that long to get things back together after Sandy--invest in some more heaters, people! Fun date night experience though!
I was so excited about this place, but the level of disorganisation really put me off.  A friend and I went on a Saturday night and it was absolute chaos. My first tip is - it doesn't matter if you buy tickets online - get there early and be prepared to wait.  I would say plan to be there at least 30 mins before the show is due to start, as there is no reserved seating.   Secondly, don't expect the show to start on time.  I think it was 10:45 before the 10pm show finally got underway.   Thirdly, be prepared for the fact that they will stuff the place to the gills with far too many people. The sign on the wall said max 120 people, but I counted that many just seated downstairs, not even mentioning the crowds sitting upstairs, crouched on the floors and standing in the aisles.  Didn't really give me a great feeling about fire-safety, especially with the electric heaters and all the sound equipment. After all the chaos, it was hard to focus on and enjoy the poetry.  In hindsight I might recommend trying a week night, when its not that busy.  I don't think I'll be going back - Sorry, Nuyorican, you had so much potential!
The best entertainment experience I've had in NYC so far. Went on a Friday Night grand slam I think so all of the 4 finalists were spectacular, and the featured/guest poet was also amazing. Went the following week, and I think 2 poets were vying for the last spot in the national champion ship, but I heard them the week before so it wasn't as exciting, but still a cool experience. Definitely get tickets in advanced to skip the line and get a seat.
Had a great time here watching WORDS - the hip-hop and poetry/open mic showcase with my friends. Tickets were like $10-13 at the door. There was limited seating but we got there early enough to score some good seats up front. They also have a small balcony section upstairs with comfy couches and seating as well if you can't find anything on the floor. Doors opened at 10 but the show didn't kick off till like 10:50 which was kind of annoying- but I let it slide once the entertainment came on full throttle. We caught a few rappers, one by the name of lefty (young jew skywalker) who was very talented on the mic, a beatboxing comedian (hilarious), some singers, musicians, and quite a few deep and thought provoking spoken word artists. It has a very NY neighborhood feel and I was entertained throughout the majority of the night- I'd definitely return for another showcase. It's a win for something different in my book and I love how intimate the venue is.
I came here for the poetry slam grand finale a few weeks ago. PROS: - It gives a voice to poets not just from NYC, but from all over the North East. - Extremely diverse crowd; one of the most diverse I've ever seen. - Nice venue, with unobstructed views of the stage from basically anywhere, both on the floor and on the mezzanine. - Good acoustics. CONS: - One hour and a half wait to get in[1]. - Pricey ($15 per ticket; $6 for a bottle of Bass). - Overcrowded: once the seats are taken, people sit anywhere on the floor; once the floor is full, people will sit on ANYTHING else that is not taken (you will literally have people standing on your back). - If there is a fire, or if somebody panics, you're going to die[2]. This was my first poetry slam, and I enjoyed it. Most of the poets dealt with heavy stuff, with subjects ranging from race, to abortion, to civil rights. Which is good, but I would have liked to hear somebody try to tackle the same issues with a bit of irony. Or sarcasm. Or a dry sense of humor. Everybody take themselves really seriously here. --------------------------------------------------­---------------- [1] Keep in mind this was the poetry slam grand finale, so the wait may be shorter on an average weekend evening. [2] The only other time I feared for my life due to an overcrowded venue was at the now defunct club Baktun in the meatpacking district for a Jazzanova gig, a few years back.
If there's a fire, you're probably going to die. Especially if you're here for The Moth. Especially if you're in the balcony. Especially if you blew too much money on bottom shelf wine, served in a plastic cup for $6 a pop, and are half-drunk, wedged into a sea of poetry slamming, storytelling, moderately hostile New Yorkers. I think the Nuyorican Poets Cafe can be summed up by the following story: once, at The Moth, a man passed out while seated on stage, and his place was immediately seized by the woman standing directly next to him. And this was while he was still on the floor and the staff was scrambling to clear the insanely crowded room so the paramedics could get through. The man ultimately regained consciousness after a few terrifying minutes and, unbelievably, walked to the microphone and told a quick tale about his lengthy history of fainting. He then disappeared into the streets of the Lower East Side. And, naturally, the show went on. Welcome to New York.
You can keep your velvet-rope, suede-banquette, leather-pants VIP lounges. I'll be at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe on E. 3rd Street, or, as it's more commonly known, Reverend Pedro Pietri Way. Having escaped the scourge of the East Village - gentrification - this bar/performance space retains all its old-school charm: grungy door, plywood floors, ultra-high ceilings, and a small stage at the back of the space, replete with a mangy black curtain. Tables and chairs in the open area in front of the stage, bar stools up front by the entrance. The artwork hung on the exposed brick walls changes from time to time, but the bar itself is always your same old friend. "What would you like?" the bartender asked one undeniably well-dressed patron on a recent night. "I'll have a Stoli and tonic." "Take another look at the bar," Bill replied, moving on to fill another's order. Three Coronas and two Merlots later, he was back, and the hapless customer had at last caught on: beer and wine only. At $4.00 a beer, who could complain? The NPC hosts performances every night except Mondays: spoken word, theater, poetry & slam, hip hop, live music, and film. But let's not tell anyone else about it, ok? nuyorican.org
I wake up Sunday in a weird daze that has absolutely nothing to do with a hangover. For the first two minutes I attempt to piece together a dream that's seems bizarre to me not because of its abstract qualities but because of the unreal reality it illustrated. I am walking with a friend/roommate Claire Danes. We're talking about a poem, the best poem ever, the one that explains everything, only I cant recall the author or the date all I know it's a few words and if I can remember them I will find the time to write and therefore in general have less complaints about everything. It's four stanzas, short 20 word paragraphs.  We end up at a caf I think we are in the east village but I swear all the landmarks are SF. Now that I think of it I realize it is a combination of both a slower New York. Maybe it's another country. This is Claire Danes in that movie Igby Goes Down staring Macaulay Caulkin's younger brother. We are talking about literary theory Deconstruction to be exact and in the next few moments my entire life will be deconstructed by the single hope I have had for my life, writing. There is an older man onstage, it is no longer day. The room is smoky this is some sort of open mic but with fewer words, cutting to the chase, to the core. Maybe it's the late 50's and this man is a beat poet without the pretense, all the best observational qualities in one person, best word choice, smallest ego.  He's seeing right through me and this is uncomfortable. When I attempt to speak no one can hear me. My words do not exist and because of the absolute truth in this I am stunned. I am standing in the back of the crowd so why should this even matter?  What sets me apart from a standard listener?  Could after all this I just be a watcher?   Claire doesn't give me any good advice, its like shes using what I confide in her against me listening to the way I evangelize all I believe to know about writing contrasted against all I don't do. My enemy myself.  Am I Claire Danes?  I see no movie cameras. This is not scripted.   The man onstage is Derrida and he has no patience for people like me. The understanding I get from this is that I can write to exist and the only way I can join in the debate is to be active. I once went to the Nuyorican Poets Cafe to watch a group of slam poets back when that stuff was popular. I was mesmerized by where I was thought I caught a glimpse into a place I would someday be. Thought I heard my views on politics in the words that were spoken. I wanted to scream, but inside knew that the plane ride home would land me back into reality where no matter how much importance I tried to attach to words and expression. I would take off my wig in the hotel room that night and it was like taking off some other person. I could never be a writer in my everyday life. I could not combine the practical with the soul. My heart and my interest in material possessions. I fell asleep reading about sheep herding, the slow food revolution and a different way off life. I kept reading the word transhumance because it sounded good like transformation, transcending. I've never dreamt I was in a movie let alone a movie that so resembled something directed by Woody Allen but I guess in some odd way it makes sense.  The wordiness.
Three Words: Friday Night SLAM !
This is a must-see spot for anyone who can even begin to appreciate poetry. I went not knowing what to expect, and left in awe and shock over the amazing things I saw there that night. It was definitely intense, and I loved the vibe as well as the diverse people there. The regulars were amazing people, and everyone was so supportive of all the readers. The best part, I feel, was the ability to keep a great sense of humor amid all of the intensity. I laughed, I cried... and it was MUCH better than a romantic comedy. The ONLY downside was cash-only at the bar, but it's possible that it was only for the event I was at. I'd check it out before you get there with only $5 on you.
I can't believe I took so long to experience this Cafe being that I am a new Yorker. At first coming in I was tired being that the show didn't start until 10:30 PM. I'm usually in bed at this time, yes I am only 27 but I have long days! The hostess did an awesome job with getting everyone up out of their seats, dancing and jumping their spirits up! It did for me. For a Friday night poetry slam and a first timer it was a great experience! If your not from New York and are in the area definitely a place to visit! And all my fellow New Yorkers if you haven't visit this place, what are you waiting for??! :-)
After watching an awesome TED talk given by Sarah Kay, a spoken word poet, I did a quick google search for places in the city where I could absorb more of this inspiring art form. Nuyorican quickly jumped to the top of my list (in terms of accessibility and timing) and on a fateful friday when i miraculously was able to get out of work before midnight I knew I was headed here. I messaged a few friends and acquaintances to see if they wanted to join but, like my roommate who was content sitting on the couch and sipping her wine, nobody else was interested. No matter, that wasn't going to stop me! And, in retrospect I am glad I went by myself. It allowed me to sit back and take in the whole show unnoticed and uninterrupted. I walked over around 10:40pm and the line was around the corner! Oh man, I thought there was no way I was going to get in but somehow they managed to get everyone in - the space was packed! After some shifting around, and jumping into a vacant seat, Mahogany quieted the crowd down to get the show started. She was hilarious and I wondered whether I was here to watch poets or comedians perform. I didn't care either way. I learned that this night they were having a competition and the winners would be going on to nationals. Boy, I picked a good night to check this place out! There were three rounds of 5 teams of performers. Some were alright, some were good and others were mindblowing, but regardless everyone was cheered on. I'm not even going to try to describe the performances, I will just say that they were amazing, the energy was great and you should take the time to enjoy a show here. Though this was my first visit, by the end of the night I left wishing I could be friends with all of these people! I was dead sober and this was still one of the best Friday nights I have had in the city! CHECK.THIS.PLACE.OUT. You will come away with so much more than the $10 you pay for it.
This is the most diverse poetry venue in NYC, in my opinion. It is a historical place worth seeing, and the poetry on Friday nights is always top-notch. Make sure you arrive early, the place WILL fill up to capacity. It's not only about getting a good seat, it's also about getting in at all, especially on their biggest night (Friday).
The Nuyorican is an amazing place to chill, have a drink and hear slam poetry.  I'm blown away by the talent at this place each time I come here.  This intimate venue attracts a friendly, diverse crowd  that is always supportive of all the performers.  The audience always seems to have a great energy that the artist feeds on, and vice versa.   The Friday Night Slam is very popular -- the performance starts at 10pm, and I suggest getting there 45-60 minutes early to stand in line and get a seat, otherwise you'll be part of the standing room only crowd.  And there's almost ALWAYS a standing crowd on Fridays. Cover for the Friday slam has increased to $10, cash only.  Cash only at the bar as well -- you're limited to a small selection of bottled beers, wine, sodas, water. Come just once and you'll keep coming back for more!
Poets, eh? That's what I said when I heard about this place. I was expecting some grungy place where they'd charge me $10 for a Bud and sing Kumbayah in candlelight. Clearly, that wasn't how the night worked out, or I wouldn't even be wasting your time with this review. If you really need convincing, they have relatively cheap beer ($4/bottle) and the staff is indeed very welcoming. I chatted with the bouncer/owner and the bartender, they were happy to answer questions (Nuyorican is a play on New York + Puerto Rico) and the like. And I haven't even mentioned the poetry yet.  Trust me, it's like steak for your ears!!
Came here on Friday night for the Poetry Slam. Luckily I misread the time and came around 8:45pm thinking it started at 9pm. I say luckily because when we got in, we were the last ones to get seats. The seating is very limited especially if you're not VIP (pay the extra bucks for VIP!). I knocked off the one star because of the timing. Maybe New York is on a different schedule, but when I see that something is supposed to start at 10pm, it damn well better start then. The doors didn't open until about 10:15pm or so. Everything else was amazing. The host was very funny and did a great job making the transitions between poets smooth. I very much enjoyed the competition and hope that I will have another opportunity to come see more New York poets.
I really wanted to love this place.  Came here once many years ago and remember really loving it.  But I came on a Thursday night at the end of a set and made it clear that I was just going to stay for the last song.  They insisted on collecting $30 for the entrance, per person, so I was out $60 to walk in the door.   Then tried to buy a drink and the bartender was really an asshole.  I ordered a couple of mixed drinks and he answered me, in Spanish, saying they only have beer and wine.  I speak fluent Spanish but didn't understand what he was saying because it never crossed my mind that I would be ordering in English and he would just act as if we were speaking another language.  Someone next to me at the bar had to "translate."  Definitely made me feel like a dumb yuppy.   The stage lighting wasn't set up properly so half the musicians were playing in the dark and the piano was mic'ed badly.   Beers were 7 bucks, so twenty minutes of entertainment for $75 bucks.  I won't be back.
The line was long but once it started moving it truly moved....the entrance fee was just $10...(winning! As many NYC hot spots charge $20-30 at the door and even have 2 drink minimums)... Sadly, I didn't get there early enough (they say to line up by 9pm the line didn't start to move until like 9:45-10:00pm)..I arrived at 10:15pm...the show started at approx 10:30pm I didn't have seats and I had to stand. (I totally didn't mind). There is no coat check and I'm unsure about food and drinks (there is a bar) but I was much to enamored by the poets to pay anything else any attention. There are folding chairs and peeps sit "indian stye" on the floor around the stage (which is pretty cool) but it seems the peeps by the bar weren't feeling that. I wish they make sitting on the floor mandatory if you dont have a seat a rule for everyone. I'm tall but my friend really couldn't see the stage (so short people beware!)... We stood and sucked it up and truly enjoyed Mahogany Brown...the host...she's amazingly funny with her "in your face" wit and snap backs. New York attitude all day. The DJs were super cool and on point. Playing hip hop throughout the night. During intermission, everyone stands, they encourage you to mingle and dance. From chics doing the whole "Single Ladies" Beyonce choreography on stage, to reggae and whining to doing the wobble and they even had the crowd screaming "Ballin" (yall know I'm from Harlem and was the loudest HA!!) The into was great. Starting with a "rep yo hood" segment where the host called out different areas and all who were from there hooted and clapped. It was dope to hear all the different places...Cali...Texas...Florida...UK...even South Africa...so of course we all waited for her to come back to NYC and rep the boroughs...I yelled out Harlemmmmmmmm...Stand Up!...lol...hahhaha...and the majority of the folks in the building were from BK! Random peeps in the audience are chosen as judges. Which is cool and truly makes the slam competition. everyone eyes are glued on what the judges will rate the poem from 0-10. At the end all the points are added up and the winners walk away with cash and a spot in the finals. I HAVE TO BE THERE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP slam!!!! The poets were AHMAZINGGGGGGG my favorite was a young black man named Malcolm...his poem "50 N*ggas" was everything....he performed 3 different poems and ended up winning the slam....well deserved....there was another poet there, another young black gentleman named MC...he had the entire crowd participating in his poem and it was dope! Definitely received a standing ovation on that! The poets just kept knocking it out...I wish I remembered all of their names...I felt the energy of all that was shared...from a poem about Bosnia, to a poem about a young Chinese/Japanese (sorry I'm not sure which) woman's mother she called Wire Woman...to an ode to arm pit hairs (yes I'm not lying it was cool and funny!)...to another man sharing about love and his mother...to another poem from MC about his past & hustling.... It was my first time attending and I in my head I  wanted an absolute Def Poetry Jam vibe and got that and so much more...down to snapping for your favorite parts throughout the slam and yelling out "ayeeeeee"...."yessssss"...and other euphemisms. I was beyond hype throughout the night it was such a cool time... My new favorite spot! Whether with friends, family, coworkers, date or alone I think this place has something for everyone. If you head here be ready to feel a REAL side of expression...raw and bold...no apologies...no holding back....open mindedness and lack of judgement is a requirement seriously... Thank you for such a great time...and I will surely make this my new regular hot spot!!!! @MsSherryBlossom on Instagram SherryBlossomBeauty.com
I've gone to a few of the Monday open mic nights and truly enjoy the variety of the acts and unpretentiousness of the venue and host.   I was looking for open mics to test out a story I'd been working on.  I went down there, a bit intimidated, but right from the get go, it was laid back as can be--from the friendly bartender to the encouraging host. Anyone can sign up for a five minute slot--it yields a very diverse group, leaning towards a young crowd with lots of poetry, but there are also musical (of all styles), comedy and other acts.  Plus, you'll likely get to hear some excellent slam poetry and/or singing from the in-house talent.  This mix of art forms and participants makes for an eclectic and inspiring event (perhaps more so than at a niche event).   A genuinely "open" open mic at a place steeped in history and creativity.
The Nuyorican is a place where your senses will be invigorated.  You can taste the love, you can hear the emotion, you can see the matrimony of ryhme and reason, you can touch comradery, and you can smell midnight oil perspiring off of the minds of these brilliant poets, and people.   I went here for the first time just last night for open mic, and I didn't feel like a newbie.  I was a little hesistant about signing up but I intend to be a regular so thats okay:).  They have many events throughout the day, and have been a gem nestled comfortably in the east village for 16 marvelous years.   When your here you are definitely welcome, and no matter what language you speak you can feel the energy, and heartfelt love for spoken word, and humanity.  There are people from all walks of life appreciating the same thing.  You can honeslty feel the love, and the "Sandman" is hilarious. I'm something of a spoken word junkie, and I feel a little embarrased that this is my first time getting to this place, but I feel so much better that I can say I've been here.  They have a nice bar, and small balcony seating upstairs, which gives the place a real artsy, feel.  There are raps and poems in Spanish but you can feel the meaning all the same.  Last night there was a rapper from Columbia who rapped in Spanish and English, and he was dope.  Then there was this woman from France who sang in French, and I think I just about fell in love:). This place is LEGENDARY...MOS DEF, SAUL WILLIAMS, SWEET HONEY IN THE ROCK have all done there thing at this place.  Its no suprise as to why this place is so popular.  It is truly a gem and witnessed some prolific poets and pulchritudinous women singing. It is a treasure. The Nuyorican is here to stay for generations to come...16 years and still running STRONG!........I HEART U NUYORICAN!
I wasn't particularly impressed. I think I just went on the wrong night. I don't really care for MC shows. And the music is usually too loud or the acoustics not really right to accomodate the song being attempted. I wanted to love Nuyorican. I really did. But I don't at this moment. I would consider it a rip-off had it not been for Captin Planit. You can't charge 12 dollars for me to sit and listen to your DJ for an hour while you problem-solve sir. That's not how it works. You communicate with the venue. Knock half off the price. Apologize for the delay and move on with an abbreviated version of what you had planned. You have to do something to make up for the paper cups the coffee comes in and the inadequate bathroom facilities. I forget the host's name. He wasn't very memorable except for he rhymes like a boy I used to like which makes me want to forget his name even more. He wasn't very talented off the top and his big thing was making a joke about that. The DJ was alright. The Beats Battle was an ass-whoopin' from Captin Planit for poor P.O. who couldn't even compare remotely to the talent of the Captin. Then some MCs followed who were not very good with the exception of Northstar from Division X. I was bored. And wished for my 12 bucks to magically reappear in front of me. I'll try it again but it'll have to be free and for the love of chocolate people, please start on time.
Review #100 A MUST!! Period. Me in my complete ignorance of anything past the numbered avenues walked up painfully obviously out of place and disoriented to a nondescript doorway where a couple chill people were standing. Shifty eyes and fidgety, my friend and I asked where do we buy tickets. At which, everyone standing there snickered and condescendingly stated  that our epic cluelessness was "cute".... No advance tickets, no ticket window, just wait in line (in the rain, mind you). No matter, we slinked to the end of the line and tried to blend in with the brick. Just a little nyc flavor to start the night off. We got there early around 8:30 for the 10p Friday night poetry slam, and we were glad we did: 1) because the line started wrapping around the block by 9:15 and 2) because even though we were 6th in line the person in front of us was apparently holding spots for her crew of ummm 20 PEOPLE!!! So, moral, get there early. The place probably should only hold 40 people, but was packed to the brim with at least 150. People were sitting on everything and standing everywhere. Fortunately, we scored seats right up front with a table (again get there early). The lights dim, the show starts. The host was hilarious and bubbly and a straight talker who happily called everyone out. And now to the main feature, poetry! We were lucky to come on the night when Josh Bennett (who performed at the white house and a very popular up and coming poetry star) was the main feature of the night. I had never heard any of his work, my friend is the poetry buff, not me. His performance was excellent and he autographed his newly published books for a few people in the audience. Every performer was 100% genuine, not over done, keep-it-real, powerful storytellers and poets who you genuinely felt were interesting people that you wanted to get to know. We laughed, we were brought to silence, we were touched, we commiserated, and we danced. A complete night that left me exhausted but more energized than I'd felt leaving any club. This is a perfect way to spend your Friday night. And if you want to introduce your out of town friends to some real new york flavor, eccentricity, and camaraderie, Nuyorican is the place. I can't wait to come back. It's worth every penny.
I've been going every now and then for at least 2 years now and it's just as good every time. My big tip is you're gonna have to get there early if you're there for a poetry slam, the line outside gets long quickly and the place gets cramped quickly.
I used to live right by the Nuyorican, always bewildered by the long lines circling the block, but I never understood what all the fuss was about until I finally attended Friday night poetry slam. First thought that popped into my mind: Fire hazard! They cram everyone and their mamas into this tight space. You should arrive at least an hour early if you don't want to sit cross-legged on the floor. Second thought: This is going to be a memorable evening. The energy is amazing. People from all walks of life are here and the poems are downright compelling. The poets are incredibly talented, covering everything from race, religion, and sex with sincerity and passion. It's an experience. The host/MC was hilarious. She kept us entertained between poems and even spat a line of her own: "Roses are red, violets are blue, and you is my boo." Even if you have no interest in poetry, The Nuyorican is a destination worth visiting. It's invigorating.
There is nothing bad you could ever say about the Nuyorican! I had no idea that this place existed until the City Parks Summer Stage hosted the Nuyorican. There was a mix of poetry, Latin Jazz and a particular performance stood out to me, MuMs & Aurora. After seeing them in Central Park, I wanted to experience the Nuyorican for myself and see what the vibe was like. I have to say it is the most laid back place that I have ever been. I've gone to see a few MuMs and Aurora's performances as well as the erotic poetry show. Amazing! Please get there early on a Friday night because the line will stretch down the block!!!
Went there again for the All That ! show. First time I sat upstairs, which I probably wont do again. - Sitting upstairs for some reason makes people thing that they can talk as loud as they want while theres a performance going on and no one can hear them? - Go up stairs if you have a group with you. Then you wont have the urge to choke someone out for being rude. - Shay Fione performed, and she was awesome! To perform live is one thing, but to be good is another.. - Open mic is still the best event.
*Ladies I urge you to come early and wear flats. *Only water, wine & beer are served here. Those are my only qualms; otherwise this place will feed your soul! If you enjoy spoken word this is the spot for you!
I really enjoyed the friday slam night poetry.  My qualms are: The line blows. It was hard to see as we didn't get seats. As the night went on they had a competition which I felt myself disconnect from. No liquor =( However, despite all of that, there was some really great poets.  The DJ was actually really enjoyable as we did spend the majority of the time by his booth.
I went here for a poetry slam ($7) on a Wed. Good space and solid drinks. Not terribly expensive. The line for the slam was long, but it seemed as though the line was only necessary if you wanted to speak or get a prime seat. Although I am not a poet, I enjoyed the slam. However, bear in mind, it is full of people who are very creative, liberal, depressive, and angry. Come to think of it though, that is most poetry. Most of the poets projected a ton of charisma and writing skill and I'd recommend it to any one with an interest in poetry, art, or unclassifiable things like This American Life or the Moth. You should also note that the crowd can be a bit ornery to each other (but very supportive to the poet).
I wish I could have borrowed more adjectives from the poets last night to describe the endorphin rush, the mind blossoming as if an uneducated bud, when watered and cared for properly, blessed with the sunshine of truth and wisdom, flourished in the spring of a stanza. Poets spoke as if Greek Iambic pentameter made friends with American Hip Hop and birthed the children of the corn. A generation of angry youth, filled with angst, and talent, and so much saliva, threw verb's fists that hit hard like a re-noun-ed boxer, hooked my soul, my inspiration, knocked me to the floor, shook me before the ten count and asked me, "Is this it? Is this all you have to offer?" Because the 40 hour week nearly depletes the impulse for creation, insight and motivation. If the glass of mental stimulation was only half full, go to the Nuyorican and tip the poets when they top you off.
How can you not go to the nuyorican! I'm seen so many poets at this place that made an impact in my life because of the words they have spoken. Legendary and the they recently touched up there murals in front. Nuyo will be seen as five stars from my eyes always!
I've been meaning to go to Nuyorican Poet's Cafe ever since I heard about it through Yelp years ago.  I finally got to visit this past week and the week before.  The poetry slams are sooo much fun!  All the poets are so talented and it's such a lively, festive, and joyful event.  I love it! Note: You should get there around 9:15 to stand in line or you're shit out of luck with seats.
Friday night poetry slam: i waited in the freezing ass cold for 45 minutes for some seriously cheesy ass poems in an asses-in-your-face cramped little shitbar. I'm ok with the asses-in-your-face shitbar part...but the scene was too "polite" to make it work. It was like the high school auditorium version of a poetry reading....not mindblowingly raw and original like poetry should be. So tame....with lots of blushing on the audience's part at words like "penis". Then there was the cheese: I actually saw someone snap their fingers as applause. EW! EW! This is a place for people who don't have (or are too afraid to have) drunk-artist friends but wish they did.
Came here back in 2006 for Friday night slam - it was one of the best nights I had in New York. The host was hilarious and got to listen to some seriously talented poets. I even got called out by the host when I told him that I was visiting NYC - he jokingly said for me to empty out my pockets and forfeit my belongings to him. Definitely way funnier at the time than telling it on a yelp[ review... ha ha I really had no idea what to expect despite having the experience described to me a number of times. I think at the end of the day, you just need to go and check it out. And yes, take note of the tips in the notes about arriving early - the queue can get pretty ridiculous.
Mahogany Brown poetry slam
Nuyorican Poets Cafe is a home for poetry lovers as myself. I usually go on Fridays for the poetry slam. You have to arrive at least an hour and a half on line to get seats. Otherwise you'll be sitting on the floor or even worse standing.If you get a seat by the bar, be prepared not to hear much.The bartender makes a lot of noise with his register as well as the people around. All in all you'll have a great time for $10.00 on a Friday night. Amazing experience.
I went to a Wednesday night comedy show and 1000 crunches couldn't make my tummy hurt more. I laughed so hard I cried.  It's current, refreshing and a bit raunchy - a perfect combo. Yes, there was certainly guy that bombed, but there always has to be one.  Poor guy.
I am in LOVE! Initially came here about a year ago for a book release party, but the Friday Night Poetry Slam is where it's at! I purchased the living social voucher for VIP tickets, which enabled us to bypass the regular admission line, so word to the wise: BUY VIP TIX. That way, you're guaranteed a seat, don't have to sit on the floor, and guarantee that you can get in the door in the first place! The host, Mahogany Browne, is hilarious and easily one of the best parts of the show. I think I might have a slight girl crush. But I'm crushing harder on the poetry. DEEP is all I'll say. Those poets will bare their souls to you in the most intimate and heart-wrenching ways, and I promise you will thank them.
This place charged 12 bucks to get in.... and that gets you a very overcrowd room( a potential fire hazard ). If you can't get a seat you can sit on the dirty cold floor, or try your luck on the balcony aka rickety wooden platform. With a line of people stretching down and around the block you would think they would get rid of the tables and the line the chairs up so that more people could fit. When i went there were at lest 100 people there, at 12 a pop they could fix the place up. BUT anyway I went to see a friend perform and once the host took the stage all thoughts of how many ways i could die in this building flew out the window! (Actually there are no windows...) I loved it!! The performers were breathe and moving, and the vibe of the place is truly amazing! They featured performers from all over not just NYC! The host Mahogany Brown was so funny and didn't miss a beat! This place is def worth a visit! The people are amazing, the venue is awful, but its worth the risk! Do it!
I love this hole in the wall, line around the block, sittin on the floor, no active bar, tiny bathroom, leg cramping, tiny stage *sigh* lol I swear, even with the things listed above I cant give it less than 5stars!!! I went for the friday night poetry slam at 10p, had some guest performers that were great! This one guy was doing a state wide tour and he is multi talented to the max! There ws a BX domincana who is also an author that just touched my inner core!!! I wish I remembered their names smh still, the talent was unrelentless I felt like a child in a candy shop with more finger snapping and yelling 'wooohh' The actually competition portion was fierce! great poets! advice: get there early, its 10 at the door, sitting is limited but something about sitting on the ground crowded around that tiny stage...it just works The bar should be opening soon so yea Not for the faint of heart-dey b cussing! lol and it can get a lil lewd, just go with the flow the poets are deep! The host, this brooklyn chick..yea she is funny! totally worth it and all round awesome show. Idk how ppl sit upstairs smh try to sit by the stage
Awesome spot...just read the other reviews. Go on a Friday, check the website for the lineup.  Get there early for a seat, like 45-60 min early (it gets crowded).  Cover about $10.  Great spoken word/poetry slam.  The guests are the best and truly a treat.  The competitors are usually great as well.  They have a variety of all great looking events as well.  Just a great place to experience in the heart of Alphabet City.
I first heard of this place from a movie called Piñero, I had to experience it. Friday night poetry slam! All the poets verses were thought provoking, and intelligent, some more than others. Beer & wine is all they serve.. get there early so that you can get a good seat and prepare to be blown away by some amazing poets. The host is a cute funny gal, the dj plays old school hip hop, 10 bucks a head, but worth it. I will definately come back here when i got back to NYC!
Still one of the top spots in NYC for poetry. Some of my favorite poems come from various poets that have performed and later published their poetry (such as Pedro Pietri, co-founder of the Cafe) Take time to check this classic place out and vibe out. . .
NOTE: The only really enjoyable nights are the Friday night poetry slams. That being said, I enjoyed myself when I went to the Nuyorican and it was my first time. The poetry was intelligent and the host was entertaining...a little pompous at times, but still entertaining. There were definitely more than a few people there who could be defined as posers  , and the bartender gave my friend an overpriced, watery drink but I overlooked it since the show was good. I would say to definitely get there early  and leave right after the slam because then they do an open mike that was a little boring.
I've been there for a few performances. The spot is great. nice and cozy not your typical socialite hangout but its a place where you can unwind and relax. You have to get there on the early side to ensure you have a good seat and trust it will be worth it!
This here's an institution. If you're ever in need of a good laugh, cry, or heart-stopping, thought-provoking remedy, you're guaranteed to get all of it here - all on the same night.  You can even get your dance on. Friday Night Slams are popular so make sure you get in line early to snag a seat.  The host is awesome, the DJ is live, and so is the crowd.  It's $10 a pop but well worth your money and you'll be supporting artists that are about something.   Plus, you can't put a price on reviving your soul.
Going to the Nuyorican Poets cafe is an amazing experience. We went to a 10:00 show on a friday night and listening to the poets was like being on an emotional rollercoaster. We had to wait in line for almost two hours to make sure we could get seats, but as a small group we were able to take shifts waiting in line as others walked around and got coffee. Its true that the cafe gets really crowded, the staff is a little rude, and the bathrooms are disgusting. But, I think that's all part of the experience and I wouldn't expect it to change.
I went for the Friday Night Slams.  Used living social VIP tickets and was able to skip the line.  I recommend you go early so you can get seats together if you go with anyone else.  I didn't like that the venue is small and everyone is all cramped up together.  I had a end seat in the back and was annoyed by the people standing behind me and the people sitting up on the wall next time me because there was no more room for them to sit.  I didn't expect the performances to be so lengthy.  the only reason why I took away one star is because of how packed the place was.  Overall all the poets were good and I would return to Nuyorican poets café.
I had not gone to a poetry slam in a long time and so when my friend told me about the Book Tour for the Domestic Crusaders, I was definitely in. I'm so glad I went because not only did I have a really delicious Hot Tea with Milk and Sugar, I got to listen to some really good poetry, monologues, and bits of the Domestic Crusader's play.   The Nuyorican Poet's Cafe is a very comfortable, intimate space.  There is a bar right as you enter and a small stage with chairs for about 80 - 100 people towards the back.  There is also standing room upstairs.  I went to the 6pm show, so it wasn't too crowded.
So this was my first time coming here. Overall, I thought the vibe was chill. The night  I went when Mohagany Brown hosted. There was a  contest (two teams comprised of slam poet-veterans) where judges (regular audience members) scored performances. Some of the "veterans" I wasn't all that impressed with. The strongest poet clearly was Mohagany. This is a good place to go if you are tired of the nightclub and bar scene. I would add "good place to expand your mind," but most of the poets just weren't that deep (not nearly as deep as they thought, anyway). Cons: This place gets PACKED! My friend and I ended up sitting by the fire exit door (for most of the night anyway, then some guy told us it was a hazard for us to sit there, whatever...) To ensure that you have seating, make sure to stand on the line that forms rather early outside. Other cons? Posers...yup, plenty of 'em in the building. Don't get me wrong, I appreciated the diversity of the crowd. It's just that everyone wants to be "deep" and "conscious." Finger-snapping and a "umhumm" is not necessary after every expletive, pause or stanza.
I absolutely love this spot. I like the fact it was small/intimate setting. I went to the poetry night 2x and really loved it. Just sucks that you either have to arrive early and wait on an assembly line outside for 45min+ so that inside you can find a seat. Or arrive when the show starts (risk not getting in b/c of the crowd) and stand the entire show crammed into the whole in the wall. Yeah I bet you opted for the first choice. I went to the Hip-Hop night (something like that) as well in 2011. It was so fun. They has banana pudding that hit the spot.  The hosts are these two men (twins maybe?) that were simply hilarious and free styling on the beat drop. Seems like the spot to hit, right? WELL turns out this place is a hit or miss. I went on a Jazz night (HORRIBLE). I was expecting Medea's Family Reunion type Jazz and open Mic. Boy was I wrong. I'm not sure if it's like that all the time but it was so bad that I'd rather not even bother giving it another try. Better off going to Village Underground for Jazz.
This is one of my favorite spots in NYC. Unfortunately, yelp and the mainstream crowd has found their way here. So, I don't go as often as I use to. But is it wonderful none the less. Get there early if you want a seat!
I really wish I could give this place five stars, so the Nuyorican needs to like, seriously expand. So this is more like 4.6 stars. The Nuyorican is like THE pioneer that started the entire movement. The energy is incredible, the vibe is amazing, Wednesday night or Friday night. This place also seems to be popular with girl-girl couples and sexy intellectuals of either gender. The crowd is friendly, bonded by poetry ... so screw that divebar or club with arrogant bouncers. Come here. On Friday nights it's often standing-room only, but that's part of the experience. It's like being in a crowded mini-stadium cheering for the art of poetry. Also one of the hosts has this reaaally smooth voice and dresses in classy (not cliched!) Harlem Renaissance-ish attire. jaaazzy.
Being of fan of the arts, I have to say, these were truly inspirational indviduals. Attended a Monday night open mic night, $5 to perform, which was well worth the admission. Have a bite to eat before you go, no food available, although there is a bar for some liquid courage, make sure that you dress accordingly, the heat was not working which made the room ice cold, until the show started... Be prepared for a memorable experience!
My friend came here in 1996 and recommended me to visit this place for my first trip to NY, and when I entered this room and heard people speak their own rhythms and their own rhymes, mingling with live hip hop / jazz my heart sank. The vibe was clear- we were all unique individuals unifying in a room with heartfelt creative soul. I felt incredibly motivated and inspired, and I can't wait to find places like this on the west coast.
Not a bad place. I performed there. Very, VERY crowded though, and wasn't very big. The crowd was great, and I enjoyed the energy and at first I didn't like the live band but, I got used to it. Definitely was different flowing to something made up at the scene. It cost me $10 to get in because I brought an old school ID. They have contests but the winner wins $10, which is only like what, a $3 profit if not meeting the fee you payed out flat. Pretty pointless. Anyways, it was a good experience, and there was some good (and weird) poets up. I did poetry and performed. I  also don't like the "one verse each". What's the difference between someone performing for 5 mins and my group going back and forth for 3? Anyway's cool place. Check out our performances youtube.com/watch?v=nxYj… youtube.com/watch?v=34po…
I went to the Friday night poetry slam which was -- no joke -- the first time I'd heard poetry recited aloud since high school English class, so if you're like me -- a math geek with an open mind, this review is for you... The logistics are a bit of a bummer. We got in line around 9:30pm and were about 3/4 of the way back. It supposedly starts at 10pm, but we weren't let in until 10:15pm. All the seats were taken by then, but we sat up on some high blocks in the back of the room. Others filled in on the floor. It's basically one big room with a red brick wall on one side and colorful murals on the other. There's a small bar / DJ area and an upstairs area overlooking the floor. Really cool ambiance. The crowd was from all of the place. The MC asked around and there were visitors from out of town and out of the country. A lot of cheers when she asked for people from Brooklyn and Harlem. Not so much from Manhattan which was a little surprising. You would have thought some Lower East Siders at least would have shown up. =P The atmosphere was pretty pumped. The DJ played hip hop music and the MC cracked jokes. There was a featured poet (Roger Bonair Agard) who was quite amazing. Loud, expressive, passionate voice. His poems touched on being black, politics, living in Chicago, his father, a woman, etc. They were pretty modern and concrete so I felt like I mostly followed if I was closely paying attention and even if my mind wandered at times, I could appreciate an elegant or apt turn of phrase here or there. Then the "slam" part... there were 2 men who were not part of the slam, but each performed one poem just to start things off. There were 4 contestants -- all men again in their 20s or 30s (so I felt like there could have been some more diversity there!). 5 randomly (I think...) chosen audience members gave scores (all scores were very generous -- nothing was ever below 8/10). They did 2 rounds each. Some of the poems were narrative-like... some gritty portraits about family life, the story of a stripper, odes to people's mothers, fathers, and grandmothers, and some political rants about race and identity. Cool stuff. All the recitations were pretty fast (kind of like slower version of rap). No bongo drums. People did indeed give out snaps. =) There wasn't really a big deal made of the "winner" -- they were all very good. At that point, they turned it over to open mike night which I was curious to see, but it was 12:30am and we were really tired, so we left.
Me: How much for a Sam Addams? Bartender: Recession price, six dollars. Me: Oh yeah? How much before the recession? Bartender: Six dollars. Marvelous! Great space, great people. I came on a Wednesday night for the Write From Wrong series, which if I remember correctly featured work written by poets about their time in prison or while in prison. Some of it was your standard cosinal-volumed overly dramatic slam fare, but some of it was truly moving and right up there with the best spoken word I've seen. The crowd, though small for the event, was totally engaged. Probably the best atmosphere for poetry I've found outside of the Green Mill. I came back later in the week with hopes of reading at an open mic. For that, the place was packed. I got away with two pieces, one a success, the other a mild flop, but it was a great experience. Again, the audience couldn't have been better to read in front of, and everyone from the curious audience member to the staff treated me like family. If you have any interest in poetry or spoken word, or are just looking for a different kind of place to take a date, this has got to be on your list.
WOW. I had to wait in line for 40 minutes to get in but we totally lucked out because we got to see the poetry grand slam! the finals! Mahogany Browne is an amazing hostess. She gets the crowd all happy and kicking!  An event worth going for. I'm not going to say more and spoil it. All I'm going to say is, go for it. Just go. Like so many others have said, go with an open mind and you won't be disappointed. Just go, go, go. (-1 star for the long long wait and the dull ache in my behind from sitting cross-legged on the hardwood floor for about 3 hours)
they made me wait over an hour outside (one of the band members were late)...but it was so worth it. Came around 8:40 on a wed night for their 9:30 open mike...but we didn't get in until 10 or so. i would never wait that long for ANYTHING (for a club? never)..but the show was entertaining, funny, and eye-opening. Places like this makes me appreciate nyc so much more...
The best poetry cafe I've been too. The atmosphere is really welcoming and inspiring. Just try it out it's lovely.
Nuyorican offers quality poetry slams!  The only reason for a four and not five-star rating was the lack of seats for everyone they allow in... lots of people had to stand or sit on random objects (like we did with one of the speakers!).   Remember to get there early to stand in line or you may not  even get in... also, the closer you are to the front of the line, the more likely you will get a seat... which for such a long show, you will want!
Pros: Went on a Poetry Slam night with a featured poet, Erica Fabri. She was ok with her MANY poems about love from her new book. I much more enjoyed the poetry slam. The artists varied from backgrounds and many of the subjects were related to racial or suicidal issues which made the topics intense. More than half of the audience were locals (many from Jersey) so it was fun to be in a crowd of locals.  The MC interjected periodically who was quite funny and really tried to get the audience to interact. I would def. go back again for fun. Cons: Went over the holidays so it was packed from ceiling to people sitting on the floor..really crowded. Thankfully my friend and I got seats.
Even before walking into this little hole in the wall poetry cafe, I knew I was about to see something special. I don't know what set that feeling off for me; maybe it was the beautiful graffiti on the outside walls, or the prolific soul of being in the Lower East Side, but I just knew that inside those doors would be not a hint of disappointment. My poetry teacher always told me back in college that you could never fully understand a poetry cafe until you go into one. She would always say it's not just a place where people go and read poetry. It's a place that embodies the pure emotions of poetry without a word being spoken. And coming all the way to New York, and having the famous Nuyorican Poets Cafe be the first poetry cafe I ever visit, I can now finally understand fully what my teacher was trying to say. I saw a few performances here during my trip to New York. The acoustics of the cafe are amazing. You can really feel the words dancing off the solid brick walls. The staff is all extremely nice, and yes, there is a bar. Really, the only problem that I had here was that the bathroom was broken one of the nights, which wasn't all that great, especially considering there were drinks involved. Otherwise this was a great poetry cafe. Definitely on my list of places to go back to if I ever find myself back in New York.
Wow, great place!! Visited from MA., friend raved about this place...she was on target. Only complaint- she neglected to warn me of how packed it can be..we shuffled in out of the rain to stand squished in the bar area, unable to move or see the stage- nor did she mention the fact that they only took cash. All of the seating was full, had I know to go early that would have prevented  the 2 hours sitting on the wood floor crosslegged. But, even w/ the drinkless uncomfortable seating- it was worth it!! The poets were sooo good, the hostess was very funny and made the vibe perfect. So go early, bring cash and sit back, relax and enjoy- a must!!
I want to tell you all about a new artist who isn't so new....but new to you....sounds like Flip Wilson's Geraldine, Or perhaps Tiny Tim, but different. "Yes he sings mostly in falsetto but he does deliver the funk ...right to your soul.....and unique to the NuYoRican...love it there... royaljones.com itunes.apple.com/us/albu… soundcloud.com/royal-jon…
The bartender kept the wine flowing and kept us laughing. We came here for a poetry slam, and the performers were amazing. The vibe is so welcoming and encouraging. It was a very diverse crowd in every sense of the word. The owner is a fiesty older man but don't let him intimidate you, lol. Come here with an open mind and open heart and you'll have a good time.
Went recently with a date who shares a love of poetry for their Friday night slam. This venue isnt for the faint of heart. It was extremely raunchy to the point there were lots of uncomfortable looks on people's faces. Perhaps it was the competition, or maybe that's the aura in general. I wouldn't call it classy by any means so if you're a slight bit on the fancy side, DEF skip this venue! I didn't appreciate the political agenda sprinkled throughout the night (there were multiple references of outrage over the Zimmerman verdict) and lots of stabs at police officers so if youre a civil servant - BEWARE. The show's theme always made a loop back to oppression within the African American population, sexism, and racial inequality. It resonated with many of the patrons (most of whom were black) but as a Caucasian I felt the venue should have been more balanced. Drinks were fairly priced but the seating was horrible. Arrived early but still had to wait over an hour for the doors to open. Lots of patrons (who apparently knew better) were drinking forties or smoking pot on the line waiting for entrance. It was crowded and the poor ventilation will leave you sweaty in a thick cloud of your neighbors' exhaling. It was a different experience but I'd select a  mainstream venue in the future that doesn't try to promote a message or ideology - something thats far less pretentious with a relaxed vibe versus the anxiety-echoed tension many of us felt here.
Nuyorican is in a class all its own. The atmosphere is relaxing, the personalities of the hostess, poets and bartenders are warm , the patrons are friendly and you come out of the experiences a slightly more enlightened individual. It is a great place to spend a night. My only piece of advice is : make sure if you are going to attend the Friday night slam that you arrive early. I always try to get their by 9:15 to ensure that I have have a seat.
Couple friends and I came here for the Friday Night Slam, and I was a bit hesitant to add five stars because of the long wait outside. So the show begins at 9, but the line starts an hour or so before it begins. To get decent seats, you should come early because the line actually stretches around the block. If you have money or are coming on a date, there are "VIP" tickets for $20 which means a wait for a quarter of the time and the privilege to actually sit on chairs. I remember thinking that this wait better be worth it. And it was! The emcees and the poets are excellent and the crowd had a blast.  The people that work there are friendly.  My only complaint is that the place is super crowded, to the point where a lot of people are sitting on the floor. It gets a bit uncomfortable for extended periods of time, but I think every hour or so there's a break.  There's also an open mike starts at 11 pm or 12 am, if that's your thing.
I visited the Nuyorican Poets Cafe a couple weeks ago on a Friday night. Overall, I had a good time.. and it seemed as if everyone else was as well. They have a bar so I had a couple of beers and enjoyed the show. My only problem with the location were the bathrooms... there was always a long line, and not many bathrooms somewhat of a problem with a very packed audience. As the night went on many people left since the show seemed to drag on for hours. If you plan on coming here make sure you are prepared to stayed for a few hours, overall though it was a good experience!
Epic win burlesque! Nice venue although only Beer and wine. Bummer
HORRIBLE! DO NOT GO HERE. (pls note this review is not reflective of the Poets who are amazing...only the VENUE). This USED TO BE my favorite spot for a great Friday night to hear wonderful Poets and get some good ol' fashion LES culture. The VENUE has capitalized on its reputation and have completely DESTROYED THE EXPERIENCE. The turned a great neighborhood staple into something of a TOURIST TRAP. Here are my complaints about my recent and LAST visit to his HORRIBLE VENUE last Friday night .   #1. I don't mind standing on line for a great show, a film, or a concert BUT NOT WHEN IT IS 9C outside and SNOWING!!!!!  Not only did they have people waiting on line (arrived at 9pm and were let in at 10:15pm..........after 1 hr and 15 mins in freezing weather) My poor friend was FREEZING & SHIVERING in her winter coat and the "BOUNCER" AT THE FRONT KEPT BS-ING THE LINE TELLING US THEY WOULD LET US IN "in 10 mins). I say...........GET SOME BUSINESS SENSE! If you allow the line of ppl in to your establishment they will buy from the bar! You will make money on the door sales + alcohol sales. Plus you won't discourage ppl to return. You do not need an MBA to figure out a way to make revenue and still keep your patrons happy. #2. They have instituted its PRE-SALE crap on their website. The tix have been increased from $10 to $13 at the door (I'm not mad about that......... the rent probably went up) On the website its $20. BUT I HAVE A BIG PROBLEM WITH THE FOLLOWING:  The "Bouncer" had a "list" outside the door and was waiting for the pre-sale people to arrive until 10:15pm and told us that we weren't allowed in until the pre-sale people came in and took their seats. WHATEVER WAS LEFT WERE THE "LINE PAYERS" SEATS...................... Is this the NYC version of "Les Miserables"????? The POOR ppl freeze outside on line while the wealthy people sit inside the venue for 1hr 15mins awaiting the rest of the pre-sale ppl. Not only were we not allowed to go inside until the "pre-sale" ppl came and took their seats but if anyone has been there before they know the venue is not big. So you would need to be one of the 1st 15 ppl to get a seat. ......the rest....."thanks for your money and for freezing for art............either stand and not see anything or sit on the cold wet floor (from the melted snow)...... #3. Other thing...... NO HEAT INSIDE........... I understand, Hurricane Sandy was hard on everyone. Things are slowly coming back up.......... but COME ON!!!!!! After 1hr and 15 mins in the snow you get inside and the VENUE IS LIKE AN ICEBOX WITH ONLY 3 HEATERS. 1 for the stage (understandable, 1 for the DJ and 1 at the foot of the stairs. NO WHERE NEAR THE AUDIENCE MEMBERS OR BATHROOMS. I was soooooooo ANGRY AND DISAPPOINTED. I was still fuming all the way until the MC came on. #4.  The "show" doesn't begin until 11pm BUT DOES THE SITE SAY THAT? NOPE! It says the show begins at 10pm. So let's recap: -Arrive @ 9pm -Freeze for 1hr & 15 mins in the Snow in 9C weather -Finally get in & Sit in an ICEBOX VENUE for another 45 mins while the rest of the "line-ppl" aka the poor were slowly allowed into the building.   I must say, once the MC "Mojagency Brown" came to the stage and began to perform, and the amazing poets came up I TEMPORARILY forgot our ordeal. The Poets were really great. I RECOMMEND THAT NO ONE COMES HERE!
Whenever I am back in ny I hit NYPC.  It feeds your soul.  Makes you feel more alive.  And...this is going back some years now...I performed some of my teen-angst poetry there.  I have no idea how good it was but it's something everyone should do once. Thanks for keeping on keeping on.
Came to this awesome cafe in east village on a recommendation. I have nothing but great things to say. They do not have a bar license so it was BYOB which was a huge plus then the band Afraz....I don't even have the words. An Afro-Cuban outfit entertained us the whole night. The sax player played his trumpet at the same time. Something I've never seen before. Definitely a talent! This place is no frills but it's a great way to spend a Saturday night. A definite when I'm in NYC again.
This is such a great hidden gem! Perfect for a casual night out with friends or a date- they have a full bar inside, too. I went on a night expecting to hear solely slam poetry but the night ended up being more of an open mic. Brave souls presenting ranged from funny original raps, pieces played on the piano and guitar, to jokes. Check it out!
This is now easily one of my absolute favorite places in this city.  The Friday Night Poetry Slam was just out of this world amazing.  Make sure to show up early, at least 30 minutes before doors open... Worth it, this was the most incredible evening of amazing poets.
Everyone has to do the Friday Night Slam at least once. Period. Great poets. Wall-to-Wall People (literally, I have seen people sit on top of speakers to get in here to hear the slam). Drinks. Living Puerto Rican History. What more is there to love? But if you are planning on getting a seat, you have to be there at least 30min early. Be warned.
I went here once with a friend, on a friday night. Pros- the poets were amazing! It was a very crowded audience..some people I chatted with were nice. The host was live!! Enjoyed her alot. I loved the vibe & energy of the place! Cons- pretty long wait outside before we could get in. We had to stand up for the whole night, limited seats & limited space.   There are 2 levels, seats & bathrooms upstairs. (bathrooms downstairs too).  Bar at this poetry spot as well. I am happy I found out about this place. I enjoyed myself and would definitely go back there again!!!!
the nuyorican is my absolute favourite place in new york city.  okay.. the world.  while i have never been to a slam, i have seen Yerba Buena perform here a number of times, as well as various latin jazz bands.. all of which make me wish i never needed to go home.  the patrons and the staff, and the performers too, are all very friendly!  i feel so comfortable here that this is one of the rare places that i would feel fine going to alone.  oh, and all of the performances i've seen have cost me a $7 to $10 cover charge. BALLINNNNNNNNNN !
I've never been comfortable around poets- I never know how to act.  To me, people who can write poetry should be put on shrines or something- they have such ease of language.  And so, I always end up doing something dumb in the presence of someone poetic.  I sputter and try to quote Shakespeare- and I just end up making a fool of myself.  Mostly because I'm genuinely foolish.  But.  I don't regret coming here.  I heard some great poetry and met some intensely interesting people.
Definitely a spot that encompasses what NYC is all about--or what it should be all about, at least. There are different themes on different nights, anything from music to open mike. The talent there is legit, and the atmosphere is awesome. There are some spots you just walk into and feel like you've made a good decision! Selection of beers, etc., but it's the diverse crowd and awesome performers that'll keep you wanting to come back.
A MUST SEE!  you  should go here even if youre not into poetry because somehow itll lure you in one way or another! you get to see some of the best in slam poetry here!  but you should get here early because there is always a line out the door an hour before the show starts!
Plan to arrive early.
Arrive early for good seats. Expect to wait for an hour or so. Other than that great show will definitely go back soon!
This place is almost part of myth; outer-borough kid discovers innate creative poetry spark through ventures to crumbling e. 3rd street building on the eve of gentrification spread, only to return grown, in the Oughts, to find cafes, condos, and well-lit sidewalks; all the while inside the beat and thrum of real NYC soul still (years later) spouts and spins and runs linguistic circles. Nuyorican Poetry Cafe...my first inspirations still come from there...need to go back and check it out again.
I've gone to this place since I came to NYC for college in 1999 and it's great.  I've always enjoyed the atmosphere, the poets, and the people.  Recently, I've been turned off by the pretentiousness of some of the folk that work there.  Yes, this is a cool, chill place but it's supposed to be welcoming to all, right?  It was sort of upsetting to me that the Nuyorican has some sort of exclusiveness now.  Alas, a little pretentious 'tude won't turn me off because I am all about supporting the poets and the community that the Nuyorican still stands for!
