Like grilled chillies with tacos.
After seeing this 5 star taco place pop up on Yelp, I scurried my butt over on a Tuesday night at 6 on the dot to grab some grub! This place is located right next to the Spice market in Chelsea Market - follow your nose - you won't miss it! I quickly placed an order for a Carne Asada taco with corn tortilla - only $3.50! The next part is important - GIVE ONE OF THE GUYS YOUR RECEIPT otherwise they won't make you anything! There really should be some sort of communication between the cashwrap and the workers in the kitchen because it is REALLY confusing. Consider adding a sign? I had my steak taco done up with the works - added only a squirt of lime. It came topped with guac - YUMMOOOOO. I loved the corn tortilla and the intense flavoring of the meat. However, the steak itself was a bit dry. Next time, I'd be down to try the pork everyone is raving about! Once I inhaled my taco and peaced around 6:15pm, a line was starting to build! No worries though - they're quick!
the best pollo and carne tacos in the city, hands down.  The QUESO taco ( pollo or carne) are also off-menu solid pics, but get a bit messy eating with your hands. Good for on the go eats, or even to eat there.  there isn't seating, so should be comfortable taking it to go, or standing and eating.
I am from the west coast and the tacos and quesedillas here are the best I have had in NYC.
It's probably one of the only taco joints in the city to serve up nopales - that slimy delicacy perfect in a taco.  Adobada is very tasty as well. Prices are reasonable, and service is quick.  Definitely improving the currently lackluster Mexican street food scene in this city. Worth battling the crowds in the Chelsea Market for.
I've eaten tacos in Texas, and I have to say these are probably the best ones i've ever had!  Unfortunately I had to take these to go for lunch, which I still regret.  It was all soggy when I got back.  Love that they make it for you on the spot with your preference on the toppings.  All the tacos were perfectly seasoned and packed into the little taco.  Tried all three meat tacos but the Adobada was my favorite!  Flavorful, crispy tips, and the pineapple piece just tops it perfectly.  The only flaw I saw was that it was wrapped with 1 taco shell instead of 2.  Definitely worth going back and eating it there next time.
Really, these are los tacos number one. The best al pastor-style taco that I have eaten outside of Mexico came from this little joint hidden in Chelsea market.
Everything made fresh in front of your eyes. Great tacos and I also love the quesadilla! The line can be long but if you happen to go between major meal times you should definitely check it. Unfortunately there's no seating area.
i don't eat pork but that carne asada is good enough for me. you have to spend a minimum of $6 to use plastic but it's not bad since you need to buy at least 2 tacos to keep you satisfied. the pollo adobo was NOT good :/ the best mexican food i've had in NY. LOVE it.
We got in line around 8pm last night after starting the night out at Mokbar right next door for some Kimchi Ramen.  Line moved quickly and we ordered and got our tacos and gaucamole/chips with efficiency.  Tacos were fantastic, as was the guacamole.  Tons of salsas to choose from as toppings.  Nowhere to sit but a small bar that is shared.  I will definitely be back!
Great authentic tacos. Fast, eat 'em and go. In Chelsea Market so can eat there or walk to High Line.
We tried the Pollo Asado tacos and quesadilla. First off, the process is a little confusing. You place your order, then move along in the line and give your ticket to the cook. He then prepares the food. We weren't exactly sure how it worked and basically watched the people around us to figure it out. They gave us the food on tiny plates and there is no seating, so we had to get napkins, forks, sauce, and juggle them around Chelsea Market until we found a seat -- not an easy task on a busy day. We finally found a place and bit into the tacos. Wow! They tasted amazing! The only problem is they were messy and we only had these small plates, so we had to basically devour them quickly before the dripped over our clothes. That was the easy part because they tasted amazing. I wish there was some seating, but the food was still worth the ordeal.
These are my favorite tacos in NYC. Mexican food in America is very subjective as Mexico is a massive country with many different regions and specialties, and every American transplant prefers what they grew up with in their corner of America. I'm from San Diego, and the owner of Los Tacos is from Tijuana, and I can say that these are exactly like what I grew up eating on surf trips to Baja. The types of tacos that make the 3-8 hour wait to get back across the border worth it. The tortillas are pressed fresh and amazing. The quesadillas are amazing. It tastes as though parts of the cheese are fried from making direct contact with the grill. The adobada is a must for an authentic experience. Don't be scared to try the free extras like the grilled green onions, raddishes and peppers. They are all delicious, FREE and part of the Baja taco stand experience.
I live in California just north of Tijuana Mexico and this is about as close to being in TJ as you'll get. I'd put these street tacos against anything you'd find in Southern California and even TJ.
I ordered a pork taco, cactus taco and guac and chips. the pork taco was very flavorful! I highly recommend and don't forget to put salsa and hot sauce on it. they have medium and spicy hot sauces (be careful, the spicy one is pretty spicy) my first time having cactus taco and as my friend says it tastes like a slippery pepper hahha They also have a kick to it as well. I felt like the cactus taco was more soggy because of the cactus. you can never go wrong with guac and chips - an A+! They do serve jamaica, horchata and tamarind drinks - all of which were very delicious! Not much counter space to eat, but Chelsea Market has a ton of tables and chairs so you can find a spot. I'd come back for the pork tacos and drinks!
Amazing!!!!! The soft corn tortilla with whatever - chicken or steak is the bomb diggity (I don't usually refer to food in comparison, but these tacos are amazing). These are the best authentic tacos I've ever eaten and where they're located - market environment similar to EATELY but more rustic.
This was the best quesadilla I ever had in my life!  It hit the spot, filled me up, and I will be back for more.   If the line looks long, don't fret!  The line moves fast.  They run a tight ship and everyone working was on the ball and extremely pleasant. My only warning is that the taco and quesadillas are small in size, so you'll do best ordering by a couple of everything.  I must add, the fresh flour tortilla's were perfect, the shaved pork was awesome, and the slices of pineapple on top really sealed the deal for me.. MMM.
WARNING: GLUTEN FREE NOT GLUTEN FREE. YES! After two visits, I agree these are the BEST TACOS in New York.  Amazing.   However--Twice now I've had to dash off to a public bathroom (thanks Manhattan Ministorage!)  after eating their "GLUTEN-FREE" CORN TORTILLAS. The sign says one thing, my body says another.  What gives?  I can eat tacos from the taco truck on 14th and 8th ave with no problems.  Could it be they share the same processing equipment with flour products?
Bien hecho Los Tacos! I was very pleased with my carne taco washed down with a cactus plate. We all have been South of the border in our group and agreed this was spot on. Well worth the trip out of our way for tacos.
At peak hours, you will have to make like a linebacker to get thru the throngs of tourists marveling at all the options of where and what to eat inside the vast Chelsea Mkt. but trust me, it's worth the rush to get to Los Tacos No. 1 for fresh hand made corn tortillas filled with abobada or chicken for tacos.  What a taste sensation!  Pay the cashier for your order, move to the left and prepare to wave your receipt when one of the servers calls out to the masses "Next!"
Came back a second time (as promised!) with a friend from out of town and we had a spectacular meal. One of the owners came out to ask about our experience and the food which was thoughtful. We got the chips and guacamole, a tamarind, and hibiscus ague fresco, and quesadilla pollo asado, and tacos adobada. All items were tasty, flavorful and filling! Definitely my go-to spot anytime I come to Chelsea Market.
OBSESSED. I usually get 3 pork tacos with the corn tortilla. The salsa is extremely spicy so if you can't handle it, ask the guys to make it without. So good, if part of my taco fell on the ground I would eat it off the dirty streets of NYC. Yup, THAT good
people keep asking me where to find the most authentic mexican street tacos. this is it! ¡son de poca madre, guey!
The most awesome tacos and quesadillas I have ever had. The only thing is that it is quite expensive. Especially for the small size tacos and quesadillas like they serve here. It is $3.50 for a taco and $4.50 for the quesadilla. Overall the food was the one of the best Mexican food I have ever had in New York. It's also includes all the small Mexican joints I have been to in Queens and Brooklyn) I came here with a friend, we were looking for a cheap Mexican joint to eat and I am so glad we found Los Tacos. The quesadilla was just like a taco, but with melted cheese in it. It was fresh, delicious, and with everything good. Try not to go at noon, because you'll will end up waiting for 30-40 min in a line.
The carne asada tacos on corn tortillas are delicious, but be warned... The salsa is hot! My husband and I are use to spicy salsas, but this took us by surprise. You'll live without breaking a sweat, but you'll want something to drink after!
The people making tacos are so friendly. You know these tacos are good whenever there are Asian people choosing tacos with salsa over the Asian place in front of the restaurant.
After reading about this place a lot, I had very high expectations. And it did not disappoint! The tacos are oh-so delicious! They are the perfect size. I had four. Make sure you try the NOPAL. Couldn't believe Cactus could taste so delicious. Also had their pineapple fanta. I loved it so much that I'm now a fan. This is one place I'm going to frequent.
BEST TACOS I HAVE EVER HAD. Hellooooo People...this is a bold statement and I have said it!!  :) I was walking around Chelsea Market and wanted to try something different. Almost hidden in a corner, I found Los Tacos No. 1. My first time at Los Tacos No.1, I ordered a chicken quesadilla and a carne asada taco. When I got my food and took my first bite I was BLOWN AWAY! wow wow wow! Now that is what you call authentic Mexican food! :) The flour tortilla was soft and fresh, the cheese was melty deliciousness, and chicken/ carne asada was crispy, hot, and seasoned to perfection. The guacamole was smooth and the sides laid out were plentiful. The staff is extremely friendly and attentive, the owners are passionate about their food, and it shows! Go eat there now! =D
Adobada, but don't take all the toppings. It'd be nice if there was space to eat.
Ironically left a yelp event to wander the area and saw this was a highly rated (and cheap) mexican spot on Yelp, so I figured I'd wander in with my two friends and i was def. not dissapointed. It almost discreetly tucked away half way into the market and there are no seats, but its fine as I came late enough where there were seats outside the place. Anyway the prices you def. can not beat, as you could get your own chips and guac for $3, the guacamole was not that spicey and was just OK, what did it for me here was the pollo assado and carne assado both which came in a smooth corn wrap. Inside I let the workers put in guacomle, salsa, cheese, and cilantro. Something in there had a bit of a kick, but it def. made the Quesadillas taste great. If i am in the area I would 100 percent come back for a quick bite. The service was fast and efficient and the food def. hit the spot.
The real Mexican flavor!! Best New York tacos! All tacos are amazing but my favorite one is adobada with corn tortilla!
Delicious authentic Mexican food! Had the carne asada quesadilla and some salsa and chips. Way above expectations. Salsa is fiery hot.
Delicious, fresh, flavorful tacos with all the fixings. Simple menu, but they do it well. My only 2 wishes are: fish tacos and some seating, if that was the case, I would never leave. Just go.
Tucked away in Chelsea's Market accompanied with super long lines. The prices are kind of high for a single taco but this isn't a regular taco from Taco bell. The staff was so friendly and warm. They asked me about my day and said a few jokes that had me laughing until I got my taco. The taco is fairly small but it was packed with flavor. And there's an assembly line to add more to the taco, such as limes. I only wish they had to go boxes "/
The best tacos and quesadillas I've ever had hands down.   I don't just crave tacos, I crave the tacos from this specific place.  I'm fortunate to live nearby so yes I've had them consecutive days in a row.
authentic as they come. carne asada taco meat was da bomb. i forgot my name was so good. going back tomorrow for more good flavor and staff pro actively assist you if u look lost as we did
Quality snack at cheap prices... Everything on the menu is tasty and under $10... The portions are small so try a few things. Great to grab and walk over to the highline.
Been a fan for a while but things have changed. First no more cucumber extras, thats messed up. Second, the size of these are not consistent falling too often on the smaller side. I should be full after 3 tacos but I laugh at how much meat is in there now. Third, the chicken and pork tacos have been really dried out. I understand dry chicken but its a sin to overcook pork that much. Still a great setup and very friendly people but please fix this stuff.
I'm from California and these are some of the best tacos I've ever had in NYC every bit feels like home . :)
Great taco spot in the Chelsea Market.  Its so easy to order and you get the freshest, tastiest taco around. Its very inexpensive here so its a great spot to come to before dinner or just a good place to stop in for a quick snack.
I love tacos! and these were authentic, my little girls favorite taco was the chicken with cilantro. The sauces were very good, I am fan of hot stuff and they offered a variety of hot sauces. What makes these tacos tasty are the corn tortillas that are handmade. I had the tacos al pastor and the carne asada, both great! The only thing I didnt like was they didnt offer authentic drinks and the service wasnt great.
BEST TACOS!!!! Definitely in NYC, maybe anywhere (and I'm from Texas so I know). Things I love: - Fresh, soft corn tortillas - Guac (sort of a runny version) comes with tacos, not extra $$ - Spicy delicious salsas - Lime wedges for the taking - Perfectly seasoned and cooked meat (I've only had chicken and beef) - Friendly people Minus one star for having nopales (cactus) as the only veg option - I'm not really a fan. I don't like to eat meat too often, so I go here about once a week but would eat here EVERY DAY if they had better veggie choices. They could do something amazing with some combination of black beans, peppers, onions, squash/zucchini, mushrooms. Pleeeease! But other than that this place is a major winner. Better than Mexico as far as I'm concerned.
What an amazing taco joint, the chicken taco was the best with all 3 sauces on it. Cactus taco was just as good if you can get use to the slimy texture of it. Def would come here again, the Chelsea market has so many different things going on.
Slightly hidden inside the Chelsea Market. You actually have to go inside the big spice shop to access this place. I passed by it once with all the rest of the bollixed tourists before I figured it out. Carne Asada tacos are the way to go. The meat was tender and flavorful. The corn tortillas were excellent. They put on a good amount of sauces, including a runny guac, which complimented the meat. You don't really need any additional sauces but they are available if you want them. As it is, it's difficult to eat these delicious tacos cleanly. You'll most probably need a fork to scoop up the remnants from your plate. Also tried the adobada. Didn't love it. Very similar to an Al Pastor*, it needs good quality pineapple (aka juicy) to break down the meat. Maybe the pineapple wasn't juicy enough but I needed more flavor, more succulence, more pop in my mouth.  It wasn't bad to be fair but probably wouldn't come back here for this again. But dang that corn tortilla was so good. Also, I love saying adobada. It's one of the coolest words out there. ADOBAAAADAAAAA. See what I mean? *I was later informed that adobada is just a regional variety of the al pastor.
With Los Tacos No. 1 setting up in Chelsea Market, there's about one thing to say on behalf of taco-crazy New Yorkers when it comes to defending their assertions that they now have one of America's best tacos: God help you. West Coasters who haven't even sought out the city's best will likely have too much of a chip on their shoulder to admit it, many so-called East Coast taco experts haven't a leg to stand on to combat the cliché that there are no good New York tacos anyway, and it's going to seem pretty outrageous to declare a place open for less than a year as one that serves one of America's finest, so good luck with all that. But who cares anyway? Texans and Californians be damned, it's true. Los Tacos No. 1 serves a taco so good that you could dare anyone to taste it blindfolded against their supposed classic favorite confident and they'd secretly be worried they'd choose Los Tacos No. 1 instead. And Californians and Texans should have no reason to begrudge them anyway -- it's a collaboration of three close friends from Tijuana, Mexico, and Brawley, Calif., for crying out loud, guys who heard the East Coast plight and wanted to proselytize the West Coast expertise. Forget reason. Let's go to taste. You really can't go wrong whether you go with adobo or pollo, but the winner is the red chile-marinated pork, the adobada. Moist. Salted. Flavorful. Sweet but not cloying. Accoutrements. Proper moisture and accurately delivered tortilla. There are expertly prepared salsas. Dress it yourself. You'll shut up because your mouth will be full and you will be happy. (You shouldn't need to undersell them New Yorkers, but like dealing with that difficult friend, loved one, or sibling, you know well enough that introducing your West Coast friends to Los Tacos No. 1 will mean bumping into them there getting their fix.) Written by The Daily Meal
I usually don't leave reviews but this place was too good NOT to leave one! I ordered the carne asada tacos with everything and the especial, a deep fried quesadilla with meat and toppings added in! Both were AMAZING! I thought we had really good Mexican food here in Cali but I honestly want to make the trip back to New York sooner just so I can eat here! It was that good!
Definitely a los angeles taco place..spicy salsa. It wasnt quite dirty enough for my liking...I wanted some fried rolled tacos with gauc and shredded cheese and lettuce...but no go.  Its just a little too nice to be real so-cal mexican..gotta get dirty.
Fresh, delicious, and cheap tacos in one of my favorite places, Chelsea Market?  Sold.  I had the pollo asada (chicken) and adobada (pork) tacos here, and they were on point.  They were more stuffed than other taco places and very flavorful.  The pork in particular was great, probably the best pork taco I've had in a long time.  The tacos had a subtle spiciness that added flavor but didn't overpower the meat. I was feeling indulgent, so I also ordered some horchata.  It was a little expensive ($3 for a small cup) and not the best horchata I've ever had, but it was still very refreshing and not too sweet.  I think my whole meal (2 tacos + horchata) came out to about $10 - very cheap for a quick meal that will leave you satisfied. Since it's basically a taco stand located inside Chelsea Market, this isn't a sit-down place.  There are counters along the sides to stand and eat your tacos, but stake your place early, i.e. before you actually have your order, because this place is popular.  They make the tacos from fresh ingredients right in front of you, and they have sauces, radishes, and other accoutrements on the counters that you can use freely.  Even though it can get a bit crowded, they prepare your food quickly. Overall, I'm looking forward to coming back here and trying their quesadillas and having more delicious pork tacos.  Los Tacos No. 1 might even give Taqueria Lower East Side a run for its money in my Mexican food heart!
Seriously, best tacos I have ever had. Came here with my boss (who is Mexican and LOVES this place!!) after a work happy hour and holy crap!!! I think I had one of each taco and was not disappointed. I cannot WAIT to come back here and eat more...
It's as good as it gets at Los Tacos No. 1. I've travelled to Honduras, Dominican Republic, etc, and I have not been able to find anything authentic to any region in NYC (without it being a pain to get to). I will tell you this right now- look no further and just get to Chelsea Market; Los Tacos No.1 will be easy to recognize, since it'll be the only place with a line wrapping around the neighbouring shops. And don't worry... the line might be incredibly long but it moves quickly and even if you had to wait awhile, I promise you it's well worth it.   I highly recommend ordering the Adobada and the Carne Asada tacos (On CORN tortillas!!! Who the heck orders flour tortillas??). I swear my eyes roll to the back of my head whenever I bite into one of their tacos from sheer pleasure. I literally rush to get here on my days off just to get a taco since they close at 8:30 PM. All of their flavors are authentic and are made from fresh ingredients. You won't find some hoity toity tacos here- it's as real as tacos can get. There's even a woman pressing fresh corn tortillas right by the grill since everything is made to order.   Next time you're in Chelsea, remember to go to Los Tacos No.1!
Wow, this place is pretty good! Awesome for NY standards. I wish the hot sauces were a little more spicy, but everything else is pretty awesome. Ingredients are fresh, the flavors are right and it really tastes like authentic street tacos!
These tacos are INSANE! I can't think of any better quality Mexican food in NYC, and I've done Suenos, Dos Toros, Jackson Heights, Spanish Harlem, etc... Los Tacos No. 1 is hands down the best. The Menu: Comprised of tacos and quesadillas mostly. The quesadillas are the same size as the tacos, but griddled and with cheese. They also do nopal (cactus) plates, chips/salsa, and various Mexican sodas. The Spread: Select your taco filling: grilled steak (carne asada), grilled chicken (pollo asado), marinated pork (adobada), or cactus (nopal). Then choose corn or flour tortillas. Finally, choose your extras: guacamole, cilantro, onions, and salsa. Afterwards, you can garnish everything with cucumbers, limes, blistered peppers, hot salsa (red), and mild tomatillo salsa (green). The Set-up: Place your order and pay at the first register on the right counter of the stand. Then move over to the left counter, give the man your receipt, and tell him which tortilla/extras you'd like. There is ample counter space at the stand, and along the windows facing W. 15th St. The Locale: Once inside Chelsea Market, you will be able to locate Los Tacos No. 1 from a few visual clues. It's off a southern side passage from the main drag. Just find the spice store (or sniff it out), then walk south. It's directly across from Hybird. The Meal: I wasn't sure how big the quesadillas would be, so I went with one steak quesadilla on a flour tortilla with guacamole to start. I love that they don't make you get onions and cilantro! I know it's authentic, but I don't like raw onions, and I have a strong aversion to cilantro. I sauced it up with both hot salsa and green salsa, and then some lime juice. After one bite I was in love. The steak was so juicy, but still maintained the charred taste of the grill. The soft flour tortilla was great quality, and all the flavors worked together to form a complete package. I finished eating, but still had some room, so I decided to maybe try an overpriced Questlove Hybird drumstick, or maybe some Mexican corn from nearby Num Pang. But Num Pang didn't have any corn, and I couldn't shake my desire for another Los Taco No. 1 quesadilla. So I got back in the line (which was much longer now), and went with a pork quesadilla on corn tortilla this time. The pork is actually cut from a rotating spit (!), like gyro meat, then thrown on the griddle to add smokey char. As I waited again, I noticed the women in the back actually making the tortillas in house from masa. Now that is a fresh tortilla. I gobbled down another quesadilla, and by then I was satisfied, though other people could probably eat another taco/quesadilla or chips, additionally. The Verdict: I don't give out many 5 star reviews. I mean, I just gave one to Momofuku Ko, but like... that's Ko, that's to be expected. I wrestled with giving it a 4 because of the disorganized line situation. Honestly, one of my BIGGEST pet peeves of this city is that New Yorkers are notoriously aggressive line-cutters, and on a busy day I could see that being an issue, especially as this place gains in popularity, which I see happening in a big way. However, the food is too fantastic to care about any other minor annoyances. 5 stars.
The name says it all. They really are No. 1. I didn't want to say this at first, but after giving it a lot of thought, these truly are the best tacos I've ever tasted. The meat is marinaded to perfection. Every single bite is bursting with flavor. Only the freshest ingredients, no matter what hour you arrive. So bomb.
Wow. Came to NYC for the first time from Los Angeles and was just browsing looking for maybe a burger or pizza and read so many great reviews that we just had to check it out. And OMG-are we glad we did! Ordered 4 tacos and chips and guac and had to go back at 8:50 to order three more tacos, chips and guac AND a quesadilla. We were only bummed that they closed at 9 and we couldn't order more! Best tacos ever and we are taco snobs! Also guac is amazing! Freshly made corn tortillas are perfect! Caution though, the salsa is VERY spicy!!!! Writing this almost 6 hours after eating there and we keep saying we want to go to breakfast. Just delicious!
Can I swear on here?!!? These tacos are f*cking stunning! Oopps excuse my mexican! Get your butt here, these tacos are earth shattering, fresh goodness that you will dream about every night! I ordered 2 of the steak, pork and chicken and I really thought the pork was going to be my favorite it turned out that the chicken was the best. So, that being said i went up and got more! Absolutely in love with this place. Like i said before get your butt there! P.S. Service is superb!
Just go!  You wont be disappointed.  Skip the cactus taco.
Sorry, my beloved Taqueria Diana on the East Village. I had you as my favorite taqueria for quite a while now, but I now must remove you from the top of my list and introduce Tacos No. 1 as my new top Taqueria in the entire city. What can I say, I've been to many many taquerias around the city as well as a couple in Cancun and Mexico D.F. Nothing has come this close to that of those taquerias in Mexico. This place is absolutely amazing! All the way from the decor, to the sodas, to the juices, to the smell, to the music, and its entire staff. The adobado tacos were to die for! Those tortillas are authentic! Perfect!. I can't wait to return tipsy on beers :) so I can engulf on the rest of the menu. Salud and see you soon!
Great tacos!  I had the chicken and cactus and the were both delicious.  Price is great for NYC and would defiantly eat here again.
FROM TIJUANA TO THE REST OF THE WORLD!!!! I was born and raised in Tijuana, and moved to NYC about 3 years ago... it was my delight when a bit over a year ago I found a NYT article about the best taquerias in NY, and this Tijuana-style was one of them... so I had to be there immediately! First of all, I've always say the best tacos come from Tijuana (many will agree, some haters I respect). Are less complicated and full of flavor. Tacos No. 1 is the ultimate best execution of what a Tijuana Taqueria is: the stand, the coca cola colors, the music, the kitchen smoke, even the salt shakers in Gerber glass containers!  I understand that many people complaint about the lack of seating, but trust me: TIJUANA PEOPLE EAT TACOS THAT WAY! And I understand this is NYC and not Mexico, so an alternative is to place your order as "to go" and find a table towards the back of Chelsea Market. About the execution: if the salsas over the counter would be more liquid and spicier, these tacos could be ultimate perfection!  The main difference between these and real Tijuana tacos is the quality: Tacos no. 1 has much better meat without all the fat, tendon, nerves (ha!), but the marinated is the same. The signature taco of Tijuana is the Carne Asada (grilled steak), but I noticed that most of my non-mexican friends go crazy for the Adobada tacos at a point that is their ultimate experience (I don't eat pork, so I will relay in their picky palates). The tortillas are amazing, just the way how my favorite taco stand back home makes them, you can even see a lady making them right in front of you. Mulitas are also a signature Tijuana dish (don't try to order this in Mexico CIty), and they do it just the right way. Personally, I like to add Frijoles de la Olla, you can ask the taquero for a side order if they're available. Without a doubt, this is the best taqueria in Manhattan and I'm glad to know is reachable without going to Queens or Uptown. Yes,they're bit pricey, but everything in this city is pricey, and for the spot it's still worth to pay the price for something authentic without having to get out of the city. Just a side note, a good friend from Tijuana who now lives in Miami made fun of me about how crazy I get when talking about this place. He was here this past weekend, and paid 3 visits during his short stay.... authenticity and quality are the reasons why he kept going! Enjoy!
AMAZING. Best tacos I have had in NYC, better then a lot in southern California as well. The adobada (marinaded pork) is outstanding. I could easily eat that taco for  the rest of my life and be happy. The salsa is a little spicy for me so I usually ask for it with everything sans salsa and add the less spicy salsa from the fresh salsa bar the have out. So far have tried the adobada, carne asada, and pollo tacos: all great. Also tried the carne asada quesadilla. It is small like the tacos and wonderful. Staff is very friendly and quick, couldn't ask for better. Only complaint is that they have been out of horchata every time if have gone and I am dying to try it. Nice work boys.
This place is located in an off-wing of Chelsea Market, closer to the 9th Ave entrance than the 10th Ave entrance, but you'll be able to spot it by the line. The price is just right. Every taco is btn $3-$4, and generously stuffed. I got the chicken (pollo) and cactus (nopal) tacos. The chicken was juicy, and the cactus had a great texture - not too tart or slimy at all, just the right amount of crunch. The establishment is assembly-line style. You order and pay at one end of a long counter to receive a ticket and receipt. You then move further down the counter, hand your ticket to one of the waiting taco-assemblers and they then make your taco. When it gets crowded, it can get a bit hectic so make sure you keep an eye on your taco-assembler. When they are done, they hand you a small plate with your tacos. There are stations at the same counter where you can choose various sauces, or grab a lime or radish for extra flavor. The main challenge at this point is seating. There is a restaurant across from Los Tacos No. 1 which I'm guessing isn't very good by the lack of business. They have plenty of empty seats but exclude anyone else from using them. That means if you can't find any other seats in the general Chelsea Market area, you will probably have to stand at that same counter and chomp down. It does seem a bit un-hygienic yes, but the area looked generally clean so I'm guessing that people are generally pretty civil when they're chowing and/or Los Tacos wipes down those counters often, knowing that their patrons often lurk around the counter area to eat.
Truly No 1!. Great tacos! I would have gotten the second and maybe the third serving but the line was way too long. And be prepared to eat standing up without much counter space to put the food down.
I was super stoked to finally Los Tacos No. 1, thinking they would be one of the best tacos I've ever had. I was saving my stomach for a lobster roll so I only tried the pollo. It tasted just like another taco... I think I've had better tacos off of taco trucks and at restaurants, plus it was it was sort of pricey for one taco.
tried all the meat tacos - chicken, beef, pork. my favorite was chicken! Each taco was filled with lots of meat with option of corn or flour tortilla. Total was $10.35. YUM!  there was a small line for ordering but it was quite fast. After you get your receipt, you line up in front of the counter where they make the tacos and give one of the guys your receipt. It is so freshly made! each taco comes standard with guac (very liquidy), raw onion, and cilantro. I got it w/o onion (the guys will ask). Then you can top it with a variety of sauces - salsa verde (spicy), the red really spicy salsa, and fresh tomato salsa. Then on the end there are buckets of lime slices, grilled chilis (SUPER DUPER HOT!!! i eat spicy foods often but this one got me crying for first time in my life and doing a crazy 'hot hot hot' dance), cucumbers, dried chilis, and fresh radishes.
Man these tacos are so good. It seems like a place as high-end and touristy as Chelsea Market shouldn't have tacos this good, but there it is. The place gets busy but the line moves fast. There are four different kind of tacos: steak, chicken, pork, and cactus. The tortillas are made fresh! This makes such a difference. It's all corn tortillas for me. Flour ones are just, well, floury. We ordered 3 tacos (steak, pork, cactus). The steak and cactus come dressed with guacamole, tomatoes, and some other stuff. The pork (or adobado), is slightly different with a spicy sauce and pineapple. They were all fantastic. I like the steak and pork the best. The cactus is a nice option for vegetarians, but honestly there's nothing there that makes it any better than getting a steak taco. The setup is not very elegant. You'll be jostling for space in between the limes and radish bowls. People will simply hunker down wherever they happen to be standing, line be damned. But you'll forget about all that when you take your first bite. Some of the best tacos I've had in NYC.
I've had my fair share on great authentic mexican tacos from the west coast, so.... I know a good taco when I have one! I had the chicken & pork: delicious! The pork was juicy, full of flavor, I devoured it! Chicken was equally amazing! There's a variety of salsas in cute stoned shaped pigs, but in my opinion the tacos didn't need any.  Didn't try the steak but my bf gave it thumbs up. Hottest spot in Chelsea market, the long lines sure show it.
Oh man, this place damn near killed me with their indulgent fare. I'd always thought tacos were only good for a snack and even looking around, the plates looked deceptively small, so I kinda went ham and ordered a taco ($3.50), quesadilla ($4.50), and especial ($5) all with pollo asado. Holy guacamole (hah). Although the tortillas look small, they really load them up with meat and toppings. Two of any of their menu items is definitely sufficient for a good meal. For the tacos and quesadillas*, you have a choice of corn or flour tortilla. I tried and liked both although I somewhat preferred the flour since it was softer. However, even though the corn tortilla is a bit grittier, it sops up the juices better, which might help given how messy the food is to eat. But messiness must be directly correlated to taste, because these tacos were AMAZING! I especially loved the chicken, which was perfectly charred and had great adobo flavor. I've had a LOT of tacos in NYC, and have to say this was probably as authentic as you can get outside of Mexico. The especial though is probably what did me in. It's essentially a fried quesadilla, but looks like an empanada. Served piping hot, it's probably a million calories, but oh so good. Be careful though - the juices WILL drip all over you with each bite since the dough isn't very thick. Btw, if you're looking for a sit down place to eat, Los Tacos No.1 is not where you want to go. They have an open kitchen style with one long bar-style high countertop and NO seats, not even barstools! Although the crowds due to this configuration can be intimidating, the staff is generally pretty good at moving the line along - just try to know what you want beforehand! Also, the stairs are conveniently located right at the end and you can make a quick exit to eat your grub more freely outside, which is precisely what we did. --------------------------------------------------­---------------------------- *Note: The quesadillas are served open face on a slightly larger tortilla than the tacos, so don't be expecting a two-tortilla version!
For me to even review this taco spot means I'm in love! I ordered the beef quesadilla with everything on it! Maaaaaaaan, it was soooooooo good! Fresh! Juicy! This is going to be a problem! It gave me that boost to do my Chelsea shopping! Took off 1 star for no seating and because the quesadilla is waaaay too small for $4.50.
Los Tacos No.1 is the steadfast culmination of hype, convenience, and the use of quality ingredients for taco variety not commonly seen in these parts. The rise to stardom is somewhat impressive, considering there isn't a lot of seating and the menu isn't particularly big. There is a gringo contingent at work here, but the question remains: Are the tacos good? And the answer is yes. A big fat, yes. Folks who are seeking to explore the Tijuana / Southern California (Hola, San Ysidro!) style really need look no further. Tacos come in either asada (beef), pollo (chicken), adobada (pork), or nopal (cactus-vegetarian). The option of flour vs corn will come up and one should *always* choose corn. The difference is staggering compared to the regular flour tortillas and the juice soaks it all up so much better. The other thing that makes me excited about Los Tacos No.1 is the mere fact they offer adobada. Most of the Pueblan style taquerias around NYC will offer a similar variant in al pastor, but the seasoning on this marinated pork is definitely stronger. Northern style Mexican food just is a rarity in these parts and I love the fact they've continued to serve it via a rotisserie spit. Just thinking about it makes me hungry. If the tiny tacos don't curb the appetite, perhaps a large version in the quesadilla will. The meats are still on the table, along with a solid helping of cheese and salsa / guac. Feel free to decorate your plate to your hearts content by utilizing their condiments. A squeeze of lime, dash of radish, and a few drops of salsa verde is enough to give any taco / quesadilla a nice flavor boost. While it would be true that there is really no true seating, the same could be said about the taco trucks out on the street. And even though the place mildly simulates the truck experience, this shouldn't hinder anyone unless they have a large order. For some people (myself included), spending $3.50-$4.50 for each taco/quesadilla admittedly feels pricey. It might actually be the most expensive street style taco in NYC. I jokingly asked one of the guys in Spanish behind the counter if he'd pay this much for tacos and his reply was "son gratis para mi..." (it's free for me). That said, there aren't a lot of Mexican folks hitting up this line if you know what I mean. In the end, Chelsea Market and the surrounding hood is plagued with considerably pricier options than Los Tacos No.1. I can only imagine how expensive the rent is  and the markup on the food seems justified. With all the crowds that flock here every day, something tells me the rent is getting paid just fine.
The turmoil I felt after spending so much for a fist-sized taco was quickly replaced with jubilance once I sunk my teeth into the juiciest, most flavorful taco I've ever had! The chicken was so tender, and the salsa mix and guacamole had just enough kick to give me dreams of having more tacos from Los Tacos No.1. The chips and salsa were average, and I only got them because you have to spend a minimum of $5 to pay with credit/debit card-so that was somewhat inconvenient. Thankfully the line moved quickly, and the price is worth it for at least one -ok definitely two- tacos!
Beleive the hype. LOS TACOS No. 1 is the unicorn everybody is looking for, Authentic Mexican fare in New York. Something I have found to be extremely elusive since my return to NY from the Westcoast. Let me get the negatives out of the way. The mall that this place resides in is a Zoo, extremely over crowded with people walking slowly for no reason, I hate coming here. The restaurant is not organized well. There's a line to pay and then you wait in line to hand the cook your ticket, only there's multiple lines to hand a cook your ticket. People tend to line up in the 1st line and neglect the other lines resulting in a longer wait time. It's pretty chaotic. And this mass of people block all the condiments so when you actually do get your food you need to fight just to get some salsa.   The tacos: simply put, the best taco I've ever tasted. I got the steak taco con todo. The corn tortilla is amazing, nice crisp texture, tasty enough to eat on its own. And the steak is so flavorful. The green sauce they put on it tops it off perfectly. I found that I didn't need to add any salt or salsa. I've been to famous taco spots in LA and even taquerias in border towns and never did I think Id find the best taco I've ever had in Chelsea of all places. The owners of Los Tacos No. 1 have truly filled a void in New York City. Here we have a taco spot in a convenient Manhattan location. One that I can confidently take my West Coast visitors and know they will be impressed. I already have plans to come back and cant wait to have what I  tasted last week again.
My friend from San Diego recommended this place to me, saying that it is the closest to authentic Mexican you can get in this city.  She was right!  I had the carne asada and pollo asado tacos, and they were delicious!  Juicy meat, well seasoned, and some quality guacamole.  Two is enough to fill you up, and at less than $10 for two tacos and a drink, you can't go wrong!  I will definitely be returning when I need a little taste of home.
Quick, friendly and satisfying! This is a great spot for flavorful Mexican food with authentic flavors. This places has good tacos, great condiments and friendly staff! I recommend "On the Plate" with grilled cactus, beans, cheese and guac. It's great if you're a vegetarian or just someone looking for an exotic dish. Mix in some of their spicy salsa and you're good to go!
WOW!!  WOOOOOOOOOWWWW!!  WOOOOOOZWERS!!! WOW!!!!   My offices just recently moved into the area so I usually use Yelp to help find lunch suggestions (especially one that will not make me BROKE!!!) I found this and I AM SO GLAD I DID!!! It's a lil confusing to find (but I took advantage to explore the Chelsea Market)  And YES the line is LONG!!  But it moves fairly quickly.. I got 1 chicken and 1 Steak taco...  They ask if you want everything and I said, just no guac (I'm allergic to avocado ::insert super sad face::)  He accidentally put it on the steak one anyway and I explained my allergy and he immediately made me a new one (He threw away the original.. Sad to waste, but just proves how fresh they keep it!!)     You have a choice of sauces, lime slices and even fresh radishes!!   All I can say about the tacos, THE BEST!!!  and the prices is on point and the guys behind the counter were all super sweet!!  FOR SURE going back super soon!
I've never really contemplated becoming a competitive eater before, but the tacos here are making me reconsider my stance on that.  Dang. I went with a chicken and a pork taco and both were delicious.  A little on the small side (I was thinking to myself, "I should have ordered 17 of these."), but not insultingly so.  Three probably would have been perfect.  I finished off the meal with a horchata and that was also excellent. The only bummer is that there is really nowhere to go with your food once it's ready, so I just posted up at the counter in the corner to the right of the registers and went to town.  Don't worry, you won't be the only one doing it.   I might go back for dinner.
I'm so sorry but I HATED, HATED the cactus. It's slippery and, quite frankly, I thought it was DISGUSTING. I don't eat meat, so I'm sure the other tacos are delicious but........ I left with an awful, awful taste in my mouth. Maybe I'll come back for their chips and gauc...?
Yummy! The speedy staff delivers a fab tacos. The steak taco was cooked perfectly and was very juicy. They offer different sauces on the counter. They do make their own tortilla which is also delicious!
Got the carne asada and adobado (marinated pork, shredded) tacos. Love corn tortillas and the salsa bar =] The pork is cut from a spit with slices of pineapple! It was delicious! The steak was yummy as well. These tacos were one of the closest in NY so far in reminding me of those beloved CA taco truck tacos...except these are about $3 each. lol We beat the lunch crowd fortunately. A HUGE line formed only 5 min after we ordered. Get there before 12!
I used to think NYC had the worst Mexican food anywhere. This place has changed my mind entirely. These are some of the best tacos you'll ever have. Although this may appear to border on hyperbole, I assure you it does not: Their pork taco is the single best taco I've ever had. Anywhere. Period. Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Seriously, the best mexican food I've had in New York City. I am so excited about these tacos, it's insane. I got carne asada with corn tortillas. I love that you can put as much lime as you want on them and they come with guac. You don't have to pay extra! The only down side is they turn to mush after 20 minutes. (Clearly a sign of fresh tortillas.) But there is no way they will last 20 minutes on your plate anyway...
wowowowoowowowowowow. Are you in Chelsea Market and you want a tasty snack? GO HERE. These tacos are bananas good. So so good. Ordered the nopal cactus taco and was really impressed with how flavorful it was and how good the cactus was. And oh man, the salsas here are SO GOOD. Only thing I wish was that there was another veggie taco or some fish tacos, but beggars can't be choosers, I GUESS. Anyway, make sure to stop here if you want some tacos, end of story.
So my manager has tried some of the best taco places in NYC and she said that this one is by far the best. She invited me to tagged along on a food adventure with her since I didn't believe her..boy was I glad that I got invited!!! As soon as we got to the Market...we walked through it and hit Los Tacos No.1 immediately. She raved about how great the steak was..so we got one of that..and since I have never tried cactus before, I had one of that too...and I also decided to tried the pork as well..Go BIG or Go HOME right?! The cactus taco was ok..not a huge fan, it was a bit slimy and a bit bland?? The steak taco was pretty good...flavorful and went well with the sauces that were on top....but the pork one, that one was the winner!!  It was marinated perfectly and soooo good!!! After my manager ate the pork one...she was like this thing is amazing!! I'm like I know!!! LOL..From there on..her love for steak turned into her love for pork!! LOL I love how they make the fresh tacos on the spot, and you have so many options to add what you like to the tacos. Furthermore, the boys and girls working there are super nice; I can't wait to come back for more pork tacos!! Note: Takes Credit Card except AMEX
$4 tacos! I had people from Mexico in tow and for them to say OMG! and Amazing! makes me wanna write this 5 star review. They have an amazing drink called Horchata, if you don't know what it is then you have to try it! Its actually made from rice and cinnamon, add ice and Voila! A tasty, iced treat. I ordered chips and salsa along with a Carne Asada Taco. Man.. that's some bangin' tacos! And in NYC?  Not off a truck?? God Bless us. Everyone
AWESOME!  PERFECT! DELICIOUS! The absolute best taco I have had to date!  They truly do things right!  I just wish I lived closer, so I could go more often!
Holy guacamole. And tacos. This place is INCREDIBLE. Had it delivered to us for a work lunch, and nobody left disappointed or not stuffed. The meats they cook here are cooked to perfection and are left very tender and juicy, especially the steak. You will not find anything dry or less than succulent. The guac was fresh and had the right balance of tomatoes, onions, etc. Must stop by if you are in Chelsea Market and looking for anything to eat.
I've been to Mexico a couple of times and had good tacos and this place is as close as it gets.  I had the steak and chicken tacos which were excellent.  Also had the Mexican Coke which is made with real sugar.   Looking forward to trying Los Tacos again to try some other types of tacos.
My goodness is this place good! Anything less than 5 stars is a complete travesty. Honestly, it might be the greatest food establishment on the planet. They take tacos to an out of this world level, and do it without dousing them in salt. Every ingredient is just complete perfection.
Great to have quality tacos on the west side.  I like that this taqueria has a limited menu - tacos and quesadillas - and the food quality is very high.  In fact the tortillas are made on premises.  Fillings are also limited to beef, chicken, pork and cactus.  Tacos are small and cheap so, a fella should order three -  a lady might want two. The process of getting food is an assembly line: order, pay, get receipt, stay in line, give receipt to food preparer, get food, eat food. Downside is the location.  As much as I like the idea and design of Chelsea Market, it is a zoo.  This food stand is doing well but will do much better when it moves to its own space.  This is finger food and after I finished eating, the hand-washing option was to stand in a long line for the public washroom. Food is great, simple and cheap!
Not much to say that hasn't already been said but GO! Get the adobada, and then maybe get another adobada. This is the best taco in the city.
These are the best authentic Mexican tacos I have ever had. THEY MAKE THE TORTILLAS FRESH RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU. This makes a huge difference. The adobada (AKA al pastor) and carne asada were both outstanding. I think the cut of beef used for the carne asada was skirt steak, hence the deliciousness. They roast the pork on the trompo (vertical spit) which is not something you see in New York City. When I saw the trompo it was a good sign. I lived in Houston for a while and tried a lot of the "best of" places in Houston, Austin, Dallas. My previous favorite was "Tacos La Banqueta Puro DF" in Dallas, and I think this place edges out La Banqueta slightly. This place blows Tehuitzingo (47th St and 10th Ave) out of the water.
Los Tacos No. 1 is probably the third best taco stand I have ever had the pleasure to dine.  I mean that as a compliment because the best taco place that comes to mind is El Califa in Condesa, Mexico City and the second best is a little taco stand nestled in the middle of La Plaza del Zapato in Tijuana.  So, in essence, I consider Los Tacos No. 1 as probably the best taco stand in the United States.  And the strangest irony is not that this little taqueria is located in NYC, but that it resides on the outskirts of the Chelsea Marketplace.   Now I am sure that all of my southern California friends will scold me for writing blasphemy.  How can NYC happen to have the best taqueria ahead of LA, OC, SD, and even SF when not so long ago NYC was starving for real Mexican food?!?!?  Well, quite simply, this is a genuine Mexican taqueria.  This is not King Taco or any of that Americanized, Tex-Mex food that non-Mexicans proclaim as the best. Los Tacos No.1 somehow managed to get the ingredients and flavors of Tijuana and carved themselves a niche right across the way from the Korean style ramen house. The menu is clearly influenced by Tijuana and maybe some of the northern states in Mexico such as Sonora.  The evidence is in how they prepare their tacos and the names they use.  For example, adobada is frequently used in the northern states and is frequently interchanged with al pastor.  The dead give away are the "Mulas" which are characteristically from Tijuana.     The tacos are served piping hot and in a handmade tortilla.  The adobada tacos has a great citrus finish due to the pineapple that combines extremely well with the marinated pork.  You can see them carve the adobada straight from the spit-grill and quickly sear the meat for a few seconds before laying it on a warm tortilla.  The guacamole is creamy and spicy and blends well with the adobada and carne asada.  The aguas frescas and Mexican sodas a perfect compliments to the tacos.   Los Tacos No. 1 is definitley worth the trip, especially if you are well experienced with the taquerias in Mexico.
BEST TACOS EVER! (and I am Mexican) I have gone here about 5 times or so, and loved it every time I tried adobada, nopal, and carne asada tacos,  nopal, with adobada on a plate,  quesadillas and mulas, all of them were great. the staff is nice and friendly, and  even  when there is a big line they are fast in making the food. I brought some friends and everybody loved it, I totally recommend it it if you like Mexican food.
Chipotle has met their match. All I can say is -- try EVERYTHING. The shrimp, pork, chicken, beef tacos are fantastic. The horchata is tasty. The salsa's are awesome. My mouth is watering writing this review. Definitely checkout Los Tacos No.1, because they truly are #1.
A+ This place is extremely good. Very fresh ingredients, and the tortillas are made on site. Maybe the best corn tortillas I've ever had.  If you are wandering through Chelsea Market, this is the spot, but keep your eyes peeled because it is tucked way in the back and you could miss it.
This is an easy review.  High quality, tasty affordable taco served in Chelsea market.
Being from LA i know what mexican food is and Los tacos are number in my book!
Mouth is salivating thinking bout the pork taco I cant even begin to imagine how I can convey the taste and how it made me feel. Good food gets me goin', this place got me goin' in a good way, set a positive tone to the entire day. Didn't mind having to eat cafeteria style in front of a bunch of strangers as taco meat is falling from my mouth. No shame, just enjoyment. Totally understand why this place had a solid 4.5 stars, we all know 5 stars is impossible once you go over a hundred or so reviews, always gonna b a hater or two.
Great, fresh-tasting tacos at a great price. $3 for a taco, $3 for the same amount of chips and guac that you'd get at Chipotle. You can choose flour or corn tortilla, a variety of meat filings, and top off with your choice of salsas.  The line was long but moved quickly. Prefect for a lunch or snack in the Chelsea area. It can be difficult to find a table to sit at though.
Legit; the best quesa-dilla in NYC. No question about it. Hearty corn tortilla, melted cheese, delish meat, and fresh simple toppings: cilantro and onion. Then you add a couple other necessary condiments and garnishes from their selection of handmade salsas varying in spiciness, limes, and radishes. F-ing incredible. No pretension, no BS, just legit Mexican. Full stop.
Best friggin' tacos I've ever had anywhere anyhow.  You can tell by the line out the door.  I've had 3 of the four flavors--beef, chicken and pork (adobado) loaded with the kitchen sink on a soft wheat shell, and they were all off the chain. The drinks are fab too.  Try a Horchata.  That one is a rice drink that tastes like a creamy vanilla milkshake flavored with cinnamon and cardamon.  If you haven't had a real Coke since they dickered with the formula a generation ago, try one of theirs.  They have Mexican coke with real cane sugar--a treat for the whippersnappers and a trip down memory lane for the rest of us. Not the cheapest, but worth every penny.  You won't find better.
Situated in chelsea market you'll find this taco shack which offers up authentic tacos. Affordable price and quick service. Reminds me of the taco shacks in Mexico City. Place your order and bring the receipt to the counter for one of the attendants to make your taco. You get a choice with the flour or corn tortillas which is great. I went with the corn tortillas for the al pastor and the pork taco. Both were flavorful, grilled well on the flat top, and had a nice kick to them. Make sure to add on the spicey sauces, green, red, and radishes on the counter that accompanies the tacos well. Also their Horchata drink is a standout as well. Sweet and refreshing.
Yummy!! I have been looking for San Diego/Tijuana style tacos here in New York for some time now and I have found them!! I normally go for carne asada tacos and I normally do NOT eat pork...however I soo recommend the Adobada tacos (pork). Soo good!  If you order flour tortilla tacos...shame on you! Corn tortillas are the way to go for the real tacos!!! Flour tortillas are best for burritos.  The mexican coke and the brown Manzanita sodas are my fav! I am not used to paying $3-$4 for tacos however I understand the pricing because its New York! This is def a place I will be visiting for my taco cravings!
Oh my gawddd. The single taco I ate here was better than any other I've ever had. Carne asada on a corn tortilla with melted cheese, onions, cilantro, guac, and salsa... the meat was juicy and tender, and everything else was fresh and flavorful. Wait in line, order and pay, then give your ticket to the delicious taco creators who will prepare your food with your choice of toppings. The line may be long, and you might have to eat right there at the counter, but it's worth it. They're small, so order two or three. But I promise you'll want more!!
Omg I felt like I was eating tacos in SoCal again. Yay! The meat and sauce are wonderfully flavored. I especially recommend the carne asada and adobada quesadillas! And they had horchata- yum! I would come back to Chelsea Market just for this booth. And they were open past 9pm on Friday!
Oh my quesadilla. One of the best in the city?  Uh, yeah! We're talking open faced (your choice of corn or flour tortilla), layer of cheese, and a pile of meat (chicken, pork, steak or grilled cactus).  As I looked over the menu something pulled me towards the adobada.  Best decision I made all day!  Tender, juicy, so savory.  I don't know what the heck is in their marinade but that pork was amazing. After the quesadilla was pulled from the flat top the fellas asked what toppings I wanted.  "Everything"  got me some avocado dressing, chopped onion, pineapple and a nice sprinkle of cilantro.  "Everything" was absolutely the way to go.  Go to Los Tacos.  Order the pork.  Ask for everything.  Enjoy.  Five star visit!  I can't wait to go back. A few other notes: Pork quesadilla = $4.50. Side of chips & guac = $4 Quesadillas are made on a 6" tortilla... they may look small but they pack a big punch.  And are pretty filling. Food is made pretty quick - it took me longer to walk through Chelsea Market than it did to order and pick up my lunch. If you need your food to go - just ask and they'll wrap it up for you.  They've also got limes and little containers to take salsa with you too.   $5 credit card minimum.
Amazing and authentic! Definitely a go to in Chelsea Market! Make sure to give your ticket to the people behind the counter so they can make your order!
So many shops in Chelsea Market and yet this is the one with the line (aside from Fat Witch, which is understandably crazy). $3-4 tacos $4-5 quesadillas seem a bit high, but taste wise, these guys got a lot going for them. Got the Carne Asada taco ($3.75) and Nopal quesadilla ($4). The taco was amazing, guacamole on top added great flavor to the moist meat, added medium salsa on top for the extra kick it needed. The quesadilla was okay, wasn't a big fan on the way they prepared the cactus. Would stick to another meat next time. Quick despite the line, able to add your own sauces/salsas. Wish there was a place to sit to enjoy a very messy meal.
Best tacos I've ever had in the United Sates, and probably among the top 5 best tacos I've had in my whole life (including my time in Mexico). I can't wait to go back to NY and eat there!!
As much as I wanted to love this place, 1st impressions are everything and mine was not good. First, I understood after reading reviews there were no seats, but seriously this was ridiculous. First of all you pay for your order only to find out you have to fight your way through people standing and eating at the counter to give your ticket to a cook. It's super disorganized and seems like you have to fight through to get the food you already paid for. Then the cook messed up and gave my husband's order with guacamole on it which he does not like. I told the cook guy I wanted guacamole on mine, and he got all huffy and said mine had it on there. But seriously there was no guacamole on it, I just think he was annoyed with us. The food itself was pretty good but really overpriced, the tacos should be $2 for how tiny they are. The chips and salsa overpriced for a tiny bag of chips and salsa so hot it hurts your hand to hold. I loved peaking at all the condiments at the counter, dreaming of using them but knowing I'd have to elbow my way in amongst people eating a meal to get any. So no, I'm not a fan. You may have ok tacos Los Tacos but you short changed my guacamole and experience. Not worth it.
Having lived in Southern California for 2 years, I was surprised that some of the best tacos I've ever had were in NYC. The prices are super reasonable, and while the line was long it moved pretty quickly (we waited around 15 minutes). A great snack or lunch pre-game, especially when you're low on $. The tacos were the perfect amount of chewy, and the staff super up-beat and friendly.
Great Nopales veg taco. Loved the authentic bar style service where you top off with the options provided at the counter. Unbeatable for $3 and change. Can't believe I have never been here despite coming to Chelsea market for years
omg, these are good tacos! authentic! and the corn tortillas they are served on--- oh my gosh!! the salsas they offer will burn you up, but trust me, you won't care because they are so flavorful, fresh, and delicious! you have to stand to eat here, as there is no seating....but i will suffer for this greatness!
As a California-raised New Yorker, I am usually pretty skeptical about Mexican food in the city. I just haven't found anything similar to home... until this place. I lived in San Diego for 5 years with the best "Mexican" food of my life, and this is honestly very, very close. The carne asada is actually done correctly and is super flavorful. Also, I heard that several of the guys working here are from San Diego -- so that's awesome! It's always very crowded and there is nowhere to sit (just standing room at a bar-type area) so be prepared to stand/walk with your food, but that's part of the taco shop feel, IMHO. Definitely a must-go for Californians or anybody who appreciates awesome tacos!
Excellent tacos favorite taco place in the world! I would rank these tacos as the best in the world ! Los Tacos No 1 you guys are the best keep up the great work i usually get 2 adobada 1 carne asada and 1 pollo asada i like the flour tortillas the best and also a mexican coke!
On the go food with flair! Los Tacos No. 1 has perfected the taco. Lines are long at times but staff are efficient turning out food quick. In my efforts to attempt to eat at every joint that appeals to my stomach, friend and I ordered one of each taco to try- Asada Asado (grilled steak), Pollo Asado (chicken), Adobada (pork), and Nopal (cactus). My favourites were Asada Asado and Pollo Asado. The cactus I would liken to an artichoke not a stand out but would recommend trying. Although small, don't be fooled by the size of the taco. Packed with toppings leaving you with remnants of sauce dripping down your hand. Napkins and lots of them are required. Grab and go joint doesn't overlook presentation and customer service. After devouring our tacos within minutes we lined up for seconds- stomach takes over and you just can't resist! Standing by the bar eating round two we were given an Especial (fried cheese quesadilla) on the house. The boys know a way to a girls heart- cheesy goodness was divine! Located in middle of the Chelsea market, hard to find with a small sign. Look for a line and you are on your way. No seating however there is tons just outside the market- sit along the river or find a bench and people watch at Highline Park. All in all fresh quality ingredients (gluten free joint) and no shortage of toppings. Save the cost of dinning in and get yourself some dessert.
The fried quesadillas... Unbelievable. The only reason I can't give it a full 5 stars is because it's just a lot to take in. A lot of cheese, meat, all deep fried. But very yummy!
Really good and priced ok (like $4/taco), a little more than I usually pay for tacos, but definitely a unique taste and an experience. My only deal is there's nowhere to sit.
Let me say that this are THE BEST TACOS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. I know, best tacos in NYC? is that posible? well, YES. This place is... I dont even have any words to describe it. Ambience and service dont even matter, we're talking about a spot in the Chelsea Market where you have to wait a line for your taco, but people who work there are just in great mood. maybe because i speak spanish and i felt so at home talking to this geniouses. lets talk about FOOD: - FRIED CHICKEN QUESADILLAS IN A CORN TORTILLA. this is the most important thing in here. you MUST try this. - the other tacos are amazing, just try everything you can. there is no downfall. its all PERFECTION. go ahead, wait in the line, eat wherever u find a spot, but go for it!!! NO REGRETS.
The ONLY reason for 4-Stars is the pint-sized tostados. These lil' tacos pack SUPER-SIZED flavor tho'! I LOVE them all! Pollo & Carne are my favs! Luv the fresh picante & salsa verde. Guac & Chips are a little priced on the high side, in my opinion, but delicious nonetheless. Expect lines but they know how to move you quickly. If you're staying to eat, you'll  be standing at the squished counter-space that's rarely available. Expect strange elbows to cross over bites you take as they load up on condiments. But hey, Get In Where You Fit in because if you leave, you're just going to turn right back around to come get more! THAT GOOD! Mexican sodas are the only way to wash it all down. GREAT food, light on the pockets.
Spectacular! Since moving to NY 6 months ago, I've been on the hunt for truly authentic tacos, tasty and affordable.  I'm sure there are a few places out there; but so far the closest I'd come was a taco truck on W. 70th. Then a friend sent me an article about 3 guys from Brawley CA, Tijuana and Mexicali Mexico who opened up a taco stand in the Chelsea Market.  OMG; I went to school in Brawley!!!! (first time I've said it with a big smile).  So of course, I had to check out Los Tacos #1 RIGHT AWAY. It is RIDICULOUS how good the tacos are! They are fresh, tasty, and well-prepared. I've tried all 4 tacos and since I love Carne Asada and Chicken anyway, those are my favorites.  Choice of corn or flour tortilla; made fresh right there? Fabulous! Tacos made Con Todo (onions, guac sauce, cilantro and salsa) or made to order?  Awesome.  All the extra condiments you'd come to expect are there; radishes, cucumbers, LIME, peppers, cebolla's, and at least 3 different salsas.  I only wish they had not run out of "special quesadillas" when I attempted to order one; deep fried and cheesy with chicken or beef is all I would have needed for a complete picture of HOME.   Yes the lines can be long (because it is THAT GOOD), yes, there's little seating (stand up counter only) and yes, it can get confusing as to "what do I do next".  That's what makes it such a great experience!  The employees are patient and friendly, and if you ask, you might just meet one of the owners.   This is the REAL DEAL.  Go. Now. And then, Go Back again; you won't be sorry.
All about the Adobata Tacos.  I also had a chicken taco (very good) but the pork with the pineapple was the clear winner.  I choose the flour tortilla.  And all around yum. My husband is a california boy.  And every visit to the west coast involves a taqueria... So my standards are high.   And today after lunch, I think I finally found something (dare I say it) better!   Great tacos.   No seating.  Long line.  Worth it.
Great place to grab a decent taco that's as close to LA tacos can get. Be ready to stand in line and have no where to sit. I really like the pork tacos which have tons of flavor. The freshly made corn tortillas and salsa are yummy!
If you want some good... no GREAT tacos you have to go here. The wait is a bit long but it is so worth it. I decided to go in with my family and saw the line was pretty long, but then the long line also made me want to try the tacos even more to kind of get in the hype. The wait wasn't too long as the line went down pretty quick, and we ordered the steak, chicken, and pulled pork and I have to say all three were a hit. The flavors and the spiciness of the taco definitely had the taco game on. I didn't want to order too much, because we just wanted a taste, but we definitely regretted not ordering more. When you order I recommend order 3 per person, because within 2 bites it is gone.
Not only were the staff polite and cheery, you get a lot for your money!  I know I should have had a taco - which I plan to get next time after I saw all the tacos being prepared.  I opted for the Nopal with meat plate.  It was a healthy dish with nopal under the meat, some cheese, sauces cilantro, avocado sauce and your option to add more garnish such as radish, grilled jalapeno and grilled whole spring onions!  There was always a line with people going back for more.  I certainly will be back!  Welcome to NYC! Just found out, this place is from California! I actually requested the owner to include a fish taco or a seafood taco.  I hope they do!
Being from California I have a very specific view of how Mexican food should taste. Some call it picky I call it knowing good Mexican food. Ohhhh man this place is ridiculous. Their food was so delicious I forgot to take a picture and remembered in the middle stuffing my face. We got the carne asada taco and two pollo asada quesadillas. I call them quesadillas because that's what they are called on the menu. These were more like tacadillas on flour tortillas. And don't get me wrong they were AMAZING. But not a quesadilla. But seriously order the quesadilla. And the guac. And salsa. This is what good Mexican food tastes like people! Done. Satisfied. Food coma.
Just to the left off the main corridor that winds through Chelsea Market is a food stall that beckons: "BIENVENIDOS" to hungry foodies.  Los Tocos No. 1's simple menu is packed with flavors, Adobada (marinated pork), grilled steak or chicken, or nopal (grilled prickly pear cactus).  They can be ordered as tacos, tostadas, quesadillas or mulas with prices that range from $2.50 to $4.50.  The servings are small, but inexpensive enough to order a couple of selections.  Fresh batches of Mexican beverages Rice milk (horchata) and hibiscus (jamaica) or tamarindo (tamarind) water, so good my daughter says they were meant for the gods.  Select your own toppings, salsa, lime, etc.; find a counter or sit somewhere in Chelsea Market and enjoy.
I was one of their first customers when this pls e opened up. I was a big fan but everything has gone down since. A chicken taco used to be $2 just four months ago. Now u pay $3.95 for a taco. A small taco with 4-5 pieces of diced grill chicken. Come on guys stop getting greedy. U are selling over 2000 tacos and quesadillas a day.. Plus drinks. In other words over $6000 per day in sales everyday.. That's pretty good for a fast food place.
The tacos from Los Tacos #1 were by far one of the best tacos I have eaten. While on vacation in New York, from California, I was craving Mexican and ran across Los Tacos while searching. What I can share is this place is very authentic and one of the best I've tried. The tacos compare to the best you can find in California and Mexico. I read the owner originally is from Tijuana and can understand why the tacos are so good. It's like taking a trip there, yet you are in New York. I highly recommend trying the adobada, pork with great flavor, a bit spicy with sweet pineapple. Again one of the best I've tried. The carne asada taco is good also. So if in NYC and looking for a really good taco, gotta try Los Tacos #1 at the Chelsea Market.Enjoy!
Stopped by on my way to the High Line on a sunny afternoon. The tacos are good, but the quesadillas (really a flour tortilla taco with melted cheese) is the better choice (know before you go!). I moved here from Austin last year, and Los Tacos has earned itself a place on my "best tacos in NYC" list. (That list isn't very long.)  Definitely give Los Tacos a try if you're a) in the area already and hungry or b) desperate for a good taco and willing to make a trek to Chelsea. And I shouldn't neglect to mention that the guac was pretty good, too.  I also had the horchata, which was the best horchata I've had so far in in the city south of Harlem.
So good. The shells are the highlight of the tacos but all of the ingredients are great. Nice selection of salsas and lime self serve. Lots if good stuff in the market but this has the be the best!
In order to be truly number one, you have to outshine them all. Well Los Tacos No.1 you might be it. Literally grabbed some 45 min before closing and didn't have that "hello I'm meat thats been sitting here until someone claims me" taste. Line moves pretty quick. Awesome that guac is included and your choice of flour or corn. Order the abobada and carne asada. Abobada is hands down one of the best al pastor tacos I have had in NY.  Cant even describe the taste of em but my taste buds knew. Carne asada was cool, have had way worse and possibly slightly better. Would still order it again. Best friend got the carne asada quesadilla which looked like mine just with more cheese and the cheese made the difference. Little salsa bowls in the back end were dope and your choice of mild medium or hot. Definitely would return as a pick up and burn it off on the High Line.
Really good tacos. I had the pork, carne asada, and i had a bite of the cactus. The pork was the best. The meat ones were super greasy, but had lots of flavor. I went for the corn tortillas, which were great. The cactus tastes like green peppers if you're wondering. It was more spicy than the two meat options for whatever reason, and didn't really do much for me. They fill up your tacos with onions, cilantro, and guacamole (your choice of which). Then you can get some pico de gallo, and two other sauces on the side, as well as limes, so the tacos are overflowing and delicious. two were enough for me ($7.50 total). the guacamole doesn't seem to be made fresh and is akin to those squeeze bags you get at the grocery store; runny, limey, and slimey. it didn't detract from the whole taco, though,  i wouldn't have it on its own. at chelsea market, you can usually expect long lines, crowds, and unreasonably priced foods. as i was wondering around, feeling overwhelmed by all the raw vegan bars or whatever, i saw someone with two great looking tacos and became determined to find them. i am glad i did.
OH MY GOODNESS. Thank god I came to the Chelsea Market today and had food from this place. The food that I ordered (carne asada quesadillas with everything in it, on corn tortillas) was so, so, SO delicious. I nearly cried after my first bite. It was THAT good! The meat was so flavorful, and everything was fresh. And I also loved that they actually make your food right in front of you. I guess my only "negative" comment about this is that their portions are small. Don't just order one item because it won't be enough. Trust me. Today was my first time here, but it definitely won't be the last. Please do yourselves a favor and try this place out. The line will be long but, man, it'll be so worth it.
HOLY GUACAMOLE!!! These simple yet delicious tacos are amazing! They definitely don't skimp on the meat, flavor, seasons, etc. Get it at least once "Con Todo" and I guarantee you'll love it! They even have cactus - which for vegetarians, is heaven! The saddest thing about this place I can say is that they're ALWAYS busy, and sometimes they run out of pico de gallo lol LOVE Los Tacos No 1 I found it actually because I work in the building, and went down after my coworkers came upstairs with it.  The Pollo Asado and Carne Asado are my faves!
I don't really eat a lot of tacos so I don't have a lot to compare it to, but I thought it was pretty good! When they take your order they're really quick and speak fast so be ready. the meat was juicy and just having 2 is a good amount. Get some coke. Have some tacos. Not a bad way to end your day.
Felt like I was back in Cali! The tacos and quesadillas are reasonably priced, and so filling. The tortillas are made on the spot, meat is cooked perfectly and the guacamole and salsas on top are so fresh! I definitely will come back and will suggest others to come here as well!
I'm so used to listening to the wife complain about the dearth of true, authentic tacos in NYC, that her high praise of this place (plus repeat visits) definitely made me take notice. I'm no taco expert, but these are some pretty darn tasty tacos.  The carne asada is beautifully seasoned and at the top of our hit list, but the adobada is no slouch either, bringing with it a bit more heat.  The sauces are all delightfully flavourful without being overwhelming, and the corn tortillas are definitely my new favourite way to shovel delicious Mexican food into my mouth. The line can be a bit maddening, but the fact that they are consistently long speaks volumes as to the enduring quality of the food.  Check it out!
Amazing tacos. I have not found better in all of Manhattan.  I usually get one taco and one quesadilla and that does me in. Yum.
Los Tacos No.1 has the art of taco making down to a science, serving endless line-ups of hungry guests while maintaining a high standard of freshness and quality. Located in Chelsea Market, this is a perfect stop for a snack while enjoying the market. Menu is simple and made up of a few variations of tacos. We opted for two grilled cactus and one Pork taco on corn tortillas. Once you order you get to witness the speed and precision in which the tacos are made; one lady making fresh tortilla, one man carving pork from a shawarma like spit, and one man putting all the magic together. The result is a miracle of food assembly that will tickle your taste buds. Grilled cactus was definitely the most interesting taco I have ever had. Slightly sweet, slightly smoky with a green bean texture, this was definitely something different. The pork was well seasoned, with the perfect amount of spice. The tacos are loaded with guacamole, tomatoes, and other toppings (onions, cilantro etc). There is an additional topping bar of salsas, hot sauces, radishes and things of that sort. The corn tortilla had a great texture and was clearly handmade shortly before consumption. All in all this was one of my favourite places to eat in New York; it is certainly a gem in the breathtaking Chelsea market.
This is the real deal.... Others dont stand a chance.... Quick and lots of stuff to add on to the tacos. They are out of this world... I'm already craving another one... Even loved the rice water drink...
I love this place! To say it is magnificent would be an understatement. Never again can I just go and enjoy a taco anywhere. Los Tacos No. 1 literally ruined regular taco experiences elsewhere! Thanks Los Tacos! HaHa But no, seriously... I can't emphasize how remarkable their tacos and guac w/ chips are. They have an extremely fresh taste to them and they are quick. It is as if the items used to prepare the food were harvested or slaughtered earlier that morning. I can recall going to visit Los Tacos soon after getting both of my lower wisdom teeth removed. Did I know I was in for a challenge? Yep, sure did! Not a care was given! It literally took me an hour and a half to nibble through the continents of the two tacos. Listen to what I said, the contents, which means I completely skipped the nice fluffy corn shells. Guess what? I enjoyed every splendid second of it! Am I rambling? Yes! Why? Because I feel like an excited hyper little kid as I think about these amazing tacos. What tacos should you get? It doesn't matter! You can't go wrong so just go with whatever you feel like! The only tip will be to relax. Chelsea Market moves at a different pace. I always feel like I'm going 100mph when I enter because everyone is moving on a none NYC time. Try to walk extra slow and you will fit in with what seems to be majority tourist patrons.
Wow, best tacos I've had outside of Mexico!   Tried both the carne asada & adobada tacos. They were stuffed with meat that was juicy and flavorful.  Tried a lot of different places over the past weekend but this was definitely my most memorable and tasty meal.  I'll be back!
I never eat tacos..but the tacos I have had...I don't even think I dare compare them to this place. Why do I still drool when I think about it. It's so delicious, from the flavor to the tenderness/juiciness of the meat to the perfect combination of toppings. The one thing I have to say is that these tacos are not the crunchy kinds.. so the shell is soft and I had the corn/wheat shell with steak, pollo and nopal cactus. it was amazing. The juiciness of the toppings do tend to make it a little sloppy with the juice oozing out. WHATEVER i just ate it like a homeless person, which makes it taste all that much better. Standing there with a crowd of people...yup. No shame in admitting it. It was delicious
Possibly the best tacos I have had in NYC. I work at the barber shop in the Chelsea market and am so happy I stumbled upon this gem. The staff is so kind and you can tell they have a true passion for Mexican cuisine. If you're around the area it's definitely a must to check out !
I'm going to have to echo the wisdom of Peter D. on this one: get two adobada tacos. You may look at the menu and think, wow! carne asada sure sounds good, or, gosh, I'm in the mood for pollo today. It doesn't. You're not. Don't do it. Getting less adobada tacos when you could possibly have more adobada tacos is one of the great tragedies of my yet young life, along with the time that I dropped a fresh warm-out-of-the-oven Oreo brownie on the ground. Get corn tortillas for your tacos, because that's what the cool kids do. Help yourself to the self-serve salsas, but remember: spicy means actually spicy, not gringo spicy. And then perch on some bench in a corner of Chelsea Market and thank your lucky stars that you are eating twice the amount of adobada.
If you're looking for quality tacos in NYC, look no where else! This place has the best tasting tacos in all of NYC. I've lived in LA for a few years where quality tacos are easy to find and after moving to NY I realized that NY doesn't know what a quality taco is! That is of course until, Los Tacos No. 1 opened. The owners are from SD (San Diego) so, they understand quality ingredients to make an amazing taco! They even make their own tortillas (the way it should be). The menu is simple and everything tastes great. I hope that one day they will add carne asada fries and tortas to their menu. Until then, I will be enjoying the tacos! Thanks for finally introducing New Yorkers to what a taco should taste like! The best!
I decided to come here based on the hype of friends and Yelpers showing an overwhelming outpouring of support for this establishment. The first question I have is: Did I come to the same taqueria everyone else went to?  I'm going to be one of the outliers here and unfortunately, go against the grain. Perhaps some of the blame should be on me for coming here on a dismal thunderstorm-y evening of 7/14, but I caught them at 8:30pm on a Monday (some time after a Yelp event in nearby West Village), and they were absolutely not on their game. I'd ordered a horchata, a carne asada quesadilla, and an adobada taco and sadly, none of which satisfied my palate.  Both were soggy, dripping and flavorless. Upon picking up the taco, a stream of water came pouring out. 0-for-1. (I have a witness that swears by it and loves Los Taco No.1) Ok, maybe that was an aberration.... I picked up the open face quesadilla (yes, it looks more like a giant taco... They DO know how to fold things in half, don't they?) and still it fell apart before my very eyes and hands, a sloppy mess, one which I had to eat with a fork.  Not going well I'm afraid. 0-for-2. If that were not an indictment, the third strike goes to flavor. It was simply bland beyond words.  I had expected savory and flavorful and my tastebuds were bereft of that small pleasure tonight. 0-for-3. To add to my misery after paying for this experience, I also had to hunt for seating somewhere or eat fashionably at the pickup counter.  Luckily, found a table outside after standing some five minutes or so. Even (name-your-baseball-player) has bad nights so I'll give them another chance, however, as it stands, the experience earns them two stars.
Worth the wait, every time........... Adobada tacos and Special Quesadillas like you can find NOWHERE else. Keep up the good work, guys!
Omg please open No. 2 to infinity.
Some of the best tacos we've ever had. Muy autentico, and in the Chelsea Market. Chicken quesadilla was super delish, ate every bite.
The tacos here are juicy and delicious! What more can a SoCal native ask for in NYC? This is a standing room only kind of place, so it's quick to get in and out with your food. You can also search the halls of Chelsea Market for an open table if you want to sit. Tacos in order of favorites: 1) Adobada - marinated pork 2) Pollo 3) Carne Asada I haven't tried the nopal (cactus) taco yet, but maybe next time! I love the way they lay out their salsas, roasted arbol peppers and limes. It's convenient for  dressing your tacos to your hearts content. The hype is real - this place serves up no-nonsense quality tacos at a decent price.
Worth the wait. For the cost for eating on the go. Only suggestion is to avoid the guac. You get to enjoy the flavors of the meat much more this way. Glad a spot like this has opened in Chelsea market. I have a feeling Los Tacos is going to be around for a while.
Visiting Google one day for work, I planned my day specifically so I could visit Los Tacos No.1.  I mean, you know, priorities.  The main thing I miss about working in the Bronx is the great, cheap Mexican food.  No chance I was going to pass up the chance to get my fix while I could given that Midtown lunch options are generally horrible.  I got here right when they were opening so there was no line.  Los Tacos is kind of in an odd pot crammed with 2 other vendors but it's actually the size of a typical taqueria.  I got my food quickly and made my way to a table outside to feast. I got a pollo asada taco as well as the much raved about adobada taco (roast pork).  First off, as others have noted the corn tortilla is the way to go here.  It's the best tortilla I've had on the East Coast.  The adobada was a bit overhyped but was still great.  Still if you like rich, caramelized pork, this bud's for you.  I actually enjoyed the pollo asada a bit more.  Probably one of the best tacos I've ever had.  The given toppings were sufficient if a bit heavy handed but complemented the tacos well (my apologies for not remembering the list), and there's always more stuff on the side (radish, hot sauce, etc.) if you need it. If you're in or around the Chelsea market and you love Mexican food, this is a must visit.  Outside of the Bronx and parts of Brooklyn and Queens I'm not sure if there are any serious competitors.  I have to assume there usually is a line--others on here certainly say that--and I'd say that it's probably worth it as long as it doesn't go over half an hour.  Great Mexican food is hard to come by in Manhattan, especially for a reasonable price.  I'd kill a man to have this as a lunch option by me (maybe not but it is really good).
Yum!  We came here early on a Saturday evening, looking for a snack before going for a walk on the High Line. The line to order wasn't too long and it moved fairly quickly. These tacos are tiny but they cram a very generous amount of filling in there. That means that they super messy to eat so don't go there with people you want to impress since pieces of filling will most likely end up everywhere in your attempt to bite into it. I had the chicken, my husband tried the pork and beef, we agreed that they were all equally delicious. Con todos is the way to go (they'll top your taco with salsa, cilantro, onion and guac) and you can still choose from a bunch of sauces and add ons on the counter. We'll definitely be back!
Had a carne asada taco on a corn tortilla and it was up there with the best - I am originally from Texas.  Is New York City putting Houston to shame?   If you are on the fence just try one and then get ready to get back in line and buy 3 more, which is what happened to my group.   When you see a 4.5 star average and a $ price in NY that is special.  Take the money you saved and grab a cab and skip the subway for a change:)
BEST tacos in NYC...or in the USA.  Warning:  they may cause addiction and 'taco-only' one way thinking.  I'm from Southern Cali and these tacos made me feel like I was at home (but they are even better) I'm sure everything else is wonderful but all I can seem to order are the tacos..
I was suspicious at first because it is hard to find a good taco place with reasonable prices in the city. Los Tacos proves me wrong! It is housed inside Chelsea Market and there is a long line waiting. It did move really fast and we were ordering our share in no time. I got the Carne Asada and Pollo Tacos to go. They were all freshly made and you can add your own hot sauce after it is made. I like how it is made to order and it is not too stuffy or overly greasy. I would recommend at least 3 to be filling. My recommendation is eat it while it is hot because the shells are grilled slightly so if you wait too long, it gets soggy after a while.
The Quesadilla Especiale is amazing. Try it with their pork, I've never had anything like it. Friendly staff and amazing food, not to mention very reasonable prices considering it's NYC.
Impressive. I had heard amazing things about these tacos, and I'm super glad I finally made the trek out to Chelsea Market so that I could try them. I had both a pork and chicken taco, both on flour tortillas. They were fantastic. They both had a great flavor - especially the chicken; it was so flavorful and spiced beautifully. On top of the meat, they had some different sauces, and then you can add whatever salsas you want, lime, pico de gallo, etc. These tacos are fresh, made extremely quickly, relatively well-priced, and a good choice at Chelsea Market! Definitely make a stop here.
We got the Carne Asada & Pollo tacos on both flour & corn tortillas. Best tacos I've ever had, granted, I haven't been to many authentic Mexican places. I love how they have the steak grilled on real fire. Gave it a nice smokey flavour. The guacamole was really fresh, and you can add your own salsa & chilli. Definitely drop by for a quick snack. Or grab a couple of menu items for a full meal.
I'm from California and this is as good as the Mexican food we have over there (I never thought it was possible in NYC but lo-and-behold). I had the pollo asado quesadilla and OMG it was amazing. I also had the horchata which was really good. I'll definitely be back here to try more.. love it!
OMG!  That was my first reaction, that was my wife's first reaction, that was my son's first reaction. Absolutely the very best taco any of us had ever put in our mouths. The adobada taco at Los Tacos No. 1 is phenomenal!!! The biggest question on my mind is why this has not become a chain? Build one of these in Frankfort, KY or in Louisville or Lexington and I will eat my weight in these tacos every day for a month, and then cut back to only once or twice a week. YES, they are that good. Don't get me wrong, their other tacos are very good but the adobada taco is out of this world. Another reason to visit NYC
Los Tacos No. 1 has the best tacos around! But because it is located in Chelsea Market, and space is limited, I recommend going at an "off-time" for an enjoyable experience. Aproveche!
Best tacos I've had in Manhattan (I say Manhattan b/c better may exists in Brooklyn but i haven't found it yet). The tacos come packed with a bunch of flavor already but they have fresh toppings available on the counter should you need more. The tortillas are made fresh right in front of you, definitely recommend the corn over flour as it's more authentic. Even with Num Pang right around the corner this is best meal in Chelsea market.
I came here with a few friends for a spontaneous meet up after work. And let me say, we were all incredibly sad to have finished our food! We waited about 10 minutes on line (this was around 6PM) and ordered the chicken, steak, and pork tacos and also the quesadillas. We also got the chips and guac on the side. Each item is $3 - $3.50 which is a little bit on the pricier side for tacos but for NYC standards, it's a steal! The tacos itself were just amazing. Absolutely delicious. The pork taco especially was the best out of the other two because it was just so tender and flavorful. The guac was pretty insignificant (I've had better) but you're crazy if you're just here for guac. This is probably the best taco joint in NYC!
Loved the Adobado and Carne Asada burritos! Speedy service and they make your burritos fresh. I just wish they had seats, had to have my burritos standing up. I've seen long queues to order here during the weekends. 8/10
All their tacos are awesome and pairs well with some chips n' guac, Fanta bottle sodas. Recommend the pork with all 'the works' because it's amazingly tasty. Line moves quickly. There's a big menu by the registers- def look for that, reference if you're new like me. Def coming back again because this was one of the best tacos in NYC.
Food 4 Ambiance 3.5 Service 3 o/all 3 only to balance out the exaggerated rating.  i notice i have been having to do this more...too many restaraunts with high scores due to hype or ignorance (yep, i said it) I feel torn about this review.  Are the tacos good--yeah.  Are they God's gift...nope.  The NYC standards of mexican food are weak. Go to san diego or the mission district in san fran, or various parts of mexico....then you get what i am saying. things to know: 1/ they make their fresh corn tortillas on the spot...nice; they will ask you if you want flour or corn 2/ tacos are small...probably need 4 for the average guy 3/ no chorizo and other fancy proteins, just chicken, pork, beef and cactus 4/ yep, they are ~$3 per taco but they come with guac 5/ their salsas are on the spicy side 6/ the horchata is very well balanced and tasty 7/ only standing area to eat unless you venture to the common table area 8/ downtown tacqueria in jersey city probably better *9/ you order, they give you a receipt and then you hand it to the guys making the tacos...if you forget the last step, you dont get the tacos
I was starving and we were out and about.  Grabbed my yelp app and spotted this place.  Ordered a chicken and a steak taco.  Pretty small portions but they are like street tacos.  The chicken was the best.  Real fast service.
SLAMMING! Pretty much the best tacos in the city. I don't think that there's another level of better taco to be had. And Its just a taco stand in the mall.
Being from Califronia and hearing some skepticism about Mexican food in New York, I decided to try this place out after walking through the Chelsea Marketplace. I decided to get a carne asada taco after reading some good reviews. The meat tasted great and didn't disappoint. My meat-to-tortilla rate was a little mysterious since I still had a lot of meat leftover once I finished the tortilla. I was happy to find horchata here, which was great as well. This was a good sized snack for around $7
Ok, this review is coming from a guy that grew up in Ensenada BC Mexico near Tijuana Mexico surrounded by hundreds of amazing taquerias ... so when I say tacos are amazing and authentic I MEAN IT! you simply won't find a better place in the city or even in Los Angeles where finding taquerias is more common. Tyler the owner was very welcoming and let me just say... he really knows what he's doing congratulations man you really nailed it... those are some bomb tacos with true authentic ingredients, fresh made tortillas on the spot ,amazing adobada, asada and topping it all with a great atmosphere..  totally recommended!!! Bernie and Amy.  :)
These might be the best tacos I have ever had in the 5 boros. I always get the homeade corn tortillas which are great. They have all the salsas and pico de gallo to add to your tacos which are great. The adoboda is excellent. I'm a big fan. Cheap as well. The reason it only gets 4 stars is because its almost impossible to find a spot on the bar to eat. PS be prepared to deal with a lot of tourists when you come here
I went here because of the high rating on Yelp and they delivered.  The Carne Asada Quesadilla was amazing as was the chips and guac.  The only downside is that there is no seating.  Just a few places on the counter between utensils, the register, and salsa where you can stand and eat.
We loved Los Tacos No. 1! It would have gotten 5 stars if it had a seating area. We had the beef and chicken tacos which were totally terrific. We especially like the Mexican Condiments Bar where you can get peppers and limes. We had 2 drinks but I don't remember their names. They were quite good. The only negative is that is hard to eat tacos with kids without a seating area.
Incredible tacos. I stop here every time I have visitors- totally worth the trip and a nice combo w the highline nearby. If you don't like spicy foods, avoid the salsa.
Adobada taco on a fresh, warm homemade corn tortilla will become that thing you crave whenever your hungry.
When I saw the excellent yelp reviews for this place, I knew I had to try it when I was in the chelsea area. My husband and I shared pork tacos, a steak taco, and a chicken quesadilla. The pork was my favorite, but it was all super flavorful and delicious.   There was a line, but it was very quick. The only downfall is that there's really no place to sit and eat.
I'm not sure if this place lives up to the hype. I've been here 3 times, just to make sure, and every time I wasn't impressed. they're good, don't get me wrong, but it doesn't deserve the reviews it has. 1st, expect to wait. there's usually a line at the counter, and another line where you have to give your ticket to a guy who takes your taco deep fried quesadilla was alright. steak is a bit dry, and chicken is just chicken. but the tortilla and the ingredients that go into this are pretty damn good. i heard they serve cactus here too, maybe ill try one day.
Preeeeeety Goood. The produce and meats being used are very fresh and get prepared in front of you. The place is pretty hygenic , but chelsea market isin't , it's filled with grime and residue from tourists and mainstream madhatteners.. I like the price to size ratio of this Fast Food place , but would prefer to see them also making big burritos for 6-7 bucks rather than paying 7.50 or more for 3 small gentle tacos.
After spending  a few days eating tacos in Southern California I was determined to find  a great taco in NYC, funny enough when entering Chelsea Market I didn't have a clue taco stand existed there, albeit pretty fancy taco stand, but still laid back, and cactus taco you say?  Delish, I am a stickler for tortillas and while this one is as usual the small rounded and not toasted one we generally see in new york city , and you get to pick corn or flour, and so i did flour, you also have three different sauces on the counter to add on the finished taco from the grill. bonus: cut radishes which add just enough of you thinking, this place makes sense. and for all you horchata lovers, they serve that too. can't go wrong, and price ($3 a taco) is right.
So far, I have only had one item off the menu. The adobada quesadilla is just fantastic. They don't go too heavy on cilantro (a huge problem in New York). The meat is super tender. The guacamole does not overpower the food. Get it with everything and on a corn tortilla. So good. And only $4. It is not quite a full meal, but maybe that plus chips will do the quick. Also, be prepared to wait. You get in the first line to pay, then the next line to hand your order to the cooks. They can personalize your order there. If it's not crowded, you're looking at a five minute wait. If it's crowded, it can get complicated. Also, since this is just a stand in the Chelsea Market, it has no seating of its own. You'll have to find a table by wandering.
OMG TACOS! There are few places with tacos like this in NYC! Cheap! Fresh! Delicious! The only downside is no seating, though as long as it's not the weekend you'll find a spot in the market. Every time I go to Chelsea market, I plan to tey something new but I always fall back on Los Tacos, and am never disappointed. Had the bahn mi place-that was a mistake. I prefer the chicken tacos, the pork are a little greasy/fatty for my taste, but the husband loves the pork. Get the chia and guacamole, and get yourself a Fanta. It's the drink that goes with tacos (assuming  a beer is not an option).
Yum! So good!
Best. Tacos. Ever. I travel pretty regularly and make it a point to try and eat tacos in every new city. These tacos take the cake. Man oh man are these tacos good. The pork has thin slices of pineapple and the combination of savory and sweet that is mind blowing. Don't forget to fight your way to the salsa bowls in the front. The medium one is mostly roasted poblano peppers and it's so good. The spicy one is like Woah! but still has good flavor, not just heat. These folks know what they are doing! This will be a repeat on my next trip to NYC.
This place is straight fire. Picture this, I was on a casual stroll through Chelsea markets looking to pick up some fresh salmon for dinner.  It was around lunchtime, so I was pretty hungry and keeping an eye out for a good spot to grab some food. I saw a sign for los tacos, and naturally because I love tacos I followed the signs until I saw the booth slotted in a no frills space inside of chelsea market.  I ordered up 3 tacos, corn tortillas and the works.  No more than 3 minutes later, one of the waiters serving the counter (will explain this part in a bit) hands me three freshly wrapped mexican style tacos.  I am talking straight out of Pueblo, just staring me in the face.  So I grab a couple of lime slices and stand at the counter to test out the goods.  Man were they delicious.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned chicken, with just the right balance of flavors. Now los tacos is not a sit down and have a romantic meal type of place, they have a few counters where you can eat, but like most of Chelsea Market; space is pretty scarce.  BUT, Los Tacos is a perfect little taco stand in the heart of NYC, with incredible food, and quick and easy service. I will be back.  Many times.
I REALLY wanted to give this place 5 stars, and honestly I came here expecting it to be easy to do so given I've recently been obsessed with tacos. However, I was pretty disappointed - overall food was average, it was a pain in the butt to find any place to eat (although I recognize that's no fault of the shop because it's in Chelsea Market), and the experience wasn't phenomenal by any means. I got the steak and adobada tacos. They were pretty average. I liked how the meat was grilled fresh on the spot, and there was a good amount of meat-to-tortilla ratio, but actually the steak tasted a bit funky (wonder if it was bad?). The guac sauce they put on the taco was watery, relatively tasteless, and just spilled everywhere, making it a pretty messy taco meal. I sort of wish they just got rid of it all together rather than set the expectation of having anything related to guac. And especially because there was no place to eat and Chelsea Market was packed, by the time we found a place to sit, the tacos weren't piping hot. I did like the add-ons they provided in those molcajetes, especially the sauces. The hot sauce was amazing, and I also liked how they had whole red chilis.
I'm leaving my job in Chelsea Market this week, and I'm definitely going to miss going to this place. Best tacos I've had in NYC. Here's a tip, though: Get either the Adobada (pork) or Carne Asada (beef).  The chicken tacos are just okay, but the Adobada is great and the Carne Asada is fantastic. Also, this place gets CRAZY during the lunch rush, so you're much better off getting there closer to noon rather than 1 o'clock.
Los Tacos is one of th places in Chelsea Market that almost always has a line. It's well worth the wait...and don't worry, the line moves quickly. Inexpensive, authentic Mexican food and drinks. You can get a meal for under $10.
My wife and I went to walk around Chelsea Market today and couldn't believe it when we saw this taco place. Not too many places do real tacos al pastor, but this place had the real deal. My wife it's Mexican and I have been to Mexico many times this is the closest you will get to real street tacos without traveling to Mexico City! Everything they made was delicious, we will definitely make this our go to place when we are near that location. There seems to always be a line but it moves fast, so don't let that discourage you. Awesome place!!!
The adobada taco here is my favorite taco anywhere in NYC. My previous favorites were in Bushwick, Sunset Park and Queens, but inconsistency, a fire, and the fact that nobody wants to go to Queens has left Los Tacos No. 1's adobada in sole possession of first place. Let me give you some advice: Anytime you are at a restaurant and there is meat that they will carve off a spit and serve you, you should get it. Immediately after seeing the spit, I wanted to get two adobada tacos. But in the interest of variety, I got one adobada and one carne asada. HUGE MISTAKE. (Your first instinct is always right, people.*) While the carne asada and the pollo asada are both excellent (seriously, fantastic tacos in their own right), pork is always the right decision. Really, I'm betting anything you get on a fresh corn tortilla** will probably be good here...but any space the inferior meats of beef and chicken take up in your stomach is space you cannot fill with the crispy, fatty, juicy explosion of flavor that is the adobada. I've always known these marinated pork and pineapple flavors as al pastor, but whatever you want to call it, it's ridiculously delicious and all I can think about is going back for more. _____________ *Even if it tells you to slap that 250 lb. man for his insolence. **I can't abide a crappy, grainy, cold, corn tortilla (I'd actually rather have flour), but Los Tacos No. 1 does corn tortillas right.
My husband and I stopped here for a quick lunch on the way to the Highline. We ended up checking out the rest of the market too - really cool architecture and stores. The tacos were small, but tasty. The marinated pork was the best of the three we tried because it had the most flavour. The steak and chicken were good, but made better by the sauces and limes they have at the pick up counter. Totally get a side of guac and chips - it is big for only 3 bucks. If you see a open seat anywhere in the market, grab it while it is free! It was busy when we were there at lunchtime and ended up sharing a table with a couple different people.
$3.50 for a taco. Great green sauce. Not big, but enough meat. Can probably be full after 4-5. Definitely get the corn tortilla, not the flour. Sub par but serviceable Horchata. No seating.
Excellent!!! In the land of mediocre Mexican food, Los Tacos blows them out of the water.
This is as close as you'll get to a real Los Angeles taco without traveling 6 hours by plane to get there. Los Tacos No.1 is tucked away into the one of two alcoves off the main hallway of Chelsea Market. You can't miss the stand, there's usually a long line [that goes relatively fast] and the large sign with red and black letters helps. Taco-wise, these are not cheap. Running at about $3 each, they cost more than what your average taco place on a side street would. But this is New York so you can call these "cheap eats." Adobada [$3]: The pork was really juicy and tender. It came right off the spit. I enjoyed the slices of pineapple on top. I could have done without the cheese and the kitchen sink though, it made the taco greasy. That was my fault for ordering "everything" on it. Chicken [$3]: The chicken was spiced nicely, the meat was moist on the inside but had a good char on the outside. The guacamole salsa on top was good, not as thick as traditional guac and not watery like salsa., somewhere in the middle. Pro tip: get your taco bare, add toppings from the salsa bar [spicy, mild, and regular] and garnish with lime, radish, and chili pepper [if you're brave].
Insanely fresh tacos. I had the carne asada in a corn tortilla and a nopal. The carne asada was an actual carne asada the right cut of beef perfectly cooked an the tortilla was so soft. Perfectly spicy everything.
Take it from a California boy....these tacos are legit. Certainly best I've had in the city and better than almost everything I've had back home. For me it's all about the adobada (pork) with a flour tortilla. The tortilla itself is worth a visit. The carne asada is also really, really damn good. Wish there was a place to sit, but oh well. I'm a fan for life.
Great Taco!!! Maybe the best that I have eaten...
Food was so good! I would definitely recommend and will be going back soon! It is a casual place but the tacos are some of the best I have had in a while. The Chelsea Market can get crowded so I personally like to take my taco to go and eat it at the high line. Great food!
My son and I walked over to Chelsea Market on a Friday night to get some good tacos. We're from Santa Monica and have been traveling on the East Coast for a little while, so we were jonesing for some flavors from home. We weren't disappointed. Where we live the best tacos are found on trucks, and while these aren't quite that great, they were delicious, filling, and cheap. Like every place in NYC, there was a line, but that's not the restaurant's fault. It just means they're doing something right.
I stopped by while browsing Chelsea Market and got Carne asada (steak) and pork, marinated.  They were 3.50 and 3.00, respectively, a bit on the expensive side for a single taco but not that bad considering that Chelsea market is a big tourist spot.   I liked the taste of both meat, but also liked that they added guacamole for the steak taco.  Garnish for the pork one was pretty good too. As everyone may know it is very hard to get a seat in Chelsea market for eating.  Not just seating, but even standing for lunch or dinner.  This is pretty convenient option in that sense, too.  Just keep in mind that it will be very hot to grab for the first 5 minutes or so.
Yummy yummy! I love getting the quesadillas instead of the taco because I love cheese! The melted cheese adds so much! Great to pick up and head up to the Highline for great views of the Hudson River.
Very good tacos! Had trays of extra sides to add in. Very good idea. Fresh, delicious, inexpensive!
So delicious.  So fresh and tasty.  The steak taco is my favorite, or maybe the pork is?  Ok, they're a tie for favorite.  Love watching them make the corn tortillas fresh as you place your order.  I just feel bad for the chicken place across from them in the market.  They're the food market equivalent of the toy from last Christmas that no one wants to play with anymore.
I can't believe I'm saying this but hot damn - these are some of the best tacos I've ever had. And not just in NYC either. I talk a whole lot of shit about Mexican food outside of California because I was surrounded by some of the best stuff you can possibly get your hands on as an American growing up in San Diego. It's just miles from the border so as you can imagine, getting great authentic Mexican food is about as easy as scoring crack was at 42nd & 7th in the '80s. My theory has always been the further away from Mexico you get you basically have to settle for Chipotle... but in recent months New York has stepped up their Mexican food game hard. With places like Otto's, Taqueria Diana, and Los Tacos penetrating the market, it's making a longtime Californian miss the west coast less and less. The only knock is that tacos here are little pricey... but they're situated in Chelsea Market so it's to be expected. And to be honest the abobada was so good **I'd pay double for it easily. Hot off the grill and made right in front of you as you wait - the flavors are intense and the fresh corn tortilla that guides the soft taco to your taste buds is an exceptional piece of gastronomical handiwork. I only had a chance to try one as I was on the way to a dinner elsewhere, but I'm already scheduling out the rest of my month to ensure I have maximum exposure to Los Tacos. **To the owners of Los Tacos, please don't make me pay double. I'll do it, but still...
Good tacos. No tables but places to stand and eat at the counter. Looks like a Mexican street vendor spot and kind of is without the worry of not feeing good after. Go here for a quick bite ... Sometimes there is a line.
After visiting here a few times, I've finally decided to write a review. Yes, the tacos are good but honestly there's nothing to rave about or call them Number 1. Maybe it's because I'm comparing them to Cali tacos, but if you're going to be the hype, then I have high expectations. Compared to other NYC tacos, then yes it's worth checking out. It's certainly not worth the 20-30 minute wait during the lunch rush hour (anytime between 12-1). My favorites here are the pork and asada tacos. I tried the cactus but I was not feeling it. I like how they have plenty of complimentary toppings for you to pile on your taco as you please.
Best tacos I've ever had in NY or CA. So good that I had to come back for more after getting one of each. My favorite was adobada.
I admittedly don't have much experience with genuine tacos. I've only heard about how great it is in the West Side, Arizona, Texas and even some parts in Queens. However, I do know good food and Los Tacos #1 is where it's at. The food is so fresh, so flavorful and so cheap. It's the best tacos I've ever eaten. The menu is simple. Chicken, beef, tacos or quesadillas. Simple yet perfect and they do it so well. I'm already addicted. Mild, medium and hot salsa on the side. Choose between flour or corn tortillas and add radish and lime for your choosing. If you're a fan of Mexican, you must come here for some genuine tacos.
Honestly the BEST chicken quesadillas I've ever had in my life! Seasoned perfectly & the flour tortillas melt in your mouth...excellent quality & fast service all in a cool location:-)
I usually avoid Chelsea Market because it's so hectic, and becoming filled with tourists more and more. But after hearing Los Tacos was serving vegetarian tacos with grilled cactus, I had to come. I tried both their flour, and corn tortilla with the two nopal tacos ($2.50) I got. Either one is a good choice, they're both pretty tasty, it's just a preference of corn or flour. The cactus itself wasn't what I expected, but not in a bad way. It reminded me a lot of eating okra. It's got a slimy exterior, but its crisp when you bite into it. I really enjoyed the taste, and it's definitely now one of my favorite vegetarian taco choices. Grab tons of napkins, these things get crazy messy. Also, any taco joint that gives you free guacamole on your tacos is solid in my book. The only downside of this place is location. I really wish they had another storefront away from Chelsea Market. When you get your food, you're left walking around the place looking for a table, maybe even a just a seat. Food is fresh, and made to order, and staff is really friendly. They let you put on your own salsas and hot sauce at the counter which is nice. I came right as they opened to avoid the rush, and there was already a line piling up, so the sooner you can get here, the better. I can't speak for the meat tacos, but the vegetarian ones are definitely worth the hassle!
Absolutely delicious. I grew up nearby where the owners are from in Southern California and the food is super authentic. The carne asada is perfection: juicy and mouth-watering. It's probably the best I've had in NYC. The carne is so good I find myself not even needing salsa as it's already so flavorful. DAMN THESE ARE GOOD TACOS. So, so happy to have this place in the city -- I can finally get my Southern California, border town taco fix whenever I want.
This is what you call Authentic Mexican. Steak supposedly has more flavor and it rocks my world so I refuse to try anything else. I want to give it 3 stars because a quesadilla really looks like a taco except a tiny bit bigger but its soo worth it. I've come 3x since I tried it and my bf is even in love. PLEASE GIVE BIGGER PORTIONS! It will make it so much worthy. It's already a bit too much.
Omg!!! As a Mexican girl living in NY I can tell this are the best tacos in the city!! The secret is that they have REAL tortillas!! They make it at the moment and the taste is simply amazing!!! They also have "aguas frescas" and great salsas!!
Not often I discover amazing food in high profile places at very good price. We were just walking through the Chelsea Market and saw some people eating some awesome looking snack size tacos, and when asked where they got their food; they pointed me in one of the corners of Chelsea market. No tables, no room to stand, get in line order your tacos and be amazed. We had chicken tacos on fresh made corn tortilla, when I say fresh made I mean someone back their was making it from scratch and serving then hot of the flat top. The hot salsa and pico were out of this world. It is the handy Mexican food made right. I can't wait till I go back. As always you have to try it to believe it. #happyeating
Being a Texan, I was skeptical about all Mexican food in New York and was mostly correct in my assumptions. Most "Mexican" food I had had in New York before Los Tacos had lettuce in it and the salsa just tasted like tomatoes - if they even put salsa on it. So upon hearing about Los Tacos from a fellow Texan friend I knew I'd love it. The horchata was delicious and the tacos were AMAZING. I loved them so much I got them two days in a row and ordered them for my friends. The salsa was spicy and tasted so much like what I have eaten in Mexico. The atmosphere was fun and I loved standing up to eat, another activity reminiscent of roadside gordita stands in Mexico. If you are truly looking for authentic Mexican food in New York this is the place to go.
Delicious cheap tacos and without a long wait if you go not at peak times. Go for the pork and add some extra lime and salsa. Excellent snack if you get 1 or full meal if you get 2-3.
This place has AMAZING service. I went in on at 11:30 on a weekday, right before the lunch rush. I ordered over 25 tacos, many with special orders, and they were very careful to get everything right. I was really impressed with their close attention and they even gave us two free chips and guac. Also they give guac on all their tacos, which would normally be extra at other taco places.
Great little gem way back in the bowels of Chelsea Market. I actually missed it the first two times I walked through looking for lunch. Hubby and I each had a carne asada taco and a chicken taco. The meat was very flavorful and you could actually tell the difference between steak and chicken. I loved all the ingredients that you can top the tacos with, including different kinds of peppers and salsa. I lived in the LA area for a year, and this is the closest to street tacos I have found since I moved. These are definitely 'street tacos' so they are on the smaller side. But in a place as amazing as chelsea market that is probably a good thing. Get a couple tacos, and treat yourself to another lunch bite somewhere else.
Now these are the bomb.   Best tacos in ny.  Well worth the price.   Portions are perfect.  Flavor is deep and will not disappoint.   Only reason not 5 stars is cause food was a trace cool and toy want tour tacos hot.   Won't stop me from chiming back though.   I'm a future regular.   You'll see how amazing it is.
Amazing tacos not to be missed. They keep the menu simple, authentic and delicious!  The pollo asado on corn tortilla taco is superb. Perfectly seasoned chicken accompanied by all the authentic toppings. Seating doesn't exist (it's Chelsea Market) so be ready to eat on the go or carry it a block to the highline where you can sit, relax and enjoy the view!
Great tacos, my favorite eatery in Chelsea market.  The crispy whole peppers from the condiment bar blows my mind.
I'm in love with the cactus tacos!!! Hand made tortillas right in front of you. Long line but moves fast. Great place to grab a nice little snack. Don't forget to add a squeeze of lime to your taco - Mmm enjoy!
The name don't lie - this place is #1 for tacos. Just don;t order the cactus taco, or go here if you are a vegetarian!  The other three meat tacos are out of the world,  well marinated, perfectly moist - just great.  Also, surprisingly, the flour tortillas made with a little lard are perfectly textured and flavored.  Flat out the best tacos I've had anywhere near NYC.
Chelsea Market houses Los tacos Number 1, an authentic Mexican taco stand.  This isn't tex-mex so if you are looking for cheddar cheese, look elsewhere! Most importantly, they hand make their own corn tortillas.  This is hard to find in Manhattan and the tortilla is the most important part of the taco other than the meat. They serve tacos and quesadillas.  Taco options include: 1. Carne Asada - steak 2. Pollo - chicken 3. Adobado - marinated pork 4. Nopal - cactus (standard fare in Mexico) Tacos are loaded with cilantro, Mexican cheese, and optional spicy sauce and guacamole.  Each taco is made to order in front of you and costs around $3.75 each.  Yes, that's pricey for Mexico, Texas, or California, but there are limited options in Manhattan. The drink selection includes 4 authentic Mexican staples: 1. Horchata - sugar and rice water 2. Jamaica - water infused with Jamaica flower 3. Tamarindo - water infused with tamarind 4. Coke bottled in Mexico (made with real sugar) Sauce selections include mild poco de gallo, medium and spicy.  They also have complimentary radish and lime.  Yes, lime since limes are eaten in Mexico (not lemons)!! The line moves fast and is worth the wait.
These tacos were out of this world!!! Best tacos in the country. The carne asada was the best. Handmade tortillas, and outstanding salsas compliment the perfectly cooked meat! They rest of the condiments, amazing! They had these dried chile de arbol peppers in case you wanted to make your bite super spicy. Loved it!!! We will keep coming back to this spot over and over. Line is loooooong, but worth the wait!!!
Went to Chelsea Market today with a friend for Lunch and she wanted to eat tacos. I immediately thought of American Mexican food and wasn't in the mood for imitation Mexican food but I was completely wrong. The food at Los Tacos No.1 is amazing! I became an instant fan. The cooks are Mexican and the food is definitely authentic Mexican fare. The menu is simple but authentic and I can't stress that enough. I had two tacos, one tostada with chicken, the other was soft with meat (both packed with protein and toppings) as well as a aguas frescas and a side of guacamole and chips. My friend had the chicken quesadilla and a agua fresa as well and split my guacamole with chips. I was thoroughly pleased with the food quality and taste. There is a self serve counter where you pick up condiments. I got the pico de gallo which was mildly spiced as well as a green condiment which I think may have been habanero peppers and it was hot which I love. There also was a red one which could have been chili peppers but I wasn't that adventurous, next time. Don't get overwhelmed. During lunch hours the line is very long (All Of Chelsea Market Is Buzzing At This Time) and snakes past the spice shop but it moves quickly. By the time you order and get your food it allows enough time for the other lunch goers to eat, go and free up counter space. THE FOOD IS DEFINITELY WORTH THE WAIT! I wish you could skip the line after you eat to order more food if you just show your receipt but thats just me being a fat ass lol. Food: Authentic Mexican Fare Atmosphere: You be the judge, it's Chelsea Market Service: Quick and efficient
Amazing food and amazing prices! Just be prepared to find a place to sit somewhere in Chelsea Market after you get your food. They do have a counter opposite of their grill counter that you can lean against, stand and eat your food and chat with friends. The reason to go here is the cheap, AWESOME food. Check it out. Don't miss it!
Best tacos I've had in New York. The chef wearing a Padres hat served as a good omen, because I haven't had Mexican food this good since I was in San Diego. Honestly, you can order anything here and it's going to be bomb. I had the chicken and carne asada, both so good you won't want to go anywhere else. No, there's no place to sit (there are standing stations) but you don't need to spend a long time chowing down on these creations. Plus it's cheap!
I came in from out of state and was looking for good, quick, Mexican food. We were walking through Chelsea Market and smelled this place! Eat the chicken quesadilla!!! Just do it!! As soon as I bit into - OMG flavor explosion!!! Amazing!!! Come here!!
I got Pollo Asado (grilled chicken) tacos and Nopal (grilled cactus) tacos and they were both pretty good. I've been wanting to try cactus for awhile and this was definitely a good first impression.
Best tacos every. I don't usually like tacos but the pork tacos is a must!!! It was so juicy and I love the sauce they put on it. It's def a must eat!
The tacos here are awesome! I got a few of the steak tacos and the steak quesadillas since a friend recommended the steak since it was good. Definitely a good decision on the steak because they cook it very nicely here. I was told that the guys who run and work at the place are mainly from Mexico and California. They also serve mexican coke which is a nice touch.
yes it's as good as everyone says- go and get one of everything.. yum yum yum
I can say with extreme confidence, that these are the best tacos in NYC.  I tried three of their tacos and their chips and salsa.  Make sure you get your tacos on a corn tortilla.   All the tacos come with guac on it also. They also have mexican coke!!!!!! Ranking of Tacos: 1. Adobada: The pork taco with two strips of pineapple.  Wow. When i come back I am getting three of these. 2. Carne Asada: Steak was tender, but no comparison to the above taco. 3. Chicken: Nothing special about this one, but that's not to say it wasn't F***ing awesome. If you go outside, back into the market, there are tables and chairs that you can eat these in.  I will most certainly be returning
Stopped in to satisfy my Mexican food craving and was extremely pleased. I had one chicken taco and one pork taco. Both equally delicious. The chicken had a kick to it but I love spicy so I wasn't upset. 100% recommend it and will def be coming back!
The new highlight at Chelsea Market. Their Adobada is a must have with that fattiness and beautiful charring on the edges. The cactus is actually the best I've had as it tastes towards eggplant, so don't be worried.
Daaaaaaaaaamn!!!!!!! I'm from the westcoast and nobody does Mexican food better than the west siiiiiiiide!!!!!! But I'd have to admit that Los Tacos 1 is pretty damn good! I had both chicken and steak tacos with a side of chips and guacamole. Their portions were generous and you can self serve your own gourmet hot sauces!! I'd say this could be the best taco joint in NYC. With all the competition in Chelsea Market, Los Tacos 1 always has the longest lines, so prepare to wait a lil bit!
My absolute favourite taco in New York, and I've made a point to try quite a few. I mean, these are tacos to dream about. Freshly made, fully loaded, and flat-out delicious. I'm partial to the steak, and am looking forward to diversifying and trying new ones in the future. I used to live in the Lower East Side and would come here every time I was in Chelsea. I just moved to Brooklyn and made a 30-minute trek just to eat here. They are that good. Considering I've eaten places where a $4.00 taco comes with minimal toppings and guac is extra, the dressing at this place is unbelievable. Pico, cilantro, onions, AND guac are all included. That makes these small tacos pack a HUGE punch. I regularly order two with a nice bottle of Mexican Coke, and have managed to eat them standing up given the lack of seating. That's the only negative I can give about this place -- since there's no designated "dining" area (now that the noodle bar is open and has private seating) you might wander for a bit, but I would sit on the floor to enjoy these babies. I cannot say enough good things about this place. I have yet to taste a better taco in New York, especially not at this price point. I recommend this place to everyone I know passing through, and so far, nobody has been disappointed!
Rafa (one of the taqueros) is amazing. He's always in a great mood and provides an excellent service.
I never expected to find legit Mexican-style tacos so far from the border.  All three meat varieties - chicken, beef and pork were excellent and flavorful.  My favorite was definitely the pork adobada style while my 9 year old loved the chicken.  I can't recommend this spot enough.   For fair warning, there is no seating in the restaurant, or, for that matter, much of Chelsea Market at all.  But, there is a stone bench near the indoor waterfall where we found seats.  The prices are not cheap, remember, you're in NYC, but the taste and authenticity was outstanding.
This is my favorite taco place, hands down. I think it's better than places in LA like King Taco and El Taurino. Very authentic and fresh. Try the Chips and Salsa, and pork taco.
I wouldn't claim to be an expert, but having lived in San Diego, LA, SF, and frequented Mexico, these tacos knocked my socks off. One of the few places in NYC I will go back to regularly without any FOMO. I recommend the pork and chicken tacos. Prepare to be wowed.
The BEST quesadilla I have ever had in my life. There may be a line, but these guys are quick, so you should not have to wait too long- and even if you did, it'd be worth it. The corn tortillas (highly recommended) are made fresh on the spot. I recommend the Pollo Asado Quesadilla, everything on it, corn tortilla- but really, you can't go wrong here.
OK Los Tacos, you've won me over. I tried the adobados and nopales tacos this time around. Perfection... especially the adobados with little strips of pineapple on top of marinated meat. Grab a big bottle of Mexican Coke from the ice bucket, order 3-4 tacos, and squeeze into a little spot at the bar to enjoy an incredible meal.
My cousin Memo, from El Centro suggested going here. Said the owners are from the Imperial Valley where we grew up. Well, that suggestion was the best ever!!! We or especially my husband John could not get enough of the Los Tacos no 1!!! So impressed with their food flavors & operation!! Staff was very nice & had music going just like in Mexicali, where we'd go to get our tacos.  They even had my favorite runny guacamole!! Score !!! Can you get me that recipe ??!!? We will be back in NYC this November & this will be our first, second & everyday meal while there!!!
This place just gets it. When we go for a taco we don't want to have to cover it in sour cream, fake cheese and a bottle of hot sauce to feel we enjoyed a taco. We want just the right amount of tender protein that was roasted or grilled with care served at the right temperature with a tortilla and guac/cilantro/salsa that compliments the protein rather than over powers it. And though it is located in the bit too trendy chelsea market the moment you step up to this counter the authentic vibe makes you forget the cliches surrounding u.
My daughter dragged me over here after she recognised it from a blog she'd just read.  This place is so good that I caught myself calculating the square footage of the restaurant across the way and fantasizing about how Los Tacos No. 1 might expand into their space (I know, I'm a horrible person) Do go early when the condiments are all still there, but not too early since it's just no fun unless the place is really cranking. Do order corn tortillas because nothing else matters once you've seen someone's mom slaving over a hot flat top to individually hand-make them for you. Do try the adobada, it's legit and not too fatty and you get a sliver or two of that cute pineapple on the top of the spit that you might have thought was just there for pretty. Do order your selection "with everything" unless you have a specific allergy because "with everything" = sublime. And do smile and talk to the taqueros because they are genuinely nice guys and remain that way all day long in spite of the heat and the staring tourists.
I got an al pastor taco and a chicken taco. The boy got tacos and also a quesadilla, which surprisingly looked exactly like a taco except with the addition of cheese, so don't picture the typical large folded over quesadilla in this case. I liked the al pastor taco's topping of pineapple, or something yellow pickled. The pico de gallo here is very fresh-tasting and flavorful, too. They have a nice salsa bar.
In all seriousness -my dreams have come true!  No need to waste time and energy thinking about cooking dinner at home because on any ole night, we can go to the market at 8pm and mosey on over to this wonderful taco stand for din din. I ordered some guac. cause I could live on it and two tacos: one chick and one cactus. The chicken one was so delicious I could cry and the cactus was not so I went back for another chick. I think slimy cactus is an acquired taste or maybe it's a tradition in Tijuana that I know nothing about and whatever, I respect that! Back to my point: The extra order of guac was not necessary because the 2 chick tacos we're filling and totally satisfying. My honey ordered some quesadillas and said they were awesome. I had a bite of the chick one and it sure was!  This place is a blessing from the heavens because the neighborhood was really lacking in the area of fresh tacos.
Coming from California where there are tons of great Mexican restaurants, my expectations weren't extremely high but the food looked tasty in the pics and the reviews were good so I added Los Tacos to my list to try. Wow, these tacos are AMAAAAZING! Seriously, I can say hands down these tacos are some of the absolute the BEST I've ever had. I had two carne asada tacos and they were so tender and flavorful, it was like eating two little pillows of joy. I was totally blown away. Just by looking at the Los Tacos stand you wouldn't think the food was all that spectacular because nothing in particular stands out, but once you eat the tacos you will be forever changed. The ONLY bummer is that they don't have any seating nearby, it seems to be a stand only, eat at the counter type of place but we walked around the corner and found seats. This place is MUST if you are in the in Chelsea Market area and want some guaranteed good food.
Finally tried this place.  Wow, great tacos!  We tried three or four kinds and they were equally excellent, with interesting refreshing flavors and just the right blend of crispy & saucy.  I'd order 3 per adult, or maybe 2 if you are not that hungry. There won't be leftovers!  Almost no where to sit in Chelsea Market, but that's a small price to pay.
best tacos I've ever had.  Try the adobada.  It has pineapples and is delicious!   tip for new customers: after you pay, give your receipt to one of the chefs to the left so they can make your order.
$3 for tacos is average price, but they bit small. However, the tacos were wonderful and tasty. One of the best tacos I ever had. Chicken and pork was juicy. The flour tortilla was different, it was thinly good but they should give at least 2 because my fillings were spilling out. You can also top it off with the different sauces they have on the counter.
One the best tacos I've ever had.  The carne asado taco were really tasty and was actually a good size.  The same went for the pollo asado.  Having coca cola from Mexico in a glass bottle was a huge plus.
These are really pretty amazing. The pork adobada is every bit as tender as advertised. The taco itself was the first one that made me really grasp the greatness of a freshly made corn taco. And there are very few more indulgent and satisfying treats than the quesadilla especial which is deep fried and absolutely amazing. The line gets long so it's best to get here early.
Best tacos/quesadillas I have ever had. I especially like the chicken.  I don't think any place in NYC comes close (for tacos). The owners need to partner up with a big player and open many more locations.  They will become rich beyond their wildest dreams and be doing a mitzvah by providing New Yorkers with a more delicious alternative to Chipotle.   I only wish they had burritos on the menu, not sure why they would not. I had originally given this place 5 stars but I'm taking away 1 star after going back several times.  Two reasons.  First, their stupid retro-novelty 3 sip soda bottles, if I'm spending 14+ bucks on 3 quesadillas then kindly give me an ample amount of beverage! I literally drank the entire tiny bottle between paying and collecting the food (no exaggeration).  Sure, those bottles have more personality than a can, but I'm there to get my eat on, not appreciate some trendy/eclectic notion of what soda once was. Second reason for losing a star is that the lady making the tortillas kept speaking on the phone, touching the phone with her gloved hand, and then going back to making them with same gloved hand. Not at all hygienic. For the love of G-d, while making  tortillas by hand, change your glove if you are going to touch the disgusting phone receiver!
I'm from L.A., so I know tacos.  The chicken taco from Los Tacos No. 1 is the best I've ever had.  I was blown away.  The flavor, quality and texture of the meat, and handmade fresh tortilla were superb.   They also have a great selection of salsas, and (very spicy) jalapeños.  I'd love to go back again and try the other options, although it will be tough to not get a chicken taco again because it was SO GOOD!!!
4.5 Stars I lived in California for too long so I just couldn't give a perfect score to a NY taco spot. Where to start...ok so first it's located inside Chelsea Market and it doesn't really have a store...you have to go inside another shop to locate it....it's going to be on your left if entering from the 9th ave entrance. The steak taco was insanely good...that beef was different from any other beef I have tasted from a taco...juicy, fresh, flavorful...it's like little pieces of hanger steak cooked to perfection....3 different types of salsa at the counter with different spice levels (the spicy one was really spicy) gives the taco the whole package... At $3.50 a taco, the quality definitely justifies the price.
Tacos here are beyond good. I had the beef taco and the beef is super tender, great corn  tortilla, sauces and salsa is on point. There's even radishes on the side! This is the real deal, I've visited quite the authentic taco joint in Las Vegas where everyone in the store speaks Spanish and not even a hit of English.
My meal here made me miss California, but in a completely good way. It was my first time trying cactus...which basically tasted like aloe! The tacos are a little small and fall apart easily (no double tortilla-ing here, but they are as fresh as can be--you can watch the lady press the dough in the tortilla press and put it on the stove). They are also a little expensive for the size, but I guess that's not too surprising given its location in Chelsea Market. You can get corn or flour tortillas, and you customize your taco, and there is a salsa bar to extra-top your taco if you want.
Possibly the best Mexican I've had. The Adobada tacos are incredible. Healthy portion of deliciously marinated meat and amazing flavors make for one happy Mexican food lover. I ate here two nights in a row because I was just craving it so badly. Who knows, I might go again tonight. Also their horchata was fantastic.
This is just a concession inside chelsea market.  There's no seating, little atmosphere and a very short menu.  Kinda disappointing till you try the tacos.  They make the best tacos in town.  That is all.
nice place...
Soooooooo Yummy! This might be the best Mexican food I've had in years! I ended up ordering the " quesadilla" instead of a taco because the taco did not come with cheese, but the "quesadilla" was really just a taco with melted cheese so I ended up with just what i craved! I got the chicken and the seasoning on the meat was perfect! The cheese added a lot of flavor and the corn tortilla was nice and moist and soft. Yum Yum Yum! You'll probably need more than one to make a meal, but since I was only looking for a snack - one was perfect!
Confusing to find but TOTALLY WORTH IT!!! Perfect amount of spice and flavor, delicious!!!
Awesome tacos in Chelsea Market. The line moves faster than you think, so don't let it scare you away. I tried to chicken tacos which were super flavorful. Made in a handmade, warm, corn tortilla, they had a kick to them but just enough to not throw you over the edge. The guac is also pretty good, as well as the three different sauces you can grab on your own. The tacos are also a good size - they look small but they are pretty loaded so 2-3 will leave you satified and full.
Hands down, one of the best taco places in NYC. These are authentic, Mexico-city style tacos. I grew up in California and have spent time in Mexico and sadly NYC is limited in its Mexican offerings. My search for a "go to" taco joint is over! The ingredients are fresh, the service is friendly and quick (even if there is a line during busy days they move it along). I love the salsa bar and the sliced cucumbers and radishes that they have on the side. The tortillas are handmade and as fresh as they get. Love this place!
Hell, yes. These tacos are the real deal (I lived in Mexico and had my share of street tacos).  Amazing, freshly made tortillas, perfectly composed tacos, excellent quesadillas, rockin good salsas.  Dreamy. We had just about everything on the menu and it was all FABULOUS. Yes, yes, yes.  Loved it.  Only wish there were a few tables and it wasn't the ridiculously crazy scene at Chelsea Market, but holy cow was this place good.
Super tacos! My favorites are the carne asada and abodaba (beef and pork). The cactus one was quite interesting but I was not particularly fond of it. It was kind of slimy like eggplants. I think they are some of the best tacos in NY, but I think they still are not as good as those in LA. I wish they had burritos and more selections of fillings.
I think these were the best tacos I've had in NYC. Super friendly staff, flavorful ingredients and inexpensive. Tried the Pork taco with a corn tortilla and Steak quesadilla with flour tortilla. Steak was moist and perfectly cooked and the flour tortilla was a great accompaniment. They put avocado crema and red salsa on as well as onions. Throw some more jalapeño salsa on there and you're good to go. Pork tacos on corn tortillas did not disappoint either. Corn tortillas were perfectly cooked and charred a bit, pork was flavorful and well seasoned. Also enjoyed chips and salsa. My friend and I split an order but I think we both wanted more. Too bad we stopped in near closing time and missed our chance. I can't wait to come back to fulfill my taco craving. Open more locations!
I'm from southern California and these are the best tacos in NYC for sure.
Hands down the best tacos I have had in NYC. Great flavors in the marinated meats fresh toppings and sauces. Just plain good quality tacos. Also not a bad price for being in the middle of Chelsea Market. If you like tacos, you have to try this place!
The corn tortilla carne asada taco is delicious. When you add the pico and hot sauce it gets even better. Staff is friendly. Tip - lines are stupid long during noon/lunch time. Avoid if you can. But if you can't, remember tacos are waiting for you at the end :)
Great tacos. Very flavorful, fresh homemade corn tortillas, and tangy salsas Carne asada - hot off the grill, great tomatillo salsa on top Carne adobada - delicious spit grilled pork, not as sweet as al pastor. Great roasted chile flavor, and the pineapple garnish adds a great touch
We ate here yesterday and my girlfriend got food poisoning. This was the only meal we didn't share, I did not get sick. Was wondering if any one else was having this problem?
One of the best tacos and quesadillas I've ever had. Fresh spicy and delicious. Nowhere to sit but elsewhere in the market but not a huge problem. In the words of Arnold Schwarzenegger, "I'll be back."
Native of Southern California so I know tacos, and this was the best taco I've ever had in NYC, by far!! I had the Pork Taco and Carne Asada Quesadilla, so tasty. The quality of the meat and other ingredients was exceptional and the flavors all melted together, unlike anything else I've had on the east coast.  The Guacamole and Chips were great, again, the quality of the ingredients in the Guac was top notch and the chips weren't salty or greasy at all. The only reason why I think so reviewers didn't give this place 5 stars is because they don't have seating, but there's a standing counter and this food is easy to carry and go. Also, if you're not scared of strangers it's okay to sit at the Chelsea Market tables with other people if you just ask.  Make sure you grab napkins because these tacos are full of goodness!!!  So happy to have found this place!
Woooooow! Will never forget this experience! It was actually there, in Chelsea market, where I had my first taco ever ;) Was really hungry and passed this stand by chance. Ordered randomly and was very suspicious about the strange looking thing on my plate and then, BOOOOM! Never in my life had I tried something that looked so ugly and tasted so amazing! I found those tacos delicious and cannot wait to visit NYC to have some more!
Easily the best Mexican food in the city. I've had a lot of what passes for tacos and quesadillas in NYC, and nothing compares to this place. I've only tried the pollo asado tacos/quesadillas (with everything) on flour tortillas. The ingredients are fresh and oh, so flavorful. The chips and salsa are good if you need a spicy kick, while the Mexican sodas are a nice bonus that rounds off the meal. I cannot recommend this place enough. Who knew that a "street taco" gem was the highlight of Chelsea Market?
Pros Very tasty $3 tacos Really succulent and tasty grilled meats Red & green sauces with cut lime on the side Reasonable prices Cons Can't think of any
I recently moved out here to NYC from Southern California a few months ago and although the food overall in New York is way better in comparison the one thing that I had yet to find was a really great taco place. I was walking through Chelsea Market and stumbled upon this place. I literally had just eaten lunch but I decided to give it a try and got one taco. I wish I would've thrown up my previous meal because these tacos are amazing and I wanted to order more. I got a carne asada taco and the meat is incredibly fresh and the tacos are very traditionally put together. They even have a great topping bar with limes, salsa, and grilled leeks. Messy tacos (as they should be) friendly service, and very well priced. The place apparently has only been open for a week but I will probably be coming back at least once a week from now on.
Can I give a place 6 stars? Cause that still may not be enough. First of all, I am a taco snob. A completely helpless taco snob. This place has tacos that are off the chain and compares to anything you'll find in Texas or Cali. I usually go with a pork taco and a chicken taco, both of which are delicious. The pork has a great sweet and spicy thing going on since they put some pineapple in the taco. The place also has a while bunch of free sides that you can add to your tacos. Careful of the spicy sauce people. Food is very well priced. There is always a line and ever since the ramen place took up the side wall, not a lot of counter space. Despite this, go to Los tacos and eat until you need to roll home. Best taco in town.
Ok, I'm from Houston where the best tex-mex in the US reigns. I've never had tacos like this before. It's number 1 in Chelsea Market for a reason.
Good carne asada, a little disappointed in the adobada. A little more seasoning would have made it way better. The homemade flour tortillas were okay but got soggy really quickly and fell apart. Salsa was yummy and the guys behind the counter were really nice about putting a little more on when asked. I recently moved back from the west coast and have been looking for a good taco shop, so this place is solid for New York but can't really compare to west coast tacos.
The best tacos and quesadillas I have ever tried. The only downside is that it is quite expensive for the small size tacos and quesadillas. It is 3.50 for a carme asada taco and 4.50 for the quesadilla. All in all the food was the best Mexican food I have ever had. It's includes all the small Mexican joints we have out n the la areas as well.
Now THIS is how you do it. The Mexican food in this place is really good. The food is well seasoned and flavored, the guacamole sauce is fantastic and the chips are great too! Only thing: maybe portions are too tiny for American standards. But I definitely wanna go back and try out other dishes. Moreover, the staff was friendly! Which is rare nowadays (to all the other impolite and unfriendly restaurants' staffs: learn from this place. See? It's not that hard)
Easily one of the better Manhattan tacos - their nopal for under $3 on a corn tortilla with everything was small but packed a lot of flavor with a decent kick.
Best tacos I've had in nyc hands down. Very authentic with fresh quality ingredients. The line can get a bit long since it's in Chelsea Market but they go through the lines pretty swiftly. Get one of each tacos with all the fixins!
I tried a Carne Asada and the Adobado. Both were fresh and delicious, I liked the Carne Asada more.  They were a bit greasy, but they were small bites so they didn't feel too heavy. This place is a gem for price/taste ratio. It's not a sit down restaurant, eat at the counter or find someplace in Chelsea Market to sit.
A great little Mexican food stand made better by being located inside Chelsea Market.  This food was outstanding and inexpensive.  The corn tortillas for the tacos were made onsite at the time of order.  I don't just mean the tortillas are pressed from pre-made dough at the time of order either.  They made the corn tortilla dough balls right in front of us.  After choosing the meat of your choice they add the ingredients you request.  The Chelsea Market is an experience unto itself which only makes eating this food better.
The tacos made here are delicious... (I've never said that before.) They make the best local taco I have ever had. I'll love the pollos taco "con todo." "Eat them while they are hot," the guy will tell you. I agree, they aren't as good when they cool off. Dont' go at noon, you'll get caught in a 30 min line.
Really good tacos, but on the expensive side.  Not worth going out of your way for, however, if you're planning a visit to (the crowded and overly-commercial) Chelsea Market, then drop a tenner and enjoy.
Very confused about the popularity of this place.  The pork in the taco had lots of potential(had some flavor and bits of pineapple) but overall the tacos were overpriced and bland.  I tried one of each meat.  No cheese, sour cream, salsa (although there was a bowl of salsa at the counter but I couldn't put it on since mine were wrapped to go).  Also didn't think the meat was salted enough including the pork.  All in all the lamest food I had all week in NYC.
I'm a little afraid to write this review. With all the 4- and 5-star reviews, how can I give Los Tacos only a 2-star review? Well.... The tortilla is thin. It ripped once I picked it up. The meat is dry - both the adobada (pork) and pollo asado (chicken). The flavor is a little underwhelming and the texture is inconsistent. Some pieces were meaty and some pieces were a little like jerky. Understandably, I went at 8pm during a 9pm closing day. Perhaps because it was near closing time, the food wasn't the same caliber as it would be during the lunch and dinner rush. But an establishment shouldn't let that affect the quality of the food. For a spot that boasts to be No. 1, they sure didn't serve No. 1 food.
This place is so delicious!!! The pork taco was very tasty and pineapple is essential. I guarantee that this place is the next Calexico.
I can't believe it!  I was convinced this would be the one place were I would return to and the quality would be 5 stars on the second visit too. It wasn't. The chicken taco was very dry and the tortilla shell did not have that same, strong good  flavor and was greasy. The adobadas- dripping with oil/grease..They weren't the last time.  Not as flavorful either and the same problem with the tortilla. I am assuming it was an off day so will return to give them another try as it was SO good the first time!
Best tacos on the east coast, bar none. You must try the deep-fried quesadilla. It's decadent.
Easily the best Mexican food I've had on the East Coast! I had the quesadilla and some chips and guacamole, while my coworker got two tacos and a quesadilla. The quesadilla was packed with flavor and with the chips & guac, I was very easily full. I didn't quite like the chips and guac though- the guac was a little bit bland and the chips were inconsistently salted. I'd take a bite and wouldn't have tasted anything special, and the next bite would be overly salted. Only minus point. Would definitely come back again, but wouldn't order the chips & guac again. I'm definitely glad we were able to find Los Tacos!
Wow, just WOW to this place! Best quesadillas/tacos I've had in NYC or anywhere for that fact. I went here with a friend because we were looking for a cheap mexican place to eat and I am so glad we stumbled upon this one. The quesadilla was pretty much a taco, but with melted cheese. It was delicious, fresh, and everything goooood.
Los Tacos No. 1 has redefined "Taco Friday" for me! For over a year, I've had the opportunity to work at Chelsea Market and basically since this place has been in business, I have been eating here with my coworkers every single Friday. We come here so often that my colleague knows what he owes to the penny! "$13.07 right?" I have had everything on the menu at this point. My usual go tos are the Cactus and Chicken tacos, and when I'm feeling especially hungry, an Especial (Deep fried quesadilla)! Paired with some chips and guacamole (I don't recommend the chips and salsa combination unless you really really love spicy salsa) and a Horchata to wash it all down, it is pretty much something to day dream all over again for the next week after your meal is finished. Tacos are a little on the small side, but they are packed with flavor so they are pretty satisfying. I suggest if you have a big appetite, I think three tacos makes for a pretty good meal. And as far as Chelsea Market meals go, this is probably the cheapest meal option you can get here as well. Easily my favorite place to grab tacos so far in New York City!
I had never really had the chance to become acquainted with Mexican food until recently: SF where I had amazing, basic, pared down no-nonsense beauties at Tacquerias in the Mission and gorged on moles/tacos/cemitas for 3 straight days in Chicago. The tacos here have great corn flavor in their tortilla; just the right size; flavorful, wonderful fillings...I will definitely be doing numerous repeat visits. It's a great reliable addition to Chelsea Market, I'm so happy they opened!
The fav tacos I've had in the city so far! If you see a line, don't leave. Get in line, it'll be worth it! Take your receipt and proceed to the counter. Tell the guy behind the counter whether you want corn or flour tortillas, which are freshly grilled. The texture of the tortilla is a tiny bit chewy, so they don't rip as easily as other tortillas I've had. As for fillings, my fav is the pork, followed by the beef, and then the chicken. You really can't go wrong with any of them. I haven't gotten around to trying the cactus yet. The tacos come out warm and juicy and flavorful. I appreciate the toppings on the ledge that you can help yourself to.
Please try the adobada quesadilla. It is delicious! This place is such a great addition to Chelsea Market. It's a great refueling station as you explore and shop.
Overall B-/C+ Tried the carne asada tacos and they were slightly above avg but nothing special. I could find something similar walking down the street in LA. Don't recommend if you're picky about your tacos.
The best tacos I've had in Manhattan.  SO delicious.  How they prepare the meat is key to this satisfying treat. All the toppings and spices finish it off nicely.  They have a nice kick to them too if you're into spicy food.
By far the best tacos in the city! It's fresh, tasty and cheap! Even if there is a line, it moves very quick. Definitely to try
Pretty darn good tacos.
The best tacos I've had in NYC! They're amazing and authentic, comparable to the cheap taco trucks in SoCal, just a bit higher in price :P The ordering system was a bit confusing for me the first time. Basically, you order with the cashier and he gives you a receipt. Then you take your receipt and find an available cook to whip up your order. The first time I came here, I stood around thinking they'd call my order out. No! They make it when you present the receipt. And make sure you get "everything" on it! That includes guac, onions, cilantro. I'd recommend getting the tacos over a quesadilla. A quesadilla is about $1 more, but you're basically paying for a tortilla of the same size, a smidge more meat, and cheese. Two tacos will leave your belly content, get 3 if you're extra hungry. Get a side of guac and chips for $3. Add a horchata or agua fresca - you've got yourself a yummy, quick, and cheap meal for about $10! They offer a variety of salsas and accompaniments on the counter, such as peppers and radishes. Be careful with some of the peppers... I picked up one benign lookin lil pepper and it set my mouth on fire!
The food is great but the ordering process is an insane free for all. After you order, you're on your own in actually getting your order fulfilled at a separate counter where there is a crowd (no line) of people shoving tickets at a couple of guys who help whoever is most assertive.
Service with a smile, and most importantly, the MOST DIVINE tacos!!!!!!!!!!
Quite simply, the best tacos I've ever had.  It tastes better than in Mexico.  You can literally taste all the hardwork and love in receiving something so authentic so far from home.
Earlier today I received a text message from a friend of mine asking if I wanted to join him for a quick run to the Apple store. Since I wasn't making any progress on my lifelong task of fashioning an image of Jupiter out of Neil deGrasse Tyson's shining visage, I replied, "sure." Upon arriving at the Apple store, the two of us fell into our usual task of putting an image of Nicolas Cage on each and every device our grubby hands were permitted to handle. We soon learned that my friend needed to make an appointment in order to get a technician to have a look at his malfunctioning device, giving us a full 90 minutes to wait for an available "genius." We wandered into Chelsea Market. Anthropologie is right there on the corner, announcing to passers by that everything behind those doors will be overpriced and resemble something that one would find in their great-aunt's stash of the hand-me down clothes even she refused to wear. I suppose Anthropolgie has been a repellent these past two years, an offensive guard keeping me firmly away from Chelsea Market. My friend couldn't believe that I had never been inside, that I had never enjoyed the amazing fish market and the delicious gelato. I promptly pointed to the slow-moving masses of children and tourists as reason enough for me to have stayed away. It was a stalemate... ...until we discover Los Tacos No. 1. Forgive my ignorance, but I had heard very little about this place prior to discovering it. (I now recall seeing it on a "best tacos" list, but this is the result of post-meal research.) My friend and I, both coming from Chicago, deeply miss the wealth of delicious tacos that our former home offers, and have often pointed to New York's lack of amazing tacos as one of the reasons we miss our former home so much. I don't think I am exaggerating when I say that the Tacos I enjoyed this afternoon are among the finest I have ever consumed. I ordered a single pork taco, and a single steak taco, both on flour tortillas. They were perfect. I cannot imagine a complaint and am only able to offer hyperbole as description. The flavor was abundant, the meat was tender and juicy. Upon observing the menu we were skeptical of the $3.00 tacos. Most places in Chicago serve up amazing tacos for under $2.00. After enjoying these so much, I must admit that $3.00 is a bargain. I seldom review places after a single visit, but quite frankly, the food I enjoyed warrants the enthusiastic five star endorsement. I am eager to return and sample more of their offerings.
Wow. Reminiscent of the tacos I've had in Mexico and Southern California, the adobada and carne asada at Los Tacos were a home run. Having tried both the corn and flour tortillas, I prefer the chewiness and density of flavor of the corn. The tamarindo juice was a nice accompaniment.
Pretty neat. Pretty meat
I haven't had a taco this good in years!  Albeit I live in Colorado, so we aren't known for our Mexican food, but I grew up outside of San Diego and this place transported me back.  Without question, the most authentic Mexican food I've had on my rather routine visits to NYC, and better than anywhere else I've lived that's further than 50 miles from the border. I had one each of the 4 types of tacos.  They were all delicious, and I mean DE-LIC-IOUS.  Have you ever wanted to be a competitve eater?  Because after one bite, you will be asking yourself how many you could physically put down.  The adobada and carne asada were my favorites.  The tortillas are made fresh in front of your eyes, and the tacos assembled with such care that you know before you taste it that it's going to burst with goodness.  The hot salsa brings some heat, so don't get carried away. The price is right, and the flavor is phenomenal.  With all the delicious food available in Chelsea Market, I'll be making a beeline for Los Tacos No. 1 the next time I'm there.
There was some pretty extreme hangriness at play when we descended on this slick taco operation. This may or may not have influenced the comment "this is the best taco of my life" from my companion but either way, pretty damn good tacos.
Best mexican food I've had in New York so far! Downside is that there is no seating available inside the place. But you can sit outside, and enjoy their delicious food!
I'm just angry. Angry at myself, angry at Yelp, angry at every other Mexican joint I've eaten at in this city. Why? I only last week discovered this place!!! I've lived here for 2.5 years and griped about the lack of quality Mexican food and never once thought to try this place because it was in Chelsea market. So that's the self/Yelp hatred.. And to every other Mexican joint in the city, take note: this is how you should be doing it. I just don't understand why you don't. I always thought oh it's probably not possible because NY can't get the fresh ingredients or putting lard in the tortilla would make it treif or whatever. But that's all bull. It is possible and LT1 has done it. TL;DR - this place has legit Mexican food. Go there and order whatever, it will be awesome.
I finally made it to Los Tacos and I have to jump on the bandwagon and agree with all the great reviews.The tacos really are yummy and i've tried many taco places lately since they are popping up everywhere. The adobada is unique tasting (for ny) in a good way and the cicken was pretty good too. Love the crispy corn tortillas! They put on some toppings but you get to pick some salsas and extras as well to make it as you like which is nice. I definitely will return when I am in the chelsea market area.
Five stars for that tortilla. Is this best tortilla I've ever had? It could very well be. Stuck in the back corner of that new little section of Chelsea market, the lines can get long. There is no seating, but since that chicken place next door closed, you can eat at their bar while standing up. There's an odd ordering/paying/handing your ticket process that the first time confused me. From a purely operation POV, I don't understand why they do that, but whatever. Did I mention the tortilla? I would just eat that by itself. They are delicious.
This is the real deal.  Awesome tacos.  Amazing robust flavor.  Tried the cactus ones and was not a fan but all the meat ones are phenomenal...
This is easily the best taco in NYC.  I've tried them all and these take the cake.  My favorite are the asada but I also have a special place in my heart for the shrimp.  Plan on getting there a bit before you're starving because the line can be long but it's absolutely worth the wait.  I'm not a big Horchata fan myself but the friend I took absolutely loved it, so there's that as well.
Tasty.  Certainly not worth $3.27 for one mini pork asada taco.  expensive snack. The cool thing is you can watch the lady make the tortilla, and the tortilla is fresh and tasty.
Great taco's.  A bit of a line but worth the wait. They also were a decent price.
Try the quesadilla...at least one.  I can never eat less than 3 of these tacos.  They are incredible.  Finally, a dependable taco joint in the Meatpacking District.
Omg! Best tacos I've ever had in my life. Words can't describe these tacos. And they're gluten friendly.. Got the corn tacos chicken and steak today. Going back again tomorrow for chicken and pork tacos. I think they melt the cheese on top of the corn tortilla which surprisingly keeps the taco together. They hide a smidgen of guacamole in there so it doesn't overwhelm the taco. There's an unlimited pico de gallo/salsas station. Located in an unassuming corner of Chelsea market. Don't count on getting a seat nearby though. So stock up and head over to the highline. You'll achieve a little piece of moksha on an urban rooftop garden under a pergola intaking the skyline and enjoying a taco.
The tacos here are so tasty!  A HUGE cut above the taco truck.  And just pennies more.  In fact, if you consider that guac comes 'standard' on your taco here (which is not of benefit to me, I don't like it,) it probably ends up being the same price as the taco truck.  Nice and spicy and salty exactly as it should be.  The only drawback is the super-long line at times, (which could be improved with a slightly more efficient ordering system.)
Delicious, excellent tacos!! I tried the trio, the steak, chicken and cactus tacos and found them all fresh and tasty. The cactus for obvious reasons piqued my interest the most, and it's chewy texture was really something.  The steak was probably my next favorite, as the meat was perfectly grilled and marinated. You could really taste the cilantro and spices. The corn shells were also tasty, and the cook did a splendid job putting them together without over stuffing them to must-spill proportions. I'll definitely be back for the quesadillas which seemed really popular. Take note though, there isn't any seating, but for the time being you can steal a few moments on the counter of the closed restaurant space just across the way to enjoy your meal.
This spot is LEGIT. If you're craving authentic straight-from-Mexico tacos, this is the place to go. I had the carne asada, the adobada, and the frijoles.. ALL very flavorful. One of the owners (what up Tyler!) gave my bf and I the whole background on his fantastic idea of bringing authentic tacos over the border. He and his crew hit it out of the park! From the meat and freshly made tortillas to the baby food jars turned salt shakers, these guys are on point with every aspect of a real taco stand down south. You're missing out if you haven't been here. I highly recommend stopping by and having a taco or five.
I'm born and raised in LA, and Mexican food in NY leaves much to be desired. It's just never right. That being said, Los Tacos No.1 are my favorite tacos in the 5 boros and quite possibly at the top of the list including California! Yes, it's pretty pricey, and you don't really expect to find the best Mexican food in Chelsea Market of all places--but it's legit. I've had everything on the menu before and it's ALL good. Of course I always prefer tacos in the end, but whether you go flour or corn tortillas, the end meal is outstanding. There's always limes (sometimes sliced a little too thin), and the salsas are so satisfyingly spicy! I always go with the adobada now-a-days as it's too amazing to pass up, and usually pair with an horchata to cool my burning palette afterwards. To be honest, I don't even feel robbed paying $3 a taco because you really do taste the quality -- in the meats (not fatty or gristley), the tortillas (hand made and fresh), the salsa (real chilies), and the Spanish language as music to my ears.   Go and you'll fall in love too! Just nobody tell any of my friends back home that I'm shelling out $15 for tacos and a drink.
If I hadn't already eaten a 2 lb lobster beforehand, I would have tried more than just one carne asada taco. It was completely stuffed and undeniably good. Definitely one the best I've tried in the city. Also, love that you can self-garnish the toppings!
Adobada Tacos!!!!!!!!!!! I tried all four of their tacos but this is their best one and the only one that matters.  They were all good but adobada made the biggest impact.  I'd rather get three adobadas than getting a variety.   The adobada is a marinated rotisserie pork with pineapple (similar to al pastor) on a handmade corn tortilla.  It's so thinly sliced, juicy, a little fatty, sexy, buttery and tasty. You can get the either the taco for $3 or the quesadilla (a bigger taco with cheese) for $4, both are amazing.   Wash it down with some horchata or Mexican coca cola and your day just got better. The line moves quick and the staff is super chill and friendly.   No seats or tables.  Minimal communal counter space.  Eat standing or you can walk around the chelsea market and find a bench to sit and eat.
I liked them and all, but they are tiny. The quesadillas also - hard to tell the quesadillas from the tacos, they're about as big as an iphone. Bursting with flavor and delicious, fresh and a Must-do. But don't expect a regular size taco to come out.
Summary:  Well flavored meat and fresh ingredients.  Lines can  long. A little too "trendy" to be truly 5 star, but not bad for the area.  Use waiting time to decide on salsa preference. Atmosphere:  Clean. It's Chelsea Market. Service:  The line moves quickly, but I got to admit.  For 3 tacos, it took longer than expected. The food: As my fellow yelper Wahed mentioned, the carne asada is really the way to go.  You'l want to try the salsas.  The adoba's is pretty good as a second choice.  I would skip the chicken. I was disappointed only because my expectations were high.  I think it's more the location of this place rather than the "awesomeness" of the food.  For $3 in chelsea, it's a worth the try. Helpful hints: Hybird NYC next door has a little Hybird box with two thighs and a bisquit.  Check out my review.  You can do a two-fer if you try this place.  ALSO, there tends to be less hype surrounding  Hybird, so that little yummy purchase may buy you access to standing bar area.
absolutely the best chicken tacos in NYC! adobada was just okay.  carne asada was pretty delicious as well. another must try when in the big apple. what the rest of the five star reviewers say, are all true =)
Authentic, accessible and delicious tacos are finally making a scene in NY and the latest is Los Tacos No. 1!  These tacos rate a 5+ star rating, because they are, well damn amazing. The location is is the midst of Chelsea market and shares a space with a spice shop and some fried chicken (which is now closed).  Los Tacos was the only one with a line, quite a long line honestly.  Don't get me wrong, waiting on the line is totally worth it.  Get up to the register and place your order.  You'll also see 3 large jugs filled with aguas frescas including hibiscus (delightful) and tamarind.  Pay your tab and get your ticket, but remain on line.  Move down the counter and the guys preparing your food will take your ticket in order to create your order.  The counter is also aligned with lime wedges and salsas that you can use for your tacos, however I don't think you need any of that. The tacos are outstanding.  You see the tortillas being pressed, the meats being cooked all in front of you, talk about fresh.  Get the tacos with everything; which includes, chopped onions, cilantro and a green sauce.  You also have a choice of either corn or flour tortillas.  The corn tortillas are a work of art.  They are chewy and delicate, but at the same time hold everything together.  Both the carne asada and adobada tacos were melt in your mouth good and bursting with flavor.  The pollo quesadilla was the same size as the taco, but with melted cheese, it was heavenly. These really are the absolute top of my 'best of taco' list and I'll bet they'll be yours too.
Hands down best corn tortillas in New York.  These bad boys are made fresh upon ordering right in front of you from a giant mountain of masa dough.  They're hot, blistery and chewy and make all the difference in the world.  Light years better than your typical corn tortilla.  Oh man, it just sucks that you have to navigate through this annoying tourist market to get there, but its worth it.  I even took an order of piping hot fresh chewy corn tortillas to go at like 60cents each.   Oh man so damn good.
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) Fantastic morsels of awesome! 2) Simple, delicious, affordable and quick 3) $3-$4/soft taco for the quality of food is outstanding 5) In Chelsea Market you'll easily spend $25+ per meal, whereas you can get fresh guacamole, grilled meats and flour/corn tacos! MMM 6) Great service (pleasant staff) Cons: 1) The cooler looks a bit iffy...rusted edges with a vat of water holding some bottles of soda (opt for the fridge that they have instead of the cooler) 2) Can get quite busy/packed by meal time 3) No seating
The mulas, basically stuffed quesadillas, are amazing. Guacamole is very good as are the clearly homemade chips. The tacos are decent but in my resurgence not the star of the show, despite the name of the place.
Excellent! I had the pollo and adobda tacos.. Very tasty and fresh..   I found out after I was almost done that they give you free grilled jalapeños, green onions and beans on request only... So there you have it- make sure to request them goodies .. Would deff be back to try some more stuff.
Great location, simple menu, fresh ingredients. A winning combination but things aren't quite perfect (avoid the mushy cactus). The Adobada is not to be missed! Also love all the hot sauces and salsas. Major opportunity to improve the "to go" service.
Juicy, fresh, tender, and well-flavored meat. What more can you ask for? I was so tired of an Austin friend complaining about the absence of good tacos in the city, so I took him here, and he conceded that this comes close. High praise indeed. Food: good heaping of fresh delicious meats on top of a choice of wheat or corn tortilla. It's messy eating - each bite gushes forth with juice and flavor. What I like best is that Los Tacos lets the inherent taste of the meat shine forth - no heavyhanded salt or seasoning to overpower the meats. I tried the Nopal, the grilled cactus, and I gotta say it tasted like weird edible rubber. Don't do it unless you can't eat anything else on the menu. Note to self, I don't like horchata, the rice milk. Atmosphere: eat standing up at the bar, or find a table outside in the market. Not much seating in the immediate area. Right next to Mokbar, and Spanish and Korean music make for an interesting aural experience. Service: Take-out, and self-serve condiments at the bar...although the idea of other people chewing and eating around it makes me nervous.
Fantastic...just try the special quesadilla,its fried,but to perfection. The meat in it is delicious,the cheese melts in your mouth. Worth a trip
Another gem on my food tour of NYC! Being the most touristy of tourists, we stumbled into the Chelsea Market on day 3 of our trip. Once I saw the line at that small taco stand, it seemed like it had to be the right choice. After a short wait, we had three tacos with all the fixings - one pork, one chicken, one steak. At $3-$3.50 each, they were definitely a great value. We also enjoyed one of the Aquas Frescas, which I haven't had since my last trip to Albuquerque! These were definitely some of the best tacos, and definitely the best corn tortillas I have ever had. Next time (I hope there is a next time!) I need to try the guacamole - it looked fantastic! This is definitely a must try in NYC!
Omg so delicious I'm still dreaming about going back.  Only had one chicken and one steak taco on flour tortilla, can't wait to try rest of menu.  Completely flavorful and fresh ingredients.  Definitely best tacos I've ever had, what a gem of a place.  Hope they stay open for years and years to come.
Truly worth the trip to chelsea market for these wonderful flavorful tacos!! The staff is amazing! The place has no seating at all! You just have to grab your tacos, grab a place by the counter and enjoy these pieces of heaven!
Awesome
Definitely authentic, hand made tortillas and fresh salsas. Great carne asada tacos and quesadilla de nopal. The salsa had great flavor, extremely spicy but mouth watering good. Line is usually long but moves fast absolutely worth it. Try the aguas frescas I love Jaimaica and Horchata and they also help ease the spice from the salsa. Order Corn tortillas that's the way to go both for tacos and quesadillas, flour takes away from the flavors.
Amazing taco place in Chelsea Market! We ordered beef, chicken and pork tacos, the jamaica drink and guacamole and chips. The tacos all had amazing flavor, my bf and I thought the beef was the best. The guac was okay, I personally think I may better guac so I would skip on that here. The jamaica was okay too, I've had better but the tacos, amazing.
These really are the No. 1 tacos in NYC. Right in the middle of Chelsea Market, too, who would have thought! Although the constant line leading to the register may seem daunting, the kitchen is a well-oiled machine and turnover is surprisingly fast. I really like that you bring your order ticket to the kitchen counter yourself, and the chef that takes your ticket then asks how you like your tacos prepared. Say "everything" if you want all the standard toppings. Actually, just say "everything." The bf and I stopped by to try a few of their tacos, including the carne asada and adobada. The adobada is very much like al pastor, roasted slowly on a spit almost like schawarma. They actually stick a large pineapple atop the huge hunk of pork, so that the sweet juices flow down slowly to infuse all its flavor on the pork and creates a beautiful lacquer. The adobada actually reminds me of the al pastor from Leo's Taco Truck in LA - which is a very good thing. The corn tortillas (and you should always get corn, although they do offer flour) were amazing as well, perfectly pliable, toothsome and incredibly fresh. The filling to tortilla ration was spot-on, making for perfect flavor and textural proportions with every bite. The bf also enjoyed the carne asada taco immensely, commenting that they're probably among the best tacos he's ever had. Mind you he is from San Diego. So there you go, my West Coasters - finally a place where you can indulge in all your taco cravings. Never can we whine again about shitty Mexican in the city.
best tacos in ny
Wow. I finally found a great taco place in NYC (I'm from California). The menu is simple and straightforward with a very limited number of choices. The tacos are made from fresh ingredients and bursting with flavor and umami. The pork/adobado taco was my favorite. The guys behind the counter are also super nice! My first time there I was scoping out the various food counters and one of them told me try a taco on the house. Great marketing. haha. I've been back multiple times since then! I love the fact that they have fresh limes there, too! Just a food counter in Chelsea market with a raised counter on the side for you to eat at. Or you can take your food to go and eat it on the Highline!
The best tacos I've had in NYC in the 10 years I've been out here. I love the mula option and can't wait to come back when starving so I can gorge myself on the entire menu.
Delish! Dropped in while at Chelsea Market with the hopes of finding something to hold me over until I got home - got the carne asada corn taco. Made fresh in front of you with tortillas fresh off the grill. Needless to say I went for one then had to get back in line for a second. Some of the best tacos on this side of the country.
If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.  Best quesadillas I've had in the city.  Very juicy and flavorful.  Price is amazing no matter how much you eat.  U will definitely be going there again and recommending it to my friends!!
Yes.  It is as good as everyone and their mother is saying.  Go with the Adobada with the works -transcendant.  The carne asada was also fairly delicious.  The chicken was somewhat flavorless, and the cactus was not their best option for a veggie filling, even if it is authentic and different (think firm but mucusy...yeah).  The cactus (Nopal) could have used more marinade or spices to make it interesting. Also, they have Coke and Fanta products in old school glass bottles, but, I don't believe they are truly the foreign blend.  The orange Fanta didnt quite evoke the streets of Villarica or the hills of Odessa I was expecting. I live a few blocks away and shop at manhattan fruit exchange all the time so yeah.  I will definitely be back for more Adobada!
Best taco I have ever had in NYC. Could not love it more. Literally go here right now.
Wow, these tacos really are No. 1. They're also Los, too. You must try these, especially if you are one of those that always complains about how there is no good Mexican food in New York. These tacos are seriously delicious. There will be a line - but just wait. You will be tempted to take a step to the left to try Hybird, since you've probably read some of the inexplicable good press for it, and since there is nobody on line and there is a much shorter wait. But instead of throwing away $2 on a drumstick, spend $3 here for one of the best tacos you'll ever taste. That will get you the Adobada Taco, which has some of the juiciest, most tasty marinated pork you could ever hope for. You should also get the Carne Asada ($3.50), which has some equally delicious grilled steak and some super flavorful sauce slathered on top. You also get to choose either a corn or flour tortilla for the taco. I tried one of each and they were both delicious. I could have easily eaten ten more of these tacos in a row. Two of them are satisfying, but just not enough because they are so good they leave you wanting so many more. This is definitely one of the top choices now for a great quick bite in the already crowded and excellent Chelsea Market.
Hands down AWESOME tacos!!!!!! Authentic REAL MEXICAN! Deeeeeelicious! Brought me back to T.J. :-) Best corn tortillas I have ever had. Carne asada perfectly cooked- not well done/ not chewy.
After two successful visits to Los Tacos No. 1, it's time to vouch for how amazing and delicious their food is. The Adobado is downright special - amazing pork with some sweet and delicious marinade sauce that balances out the little bit of kick you can add at the salsa bar. Also I'm a big fan of the chicken -- it's juicier than at most comparable taco spots with a great grilled flavor to it. The guacamole is legit as well. The corn tortillas are remarkably good, both in terms of flavor and their ability to not fall apart holding generous servings of meat. And despite Chelsea Market being a little bit crazy around lunchtime and weekends, if the weather is nice it's easy enough to walk a half block further down 15th street to the little park between the Highline and the river. Otherwise, cozy up to the counter and after one bite you will know it won't be long until you're looking down at an empty plate and taco wrappers.   The nopal and steak are also good but aren't quite up to the same level as the pork and chicken in my mind, but find a friend (or come with an appetite), order one of everything, and enjoy!
The condiments are all fresh and delicious. I had the pork and chicken tacos both were delicious but I liked the pork slightly better because of the flavor
The tacos are a good size and I tried the marinated pork and steak. The pork is juicy and is one of the better tasting pork ones I've had in the city.  The steak was a little bit on the dry side and didn't have much beef flavor though. The condiment bar and lime wedges they give you are a nice touch and add a needed kick to the tacos. It's a decent place for a snack if you hit it at the right time and don't have to wait in a line 20 deep.
This is possibly the best taco that will ever pass your lips.  This is a tribute to the idea of doing one simple thing absolutely right and not mucking it up with anything more complicated than great products and great care in cooking.  The tortillas are fresh made and tender and delicious, the meats are absolutely delicious, the salsas are fresh and flavorful.  Go ahead and order three because if you don't you will be back on line ordering another one before you even manage to finish your first.  This is one of the absolute gems of the Chelsea Market - don't pass them by!
Love the tacos really good fresh ingredients hundred percent the way taco should be, my new favorite spot!
These tacos are awesome and the price is great. I went here a few months back with my bf and we craved them immediately afterwards. I have been back a few times and word is definitely out about this place. I have tried all the tacos and like them all. You can do your own toppings too. They have great drinks - horchata, tamarindo and different sodas. Green apple!
These are truly some of the best tacos & quesadillas I've had- they make your quesadilla in front of you and you choose the salsa. plus horchata, Jamaica & tamarindo agua frescas. Go here, eat plenty- you won't regret it.
Seriously the best taco you will ever eat.  I ordered the pork taco based on other reviews. It was perfectly spicy with a good amount of cilantro (my favorite). Affordable, fresh and delicious.
Pretty freakin good tacos and setup. Very nice crew working hard,& a Nice place to stop for a bite in the Chelsea market. Go chill with your food on the highline.
Best tacos I've had in NYC. Order the Adobada and change your life. Don't be an idiot, order on corn tortillas- they are amazing.
Adobada! yes please! give me 3! So happy I finally found a great taco place in Nyc. The tacos are soooo tasty, full of flavor, and just delicious! Make sure to get the Adobada on corn tortilla... the cactus taco was ok but definitely prefer meat.
We initially came to Chelsea Market for something else. But ended up here. And we totally did not regret that decision! I was unfamiliar with this spot and the name is not obvious. But it had a massive line. So of course long line = good food. I got a pork taco and my husband got the grilled cactus taco in addition to the hibiscus drink. We loved the condiment bar available. Of course my husband loaded his taco down with peppers and other yummy stuff. The tacos were probably the best we've had anywhere and the drink was muy delicioso! We walked around Chelsea Market some more and grabbed a cookie. While we're waiting in line for the cookie, my husband says to me, "I think I want another taco!" So he leaves me to go get two more tacos. So don't get just one. The only thing I regretted was not getting two tacos myself. Don't pass up on this place! It's worth waiting in line for. The guys behind the counter are super nice and helpful. We will definitely come back on our annual visit to Chelsea Market!
Amazing tacos. Don't let the size fool you. They might look small but damn, they are just packing with flavor!!! Savory meat with that melted cheese on a soft taco shell topped with errythang! For the decent price you pay, you get a smack of flavor with satisfaction in your bellay! Get the nopal with meat on a plate. With EVERYTHING. DO IT. Or else you're missing out. You have been warned ;)
My best tacos since having them in Mexico! Really tasty tacos con carne and a refreshing Jamaica! Unfortunately no seats available.
The longer I live in NYC, the more comfortable (not by my own volition, necessarily) I have become with the fact that little "street" tacos seem way overpriced to me. The way some people say the chicken at Hybird across the kisok from Los Tacos No. 1 is overpriced (in ways I don't quite understand; I think it is pretty fairly priced), I'm thinking to myself: "$3.50 for a flimsy corn tortilla that's going to break under the weight of too much juicy chicken pieces while getting all over my hands and clothes?!" At least the fried chicken doesn't completely fall apart in my hands after one bite. Ahhh, screw it. It all tasted good. Ha! The options are plentiful enough. One can get tacos with chicken, beef, or even cactus. Same goes with quesadillas. The chips and gauc are very reasonably priced. (Only $3 for a good amount!) I ended up getting the pollo asado taco; it was made fresh to order, and my server was quite happy with me when I said, "Yeah, you can put everything on it." What I love are the bowls full of extra ingredients for further customization / contentment. An extra spoonful of salsa fresca on the side and a wedge of lime, and I was good to go! It was flavorful, indeed. My favorite part was the avocado cream drizzled on top. Such a velvety compliment to the strong flavor of the chicken. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other options; nopal (cactus) sounds too interesting to pass up! The founders certainly succeeded in bringing some of that Cali / Mexican simple flavor into NYC!
Best tacos I've ever had...and that's coming from someone who grew up in Southern California. Everything was delicious, but my favorite is the especial with asada...it's out of this world good! I took some co-workers here one night after work (all the way from 57th St.!) and they insisted we take a cab the next day at lunch to get more. I was tempted to give only one star in hopes to keep the line shorter, but it's well worth the wait.
The Secret of Los Tacos Numero Uno is that your tacos or quesadillas are made from fresh, raw ingredients to finished perfection in a matter of minutes. They make your tortillas fresh, by hand, to order (choice of corn or flour). After ordering at the cash register, they yell to the cooks how many tortillas to prepare. You then take your receipt to the person who prepares your order to your liking. Don't want onion? No problem, he or she puts everything together right in front of you. This place is truly deserving of a full 5 yelp stars. Bonus points for: novelty bottled sodas, reasonable prices, whole chipotle peppers in the garnish bar.
Best tacos in New York City period
nom nom. carne asada on a corn tortilla is very good, but skip that and just go for the chicken. that thing is BOMB. i like how you can help yourself to the fixings (radish, pico de gallo, etc) there isn't that much room at the counter to eat, but you're close to the highline and also chelsea market has a lot of seating options available. i can't wait to go back.
Great tacos.  Was instantly drawn in by the shawarma spit that they were using for their pork and...right next to the spit, I noticed a big pile of corn meal/dough that was being used to make their tortillas on site!  I only tried the adobada (al pastor) taco and it was excellent as well as relatively inexpensive by manhattan standards ($3).  The tortilla was small even by street taco standards but the taco came overstuffed and was still nice and filling.  The taco was delicious and had a great savory and spicy flavor.  The only downside was a bit of mango that came on the taco which just isn't really my thing. Definitely give the place a try if you're in or around Chelsea Market.
Really good tacos.  Make sure you get the corn tortillas. Homemade corn tortillas? Seriously? can you get better than homemade?!  I had one chicken and one steak.  The downside- no seating. It's located in Chelsea market so what can you expect, I know, but still it's hard to hold onto your tiny plate and a glass coke and eat.  Definitely worth a visit.  I'm Mexican-- this is authentic.
Excellent Mexican tacos and original fresh fruit drinks, we all got the tasting of fresh handmade corn and flour tortillas and enjoy every bite of tacos with very  tasty and fresh salsas. I can't wait to go back for more quesadillas and tacos with the spacy habanero salsa....ffff...,mmm..."You must test them"
Not sure why everyone goes crazy for this place. Decent tacos, but nothing special. I've had great Mexican fare in Arizona and this place doesn't even come close to the average taco shop in the Phoenix area.
Very good! Al pastor taco is better than anything I had in LA.
Could it be that there's actually good Mexican food in NYC?  I mean, you can get the best of nearly every world cuisine in this city, but my experience with Mexican food has been more miss than hit.  But, Los Tacos nails the street taco experience by churning out almost perfect 2-3 bite pockets of Mexican delight.  Everything is super fresh, the tacos are properly dressed and the flavors bright. Oh, and the prices are very un-NYC.  For what you'd spend for a meal in Chelsea Market for one could feed 3 or more at Los Tacos.
I finally had a chance to check this spot out and it was great.  The tacos are delish, especially the pork tacos.  It's pretty inexpensive as well. There are no seats, but plenty of counters pace to stand and eat
This place is located inside Chelsea Markets. I stopped by one evening with a friend and ordered: Carne Asada, Pollo Asado, Adobada, and guacamole. My friend and I thought everything was just okay. A bit disappointing as I was expecting my mind to be blown.
This place is wonderful. I can't speak to whether it's authentic -- haven't been to Mexico or even the border -- but I admire the polite refusal to supply sour cream. I assume that would be inauthentic. All I know is that the tacos are fantastic, very flavorful with complex spicing (meat and salsas) and a bargain. WIll try the cactus taco next time.
Was intrigued by all the hype and people saying it's "the best they've ever had." I've been to so many taco joints over the years that it would be hard to recall which is the very best, but that said, just off the top of my head I can safely propel Los Tacos into my top two or three. Easily. The absolute key here is the homemade corn tortillas. You get a choice between flour or corn, both of which are amazing, but I stick to corn. Before you even take a bite, as you lift the taco to your mouth you can smell the freshness of the corn in the tortilla. Amazing. Pork, chicken and cactus tacos were all fantastic. Pork was my fav, ever so slightly better than the others. It's nice that you can see the person making your taco and can tell him/her exactly what you want and don't want in it. Los Tacos lives up to the hype!
i think i just might buy lunch here everyday. their chicken tacos on corn tortilla = amazing!!!
Some of the best tacos in New York. Only downsides are the long lines and lack of seating
INCREDIBLE!  Such great tacos!  I'm so happy this taco shop is open in New York, where it can be difficult to find Mexican food.  The Adobada (or known in Mexico City as "tacos al pastor") tacos were so flavorful, and the Carne Asada tacos nearly melted in my mouth, with the most tender, tasty beef!  There was so much meat in each taco, too!  Great value for the price!  Usually I want something sweet after eating something like a taco, but these tacos left me wanting nothing else.  The ingredients are high quality and so fresh!  We will return again and again!  Thanks for the experience!  Love, love, love!!!
Wow.  If you see a line, even though there are a ton of other places to eat at Chelsea Market, wait.  The line isn't THAT slow, and the tacos are worth it.  I ordered 4 tacos, 2 for me, and two for my mom who happened to be with me at the time.  Two chicken, one steak, one pork.  The chicken was surprisingly not the best, the steak (almost like a skirt steak), was, absolutely, incredible. The taste of all the tacos were fantastic, large portion in the small taco shell.  You wait in line, order, then give your ticket to one of the 'cooks' who'll put your order together, and if you don't want something in it, tell them, or tell them you want everything, come on, we know that's what it's all about.  The hot sauce can be hot, I enjoy that though, so it was not an issue.   At the market, and unsure what to eat, go here.
The best tortilla I've had in Manhattan so far! Flavorful and juicy meat in the Tacos! Yum!
Best taco I have ever had. Grilled chicken or steak they both are amazing.
Easily the best tacos in NYC. I tried the pork tacos and the flavor was truly exceptional. They are small, but so is the price (about $3) so order a couple and get some chips and guacamole and you will not be disappointed.
The list of good taco places is growing in New York City! This one in my opinion is the best! The soft corn tortillas make the tacos better than the rest... they're different from anything anyone else is using in the city... I have been to Mexico 4 times and these are better than most that I have had there!
I grew up in LA and this is the first place in NYC that actually reminds me of the taco stands back home. The adobada tacos are slightly spicy and DELICIOUS. The steak tacos were also quite good. You get the perfect dab of guacamole on top of the typical toppings of onions and cilantro. Freshly made corn tortillas. I really couldn't ask for more.
This tiny taco hits you with a might bite in flavor. After getting a food coma from the Swiss Roll from Empire Bakery, I needed something salty to stabilize my blood sugar levels but was too full to eat a lot. Lo and behold, a taco place with a limited menu that actually has a vegetarian option! You place your order at the right side of the counter, pay, present your receipt to one of the friendly cooks on the left side, pick corn or wheat tortilla and it's cooked up before your hungry eyes. The nopal had square chunks, tasted as if somehow they managed to get fresh nopal and not the overly salted and vinegared nopal from the cans. The cilantro, onions and guacamole on top made it tasty and the salsa, tomatillo sauce, and pepper sauce you can load up on from the filled earthen bowls before you made it even tastier. I'd come back for the nopal taco here anytime.
Just had one of the better tacos I have ever eaten.  I will be back.
We went last Saturday in the early evening, the wait wasn't very long. I had a steak taco and shared a pork taco; both were very tasty. L had a chicken taco, his nephew had a pork taco and a chicken quesadilla. The ingredients are so fresh, I normally don't like tacos because the corn tortilla tends to be dry and bland. These corn tortillas are made fresh; you can definitely smell and taste the difference. The quality of the meats were excellent. They're so flavorful on their own but they have 3 other sauces/salsas on the counter. All of them were great, maybe one (habanero) was slightly too spicy for me. These are really the best tacos I've ever had! We would've ordered more food, but it was just a lil snack before dinner. Everyone was ordering their Hibiscus aguas frescos, but I prefer the Tamarind one. They do give samples, if you're undecided.
I stopped at Los Tacos No 1 by accident while wandering through Chelsea Market, and was tempted to get the adobada taco (marinated pork) when someone else was eating one & raving about it nearby. I was not disappointed - that taco was amazing. I had it with everything on it, which meant cilantro, onions, salsa, guacamole and a slice of grilled pineapple, and I can't recommend it enough. I will definitely be back!
Started to coming to Los Tacos last summer, not long after it opened. It is so delicious. I come here at least once a week now. Everything is so fresh, ingredients aren't too complicated so you can really taste everything. The corn tortillas are freshly made and delicious. I like to stick with the chicken quesadilla on corn. Many topping choices to choose from, but don't go overboard, let the meat and tortillas shine! Tip: be sure to assert yourself when you hand the taco maker your receipt. if you just stand there, you won't get your tacos.
Wandering through Chelsea Market -- found Los Tacos guys still setting up and they asked us to come back in 15 minutes. So glad we did. The tacos are not big -- you'll need at least a couple for a meal -- but the prices are reasonable and well worth it. Handmade tortillas being made in front of you, fresh grilled meats, yummy toppings. We had a carne asada tortilla, a pollo asado tortilla and an adobada (roast pork) quesadilla. New favorite stop in Chelsea!
I ordered 2 steak quesadillas ($4.50) and both beef and chicken tacos ($4.00). The servings sre small yetvstuffed making the price an ok value. Taste was good (I have personally had better), rather stingy with the cheese for the quesadilla, and the tortillas are more hearty and thick than I normally have come across which is definitely a plus as this makes the small serving size more filling. It is good for a quick bite of fresh Mexican  cuisine.
Ate here for the first time today and had the Carne Asada and Pollo Asado tacos. These tacos are super authentic!  I was transported straight back to Mexico with that first bite. Super fresh, handmade tortillas and made to order just the way you like it. Definitely my new fave spot in Chelsea Market.
Always spot-on, this is my go-to taco place in the city. I usually go for two tacos and a quesadilla. Tender, juicy meat; warm, soft corn tortilla; spicy, soul-renewing dried pepper (optional). I'd especially recommend the adobada. Eat at the counter if there's space, or try to find a table in the Market. Enjoy!
Was very impressed. I have spent a lot of time in Mexico City & these tacos truly compared. 100% authentic. Greta value also considering this place is located in the touristy Chelsea Market. Will return with my Mexican friends who are craving the flavors of home!
I've lived in south Brooklyn for many years & have tried just about every legit taco place. Los Tacos 1 is the real deal! Usually a long line but definitely worth it.
The especial is so serious! Reminds me of the food in Mexico. Very flavorful and great pricing! Just wish there were more locations. I gladly take a small detour to visit when I'm not already in the area.
The reviews are on point. These are the best tacos I've had since Texas. The thing that makes it superb for me is the spicy chili paste...be careful. All of the ingredients are fresh and extremely tasty. California Baja has nothing on NYC.
delicious tacos, fresh salsa - what else is there?
Get ready to be converted.  After eating here, you will judge all tacos against the tacos you have here. Eating here was serendipity.  Wandering the Chelsea Market, I was trying to figure out what and where to eat.  I did not think a taco joint in this place could be such a standout.  Usually high traffic places have average food joints. I am a taco junkie.  And while I will eat an average taco when there aren't any excellent options for food, I do recognize a good or great taco when I have one. This is the most interesting taco place I have found yet.  Had the carne, chicken and pork (adobado).  Each one was excellent and well assembled.  When I started eating the adobado taco, lighting struck me, and I realized I found my new best taco joint. The carne was good meat quality, grilled well, and was very delicious.  Chicken was just as excellent.  It was juicy and flavorful - not the standard dry and cardboard like "chicken" that most places serve.  The adobado was astounding - SO much flavor.  This was a really beautiful taco and my favorite. The taco tortillas here are made fresh - you see them getting pressed and then grilled.  Flour tortillas are made with lard.  It was the best flour tortilla I've had and will be hard to top this in any other restaurant.  I also tried the corn tortilla and was very impressed with that as well.  I like both. Eating here is very casual and mostly standing at a counter.  Not really a date place, but perfect if you're in the area and need a satisfying meal. If you can tell what a good taco tastes like, then you need to get your butt to this place right now.  I can't wait to come back here.
My fav tacos on the eastern seaboard. The fried quesadilla is also amazing. And definitely get the adobado
This place is relatively new to Chelsea Market, but they make a mean taco - easily one of the best ones I've had in NYC (if not the best). The menu's pretty simple - you can choose from tacos, tostadas, or quesadillas, with the variation of the main filling being what you choose. As we had just eaten at Cull & Pistol, we weren't that hungry - but we decided to grab two tacos (pollo and carne asada) anyways. These are pretty small and wrapped up almost how a crepe would be served to you, so be careful of any greasy goodness dripping out. Both meats were very tender and flavorful, and the combination of salsas and fresh ingredients really brings the food to life. The tortillas are small, but these are tortillas done just right - moist and chewy, not dried out and tough to bite into. There's not really any seating, just some standing area along the windows in the back - but there's not really much seating to begin with in Chelsea Market outside of the sit-down restaurants, so it's not something I'd worry much about. For the quality, the price is more than adequate. It may not be as big a taco as you get at Taco Bell, but you'll come away way more satisfied.
Amazingly good tacos (super fresh ingredients, piled high on tasty corn or flour tortillas), sublime aguas frescos (jamaica, horchata and tamarindo), great, speedy service. This will become a regular destination. I highly recommend the chicken, pork, and nopale tacos. Sooooo good.
If you want Mexican tacos, this is the place! I never thought I would find such perfect tacos inside Chelsea Market. The whole "taco street stand" concept is great, it's like an authentic taco joint from Mexico City. Steak, pastor, everything is delicious and portions are big enough (three tacos will be a perfect lunch). This place is a must if you feel nostalgic and you are in the need for real tacos!
New fav mexican in nyc! Chicken taco and quesedilla were awesome! Be warned, quesedilla means openfaced quesedilla or more like taco w melted cheese but nevertheless it was delish. Everything comes w guac, onions, and cilantro and you can add their pico or sauces at the counter. Food was ready fast too. Only downside is lack of seating area in the market.
AMAZING!!! Was visiting from out of town and unfortunately was still full from breakfast. Still managed to eat the pork tacos. Definitely a must when in NY
This place feels like home (I am Mexican). The tacos are incredibly awesome and at reasonable price. The taqueros are friendly and the atmosphere is great. I highly recommend this place to everyone.
No doubt about it: this place is a winner.  The corn tortillas are home made--and they taste it--and the high-quality cheese is melted onto them.  Add to that their absolutely delicious adobada (marinated pork) and freshly made pico de gallo, and you have the taco of your dreams.  They remind me of the best tacos from San Francisco's Mission district or LA's taco trucks; greater praise than that I cannot muster.
Im not crazy about Mexican food. But I heard about Los Tacos from my co-workers and they said it was awesome. They said the line at lunch was long. So I played it smart and went in the evening time, there was no line. I ordered a couple quesadilla specials and some chips and guacamole. Two of those specials will have you stuffed. It was really really good. Cant wait to try there other items.
I just returned from a trip to New York with my daughter and cousin and I had to try Los Tacos No.1. We traveled from California and that was the first place we went after checking into our hotel. We loved the food!!! They gave all 3 of us an extra taco each. The adobo taco was just like I'd had in Ensenada Mexico. The special quesadillas are just like from the Imperial Valley California the only other place I've ever been able to get one like that. These boys know how to make tacos for sure. Everyone was super friendly also. I recommend this place to everyone looking for a great taco! You wont be sorry, and I know good Mexican food coming from California.
best tacos ever. everything is made from scratch and fresh
One of my favorite spots for lunch.  I get corn quesadillas, sometimes two sometimes three.  Pork and steak are very good, while chicken is tastier than any other chicken quesadilla that I've had. Unfortunately they don't have designated sitting space, so you'll have to run around to find something on your own.
This is probably the best veggie taco you are going to get in this city.  Except this one taco truck I found on a drunken night that seems to have been a mirage.  Oh how I miss west coast Mexican food. Nopal (cactus) taco with corn tortilla for $2.50 -- great deal for a great taco.  Or you can get a quesadilla will be the same with melted cheese.  They really load on a ton of cactus.  Love their salsa bar, so I can load up on pico, radishes, salsa, peppers and lime.   Line can be long and intimidating, but it moves fast.
Ever since Los Tacos opened, the line has been insanely long during lunch. I finally dropped by after work and there was no line, hooray! Best tacos I've ever eaten! The guy making them recommended I eat them right there when I asked if I could get it to go. I know I should, but I work nearby so I can always do that, and opted to take it home to eat (they will wrap it in foil for you to keep it warm). There are also condiments and garnishes on the counter for you to add to your food, consisting of various sauces, grilled jalapenos, grilled green onions, limes, and radishes. Got 3 different tacos - the carne asado (grilled steak), pollo asado (grilled chicken), and the nopal (cactus) - all "con todo," which means "with everything," for the sake of easy ordering. In this case, everything meant avocado/guac sauce, cilantro, onions, and salsa/tomatoes. The great thing was when I got home, the tacos were still very tasty, beautifully seasoned, juicy and warm. The tortilla was fluffy and not chewy, definitely handmade. You could taste the authenticity of the food. I wished I had ordered 2 more. I went crazy trying all the sauces (salsa verde, salsa roja, habanero peanut, and pico de gallo aka salsa fresca) by itself and with the tacos. Faves are the green and habanero. The tacos are on the small side and costs $2.50-$4.50, but seriously, best tacos ever and they're filled to the brim so you get a pretty fat taco, sooo worth it. 3 tacos didn't fill me up, but I wasn't starving either. Can't wait to come back for the other stuff!
Wow!!! Absolute delicious tacos!  I had the carnitas... So yummy! They are a little too spendy for street tacos.I wouldn't choose to come here if I were really hungry. But if you are looking for a quick bite packed full of flavor this is your stop.
Quesadillas were somewhat small, but oh the taste... Skip the usual Coke and try one of the local beverages.
Great Mexican food! Tacos are awesome - fast and ready to go! It lost a star because their is no seating - try the Horchata!
The tacos are so authentic I forget I'm in NYC and revel in being South of the border on vacation .  I usually get chicken tacos with their home made medium salsa but the quesadillas are equally sublime.
A fan. Small place that sells only tacos. They know what you are doing. No seating place but you can do take out and find a place in the market or outside to sit. Or stand the finish your tacos with the salsa and hot sauces.
Friendly staffers. Pork taco was the best of the bunch. Wish chelsea mkt had more room to sit and public bathrooms.
Great shop fit out, really works to recreate the cantina vibe you'd find in Mexico. Tried grilled cactus for the first time, it has a soggy & gooey texture and goes nicely with the spices they have there. It was interesting but not sure I'd have it again.
Recently I've been obsessed with tacos. While traveling to NYC earlier this week, I decided to try this spot based on reviews and I am do happy I did! My boyfriend and I shared three pollo asada tacos (mine on corn tortilla, his on flower). They were very flavorful and not over stuffed with toppings. Watch out for the salsas , they're spicy !!!
Very good tacos for fairly cheap. I ordered three tacos--the pork, the beef, and the cactus, along with some horchata. The pork and the beef were the better of the three; I didn't really find the cactus all that tasty. The tortillas were probably the highlight of the meal, although all the ingredients were fresh and well prepared. The horchata was decent but a tad pricey. One of my favorite tacos in town, although a tad on the small end; you'll need at least two to make a whole meal.
