Haven't had anything but the chicken sandwich (more like biscuit) and that is good enough for me. Best chicken sandwich ever. They don't have too many beers on tap, but their pale ale with the sandwich is amazing. Ginger ale is real ginger ale, not like the commercial stuff like Canada Dry. Their beignets ("ben-yays") are also serve as awesome dessert. Despite all this, I would give it a 4.5 because of the location.
I had high expectations for Cheeky Sandwiches after reading the reviews about the chicken sandwich, so my friend and I made the trek from Columbia down to Chinatown for it. Unfortunately, I was totally underwhelmed. Born and raised in Houston, I was craving a good chicken biscuit. The one I was served was completely overpowered by the sour red cabbage slaw. After a few small bites, I just scraped all of it off and gave the sandwich another chance. The chicken and biscuits were still bland, and I was not satisfied. It definitely wasn't with the $6.50 I paid for it. I wanted Cheeky Sandwiches to live up to the hype, but it didn't. Chick-fil-a's spicy chicken biscuit blows this one out of the water, so I'll just stick to my chicken biscuits back home.
Awesome awesome awesome. Stumbled here on my way to the municipal parking lot.. Whipped out my trusty iphone app and was in the mood for a sandwich. Once I walked in was greeted by I believe his name was "Din" and he was very welcoming and right off the bat gave us some suggestions. We tried the veggie, shrimp po boy and the chicken biscuit. All sandwiches were very good but the chicken biscuit was as good as it gets. The gravy on the sandwich as well as the cole slaw complemented the chicken superbly. It was a tastebud explosion!! The poboy was very good as well. I advise you to try the bread pudding as well, ask "Din" to warm it up for ya. We sat down and grabbed some boardgames . He doesnt rush you and you can sit right by the window and enjoy the lower east side. Truly a hidden gem and will be visiting again real soon. Do yourself a favor and go here!!!
I wasn't blown away. (Shaking my head) I'm sorry, I just wasn't.  I wanted desperately to be.  The guys behind the counter are ultra nice and I love their whole vibe.  I just wasn't overwhelmed with the sandwich. I ordered the 1/2 and 1/2 po'boy.  1/2 shrimp and 1/2 oysters.  I got it fully dressed.  This is where I think I made my mistake.  I didn't realize that "dressed" means they pour on really intense hot sauce.  I just couldn't take it.  I think it might've been really yummy with more seasoning, and less heat. I gave them 3 stars instead of 2 because the guys are sweet and I'm looking to give them another chance.  Something in my gut tells me that their meaty sandwiches will make me laugh with joy.  We shall see...
Stopped in this whole on the wall last night. Was lucky enough to stumble upon it on yelp. People need to be open minded when walking in, the friend I was with asked me if I was crazy for ordering food I kindly said no and ordered the beef sandwich. The place has an A rating and most of us know to find an a rating around china is a sight for sore eyes. The guy that prepared my food and rang me up was nice, I barely had to wait. Now when I got the sandwich I was kinda skeptical cause it wasn't a large portion, when I was done with it I didn't feel fat, over stuffed, I felt perfectly full and the beef sandwich itself was great. I also got the bread pudding which was amazing. I would rate this a 5 but I'll hold off until I get to try more of their stuff, and I'll definitely be coming back.
AMAZING! So so good. A haven of good food and easy atmosphere. Must go, must eat, and repeat.
Amazing! Do yourself a favor and try the chicken sandwich. I haven't yet tried the others but this one is the bomb. I wasn't sure I'd like it (fried chicken, gravy, Italian style red slaw all on a biscuit) but it was heavenly. It was surprising and delicious. This place is literally a hole in the wall. I'm not sure how popular it is overall but we walked by it the first time. It's very unassuming and almost creepy looking from the outside. The door was busted up and hard to open but as soon as we walked in I liked the place. It's tiny and strange but somehow homey, and the dude behind the counter was SO FRIENDLY. He was smiling the whole time and just very, very nice. What I like most about Cheeky is the fact that there are only 6 sandwiches and a handful of sides and deserts. I'm starting to really like places like this because it almost forces you to try something new. I used to be intimidated by these types of menus but now I embrace them. It makes things easy for you and forces you just go with something. Definitely try the Ben-Yays (cute!) for desert. They're super cheap and very tasty, and you can ask for extra powdered sugar =) When I was here we ordered 3 bags to share and they threw in a 4th for free.
After finding this gem, my boyfriend, who does not like sandwiches, now likes sandwiches. Great customer service.  The gentleman behind the counter was friendly and it was genuine :)
Another hidden find. Tucked away in a narrow alley-street...sorta like Bowery Boys...wait...it is... The Fired Chicken was just right...maybe slaw on the side rather than between the biscuit...but hey, that's a personal one. The Short Rib....perfect balance of meat, sauce and greens. And...the Ginger Tea is a winner and don't ever forget the Beignets...piping hot and sugar dusted! Small but warm.
I live around the block from this place and had never realized it existed until a few days ago. At first I was a bit apprehensive because the ambiance is all hipstered out and usually that means overpriced and not as good as the hype, but I had a wonderful experience here. The young guy working there was incredibly friendly and attentive and the food was AMAZING and filling (I got the fried chicken with biscuit buns). I ran out to the ATM while my boyfriend chatted with the guy working there. When I got back he gave us beignets on the house and just brightened our day. Definitely going back soon. PS. the cream soda we had there was also the bomb.
Awesome food and decor!  This tiny place is easy to walk by if you aren't paying attention, but if you find your way inside it is worth the hunt. The staff is always friendly and the food is amazing.  It made me miss my last visit to New Orleans.  Try the desserts no matter how full you feel.  Worth the delicious calories :)
Thumbs way up. seriously yummy sammys. I'm already planning a return. A small casual joint that looks like a beach shack and friendly faces behind the counter to go with. Chicken Biscuit: tasty. the slaw really makes it. Beef Sandwich: This is the winner for me. Tender braised short rib, arugula, horseradish, cherry tomatoes on Challah. It's gona be hard to pass up ordering this again for the sake of trying the rest of the menu. I'll just have to bring more friends.
This place is awesome! Delicious sandwiches + great staff. For dessert, try the beignets: hot, crispy, melt in mouth... :)
A little south of where I usually go in the LES but totally worth the extra few blocks! The oyster po'boy sandwich was so delicious, with the perfect amount of hot sauce and mayo. Super adorable store and friendly service. YUM!
I first read about the chicken sandwich from this place on an art/culture blog I frequent. The picture of this sandwich was a masterpiece. Beautiful biscuits housing a crispy chicken breast smothered in gravy and cole slaw. I had to make my way down to this spot. Since I live in Washington Heights, this would be no easy trip and not one I was willing to make just for this. So I waited until the next time I ventured to the Lower East Side, which is when I go to Mercury Lounge to buy tickets to concerts. I make the detour down Orchard Street and find a tiny little spot with these tiny blue doors. The place it pretty small, but it seems right for the food. Depending on how many people are on staff when you get there, the guy taking your order may be the one to cook your food. I've been here about 3 or 4 times and every time I go the guys are very friendly and like to chop it up. So this chicken sandwich you might be asking yourself...well it's exactly as it was in the picture I saw. A wonderfully seasoned chicken filet, a nice vinegary cole slaw (I hate cole slaw by the way), tasty buttery biscuits and a gravy that just brings it all together. Paired with a bag of Zapp's chips and a fruity soda and it's a nice lunch. If you're extra friendly with the guys they'll hook you up with a bread pudding or a couple of beignets (as they call em Ben-Yay's). If it's worth the trip for me from upper reaches of the island, than it must be something right?
Yelp reviews were great so went looking for it on New Years Day. lucky to find them open. almost missed it. make sure to look at the photo-- there is no name on the store front . Fantastic pork sandwich. Good hot chicory coffee. Hit the spot on a cold cold day.
Chicken Biscuit. Atmosphere. Location. Cool Dudes.
Saw the hype on yelp so I made my visit from Brooklyn to Cheeky's. It was too Awesome. I had the chicken sandwich which was great. Equally as awesome was the staff; Ricardo, the cashier/greeter/hospitality personnel/cook was great. I vibed with his energy; as did other customers who encountered him at  the shop. The other cooks, Willie and Jerry were awesome as well. The whole culture and feel of the place was great.... I will definitely be back.
Just had my first Cheeky's sandwich (an oyster and shrimp po' boy) several minutes ago, and it was pretty good. The oyster half was scrumptious, as it was flavorful than the shrimp. A nice, light coating of batter went on the shrimp that complemented the seafood rather than hiding it. Also, the potato chips were from Louisiana, and they were the best chips I've ever had! I would say 3 stars for the shrimp side and 4 for the oyster side, but with killer chips (who knew?) I bump the overall score up to a solid 4. Worth traveling for.
Seating: on bar against the wall with not a bench, but 1/3 of a bench. Chicken Biscuit -- Small, unsatisfying, over salted. Good Purple Cabbage. Shrimp po Boy -- the roll could have been much better but the shrimp were good. had higher hopes for this place!
Now this is one place I am well-positioned to review.  I am going to judge it against how it would rate in the town it's trying to represent.  As a note, this review was only based on one visit and one sandwich...the ersta po'boy. 1. The po'boy is small.  Now this is completely understandable because I have never understood how places in the Crescent City make a profit on fried seafood po'boys.  They put about $10 of seafood on a sandwich, dress it up and charge $8(?)  But it is about 1/2 the size of it's comparison with MAYBE 1/2 the number of oysters.  But Hell, the guy's got to make a profit and nobody around here is going to pay $20 for a properly sized sandwich.  I did leave hungry though. 2. The bread isn't bad, but it is slightly toasted.  In La Nouvelle-Orléans, po'boys aren't toasted.  I'll assume they do this because of the time lag for getting the bread shipment from down south. 3. Onto the dressed part.  It had ketchup, which I only put on fries & burgers.  Also, the ketchup tasted odd.  This is clearly a personal preference and, just as in NOLA, every place defines what "dressed" means to them.  Also (and I realize this is kinda nit picky), but the dressing (lettuce & tomato) where too cold - better to be at room temperature (though probably some NYC board of health regulation).  On a positive note, they did put pickles on the sandwich. 4. The work process for sandwich production needs some fine tuning.  There were only two guys and the work distribution seemed a bit uneven.  I don't really understand, but they need to think through a better approach.  The line should have moved quicker (it's only a stereotype that folks down there are slow...Hell, ever see a little old lady running for Mardi Gras beads?  Stay outta da way dawlin'!) 5. I will say that cleanliness is a hallmark here.  Use of gloves, lots of washing hands, using lots of plastic wrap for the food ingredients.  This is a comparative strength, because it's not as obvious in the City that Care Forgot. My friend and I agreed on two things overall: It wasn't bad, but far from great AND that a follow-up visit is in order, including checking out their other food.  I can tell you that if they moved the whole operation to K-ville, there would not be the line of customers that was there when I visited.  Again, it's a high standard to come up against, but it is what it is. I really do appreciate the effort in trying to bring a bit of the Big Easy to the Big Apple, and that's why the rating is 3-stars.  With a bit of work, it could be 4.  Stay tuned. PS.  You'll note that I didn't mention the guy with the tie running the place and whether he should be a model(?) No one would mention such a thing in N'awlins...except perhaps the cute though stoic little old ladies cranking out the po'boys at Domilise's or the boisterous, extraverted counter crew at Camellia Grill.  He's professional with a calm, polite manner and that's it.
Gooood sammy! We tried it all but the veggie... Fried chix on a homemade biscuit w/ gravy and slaw. Drooling yet? Oyster/shrimp poboy, shredded beed, pork chop w/ carmelized apples... Richardo does an xcellent job!!
This place is a hidden gem. The owner is awesome and gave me beignets and coffee on the house! They are super friendly and chill and I loved the atmosphere. Now the food! The chicken sandwich is out-of-bounds amazing. I haven't had a southern sandwich like this anywhere in the city-and only $6.50! I can't get over how good a deal that is for a homemade insanely good sandwich made with love. So many shitty sandwich places in this city can charge $8-$10. I want to go back and try all the different kinds. Definitely check this place out for lunch or dinner. The owner said he keeps the place open as late as people will come in- love it : )
O M G ! O is for outstanding.  The doughy biscuit, moist fried chicken, crunchy pickled cabbage, and savory gravy combine to make a sandwich that stands above its Manhattan competitors.  All I could think was "QUALITY" as I savored this beautiful sandwich.  Having tried other NY Magazine "101 Best Sandwiches in New York" (Luke's lobster roll, Torrisi chicken parm, Spotted Pig burger), I'm shocked that Cheeky's wasn't higher on the list.  Cheeky's sandwiches were so scrumptious that they deserve to start a new trend for Cajun sandwiches akin to the Italian porchetta obsession. M is for mom-and-pop.  This is a neighborhood restaurant.  Patrons waved hello and were on a first-name basis with the sole proprietor.  It's intimate, and not in the euphemistic manner used to describe many New York apartments.  Cheeky's decor is reminiscent of a hipster New Orleans road-side shack: metal sheeting on the roof, half-finished mural, and chicken wire on the windows. G is for the gorgeous guy manning the kitchen and register.  If he isn't already, a modeling agency should sign him.  It's a dream come true having someone that attractive make such crave-worthy food, and I urge Yelpers to take advantage of this before he disappears onto the cover of a magazine. (Just one thing to bring Cheeky's down to earth: I wish it were open later than 8 p.m., since New Yorkers have long work days.)
to quote Yelp "Yay! I'm a fan." I am always looking for places to remind me of back home, and this place fits the bill. The owner is very friendly and courteous. They have a full selection of Bit Shot soda and Zapp's chips. If you haven't had Zapp's chips then I don't know how to help you. But I will try to help you. Go to Cheeky and try the Jalapeno or the Crawtators. They sandwiches are a bit small but they're more filing than they look. They place is small but also kinda quaint in it's size. And having worked in a winn dixie in highschool, seeing the old winn dixie advertisement was a nice touch.
This place is one of my top ten favorite eateries in NYC. It's a cash only hole in the wall but totally worth the visit. Try the fried chicken or beef sandwich and you'll walk out feeling amazing
A friend recommended this place a while back and I decided to give it a try on a cool, nice day, so a walk from BK could be had. 2 miles one way. We arrived and had the disappointing news that they were out of oysters and shrimp for their po boys. My girlfriend is a veggie lady and was looking forward to those po boys. Whatever. I ordered my chicken sandwich and a veggie sandwich for the lady. Five minutes later. Foods ready. Went to the benches on the wall and almost fell off. These aren't benches, my tiny white ass can't even sit on them comfortably, which means...they aren't benches, more red painted wood to kinda sit on. Anyway. This is when shit starts to pop off. In comes homeless hungry man. "I'VE BEEN SLEEPING ON THE TRAIN ALL NIGHT AND IF Y'ALL DON'T START LISTENING TO ME, I'M GOING TO START PUNCHING EVERYONE!" Everyone knows how that goes. But besides the near royal rumble that ensued, the sandwiches weren't such a hit. The chicken was very tasty, but it lacked the bang I was hoping for. It also fell apart in my hands instantly, which if I'm not feeling the taste so much AND the sandwich is falling apart, I'm probably not a happy camper. The veggie sandwich on olive bread was alright, but it was overwhelmed with a pickle taste. I was hoping for the best with Cheeky Sandwiches, but instead all I got was a $1 donation to an angry homeless guy, an okay sandwich, and a long disappointing walk home.
All the appeal of a great food truck without all the not-knowing where they are gonna be everyday. Seriously, this place has some killer sandwiches. Was looking for a place to eat  near doughnut plant.  Saw this place on Yelp and thought, "oh wow cow's cheek sandwiches" Not exactly, but oh so much better. Toasted challah on the beef brisket was awesome. I mean who doesn't like toasty bread and beef brisket. Chicken biscuit was super savory with some good slaw to cut the richness. So good.  Not a huge fan of gravy in general, cause places use it to cover dry meat. But this gravy had flavor. Ben-YAYs indeed. And service was great to boot. Shout out to "Din" I think that was his name. Excellent. This place isn't just a good new orleans sandwich place, its just good sandwich place period. No credit cards yet, bring cash.
I had the 1/2 and 1/2 Shrimp and Oyster Po' Boy. I like the combination of the salty and delicate oysters along with the meaty shrimp. They're breaded with a decent crunch. I would've preferred more mayo, but the hot sauce added spice and acidity. The bread was slightly toasted with a bit of a crust to hold the sandwich together, but not too much bread inside to smother the ingredients. A quality po' boy for $8.50, which is expected when paying for oysters and seafood.
Always on the lookout for good fried chicken places. This place makes a meannn chicken biscuit. Was wary of the gravy and slaw combo but I was more than pleasantly surprised. I asked for hot sauce too which I put on everything, but didn't even need it! Owner was real friendly and gave me a free bag of fresh beignets with my order. This place is a real hole in the wall which I kind of like. It was pretty empty the day I came since it was a rainy weekday, but I can imagine on crowded days/nights it being a nightmare in there. There's seating but it's very limited and it's basically a few skinny long benches against the wall that fits half your cheeks. I've heard good things about the Po' boy too so I'll def be returning for either that or another chicken biscuit!
The menu is small and everything is good but you don't need all of that. What you need is a biscuit with honey. In fact that may be all you need from here and in life.
Came here this weekend after an eye doctor app. at H-Optics, just up the block; and while the space was cute and kitsch, and the gentleman behind that counter was friendly and cool...it just wasn't great.  The beignets were TINY...so tiny, in fact, that the nice counter man gave us an extra helping for free...unfortunately these, too, were tiny.  We are talking the size of the ball of my thumb, which is not a big thumb. Coffee was alright but could've been a bit stronger and he really dumped the milk and sugar in even though I specified that I wanted only a tiny bit of each.  Not as good as I want it to be.
I had lunch here today - I really wanted a veggie muffaletta, but they were out. they were out of shrimp too! to be honest, I was fine with that, it's nice to see a new place with such friendly and cool staff doing well enough to sell out of stuff! anyway, I had an oyster po'boy instead. it was delicious! the oysters were well cooked and pretty generous. the sandwich wasn't huge but I like it that way, keeps my fat ass from overeating! the bread was tasty - more the airy-crispy-roll kinda bread than soft-sink-your-teeth-in. they also have soda from new orleans - I forgot what it was called - but they have several interesting flavors like pineapple and stawberry. I had the cream soda, which was honestly one of the better sodas I've had recently. not too sweet! as for the decor, it's a, ehm, rustic little place with a bunch of stools around the walls. watch out for the stools, they're a little wobbly. I almost fell off a few times =P
Why don't they fix or get a new air conditioner in this place?   Friend and I stormed through the hot weather to check out these sandwiches hoping to find a refuge of cool air.  They have an AC unit in the back of the restaurant and their doors and windows wide open.  ??  We ordered the ginger tea lemonade and it wasn't very cold.  We asked for some ice and they didn't have any.   The sandwiches are the size of appetizers.  Okay, not that small, but might as well be advertised as appetizers because we both left pretty hungry after eating.  I had the 1/2 1/2 po boy.  It was a pretty good sandwich except a bit too salty for my taste.  The chicken and biscuit sandwich was pretty impressive, though.  Chicken was very tender and the biscuit soft.  It falls apart as you eat it.   Would go back to this place for a snack if ever in the neighborhood.
I really wanted to like Cheeky Sandwiches. I'm a sucker for a good sandwich and I love New Orleans food. The first time I went I got the fried chicken on a biscuit and the chicken was too greasy and the biscuit too dry, which made for an unwieldy sandwich and a real disappointment. I went back a second time to try out the half-and-half po'boy and while it was decent, it was really not worth the price. It's a tiny sandwich and they charge over $8. I'm beginning to think that there are no good places to get a po'boy in NYC. Alas.
I arrived not knowing what a po'boy was and left a fan for life.   I must walk by this place all the time on my way home and had always wanted to try it.  There's no sign except for the writing in the concrete in front so you really don't know what to expect if you were just passing by.  However, the reviews drew me in and I was ready for my taste of Louisiana.   I ordered the half shrimp half oyster.  My first bite was just heavenly.  The best part is the baguette.  Can something be crispy and fluffy at the same time?!  This might be my favorite sandwich bread of all time.  Top that off with some made-to-order fried shrimp and oysters with some fancy mayo sauce and you have yourself a sandwich.   I don't normally love sandwiches but Cheeky definitely adds something I've never tasted before and that's always a treat.   I will be back and I'd be shocked if you only visited once.
Dear Cheeky's you're so nice and so delicious. Thanks for the complimentary beignets you treated me and my visiting friends too. PS - best internet password ever.
Had the chicken biscuit sandwich, and the half and half po boy. It's kind of small, but I'd rather have a small, very well made sandwich than some nasty behemoth of a sandwich. Biscuit was a little too soft but overall it was an okay sandwich. Po boy was well made except the shrimp was tough as heck. I don't know if I've been spoiled by all the po boys I've eaten in New Orleans but this place just seems okay. A good alternative to your normal sandwich shop but nothing to go out of your way for.
This place has potential. Unfortunately, none of our dishes was a home run. chicken biscuit: amazing gravy and good chicken. The biscuits were flavorless. Half and half seafood  (half fried oysters, half shrimp) po'boy: nothing to write home about. It left me wanting more. Beignets - tasted just like zeppoles. They're not the same thing - I'm not that easily fooled. The vibe is really cool and the staff was great. I love the idea of the place - they just need to make some minor adjustments to the food.
So I'm a huge fan of southern food, and since moving to the Lower East Side, I haven't found much to Yelp about, until now!  Strong and rich coffee, sweet beignets, deliciously crispy (and a touch briny) oyster po boys, and savory fried chicken sandwiches made a great impression so far. So far, they serve breakfast and lunch, but I can't wait for their dinner offerings to develop.  I hope this little slice of the Big Easy is looking to stay in the neighborhood for a long time.
I had the braised short rib sandwich from Cheeky's yesterday. It was one of the tastiest sandwichs I have ever had. The bread, tomatoes and parsley matched well with the short rib. The meat itself was quite delicious and flavorful. Next time I would like to try the chicken on a biscuit.
I stumbled upon this place as I was seeking a cheap Chinese meal on the nearby streets.  However, my instincts told me to try at least something from this place on my search for a cheaper meal in Chinatown.  I ordered the chicken sandwich which consisted of a buttermilk biscuit, fried chicken, pickled cabbage, and gravy.  I guess having read some of the reviews prior to eating it, I had some high expectations.  I have to say that the sandwich fell flat for me.  It wasn't as tasty as I had imagined it would be - as it was supposed to be fried chicken.  It was a mess to eat, and felt like a misunderstood breakfast sandwich.  The one plus to the sandwich was that the chicken breast, which I normally despise - was quite moist, yet it lacked any flavor other than from the fried crust.   The service was very good - I was served by a man in a shirt and tie - who was extremely friendly and polite.  I don't know if I'd return - but maybe another sandwich can impress me at this nicely decorated shop.
Great place, really good guys on staff and fantastic food and atmosphere. The shrimp po boy was awesome and right up there with any fried shrimp po boy you get down in New Orleans. Free (excellent) beignets with my order and an interesting ginger ale selection really tops this place off. I will definitely be back to try the fried oyster po boy next.
Very good chicken sandwich, really nice folks. Great price.
Amazing flavor, quirky, small, LES-flavored, down to earth, friendly. If you like these things, you will love this place. I sure did.
Went there for the first time here (I was curious about the 2 customers sitting at the open window!).  I tried the chicken sandwich, was a very good deal! And everybody was speaking loudly about how good the chicken sandwich was! Everybody was advising to each other "chicken chicken chicken" The only bad point might be that there are not so many things on the menu? (and it depends on the day, some things might not be available) Anyway, good job guys
Holy smokes. Such an assuming storefront, but simply solid food through and through. You could get two kickass sandwiches at Cheeky's for the price of an entree at another restaurant. I came on a Saturday lunch, and it was still relatively quiet so I was able to snag a seat in the tiny place. Their menu is compact and to the point: just a bunch of sandwiches with meat for every kind of meat eater. I tried the beef, fried chicken and pork chop one, and it is in that order that I recommend you try it. They also have board games like Battleships, Connect Four and Sorry. It's a cute and fun, and not to mention cheap date spot.
Don't bother with the shrimp po-boy. For $8, you get deep fried shrimp on bread with tabasco and ketchup.  Not terrible, but definitely something I could have replicated at home with some frozen popcorn shrimp.
This little cramped place is a complete hole in the wall serving outrageous biscuit sandwiches, po -oys, & even something for your sweet tooth. The most unique thing about this place is that it is located in Chinatown which seems odd for it to even have Southern cooking BUT it is so great for people to try new things. The guys behind the counter are really cool and has that Southern hospitality. The day I went, I had the Fried Chicken Biscuit Sandwich which was the bomb. Smothered in gravy and purple cole slaw, it was a really great sandwich. Though my biscuit was a tad dry, the overall structure of the sandwich was top notch! Will definitely be back for more!
Had the Fried Chicken on A Biscuit Sandwich: As close to heaven as it gets. This little place is amazing. Will be back ASAP.
Went there for the first time today. Loved the look of the place - very cool. I especially like how there are almost no signs. My friend and I were standing right in front of the place and it took us ten seconds to realize we reached our destination. I ordered the chicken sandwich, on a biscuit, with cole slaw, gravy, and what seemed like mashed potatoes (?). Great combination of flavors. One major issue: the chicken was undercooked, practically raw in the middle. The sandwich tasted fine otherwise (I didn't eat the raw part of the chicken, though). This worried me. My friend ordered the beef with arugula, tomatoes and horeseradish, on challah. This sandwich was great! I highly recommend both sandwiches, but please make sure the chicken is cooked through.
Ben-yays Bread Pudding Beef Sandwich Pork Sandwich Cool wall murals and friendly waiter!
Visiting NYC for a weekend can lead you to many big chains and small treasures. Cheeky Sandwiches is definitely the latter. A small wooden swinging-esque door hides the small operation on an equally hidden street on the outskirts of Chinatown. The decor is simple and resembles your favorite hometown dive bar. The employees were very welcoming and helpful, asking if we worked or lived in the area and how our day was going. Explaining that a friend recommended the joint seemed to make sense to them. The menu is as small as the place itself, but I would have to admit it's quality over quantity there. After scanning the menu the two eggs scrambled, muenster, and smoked salmon jumped off the page to me (breakfast and little seafood action? I'm in). My friends got their hands on the oyster po'boy and the fried chicken, buttermilk biscuit, cole slaw, gravy which they raved about for the two minutes it took them to swallow it whole. I thought the sandwiches were great but possibly lacking in dressing, which would've added a spark of some sort. The portions, while a little small, do reflect the prices in a good way. I recommend getting a bag of Zapp's chips to go along, which I unfortunately did not. Would I go back? Yes. Should you venture out of your way to go there? Maybe. Worth a try though, and I do believe it's not the only one in the surrounding areas. - @ZakirGhazi
Cheeky Sandwiches is always pretty quiet. The service is quick and the food is dope. I know the chicken biscuit is the fan favourite but the shrimp po' boys are where it's at. Plus- the dudes behind the counter are always really good-looking. Eye-candy and solid grub, ha.
First, let me start out by saying CASH ONLY! Second, this place is so good! I ordered their chicken cheeky sandwich (fried chicken, mashed potato, and coleslaw in the sandwhich) with black berry soda and I felt like I was in heaven lol. The staff is extremely friendly and I can't wait to take my friends here.
I came here and had the chicken sandwich on biscuit with gravy. It's impressive that they freshly bread and fry each piece to order so your sandwich comes out pippin hot. I didn't think the taste was anything special however. The pickles that came with the sandwich didn't do anything for me and I was disappointing with the gravy. I would come back to try the other sandwiches but I would definitely prefer a straight up chick fil a
Good if you are in the neighborhood.  I had no problem with service.
Beef Sandwich. This is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The succulent beef short rib is marinated in a slightly sweet slightly tangy marinade, this is then enhanced by the paring of the bitter arugula with the creamy bite of the horse radish sauce and the playful cherry tomatoes. All of it is delivered to you between 2 slices of buttery grilled challah bread. Has to be one of the top 5 sandwiches in NYC. The other yelp reviews cover why else this place is great. Just don't miss the beef sandwich, really.
Love this place! Best chicken sandwich I've ever had, blows Chickfilla out of the water! Guy working the counter was so nice and courteous as well!
DIN.
This place is best. I go at least 2-3 times a week. The food is delicious and the pirces (6:50-8:50) are very reasonable. I usually get the Chicken Biscuit which is the right amount of portion and just unbelievable. I have had the seafood sandwich too. It is good. I also have had the pork and I like it. But for me it's all about the Chicekn Biscuit. Do yourself a favor and go to this spot. It's small and easy to miss but the people are nice and the food is amazing.
A small, chill place with amazing sandwiches. My favorite is their fried chicken sandwich that is served inside amazingly fresh and flaky biscuits. For dessert they have an addicting bread pudding. One of my favorite places for lunch during the weekend.
Feels like the French Quarter when you taste the fried Oysters , so so juicy but fired like ya mamma did it ! Love the hot sauce on da bread, 1/2 a Crab in the gumbo, I shredded it ! I can not wait to go back. Very Small but not a deal to me I could take it to the park and eat. The Guys the run the joint are Just good ol nice guys. I loved the faces on the wall. Oh yeah I got da 1/2 & 1/2 and could feel home with the Abita  beer !
I was incredibly out of it when I went here. I got the fried chicken sandwich and a soda. It was amazing. I love biscuits. I wolfed it down and thanked the proprietor and walked headfirst into the door. Once I figured out how to operate a door, I had made it about half a block before an employee chased me down to remind me I hadn't paid yet. They were very accommodating of my fuzzy state, and sated my munchies wonderfully.
Ordered the chicken sandwich and the beef sandwich so my best friend and I can share. The chicken sandwich was the size of my palm and smelled delicious. And it tasted amazing, the chicken was moist, very flavorful and the biscuit was rich and buttery, melted in my mouth. The beef sandwich caught me by surprise, the flavors were very interesting. You can taste a few different flavors going on all at once, nothing like I've ever had before. The bread reminded me of french toast. I will definitely return again and recommend this place to others. *This place is kind of hidden, I almost walked past it without knowing so keep your eyes wide open!
This place was amazing. Like others have said, it really is a hole in the wall. But these were the best sandwiches I've ever had. Definitely try the fried chicken - my friends and I cleaned the place out. The biscuits are so soft and buttery and it's just a perfect blend of textures and flavors. Will go back for sure. Also if you're there with some friends, you can play their board games.
Had the pork and beef. Both were great but the pork was amazing- very juicy and flavorful. The beef had a really good mustard on it, but it overpowered the beef. The staff was really friendly and the atmosphere was cozy. Definitely worth a stop :)
The problem with the few poboy offerings in the city is usually the bread. It's all about the bread. They're usually too dense and not light and airy as they should be.  At Cheeky Sandwiches, they get it right. They actually get their bread from Gendusa Bakery in New Orleans. It is very nice and airy with a brittle crust. If you don't find yourself brushing a pile of bread crumbs off of yourself, then that ain't no poboy you've been eating. Cheeky's poboys come fully dressed with lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo and a little splash of tobasco sauce. I ordered the shrimp poboy while my friend had the half shrimp half oyster one. The shrimp was nicely breaded and I enjoyed every bite. My friend enjoyed her half and half as well. Louisiana snacks such as Zapp's potato chips (Cajun Dill, Cajun Crawtators, Salt & Vinegar, Jalapeno, and my favorite Spicy Creole Tomato), Big Shot sodas, and Cafe Du Monde coffee are also on offer. The beignets, or rather "Ben-yays", were okay as they looked and tasted more like powdered sugar munchkins. The fried chicken and biscuit intrigues me so I will definitely be back to try that next. The (tiny) restaurant is cute and charming with bench seating along the wall. The service is super friendly.
I wandered in here, cold, hungry on a quiet Sunday afternoon. I wanted someplace that was comfy and empty after battling the Noho, Soho crowds. I was drawn in by the sound of the cook and a customer talking and laughing and I was greeted warmly by Din, the sharply dressed man  in the kitchen. I wanted something yummy and fast! He recommended the beef sandwich- short ribs, arugula, juicy tomato served up on toasted thick slices of challah bread. Before I unwrapped the sandwich I had a sip of the thick strong chicory coffee and was ready. From the first bite I knew-- one of the best sandwiches I've had in my entire life. Din kept an eye on me as I ate, and had served a regular from the 'hood another beef sandwich. He wanted to serve me "Ben-Yays" (their spelling) as soon as I was done. The man knows how to please a hungry girl. I am coming back for more more more and bringing friends.
Easy to miss, hard to forget.
I had a hankerin' for an oyster po boy and Cheeky totally sated my desires. The sandwich was right on with tender fried oysters on a tasty baguette. Chicory coffee and atypically yeasty-yet-delicious beignets rounded out the meal quite nicely while front-man Din presided over this funky little shop with gracious service.
Sorry didn't get it.  Got a half shrimp half oyster po boy.  Was surprised by how small it was.  Not much seafood on it either.  The best part was the nice crusty bread but the tiny amount of seafood was overpowered by the tartar sauce and what I think was ketchup wtf???  I did prefer the oyster half which had more seafood.  Cool lookin little place but kinda divey and probably more comfortable to take food out as the space is pretty small.  Most of the sandwiches actually sounded real good maybe ill be back to give it another shot.  P.s I can bench press a considerable amount of weight but could barely get that front door to push open just sayin you guys might wanna put some wd 40 on that b#$%h
Being from the South I always crave a poboy. This place reminds me of New Orleans, maybe because they actually get the bread from New Orleans.
When you want your beignet (ben-yay!) fix, this is the place in NYC. They also have cafe du monde chickory coffee to complete the NOLA experience. The owner Din is the best. So welcoming and pleasant. And he's a runner like me. OK he ran and biked to NOLA so that alone deserves five stars. Oh and did I mention they have beignets??? Have yet to try the sandwiches... Next time!
A mighty fine sandwich served up straight from the Dekalb Market, I got a veggie muffaletta.  That was a pickled mix of goodness with swiss cheese on toasted olive roll.  Took a while for my sandwich to come up, and I've no idea exactly why.  But it was damn tasty once it arrived!
We had the chicken biscuit and the shrimp & oyster po'boy. Having had po'boy in the South while on a Hurricane Relief Trip, I thought this was mediocre. I had high expectations from reading about this place on realcheapeats, but only the unpretentious but well thought-out decor and ambiance lived up to them.
Great Sandwich! I had the Beef sandwich which was awesome beef rib on perfectly crisped challah bread. My friend had the chick sandwich and it was a southern fried masterpiece.  A bit on the small side but made me savor every bite.  Really helpful staff as well. Check it out.
Though a little messy, that was definitely one of my favorite sandwiches ever. The bread was crusty and fresh. The oysters and shrimp were so perfectly fried and flavorful. There was spice, texture, creaminess, and bite. The pickles inside as well as the ketchup and mayo was a nice touch and rounded out the sandwich. It was the perfect portion and for $8.50 I am left satisfied and happy with the lingering spice on my tastebuds.
A small spot hidden in a section of Orchard St that I've never really explored, but I'm glad I did that day.  Interesting menu and with my roots from the dirty south, I was craving a half shrimp and half oyster po' boy the moment I saw it on the menu.  Yeah, the portion is kinda small and I could've easily eaten two, it sufficed since they did a nice job with the breading and frying.  This isn't a spot I would specifically head down to the LES for, but I'd probably come back if I were in the area looking for a bite.
Hats off to Andrew T. for being the first review this place. Not sure how  he found it or had the gumption to go in and give it a try :)! Anyway, it was my first time here. Not so easy to find, but if you go by the address you will see it. It is definitely a hole in the wall, it looks like they might not even have a permanent door! I tried the chicken sandwich first, it was smaller then I thought  it would be, but it was excellent. The chicken was very tasty and the biscuit was very good. I was still hungry after this sandwich and curious to try something else, so went for the shrimp poboy. The shrimp was very tasty, but there was a lot of stuff on the sandwich which overshadowed it a bit. Would love to have that shrimp by itself with some bigger shrimp, they tasted great. Gun to my head, I would choose the chicken, but both were good. Next time will try some of the ben-yays also. Staff was friendly, will definitely go back again.
Food was delicious, try the Shrimp PoBoy with extra mayo! Roast Beef Sandwich was also delcious (guy working there was kind enoug to hook us up with a sample of it). Beignets were also delicous. The only negative was that the sandwiches were tiny, so get a bag of chips and drink cause your gonna need them to fill up.
I love this place. I've had the Veggie and the Grass and they are both excellent. The staff is super friendly and the sandwiches are made with fresh ingredients and reasonably priced. I'd recommend stopping in sometime for a quick bite.
The chicken sandwich was freakin DELICIOUS! Greasy goodness down to the very last effin drop. It's a must stop place in NY!
I was charmed by the atmosphere here and the owner (I believe) was friendly and accommodating I was a bit disappointed in the food. I had the chicken biscuit sandwich and I found the chicken very salty and greasy and had an unpleasant hot sauce flavor to it. We also had beignets that the owner admitted the dough had not thawed properly so he did not charge us for them and they were ok. Overall, the experience is ok as my hubby and our friend enjoyed their food, I just found the food to be a let down but would try again, maybe it was an off day for the chicken?
This is an awesome addition to Orchard Street. I've had the fried chicken and biscuit sandwich and the beef one and they were both a little messy but super tasty. I usually try to run here after work to catch them before they close (around 8). Nice staff, nice atmosphere, definitely worth a visit and $8.
I came here for breakfast 3 days in a row since I moved into the neighborhood. The owner, Din, is awesome. The chicken biscuit is just like down south, the veggie muffalata is good when I look at my stomach in the morning and decide the chicken biscuit is just not necessary, the short rib is good, but eat it at the store cause it gets soggy to go. I love the chips he drives up from New Orleans. One of my favorite sandwich shops.
Absolutely adorable. Unique sandwiches. Great atmosphere. Wonderful staff. You can't go wrong with Cheeky Sandwiches. Keep your eyes peeled when looking for it though, it's small with minimal signage -- making it all that much more of a find!
this is a cute and cool little sandwich, tea, coffee place on one of my fav streets in manhattan - orchard! it has a cool face etching in the concrete out front, and i needed to come check it out. the inside is raw and funky, with cute little red stools and old time blues playing in the background (think skip james). i love soul/southern thing they have going on, and got a most delicious sandwich that was made to order. they also have specialty sodas and zapps brand potato chips (i got the voodoo flavor). cheeky sandwiches just opened last month, and they hope to offer dinner in the near future as right now it's just breakfast and lunch. i know it will be hoppin' soon, so i appreciated the quiet air about it for now. i know the next time i come in, it will be packed.
This place is superb in every way. The aesthetics are wonderful and the food is spectacular. The sandwiches they serve are incredibly homemade and authentic. I had the chicken and gravy biscuit. It blew my mind. Cheeky's is a must for all foodies!
The place is a total dive but the sandwiches are great. Two of us split three sandwiches -- the Grass sandwich (which has beets, goat cheese & arugula), the pork chop sandwich, and the fried chicken biscuit. All the sandwiches are small but tasty. The fried chicken sandwich was our favorite. You must also try the beignets, which only cost $1 for three.
SURPRISE BEN-YAYS! I made a happy when I opened the bag and found delicious balls in powdered sugar (oh how I wish all men had balls in powdered sugar! pun intended!) I made the trek out to Cheeky's again and despite knowing exactly where I'm going, I still got slightly lost in the dark. I was a block off, close enough! The reviews say that he's pretty full all the time but when I've been there it has not been and I am sort of glad. Glad for the lack of people I have to fight through to get much needed attention for my tummy, but hoping he does get more business than this in the wintertime. He's a easy fellow to get along with, so all you jealous fellows and misses that don't know what you're talking about- sometimes it's not just about looks that brings everyone to the yard.
This meticulously curated sandwich shop is perhaps one of the best places to get a quick southern inspired meal in the LES. Myself being from the south, everything on the menu is comfort food and the atmosphere is extremely cozy and handmade. The fried chicken sandwich is delicious, gravy + red cabbage slaw with the buttery biscuit is probably the best thing on the menu besides the beef  with tomatoes and horse radish. The recent addition of Gumbo with crab is an excellent touch. They also have beer on tap and in the can, Zapps chips and the friendliest staff one could ask for. They're located in the middle of dozens of art galleries and it's great to eat here, drink and go to gallery openings.
I came here when running errands in the Lower East Side and I'm glad I did.  I wanted the fried chicken and biscuit sandwich but they ran out.  I ordered the short rib sandwich instead which was delicious and was as good as any sit down restaurant braised short rib.  The only comment I can make about it is that maybe they could use a different type of bread with a little bit more integrity.
sandwiches: beef pork great service all orders made fresh they even fry the fries right after you say you want them. tasty sandwiches. some are portioned a bit smaller than expected. perk of paying after you've eaten, personally give complements for a great sandwich.
Flavorful, comforting sandwiches washed down with tap beer (Abita Restoration), I'm in!  Been twice and both times have been impressed. The sandwich de resistance is the boneless fried chicken biscuit sandwich with red slaw and gravy. The chicken was moist (and sultry!, for my Throw Mama from Train aficionados) and seasoned just right. The biscuit was seemingly homemade. The shirt rib and the pork chop sandwich were both above average, tender and sweet, dressed just right.  Next time, the shrimp po' boy. But, if you go, get the CHICKEN, and make sure they save one for me.
They make amazing sandwiches! And for a pretty great price! I got their signature fried chicken on biscuit and a beef panini. I actually liked the panini more because the spinach and cherry tomatoes balanced out the dry shredded beef. I just love mixes of sweet and savory flavors, with a hint of acidity. The fried chicken was small in my opinion. The chicken was also a bit dry.... but still tasty! I'm definitely coming back. P.S.: Their bathroom is interesting.
Classic beef short rib sandwich. Oh yes. Sweet bread, savory sauce, incredible meat. I may be dropping some dollars every time I come to this neighborhood now.
Their Chicken Biscuit is a must as I've never had fried chicken within a biscuit, only separately. Whether you're hungry, drunk, hungover, tired, or just wanted to try this place definitely make a trip to Chinatow/Lower East Side for this spot. If you've never been here, you will need to add it to your NYC itinerary. Note not a lot of seating; maybe one table for four seats, a high counter for three seats, or an opposite counter standing room only for perhaps five.
Dude, I just love this place for lunch and take out. I love it so much I sometimes eat sandwiches for dinner sitting at the counter. Cheeky's Sandwiches has totally got it going on as an unpretentious neighborhood spot. Bonus points for the friendliest chef/owner. I heard a rumor the folks of Greenpoint, Bk are getting their own outpost, Bread For The Eater, on Driggs Ave. Lucky bastards.
4 stars for the sandwiches. The beef was the best, in my opinion. I got to try the egg/cheese, chicken, pork, and beignets. Although they were all good, the beef was really mouthwatering. The chicken biscuit was tasty enough to almost forget how many hours of my life would be sacked by each bite...almost. It's a  decadent thing that will make a huge mess. It's good, though.   The value here is fantastic. It's rare to get such high quality for under 10 bucks. Now, let's get on with the important stuff: 1 bonus star for the bathroom. The bathroom is a clean, fully built outhouse with plumbing that exists within the confines of the restaurant.This is special because to find a bathroom at this type of quick sandwich place that is A. clean and B. available to patrons...well it might as well be a damn unicorn. 5 stars.
Loved the chicken biscuit. Thought the po boy was fine but not great.  Found the vegetarian sandwich totally disappointing. If you're going to offer one, please make it taste good. The beignets are amazing.  The spot is adorable.  The people there are really nice!
Delete its not releveant
The chicken sandwich was almost as good as it is in the deep south. The oysters were so fishy we had to throw it away. The space is small and cute but the bench isn't big enough for an average adult to sit on.
Why the heck did i not know about this place before? Tsk tsk, I should be ashamed of myself. Seriously now, this hole in the wall is making magically tasty and cheap sandwiches. The fried chicken on a biscuit is just a no-nonsense ball of flavor. Yes it is greasy, yes the wax paper they wrap it in ends up disolving. But what you get is a creative, tasty and affordable meal. Staff is very friendly and eager to chat. The chicken's breading is light--not overly fried--and it crumbles with every bite. The slaw and mayo balance the whole thing with some acidity. And what can I say about the biscuit bread? It's a biscuit darn it! I need to go back and try their Po' boy.
Real real good po boys and incredibly hospitable dude running the shop.  Half & Half has lightly battered oysters and shrimp, right balance of heat, minimal mayo just to make it rich enough, and wonderful airy, crispy bread.  Tasty beignets, authentic pop/soda and chips, and great design/decor.  I'll definitely be back to try the chicken and biscuit, the "grass" sandwich, and some of the other concoctions Din is dreaming up.  Definitely worth the trip!
If I could give this place 10 stars, I would. Too many mornings I wake up craving their mouth watering chicken biscuit sandwich. Everything is always so fresh, creative & the best coffee in my neighborhood. Not to mention the ever friendly guys working at Cheeky's to make my day!
A good nothin fancy sandwich what makes it so good is the freshness of all the ingredients.  like i said it's nothing fancy...i had the po'boy with the shrimp.  it has a nice bite to it.  the've really cleaned up the place a lot, but could use a little translating services... :)
Delicious sandwiches with a New Orleans and Southern touch! I tried the Fried Chicket Biscuit sandwich and the Veggie Muffaletta--both scrumptious! Nice guys behind the counter, too.
Had the fried oyster Po' boy sandwich last week,and wasn't impressed.The bread tasted stale,there weren't enough oyster's,and it was a small sandwich for the price..The best part was the sauce they put on the sandwich.
Ah I love Cheeky Sandwiches! I think I've had everything on the menu before, and my personal favorites are the chicken biscuit and the braised short rib. This little hole in wall restaurant can serve up a mean sandwich! It's a tiny place, and you're lucky if you can nab a spot to eat your delicious sandwich there. If you do, they also have a few beers available. It's off the beaten path--but try not to miss this place. Your taste buds will thank you!
Yeah... my rec - just go for the chicken. So bad... and yet SO GOOD. Got one. Slayed it. Hemmed and hawed over ordering a second (it is rather small, after all)... waited ten minutes for that, only to finish it off in 1. Nice!  The beef was okay.
Had to go after reading all reviews and the chicken biscuit sandwich exceeded all expectations. However I know personal taste but didn't think same about the shrimp po boy. Bottom line it is a must trip to get chicken biscuit
Chicken & Bisquit sandwich - best thing I've eaten this year!! The short ribs sandwich is a close second.  I really like the dill potato chips.  They serve up a pretty good cup of coffee as well.  One of my new favorites in the neighborhood that doesn't disappoint.  The staff is really friendly, so be prepared to have some nice conversation.
Scrambled egg with muenster on a homemade biscuit, super simple, super perfect. Seriously, those biscuitssssss! The space though tiny is charming as heck & the service, UH-MAZING. (& I'm not just saying that because we were gifted a few sweet little "ben-yays" on the side.) What else could you want? Cheeky, I LOVE YOU.
GREAT sandwiches. I had the biscuit and chicken sandwich first and thought it was delicious. Also had a bag of tomato with tobasco kettle cooked potato chips . . . I love uncommon flavors like that! And had me some pineapple soda too. But anyway . . . the place looks like a hole in the wall joint but don't be fooled. This place rocks! After I had the fried chicken sandwich I went ahead and ordered another one, this time trying the beef sandwich. Now I'm not even sure which I like better. Definitely not something you should eat too often though because the food was greasy and heavy as hell.
Very friendly even though I came in close to closing. Sandwiches were made fresh and tasted great! Thank you again you guys! 10/10 would eat here again!
The fried chicken gravy biscuit sandwich is unreal.  Really friendly people.
Went here with my sister and we loved it. Definitely a hole in the wall and easy to miss, but is so worth the search. I got the chicken and biscuit sandwich, my sister got the beef sandwich. Both were delicious the chicken did taste better though. The service was wonderful the dude behind the counter had us laughing while we waited for our order.
Aside from the incredibly small restaurant, Cheeky Sandwiches actually makes some really great food. All of their sandwiches are delicious, and they are reasonably well priced.
A side effect of the rapid gentrification of all of Manhattan's neighborhoods has been the loss of that neighborhood feel.  Bleecker Records' in the West Village gets slaughtered by a steep lease increase, only to be replaced by a Starbucks.  Inò goes under the same way, only to be left vacant for a year.  The safer we feel and the nicer our streets, the more artificial this city feels. For this reason, Cheeky really stands out as a modern sandwich shop with old school values.  It's got a handful of places to sit, with the rest of the tiny space dedicated to an open kitchen.   Din, the chef, is right there meticulously making sandwiches while also shooting the shit with his customers (who he knows by name) and introducing himself to newcomers like me. And if that wasn't enough, the food holds up to all the hype in the reviews that have preceded this one.  I went with the Beef Sandwich, and I can say it was one of the best sandwiches I've had in recent memory.  And why wouldn't it be?  I watched him take some pre-braised short rib, throw it in a pan with some marinades and spices while he heated toasted the challah and constructed the horseradish spread/tomato/arugula combination on top.  Fresh and so flavorful. Din also threw us a couple beignets which are comparable to what I experienced in NOLA. 150% will take the .7 mile walk from my office to Cheeky in the blistering heat.
i was just walking by just after lunch and grabbed a pork sandwich to go, i am currently trying to fake a work emergency so i can go back and get another, shame i don't work in the area as i would eat here all the time!
Great sandwiches for an affordable price. Shrimp po'boy is really great, crispy and fresh. You might want to get two if your really hungry. The chicken biscuit sandwich is amazing as well. Really left me satisfied. PS: it's on a really unusual spot near Chinatown so if you think you're getting lost you're not, the directions are spot on.
Behind a blink-and-you'll-miss-it storefront, Cheeky's is slinging tasty cajun sandwiches.The chicken biscuit and po boys are especially on-point. The owner is a cool cat, always dressed very dapper.  Prices are a bit expensive but you can tell you're getting the real deal - even the chips and soda are from cajun country too.
Cheeky Sandwiches NY: Manhattan: Chinatown 6pm Saturday 23rd August 2014 Five stars On a unpopulated street in Chinatown, there is an easy to miss sandwich shop serving up some delicious southern comfort food. There's only one tattered menu on the counter.  It's about a minute to read and another two minutes to comprehend the simplistic beauty of this place. I had the chicken $6.50 (tax included).  5 minutes later, I was enjoying a piece of freshly fried chicken between a gravy-covered biscuit with a bit of crispy pickle cabbage. The Inside is nothing spectacular. There is one table, some counter space, and only milk crates to sit upon. Overall this food place is a great no bullocks sort of establish with excellent fair and atmosphere.
This place is amazing. GREAT food. Wonderful owner/manager and funky decor. You have to have the chicken biscuit.
Cheeky Sandwiches was delicious. Fluffy biscuits, creamy gravy & perfectly cooked fried chicken. All cheffed up by a sweet guy with massive guns! Go, eat and enjoy!
The place looks pretty much like a stock room eating area but don't let the looks fool you! The food is pretty pricey for the size but it's NY! everything is pricey! the portions seem small but are very filling! I tried the Chicken sandwich with gravy on a biscuit. It was very good & #Fresh! The menu is pretty simple & doesn't have many options but that just makes it easier to decide! Had desert & they gave it to me free of charge! #2ThumbsUp! I'd definitely go back!
$6.50 for the fried chicken biscuit - no problem! It was a great sandwich on many levels. From the buttery biscuit, to the seasoned breading on the fried chicken (I thought it could have had more of a kick but I like spicier food), slaw giving the necessary crunch to the sandwich, and the gravy tying everything together - very good! We also had the short rib sandwich which was also almost as good (the fried chicken biscuit is that good!). The sandwiches are small and one might not be enough but at $6.50-$8 range they are worth every penny
Tiiiny little place, but so so good. The shrimp poboy is delicious and the beignets are scrumptious. Love the guys who run this place -- super friendly and clearly love what they do.
Best decision I've ever made. Sandwiches good. Customer service awesome. Only thing not going for them is space but that can be upgraded later. Din is AMAZING!
If you're in New York, and you want a po' boy that tastes like a po' boy you'd eat in new orleans, come here. the size might be small for the price (but hey, it's new york), but it totally hit the spot. i had a shrimp po'boy, some zapp's chips (yumm) and some "ben-yays" - can't say those were great, but the po'boy and chips totally made up for it!! i went with my husband, who's from new orleans, and he approved. the next day, i read a ny mag piece that says they even get the bread shipped in from a bakery in new orleans. go here. you'll love it :) i can't wait to go back!
A small, no-frills sandwich shop located at the lower end of Orchard St.  The staff welcomes everyone with a friendly greeting and smiles on their faces. The menus is stream-lined, no 24+ sandwiches to choose from like some places.  It`s something like 5 or 6 sandwiches to choose from.  And the side options include Kimchi or potato chips from Zapps ! (not many places sell Zapps, good move) My "sea" sandwich, where I opted for half shrimp, half oysters was  very tasty and was served on a nice piece of bread.  Meanwhile, I did ogle at chicken sandwiches that fellow patrons were devouring, those looked damn tasty as well.  Just keep in mind, these portions are not large or "overstuffed", so if you`re a big boy or girl, you may want to order 2 of them.
Got the shrimp po boy. All breading and no shrimp. Wack!!!  Very disappointing considering what brought me here was the Yelp reviews...
This place is an experience. The decor, the old man behind the counter, the lack of adequate seating and of course, the food. It has charm. You feel oddly at home, like you're inside the hipster snack bar version of "Cheers" or something. Back to the food though, it's great. Cheap and delicious. I've had almost everything on the menu and nothing has disappointed me.
Salmon biscuit is amazing!
So this must be the first time yelp has steered me in the wrong direction with food. I was hungry after a long day and was craving fried chicken. Cheeky came up as an option and based on their now I realize somewhat inflated ratings I decided i'd try their sandwich. I ended up eating it in a nearby park like area that sits on a main street to avoid having to sit on their milk crate seats. No worries though, I withstood the crawling rats nearby and proceeded to eat the sandwich. The biscuit that enclosed the meat and slaw was soggy , soft and just nothing I would brag about. To think some guy actually came in there to buy a biscuit with some jelly for three bucks is super amusing in hindsight but anyways back to my sandwich. So added to the soggy biscuit was some very strong overpowering "cole slaw". The slaw was just a fail to be honest and added nothing to the biscuit and I could see why a fellow sandwich buyer opted for the slaw free sandwich. The third part of the sandwich was the meat. Now the chicken to me was salty. It was obviously seasoned in alot of it and I tasted hints of black pepper and nothing else. I have had afew chicken sandwiches and felt the chicken could use abit more variety of seasonings to add more flavor. Why I give this place 3 stars? Well these are young guys trying to get their restaurant on the up and up and I don't want to disrupt that...too much atleast. 3 Stars is fair for what they offer though but they can easily improve things to get better.These things are 1) Make better biscuits preferably bigger and firmer with a nice hard outside crust so to speak. 2) Get rid of the stink slaw. 3) Add lettuce tomato and grilled cheese 3) Season chicken 4) Add  more inviting seats to restaurant instead of the crates or if none of those then atleast make your prices cheaper. Until then I'll just hit up Bob whites.
Worth a visit just to see the quirky & perfect interior. Sandwiches seem small but are dense, filling and really tasty. Slow, but steady stream of regulars while I was there.
I've had the chicken biscuit andwich and the beef on challah sandwich. The chicken biscuit one was good and I would definitely get it again. The beef on challah sandwich was okay, but was salty and not flavorful at the same time. I do like the fact that it's on challah though. I've also had their bread puddig, which has good flavor but is a little dry. Maybe popping it in the microwave would help. They are very reasonably priced which bumps this to a four star.
The  oyster po'boy is downright gross--but the shrimp sandwich was amazing. I'm not dying to go back and it's definitely one of the most hipster-y sandwich places I've ever been to, but the shrimp sandwich was really really good.
Have to agree with the other reviews here. 5 stars indeed! The chicken biscuit sandwich is great and probably the best I've had in New York so far. Not too sloppy and both the chicken and biscuit tasted great. I'll be back to sample the rest of their sandwiches soon!
Went to this place sometime in the summer of 2011. The place was kind of hard to find due to no eye catching sign but on the sidewalk. The door was quite hard to squeeze through. I only had less than a foot space to squeeze in by with two other bags. No one was there except the cook? He didn't say much though. I waited him for a while for him to notice me so I can give my order but it wasn't until I spoke up to him that he finally responded. It was a decent wait for my food. I ordered the Half & Half Po-boy which was half oyster and half shrimp, one bag of chips, and a strawberry soda. There was quite a variety of chips and sodas to choose from. I thought that all in total was about $8 but  it turned out more than that. It would be nice to have friendlier service in the future.
Temporarily CLOSED!?!?  Well, when it opens back up on 7/19, you must go and try their scrumptious chicken biscuit sandwich. OMG that sandwich was finger lickin' good.  It was a biscuit with fried chicken, slaw, and gravy.  I also had their po' boy sandwich with half fried shrimp and half fried oysters. I would definitely order the chicken biscuit ($6.5) again, it was sooooooooooo good.  The chicken was fried to perfection and still moist and melded very well with the slaw and gravy.  The biscuit was also buttery which made the sandwich complete.  The po' boy ($8.5) was good with a nice kick but it wasn't as good as the chicken sandwich. The guy that made the sandwich was super nice.  I came right when he was changing the oil for the seafood so I had to wait awhile while the oil was heating up.  (Glad to know they're not re-using the same oil over and over all day long)  They also have bread pudding ($3) and ben-yay's (3/$1) which the guy gave to me for free for waiting.  So sweet!  Bread pudding was moist and good, but the ben-yays weren't great.  (Compared to the beignets from Cafe Du Monde) The place is super tiny with limited seating and kind of run down looking, but I think it adds to the charm of the small business. If you're eating in: you order, sit, eat, then pay. Try it!  You'll find yourself going back.
This place makes a good po' boy.  I got the half and half (half oyster and half shrimp).  Sandwiches are a bit small for the price, but the quality more than makes up for it.  Very friendly staff.  I'll be coming here more often after I finish grad school and can afford it.
Came here to grab a quick bite before going to a party. The chicken biscuit that everyone talks about is legit. I also had the beef sandwich, which was just as good. And one of the best parts is that the beignets are only $1 for three. They're so nice here, they even gave them to me for free. I'll definitely be coming back to try all their other sandwiches. The place is really small, so feel free to grab a spot wherever you can.
Everything a sandwich shop should be.
Great sandwiches, and maybe just as importantly, great service. I tried the chicken, sea (half shrimp, half oyster) and beignets, and were satisfied with all three. It was my first experience with beignets, but it was a good one. I'll definitely be back.
i miss this place so much.   sure there're lots of places in LA that offer fried chicken sando, but nothing compares.  the warm biscuits, perfectly fried succulent chicken, gravy...   other sandwiches are pretty good too.  place's tiny.  so avoid lunch hours.
This place is the real deal for PO boys. Can't wait to try everything else. The cook is really nice too.
First review below three stars...awkward. Let me say that I feel bad, since this seems like a nice operation.  But guilt doesn't alleviate the fact that my half and half was served on what my friend called "crouton bread."  It was so hard it was almost painful to eat and left every bite flavorless.  The oyster was good, once i decided to pick it out and eat it separately.  But for the $6.25 you pay, two decent mouthfuls are not sufficient.  Also, $6 for a soda and chips?  Listen, I know you have a shtick to promote, but I can get Zapp chips at Bierkraft for half the price. Overall, just another exorbitantly-priced Manhattan sandwich shop that survives off the snowball effect of favorable hipster reviews.
I'm salivating just thinking about the chicken biscuit. It's soooo good. I went there during lunch and I only ordered the chicken sandwich. That was all I need to love this place. The lady behind the counter was really friendly. She let asking if my meal was good.  Good service! I seriously just can't get over the sandwich right now. My only complaint is that the 6.50 chicken sandwich won't really fill many people up. It was the perfect serving size for me but I don't eat much. I seriously eat so little. Whatever, it's still amazing.
I'm a big fan of breakfast sandwiches and have had a lot in my days, but let me tell you, the biscuit sandwich with eggs, salmon and meunster cheese was definitely one of my favorites. Was a little thrown off by the set up and decor, would have passed this restaurant by if I hadn't seen the other reviews.  But the sandwiches speak for themselves.  Definitely going to go back and try the po'boys.
On a recent trip to New York, I found myself at Cheeky Sandwiches on my last day. I had seen the chicken biscuit sandwich on yelp and I wanted to try it out. When I went to the restaurant it was a little hard to find because the sign wasn't all that visible. It's on the window above the door. When I peered inside the door it appeared to be a restaurant and I assumed I was at the right place. As I entered I was directed to the menu on pieces of paper near the cash. The place isn't super big, and it definitely isn't fancy, but the people there were quite friendly and welcoming. Probably some of the nicest people I met in New York actually. The chicken sandwich was yummy. The gravy was really peppery. The coleslaw helped bring a freshness and crunch. The chicken and biscuit was all good. I'd say the best thing about this place though besides the friendly staff, is the price. You'd be hard pressed to find many places to get a meal as good for 6.50 in New York. When they rang me up, they only charged me for the sandwich, but I had ordered some ben-yays as well. I reminded him that I had, and he told me they were on the house. Now that's great customer service! If I lived in New York, I'd definitely go back and try the other sandwiches.
Stopped by there this afternoon and really enjoyed the Pork sandwich.  Yes, it was a bit smaller than what I had expected for $8, but it was made up for in taste.  The pork was cooked perfectly, and the challa bread bun was soft and delicious.  The service was also excellent.  I live nearby so I'm sure I'll hit this place up again to try the other sandwiches.
Went here on Saturday . Hard to find no sign on the location but found it. The Cashier not so welcoming. I was super excited to go here because of the reviews. The biscuits are amazing. I would advise to get with honey! The Chicken and Biscuit was delish! I got 2 Chicken and Biscuit  and 2 biscuits and wow very good! I left one for Sunday morning and it taste even better then the day before! The guy cooking super nice but the Cashier was lacking a smile and a hi ! However, I would go here again because mmm mmm it is divine food!!!
Amazing.. Walked past it and almost missed it. Try the smoked salmon scramble with Muenster cheese on a buscuit!!
Chicken Sandwich I always knew I'd find my soulmate; it had never occurred to me till recent that it was a sandwich. I could write poetry that would make the Iliad sound like a children's book about this sandwich. Hannibal Lector would reconsider his palate have he had the chance to dine on this delicious sandwich. Alternate universes have religions devoted to this sandwich... Oh, how I envy them. When William Shakespeare wrote his first sonnet, he was thinking about this sandwich. Fun Fact: Romeo & Juliet was actually about this sandwich Where's Waldo? Thinking about this sandwich. Beyonce wishes she could put a ring on this sandwich. But she can't, because she'd eat it before the chance to propose. The Holocaust wouldn't have existed, if Hitler ate this sandwich. Some people wish they could be reincarnated into this sandwich. Game of Thrones is a great show. That has nothing to do with this sandwich. The entire cast however, love this sandwich. World Peace: This Sandwich My Girlfriend (less than symbol) This Sandwich Los Pollos Hermanos made more money from this sandwich than selling drugs Lenore from The Raven was actually a sandwich he finished Adele finished her sandwich & then wrote "Rolling In The Deep" I made out with a twin. That only happened because I ate this sandwich. *High Five* YOU are going to eat this sandwich.
Great vibe; great food; friendly, enthusiastic, charming owner....what more could you want?
This little hidden Gem packs a large punch with taste. Take out only the space is a little cramped to eat in with only two tables inside.... But these small sandwiches are packed with flavor... They offer you water while you wait!! the costumer  service is A1!!!
I loved this. Place. It is a very tiny hole in the wall place, that can be easily missed but it is amazing. I had the oyster po boy....so delicious. I highly recommend it. Go. Now. and top it off with a benyay
This is a small sandwich shop that has minimal seating and a surprising amount of board games!  There was only one person working which made it pretty slow, but we were in no rush and this place gives off that southern "your food will take awhile but it'll be worth the wait" vibe.  I actually had 3 sandwiches (I'm a sucker for sampling) and liked them all!  The chicken is a must try and yes, it is massive!  Lots of crispy fried chicken under a biscuit with yummy gravy.  I liked the vinegar cabbage slaw that came on top for that extra zing!  My favorite sandwich was the challah beef with horseradish.  You could actually fit normal sized bites into your mouth (wasn't stacked high) and it was tender and flavorful with a kick of spicy!  I tried my friend's fried oyster po-boy and it had good flavor but I just am not a fan of of po boy bread.  Tastes like stale subway bread! Also, this guy came into and bought a bag of chips and left.  We found it odd to come into an awesome sandwich spot and only get chips.  Of course we had to try them!  I can't remember the flavor but it was a mix of salt and vinegar and bbq--must try!!
I loved them. I met Eric and the chef on my first visit. They were very friendly. Aside from their hospitality, the food was AWESOME!! I planned on only eating a half and half po'boy but got an additional shrimp to share with my friend, which ended up becoming mine after I ate my first sandwich. We were given complimentary ben-yahs lol. I was in heaven. I wanted to order 20 more but my trainer would've killed me. I'm heading back for more since my trainer is out of town lol...sorry Krystal! I had an awesome time and the food was awesome. Can't ask for anything more!
I finally made the trip here to try the shrimp po' boy. I used to live in New Orleans, so I've been scouring New York for a good shrimp po' boy ever since. The shrimp po' boy at Cheeky Sandwiches is pretty damn good - not quite on the same level as some of the famous NOLA places (e.g. Parkway Po' Boys), but probably the best you'll find in New York. The one disadvantage is the disappointing portion size (which I believe many others have commented on already). I was still hungry enough after the po' boy to eat another sandwich from a nearby deli. So yeah, I'll be back again. Just be aware that this place is cash only, so don't linger for your food and then pull out a credit card when it's time to pay. There are ATMs at either end of the block.
I was looking for cajun/creole as well as a new good lunch place nearby SOHO. It was worth it. The atmosphere of the place was great, and very friendly staff with good food. Thee food was even better than I expected. I tried Chicken Sandwich, with fried chicken, buttermilkbiscuit with cole sraw, and gravy. I think price was good deal as well. Their coffee was chicory, which is another thing I wanted to have, was good as well. Although I didn't try, ginger tea looked very good, too. I'll definitely go back to this place often and strongly recommend the place.
um WOW?!!?!?!? This is definitely one of those hole in the wall type of places that are so obscure you'll probably walk past it 10 times and not notice it. The chicken sandwich is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!! The oyster poboy was delicious too, but the chicken sandwich is what YOU have to order. Not to be missed!!!
Sandwiches are smaller than what you'd get in NO, but I've got to say, the flavor is perfectly there. That's what matters, right? Thumbs up for the awesome Cafe-du-Monde coffee.
Half/Half Po'boy was bangin', the chicken biscuit was finger lickin' good. Very friendly. Not a lot of choices for drinks, they do offer you lukewarm tap water. Not a lot of seating, not for big groups. Maybe stop by for a quick bite.
I can't say enough good things about Cheeky's! This tiny sandwich shop has delicious chicken biscuits, a great selection of Zapp's chips, and super friendly service. Plus complimentary beignets - yum!
First of all, i love the atmosphere and facade of this place.  It makes the experience of eating here that much better. I made a trip to NY with the goal of going to try the fried chicken biscuit sandwich.  I wouldn't be satisfied if I didnt get my hands on it.  And i was not disappointed!  I thought there was a good combination of flavors from the biscuit and the gravy and I liked the texture of everything combined.   We also got the "Sea" 1/2 shrimp and 1/2 fried oyster po boy.  To be honest I've had better shrimp po boy, and I don't think I like fried oysters (so my opinion on the oyster po boy would be unreliable).   The chicken sandwich is definitely worth the cost.  the next time I go, I will probably get some "ben-yays"
HORRIBLE! We followed the advice of YeLp and were deceived! We tried the chicken sandwich and the po boy and they were both BAD BAD BAD! The chicken was soggy and had the taste of old oil and the po boy sandwich was overwhelmingly covered in hot sauce which took over the sandwich but still didn't disguise the fact that the shrimp were unseasoned and flavorless. What a waste of time and money. No wonder the place has no sign, i wouldn't want to identify myself either if my food sucked that bad. Never again!
One word to describe the Beef sandwich: moist.  The brioche was moist, the challah bread was awesome, the acidity of the tomato's intensified the umami of the braised short ribs, and the horseradish sauce and arugula added some grassiness to it all.  At $8, it's a little pricey for a small sandwich but it's enough for a small meal if you're not feeling ravenous.  I like the fact that the menu isn't overwhelming and it seems like, according to everyone else, all the items are well made. Service is friendly and there is some (but def. not a lot) of counter seating.  There's also a table in the corner.  Wouldn't recommend coming in with a large group but if you're getting take-out, then hey, so what? The store is pretty cute, and a fun surprise in kind of a random area (really lower Orchard St.)
This is one of those neighborhood places that you must love for exactly what it is. Don't expect anything and you will leave satisfied every time. I take that back... You can always expect incredibly wonderful, friendly service and delicious food!
So happily surprised! My cousins brought me here saying that they had amazing sandwiches. Upon walking in, I questioned the place as it was quite a snug fit on the inside. I was instructed to get the chicken biscuit and I'm so happy I listened.... it was delicious! Fresh homemade buttermilk biscuit, friend chicken, gravy, & coleslaw. We topped off our sandwiches by ordering a few beignet orders which was a great way to end our meal. I was in southern food coma upon leaving, but it was all worth it! The restaurant, like I mentioned is small. They have a few seats at the bar and one table at the front that can fit about 5-6 people.  I love the ambiance and the random signs, cafe du monde canisters, and art on the walls. It was a rustic Louisiana theme! The staff were really friendly and talked to us/gave recommendations. I will definitely be coming back here!
Awesome place! It's tucked away in a less populous part of Chinatown but definitely worth seeking out. They have creative and delicious sandwiches at great prices, which is always a plus for a college student. Also, the guy working there gave us free beignets (spelled "ben-yays" on the menu). We'll definitely be back!
We had such a good time at this sandwich joint last night! The shrimp Po-boy was the best we've had since visiting NOLA. The sandwiches are a bit small, but flavorful, good price too. We also got complimentary beignets. Nicest people and best food.
yes, order sandwiches from cheeky's for any event. they are great to work with, easy and delish. my party was raving over the sandwiches and asked where they can get them.. so happy that i ordered from here. i didn't realize they were a Louisiana thing, but makes sense with the deep fried chicken on a biscuit sandwich. LOVED the braised rib sandwich, and the SHRIMP? to die. the best. will definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone looking for a southern comfort, but GOOD sandwich shop. bravo.
The short rib and chicken sandwiches were delicious! The beignet was ok, tasted just like a zeppoli, I'm not a big fan of those. But, the service here is warm and friendly and everything was made fresh. I was told it gets really crowded here but there wasn't anyone around when I went. I will definitely be passing through again!
they put ketchup on their po'boys. be warned. bread is flown up from nola, though.
Chicken biscuit! Holy crap! We found this randomly while doing a "food tour" (our own sampling of random stuff) in Chinatown. We saw the reviews and the pictures of the sandwich and SOLD. We almost walked by. The address is 35 but there is some other business that also shares the address that has a bigger sign. If you are not looking hard, you will walk by this place. Ordered a chicken biscuit sandwich to share. O.M.G. I love fried chicken, gravy, biscuits and slaw so this was like heaven. The gravy was a white gravy and loaded on the sandwich (but somehow not making it soggy). The biscuit was awesome. The chicken was juicy. The purple cabbage slaw was just the right amount sour and perfectly balanced the sandwich. Holy crap I want another one right now. The sandwich is a bit small but very rich so I think it's enough. Others have mentioned sharing the chicken and another one. Sounds like a good idea. The place itself has little seating. They have some board games (I saw Connect Four) which is cool. The bathroom was odd - it looked like an outhouse. Very low toilet (working my quads while squatting) and a pull cord to flush. The sink is outside the "outhouse". Plan to also use sanitizer maybe. I want to come back to try breakfast. Mmmm.
Love this place!  A few of us went here for lunch on a Friday afternoon, got a table, great service, and great sandwiches all for a reasonable price. I had the fried chicken with gravy on a biscuit which I highly recommend. My only regret is that I didn't get to try all their sandwiches. I'll definitely be back.
I'm from Nola, feels like home! Foods amazing, staff is nice. Get anything on a biscuit or beignets!!!
damn good sandwiches
Loved the friendly service and delicious (and I mean DELICIOUS) chicken biscuit sandwich! No words, my friends. NO WORDS
I don't like sandwich places. I don't like paying money for sandwiches. I make my own sandwiches. I have lots of ingredients and make them good. Not this day. This place took my money and I liked it. I walked some ways to get here and walked in circles before finding the front door. It was barely cracked open and only one guy was working. A good dude. I said it was my first time, he said the food was awesome. Sounds good to me. I wavered between the oyster-shrimp po' boy and the chicken sandwich. Said they were out of oysters so I went with the chicken, even though I was skeptical. Brought it home, opened it up. Looks small. Bit into it. Head exploded. Super-biscuit, amazingly salty chicken, complemented by some kind of radicchio slaw. I put it down and stared at it. Intense wave of sadness that I had to finish it and would have to walk all the way back to get another. Went to bed that night dreaming of sandwich. Went back less than a week later. Got the po' boy. Very tasty, not quite as mind-blowing and maybe less of a deal than the chicken, but still good. Wow, the chicken. I will go back again for the chicken.
Love this place!! I had the shrimp po boy yesterday...Amazing!! Before that I had the chicken sandwich...loved it!  Very casual, welcoming, unpretentious. Great service. I loved the bathroom too lol. If you are in the area please stop in and give a taste you won't regret it.
Sandwiches are tasty!! But the operation of the place could be smoother. My second visit, there were a couple of people already waiting for food, with one person behind the counter doing double duty making sandwiches and taking orders and cash. It was hard for me to even get his attention, and the food took a really long time after I eventually ordered. Otherwise promising though, tasty food, cool space etc. Hope they iron out the wrinkles!
Visiting this place reminded me why I am in love with New York City ! For the 10 minutes that I spent here -eating fried chicken sandwich, drinking unprocessed ginger ale , seating at the  charmingly authentic wooden table by the window, listening upbeat  jazz and chatting with  friendly staff - made me truly filled with feelings of joy and happiness. Thank you Yelp , without you I wouldn't have gone out of my way from China T to find this place. I will eagerly return.
Best damn sandwiches in town. A must try.
Great hole in the wall sandwich joint with soul in the LES. Split the chicken sandwich and the famous half oyster half shrimp po' boy. If you're by yourself and only getting one sandwich, definitely go with the half and half po' boy. The oysters and shrimp are delicately and lightly fried, placed atop a roll that is overnighted from Louisiana (dedicated to authenticity), and topped with a delicious slight spicy sauce and other goodness. The beignets were hard to pass up but really not up to par with the amazing sandwiches. They were too densely fried and completely doused in powdered sugar. Not a bad ending if you have a sweet tooth, but maybe get another beer or sandwich instead :)
There are only two good oyster poorboys in New York. Cheeky and also the take-out window at the Oyster Bar in Grand Central. Cheeky's is the closest to New Orleans flavors, and they know that to add the hot sauce as part of the seasoning. I only wish the owner would see the gem he's got and clean up the join a little, maybe add a few tables and make the kitchen look less like a bicycle storage area. But you can't beat the taste.
I'm definitely a fan.  I've eaten the half and half (half fried shrimp, half fried oyster) sandwich at this cash-only tiny spot a number of times and though I'd love to try a couple other sandwiches on the tiny menu in this tiny spot, I haven't been able to bring myself to it yet.  This really is reminiscent of some of the delicious sandwiches I've stumbled onto in New Orleans.  I just read that Cheeky might be expanding.  That would be a good thing, especially if it means they can upgrade the outhouse-style bathroom!
Delicious sandwiches! Got 25 delivered for the office. Ricardo was very helpful and accommodated our vegan order. Sandwiches and benyays arrived on time too! One sandwich was plenty for me, but just note that one sandwich may not be enough for a regular guy.
I had high expectation for cheeky based on the great reviews n kinda disappointed w the meal. Bf and I ordered the braised beef n pork sandwich to go.  Well maybe it's Bc I got it to go but the sandwiches were soggy and poorly constructed. Very messy to eat. The beef was good but not out if this world.  The pork was dry n my bf didn't enjoy it.  The portion is very small for the amt u paid. U will be left still hungry w just one! Ps. Like a yelper mentioned b4, the guy making the sandwiches was using the same gloves making the sandwiches n handling money! Not good!
an excellent selection of sandwiches - we tried the fried goat cheese po boy, and it was delicious. they also have shrimp, beef, pork, butter nut squash, and a daily special. as for dessert: the beignets. good location, great food, definitely worth a visit.
NYC I'm here this time around on holiday and plan on eating my way thru this city one meal at a time. Yelp brought me here. It was a 10 min walk from my flat which is within NY walking standards and the hours here are great. I love cheap eats! I had the chicken biscuit sandwich and a bag of ben-yays to go! The guy working this working was friendly and was cool about having my dog chill by the entry of the door. I really can't hate on this place, for the price point you can't go wrong! I was in an out in minutes. If you're in the area, stop by here! I'm a fan! Miss Yelp 2014
This place is amazing. Their chicken biscuit sandwich is scrumptious and all their veggie options are great too! If you're craving a sandwich..this is the place to go. Amazing service and great low-key ambience.
I am a self-proclaimed sandwich snob. I could eat sandwiches every day. Every single day for the rest of my life. I love them so much that I follow a blog that reviews a new sandwich in NYC every day. So, when they posted about a cozy little creole joint serving southern favorites,  I all but slammed my laptop shut and bolted out the door. If I wasn't looking for the address, 35 Orchard Street, I would have definitely missed it.  This little shop, which wasn't much larger than my studio apartment, could hold 10 patrons, tops. It was decorated like some little mom 'n' pop deli that you'd find deep in the bayou. Metal roofing covered the ceilings, seating consisted of a few red bar stools and some matching picnic benches, fresh flowers were placed in old beer bottles, and your meal was served wrapped in white craft paper. You can choose from a handful of New Orleans inspired sandwiches including a shrimp and oyster po' boy, a seared pork chop and mustard sandwich, or what I had, a fried chicken sandwich on a buttermilk biscuit. There's nothing over $8.50 on the menu, which I think is more than fair for a gourmet sandwich. The chicken had such a thick breading and was so heavily fried that it would make even Paula Deen blush. The perfectly fried chicken was placed inside the best buttermilk biscuit you've ever had, topped with pickled cole slaw and country gravy. I know what you're thinking, and no, I'm not kidding. It was perhaps the closest thing to heaven that I've ever eaten. I've never been so pleased with a sandwich in all of my sandwich eating days. It had so many of my favorite foods crammed into one little buttermilk biscuit. I wish that I could put into words just how good this sandwich was, but I don't think I can.   The missing star is a reflection of the less than spotless environment. I get that that rustic, chipped paint look it part of the charm, but I don't think the 1-inch think grease on the tables is.
u know what?...i really like this place. only had the pork and the chicken/biscuit sandwiches, and fried dough with powder sugar. but all of which i tried, was very yummy. the pork was a pretty thick cutlet, and same with the chicken. the homemade biscuit was awesome. the guys working there are super nice and attentive, and that's a rarity in nyc! also love the decor and the bathroom is really cool too.
A proper proper Po'bo of half fried oyster and shrimp. Ricardo does an exemplary job of both making the costumer feel at ease and providing great service. He went on to explain that the deliciously soft rolls are shipped over night from a bakery in Louisiana. Dedication. Highest remarks for Cheeky Sandwiches. Will be returning for the beef sandwich.
Gumbo was out of this world. Included an actual crab in it! Chicken biscuit was great and so was the po boy. Brings back memories of my favorite food place of NOLA.
There's definitely an attitude from this small sandwich shop in the Lower East Side. I'm not sure if "cheeky" would be the exact word I'd use, but it wouldn't be too far off. Most of the seating (such as it is) is at a long counter that overlooks the kitchen. A couple of other tables are jammed in the front, but the space is so narrow that maneuvering to the cash register or bathroom means passing or bumping into most of the other customers there. The staff has mastered the waiter's art of making conversation in a way that feels like genuine curiosity and not forced courtesy. It probably is. I was impressed at one man's ability to carry on six different conversations while also marshaling take out and eat in orders. My pork chop sandwich was worth $8. The meat was surrounded by crisp apples, spicy mustard and tangy onions. If I was feeling more gluttonous, I could have eaten two. Instead I just made some conversation, talking about the weather and the weekend, the food and the news, while taking care of the last few bites of my lunch, and heading out the door.
If you want a real taste of the south come here. Small portions, but packs and amazing punch. Go with the 1/2 1/2 Po Boy, or the Fried Chicken Biscuit, you wont be upset. Great root beers for sale if you like the taste, and good selection of chips as a side. Just dont forget cash.
This little shop is amazing. I had initially planned to go to the Hester Street Fair for lunch, but when nothing really caught my eye, I ended up finding Cheeky Sandwiches on Yelp and went. As a single eater, some restaurants are more fun than others and I would definitely come back here alone or with friends. I also ended up in there when they were filming some kind of documentary, so the server/bartender/cashier was particularly animated, although he seems like a generally nice guy. I ordered a pork sandwich on challah bread with carmelized onions and a beer. AMAZING! You also get free beignets! 5 stars for sure.
Sightly odd space, but you'll love the Poboys.  If you're familiar with poboys, though, you'll just wonder where the other half the one you're served is.
I love this place. The guys who work here are super cool and their food is amazing. I've only tried the chicken biscuit so far, but it has already convinced me as to how much awesomeness they put into their food. Seeing as I'm from the south and that I grew up on Chick Fil-A and Bojangles, I know my chicken biscuit...and this is quality chicken biscuit. End of.
This place is amazing. Sandwiches are superb, the space is great and the people working there are the coolest I have talked with in a long time. Definitely a little jewel in the LES
Finally, someone in NYC can make a great biscuit!  As stated before the decor reminds me of an embalmer's shed on the banks of the Pontchartrain, but the food and service make up for it. The chicken really does live up to the hype in the other reviews.  Crisp, peppery fried chicken covered in gravy and a tangy cabbage on a biscuit that is moist, tasty, and doesn't explode upon first bite.  Other spots could learn a bit from these gentlemen.  The pork was delicious also.  As I finish this I am contemplating running back over for another.
everybody who rates this place low because of its rustic interior needs to shattup and not ruin this place's cred because ITS ONE OF THE FEW CREOLE JOINTS in NYC, so please, don't tamper with it. also, portions too small? here's a suggestion: eat a few spoonfuls of mayonnaise before leaving your house.
I can understand why all my friends and coworkers have been telling me to go to this place. It is definitely a hole in the wall if you're not familiar with the neighborhood, but is worth searching for. I decided to try the two eggs with muenster and smoked salmon on a biscuit. The biscuit was buttery and soft and the smoked salmon tasted fresh. But the eggs? Oh man, they were cooked to perfection. It is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Everyone needs to give this place a try. I can't wait to come back here and try the other sandwiches when I have a chance. There was only one person working and it was empty during lunch hour, but it took about 10 minutes to make two sandwiches. Oh, I forgot to mention the coffee. COFFEE kept me WIRED and it was one of the best coffee I have had. Move over, Starbucks. *SIDE NOTE: they only accept cash.
I walked in and almost walked out immediately, because it's a pretty classic hole in the wall. But the service was superb and the sandwich (on a fantastic biscuit) was delicious, albeit a little small.
What a super cute, hole in a wall! Yes, you're going to need some muscles to get through the door, but once you're in, you're in for a real treat. The sandwiches are small, so either order two or come for a snack. I had the beef, sea (1/2 and 1/2) and chicken sandwiches. The boyfriend and i each had half of each and we were full...keep in mind he had a bowl of instant noodles before hand too. Of the three, chicken was definitely the best and most creative, beef creeping up behind and sea at the very end. I wasn't thrilled with the sea - worth trying once, but not having again. The chicken was amazing. Not dry, so flavorful and the biscuit really rounded out every bite. The beef was also flavorful and just melted in your mouth. I'm most definitely going to come back for more and will definitely be trying the pork one next. Super nice staff and every sandwich is made to order.
A real hidden gem for sandwiches at the edge of Chinatown. While the chicken didn't blow me away, the beef sandwich did; the chicken was a bit overly seasoned and messy to eat. Not too filling for the money, but it makes up for it in flavor. The soda is also reasonably priced. The service was very friendly both times that I've been here. Especially the first time, considering that I got there fifteen minutes before closing. I will definitely be eating here whenever I'm hungry and within a 3 block radius.
I was standing outside and couldn't find the place, so don't be ashamed to call them just to be sure you're in the right spot. It's a TINY storefront with minimal signage. -Anyway, the sandwiches are proportionately small yet meaningfully delicious. -Moving on, they make inexpensive beignets. Honestly, I wish they'd spend time to improve the beignet recipe and charge more for them because I love sugar and fried dough, but I want to eat phenomenal sugar on fried dough. These beignets are nothing to hoot aboot, but still decently tasty.
Without a doubt the best fried chicken sandwich I've ever had.
For our outing today, I had planned to check out Hester Street Fair with my little(big brothers, big sisters). However, there wasn't a huge vendor turnout on this particular Sunday so we went on a little food adventure in the area instead and stumbled into Cheeky Sandwiches! First of many spots for these two fatties. Anyway.. I'd been here once before exactly 2 years ago, according to foursquare. Definitely remember the sandwiches being excellent (I tried the chicken biscuit and shrimp poboy) but not sure why I haven't been back until today. It's a cute hole in the wall spot that is really easy to miss due to their lack of signage. There's not much seating available and it was super packed when we got there, but we found space along the narrow wall counter after being warmly greeted by the staff. Anyway, Vicky wanted to try the chicken biscuit so we split that. Man, it was as amazing as I remembered. The biscuit was warm, fluffy and buttery -- perfect vehicle for the ridiculously juicy chicken. The mildly tangy coleslaw added a nice crunch, and along with a generous slather of creamy gravy, tied the whole sandwich together. Splitting an already small sandwich, I devoured it in about 4 bites. If we had not planned on hitting up some other spots after, I would have totally gotten my own. Can't wait to come back and try their other sandwiches, specifically the braised short rib on challah bread, plus an order of those hot, scrumptious looking beignets they were whipping out!
My neighborhood "barbershop."
Leron's Lesson: Delicious, friendly, comfortable, tasty, perfect place for lunch. Full Review: I was here last week with a coworker and we literally had the best lunch ever. Their fried chicken sandwich literally made us simultaneously say "Holy $***" after the first bite. Seriously, it was that good. We also split a shrimp po' boy that was really tasty and had a nice spice to it. We also split some ben-yays that were awesome. The service was incredibly nice and warm, I can't wait to go here again. I sincerely hope that everyone reading this review goes to Cheeky Sandwiches because it's terrific.
yay! i'm a fan.  got the chicken and the grass sandwiches.  both great.
I went for the fried chicken sandwich and a bag of beignets. I sat outside in my car and made a mess of my black jacket as I dove right into the beignets before my sandwich...gotta eat them right away! My fried chicken on a biscuit was an exceptional tasty sandwich. Once I finished, I took three deep breaths, felt my chest just to make sure the heart was still pumping and drove back home...
i'm from the south, so i grew up on biscuits and fried chicken, even for early breakfast. the place is a little too shack-like, but the dudes are damn friendly.   get two fried chicken sandwiches.  and then order a third for later.  maybe they'll give you a free side of beignets.
Veggei muffaletta = good. Fine-diced pickled vegetables are intriguing. So is "ben-yay" Seems to be good for breakfast, will have to come by some time if I ever get manage to up that early.
This is a really charming hole in the wall sandwich joint. We ordered three sandwiches. The chicken biscuit was divinely good, perfectly seasoned chicken breast, gravy, slaw on top of a yummy biscuit. The short rib was nearly as good on challah bread. Only thing I wasn't crazy about was the veggie, a little too tangy for my taste. The owner was nice and friendly as well. I'll be back to try the po boy.
Cheekys! The best in New Orleans styled food and vibes. You will want to be best friends with Din the owner of the shop -- such a humble and talented guy and a good friend to every customer. Not to mention - the best fried chicken sandwich in New York. No joke.
very cute place inside and out. i loved the decor, the food, the warm staff. i wish i lived close-by, then i would be there every day!
A fine shrimp po'boy that really does taste like the ones i've had in NOLA. Fresh bread, shrimp that isn't overcooked, a little mayo and ketchup. I'll update after I get that chicken sandwich since it seems like the thing to get but the po'boy is a fine example of the type and if you're feeling like one but don't want to go down by the bayou, you should get it at cheeky.
So I walk in and am like what the??? Everyone has that person in the family who either is so frugal or thinks they are being artistic that they repurpose everything they can get their hands on for stuff in their home.  I'm guessing its that guy who designed the interior of this sandwich shop. Random pieces of wood and repurposed counters make sitting space for about 16 people in this tight spot.  However with just a couple beers on tap, limited menu and chill staff makes for a focused and fantastic food experience.  The sandwiches are really something special, braised beef was perfectly prepared and the chicken sandwich on a biscuit was like getting a slap of southern love in your mouth.  There are many great options in the LES for everything but few can touch this spot for its uniqueness and the bargain it offers.
I had the shrimp/oyster sandwich. It was delicious. The place is very small and cozy. There are tables and chairs if you choose to stay and eat. The staff was friendly and attentive.
Great sandwiches! Reasonably priced at 6-9 dollars. I liked the Fried Chicken Biscuit, the brisket, and the Shrimp po boy. My favorite has to be the fried chicken, covered in gravy, with some type of slaw. Very tasty, and at 6 dollars, it's one of the cheapest indulgences in NYC. Make sure to eat it freshly made at Cheeky, it gets soggy and falls apart by the time you take it home. The pork chop is a little too thick to be in a sandwich IMHO.
This place is what Yelp is all about.  A small, hole in the wall, no frills sandwich shop that is all about the food.  No way I would've found this place without checking Yelp and I'm glad I did.  Thanks Yelpers! Visited this past weekend late on a Sunday night with four friends.  Only one guy working in the kitchen greeted us with a smile.  We ordered two chicken biscuits to try out.  5 minutes later and he brings us three biscuits, one on the house!  The biscuits lived up to the hype. Chicken was crispy and flavorful, biscuit flaky and hot, and the picked slaw put it all together perfectly.   We finished them off quickly and said our thanks and goodbye to the worker, but he asked us to wait because he was making us some beignets to try!   I'll definitely be back next time I'm in NYC.
Ok, this one might sting a little bit... I got this place off the "The 10 Best Sandwiches in NYC Right Now, In GIFs" page so after a boat ride I convinced my starving wife we need to walk across Manhattan to try this place for the crispy chicken sandwich and it would be worth the wait. First of all, the inside is TINY, do not expect to bring a party of people here they had 1 table that could host maybe 5 people and bar stools for maybe 6 so defo a takeout joint. The crowd is mostly young, tougher indie/hipster types but we saw a variety of older people eyeball the place before moving on, its very very old and trashed, not sure why they don't clean it and slap a coat of paint on the outside and inside, maybe they are too busy as it it? I ordered our sandwiches while my wife went to the bathroom. BIG F^%#$@G MISTAKE. She didn't tell me until we ate our (Admittedly delicious but greasy ) sandwiches and left but the bathroom... I didn't see it myself but you can see from other reviews its 'boathouse style', 3rd world deal, which wouldn't have been a big deal if the staff cleaned the damn thing. She saw roaches scurrying over the dead bodies of other roaches, OK? I think if she told me that I would have took off because its not like its in another building, its right beside the kitchen so while it looks like they have passed their health inspection (Not sure how) they have to do pest control, reno and keep the bathroom clean. So while the sandwich was good (Even my awesome wife, after pooping with a moving floor, said the coating on the chicken was better than 20$ fried Chicken at Dizzy's coca cola), Ill give the food a 3/5 and the bathroom a -200 out of 5 and a giant fail, if I was them I would keep an eye out for the inspector, hes on his way.
Holy moly Batman! We have a winner! Cheap and delicious. I love it when I can use those two words to describe a restaurant. This little place on the edge of Chinatown serves delicious sandwiches in a chill, relaxed environment. Came in with a few friends over Labor Day Weekend and had no idea what to order. EVERYTHING sounded delicious! The guy behind the counter was extremely friendly and helpful since I was being so indecisive and steered me towards the Chicken Sandwich (which is something everyone MUST TRY). Life-changing! My biscuit was perfect - buttery and savory and slightly crispy on the outside. The chicken was fried but still tender and moist. Slaw and sauce were in perfect harmony. I actually planned to steal some of my friends beef sandwich but was so distracted with my own, I forgot! Yes, the sandwich was so good that it caused memory loss :P Last but not least, check out the little coloring book on the counter at the front of the store. It's full of "yo momma" jokes. Epic "yo momma" jokes. That is all.
This place is super easy to miss, but once you find it you'll be very happy. The staff are super friendly and the food is super yummy! The only downside is there isn't much seating inside, so you'll most likely be taking your food to go.
New Orleans themed sandwich shop in the middle of Chinatown?   Cheeky sandwiches has delicious, cheap sandwiches.  I want to sing their praises, but I also want to keep the place all to myself!  I *almost* wish I lived in the area so I could come here all the time.   The owner is from NOLA, and wanted to bring a taste of home to NYC.  They have a chicken biscuit, po-boys, and the reason I found the place -- beignets!  The menu is small and curated, and everything is made fresh to order.  The shrimp po-boy was good (not as big as you might expect if you're from NOLA) and the pork sandwich is delish but super spicy.  The beignets hit the spot for me. They also serve Cafe du Monde chicory coffee and Fitz's sodas (yay St. Louis!).  If you're from the south and craving a taste of home, or just looking for something new or cheap, add Cheeky to your to-eat list!
Maybe it's all the 4 and 5 stars reviews from yelp, maybe J praised abit about it before I got to try it, maybe it's my health conscious state of mind; my experience failed to my expectation of this tiny cute sandwich shop. we ordered three sandwiches, chicken, pork and beef.   Chicken was fried w batter which was soft served in a buttery buscuit, juicy and tender, soaked w oil and butter, it was almost too heavy for me. Pork sandwich came w a whole generous piece of pork chop, I like the spicy mustard sauce in it more than the pork chop itself. lastly, beef sandwich was very flavorful, but i don't like the fact the texture of beef was all mashed, not exactly like ground beef, shallat bread was toasted and soaked w butter. I wish we had order a veggie sandwich as J persisted I should try the first 3, I had couple of bite on each and just couldn't take more of them! guys serving and making the sandwich is very friendly, setting of the place is really cute, couple of small wall seatings and a big table by the window that can accomondate maybe max 5 people.  there's varieties of interesting drinks, beer and wine.  I also tried zapp's potato chips and was not impressive. I will prob go back to try their veggie sandwich.
Came here summer 2013, best chicken sandwich / biscuit ever. Was looking at old IG picture and I drooled. Place is a little hard to find and small though.
Dude. The sandwiches are beyond bangin'! And to prove it, my pals and I sat down, ate, and left not once but twice in the span of one hour! My faves? Fried chicken w/ biscuit and the shrimp po-boys! Fantastic! The gentleman in the bowtie is not only easy on the eyes, but super friendly too.
SUCH a fantastic place! Came here with le bf cause after we finished watching an episode of American horror story coven Besides it being set in New Orleans there was no other connection to that and feeling Nola food haha! Anyways! Back to place, this place is nestled in a very random place, no other food shops next to it in a dark street and so tiny I nearly missed it but once inside it was even smaller! But it had such a lovely shack like interior. Loves it!!! We went on a Sunday night at 7pm so it wasn't crowded. We got the: Chicken biscuit: the Fried chicken inside was  great! Not a fan of the biscuit though it was hard! But the chicken inside is yum! Beef sandwich: fabulous!!!! The beef was major flavorful and I love soft bread so the bread this was in was greeeeatt! A must! po boy sandwich: OMG best thing of the night so we ordered TWO. My bf even wanted to order a whole one by himself... The oysters were fresh and juicy and the bread omg! so I hate hard bread like baguettes but this bread was soft and perfect! So I inhaled that po boy the only thing was it was sooooo spicy (duh) and while usually I'm meh with spicy this was good spicy. Another MUST GET!!!!! Beignets: ordered two as well OMG out of this world melt in your mouth, it's these little fried dough balls which is FAAAAABOLOUUUSSS! Too good it was dusted with powdered sugar too. Good Service was FAABBB too! We thought our cook looked like a taller version of Bruno Mars, he was such a dear! Southern hospitality I say! Great guy. Anyways A MUST GO for the beef, oyster po boy and beignets. Should've taken a bunch to go but it's not the same! Gotta eat it there and fresh!
Loved the sandwiches here!   The restaurant itself is easy to miss (look for the bright blue door!) and very tiny. We had the beef short rib and legendary chicken & biscuit sandwiches.  Both were made to order and delicious!  The beignets were the perfect sweet ending (only $1 for an order of 3!)
It was like I was on a scavenger hunt for the perfect N'awlins sandwich. My Yelp app map was homing in on its beacon. Beep. Beep. Beep. All the way to Chinatown with its nondescript storefront. First off, I didn't know what to choose. All the sandwiches sounded great. But as I usually do, I hadn't eaten all day, so I needed something beefy.  Braised Short Rib, spicy horseradish sauce, arugula, cherry tomatoes, on buttered & toasted challah bread. AWWWW SOOKIE! Guy behind the counter asked me if I was from New Orleans. For a second, I thought I was. That sandwich almost had me speaking in tongues. Of course I couldn't leave without trying the Chicken Biscuit. That I took to-go with an order of Ben-Yays... the teeny tiny babies of beignets. Okay, I'm going to be honest even though it'll make me look like a complete pig. That Chicken Biscuit didn't even make it home. So good. Spicy, perfectly deep fried chicken breast with crispy slaw. *Groan* Good food is always accompanied by sex noises. The location is out of the way and there isn't much desirable seating (oh there are benches aplenty, but more decorative than useful). But I will make the effort to return. The guys behind the counter are just too friendly not to see them again.
This is one of those hidden gems I usually like to keep to myself. Unfortunately based on all the positive Yelp reviews the secret is out about this place. This place is very unassuming. No fancy signs out front, you would miss the place if you weren't looking for it. But let me say, you don't want to miss this place. The menu is simple but the flavors are complex. This is a quaint little place with seating for about 15 if you don't mind sitting on the benches against the wall. It's cozy, but in a good way. The staff is Über friendly. Masters of their trade. I had the Seafood Po Boy with a mix of half oysters and half shrimp ($8.50). With lettuce and hot sauce served on top the flavor was amazing. I loved it, highly recommended. O.k. I realize I'm starting to rant here but I really enjoyed my meal here. The icing on the cake was their selection of cold draft beers, three choices. My favorite was the IPA. Friendly staff, reasonable prices, amazing food, it's a winning combination. This one that's on the top of my "must return" list.
Randomly got dragged here by a couple of friends and got a chicken biscuit thrown in my face upon entering. After biting into it, that may be in my top 5 welcomes. The biscuit went down buttery smooth and the fried chicken was cooked to a perfection with a great balance of breading and juicy meat. The gravy was just...gravy! I also had a couple of their beignets, which were also scrumptious. I didn't have anything else, but I will be back to try the rest of the menu if it's as good as that chicken biscuit.
You could only find a place as cool as this in NYC.  I had the chicken sandwich, and an order of beignets.  Both were top notch.   As good as the food was, which was really, really good, my favorite part was the decor!   Go there!!!  You must try, you won't be sorry!
You can't go wrong with either the beef on challah or the fried chicken on a fresh homemade biscuit.  The staff is always super nice and informative.   Also, while you're down there, check out the bathroom.  It's wild.
I've been going to Cheeky's whenever I'm in the neighborhood since it opened. I actually haven't tried most of their sandwiches, mostly because the chicken sandwich is just really really good, and I can't not order it. The owner who is awesome isn't around much anymore which is a drag, but the guys working there are always really nice. If you're not lucky enough to grab the table up front seating isn't the best. One of these days I'll remember which way to turn the sink faucet in order to not blast water everywhere. Is it healthy? Heck no. Is it delicious? Heck yes. Viva Cheeky's.
HOLE IN THE WALL shop, the perfect place to have a CHICKEN BISCUIT MMmmm & breakfast is served ALL day! the workers here are very relaxed & chill, they suit the atmosphere well! --chicken biscuit: YUMMY the biscuit was light & fluffy on the inside + crispy on the outside just the way biscuits should be (these biscuits are made in-HOUSE) & the fried chicken was peppery.. went well w/ the pickled veggies --seafood po boy: you can get half shrimp/half oyster if you want to try both!! i didn't think there was enough seafood in this one, so i'd stick to the chicken biscuit CASH ONLY, pay before OR after your meal NOTE: there are only a few counter seats & one table inside, so most people were taking their meals to-GO & use the bathroom.. you'll feel like you're in a log cabin haha
After two years of living in New York, this former southerner has found a restaurant that has hands down perfected the chicken biscuit/sandwich. Originally found by googling for places to find Po Boys in NYC, Cheeky's is now my favorite place to spend lunchtime on a Sunday. Nestled neatly on Orchard Street, you might pass right by it unless you're looking for a seemingly signless spot that appears to have been transported from New Orleans, post Katrina. As previously mentioned, the Chicken Biscuit is simple and perfect. A delicious biscuit, sweet pink cole slaw, white gravy and Crispy Fried Chicken. (Although the biscuit was a bit well done the second time around, it didn't hinder the flavor.) The Shrimp Po Boy is exactly what you're looking for if you're longing for the taste of Burbon Street. Also... Bite size Cafe Du Monde style beignets are available while you wait for your sandwich. The place is small so there isn't much room, but if you can sit at the table which was once a Winn Dixie sign, sip a Root Beer and take pleasure in chowing down at one of the best sandwich places in the city. Definitely my favorite.
** 3.5 stars ** Adorable shack of a restaurant in LES, on a quiet block near the edge of Chinatown, serving up a small menu of New Orleans style casual eats. Slim and ramshackle, Cheeky's is almost take-out only, as kitchen and order counter dominates most of the space.  A group of 4 - 5 can fit into a larger table by the window, but it is otherwise not well-suited for groups; the only other seating are four bar seats by the door and a plank against the wall with two benches across from the order counter, where getting jostled by crowds ordering out or people in transit to/from the bathroom is a given.  Seems best for take-out or a quick eat. Their menu is perched at the order counter: a selection of sandwiches, a few sides, and some drinks.  The six sandwiches, which range $6.50 to $8.50, feature primary ingredients of chicken, beef, pork, veggies, or seafood.  The NOLA/Southern nod is to their fried chicken on biscuit, and seafood poboys, and they also have beignets (spelled here the way it sounds: Ben-Yay's), bread pudding, chicory coffee, Zapp's chips, and Big Shot soda on offer.  There's a muffuletta but veggie only, which seems blasphemous but caters better to the neighborhood; a pity they don't do a version of the real thing.   There's a few beers on tap and a housemade ginger tea, which has a strong ginger flavor if little else; refreshing and a good choice if one likes ginger, but I'll pass. Two trips to NOLA later, I am still searching for the perfect poboy.  Cheeky's is not it, but theirs is decent.  Available in shrimp or oyster, or half of each, the seafood is well-fried, with a crisp and substantial yet light breading.  The crispy, airy loaves are shipped from NOLA.  It is dressed with lettuce, tomato, mayo, pickles, and some hot sauce.  In every way, it is what it should be but the seafood doesn't assert via freshness, size, nor quantity and for the price, could be more generously added on. Best is their very satisfying fried chicken with gravy and cole slaw on a biscuit; well done on all counts and a perfect snack size.  Just as good is the braised short rib sandwich, tender and flavorful with the zing of horseradish and arugula on challah bread. Their beignets are fried up in two-bite pieces, served hot and freshly fried.  Reasonably good, although not quite the ratio of exterior to interior I prefer with the  larger versions.  Bread pudding is good, dense yet soft, fragrant and not too sweet. A cute place for a meal around $10.  Portion sizes hover between snack and meal.  Not precisely cheap for what you get, but not too bad overall.  A good taste of NOLA, in a city that doesn't have too many similar eateries.  Cash only.  Oh, and do visit the outhouse-style bathroom.
Holy Cow I love this place.  There was no sign outside and the store front is a bit dingy so you can easily pass this place by but you better not.  I had the chicken biscuit  sandwich which was unbelievable.  The biscuit was just how i like it, little crunchy on the outside and puffy on the inside, the chicken was fried up with some kind of cajun spice that gave it a little kick.  The cole slaw was zesty and gave it a really nice crunch and the gravy made each bit moisty.  It is a perfect morning, noon or night sandwich.  Also had the shrimp Po Boy which was equally unbelievable. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu! Also have to mention they take cash only but its pretty cheap eats IMO
Fried Chicken on a flaky buttery biscuit, hot puffy beignets, local microbew on draft, Done Deal. The place is one of those places with just great food for a simple price. Cheekys delivers great quality in a modest, hole-in-the-wall location. Sandwich: Chicken was buttermilk battered, accompanied with a purple cabbage slaw and a nice spread of gravy.   The chicken is not the moistest, but it didn't brother me with the balance of gravy and yummy slaw.  The sandwich is on the small side, but each bite carries so much character and quality that eating two would be excessive in my opinion. Beignets: First of all, I am no sweet tooth.  But the hot puffy dough and hint of powder sugar won me over completely.  For just $1.00, they can easily cost you $10 at a restaurants.  I saw a little girl came in with her mom for a quick snack of beignets.  Happiness for all ages. Beer:  Just awesome they have beer on draft, especially a local microwbrew. The place is tiny and I've heard it is usually pretty crowded? The day we went it was pretty empty which was nice.  It allow us to chat up with the friendly server behind the counter.  He spilled that the owner will be opening a joint in Greenpoint within the next few months that is going to specialize in Patty Melt.  Can't wait!
Had a chance to try Cheeky Sandwiches today at the Winter Garden - World Financial Center - as they took part in a Sea Food Festival - featuring tons of seafood restaurant/vendors... and I always check out these events.. since I work at the WFC. brookfieldplaceny.com/Ne… Went with the Shrimp Po Boy with Chips - $8.50. Results: 1) My po boy could have used a bigger handful of shrimp...although very tasty..and well seasoned! 2) It wasn't "fully dressed"... It had a tiny squirt of mayo.. no hot sauce. - I had to add my own mayo/hotsauce upon getting back to my desk 3) My bread was cold.... 4) I didn't have tomatoes.. just a few slivers of lettuce 5) My handful of chips were scant.. while others had more.. yes I noticed. 6) I'm still hungry Observations: I know it's a crammed space...and the lines were really long - and the pressure is on to get the food to us quickly - but I'd rather you take your time to make sure each sandwich is dressed well....and filled well.. for $8.50.. I would have appreciated a bit more seafood ... I had more bread than shrimp - and I've noticed many people saying the same on other reviews here on yelp - and elsewhere. Perhaps its a better experience when prepared in house. Also - PLEASE - Don't keep the wonderful bread that you guys have flown in from New Orleans  - on the floor  - in plain sight... * I don't care that its in a plastic bag.... it just doesn't look right.... and from what I've read... you guys are too cool for that...Remember.. in an open air forum - we see everything. Overall - I think you all did a great job today... not sure how many outdoor events you have done... but I know you will get better and better.. Shout out to the super friendly cashier/woman.... who helped keep it all going smoothly. Hope to try a better filled po'boy from you in the future.. and that delicous chicken biscuit sandwich I keep reading about....
Fried Chicken on a flaky buttery biscuit is so good. The chicken is tender and juicy. Beignets is a great deal as well. It tastes like a doughnut, but more resilient than doughnut. Especially, their simple price!!
This place is the truth!  After riding my bike from the Bronx, being part of a biking accident, and maneuvering the streets of Chinatown on my mountain bike, I treated myself to a chicken biscuit and po'boy.  Both sandwiches were awesome, as were the beer and staff.  I will be back to go through the menu.   Don't sleep on Cheeky Sandwiches.  So what if it's small?  we go for slammin sandwiches.
I really, really, REALLY wanted to like this place. I came salivating for an oyster po'boy. This is what I got: - Crappy bread (like seriously, you get better at Subway) - Lots of lettuce shreds - Unripened tomato slices - Nice sharp cocktail sauce - REALLY GOOD, crispy breading - Canned/not fresh oysters - Beignets that are a mouthful each. Yummy, but not actually beignets. If you're going to put that much effort into doing an authentic po'boy fry-up (and charge me $8.50 for it) why use crappy seafood? Uggh, so disappointing. The sandwich is two stars, the beignets 3.5 or 4...so I'll settle somewhere in the middle.
This place gets it right.  Great service, good food & prices.  I had the shrimp po'boy ($8), it was good and seemed really authentic.  I'm definitely going to have to come back again and try the fried goat cheese sandwich too.  Also tried their biscuits, and yum is all I can say about it.  I was going to order Ben-yays, but we got a order on the house, which I thought was classy on their part. ** Fun houseboat style bathroom **
I had such high hopes for this place and hoped that I had finally found a place with a good oyster po'boy. The service was good but the po'boy was not. The bread did not taste very fresh (which might be what ruined it for me) - and the oysters didn't really seem to have any "meat" - I could really only taste the breading.  On a positive note, service was good, as mentioned above, and the beignets were really good. A lot of the other offerings (i.e. biscuit sandwiched) looked delicious - so I think I just ordered the wrong thing. I'll probably give this place another chance but I'll definitely order something else.
Wowowowowow. This place is ah-mazing. It's so small that you can pass by it so easily (which I did), but the food was truly top notch and great quality. I ordered the chicken sandwich and the biscuit bread was like it was fresh out of the oven. The chicken was crunchy and well-seasoned. Last but not least, the coleslaw and gravy helped pull it altogether in one delicious bite. Altogether, it was $6.50. Not to mention, I then ordered the ben-yays, and they were made to order. Fried and doughy sprinkled with ample powdered sugar, they were delicious and such a good deal! $1 for 3 benyays!!!! I don't usually try a place twice, but this place, I will definitely come back for again. Not to mention, the guy working the counter was super nice and helpful. I started talking to him and it turns out that he helps run the place with a couple of friends. I asked why he kept the prices low, and he told me he wanted to make it accessible to all, which was really nice and I really appreciated that. Please come to this place and support it! The food is definitely worth a try!!!
The Chicken Biscuit may very well be one of the finest cheap eats in Manhattan. Don't believe me? Wiggle your little tush to the border of Chinatown/LES and tell me I'm wrong. It's cool, I'll wait. Waiting... You're back - so you concur? Thought so. It's hard to find inexpensive eats in this city unless there's a NYC Health Score of C in the window, so it's refreshing to have access to a remarkable sandwich at a price that won't cause your financial planner to quit on you. This here Chicken Biscuit sandwich is freshly deep fried after ordering, sits between two delicious biscuits (well, one biscuit cut in half), and it's smothered in cole slaw and gravy. Surely it won't help attain your beach body, but your inner fat kid will (attempt to) jump for joy. It's a real hole in the wall, so if it looks like you're lost, you're in the right place.
Delicious chicken sandwich, particularly the biscuit, which was baked to perfection, but I was starving when I got there so I'll have to go back to re-evaluate because everything tastes great when you're super hungry. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Place is small and cannot seat large groups, but it's great if you need a quick bite or if you're ordering to go. Not the cheapest in Chinatown but still reasonably cheap.
Really good New Orleans place with mostly sanwitches like the "chicke biscuit" with is a piece of fried chicken on a soft buscuit bread with gravy and what lookes like pickled cabbage. To drink I had one of there sodas (Strawberry) and it was soft and refreshing and really worth it over all this place is worth stoping by and eating here, the chicken busicuit is about $5.00 bucks  each . The have other things here but the chicken biscuit was recommended to me by someone. The staff is nice and they get your food to you pretty quick and even though it is small inside and seating is limited most times people eat quick here and leave fast enough for you to find space or you can sit by the area you order in a tiny wooden bench and table. The place is really cool inside and there is some nice writting inside and pictures, the food speaks for it self and I think is another most stop while in NY.
If you aren't actively looking out for this place, you WILL miss it. Literally a hole in the wall. With a janky door that doesnt quite open all the way. The environment and the workers here are all super chill. TINY place with a very interesting vibe.. Cash only, pay before or after, dont really matter to them. CHICKEN BISCUIT IS BOMB DOT COM. Biscuit is crispy on the outside, nice and fluffy on the inside. Fried chicken was spot on... flavorful, crispy, and MOIST. Seafood po-boy... ehhh, it was alright, but if I come back, itll be for the chicken biscuit.. they have perfected it and it blows away errything else on the menu.
Cute store, cool staff, flavorful food.  The beef sandwich was so much juicier and tasty than I was expecting.  Served on challah bread which worked really well.  And 3 Ben-yay's aka fried dough balls for $1, can't go wrong there.  New Orleans decorations all over adds a nice touch.  With such a small menu I almost have to come back to try the rest.
Are you hung over? Do you need something hot and fresh and real good? Are you not hungover and just hungry? Come to Cheeky's! This tiny little food closet on Orchard is legit. With all due respect to Mr. S B, who's review of the place itself is accurate, I'll stand up for the food. I haven't dealt with the garbage problem there, but let's call it grungy in an authentic way. I mean, this is the LES and let's just congratulate them on not being a gallery. It does say on their menu no substitutions or whatever, but it does seem a little ridiculous to refuse to accomodate one single person (what if it was an allergy??) Though I can respect maintaining the integrity of the items you serve. My hangover cure came in the form of their fried chicken biscuit. Yes, it's a mess, but when you eat anything with fresh fried chicken and gravy, that should be forgivable. Piled with purple pickled cabbage, the fried chicken has a suuuper mild kick, but let's just call it flavor. and for $6.50, I wouldn't call this homemade jam overpriced. Anyway, stop in and get some grub.
It's definitely authentic kind of New Orleans. COST: The sandwiches cost about 8.00 - 9.00 each. They do have a few beer kegs. Not sure of the cost per pint. SITTING: There is almost nowhere to sit. One table for 6 and a few places around the walls and counters. FOOD: I had the beef rib sandwich which was very good, on sliced bread. I'd have it again. So it has less carbs than the friend oyster sandwich with the big french bread. I tried the fried oyster sandwich. I wasn't super fond of the dressings on the fried oysters, but I did like the beef rib sandwich enough to want to go back sometime if I am in the area. The sandwiches given to you rolled up in waxed paper, no plates, utensils, etc. THE PLACE: It's a complete dive with windows that are barely holding onto the wall with removable hooks. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, because there really isn't likely going to be a place to sit down. You are probably going to have to take it with you or outside. STARS: I give it 4 stars for the money with the understanding that it's a dive with good / fast food and probably not much place to sit or to chill out for a while.
LORD JESUS!!  For my 300th Yelp review I am honored to share with my nine loyal yelp fans a very special place.  On an unassuming and incredibly character filled span of Orchard Street sits this little hole in the wall called Cheeky Sandwiches.  I suggest you stop whatever you are doing and run to Cheeky for the best chicken sandwich of your life! You think Chick-fil-A is the best? This chicken sandwich blows theirs out of the fucking water.  I will deconstruct the sandwich and then give you a few personal impressions: 1.  Incredible homemade biscuit placed on griddle (they also sell just the biscuit with jam in the mornings). 2.  Marinated chicken, breaded or floured, and then deep fried to order. 3.  Red cabbage soaked in vinegar (this gives great texture and cuts the richness). 4.  Cream based gravy put on top of the chicken. 5.  Each element is thoughtful and delicious on its own, but put everything together and you are transported to a special place...umami heaven! 6.  When I die (which may be soon, if I keep eating here), I want to be reincarnated as a kosher chicken (gots to keep it real) and then promptly slaughtered and made into a Cheeky chicken sandwich...THAT GOOD! 7.  Only $6 for the chicken sandwich and only a 5 min walk from my apt...bring on the morbid obesity, you don't scare me. 8.  Any place that does not serve diet soda, I generally despise, as this usually indicates the joint is run and frequented by annoying skinny hipsters...true, this place does not have diet bevs and is owned by a male model, but the people who run it are actually really nice and not obnoxious at all. 9.  I have not even tried their po' boys yet!   10.  They have made to order beignets (3 for $1)...so basically, this short clip sums up my feelings about Cheeky Sandwiches: youtu.be/VztoDZm4Gzk and this clip too (nothing to do with this review, but it chokes me up every time): youtu.be/v6bD23vEigE
WoW! Super extra delicious! A modest hole in the wall that might easily be overlooked but the incredible aroma will pull you in and overtake all your senses. The background jazz playing is very relaxing and not overpoweringly loud. The down home Deep South look was visually appealing like you were visiting an older southern relative. I tried the chicken & gravy on a biscuit and 1/2 an oyster po-boy. As good as the po-boy was, the chicken was my favorite and as I write this I really want another.
I was in desperate need of a sandwich for my 5 hour bus ride to DC. I did a quick Yelp search and found Cheeky Sandwiches. I missed the place the first time I walked by; the doors are tiny and inconspicuous. The man serving me, who I believe to be the owner, recommended the beef sandwich since it would hold up well for hours. He made the sandwich really quickly and I made it to my bus on time thankfully. The sandwich was so aromatic that I had to try it once I loaded onto the bus. It was delicious! I'll be sure to come back to try the chicken biscuit and the oyster po'boy.
I think I have died and gone to biscuit heaven. I was greeted by two sweet and friendly guys that work at Cheeky's. Who knew there would be a day where I liked the biscuit more than the chicken. The chicken has a crunchy crust that isn't too heavy and the chicken is steaming and so juicy so don't take too big of a first bite. The gravy would make any southern grandma proud..not lumpy and just the right amount of pepper. The coleslaw not only adds color but a different texture and just a bite of tartness. I would say the real star of the show are the biscuits. They have a hint of sweet and just enough butter goodness. They aren't too dense and basically perfect. Don't be fooled by the size of the sandwich..it may look small but it will fill you up and maybe I just have a small mouth but its hard to fit it in my mouth in one bite.
Believe the hype. These sandwiches are nothing short of AAHHHMMMAAAZZZIIIINNNGG!!!! Yet another great lil gem I found browsing on Yelp (thanks guys). There aren't enough adjectives in the dictionary to describe how BOMBTASTIC these sandwiches are. See that? I just made up my own word because anything else would not be doing it justice. It's a no-frills type of joint with a cool hipster vibe. Super tiny place that probably maxes out at 15-20 heads so I'd suggest grabbing and going. The bathroom is worth mentioning because it reminded me of an outhouse but with running water and you have to pull on a string to flush the toilet, thought that was pretty nifty. Anyways onto the food... The menu consists of 6 southern influenced sandwiches with a foodie twist and the price ranges from $6.50-$8.50, worth every red cent IMHO. Simple ingredients but executed like they have it down to a science. Chicken Biscuit: A crispy juicy breaded, perfectly seasoned chicken breast(not greasy at all) topped with a purple cabbage cole slaw drenched in a black pepper gravy sandwiched between a flaky buttery biscuit. The flavors are SUBLIME. The Seafood Po' Boy: you can either have it with all fried shrimp, all fried oysters, or 1/2 and 1/2. I opted for the latter cuz I like variety. Simply dressed with lettuce, mayo, and Crystal's Louisiana hot sauce on crackling bread. Sweet baby jesus it was soooo NOM nom nom. Everything is made to order so patience is a virtue. Once you take a bite you'll know it wasn't in vain.
Awesome little hole in the wall. You will walk right past it if you don't know it's there seeing as there is no sign. Had to look at the picture of the entrance to find it. Got the chicken sandwich and some Cajun chips. The sandwich was to die for and so reasonably priced at $6.50 that I almost got another! Super friendly and great service! They gave us free beignets to top it off which were also delicious! We are only here for a week and we are planning on going back!
When you only have 6 items on your menu, you had better do those 6 things unbelievably well. And that's exactly what Cheeky Sandwiches does... darn good sandwiches, 6 ways. This place defines "hole in the wall."  But it's a cute little hole! Their walls are fun and eclectic One has a great saying on it, the others have faces sketched onto the wall. There's even a community sketch book for people to sit down and doodle in. The beer taps are garden trowels and everything has an air of warmth and eccentricity. It was Fat Tuesday when we went, so they had gumbo on the menu and complimentary "Ben-Yay" with every order (not that we weren't ordering them anyway). They sell Fitz's Soda, which I had never heard of, but I will have to try another time as they looked interesting. We ate the "Ben-Yay's" on the walk back to my office, and they were fantastic! They were fresh and hot out of the fryer with a nice coating of powdered sugar. We devoured them! We got practically one of everything!  The Fried Chicken sandwich on a buttermilk biscuit, red cabbage coleslaw, and a hit of gravy.  And the Braised short rib on toasted challah bread with horseradish sauce, arugula, and tomatoes. The Fried Chicken sandwich was awesome - excellent seasoning, nice crunchy coating that was reminiscent of fried chicken from a cast iron skillet. The buttermilk biscuit was light and fluffy and was an excellent vehicle for the chicken, tangy slaw, and pan gravy. But as good as that chicken sandwich was, it wasn't anything compared to the short rib. That short rib sandwich just melted in my mouth. The challah bread was buttery and soft, the horseradish sauce was just right and not too over powering and the peppery arugula added just the right texture to the rich beef short rib. The Marinated Seared Pork Chop Sandwich with caramelized onions and apples, and sweet and spicy mustard. The pork was nicely seasoned and tender, and the onions and apples just pulled that bad boy right together. The Seafood Po'boy dressed (lettuce, tomato, pickles, and mayo) on a roll. The white fish was nicely coated in cornmeal and had a good crunch to it. It also had a zippy remoulade that I really enjoyed as well. The Verdict: We both agreed that all four of those sandwiches were unbelievably good and this place is legit! ordinarylifeextraordinar…
I looked them up on yelp and checked the menu on the web. I liked the graphic but I liked the menu better, small number of items with simple ingredients.  A recipe for success. Almost missed this place as the entrance is unassuming.  It was a few doors from where I was staying and I was hungry, not much open early on Sunday morning but I found the owner behind the counter. He made the 2 eggs with salmon and muenster sandwich for me, it was delicious. I devoured it in a few bites. I also had the wonderful Cafe Du Monde Coffee mellowed w/ Chicory. I drank that stuff all through grad school so bonus points applied. It's small and thin on the inside but it has a comfortable feel. I was so at ease that I almost walked out without paying. I was more than bit embarrassed at my gaff but the owners said it happens all the time, and people usually remember and come back to pay. * it's feasible to park nearby but not likely. * small without much seating, get it to go. * beyond casual don't forget to pay
Great service and great food. This place is a hole in the wall. When I got there, I was literally standing in front of the restaurant before realizing it was the actual restaurant. The inside of the restaurant is really small with probably 10 seats in total. I got a warm greeting from the guy behind the counter and the cook (owner) when I walked in. They were extremely friendly and helpful with what to order. However, I already knew what I wanted when i walked in from reviewing yelp prior to my entrance. I ordered the chicken biscuit sandwich, and my, was it one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. It was also the best restaurant I went to on my 5 day trip in NY. The biscuit was freshly made with freshly cooked chicken. It also had some coleslaw with some flavorful sauce drizzled inside. Just talking about it still makes me salivate. It was so good that I came back two hours later and tried the beef sandwich. That was also amazing! After each of the meal, the server gives you free dessert that is made fresh as well. I LOVED this place. I would highly recommend this place to anyone that lives in NY or visits NY!
I happened upon this place as it's in my special ladyfriend's neighborhood and could not have been more disappointed. The customer service and sandwich quality here was so horrifying that it inspired me to create this very Yelp account.  As a personal rule I try to avoid negative reviews but Cheeky's, congrats, you earned it. For starters, the place is a mess. There were lots of wrappers and other garbage everywhere. Common courtesy eluded the past patrons that night and, sadly, eluded the staff, too. How a staff can just sit around in garbage and be OK with it is especially troubling. I understand the place is angling for that coveted hipster, down home, anti-establishment feel but this was went above and beyond in violating health and personal codes. I've eaten at cleaner rest stops along Midwestern highways. The fellow taking the orders was particularly surly and condescending. Not welcoming or friendly, possibly right off an Occupy picket line. Maybe something about my relatively cleancut appearance rubbed him the wrong way or maybe he just naturally has a chip on his shoulder against anyone that can afford these outrageously overpriced "sandwiches." I asked for my order, the roast beef sandwich, sans tomatoes and sprigs since I'm not one for veggies. He rudely told me this was not possible. Direct quote (more or less): "We can't do that. We promised ourselves that we weren't going to be a Subway and let people do whatever they want to the sandwiches. I can have him put less on." Whoa! I suppose I should respect the conviction but there is enough fault in this logic to make my head spin. First, your sandwiches aren't premade. You just have to skip a step. Less work for you, save some ingredients, and make a customer happy. I'm not making my own sandwich here, just asking to simply not add two ingredients. Secondly, you do know that you're offering worse customer service than the loathed chain, right? Again, not asking you to whip something up from scratch or choosing my own adventure. Third, you're being wasteful. You know I'm going to pick off the tomatoes and sprigs off and chuck them anyways. Fourth, you're clearly just being a jerk for jerk's sake. Fifth, the guy making the sandwich looked like Chewbacca. Love Chewie when he's piloting the Falcon or infiltrating Jabba's palace, but he's got no place presiding over a grill and food. You're handling food, man, get a hair and beard net. Clean up, take some pride, look presentable! The sandwich itself was not memorable, well, it was memorable in the bad review sense. Very small and gone in three bites. Butter slathered on hala bread, flavorless meat, a couple dollops of mild horseradish. The lady had the chicken biscuit. Maybe she got the child's portion by mistake? Hardly any meat and had to be eaten with knife-and-fork because it crumbled upon unwrapping.  We were also the only ones in there and this demanding order and exacting craftsmanship took nearly 20 minutes, as we waited in trash while being glowered at. The lady tells me this isn't the dynamic duo that's usually there and I hope so for the establishment's sake. I also hope Cheeky knows what of kind rude, grubby people he's got running the show. You're actually better off going to Subway. At least you'll get a hello and a more filling sandwich.
Yum, I'm still thinking about the chicken biscuit sandwich as I am writing this review. The service by the two guys here was awesome and they were really friendly/personable. The decor of the place was awesome as well. What made the sandwich really good is that the chicken is juicy and fried fresh. The biscuit itself is also made new as well and the cole slaw/gravy is just perfect. Even though the sandwich may appear to be small at first but you definitely only need one to get full. Will return again next time I'm in LES.
Sometimes I read NYTimes articles about a certain type of food and then obsess over it. Po'boys were one of those foods. I'd read about them and then went on a search for the best po'boy outside New Orleans. The sandwich was good - the fried oysters were crispy and not greasy at all. I just don't think I like fried oysters all that much. The beignets were a lovely touch to end the meal. Would like to return for the chicken biscuit.
Great place to eat at for lunch. I have tried all the sandwiches and my favorite is the chicken. If your a man you might need 2 like me because there kinda small. Staff is always friendly and food is made fresh.
Tiny, super cute little place, tucked away and easy to miss. I was bummed that they were out if bread for po boys, but my chicken sandwich was divine. The guys at the counter were really nice too. Perfect for an old timey lunch after a visit to the tenement museum. Definitely going back for a po boy!
I took a trip after reading about the po boys.  Having grown up a po boy, I figured this might be the thing for me. I was not disappointed.  Having read about how small the po boys are, I opted for 2 sandwiches, one Chicken (Fried chicken on a house-made buttermilk biscuit with coleslaw & gravy) and one Beef - (Braised short-ribs with wild arugula, cherry tomatoes, & horseradish sauce on challa bread). I ate the chicken first.  It was FANTASTIC.  I was really happy.  But it really was too small. So I ate the beef and it was really good.  I could not finish the second half but did return to the job and complete it 15 minutes later. I ain't no po boy no mo...
For me hearing Po'boys invokes memories of overstuffed heroes the size of my forearm. The ones at Cheeky's would more accurately be described as mini po' boys. I have a weakness for seafood, so while I'd like to sample more of the menu, I always order the oyster po'boy or the half & half (shrimp and oyster). The quality of the seafood, the dressing and the bread are all very good. Just not quite  enough. Cheeky's also serves well brewed Cafe Du Monde coffee, which I love, and has great customer service. My wish list for this place would be: a. $11 or $12 larger size po' boy b. later hours ( closing by 7pm in LES ?) While I can complain about  the size and price ($8.50) The reality is I keep coming back. 3.5 stars
Cheeky Sandwiches is the best reason to ride Yo! Bus from Boston! We were starving on New Years morning, waiting in line to ride back north. Cheeky Sandwiches is about two blocks away from Yo! Bus's (nearly unmarked) pick-up and drop-off location. I ran over for two sandwiches, some beignets, coffee, and jasmine ginger ale. I nearly missed the bus, but it would have been worth it! We got a braised beef sandwich, and a fried chicken biscuit and hot damn! These are classy-ass sandwiches. Expertly prepared (if a little slow), and the perfect size. When I'm in PDX, sure I like to pig out at Pine State Biscuits and then spend the rest of the day in bed, but these sandwiches were sized appropriately enough that despite their richness, we didn't feel gross afterward. The gentleman behind the counter was very sweet and patient with me, despite my hungover hurry. Also, great price considering it's NYC.
Okay, I've found it, and am thus breaking my months of radio silence to you, the huddled masses of the Yelp community: My kryptonite. My "I just got left at the alter" food (I mean, who would leave this at an alter, but you get my meaning...). I love this food so much I want to take it behind the middle school and get it pregnant. So my startup has recently moved up in the world, and we now have a big ol' loft in the Lower East Side. When we transitioned to this space, we all made a pact - since we go to eat lunch together at a restaurant every day, we were going to try to eat at 30 different places in the neighborhood before going somewhere for a second time. Cheeky Sandwiches broke this streak. I can't stop going back. The sandwich that "made them" (so to speak), and of course the one I got, was the fried chicken. For starters, most fried chicken sucks. Fried chicken is an amazing food, don't get me wrong, but the majority of it is seen in establishments like Popeyes, KFC, and the ilk. Not Cheeky. Their chicken is so perfect, so fresh, so white-meat-melting-in-your-mouth good, I almost want to cry. But wait. There's more. The chicken is pressed every so lovingly betwixt two halves of a chunky, homemade buttermilk biscuit, and topped with slaw and freshly-made gravy, then wrapped up and handed to you (fingers a-quiver with excitement, no doubt), to slam down your gullet as soon as you realize that this must be God's food. If I can endorse one sandwich in ALL OF NEW YORK CITY, nay, THE WORLD - this would be it. Swoon.
Cheeky is absolutely, hands-down, an awesome little sandwich shop! Let's go through the things that make it awesome: -The food. I had the fried chicken biscuit. It was heavenly. The bottom part of the biscuit fell apart but I didn't even care. My hands were clean and greedily picked up all of the little dropped pieces. The sodas and chips were brought in from NOLA and were a nice little treat. Not too familiar with the brands, but the ginger beer and BBQ chips hit the spot. Spent $10 on the sandwich, chips, and bottled soda. Very good deal! - The service. The guys working there were really friendly and laid-back. - The atmosphere. Some would say it was cramped in there, but I say it was cozy. Then again, I was in there at 4pm on the day of a blizzard, so that may have some influence on my perception. - Location. It might be a bit out of the way for some, but it was a five minute walk from my hotel (Hotel 91 on East Broadway). In all, this place was totally awesome and I'm so glad I stopped in. I never would have known Cheeky existed, if not for Yelp. I travel to New York a few times a year and Cheeky is definitely getting added to my "REVISIT!!!" list! :)
Living just a few buildings away from cheeky's, I've come to be a regular here.  They serve new orleans style sandwiches. They don't do delivery. They dont have a phone. They don't accept credit cards and they dont have set hours.  The guy who owns cheeky's wears the same thing every day. He's friendly, loves people and there's always neighbors hanging around there like me.  I've tried just about every sandwich here.  My favorite is the half and half po boys, but the popular choice amongst customers is the short rib beef. Half shrimp/half oyster po boys - They're small compared to your typical po boys but the bread is freshly shipped from down south and it's the only sandwich I'll actually crave. There's just something about the bread is airy, crispy and falls apart with the soft sound of crunch. Beef short ribs - Braised beef short ribs with fresh arugula and cherry tomatoes dancing on challa bread. It's savory, and the horseradish surprisingly kicks in as the beef melts in your mouth and you start to wonder what you've been doing all your life. On a cold winter day, December 15 of 2009, Cheeky sandwiches was born.  I respect this guy, he's not someone out to just make money, he just wants to make good food.  And he does. :)
Went here solely for the chicken biscuit sandwich. The place itself is small and rickety, but a good charm. I came early (8 am) - so being the only one there my food came relatively quickly as it's made-to-order. The guy working there was friendly despite it being so early... The sandwich itself was small, but not oily, and a great combo of flavors that reminded me of good soul food. The ginger beer is a solid compliment to wash it down with. I will definitely go back if I was in the area.
I am a fan, but make no mistake about my stan-dom. I come here for the sandwiches, not the spiffy looking dude making the sandwiches, who I've been seeing everywhere lately out of the shop. Don't get me wrong, I love a spiffy man who makes sandwiches as much as the next girl, but there is a time and place for it and hanging out at a sandwich shop all day is not it. I am, apparently, alone in this sentiment; every time I come here, there are gaggles of women inside and outside of the restaurant batting their eyelashes and putting on their most ridiculous giggles. Moving on: I had the Oyster po'boy the first time I came here, because the chicken was already sold out. My friend had the beef, which to this day she talks about like it's the best sandwich she's ever had. We also had some complimentary ben-yays (beignets), thank god for Phonics. Which were as good as fried dough can be? Some special special flavored chips also available. I am a fan of the ginger iced tea, which was not quite iced. Also, now I know why the chicken sandwich was sold out, it's slap your momma good. PS. check out the bathroom, it's basically a stylized port-a-potty with a flush function. I like. The stripped down seemingly undesigned decor seem to be all the rage these days. See also: Panda, it's so bare that the AC doesn't even act like it works.
milkshake face. If you don't know what that is, here's a little light reading from my buddy Chris B. @foodlatio.com foodlatio.com/post/18134… At first bite, I made the face and "oh my'd". Crispy-seasoned fried chicken breast, savory gravy, crunchy-tart slaw, griddled just right biscuits = milkshake face. Followed by a swig of a perfectly chilled bottle of Fitz's ginger ale, ahhhhhhh. Best damn ginger ale I've ever had. Way to go St. Louis. Amen for the profile pic of the store front as I would have missed it otherwise and certainly would have walked passed it if I wasn't looking for it. True hole in the wall and surely an out-of-place neighborhood gem. But even China Town needs a little southern flair. A great snack. A must visit. Enjoy your milkshake face.
MADE to order-Nawlin's style sandwiches by a guy with a tie who calls you madam.  This little skinny spot is AWEsome. Decorated like a backwater, bayou joint with shed ceilings and seating is on small stools with a miniscule counter. I cannot overemphasize that the guy with the tie cooks your sandy up on the spot.  Egg sandys, po-boys and more. DEVOURED- Fried chicken sandwich....$6.50 Fresh fried chicken on a house made(tdf) biscuit(properly darkly baked), red slaw and gravy.  Can you say "orgasmic"? Washed down with sweet strawberry soda from Nawlin's BENYAYS- my dessert of 3 minis for $1 were also fried up to order and smothered in sugar.  Unbleeping believable.
4.5 stars... PROS: -The friendliest and best service I've gotten from any business, anywhere, ever. The fairly young guy originally from New Orleans that opened this little eatery less than a year ago is so kind that I'd be tempted to give his business 5 stars on his hospitality alone. -The food is great, the taste and flavor combinations are perfect. The tiny menu with only a few sandwiches ($6.50-8.50) make it really easy to choose something without having to flip through a ton of offerings. The tax is already factored into the price which I love. I got the pork sandwich. The sandwich is a thin pork chop (so tender I could have almost confused it with a pork tenderloin) with caramelized onions and apples on a couple pieces of slightly toasted challah bread. The sandwich was cooked perfectly, the flavors were wondering, just amazing. -A combination of the great food and the southern hospitality came together when he gave me a couple complementary beneighs (each about the size of a donut hole), a traditional french donut type dessert. They were slightly undercooked in the middle but between the fresh out of the fryer hot and crispy outside covered in powdered sugar and the doughy soft interior, it was a great treat regardless. CONS: -The biggest con is the size of the sandwiches. I don't mind paying $8 for the sandwich but it was really pretty small. I would rather a larger sandwich than a lower price but one of the two would have to happen for me to bump him up to 5 stars. (the other cons don't really affect my rating). Many of the other reviews seem to echo this comment so I know I'm not alone on this one. -The tiny double doors at the entrance were a little awkward to go through (the little white picket fence was a cute touch though). -The seating are just narrow benches (a couple 2x4"s, so 8" wide) along a long railing so it's not the most comfy place to stay and eat but I didn't mind too much. -They don't have ice so if you want any sort of drink or water with ice, it's not going to happen. -They're open 8am-6pm daily so it's going to keep a lot of people from being able to come here on a weekday who can't get there in time -The bathroom in the back is very interesting, it's set up like an outhouse which was funky and went along with their divey vibe but it didn't seem to go along with the New Orleans theme as much as it would go long with a cabin/camping theme. I'm glad I'm not a girl because I don't imagine sitting on a wooden surface with a hole cut (right above a toilet) out would be a good thing. I also wasn't a fan of squeezing into the tiny area next to the bathroom to wash my hands in the "sink".
Ok, ok...so I didn't get to try the pork this time... But my boyfriend was dreaming about biscuits chicken and gravy for like 6 months now, and so he had to get the Chicken. Biscuit was fresh, flaky...I even saw one of the guys make fresh dough because I think they were running low. Chicken was fried light and crispy, not too drenched in oil. A nice kick from the pickled purple cabbage. I would have prefered bit more gravy but still never a disappointment! OK...sooo....next time I will be getting the pork!! Don't let me forget!
Sea po'boy was fresh and the flavors were well balanced. Chicken biscuit haunts my dreams!! Hard to find a place where you can get a beer, sandwich and dessert for under $10.
Lofty expectations often lead to failure. My first and long-awaited trip to Cheeky Sandwiches did not end in failure, but rather mild disappointment because I was expecting so much. The sounds of the items that litter the menu immediately warm your stomach and possibly add one pound in anticipation of your choice of sandwich. Cheeky has a completely non-descript exterior (look for the white doors) that you might just walk by if you are not paying attention (look for the 35), but once inside you find a perfectly appropriate venue for the fare they are churning out. Benches up against wall-tables and the smell of food inhabit the place as you enter and the service if both friendly and quick. I got the chicken sandwich (fried chicken on a house-made buttermilk biscuit with coleslaw & gravy) and it was certainly good in terms of flavor and texture. However, it was kind of tiny and kind of a mess. You can't really complain about a sandwich for $6.50, but this thing appears extremely diminutive as you are handed the small, but potent wrapped wonder and it fits distinctively inside your grasp. I should have gone with the po' boy sandwich, but that will get the call on my next visit. Cheeky is definitely a place to check out and if you are not like me, you won't expect abject nirvana in every sandwich which will lead you down the road of food disappointment when it really shouldn't.
Easy to miss when walking by - there is no identifying sign out front - this sandwich shop is worth the effort to find it.  The New Orleans vibe is great, from the Cafe du Monde coffee with chicory to the voodoo flavored potato chips.  The veggie sandwich was bursting with pickled vegetables and capped with perfectly melted Swiss cheese. The beignets (Ben-yays) looked really tempting, will have to try next time.
Good sandwiches are hard to find these days, especially with the over abundance of horrible delis in NYC.  Enter Cheeky Sandwiches, a great sandwich joint in Chinatown. I went there with the girl on an atypical Sunday journey to have lunch.  I ordered the Half and Half Po' boy.  No it doesn't contain the common coffee condiment, but instead is delightfully graced with fried oysters and fried shrimp.  Ingeniously, the sandwich is essentially two, since each half is independent of each other (one half oysters, one half shrimp). Hot sauce and the right amount of mayo (meaning not smothered) as well as fresh shredded lettuce and tomatoes provide support for the great sandwich.  The bread is hot and crusty and the sandwich is phenomenal.  I did pair it with some Zapp's Spicy Cajun Crawtators (great potato chips).  Finally, we split some Ben-yays (beignet), which of course is very difficult to screw up.  Essentially fried dough. I did get a sample of the girl's Chicken sandwich.  It was a lovely combination of fresh and juicy fried chicken, with some sort of delicious gravy and unimposing cole slaw (by unimposing, I mean horribly smothered in mayonnaise).  As you can tell, I don't like mayo. Finally, the place itself is quite fantastic.  It's a gritty white, minimally decorated locale, with adjustable stools and merely a small wood shelf on the walls to aid in the eating of your delicious sandwich. Now only if I worked in Chinatown.  Damn it.
3.5 stars, shy of 4. Chicken Sandwich was okay. Piece of fried chicken with some purple cole slaw, sandwiched with a buttery crispy biscuit. Portion was kinda of small for the price.  Size of an average palm. The biscuit and the chicken was memorable, but nothing really that would get me going back.  Tried the first time, but don't see myself going back. Chef used the same gloves which he used to cook with to touch money, money has a lot of germs on it. Set me back 6.50, but it was not bad.
White peeling paint everywhere, with caricatures of random people covering the back walls. Black guy behind the counter in a dress shirt and tie, still steampunk cool and taking lunch orders despite the oppressive heat. I quickly place my order for a 1/2 and 1/2 po' boy, fried oysters and shrimp. Two heavily tatted men working the fryers start preparing my shrimp and oysters for the hot oil. I grab a Big-Shot Cola and sit on a tiny, unbalanced stool at a creaky, white bench which serves as a makeshift table. My t-shirt sticks to me as sweat drips from my back. There's an air conditioning unit at the back of the shop, which is about the size of a tiny studio apartment, but any circulating air does not register even a mere five feet away. I look up at the corrugated metal roof, which adds to the mood but seems to radiate more heat. It's so hot that my glasses barely balance on my nose and I grab a bunch of napkins to stay dry. Sticky everywhere. A tourist family from the Midwest asking for restaurant recommendations. They want to go to Lombardi's, but as usual, more knowledgeable folks steer them in other directions. Through the small window on the street, you could be anywhere: New Orleans, Brooklyn, Orchard Street on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. It's like a time/space warp. Everything seems to move a little slower, but my sandwich came out quickly. The po boy tastes like the sea-- sand and the ocean floor. Briny. I was going to ask for hot sauce, but I took a bite and realized that the perfect amount had already been added. The batter had a slight peppery kick and plenty salt, with a splash of lemon and mayo bringing everything together. I momentarily forget the heat and focused completely on this incredible sandwich before me. I debate a second sandwich, but the girl sitting next to me steals my thunder when, after wolfing down a po' boy, she orders a chicken biscuit, sparking the counterman's interest as they start to chat. I figure I shouldn't cramp his style and head outside, leaving New Orleans and returning to the Lower East Side sun. City still too hot, I need a cold beer.
Get the fried chicken biscuit sandwich! (I had to cut to the chase just in case you don't have time for a long review). A delicious, thick, impossibly juicy breast of chicken awaits you, nestled inside a fluffy country biscuit. If that doesn't entice you, then revel in the knowledge that for less than ten dollars, you're eating fried chicken that makes the chefs at Momofuku look like amateurs for a tenth of the price. Easy to miss, this place is barely wider than its front door-- but if you can sidestep your way in, you'll agree it was worth the shimmy.
First time into this little place, the gentleman told us that they ran out of bread for their po'boy. According to him, their bread comes in from a bakery in New Orleans. Second time around, they have bread for the po'boy. So we ordered a half and half oyster and shrimp po'boy, Zapp chips and a Big Shot soda. The bread is just amazing, slightly crisp and fluffy light. I felt the oyster half was good but I felt the shrimp half was more likable (most likely due to the red cocktail? sauce). So is the po'boy up to Louisiana standards? Don't know. But for something that is in the local neighborhood, its good enough for me. They are a bit small though, but maybe because I'm a big eater. Haven't gotten around to trying the other menu items, but I know I will be paying multiple visits in the future. On a side note, the voodoo flavor Zapp chips are worth a try. They're tangy zingy and tasty, plus the packaging is cute and novel.
Damn good sandwiches at a damn good price. I wish I had been a bit more hungover this morning when I stopped in for a pork sandwich - I almost feel like it went to waste without sufficient alcohol in my system to soak up all of the delicious pork fat and mustard. The guy behind the counter was friendly and really chill, as was the the atmosphere. It's a good spot to pop in alone or with a friend, but the 2x4 bench seats are not so good to camp out for too long. I didn't really read any reviews before I ordered; apparently I have to go back and try the chicken biscuit sandwich because it looks effing amazing.
The chef is originally from New Orleans, he's super friendly and cute too ;) The people who work here will make you feel right at home / like you're a regular even if it's your first time there. Recommendations: - breakfast biscuit - scrambled eggs, meunster cheese, smoked salmon - fried chicken, coleslaw, gravy on a biscuit - 1/2 shrimp & 1/2 oyster po'boy sandwich - Beignets!!! who doesn't love beignets?!
All I could say the whole time I was there is...AWESOME. This place is a beacon of light on a sort of scary block. Old school charm in the front of the house and down home deliciousness in the kitchen. I had the chicken sandwich. Being cash only because you'll want two of them. How can you beat fresh piping hot beignets. YUM!! Hey guys...I'll be back.
LES fashionistas, tatted artists, powershoppers who wandered too far south on Orchard, the hungover, the brunch fatigued, Cheeky accepts and feeds them all. When I asked if they had a bathroom the guy said "Yeah, but it ain't fancy" and it ain't, but neither is Cheeky, and that's kind of refreshing. With peeling whitewash and low country aphorisms painted on the walls, Cheeky is the kind of place where you ask for a sandwich and they make you a sandwich. And the sandwiches are really good. The half-and-half has perfectly fried shrimp and briny oysters with pickles and hot sauce for 8.50, and that's at the upper end in terms of price. They also have a small selection of beer and wine. There are only a few seats inside but it's quiet on weekend afternoons and the two guys that work there  are crazy friendly. After one couple left they started speculating about their nationality and then said "Oh we're just talking about the people that just left, after you guys leave we'll probably talk about you too." Well I'm talking about you guys. Good things.
in a somewhat random location but definitely worth the trek. A cute little sandwich shop, made to order. got the po boy half n' half with fried oysters and fried shrimp- soooo good! I also got Ginger tea (very good cold) and Beignets (spelled Ben-yays here)- all delicious. Will definitely be back for more!
My best friend heard of this place and she suggested that we go try it out. We were both really surprised and enjoyed the food. We order the chicken sandwich and the beef sandwich. They were both equally delicious. The cole slaw in the chicken sandwich balances the heaviness of the biscuit, gravy and fried chicken. The beef sandwich was incredibly tasty and I enjoyed every bite. I really like the little special things that they do with their sandwiches, like having different breads and toppings for each sandwich. However, the sandwiches are really small, but they are definitely worth it. You might need 2 sandwiches to be full. The workers there are really nice too! Will go back to try the rest of the sandwiches they have.
Come here, cheeky bum! Fried chicken sandwich? Hell yea-um! Seating tight, but fun!
Solid. homey place operated by genuinely friendly and quirky people that absolutely make the dining experience memorable. The southern hospitality is no joke. I have heard about Cheeky Sandwiches for the longest time since they first opened, but never managed to venture down to this part of LES... Good thing I had some ridiculous errands to run one random morning, and conveniently popped in for a late breakfast. Although many sandwiches like the fried chicken and po-boy sounded amazing, I decided to order a "lighter" creation - scrambled eggs and muenster on a buttermilk biscuit. The bf who isn't afraid of a hearty breakfast, chose the fried chicken biscuit sandwich that came with purple slaw and some sort of gravy spread. I was surprised to see the adorable little man managing the front of house operations and the kitchen entirely on his own. He also cooked everything fresh to order - even though it took a while for the sandwiches to be assembled and served. That's right, we basically watched him bread the chicken and drop it into the fryer, warm up the freshly baked biscuits, scramble the eggs and everything! As for the flavor of the sandwiches, I thought my simple egg & cheese sandwich was perfectly delicious. I enjoyed the beautifully soft-scrambled eggs, with just a dash of hot sauce between the flaky yet filling biscuit. The bf thoroughly enjoyed his fried chicken biscuit as well, and is really looking forward to trying the po-boy next time. I personally am intrigued by the ben-yays that only cost a buck. P.S. This joint is cash only at the moment. That's not a big deal though, the two of us walked out with full bellies for under $12.
youtube.com/watch?v=-pr1… This spot looks like it's about to fall apart. The flailing tin rooftop hangs over the tiny sandwich shop on Orchard Street. There are cracks on the swinging doors, creaking floorboards and bloody-red painted stools over the slim counter space across the open kitchen. But that's easily overlooked. The tantalizing smell of fried shrimp, braised beef and freshly baked biscuits, adds to the one of a kind charm that is uniquely found at Cheeky's. Behind the counter is the all too cool owner/model Din Yates of Cheeky Sandwiches, wearing the signature white shirt and black tie ensemble (which I also wore during our video shoot.) The place may not be aesthetically appetizing (read below for more info from Din about that), but let me tell you, they sling out, quite possibly, the best damn Po' Boy Sandwiches in the city. The shop opened up in 2009, after the ideas started to bubble about bringing New Orleans flavor to New York City.  A native of Louisiana, Din creates the flavors he grew up eating, incorporating simple ingredients and quality service, to bring an experience like no other. It's definitely an odd experience when you stop in at Cheeky's. I feel like there are so many things to look at. There are drawings of friends and family of the Cheeky family, reminiscent of the caricatures found in the Palm restaurants. If you catch yourself by the back area right before entering the wicked "bathroom shed," you can grab one of the stacked up board games like Battleship or Connect Four and just kick it with a friend while you wait for your Oyster Po' Boy. It's feels like home, like a really hip kind of home with great tasting home cooking. Have they always been this laid back though? Ultimately, like any other restaurants, you get waves of people ordering food on a busy day. Cheeky Sandwiches was notorious for having line ups, especially when rave reviews from The Post and New York Times came into surface about a year ago. However, once you bite into that sensational Shrimp Po' Boy and have indulged yourself with a soft fluffy, sugary, sweet BenYay (Beignets) you'd be surprised why you haven't been here before.
I'm almost 90% positive that the fried chicken/biscuit/coleslaw concoction is illegal in about 42 of the 50 states...because it's that good. And that gluttoneous. Also love the kitschy sorta set up of the place, but I came here on one of those 90-degrees-at-9-am kind of days and the place was sans A/C. I know fried chicken goes with almost everything, but I'm inclined to say that a 90 degree day is most definitely not one of them.
Fan i am! Went up and down the menu, twice! Interesting, delicious sandwiches that sings with flavors and textures. The ingredients are so thoughtful and meticulously put together, that the chef probably was a world famous chemist in his past life. Lucky for us, in this life, he came back and opened Cheekys! In addition, they have an eclectic selection of sodas and chips. Why no five? Value! These bad boys are tinnyyyyy. The little dot of merriment that is the chicken sandwich is $6.50! I would need 3 to be full. A regular person can easily dust of 2 sandwiches in one sitting. So come... not so hungry?
I love Cheeky Sandwiches. Artfully crafted and decorated environs, lovely staff, awesome prices, perfectly paired music, Zapps chips(!), and most of all, delightfully buttery Southern biscuits. If you appreciate a great biscuity treat in a city that hardly knows how to spell biscuit, you'll adore this off the beaten path joint. I rarely trust advice from non-Southerners on topics of biscuits, gumbo, crawfish, and most anything fried, so knowing Cheeky has Southern roots gave me faith, and that faith was heartily rewarded. My companions had biscuit sandwiches: one with eggs and muenster the other with fried chicken, slaw, and gravy. I took in a biscuit with just the right amount of butter and honey. Needless to say, perhaps, few words were uttered...other than the occasional "goddamn" or "that's just right." All were satisfied. Chicory coffee is even more of a rarity in NYC, so it was a happy meeting we had with a couple of cups of the Cafe DuMonde variety. Zapps chips (Voodoo and Salt and Pepper) scrumptiously complemented our delicious feast on the LES. The handsome and talkative chef kicks up the aesthetic a bit, and I can't see the ladies OR the gentlemen complaining about that. Hand painted walls, plank floors, and a tin roof give a roadside of Hwy 105 kind of feel. The open windows in the front make for a thoroughly enjoyable experience and are the only reminder that you are actually in the city. I had been dying to try this place for months. As I understand it, Cheeky will celebrate its anniversary on 14 December! Check it out, and get your biscuit on. I'm fairly certain that the only people who don't like Cheeky Sandwiches either hate life, the South, or more likely, both. Viva Cheeky!!!
Ate: Shrimp and oyster poboy sandwich Drank: n/a Liked: Yummy! Disliked: A little expensive for the size, but delicious. Chicken: My friend got the chicken sandwich.  Will be back for that! Would mom like it?: Mom hates sandwiches as much as pizza. Would I go back: A little out of the way, but yes. Recommend: Not a lot of seating.
Awesome. Delicious. Badass. This place rocks. I am going to come here all the time now. I got the chicken biscuit sandwich with coleslaw and gravy, which was one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten. Flavorful, juicy, crunchy, nailed it. And the ben yays, 3 for $1, are just a no brainer. Fried perfectly and a small mountain of powdered sugar. Be careful you don't inhale the powdered sugar, though. I can say confidently, it sucks. But, do indeed eat here. Get anything. It'll be perfect. A+++
I got to say, this their Beef sandwich was the best sandwich I ever had! He makes the sandwiches on the spot so it taste so much better! Seriously, I never had a sandwich hit the right spot! It got me all happy because seriously, it was the best sandwich ever. The chips over there are really good too. I had a perfect The price is perfect with the amount your getting! I love the little store too!
/raises hand Can I address all these concerns about the portion sizes? In general, we eat too much, people, and the focus here on quality over quantity is refreshing and healthy. Huge props to the folks who, instead of complaining about portions, have contributed a description of the sizing. You've been really helpful in tempering my expectations to match the reality of this place. Tiny space, smaller portions, grabbable sandwiches, and completely worth the money. Go down a few blocks to Tuck Shop (sooo delicious) or any noodle place nearby if you want more quantity for your dollar. Now let's address the food. I've had the great fortune of knowing someone whose best friend lives on this street, so over the past year I've been here on and off. The last time I was here, I got their classic beef sandwich. Perfect composition of savory, refreshing, and sweet. Easy on the horseradish without losing the taste. I'd recommend the jalapeno chips that they also sell if you're looking for a bit of spice with your meal. Seriously, it was close to perfect. My cousin in town had the veggie sandwich, which was a nicely balanced setup of soft and crunchy, sweet, salty, and earthy. I'll echo the comments about service here. Some of the nicest guys I've met, which is damn difficult when you work in food. I remember wanting to pitch a fit at every bad review, every wary glance from judgmental customers at the food growing up when I would help out my dad at his small shop. These guys do it with aplomb, and they somehow manage to keep their shirts and ties crisp and fresh. Rock on, I'll be back.
got the half and half (shrimp and oyster) po boy sandwich. Agreeing with other posters that the sandwich is only half the size of what you'd get in NOLA. $10.00 for a sandwich and a bag of chips. Everything was fresh, had good flavor, and the dressing was excellent. Everything a homesick Louisianan could want: Cafe DuMonde coffee (why not Community coffee?), Zapps Chips, Abita beer, and Big Shot sodas. The were friendly. The decor is fun and funky. Will be returning to try the fried chicken sandwich.
This place was really hard to find.  I missed the entrance and ended up at the end of the block. We walked in and these black hipster people was looking at us weirdly like they haven't seen Asians. I ask them for a menu and they pointed at it. We ordered the chicken biscuit and shrimp po boy. The sandwiches were good but pricey considered how small it looks. The place is really small,  with old scraps of wood.  They also have unique chips and soda. It was an akward experience.
Never write reviews, but I had to at least contribute the 5 stars. A true gem. Wonderful food. Even better experience. Thanks for making the sandwich quick so that I could make my bus!
I had a bad craving for a good po' boy for a few days. Finally, I spent an afternoon break by heading over here to get my hands on one. I was happily satisfied after ordering their sea sandwich --- the 1/2 shrimp 1/2 oyster po' boy. Initially I assumed it would literally be split as half-fried shrimp & half-fried oyster, but it was actually mixed a bit. The french bread, btw, is terrific. The only thing is that $8.50 is a tad stretch of budget for me, though the makings of the po' boy can justify it as a decent price tag. Two notes: - One, Din and Eric are extremely personable. - Two, keep your eyes peeled for finding this place. I ended up being that jackass biking against traffic trying to locate it. Fortunately Orchard is a quiet street. The other sandwiches on their menu sound just as good to be back & savor. Probably with beer too. 'Tis a hidden gem in the outskirts of Chinatown/LES.
Dear Cheeky Sandwiches, I love your chicken sandwich. I will come back to have many more. Love, Rosa
I wish this place had lived up to the hype for me. I really do. In theory, Cheeky Sandwiches is a craving-satisfying place. Fried chicken sandwiched between two halves of a Southern biscuit? But sadly, I found that they made the most basic of mistakes. For $6.50, I wasn't too disappointed with the portion size as what it loses in volume, it must certainly make up for in calories. I actually have no problem with the way everything was cooked. The biscuit was moist but still with some crunch and crumbliness. The chicken was moist and tender on the inside. And the cabbage gave a nice sour tang that cut through the richness of the other components. In that sense, it was nicely balanced. Also, I appreciated that it wasn't too messy to eat. What I didn't like was the actual taste. The biscuit was rather flavorless. The crust on the chicken was incredibly salty. The coating in addition to the sauce was too much. The salt became a dominant flavor. And then the way the crust was actually seasoned was all heat and no flavor. It just...it made me sad. I would go back but I wasn't wowed and I wouldn't go out of my way to return. For me, the best thing going for it is that they're in a convenient location for me and open at convenient times. I don't want to reduce it to fast food, but if all you have is convenience and lackluster flavor for relatively cheap...
This is my favorite spot in the city. Tiny hole in the wall but the atmosphere is unbeatable! I highly, highly recommend the Chicken, BEC, and Bread Pudding. You can't go wrong and will not be disappointed with anything! Beignets are also amazing.
I split the chicken and the beef. I had the chicken based on the recommendation from my friend who sent me to this place and oh my god it is delicious. The biscuit is perfect!. I also had the beef based on the chef/owners recommendation and it was outstanding. I was so glad he recommended it because I didn't even consider it when I was looking over the menu. In addition to the delicious food the decor was on point, great personality to it and the murals were very tasteful.
