Horrible experience! Exciting beginning ended up with boring no fun walks around 4 floors. Rare weird acts. People running after those actors pushing everyone on the way. Not cool. Hated it.
I so wanted Sleep No More to blow my mind.   Maybe all the hype built up an unearthly experience and created expectations that were unreachable.  Or maybe I was just talking to the wrong folk.   In any case, I should let you know that I am speaking from the perspective of professional theatre tech, so my opinion is immediately subjective as is it.  (And I spent a whole lot of the time oogling the work of the designers, and lusting after stage management position there) What I can say is that it IS worth seeing.  It's highly conceptual, inventive, unique and beautifully done.  Everyone's experience is different, so maybe I just made a string of choices that led me to have a mediocre experience--entirely possible! They keep extending it, so if you haven't seen it yet, give it a try.  Wear comfortable shoes :)
WOW!  Follow the suggestions listed in other reviews and get ready for a wild time.  I saw the show last week and am still processing the experience.
I LOVED it!! and will be going back again! I'm not going to spoil it but here are some notes: -I did not read Macbeth -I went sober -It can be dark to very dark -I went through all five levels looking for characters and ended up finding one that I absolutely loved. Turned out most of the characters ended up interacting with him so it was neat to see his POV -The show did not start on time, you need more than 2 hours to actually enjoy it -They are right, explore solo. Do not follow friends, go with your instinct and interests -Get into the actor/actresses' personal space. People were standing way too far. I got up next to them. -Don't be a follower, be a leader! -Explore, touch everything, read anything.
Yeah, you just have to go on this one. I don't want to say too much although a lot of folks on here have already divulged may details. Let's just say, not only did I get a little tipsy on 3 zesty pommegranet martini's but I almost shit my pants with my mask on, and couldn't tell anyone until I met with my roomie about 30 minutes later. This event is an ABSOLUTE for folks who are open to trying new things, are into art, like to be visually stimulated and scared shitless! I plan to go back with my sister and watch her shit her pants. =)
I'll prolly be lynched for saying this, but I wasn't that blown away tonight by Sleep No More, but I am GLAD I have done it at least once just to demystify the experience. I thought the candy store could've carried more of their own weight (have more variety) and I thought the acting was contrived (I often do feel embarrassed for actors when they act for some reason; it's a social malaise I have). But I liked the relics and I definitely liked touching everything. The typewriter was sealed shut though :( Knowing that I was expected to pick up props (which is what they actually were) sort of dulled the curiosity a bit. I think I just really set myself up to be disappointed because I read all the YELP reviews about it and envisioned it countless times and asked people I knew who had already gone. I also felt the gratuitous nude scenes were rather boring. I think the whole experience would have been a bit better if some of the larger rooms weren't converted to look like haunted house mazes. The only scene I rather enjoyed was the ballroom one where the actors were sitting at a long table like The Last Supper and everything was in slow motion. Slow motion is more impressive when actors are executing small, subtle movements like sipping and pouring wine instead of large, exaggerated bodily movements.
Spectacular! A very unique show that is worth experiencing at least once. Make sure you carry things in your pockets (bring some money or cash you'll want to use it at the Manderley Bar) otherwise you'll have to get your bag (even if it's a purse) checked in for $3. I suggest checking out all the floors there's about 5-6 of them and invest some time in following the actors so you can piece what is going on. I missed checking one of the floors and deeply regret it. It's so good that I would venture to go again to try to see what I had missed the first time...
Absolutely phenomenal! Like adventure? Like trying new things? Like running around uncovering a story and interpreting it with your own imagination? GO TO SLEEP NO MORE! DO IT. Your loss if you are 'one of those' that think they know better.
It's like stepping into the fantasy that exists in Midnight in Paris. Unreal.  Just go without any preconceptions (I guess these reviews nix that possibility), but you'll enjoy it more.  Every experience is different.  Allow yourself to believe what they feed you (both literally and figuratively).  This was a defining moment in my life.  It has changed how I see and experience space, both inside and outside of the theater.
My husband surprised me for our first wedding anniversary because he knows I love all these out of the ordinary things to do in the city. The mystery surrounding it is definitely intriguing. As you enter it's as if you're transported into a warped world. The bar kind of pressures you to buy $12 champagne cocktails and absinthe shots, which I succumbed to (additional to the $300 that you spent for the both of you to get in). It's kind of like a haunted house but without ghosts, it just seems like a bad dream! Sleep No More, get it? Kudos to the actors though, they are extremely talented and perform graceful and intense dances. It's a "cool" and "quirky" New York thing to do for sure, but I think it's more hype than anything else. It's too overpriced and the most annoying part of it is the people who go and chase after the actors and pushing other people out of the way, stepping on their toes while they're at it. It's acting people! Don't take it SO seriously. The best way to enjoy it is not to follow anybody and just explore your own way. You will stumble upon an actor wherever you are.
As mentioned by many others on here, this is a once-in-a-lifetime NYC experience.  People will be talking about Sleep No More well after it has long gone.   In the interest of not spoiling any surprises, my only recommendations would be to:  a.  Touch everything  b.  Make eye contact with the actors (and watch what happens)  c.  Pick up a piece of caramel in the candy store (you'll figure it out)  d.  Follow the actors sometimes, find your own way sometimes GO!
I was dying to see this.  I left disapointed.  I was expecting more.  There was a disturbing element to the show that I was not expecting.   After the show, walking to the corner for a cab, others from the audience asked me what I thought and it turns out they were disapointed too.   First, you stand in line outside (in the cold) and they ask you to have your ID out.  Eventually a guy comes around, glances at your ID (WHY ???) and stamps your hand.  There is absolutely no reason for this annoying charade... maybe they think this is part of building the anticipation for the show?  Ensuring they have a sheepish and compliant audience ?   Then you go in and you have to check everything for $3 -- your purse, your phone, your coat -- all they allow you to keep is a credit card so you can pay at the bar.  In hindsight, I  think part of the reason is so you cant  walk out with their props in your coat/handbag. Then you check in at the register to confirm you paid for your ticket.  They give you a playing card and you go to their (very cool) bar.  From this point, all the actors stay in character-- which is cool- like being in a surreal universe.  Little bit like that Midnight In Paris movie. you buy a drink, 5 seconds later, a MC starts calling out who he wants to lead out of the bar according to your playing card -- suit of hearts, suit of spades...  now what to do with the drink you just paid for ?   Then you are let go into (not giving everything away ) the performance -- you wander around until you see an actor and you watch what he does.  Then he dashes off through a door and you can follow him if you want to see what happens next.   Problem is that the audience crowds around the actor... you spend a lot of time craning your neck to see or fighting for a spot in the crowd where you can see the action.  It's worse than the subway at rush hour.   Then when the actor dashes off, 50 people are trying to follow him -- inevitably, you get shoved to the back and you lose the actor.  Fine.  I get it.  It's part of the fun. We are down the rabbit hole .   I found myself wandering around actively looking for actor scenes and failing to find a thread to connect them.  Frequently, I couldnt find a scene -- just saw actors running down hallways. To be honest, I think there were too few actors/scenes.  Eventually. I grew weary of trying to follow actors who disappeared and fighting the crowds who follow them.   There is full nudity.  a few actors perform stark naked with a crowd of people standing around staring at them.  I feel quite sorry for the actors to be so exposed.   The overall feeling of the performance is disturbing and not in a decadent, sexy or mind twisty way.   At the end of the show, the grand finale is grim.  Very grim --and a little too realistic.   Then they herd you back to the bar where the merriment has been going on, with a great jazzy singer belting out songs.  The singer was trying to get participation/ response from the audience without success because we were all stunned from the sobering scene we witnessed 10 seconds before. Undeniably, a huge amount of creativity went into this show.  The decor, surreal atmosphere and stage set is fabulous.  The lighting is fabulous.   The detail is fabulous as only the Brits can do.  The premise of the show is fabulous.  the actors are energetic, focused and give their all to very physical performances.  the jazz quartet was great. But I left feeling disapointed and  like there really  wasnt much to the show -- like there should have been more to it.   On your way out, they try to sell you a $20 book to explain what you just saw.   So in addition to your ticket price, you pay for your coat, drinks and a book. Would I go again ?  Maybe -  the knee jerk reaction is to want to go again to see the scenes you missed.  but at $80 a show..........
One of my favorite shows of all time!  Immersion theater ( you follow characters throughout 5 story building). You are in charge of the show you want to see.  There's also a restaurant and lovely rooftop area.
I've been 4 times and there is really nothing you can say about this performance outside of spectacular! The sets, performers, stories, fellow visitors, all make this one of the best experiences of my life. without ruining anything i'd be sure to sit in large rooms for 5-10 minutes before i decided that nothing was happening here as you'll likely end up with a front row seat to something that others may be searching to find.
It's been days since I've seen, smelled, walked into, felt, touched...this show. I still don't know what to make of it. It's the most sensual and visceral theater experience I've ever been a part of. It's better than being a passive audience at the movies, films, and traditional theater...this is the future of entertainment! I cannot wait to go back and piece together the puzzle that is "Sleep No More".
Go to this. Book the earliest time so you have as much time as possible to see everything, Read up on Macbeth as you'll have a good idea of where the big scenes will be and when. Split up from your friends/loved ones as it's hard to stay together but fun to compare notes at the end of the evening. Wear comfortable clothes so you can move quick, if need be. I don't want to spoil anything, but be prepared for a dark, interesting experience that at times is a little sensory overload and at others beautiful in its quiet moments. The most unique, immersive theater experience I have ever had and I'm already figuring out how I can come back to NYC just to see Sleep No More again.
Interesting is probably the best way for me to describe this.   The bar area and actors there were entertaining.  The rest of the set was a bit too eerie for me.  I'm sure others enjoyed it, but it wasn't really my cup of tea. Could be that it was an industry event hosted by one of our vendors so I was there with work people and our account team so there were a handful of awkward moments.  Though there were masks, it wasn't really too anonymous knowing that many people. I'm not much of an interactive theater type so take my review with a grain of salt.
Very interesting experience, takes days to feel the whole effect of it. It can be looked at on many levels. To borrow from a whole different discipline: there is a simple meaning - the elements of the stories told; there is a deep or symbolic meaning - how the elements of the story express something about the characters; there is the comparative meaning - how the various storylines intertwine and give examples of the same; and finally there is the secret or mystical meaning, if you will. For me there certainly was a "mystical" meaning - even if unintended - as in the whole process of the play. They way you learn about the world of Sleep no more, this non-linear, multi-senses, indirect, partially self-guided, at times irrational process is the way you learn about life and the world. It is never a staright well verbalized story with a beginning and end. If only this play made me realize that and embrace it so to enhance my process of understanding of life, I already haven't wasted the almost $100. Also, it was great fun and I already have tickets to go back again...
Mmmm-k. I will give this a 3.5 star review until perhaps one day I come back... maybe. Seriously though, I tried to not look up spoilers for this show, so the only things I knew going into this were: 1. To follow a character and show character loyalty 2. Try to explore by yourself 3. Be close to the characters Sadly, I did all three, but apparently followed all the wrong characters and did not understand how to obtain the full experience of the show. I also had a 7:00pm ticket and I ended up watching people do meaningless boring or crazy things for hours. (I was there until 10pm closing.) I got tired and frustrated and, hoping I could bare through it to understand the whole meaning by the end of the show, I stuck it out. Of course... that did not happen for me. Sigh. So maybe it just wasn't my type of show - Broadway is more like where I belong! P.S. The settings of the performance are somewhat scary, but once you run into the characters you'll see it's not so scary after all... just creepy. Also - IMHO, I think you should know the plot and which characters to follow going into the show... for me personally, it would have probably helped make my experience MUCH better. **POTENTIAL SPOILER ALERT** Don't read below if you don't want to get accidental spoilers! I know nothing about the plot of Macbeth before I saw this show. I also did not know the plot was based on Macbeth until I had Googled it later. What I got out of the characters was that they seemed to be great actors/actresses and dancers. From the show itself, all I got out was that some guy went around killing a bunch of people and at the end he is hung. All the other characters are crazy in some way and they didn't seem to connect. I also followed around one of the nurses, and she pulled aside two different people into a room on separate occasions. Hoping to be chosen myself, I followed her around for a really long time, but in the end it was just a waste of time and I ended up boring myself with false hopes. Also, TOO MANY PEOPLE! I was super frustrated that there were too many people following the popular characters, so half the time it was hard to see anything. What was even more frustrating is that the characters go running and then you try to run after them, but end up losing them because some idiots in front of you don't know how to follow the crowd or a personan properly. Stalker-fail. I don't know if I can say I'd want to pay again to see this show. For the steep cost, I really think I should have at least somewhat understood what was going on when coming out of the performance, and I didn't. For all the high reviews and talk this show has gotten, I was pretty disappointed. :(
Was an awesome awesome experience. Loved every minute I was in there! At first I was really scared because I was afraid it would be like a haunted house and people would jump out and scare you. That definitely didn't happen so if you are worried about this too, then no need to worry! I thought the cast, the set, the lighting and music were absolutely mind blowing. The plot, I wasn't able to really get the whole thing (aside from the macbeth plot that I already knew about), I guess I need to watch Rebecca to understand more. Most of the time I also wasn't able to follow the lead characters so that took a bit away from the experience. But overall I really enjoyed it and have already booked for a 2nd visit. Can't wait for my 2nd visit to the McKittrick and I have a feeling there will be a 3rd, and then a 4th, and then a 5th..............
I came to the show thoroughly ready to have my mind blown.  Now while I did enjoy the experience, the decor, and the continuous traversing the stairs was no real issue, I felt like I didn't see much.  And I was constantly on the move.  I think it was honestly luck of the draw though.  I saw alot of Lady MacBeth but very little of the rest of the characters.  I saw a skit of the pregnant lady and a short one of MacBeth but never managed to find the "Rave" or any of the fighting (only saw blood on some of the characters at the banquet scene but not how that happened).  I was hoping to catch more of the witches and the pregnant lady.  I really wanted to enjoy it more.  Oh well.  It was still an experience and I am glad I went.
I came into two free tickets to this living gallery of macabre terrors. I feel super fortunate about this, not only in the financial sense but because I kind of chanced upon this rabbit hole. Seems apropos. Some peripheral friends had all gone in a horde last year. Half of them bitched that you had to split up anyway and that the best part was the bar. I was all too happy that their blase commentary had had a chance to fade by the time I got to go to this performance. The doors befitted the entrance to a members only masquerade type of affair. The mandatory $3 coat check was a pain, but probably for the better. After moving through a delightfully dark, industrial tunnel, we arrived smack dab in the middle of a plush, foggy room with a baby grand and old fashioned mic on stage. The bar. Servers were ladling absinthe punch for $14 per, but it was worth its price in strength, and while I cannot say I had visions, I was eyes wide open to the stimuli, which began when a young, tuxed man with slicked back hair hopped onto stage and winked at me, saying, "I see you," before telling all holders of Jacks (we'd received cards as our "hotel keys"). I had a 10. My guest went ahead (he had a Jack) slamming his Sessions beer in order to do so, but I found out that you can go with any group called after your group, so savored my poison a while longer and visited the intensely blacklit restroom prior to moseying up to the velvety entrance to The Hotel. The stage man was there with a siren who looked like Melinda Clarke (Marissa's mom from the OC), and it didn't take me long to realize they were in character. Their conversation constructed the fluid curtain through which we were all going to pass into the realm of Shakespeare's darkest perversion. They were talking about how you chop coconuts with a machete in the exotic islands, and I actually became paranoid that they knew that I had once volunteered in the Marshall Islands and chopped coconuts with a machete, and that they were getting to that level of detail to tailor my voyeuristic experience. To make things even crazier, I turned to the right and saw Ben Stiller, asking some way too young blonde chick where he was supposed to go. The elevator was sufficiently creepy. In it, a man told us to don our masks and stop talking. It gave me a rush of pleasure when two loud Russian model types finally shut their yap. The elevator operator told us that being alone would set us free. Then, we were set loose in arbitrary clusters into one of the four floors of the building. What followed was a highly sensual experience, and I'm not talking about the orgy scene in a strobe (which I gladly missed). I mean that the lighting was psychologically probing. The sounds and soundtracks warped time and space. And what I was not prepared for was the smell; different in each room - some smelling dank and rainy, others romantic and bygone, choked with the fragrance of old roses. Now, the big thing is to follow the characters around. But more often than not, doing this just reminded of reality because of all the aggressive masked asshole lemmings crowding around and shoving to get up front to interact with the actors. At one point, a man with an umbrella advanced to a grave and held out his hand. I wasn't sure if he was pausing for drama. While I pondered this, some bitch shouldered past me and pedantically took his hand.   So, I began deliberately walking into rooms where there was nobody, and it was in an area full of taxidermied animals that I saw Ben Stiller again! I recognized him by his wound up, apeish posture. Standing 20 feet away, I tried observing him, but then he seemed to catch on, and I felt guilty and put a stop to that. By the way, I wanted to steal several props during the course of the show; doilies, feathery fishing tackles, ink stained stationery....you name it. But I didn't. do that either. Soon, I became convinced that I was witnessing the best and most honest version of the story possible. I mean, I witnessed a murder. saw a dance in a ballroom, plus auxiliary scenesmore moving than the rest; a teary eyed man lip syncing to Peggy Lee's "Is That All There Is," two women sharing wine and history through burning stares across a small table... There was also lots of wiping of blood from hands, exorcist-style bed-flopping by naked women who were highly trained dancers who were so buff they had pecs like men. Everything accelerated towards a last supper type of slo-mo scene with a climactic ending (hint: at least one death). I wanted to keep hanging out, but someone touched my arm and herded me back out to the bar, where it everyone carried on as if all I'd done was go powder my nose. My advice is go as a BLANK slate (you can do reading up later), and go it alone. Don't be that jackass couple I saw LYING IN A BED to try to make it more interactive. That's what your tablets are for, you morons. Have SOME respect and you'll get your adventure, all right.
Sleep No More is definitely the most amazing theater experience I've ever had in my entire life.  It was certainly the best part of my last trip to NYC and it might be in the top 10 things I've experienced while on vacation.  I think about it all the time, and whenever possible, convince other people that they need to experience it for themselves. Here's my biggest piece of advice about Sleep No More: the less you know about it in advance, the better.  In fact, stop reading about it in Yelp in case you hear about something that takes away from your own experience of it. In case you're still with me, here's what I would advise you on: 1. Even if you arrive with someone else, make sure to separate upon arrival.  Someone else told me this before I went, and I dismissed it thinking I would want to go around with who I came with.  I was wrong, we abandoned each other as soon as we got there and we were glad to have done that.  It makes the post-SNM conversations that much better. 2. Wear comfortable shoes.  This may seem like an obvious thing to mention, but I didn't have the forethought to think about this and it kinda sucked. 3. There's 5 floors  to the hotel.  I wish I would have known this in advance because I somehow only made it to 3 and missed out on somethings completely. 4. Take the first slot available to you; you'll want to have a much time there roaming around and exploring.  You can always leave early (but you won't want to...) 5. Just get lost.  This experience is full of random happenstance, and at times you'll feel like you're not doing it right.  Don't worry; you are.
choose your own adventure awesomeness. i wish there was more time to hang around the rooms and live like a ghost in an abandoned hotel. go.
No Spoilers! Sleep No More is an experience.  Go in without expectations and wear running shoes. You will get confused, frustrated, disturbed, entertained, mesmerized and when the dots connect you will be fulfilled.  You will be dying to talk to the people you came with after the show, and as the dust settles you'll realize that you just went through something truly unusual and exhilarating.  It closes June - so hurry before the madness ends. PS You may encounter some full frontal nudity. PS 2 Find the one and don't let them get away... because they will try their best to lose you.
I am a little heartbroken that I didn't love this, especially since I know that it COULD have been amazing, had I caught some of the more interesting acts. I followed the advice of friends and did my own thing in the hotel, opening drawers, touching, snooping... I ran into some actors and followed them for a while, but got bored of running after a stampeding heard of people only to be too far back in the crowd to actually see anything. When I left and caught back up with my friends, I realized that they had had a completely different (and seemingly amazing) time! The show can be great, but you have to be where the rad stuff is when it happens. The entire show repeats itself too, so if you're in there long enough and come across the same spot at the right time, you will see the same act. I feel cheated since I was absolutely convinced I would be in love with it and I almost want to go again so I can prove it to myself that it really can be great... but I don't feel like spending another $100 on it! If I WERE to go back, I would do the following: 1. Wear more comfortable shoes (I thought the ones I had on were fine, but after three hours of sprinting up and down stairs and running across uneven surfaces, my feet were not happy) 2. Have some cocktails beforehand. I thought I was being smart by refraining so I could be sharp, but realized a few drinks would have added to the spaced out, creepy feeling. 3. Follow one character for an extended time, that way you get a full story. So, this rating is for MY experience, although I know that many others will differ.
Waiting on line, I craved a Xanax not knowing what I was about to get myself into but once you're inside (past the pitch-black maze) the fear disappears and you are completely engulfed into another world. There is a lot to see with so much attention given to detail so give yourself pleanty of time to explore and follow the actors.   Just one pointer for first-timers: I've read this many times in the reviews and it is so true- it is a unique, individual experience. You can chose to stay with a partner (not more than one), but it's easier to chose your own path because when a scene ends and the characters break up, you need to move quickly and chose one to follow. Also, it is probably easier to follow the main characters if you go weekday performance. Saturday night was packed. I'm still thinking about this sensual performance days later and can't wait to go back for an entirely different experience. For theater-lovers, there is nothing like it and if you hate Broadway, you'll love Sleep No More. It crosses all boundaries, allows you to walk through the set, engage with the actors, touch everything, and just be in the moment.
Let me just go ahead and guarantee that you'll never experience anything like this.  I just got chills thinking about it.  I've the opportunity to experience Sleep No More twice, and each time was unique.  Many other people have reviewed the specifics, but here are my main takeaways and tips. First, go in with an open mind.  If you want a date night and to hold hands, go somewhere else.  I have experienced this alone both times (as I was with my parents in town and neither of them wanted to go), and while I wish I had someone to talk about it with after, it is best to roam alone.  Explore!  I haven't been pulled into private rooms like some, but I've had the opportunity to directly interact with at least one character each time, and it was because I put myself out there. Second, eat before you come and hydrate yourself.  You don't want to spend time in the bathroom, but there are some to relieve yourself if need be.  You'll be running around so much and there aren't any snacks (aside from in the candy room, which helped hungry me out last time), so make sure you at least eat some dinner. Third, if possible, go back! The first time was like a test run for me.  I loved it, but when I went back, I had a completely different experience, and my knowledge from the first time helped.  I probably wouldn't do it twice in the same trip, but if you have the opportunity and funds, it is worth it. Fourth, enjoy it!  Don't be scared.  Don't over research it.  (Seriously, I know I'm writing a review, but read a few reviews and be done with it.)  This is such a unique and amazing thing... just have fun!!
Truly one of the greatest grandest aesthetic and performance experiences. EVER. Don't read anything about it. Go alone. And if you live in New York and haven't gone to this, you're a fool (we flew out from SF and it was worth every penny).
Really really awesome. Completely immersive/interactive theatre with amazing sets and sound design.
Dont read anything.  Just go, relax and get into it.  I would go early so you can really spend time exploring and make sure to hit the bar - the singer is amazing.  There are a lot of people, they can be pushy, try to stay with curiosity.  Wear comfortable shoes. It is a blast!
I had not heard of Sleep No More until a friend mentioned it a few weeks ago. She described it as a dark, voyeuristic experience through a makeshift hotel. She had found it interesting but when I asked her husband about it, he described it pretty much as a waste of time. I got a chance to judge it for myself on Wednesday night when two friends and I headed to the McKittrick Hotel in Chelsea - the site of Sleep No More (no - the hotel is not real). Foolishly, I didn't research this performance ahead of time so I had no idea it's a rendition of Macbeth. Not that it would have made a difference because the actors in Sleep No More are few and far in between (at least between the hours of 7 and 9 when we were there). If I had done my research, I may have stuck around for another hour to witness the orgy finale and to find the candy store. As it was, I missed both so that may explain why the performance aspect of Sleep No More was a disappointment. The real attractions were the set designs and music which were incredibly well done, transforming you into alternate spaces and moods. The best way to describe Sleep No More is to describe our experience, from start to finish.
An absolutely incredible experience.  So good that we're going back to see it again. Read a few reviews so you know what you're in for. It's not for everyone, but if you love Shakespeare and Hitchcock--go!
Let me disagree with some of the reviewers below: You don't need to read Macbeth to appreciate this experience. In fact, it might help to come in with a totally blank slate and let your mind wander. That being said, most people naturally felt the need to follow a narrative so they kept joining the annoying and sheep-like packs who were probably being led by inside plants. It's funny how reluctant most people are to carve an individual experience (which this is supposed to be). Of course, I gave in as well and joined the big, engrossing scenes like the minotaur orgy rave sacrifice and the dinner finale, as well as several bar scenes. Those are definitely the highlights, but the various sets are all individually awesome--from the moonlit forest to the candy store to the taxidermy gallery. You won't see everything, which is reason to return at some point (if you can stomach the hefty admission fee again). It's a wonderful bit of modern participatory theater that everyone (except folks with serious health problems and those mortified of the dark) should check out.
Unique, interactive experience unlike anything you've seen before! I don't want to give any spoilers away but I will tell you if you get the 6pm early rooftop garden entry which entitles you to about an hour's worth of tasty yet pricey drinks on the beautiful rooftop bar you will also be able to get a different and unique entry experience into the hotel unlike any other I've read about. Definitely worth it and the drinks are awesome! Highly recommend the show. Definitely wear comfy shoes you can run around in and throw yourself wholeheartedly into the experience and just enjoy all they have created for you. Don't expect to figure out the plot just take it all in. Very enjoyable night and I will definitely be back!
This show is not to be missed.  Each person will have their own experience there.  Even if you go with friends...separate.  Go your own way and do your own thing. The most amazing things can happen.  You can explore everything and everywhere.  Open up drawers and cabinets.  Read charts and letters.  Based on Macbeth but set in a 1930's hotel, the characters roam from room to room telling their story, mostly through dance.  You can follow one character through their entire story line or skip from one to another.  I witnessed things in the beginning that were later explained to me in the end.  I came in contact with characters, watched amazing scenes, and was stimulated creatively.  I am still thinking about the night hours after leaving.  This is something that will stay with me forever.  Well worth seeing more than once.  I want to say so much more about it but my head is so full right now from my experience.
What is everyone talking about??? This had to be the worse show I've ever seen...and what's with all the keeners in the audience running so fast after the performers they are pushing others???
Really... JUST GO! If you are reading these reviews before you go, you will ruin some of the mystery behind the performance. I'm not going to give away much in this review, but if you read others, it may spoil some of it. The best part about my experience with Sleep No More is that I did almost no research on it and just went after a glowing recommendation from a close friend. The only thing you need to know is: Don't wear glasses if at all possible (you get a mask) Wear comfy shoes Take as little into the building with you as possible DO NOT try to stay with your friends/group Be brave and experience it alone once inside I really let myself go once I got inside and wondered around for almost 2 hours before emerging back into reality. I'm not much of an emotional person, but I gotta admit, once back in the normal bar area, I really needed a minute or two to get my brain back to reality and absorb what I had just experienced. This was not the best performance IO had ever seen, but probably the most amazing interaction with the performers and set and overall story. Even the other audience members in the space seemed to be part of the act. Weird, amusing, intriguing, unique. JUST GO!
I wish I had read these reviews before attending.  Unfortunately, my friend wanted to "surprise" me with a mysterious night out.  Upon entering, I realized we were about to see "Sleep No More," the "theatrical experience" based on Macbeth.  It would have been nice to brush up on my Shakespeare beforehand, but I assumed I would HEAR  key scenes and it would all come back to me.  No such luck.  There is no spoken dialogue at all.  I mean, what's the point of doing Shakespeare if it's not spoken?  Shakespeare's stories were brilliant, spoken interpretations of traditional plots and folk lore.  "The play's the thing.."  But "Sleep No More" is a DANCE PIECE, and a lot of it is in tedious slow motion, with emoting dancers desperately engaged in "Method Acting" with their faces.  When they do speed up, it's quite acrobatic, but it's NO Cirque Du Soleil. (Which I love.  Dialogue-free, brilliant, up-for-interpretation story-telling.) The sets (entire detailed rooms) were amazing, but I kept wondering why so much of the budget was devoted to that, when nearly everything live was falling flat.  I also worried about the sanity of the designer, with his/her obvious obsessive attention to detail, and the volunteers or underpaid assistants who had to break their backs to complete it.  "Hey, Ma!  I'm interning in a theatre!" The best part of the evening was the bar/jazz room where a fantastic jazz quartet and incredible jazz singers performed at the end of the night.  They were absolutely outstanding and the room was so comfortable.  Unfortunately, on the night I attended, no one was allowed to leave the dance performance and take a quick break in the comfortable bar.  I don't know why.  After two and a half hours (with a half hour to go) I finally had to drink water out of my hand in the bathroom.
Went back for my second visit this past Friday, the Summer Solstice.  We had booked the earliest time, which is 7 and lined up around 6:45 to get in. It was not crowded at all! My son and I were literally the first persons to enter the bar area. We quickly got a drink and sat at one of the tables for a few minutes before being called into the elevator. It did get more crowded as time went by, but for the first hour, it was lovely to wander around without a lot of people. Like the prior reviews said, wear comfortable shoes!  You are up and down steps and some of the rooms like the "cemetery" have uneven flooring . It also helps if you don't carry your purse or bag. Put everything in your pockets. Definitely go around on your own. Fortune favors the bold!  The first time, I managed to follow several of the actors and this time I just kind of wandered around and stumbled upon the action. I did manage to have my first one-on-one. It was with the Porter - who I may be slightly in love with!  My advice is to be receptive and have body language that suggests openess to get a one-on-one experience. After a dance/fight scene by the phone booths, the Porter was thrown down by the male witch. I held out my hands to help him up and he grabbed them and whisked me away. It was the most thrilling and intimate experience I have ever had in theater. I was literally tearful and breathing heavy after my time with the Porter (but in a good way!) I found some people to be too aggressive with the actors by really getting into their face - yes, I'm talking to you, girl in the flowing white blouse! You have to be respectful of the actors space  but at the same time be willing to engage with them. I will never regret spending the money to see this show. I find myself dreaming of it and different scenes keep buzzing around in my head.  Be willing to experience some things that may make you feel uncomfortable knowing that you can duck out into the Manderley bar to get a break if you need it. (They have a very nice Cabernet wine there) So keep an open mind and just go!
Better than a Broadway play. "Sleep No More" is an interactive play based on Macbeth - it also incorporates a slew of noir-ish themes. You get to explore the gloomy and slightly creepy McKittrick Hotel, rifle through the set and watch as performers act out scenes with no dialogue. All while wearing a weird Scream/Guy Fawkes mask (which you get to keep - great for Halloween!). I really don't want to ruin it for you - you must go see it! A few tips: - Wear comfortable shoes. - Bring a sweater - some areas represent outdoor forests and mazes and it can get a little cool. - Don't rush - explore every room, follow every actor. Soak in the atmosphere. I had hoped to see it again in the fall,  but alas! it closes in September. I'm hoping for a Toronto performance?!?
awesome place, really hooked up. don't listen to the other yelpers. you don't need the most comfortable shoes, you don't have to know Macbeth, the acting is weak, about an hour or so into it you are looking for the exit, the bar on the roof top is cool, the actors don't speak so where everybody claims it's Macbeth doesn't make sense, they are dressed like its the 50's, one scene there's a naked guy and a topless woman doing their performance of a lifetime( out of place). it was different and worth I, I guess.
I just went last night and thought this show was very interesting. It is more like an experience, and you have the ability to roam freely though out the place to figure out the story. However I am not going to give it away, but just give anyone advice before they go. This is a interactive show, so you will be walking around though a large building. If you are wondering what to wear. Go casual. Sneakers or any comfortable shoes. You will find yourself walking up and down the stair wells roaming the different levels. It gets a little hot at times so Jeans and a T-Shirt are fine. Ladies will have to check their bags, and all cell phones are to be turned off. They also ask you to wear masks and to not talk (which is brilliant). Someone wrote that you might be running. I found that anyone who was running was disrespectful to the rest of the crowd. At time you will find yourself following an actor(s) to another room or floor to see what is going on. I think you just need to be in the right place at the right time and not force yourself. There is plenty of things to see. It is very possible to roam this place alone and can see the value in it. You can stick together so don't be worries about loosing your friend. It may be hard to stick with a group of people, but you will cross paths from time to time. It's really up to you There is a nice bar to have a drink. The people involved are very nice. The Management was great. Our tickets got messed up on line and we ended up buying tickets for a later show without knowing. The manager was incredible and found a way to let us in. We were very grateful for that. I gave this show three stars for now. Someone wrote that the first time is like a test run. I agree, and it takes a while to absorb where you are. I would say it may be worth going back alone to see an earlier show to really roam around and find clues. Though it was very dark in there, it made it tough to read letters and research clues. If anything this is a lot of fun. I hope this helps
I think I built this show up in my head. I thought I was in for a treat when we walked in and were served absinthe shots but it ended up being just okay. Walking in to the hotel you get a creepy vibe, all the actors and ushers stay in character throughout the night. First of all there is no speaking, not by you or the actors. It is tiring, you go up and down 4 flights of stairs, run after actors and are on your feet for about 3 hours (no heels ladies!). Be prepared for nudity both male and female. The story is hard to follow sometimes specially if you lose the character you were following and join a different scene. I agree with some posters that say it's not so much a play, but more of an experince, a cool one at that but I don't know if it is $100 a ticket worthy. Best part of the night was the after party, it was a 1920's carnival theme. $100 tickets for open bar all night (this was exluding the play ticket price, but what can you do it's NYC pricing). It wasn't typical open bar either, it was serve you 3 drinks at a time with good alcohol open bar. They had live entertainment (as in freakshowy stuff) and amazing jazz music that turned into dance as the night went on. It was so upbeat, and many people dressed up having a great time.  I would give the after party a 5 star rating. I wish I could attend the New Year's party, if it is anything like the carnival party it is worth the price. Long story short the play would get a 3 star, the afterparty would get a 5 star.
Simply Amazing!  It stays with you long after you've left!
This is by far one of the best things I have ever seen. Without giving too much away I will tell you what you need to know. Dress comfy including shoes and be prepared to walk a lot and climb stairs. However, an option is to take is easy and hang at the piano bar - which I thought was amazing in itself. Just like the others have said, don't rush around because there is plenty of time to explore. So have a drink, or two, and relax at the lobby bar. Who knows how many shows are left, but I surely want to go again.
Great concept. The set, costumes, and period details were awesome. It was extremely spooky. Think 'The Shining' meets 'Eyes Wide Shut'. However, I missed a lot. Here are the reasons why. First off, there were way too many people. Maybe it was the fact that I was there on a Sat night but you lose a lot with so many people competing for what turns out to be small viewing real estate. And some people have no manners when it comes to that sort of thing. The point is to pick a character and follow them. Apparently, each scene will repeat 3 times over the course of your experience. So once you see it all the way through from one character's perspective you can switch to another. Unfortunately, I learned this afterwards. It would have been nice to get some of this info BEFORE seeing it. The problem with following just one character is that you have to move through the entire set with them, which is no easy task and them add 50-60 audience members trying to do the same. The character goes through a doorway into a hallway and a logjam occurs. If you weren't lucky or rude enough to knock people over to get into that doorway you'll miss everything that's going on in the hallway. I found myself trying to avoid the crowds bit in that process I missed so much. Then when I succumbed to the crowds I still missed so much. Anyway, trying going during the week or earlier showings.
I saw this twice - once in late July/early August, and again in early September.  In many ways, I want to give this five stars because it was one of the most intriguing,unsettling, fantastic, exciting theater experiences I've ever had, but I agree with the reviewer who said that it may be becoming a victim of its own success, hence the 4 stars at this point in time. Others have posted general guidelines - comfortable clothes, wear contacts not glasses if you can, etc.  I won't repeat that in detail. I love Macbeth and I love Hitchcock and Rebecca, and I think that Sleep No More does a fantastic job of creating that unsettling aura of the unknown, of something menacing lurking around the corner, of being stuck in the tormented dream of someone who has partaken of horrors and whose innocence is lost.  Part of the magic of the first time was feeling so unsettled - a bit frightened, disoriented, unaware of time and who was monitoring it.  I stumbled upon room after room of fascinating creations and performances.  If I lost interest, I could wander away into something entirely different.  If I was interested, I could stand transfixed...and I did. I'm not usually one for interactive theater but, of the three of us that went together (and were immediately separated, much to my initial chagrin and, five minutes later, delight), I received two one-to-one performances which were fantastic.  I managed to stumble into most of the "major" scenes.  I could barely get the experience out of my mind!   On my second trip, it did seem that there were more folks, like me, who had already been there, so it was less unsettlilng.  I had a mission to find a few areas I hadn't seen the first time around, so that was satisfying.  And the repeat performance was still highly enjoyable, but I think that, for me, the complete unknown nature of the first time made it all the more powerful.  Also -- the crowds of people who seemed to be returning for the third, fourth, and fifth-plus times really did distract.  Many people there were "on a mission" and it did get a bit jostly and pushy.   So - LOVED this and still rave about it to anyone who will listen, but I agree that it is changing and morphing, which may not be a bad thing, per se, but I am wistful for my first visit, and a crowd of people who had not yet lost their Sleep No More innocence.  But...then again...maybe that's part of the point.
It's the return of the CLICK CLACK shoes! Yes, that would be me with Italian oxfords roaming about the 4 floors of Sleep No More madness that was last night. I think I had even MORE fun I did the second time around. WOO HOO for RETURNING GUEST ADVANTAGE! It was definitely LESS crowded on a Monday Night (or any weekday night I would assume) than it was on a Saturday Night (or any weekend night I would know). With that being said that did not stop people from running into me, "trying" to unintentionally block my view by blitzing into a matrix like position to get a better vantage point. I didn't cleat anybody as I indicated that I would upon a return trip to this feast for the eyes entertainment. I might have stepped on a few people's feet though. I would like to say THAT was unintentionally but... I think the best part for me on this humid Monday night was knowing exactly where the characters would be and who I might need to follow for the more important sequences. I did not RUSH. I did not RUN (except for the last showing of the orgy). I ran hard for that one.  REALLY HARD. But then I relaxed when I got to my spot knowing where all the action was going to take place. As a matter of fact, I did that throughout the 3 hr performance. I secured my spot as a person who have seen this show might do to get the BEST vantage point. I did RE-FIND the candy shop and actually tasted the candies this time as I missed this essentially task the last time I attended this show. Apparently, I was not aware of people following my "click-clack" shoes or those who peeked into the candy shop to watch what I was doing. As I indulged in the candies so did all that those followed me/peeked at what I was doing. Great..."This is how you get ants". - Archer Then like ASHOLES that they were, they left the jars OPEN so that is ruins the curiosity/surprise element of those who should have been allowed to find this on their own. Bunch of bloody asshats... So I did the considerable thing and closed all the jars/reset their original position on the shelves. I think I perused in between the coldest rooms and the candy shop for most of the performance. The performance I did refresh myself on I might have gotten a bit too close for. Actually I did get TOO CLOSE on 3 sequences. STOP READING IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THIS SHOW!!!! SPOILER ALERT!!!!! SPOILER ALERT!!!! Okay continue reading if you have attended this show before... 1) The prego lady whom I always don't recollect her name fell literally by my feet.  At which time, I gently took a step back. 2) The lady in the TURQUOISE dress who inevitably shows her heavenly goods to the audience.  She plopped down nearly exactly around the same distance from my feet as the prego lady did.  It was also the understudy and not the regular actress Whoopsie. I did get a much closer gander at her goods than most of the other people who were there I suppose. Tee-Hee? 3) The man with his Johnson hanging out with blood all over it.  I DEFINITELY got WAYYYY too close on this one.   I was in his way UNINTENTIONALLY when he moved the tables. And when he went back to the dancing which is essentially the orgy scene I leaned back forgetting that he had left his "mark" on the table cloths where he gripped the table to lift. When you get PENIS "BLOOD" on your jeans is really the moment where you have to ask yourself, "Is this TOO Interactive"? The answer is always most certainly, "YES". I spent the next 10 minutes scrubing that stain like I was trying to stone wash my stone washed jeans in the bathroom. I got my forearm exercise and cardio done all in that same bathroom with that one activity. The bathrooms inside the confines of Sleep No More exporatory spaces are the best, the ones downstairs ARE NOT.   I did some texting, I Yelped, I checked-in, I read my email, I "cleansed" my jeans, and I took a piss. In all that time I made it back just in time to not miss a beat for the final scene. CONS - 1) The Gallow Green was closed due to "not having enough patrons".  Those who don't know, it is the rooftop bar.  Maybe what 2) My home girl who came with me to this performance had to go to the loo before the show and she did so by asking the 2 girls manning the PRE-SHOW Absinthe/champagne drinks that you had to pay for, Friend ; "Do you have a bathroom" Girl : "Yes." **AWKWARD SILENCE FOR 20 seconds** Friend glances at me briefly Friend : "Um, could you show me where it is" Girl : "Sure!"  **Points to around the corner** I was sure it was because she's in character, my friend wasn't as certain. *Snicker*... 3) The girl that checks you in asked if this was my 1st time.   I said no and she HESITANTLY asked "how many times". I said "Two", at which time she handed me the card with a concerned glance. What if I had said "Six"?  Would I have been denied entrance? Weird. I won't return for a third attendance. it wouldn't be SLEEP NO MORE, It would be INSOMNIA.
Just. Go. And eat at Porteno beforehand. After the fall of this block (nymag.com/news/features/…), who would have guessed how much fun, of another variety altogether, one might have here five years later.
The best show that I've ever seen!! The earlier you go, the better experience you'll have. You'll be blown away by it all. I've seen it twice & plan on seeing it again for the third time soon. I highly recommend seeing it with a group of friends and slitting up so at the end of the show, u'll be able to tell each other your experience. GO SEE IT IMMEDIATELY!!!!!!MUST SEE SHOW!!!!!!
I had wanted to go to SNM for a long time, but didn't go until I had a friend to go with, we were split up from the start, and I'm glad we explored separately but it was still good to have someone to talk with before and after in the lounge. I can see how people would not like SNM and give it low ratings because unlike other shows where you're just sitting in an audience, you have to be willing to participate which might stretch some people's comfort zones. When I left the elevator I started following everyone to the left, but then decided to back track and go in the opposite direction. I'm glad I did, because it led to a nice intimate mini performance with just me and a couple others. There were times that I felt like I was "doing it wrong" because everyone seemed to be chasing actors in a flock, which I didn't enjoy, but I found that if you stay still and explore on your own a lot of interesting come to you instead. I read Macbeth in school, but I think the performances were only vaguely inspired by them, and it's unlikely that you will experience them in the 'correct' linear order so just enjoy them as isolated performances. My only regret was at times being too timid, backing away from some performances, and missing some opportunities to drink/taste things that were lying around (but then again maybe not the best idea for nyc flu season)
Absolutely amazing experience! You will run up and down several flights of stairs many times, but it's worth it. While the meticulously detailed sets are helpful to the overall atmosphere, they can also burn up quite a bit of time just exploring them.  You really should also try to follow the actors around and watch them act out their portion of the play.  They will repeat their portions a few times through the night so just follow another actor if that happens. You will not be able to see everything and that's part of the fun.  Bring a friend or two and split up.  And be prepared to chase after the actors because they will run at times.  As you're told in a quite devious way when riding the elevator at the start of the play, it's better to experience it on your own and share stories about what you each individually saw afterwards. And if you're lucky, an actor will take you by the hand and lead you into a separate room that nobody else can go into.  That happened to me and I won't reveal what transpired.  But it looks like all of the actors do this to some degree during their portion of the story. Be sure to stay around after the show and enjoy the great live music they have in the bar / lounge area. I'm definitely coming back when I'm in NY again.
Interesting experience. Read Sage V.'s review. He got it right. (except I wasn't that impressed with the performance).
Absolutely fantastic. Don't spoil it for yourself and Google it. Don't re-read MacBeth. Be open to running around and finding interesting nooks and crannies. I'd love to go again. I'm sure it would be just as fantastic. PS. I was lucky enough to get two private encounters with the actors -- it was incredible!
After hearing rave reviews from many people, my girlfriend and I decided to go...what a mistake!!! We both found it incredibly boring. The actors seemed to be disinterested and their dancing was poor (at best). The scenes have no point but still some members of the crowd are so obsessed and obnoxious, standing nose to nose with the actor trying not to miss anything, that what little enjoyment you may experience is wiped away. As it is right now, this theater is a complete waste of nearly $100.
Went to see this with a friend this past weekend. What an experience! We had NO idea if there was any sort of a plot, it was mostly interpretive dancing but it was still a great show. I was first off the elevator and I thought everyone was right behind me, including my friend I went with, but then the door closed behind me and I was alone! I had a very interesting individual experience involving a nurse and a wheelchair, I ended up finding my friend later, which was good because the place is SO huge and confusing I could have easily not seen her again all night. Take your time going through each room and seeing the letters and intricate set! The only thing I would complain about it the SNOTTY door staff that loved to make you wait outside, even when you have a reservation (even WORSE for rooftop bar) and the fact that I felt it was overcrowded. It was hard to chase after the actors with 50 other people trying to do the same thing.
I am in the strange spot of feeling one way during the experience and another way afterwards. I had heard a lot of buzz about the show and knew a lot of friends who had went. I admittedly somewhat blindly bought tickets knowing the show was different and somewhat of a mystery. You probably have a similar relationship to the show if you are reading this review to get a sense of what SNM is all about. My advice -- go see the show but also read up on it a bit a few days before. For example, I did not know the same show looped itself 3 times in the 3 hours we were in the building, which would have been helpful in terms of planning the night. Also, do try to split apart from any friends you go with; it's worth coming back together and comparing notes. There's a big community out there who see the show multiple times so as to understand the whole thing fully. If you don't have the money to go more than once, you'll have to be satisfied with not knowing a LOT even after 3 hours. Beautiful set. Dramatic scenes. Lots to explore. Definitely a unique experience. If I could do it again knowing what I know now, I would!
I was terribly frustrated and disappointed to discover that SNM is nothing more than a gimmick, an opportunity missed, an exploitation of beautiful modern dancers who are underpaid for what they do . The fact that we, the audience, ran around for three hours from one empty room to another to catch a glimpse of a "happening" between characters who are over dramatized and not very interesting, was an insult. Especially after spending 75 dollars to get in, another 3 dollars to check my stuff (mandatory) and then another 10 bucks to order a drink at the bar because they leave you waiting there so long before you get to actually enter. The concept is great and there would be so many ways to make it a clever and tantalizing production -- kind of reminded me of Tamara, an interactive  play from the 80's that drew the audience into a labyrinthine story and played at The Armory behind closed doors, in dark rooms etc. Much more complex story telling though also not entirely satisfying. But it was more thoughtfully crafted than this piece so loosely based on Macbeth that it mine as well be about a nameless tragedy. I say get 20 more dancers to fill the dozens of rooms that are empty so there is always something to discover, no matter where you end up - lest you wonder around seeing nothing for half of the evening. I guess that would mean less money in the pockets of the producers. And maybe there should be some more varied choreography so that you don;t have to see the same lifts and partnering no matter what character or world you enter. There were so many amazing rooms to create more innovative interpretations, spacial relationships, and nuance. Such hype .... I am still thinking today... those poor dancers who are underpaid and overworked ... they really deserve a better venue to share their talent
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY.   I stood and watched a woman for about 20 minutes looking through drawers.  Another woman was folding sheets for about 30 minutes.  I walked around and saw another couple rolling around in a bed.  Really? All this while trying to keep up with actors running through a crowd of masked observers.  There is absolutely no plot whatsoever.  I could care less if I was singled out, which I was, to have someone mumble nonsense to me in a closet.  Wow!  All I can say is what a total waste of time and money this is!  It is overrated, there is no clear story, and the environment is nothing in comparison to events such as Halloween Horror Nights in Orlando/Hollywood.  I know they are not the same but a better comparison can be made as you are walking through actual sets versus watching a stage production.   If you really want to see a rave/orgy between to topless women and a full on nude dude with a mask on for just about a $100 a person. They ask you to buy a program at the end and say "you will understand the story if you buy one."  WTF??  You need a program to figure wtf was going on?  Luckily, I didn't have to buy one because my friend really wanted to know what was going on.  It had the same cast pictures that are listed on their website and it still says absolutely nothing about the story for $20.  Then this is the place for you.  This is an absolute gimmick, do not believe the hype.  If I could, I would give this negative stars.
I think for a straight guy I've seen my fair share of shows in NYC (Miss Saigon to Avenue Q, Blue Man Group to Jersey Boys) and none of them were like Sleep No More. I don't think it's fair to tell you what it's (supposedly) about or what pop culture references came to my mind while exploring the 5 floors for 3 hours.  I can tell you that it's a strange show because what you bring to the 'hotel' and how open and adventurous you are can determine how much you like it. I left completely bewildered and not sure what I just experienced but I can't stop thinking about it and to me that made it worth the price of my 'room'. (I don't recommend getting buzzed before because it's a really creepy and sinister experience and having to tinkle isn't fun when you're searching and trying to figure out what's going on.)
We did come once more. I know, 3x seems a little crazy and a little expensive, but I had a good friend from CA in and we'd been talking this show up for months.  I will say that twice is probably enough. This time I did feel like I had pretty much seen/experienced/felt it before; there were no real "new" moments for me. But I did learn this fact that I kinda wish I had known before: Sold-out shows still have premium tickets available. I had assumed premium = incredibly expensive, but it really was not a huge difference in price. Plus, as a premium guest you do not have to wait in line. You breeze right past the ordinary folk and start the show promptly at 7 PM (even if you show up at 6:58 PM). Also, you don't have to pay for coat check, so you save a little cash and time. Bottom line, yes three times was a bit much, but yes go now if you haven't.
Was anxious I was not going to get the most out of this show... and you will NOT get to see everything... but I came away LOVING it.  My partner and I stayed together... I wanted to share this experience although so many reviewers say to see it on your own... we took the advice of checking out many of the rooms for an hour (on the top floor)... and the forest was amazing... but many of the rooms were simply stage sets.  Very well done, but ultimately, not all that interesting.  We stopped when we came upon some "minor" characters... but most not very interesting, except for the woman in the red dress who sang "Is that all there is."  But, it ALL GOT VERY INTERESTING when we came upon MacBeth (he is blondish and has a beard).  Yes, it's best to find the major characters (MacBeth or LadY MacBeth) and follow them (it is not necessarily easy to find them... perhaps my best advice is to follow a large group of people running when you see them?).  And it is NOT EASY to keep up with these characters... they do run fast!  But, it's FUN.  People running through the halls chasing a character... there was one time we were running up a staircase, and other viewers were running down the staircase.  Exhilarating, yes.  Anyway, once we followed MacBeth, we were led to the best scenes.  The blood orgy/baby was one of the most amazing things I've ever seen in the theatre.  And some amazing sets... the graveyards.  You will be directed by the staff in black masks to the end scene... which is really well done.  Everyone ends up in the bar afterwards, and you realize two hours of your life just whizzed by, and you totally enjoyed it.  The bar was filled with 20 somethings, and my partner and I are in our 40's and 50's, so we left.  There is lots of running, so you do need to be in shape to get the most of it, and like everyone else has said, wear sneakers.
In NY and looking for something to do that will have you questioning everything you ever thought of performance art? Have a wad of cash you were going to spend on seeing a Broadway play even though that's not your thing and you're just doing it to do it? Well, my friends, Sleep No More is the answer to all your social erotic scavenger hunt dreams...in complete silence. I'm super thankful for a few locals tipping us off to this experience, as it really is a unique way to spend your money and time. I'm also thankful they gave us as much background as possible before going in or else I would have been pretty lost and wondering why I just paid $125 to explore a hotel in Chelsea that had been turned inside out to look like every nightmarish setting you can imagine. I won't spoil the experience for you, but I do think it's worth every penny because it leaves you thinking about it, talking about it, dreaming about it, etc. for a significant period of time after. Four things you need to know: -You have to give over your belongings upon entering.. keep a cc or cash on you so you can imbibe in the bar before the event starts -You'll be wearing a mask.. it gets sweaty -You can't speak... at all -Choose your own adventure... don't concern yourself with your group/friends and follow the actors if you so desire to see more of the hotel You won't make sense of anything unless you read the blogs and articles about it before or after, so just be in the moment when it's happening. Access to the gorgeous rooftop restaurant/bar afterwards is a pretty sweet bonus!
My boyfriend surprised me with tickets to this performance. Not telling me where we were going he told me "wear pants with pockets and comfortable shoes" me: "where the heck are we going a theme park????" him: "I'm taking you to a hotel" me: "yeah sure!!!" Anyway he was right. When we first walked in you're forced to check in your coat and bags. If you want to carry anything you better have pockets to store everything! One lady threw a fit about the whole thing because she felt like she was being tricked and mistreated but hey if you're coming here and can't handle having your clothes checked, how will you deal with the rest of the performance? We were told to put on the masks, keep quiet throughout the performance and explore. okay, I have to say, I can't handle any scary movies, so walking around a "haunted" hotel while seeing creepy people walking around with white masks = me cowering the the corner. But after a while I LOVED it. The performers rarely talk and when they do, they whisper/ mumble (i ran up to one actor and put my face right up to his just to listen). They definitely promote an interactive performance, one of the audience members was treated to a shot of whiskey?while the actor was joking around with him, another was asked to wipe someone's tears. Also, you should explore as much as possible!! I saw one of the audience members crawl into a cardboard box on the floor, so i thought "why not" and followed. In the small space we found a fort made out of cardboard boxes, some cards and two shots of alcohol. How the guy found the crawl space? no idea but like I said, might as well explore. The actors were amazing, but this is not for the faint of heart. There was so much blood and nudity. Just standing there with all these naked bodies, I felt like such a voyeur. Overall this was a great experience. Wear comfy shoes and expect to be running around a lot!
So if Stanley Kubrick, boredom, and disapointment had an incestuous threeway? It would be called Sleep No More.  This Chuck E Cheese of low brow interactive theater is all hype and no delivery. None.  How could anyone thrill in this weak-end set design? (yes, a puny term for weak set design that could be done in a weekend)  They immediatly hand out white masks to cover the extreme level of disappointed faces that must be going on.  Every floor was a constant one up of nothing happening only to be interrupted by a large cluster of masked frustrated folk following "actors" "acting" in what in what I can only assume was related to the room in no explainable level.  Slow dancing on couches? Reading a book in a nook? Slit wrists in a bathtub? Slow motion homage to the DeVinci Last Supper?  Plotless, pointless, pathetic. These are the anthems of Sleep Some More.  If you like entertainment, see how $80 can burn in a origami fire. If you want to feel horribly fooled by friends recomending Sleep No More? Pay up and best of luck
Coolest experience in NY.  Couldn't quite describe the experience,, it was surreal.   The smell, the sounds, the visuals, the actors... they were all spot on.  As with other reviewers, wear comfortable shoes,,, you will be walking and climbing stairs.   Release your inhibitions.. be open to new experiences,, and this show will drag you to another world. Witch's rave scene with the strobe, loud music, nakedness, orgy, blood, goats head, and baby will have your heart racing.  Try to follow an actor/actress for a while to get the story from their perspective, the story resets 3 times during the evening so you could follow different people each time. Definitely a must do in NYC!!
You will spend a lot of time in this place. Such a fun and creative concept. The whole entire plot and production is so wonderful...you just have to go for yourself to understand what I mean. The mask you are required to wear made me a little uncomfortable, but that's fine. I wish I lived in the place- I didn't want to leave. You will have to come here more than once to piece the whole puzzle together.
Hard to follow after a long day. Actors were extremely dedicated, but ran too fast to participate in the next scene and too many people followed them that it honestly made me want to go sit back downstairs at the bar the whole time and watch the band. People who love this show must not be into too much theater, or perhaps this is just "so different" that it intrigues people with bigger brains than mine. Honestly, I felt like I was in a haunted house, but no one jumps out at you (thank God). Staff was amazing, minus the huge jerk who works at the coat check who thought he was working security for the President (you all know he was the gay, dirty blonde haired guy yelling at you for putting your stuff together, swearing your going to get lost and separated from your partner in 5 floors worth of space when everyone meets back up in a TINY room at the end, and then gives you 2 coat check tickets...ANYWAY...God he was annoying - may have ruined the whole experience actually).
Pre-Show note- unless you are a fast drinker do not get the pre-show drink. You can not wander the hotel with your drink, so they make you finish it before you enter. Screw even having a chance to enjoy your one star quality prosecco ("champagne"), or fake absinthe cocktail, you will have to down that sucker like it's a shot. That or leave it behind after they have your $25. Now for the show: I get that the Hotel is pretty cool, and yes it's something new and different, but this show just didn't do it for me. Maybe I just didn't do the experience right, or maybe I just missed the part where the show would have made total sense, but I thought this performance was completely stupid. After being forced to separate from the person I arrived with, I spent almost the first entire hour rummaging through rooms looking for clues, and a character to follow. I finally found my first characters in the box like saloon playing an interesting game of cards, and then there was a murder. This scene was interesting and the show still had some potential at that point, but it became a down hill journey from there. For the next two hours I followed different characters around the hotel and watched slow motion silent scenes, dances, fake fights, and a scene where everyone was overcome by Demeter (the only scene I actually understood).  All of them were completely  stupid. This show was just another one of those artsy pieces where the creator thinks he is brilliant , and the people who enjoy this type of work find meaning where there is none. Then those people over analyze it to death (the deep thinkers). To us average folk, it is completely nonsensical and boring. I know Macbeth well, and I'm sorry but I just didn't get it. It was a great idea that turned out to be a colossal disappointment.  I can think of a million ways this show could have been better. As for the bar- it was cool. I wish there were performers on stage (maybe i missed that part). The drinks were average NYC prices. but they didn't taste so great.
So my gf said let's go check out this show called "sleep no more" I was intrigued so I agreed. Now I will say I was very weary and hesitant but like most people have said go in there with an open mind and you will have a good time. You get there and you get smooooked for the obligatory coat check which I later agree with since your basically sprinting all over the place inside. We walk through the maze and get to the bar, now I am one of those people that need alcohol to have a good time so I order from a good selection of beers. We finally get called and they are issuing us masks, I'm glad that we got to keep them and they weren't reused. As for the performance what can I say, well let's say this id rather go to a house party and get black out drunk. But I am a very open minded person and I give anything a try once this included, I can say that it was fun trying to follow the things that were going on, but my complaint was the same in that to many people trying to do the same thing of following the actor so at times you feel Ike you will be stampeded to death. all in all a great show. 4 stars because I only give food 5 stars.
Weird but totally worth it. That's all I'm saying as I had read too many reviews for this beforehand and it kinda spoiled my fun. Wish I hadn't, which is why this is short and sweet. Just go and explore, let your inhibitions down, and you'll have no regrets. It's just that cool.
3.5 stars. Unique, memorable, fun.. but also somewhat over-hyped, a little tedious.. i actually got a little bored and "over it" at some point. It's fun to chase the actors around the place and try and peice together the story.. it takes a lot of work to figure out what is going on and what the narrative is, I stopped trying to. my friend and i split up right away and in our break-down after the fact it was clear we each missed lots of things, which is fine, means it's unique to you. I personally enjoyed exploring more than watching the actors and dancers, who were great.. there's a lot of FOMO going around though - everyone really sort of scrambles to see everything - and after I experienced two of the coolest rooms completely accidentally i was a little anxious about what else I missed - i think they do this intentionally but for the $$ you want a little bit of assurance that you're really seeing at least most of it - I wish there was a bit of a roadmap for going through it, not with everything but just some very basics. Also i found the mask really uncomfortable - either too tight on my head, or if i loosened it it sat low on the bridge of my nose and made it not so easy to breath. also you can't wear glasses with it which is annoying. I LOVE the idea of wearing a mask, but maybe they could be slightly better designed?   also, -- SPOILER -- i got completely stuck on the banquet floor and it's mezzanine/balcony after it turned into a forest, there was stuff going on, but i was just really sick of that area and no matter how many turns i made and stairs i climbed i kept ending up in one of the same 3 places... it gave me the minorest of panic attacks. I loved the bar by the end, the jazz band and vocalist was a lot of fun. It's worth it, 100%, but it's not a slam dunk I wish they had more interesting things to explore without the actors - like letters that are actually short enough to read and move on, props that you can do something with.. also i like the interactive parts - when they push you aside while they are dancing (seems they do this both for safety and affect) and what the (Semi-Spoiler) elevator guy does - I wish they had actors coming up to you and handing you things, or leading you somewhere more - i saw one actor holding a man's head during an intense scene and that was like the only instance of that that i saw and it was really intense... maybe more of some less intense version of that?
I don't want to give too much away so I won't say too much about the story.  I will say that it's not really that worth it to wander off alone too much - more action happens when you follow the pack.  It's disappointingly hard for a petite woman like me to see what's happening sometimes because I think they put too many people in each group.  That was the only thing I can really complain about.  I think this was a really interesting, unusual experience and I would love to go back and see it again!  As for the drinks, I highly recommend the absinthe punch!  Just sayin! Tips: wear comfortable shoes, if you have an option of glasses vs contacts wear contacts because you do have to wear a mask inside, plan to stay for the music performances after the main show - the bands are excellent!
Fantastic, mesmerizing, enchanting! I saw  a lot of performances in the U.S. and in Europe, and, must say, "Sleep no more" is one of the best ones I ever attended. Even if you never read Macbeth, never saw any of Hitchcock movies, do not speak English- you'll still be able to appreciate the beauty of the play (?):)! Actors, staging, and the idea of making such incomparable to anything  else show, turn the performance into the very, very unique experience. Go, see, participate, be a part of each scene, each movement. Open yourself to the twilight of you mind!
WHY ARE YOU ON YELP? WHY AREN'T YOU AT THE MCKITTRICK?! GO. GO. GO. I've been 3 times. This is the most hauntingly magical place in the world. Can't wait to try their rooftop restaurant/bar, Gallow Green. Seriously, go.
Definitely the absolute highlight of my recent trip to New York. My wife and I were absolutely amazed. We have never really experienced anything quite like it. I would recommend Sleep No More to anyone going to New York City. It is just that good.
If you only find one thing useful from my review is this, WEAR COMFORTABLE CLOTHING & SHOES.  Not heels, no baggy clothing, etc.  Wear comfortable flats or tennis shoes, ones that allow you run around.  Wear clothes that aren't so hot as this is indoors and even though there is coat check it is poorly ventilated inside.   To really enjoy this production, you have to fully immerse yourself with curiosity.  Alot of people who come and don't actually flip through the props and run along with the characters will feel a sense of disappointment and confusion and then anger because they think they've just wasted their night & money.   I had a wonderful experience because I ran around chased one of my favorite actors, flipped through props and investigated used my imagination etc.   This is a nice change from traditional shows where you're glued to your seats and your ONLY option is to watch the performance. If you're following an actor/actress that doesn't intrigue you, go find another.  Its a few floors, don't stick on one floor.   Sleep No More is one of those things you get how much you put into it.
Sleep no more was unlike any show i have ever seen.  If you are not open-minded or appreciative of performing arts then skip this.  I came here for my 25th birthday present from my mom.  After reading some reviews i was worried she would hate it or not feel comfortable.  Surprisingly after meeting her at the end she seemed to enjoy it!  My mom is an English teacher and appreciated the Macbeth aspect of it.  All in all it is definitely a cool thing to check out with one of your quirky theater friends!  Id go again to try and get more of a different view/ experience.  Also, i recommend trying to stick with a character.  I did nt, and regret it.
If you have only seen Sleep No More once, you need to see it again. I had a completely different experience the second time around by following a different actor - all the scenes I saw were new to me or at least I saw them from a different perspective. This production is simply brilliant - I can't get over it. I noticed that they have added more "safety" aspects to the building and performance, such as numerous exit signs so you can actually find the stairs now. And the "ushers" will direct the attendees now for certain scenes to ensure that people stay out of the actors way if there is going to be a big choreographed number. After seeing this production twice, I feel I really must stress some "Sleep No More" etiquette and tips: 1. You are not an actor in this production - do not put yourself in the scene. Just because you can get close as you want doesn't mean you should. Give the actors some room and don't distract them while they are trying to do their job. And while you are at it - give the rest of us some room too. We all paid to be there, but none of us paid to see YOU right in the middle of the action or have you walk in and plant yourself right in front of someone. Stay back and let everyone else see the actual actors. 2. If you are going to actively follow one of the actors (one of the points of this production), then FOLLOW him or her. Quickly, before he or she disappears somewhere. If you are not going to keep up, then get the hell out of the way so the rest of us can keep up. Otherwise, you are just in the way and you prevent others from seeing the next scene in its entirety. 3. To get the most bang for your buck, get tickets for the first time slot in either the early or the late show. That way, you have the full amount of time in the production (three hours) and for the first hour, there are less people. As people are let in at 15 minute intervals for the next hour, it will start to fill up, but at least you will have had an hour with less people in the "hotel." I can't stress how amazing Sleep No More is. I want to go every weekend!
Ok so I won't spoil anything... But I do want to say this was different and exciting. I really enjoyed it. It can get a little boring every so often. it's all about being curious... My feet were killing me when we were done (and I had on flats!!) do wear comfortable clothes. The only thing that was annoying didn't have anything to do with the venue nor the characters, which by the way was amazing! The decor inside and the talent these people had was amazing to say the least. However, it was the other guest there some were breathing sooo hard I guess from walking fast or going up and down the stairs and their breaths smelled like ASS!! And so did there underarms! Uuggghh I was annoyed every time I smelled someone's FUNK! Other than that I really did like this place! And I want to come back! ***TIP*** if u don't want to separated then when u get on the elevator do not be the first one by te door. Because on the first floor the man will open the elevator door and say "after u", let u get off then close the door and not let anyone else off... Sooo good! I want to come back!!!
Look, I'm not going to go into huge detail. There are about 400 other reviews that do this below and above mine. I'm a native New Yorker. I'm a tad Jaded. I've gone 4 times. I've loved it every single time. It's exhausting, Creepy, Freaky. Beautiful. Exciting, however let me put this out there, you will most definitely need to put some effort in. If you don't go in, run around, peek and explore...You won't like it. It is an interactive experience and if you don't interact, you won't enjoy it.
Guys, if u have an option to go somewhere else (instead of this "performance"), just do it. Don't waist ur time and money. The king is naked!!!!
GO GO GO GO GO GO! AND GO! DO NOT MISS THIS. I will never see anything like this anywhere else, I hope it's still playing when I visit NYC again. The only issue (and I'm not even marking them down for it) is the black-masked staffers (the handlers making sure there are no issues and you don't go into an area you're not supposed to, which there aren't many) were big jerks. The host of the evening tells us to explore explore explore, and these handlers were not tollerant at all (why weren't we allowed to go up to the top floor? Put a gate up, then! Looking behind a curtain, it was pulled out of my hands gruffly. Tell us to not go where these staffers are, then!!).
Terrible experience. Take your money and go to a ANY other show. It is both overrated and overpriced. I went with a friend and we bought tickets for the show and dinner. Food was cheap and the show was terrible, not to say disturbing: too many naked people and blood. We ended up leaving early. It has been the worst 300 bucks I have ever spent. Really disappointing.
This was a great experience. Unless you are a Macbeth scholar don't expect to have much idea what is going on, but that really wasn't a big deal to me. It was much more about the experience. The free form nature of everything lets you make it what you want it to be. Highly recommend it, way more memorable than any broadway show I've ever seen.
This is the worst thing I have ever thrown money away on. It doesn't even deserve one star. We attempted to follow characters around but it was so crowded that often we'd ended up losing the person we were trailing after going up and down four flights of steps. Many characters literally ran away as well, so you're running up and down stairs in the dark. When we were at a scene it was hard to see because of the large groups. And because you have to wear these plastic masks. But, really, there wasn't much to see. Scenes were both boring and confusing. The "actors" didn't even talk. It was more like watching a mixture of dance and charades. I thought my husband, the English teacher, would like it and get it since he teaches and loves Shakespeare, but not a chance. We headed back to the bar early (which btw is pretty run-down with holes in the ceiling...not sure where the fabulous rooftop bar is?), but when the show was over it was so packed in there one could barely move. Couldn't wait to leave, but then had to wait over thirty minutes in a hallway for our coats! This show is a complete pretentious avant-garde rip-off!
Performing arts like you've never experienced before. You live the play, literally. But you don't really understand what's going on. Lots of running involved.   Expensive, but you get your money's worth it. That's all I am going to say.
Listen up, Yelpers. If you, 'didn't quite understand the experience', it means there was nothing to get. Sleep No More is terrible. I challenge anyone to sum up the concept and aim of this show in one sentence. Yep, the production value was incredible. That's why I gave it one star. Other than that, Sleep No More is barely worth a review. Here's what to expect - You'll put on an 'Eyes Wide Shut' mask, wander through a huge multi level warehouse and watch a few contemporary dance pieces. At the end of the night, you might have a funny story or two. To get your money's worth, remember these stories and recount them at your next party. Here is mine - I honestly went into this experience with an open mind. I walked around alone, read all of the books, opened all of the drawers and tried to follow one of the actors through a scene. After that, I caught on quickly. "Oohhh, I get it. This is dumb." Case closed. Feeling bored and tired from walking around in my heels, I started to purposely head in the OPPOSITE direction of the actors and viewers. I just wanted to sit down. I found an empty room with a few tables and chairs and grabbed a seat. I had been seated for all of 30 seconds when the lights cut out. Now I'm sitting in total darkness but at least I'm still sitting. Fast forward 30 more seconds. That's when the techo music starts followed by the strobe lights. Sweet. Please keep in mind that I'm still alone in this room, but not for long. With each flash of the strobe I see an actor enter into my room. Everyones wearing a dress and sporting a wig. It was a trans-gender jamboree. The next thing I know, someone kicks the party into over drive. A woman has removed all of her clothes and is now thrashing around while wearing a Minotaur's head. Next, a man rips off his dress and proceeds to give birth to a bloody baby ALL OVER MY TABLE. Sigh. From that point, a full fledged dance routine was performed for the audience members who managed to make it into the room in time. The punchline is that I never left my seat. I was still sitting there after everyone cleared the room. What a mess.
So much fun!   If you're a theater geek like me who has seen it all, you need to experience Sleep No More!  I have been twice and had totally different experiences each time.  It's a fantastically creepy, wonderfully creative and interactive experience that melds dance, drama, film noir and suspense into a fun evening! I don't want to give away details, but I will say this to those who want to go: Wear comfy clothes and running shoes - you're gonna get sweaty and possibly be running after people up and down 5 flights of stairs.  It's a very physical experience. Don't be too concerned with following the story of Macbeth.  Just go with the flow and indulge your curiosity.  If you want to open a drawer and rummage through, do it!   If an actor locks eyes with you, look back at them!  You never know what might happen when you create a personal interaction like that.   All in all, it's a wild time and while expensive, it is worth it!  I'll most likely go back a 3rd time, just to see if I can have an entirely new experience!
Oh gosh, there is so much to be said about this "experience" I hardly know where to start. Sleep No More is basically immersion theatre...and they FULLY immerse you. It took me about a day for me to wrap my head around what I saw, but after I processed it, I wanted to go back and do it all again. The brilliant thing is that if I do, I'll have a totally different experience! Don't go expecting to have a clear understanding of what's going on, or to see a clear plot...this is like bits and pieces of a weird, Surrealist movie. Take it for what it is and just enjoy the super creepy experience. There are a million reviews and guides on how to do this "show" so no need to go into it here, but I guess what you should know is that it will take you out of your comfort zone and mess with your head a bit and not be like anything you would expect. So if you like to walk on the wild side a bit and feel like something different from your normal theatre experience, this is your best bet. Hope they bring a show to Toronto...we have lots of old warehouses down by our waterfront and I think Toronto crowds would LOVE this type of crazy!
An evening at Sleep No More is visceral, sexy, and at times as intimate as whispering in a crowded subway car. For those unfamiliar with Punchdrunk's production, Sleep No More is an experimental theater performance that takes place in the former McKittrick Hotel. The space has been renovated for the show and, as such, bears only a passing resemblance to its previous incarnation. Live your own "Choose Your Own Adventure" book for up to three hours: shadow one or more actors, or wander the McKittrick independently. If you're lucky, you or a fellow patron might be involved in a scene or two. Expect close contact. Participants must remain silent and masked the entire time, which amps the creepiness factor and makes me consider Sleep No More - while touted as an individual experience - as an experience best shared. The show's content and format can be overwhelming, so if you find yourself distressed, retreat to the cushioned safety of their jazzy jazz lounge, ask for a gin and tonic - heavenly stuff - and sit a spell. Once the alcohol starts taking effect, dust yourself off and re-enter the fray.
Definitely worth the unique interactive theatre experience. After it was over, I could not stop thinking of it. It kept me up all night. And truly fulfilled it's title of "Sleep No More!" Going with 4 others, we each had a completely different experience. Some of us were lucky enough to be intertwined in the play as audience members partook in minor roles throughout the mansion. There is no way to see and experience it all, so don't plan to. Instead, act as if you were an investigator traveling back to the 1930's; you are in charge of discovering as much information in the little slice of the broad picture we call Macbeth's story. Get into it. Be of the story; and stay within it's sudductive trance. Here are some tips that will help you enjoy your experience: 1) Brush up on MacBeth. Read the cliff notes or Wikipedia summary, understanding the characters before your arrival will help you realize who's who during the play. 2) Wear comfortable shoes. You will be running up and down stairs (there 5 stories total- explore them all, 6 stories if you are one of the few chosen ones). 3) Carry nothing. Check you bags/purses at the complimentary coat check. 4) It will get hot and maybe dirty, wear appropriate attire. 5) You will be wearing a venetian mask throughout, wear contact lenses for better comfort if applicable. 6) Take your allergy medication or Sudafed to clear up those nostrils, you need to use all five senses to enhance your experience (plenty of "staged" dust around to inhale). 7) Be as loud as possible without speaking a word- meaning, go through all the drawers/chests, touch everything you can, open all suitcases, read all letters, and don't be discreet about it. 8) You are not allowed to touch the actors, but they may touch you (to say the least). Trust they will not lead you to harm. Don't be afraid to get in their way, be bold. 9) Although exploring the intricate details of the rooms adds to the unique experience, following a MAIN character will introduce you to the pivotal scenes otherwise missed. Try to stick to just one. 10) Sampling from the candy store is encouraged, if you dare. 11) Leave a lock of your own hair, if you wish, in the hospital's hair collection of prior patients. 12) Play along with the actors when they interact with you. 13) Look behind curtains and peek around dark corners. 14) There are hidden doors and trick panels that could be explored, you may find yourself in a story within a story. 15) By going on a Friday or Saturday, you can stay in the "Mansion" till 2am, otherwise 10pm all other days (no shows on Sunday). 16) I had the Punchdrunk shooter and Champagne (both $10) and they were excellent. 17) Relax and have a good time! Last ticket's sold in NYC: September 5th! I HIGHLY encourage attendance with NO reservation.
Here we go, another tasteful review by Jimmy C. ... If you follow the female actors long enough, you'll get a chance to see their boobies. I think I saw the chesticles on all of them except for the pregnant one. She wasn't really pregnant, she just had a ball under her dress or something. There's a lot of abstract dancing and not much story to follow. My girlfriend was all, "Oh, I get it, I understand it." I was glad one of us did. My friends said they stole stuff from the show. I walked around and I couldn't find anything worth stealing. I say, don't bother, it's just a bunch of old books and rusty nails. I've been reading some of these rave reviews by other people and they're crazy. The creators of the show are a bunch of geniuses. At the end, they asked if you were interested in buying this $20 souvenir book that explained things you missed. I burst out laughing cause I must've missed everything. I didn't get the book though cause I'm pretty sure when you open it, it'll just have the word 'SUCKER' repeated over and over. Go rent a movie and save yourself some money. Two stars, one for each booby.
A unique experience. You take the elevator to the second floor. You where masks. Once you leave the bar, your journey begins. No talking. Music is playing. The actors do not speak either. As you walk thru the 5 floors you see and experience the show in your own version. You make your own way to see and experience different scenes. Wear comfortable clothing so you can walk thru the hotel easily up and down stairs and thru the different rooms.
Originally I wasn't going to write a review for Sleep No More.  No, not because I didn't like it.  In fact I loved it and couldn't be more enthusiastic about recommending it.  It's just the fact that when I saw it, they said that the play was only going to be around for another month.  And this was after they already extended another month due to popular demand. "What's the use of me writing a review if it'll be gone in a matter of weeks?" was my thought at the time. That was months ago.  And they are still around.  Since Sleep No More doesn't seem to be going anywhere anytime soon because of it's popularity in NYC, I decided it was high time I write this review. Sleep No More is a traveling play (which haven't done much traveling since they hit NYC apparently), that depends as much on it's surrounding as it's actors and actresses. From what I heard, they adjust the play according to the building for each city that they are currently performing in.  Each city's version of this play is different because of what they are able to rent. In here, you are less a audience member then a voyeur.  You don't just see but also experience.  Hidden behind identical masks given to each person before entering the play, forbidden to talk, this strips everyone but the actors and actresses from their identity.  You are but one of many ghosts watching the events unfolding.     There are multiple events happening at the same time in this five story  hotel turned stage.  There are many rooms to explore on each floor.  Many scenes to experience.  Where you are at the time, what you get to see, and what you get to touch depends heavily on you.  And yes, you get to touch anything and everything you see in this play outside of the performers.  Pick up and read the notes left behind by the performers.  Open drawers to see what the people are hiding.  Eat the candy from the candy store.  Touch, feel, experience, it's all part of what this show is about. Get some comfortable running shoes ready, you would be running after actors and actresses when they decide to switch floors for another scene.  I do mean run.  Man are they quick and they won't wait for you to catch up.  Be ready to run into (sometimes literal if you are not looking at where you are going during the heat of the chase) multiple groups of other voyeurs following other performers while chasing your scene.  Decide to follow them instead?  You can. There are some scenes that includes nudity.  There are some scenes that would make you a little uncomfortable because of it's atmosphere.  This is a play intended with the mature person in mind. Every hour, the scenes on every floor repeats itself, giving you the chance to try to see and experience something that you missed before.  The earlier you get into the show, the more time you have to experience these cycles before it ends.  No matter how hard you try, you WILL still miss something.  There is too much to see in one go.  There might be times when you, the lone lucky voyeur, would be selected to see and experience something that only you are allowed to experience.  They would drag you into a room and shut it before anyone else could get in.  This would be your exclusive part of the puzzle that is this drama. And what is the story?  I couldn't tell you if I tried. What each person gets out of it depends heavily on what they themselves saw.  For in this play, each story is your own.
About five minutes into my adventure some guy came running out of the shadows choking and I lost my wife. At this point I felt weird and toyed with the idea of returning to the bar area. Not that it happens to me often, but I feel awkward in crowds of people in scary masks attending an experimental play. I started to worry that I was becoming another silly New Yorker who suffers through "performance art." - one of those insufferable  dunderheads who stare at some crap abstract painting and barf up pretentious nonsense about its true meaning. I really don't want to be those people. But then I figured, fuck it, I've got a scary mask on. I wandered around the dark "street" pining for my wife and eventually found myself looking into a funeral parlor. A gentleman was seated at a desk writing something, so I figured I'd wander in and stare at him. He was surrounded by several of us - people in creepy masks - watching him write a note. Then he got up, looked out the window, and left. Some folks ran after him. I decided to rifle through his desk (you're allowed to). After that I was enjoying myself. I wandered in and out of stores and houses, watching scenes unfold, looking through drawers, reading correspondence and trying to find my wife. It made me realize that it's hard to find my wife when she and everyone else is wearing a creepy mask. The mask is pretty liberating too - in a brief bout of extraordinary optimism on my part I looked at masked women and assumed that every single one had attractive faces underneath. I eventually stumbled into my wife again. We found ourselves watching a pregnant woman clearly in distress. She apparently took a liking to me. She held my hands and guided me to a door. She opened the door with a key and led me in to a tiny room with an altar - then closed and locked the door. It was just us. She caressed my cheek and asked me if I was okay. I nodded yes and started to wonder if my wife was standing outside wondering what the hell was going on. Then the woman took off my mask, hugged me, rubbed my hands and generally made me wonder if she was going to make out with me. She gestured for me to kneel at the altar, then reached around me (very close - I thought she might nibble on my ear), tore a page out of a book and folded it into a pocket. I stood back up and she dipped my hand in a goblet of water, ran my wet finger down her face and put the "tears" into the pocket, which she handed me. Mask back on, door opens and next thing I know I'm standing in a room alone realizing everyone had taken off. Apparently my wife wasn't too concerned that a woman dragged me into a closet. And I'd lost my wife again. Anyway - weird. But good weird. Really well done. After the grand finale I found my wife again and we compared notes: I'd seen a wonderful pair of breasts and my wife had seen two penises. A most unusual evening indeed.
Are you 16 or above? Are you fit enough to run up and down a few flights of stairs? Do you own comfortable shoes and summer clothing? Have you heard of Macbeth or Hitchcock? Do you have an open mind and a spirit for adventure. Don't even read my review anymore, please. You HAVE to go see Sleep No More. Seriously, I said stop reading. Alright, fine. Since you insist. I won't reveal too much about my experience itself, except that I loved it so much, I have watched it twice and I am considering going a third time. Not just because I loved what I saw, but because even after going twice, there are enough sights and scenes I haven't experienced. I will however, give you some tips. - Book the 7 PM show, get there early, and stay till the end. It's the only thing that ever makes sense. More bang, same buck. - Try to read up a bit on Macbeth, it really helps to be familiar with the characters. Similarly, it helps to be familiar with Rebecca and Vertigo. - Wear comfortable clothes and shoes. If you get hungry/thirsty during the show, maybe you can grab some candy from the candy store or drink some of that stuff the actors drink now and then (it's not alcohol.) It _will_ be hot inside that mask so carry a handkerchief or tissues or something. - You can sit on the chairs, you can read all the letters, you can touch the taxidermied animals, and you can go scarily close to the cast members (no promises as to what will happen after that, though!). Be brave. - For the first viewing, it is worth following Macbeth himself for a good chunk of the play so you can see all the main scenes people are raving about. Smaller scenes have the advantage of personal interaction. -Don't forget to hang out at the bar, it's the perfect antidote to an intense 3 hours. Don't forget to collect the credits list from the coatcheck lady. Looking back at what I've typed, it all seems so formal and controlled. Sleep no More is anything but that. It's surreal, explosive, exciting, and the best form of theater there ever is. Go.
The jazz singer in the bar after the show was the highlight for me.  If there was a bar like that in the city, without an $80 dance performance attached to it, I would go all the time. For the rest: Cool set, but don't waste your time looking through the papers on the desk, reading letters, etc. adds little to the experience. Don't read Macbeth before you go, you will have no clue how any of what you experience relates to the play on anything but a superficial level.  I challenge anyone who has seen this show one time to explain the plot, what it has to do with Macbeth, and why it's relation to Macbeth is interesting (no cheating by reading the souvenir book).  I'm not saying there is no connection with Macbeth, just that you won't appreciate it while you are chasing after the actors like a flock of sheep, and it really won't enhance your experience.  Others will disagree, but this is my opinion. Don't be bold.  Fortune doesn't favor the bold.  Fortune favors those who happen to be standing in the right place at the right time.  If this happens to be you, you will be rewarded with a personal interaction with one of the performers.  I got to dance ballroom style with the bald girl for about a minute (while she still had the wig on). Way too crowded.  I've paid $20 for nosebleeds to see an opera at the Met and had better view of the stage than what you will get at Sleep No More crammed into a small space vying with other audience members for a view of the performers. The dancing is OK, but there was never a moment where I was in awe of the performance.  Not one time where I was  moved with anything resembling a desire to applaud.  A lot of gimmicky pseudo sexual/violent overtones, including the nude scene set to strobe light and house music.  My friends and I could have choreographed that one.  Yawn. Most of the audience seemed so bored while I was there.  At one point another audience member was standing behind a hotel front desk set piece, and I walked over and rang the bell.  We both chuckled and sort of shook our heads like, what the fuck. The worst part is after I left I went to another bar, and since I still had the souvenir mask with me, people kept coming up to me and asking if I was just at Sleep No More.  When I said yes, they inevitably would tell me about how amazing their experience was when they went.  This is fine, but the problem is they weren't just telling me how much they liked it, they were trying to convince me that they had THE BEST Sleep No More experience of anyone.  It was like listening to a stoner talking about how he got so stoned that one time, more than anyone else has ever been stoned.  "You don't understand man, I was so fuckin high, that shit was the best ever...you don't understand".  I think because Sleep No More allows for individual experiences, it triggers a competitive reaction with people and they feel they have to come away with the best Sleep No More story.  If that means telling people that seeing all the candy in the one room was so fuckin cool (you don't understand man), then that's what they have to do. Anyway, as Shakespeare famously wrote, "There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so".  So, I think this was bad, but if you genuinely enjoyed it, knock yourself out.  Just spare me the details.  And if the show is no longer running, just go to a jazz bar, a museum, and a strip club and you will get a similar overall experience for probably less money.
The emperor has no clothes - in other words, I just didn't get it.  I understood it was based on Macbeth, I picked up spots of the stories, followed cast members, but in general it was just a bit too oblique for me to understand.  I'm no Norman Einstein, so I didn't pick up who some of the characters were until getting the program at the end of the show.  It was still a ton of fun in an amazing set, but from the performance I just didn't really get the story - must have been too many times of watching someone read and waiting for something to happen (it doesn't). Following are things that you should definitely know before you walk in - no spoilers follow. 1. You WILL sweat.  It could be 40 degrees outside, and you'll be baking inside.  Dress how you'd dress for playing an hour of pickup basketball.  The people behind us were in heels and dressed up from the meatpacking district, I was in shorts, tshirt, sneakers, and Yelp sweatbands - we looked at each other like the other was crazy.   2.  Bring a sweatband/headband - the worst part is the sweat under the white mask.  Bring a towel too - you'll feel more human, trust me. 3.  Get there before your start time, even at say 10:30 for a 11pm start - being one of the first ones in you can follow cast members without crowds or others and move easily through the hotel. 4.  Don't get a drink when you get there - your number will be called within 5 minutes and no drinks in the hotel. 5.  You can go in from the bar together, even if you have different numbers - just wait until the higher number is called.  Example: You get a 2 and 3; when 2 is called, A and 2 can enter.  When 3 is called, A,2, and 3 can enter (it will make sense when there). 6. You WILL lose track of anyone you came in with - unless one of you is on a leash (no comment)  it's unlikely that you'll stick together for even one rotation. 7.  There are 3 rotations - meaning the story is an hour long, and happens thrice with action happening at all time throughout the hotel. 8.  If you want to meet up with each other - best time is at the end of each rotation on the floor of the ballroom scene - most all actors come together in the ballroom, and there is signage on how to get there.  Either that or the bar afterwards. 9. The bar - Will be filled with people who didn't know what they were getting into and dressed incorrectly.  Overpriced and stuffy - no need to spend $85 to go to a lounge. 10.  Follow the music - if nothing's happening and you're lost, go to the music. 11.  Dress appropriately, including a sweat band and a gym towel - not a joke, and worth repeating. Go, have fun, don't take it too seriously, and make sure to catch the blood orgy!
* CONTAINS SPOILERS * Sleep No More is a fantastic show but can be confusing since you are not sure who is who, when is when, and where is where. This made our first time at the show rather unsatisfying - we couldn't properly connect all events and weren't sure if we had missed anything essential. We recently went a second time and it all made more sense. Here are some tips for making the most out of your evening. The first thing to know is that the show repeats two and a half times between 7 PM and 10 PM (I assume it's the same for the late-night show). Each run is marked at the beginning by a ballroom dance involving the main characters, and at halftime by a slow-motion banquet. Both are held in the ballroom on the ground floor (the Court of Scotland). If you were to stay there throughout (which you shouldn't), you would witness the sequence dance (around 7 PM) - banquet - dance (around 8:10 PM) - banquet - dance (around 9:20 PM) - banquet (9:50 PM). The last banquet is special because it ends with the hanging of Macbeth, which is also the end of the show. It is a good idea to book as early a time as you can, so that you can use the first run to understand the storyline, then use the second and third ones to explore further. To understand the main story, I suggest that you follow Macbeth. To find him if you arrive at 7 PM, go to his bedroom (third floor). You will see Macbeth by himself, getting dressed and then leaving to watch the dance from a balcony (first floor) overlooking the ballroom. If you didn't catch Macbeth in his bedroom (or if you jump in at the second run, which starts a bit differently), just go to the ballroom (ground floor) and find the character watching from the balcony (he stands there for a good five minutes, and Lady Macbeth looks up to him several times). After that, just run after Macbeth and you will see the following scenes in more or less this order: - Macbeth and Lady Macbeth first bedroom scene - Macbeth killing Duncan - Macbeth and Lady Macbeth in the bedroom, washing the blood off - Macbeth breaking down - Witches rave party with strobe lights (with prophecies handed to him) - Macbeth killing Banquo in the bar - Macbeth at the banquet (halfway point), with Banquo's ghost appearing - Lady Macbeth going crazy - Macbeth wandering the ruins just outside the bedroom - Macbeth seeing the forest move, also in the ballroom (this makes one prophecy come true) - Macbeth fighting with Lady Macduff (pregnant), who is about to leave with a suitcase - Macbeth being taunted by the witches in the lobby of the "hotel" (second floor) - Macbeth putting on clean clothes together with Banquo, then returning to the dance (second run starts) After getting through the first run like this (or the second one, depending on when you arrive), you will have the basic framework of the story down. Then, you can follow other characters in the remaining run(s); once you know who they are from the first run, you can follow one of them starting from the dance or the banquet scene. From the banquet scene, you can follow Lady Macbeth or the nurse all the way up to the sanatorium (top floor - fifth), where Lady Macbeth tries to wash the blood (real and imagined) off her hands. Macduff and Lady Macduff have a sequence of scenes together. The witches are also pretty interesting to follow. One of them spends some time in and around the village stores (fourth floor), partly as a corpse being examined by the taxidermist. Events also take place in and around the hotel lobby (second floor), involving a butler, a detective, and another young woman with a suitcase, but most of these seem decoupled from the main story (I might be wrong here). I hope this helps. Needless to say, we thoroughly enjoyed the show and don't regret having gone twice.
NO SPOILER, JUST ONE HELL OF A STORY. READ ON. If you've read all of the reviews I imagine they will all say the same thing; Sleep No More is a fantastic way to spend an evening, something you won't soon forget. So what I'll share is a special experience that I had myself a few months ago to perhaps alter the way you handle yourself during your few hours of fun at SNM. I went to SNM with a group of eight people, all great friends, and all of us had almost no idea what to expect. We all dressed to the nines because, well, we don't usually have the excuse. And while we had a few drinks while waiting to be allowed in (EXPENSIVE) we were all pretty sober. We had a clear plan, stick together and enjoy the experience as a group. Without giving away much, I could instantly see that this would be much more fun on my lonesome, so I split. Within ten minutes of roaming I was instantly in a room all by myself. I was in a room full of taxidermy just surveying the decor when one of the actors walked in also by himself (this is rare because most people follow the actors relentlessly). Instantly, the actor walked up to me and simply looked into my eyes and without saying a word held out his hand. I had no idea what he was asking for, and because you aren't allowed to speak I couldn't really ask questions. So I gave him my hand. He smiled and nodded to a door that was also in the same room, one which I had previously tried to open but was unfortunately locked. Then the actor pulled out one of those awesome old timey keys and swung the door open revealing a small bathroom, lit dimly by a blue florecent light, and an ominously loud running shower. Not going to lie, this is where my heart started to race. Oh, did I mention we were the only one's in there? Cause yay. So, very slowly he opens one of the bathroom stalls to reveal a small, metal bench and two small stools. Gesturing me to sit in one of them, I was immediately relieved I wasn't going to be forced to take a shower. I wasn't, however, happy when the actor did not sit down with me, instead choosing to close the stall door and turn out the light, and walk out of the room. Let me repeat, I was in a small bathroom, inside a huge old hotel, and no one that I was there with knew where I was. I'm just saying, some crazy shit starts to go through your head. I was on the verge of getting up when it happened. The lights came on and THE ACTOR WAS SITTING IN THE BATHROOM STALL WITH ME. Heart stops, just for a moment, no words could explain that feeling. I'm not a dramatic person at all, but that single second will go down as one of the most frightening experiences of my life, and wait, it continues. As he gazes at me he lifts a silver plate with what looks like two candy gumdrops on it and a syringe filled with a black liquid. Lifting the syringe he presses out a small amount of the liquid out onto one of the gumdrops. At this point I'm all in, so when he looks at me to choose which one to eat I choose black. I must have chosen correctly because once again he smiled, took my hand, and opened another door that was locked and took me into something that can only be explained as a "Blood Orgy." I mean, if you go, and have a better way to explain it, please let me know, but I think I'm pretty close here. With that happening I was completely jacked up and the rest of the night was a complete blur. I ended up running into my friends, where after the experience I tried to describe what I had gone through. I still don't think most of them believe me, but whatever, who the crap would make that up? So, moral of the story is this; Roam alone, at least for a while, and maybe, just maybe, you'll be luck enough to have a very unique New York moment.
I'm probably one of the very, very few people who will give this one star, but seriously, I was bored 10 minutes into the show. I loved the entrance, the old-world style bar, and the general setup/design. The actors were passionate and kept in character the whole time. But I personally did not understand the story line or purpose to the whole thing. If you followed one character like many people suggest, you get bored very quickly, as the characters often stay in one place for awhile doing not much of anything. If you wander off from room to room to explore, you quickly become lost and don't understand the plot.   It was a waste of my money and I wouldn't recommend this to my friends.
I saw this last year. Yes, I'm writing a review a year later. Why? I was doing some spring cleaning and came upon the mask and the experience came flooding back. I think it's better now to write a review than right after the performance because it shows the true power of Sleep No More.. the best way I can describe SNM is that it's a haunting surreal experience that simply stays with you much like a dream you notice how everyone says the same thing? it's dream-like.. surreal.. haunting (not in a scary way) but there's no other way to describe it.. here I am writing this review a year later and I can still see the events of the night much like a dream I was in. I won't go into details on what happened.. but rest assured the night you will experience stays with you long after it has happened that is the true greatness of Sleep No More.. here I am a year later and the question as real now as the night I went.. "did that really happen?" yes.. yes, it did :) now good luck getting tickets!
I'm keeping this short and simple: this was the coolest thing in NYC I have ever experienced
I am completely obsessed with Sleep No More! I have been to the show 3 times now, and definitely recommend it as a must see for anyone in the New York area. It is absolutely brilliant and the actors are extremely talented. Sleep No More is an immersive theater experience. You are put right into the set alongside the actors. Although there is a story line, you decide the scenes you see by following the actors. Even if you follow different actors throughout, it all comes together in the final scene. The show is loosely based on Macbeth, however I don't think its necessary to be completely familiar with Macbeth in order to enjoy the show. To get the most out of your Sleep No More experience, I think its best to go more than once. The weeknight shows are more affordable ($75) then the weekend shows ($95) so if you try to go multiple times I would recommend the weeknight shows. I also highly recommend splitting from your group and navigating the show on your own. You will be running and going up and down stairs so trying to stick with your group might be difficult you will probably loose sight of the actors while trying to keep your group together. Of the 3 shows I attended, I got the most out of the performance when I split away from my friends. It was nice to meet up and hear everyone's experiences at the end.   When you first enter, take some time to go through the different rooms of the hotel. The set dressing is incredible. The set in each room is extremely detailed, meticulous, and reflective of the time period which I feel adds so much to the overall experience. The show will run about 3 hours with the actors performing the show in 3 cycles. So, if you miss something the first time you can try to catch it in one of the other cycles. No matter which actors you choose to follow, you should head down to the bottom floor banquet hall at about 2 hours and 45 minutes into the show to catch the final scene. The final scene is beautifully haunting and incredibly performed. It is not to be missed. Be sure to wear comfortable shoes and clothing, as you will be running throughout the performance. Also, wear a watch. Bring cash for the coat check ($3), because they will make you check all of your belongings. Save time at the end of the performance to enjoy a drink and catch up with your group in the bar. It's a great 1920's speakeasy with live music.   Enjoy!
A friend told us about this great theater and  my boyfriend and I went. It was really different than anything I have ever experienced. The performers were impressive and the venue was awesome! I will definitely be going again. This is definitely an experience to try out.
I'm torn between wanting to give useful information and wanting to help keep the mystery. Two of my friends have been here and they didn't want me to read any spoilers or research the show because they wanted to shroud the experience in mystery. I get why but being the... prepared... person that I am, these are the things I wish I had been aware of when I walked into the McKittrick: - the scenes are all an hour long and then repeat three times, on the hour. We walked in at 7 and stayed until 10 and if I knew it was the same scenes done 3 times, I would have done a few things differently. - when you find a character, stick with them for a while. To me, digging through the rooms wasn't very helpful when trying to figure out what was going on. - split up. I came with 4 people and a lot of the fun was going back to the bar and talking about what we had each seen. If you all stick together, you'll have a harder time piecing it all together.  Plus, you hand holding couples hold up the crowd, knock it off. No scary guy is gonna get you and there's nothing romantic about this place. - some of the characters are boring and don't really add anything to the main storyline. I followed one character for 30 minutes or so and was disappointed that I didn't see anything very interesting. - if the volume suddenly gets louder in the room or music starts playing, be prepared to be flooded with people following an actor. Most rooms were relatively quiet until just before a scene started. - while the crowds are annoying, in general, they indicate something good is going on regarding the plot. Get to a high elevation in a room if you need to see above a sea of heads. - be prepared to push and be pushed. I watched the final sceen with this woman's boobs pressed against my back because she was trying to get to the front and I wasn't budging. Bitch, I got there early and was prepared in the front and if you weren't, you're SOL. Also, if you're following an actor and they take off running, RUN after them. They wait for no one, you will lose them in the maze of a building if you dawdle. Crap I didn't like: - it's priced for tourists but really there should be some sort of multiple admission discount. One visit isn't enough to see everything but at $80 a pop, I'm not going to be rushing back. - you can't require that people leave their bags and coat but then charge $3 (cash!) for coat check. That's just shitty. I'm supposed to go coatless in the cold because you're already charging a ton for a ticket but want to nickel and dime me out of more money? Ew. - there's too many people on any given night. I went on a Monday and our friends said that the crowd was much more chill and it wasn't as packed as a weekend show. Whaaaa? I felt like a herd of cattle many times trying to follow the actors and story lines. - why does everyone have to repeatedly get nekkid? It was gratuitous, IMO. I'll say this, the first 20 minutes I was in there, I was annoyed with my friends for suggesting SNM. But by the time I left that night, I was really wanting to go again.
Put on you new balance cause you will be walking and stair climbing all night. Bubble butt!
Let's start at the end. As you're led to the exit, a man selling $20 programs exclaims, "This is designed to help you figure out what you just saw!"
Just go Voyuers!  No spoilers in this first paragraph but will list many below.  If you read anything about this show, just go and follow as many actors as you can.   Don't expect much of a plot because there isn't one and you'll be happier if you know that you get more out of the show if you follow the actors for as long as you can.  Don't stand by your significant other in the beginning in the elevator or you're likely to be separated.  That kinda sucks because you won't find each other for hours.   My wife didn't like the show as much as her experience left her without me and she is a linear thinker and likes the plot laid out and organized explained means.   I don't like that and enjoy figuring things our and being more surprised than her which is why I believe I enjoyed this more.  Having said that, she'd have really enjoyed it with a bit more explanation or if she had read more reviews like this.  We had rules to meet at the middle and top of the hour in a neutral lounge where you start and can use the restroom or have a drink and enjoy live music in case we were separated.  This eventually got us back together.  So i'd recommend that you try and enjoy it together but also enjoy being on your own for at least at hour so you can check things out at your own pace and explore.  You can't talk or use a phone or say anteing through out the show.  It may last 1-3 hours for you.  Other than that, this is one of the most original shows or forms of entertainment I've ever witnessed.  ****SPOILER ALERT FROM HERE ON OUT******* Essentially what you're witnessing is noir snippets of Shakespeare's Macbeth with some Hitchocockian noir thrown in.   Nothing is linear.  you'll see the same acting sequences multiple times and sometimes you have to literally run and chase the actors up several flights of stairs to catch very interesting scenes.   its doable.  Pay attention to loud noises music and lights as there are some scenes which are better than others.   There are 5-6  floors. and multiple staircases within the mckittery hotel.  There are doppelgänger rooms which look like others and mislabeled stairway levels.   Scenes to look out for.  Watch Lady Macbeth for the most action through the night.   There is an interesting trance orgy scene with techno music in the "faux" 2nd lounge.  There is also another compelling scene with a lady in a red dress after she eats in this lounge and does a demonic stage show song.  Its reminiscent of the songs and old music you hear throughout the night.  The murder scene is fantastic if you can get to the level with the bathtub.  But again you may wait hours to see the scene come through which is why you need to follow the actors. The actors all do mall vignettes of action some solo and many with others in silence but very well choreographed and orchestrated dance, sex, and fight scenes.  They are impressive. There is a great scene at the the end which is done in the basement down the giant stain glassed stairway which has all the usual suspects of the evening, all meeting in an incredible slow motion dinner table scene where a blood macbeth crashes the party.  They finally pose in a what resembles the Last Supper by Divinci and then go into a slow motion rage of accusations which eventually leads to a realistic hanging of a suspect.   I still shudder when I think of this scene and seeing 100 people in the dark with creeps masks all starring blankly at this macabre scene.    My criticisms to make a great show great for more, would be , explain at least a little bit about what the hell is going on and how to enjoy more of the show.   Don't waste time with exploring the elaborate set, books clues and written things   They don't mean anything.  Lastly, look for secret areas to explore and enjoy the most elaborate set I've ever seen.  Wardrobe hidden passages, mazes through the forest and trees.   Enjoy this exceptional treat of entertainment.
Sometimes, the only way to describe something thoroughly original, is through cliches. This experience defies existing genres of entertainment. Theater, interactive improvisation, modern dance. . . and an extraordinary, beautiful set (that serves as the central character, to my mind) - that's "unlike anything you've ever seen."   Wandering white-faced and silent through the McKittrick Hotel for an hour was an intensely effective and singular way to drum up a darker, creepier ambiance than a mere film, stage play or soundtrack alone could offer. My companion and I (SNM is best enjoyed in groups of no larger than 2) were just about at a loss for words following. We marveled at the intellectual creativity of the production, but experientially, SNM rather defies words. Another tip: follow the actors. Don't fly solo too insistently- you'll miss the story!
I have never seen anything like this!!! A few of us went, but we all saw different acts, and even if the acts were the same, they included additional characters. I know a lot of people go 3 times or more, and now I understand why. I will definitely come back and soon. A++
A Show About Nothing ! If you like to spend an evening running, yes running after actors, only to catch up when the scene is half over than this is for you. This show is not for the handicapped, or slow runners, and people who can't run up 3 flights of stairs. Don't go wearing comfortable shoes. Go wearing Track Shoes. I have to give it to the sets though as they were absolutely amazing. After seeing the apparent success of this show, I'm considering opening a take out eatery where you order your food at the front window after which a Greyhound is set loose with your meal in a doggy backpack. Once you catch up you can then have your dinner and then rave about the immersive experience.
Grossly overrated. It's Shakespeare. There is so much more to be explored and this is New York City, this is the best you could do? By far one of the most disappointing experience I've had in New York.
Oh MY GOODNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sleep No More is the most amazing, mind blowing, incredible epic adventure that I've ever been on. There are no words to describe how incredibly intense the experience was. This is no play. This is an entirely other world that draws you in and leaves you physically and emotionally exhausted, but spiritually, intellectually, and artistically fulfilled in ways that you had never imagined at the end of the night. Even if I wanted to, I have no words to describe this. All I can say is GO!!!! Read the other reviews for advice (like following a main actor, wear comfortable shoes, and check in everything). Everything was just amazing. The Hotel itself was another character. So many floors and rooms to be explored. The hotel wasn't transformed, rather you were transported to a different world and experience where time and space are what they are on earth.
I want to start with saying this was a VERY cool concept and really awesome space they have taken and turned into this self guided tour of mystery, discovery, and happenstance. However, thats about where it ends. I think the performances fall VERY short of anything interesting other than blah interpretive dance. You follow an actor and expect to see some really cool scene played out and wait and wait for something to happen (the anticipatory music playing really has you hanging in there too) and nothing REALLY does. I think i watched a guy get his face shaved for 15 minutes, watched a girl get in a bath, and then two people dance. Cant quite make the connection with McBeth. Seems a far far reach for me and i like out there kind of things. Fun part was the bar after the show watching the band play and wandering around by yourself. Dont go expecting to hang with your friends. you will almost definitely get broken up by the people running the place and cause its a good idea to explore alone. Certainly worth the experience, but the acting is bit boring.
After seeing Sleep No More, I could sleep no more for a couple days because of the $100 I dumped on the tix + crappy bitter Absinthe punch for $15. $30 would have been a fair price for this. it was like watching a really obscure foreign movie with no subtitles. Oh, wait, and instead of watching it comfortably on your sofa, basically you were IN THE MOVIE, sweating under a dirty white mask that smells like somebody just pooped on it, and there's no camera keeping track of the actors so YOU have to follow around the damn actors no matter how quickly they run. If you don't keep up, you lose them and the whole plot goes out of the window. WOOHOO! Yes, it was a unique concept. But it was just so darn difficult to understand what was going on,  If you are a person who appreciates movies without PLOTS because it's got a BEAUTIFUL SCENARY and an "EXPERIENCE", then please go enjoy. If you are somebody who likes UNDERSTANDING MOVIES, maybe it's not right for you. After 3,4 hours of sweaty stair-climbing and brushing shoulders with other pushy and sweaty people who cut in front of you, I really didn't think seeing a couple boobs in a orgy scene was worth it either. 2 stars instead of 1 because of the atmosphere. It was scary and spooky at times but I had more fun at a haunted house.
SNM represents for me, amongst other things, the vertex of a cultural decadence and a most imprudent waste of money, which could be better spent on several tickets to MoMA, dinner at a decent restaurant, a play/broadway show, movie tickets, cupcakes, coffee, cigarettes (yes, even cigarettes), bananas, fireworks, and pretty much any one of an infinity of things in which I have previously invested some capital and some time, without having to face dismal returns. How do I love thee, SNM? Let me count the ways. First of all, the actors do NOT stay in character the entire time, which totally undoes the spooky ambience that you're expecting. If the actors did stay in character the whole time, I might feel transported to that state of "dream" that other people seem to be hung up on, but it's a difficult object to achieve when you've got some dude in a tux, who just spoke to the audience with a heavily inflected baritone (trying to be bass), pushing on your chest, commanding you, in that cloyingly officious tone of voice that one gets from customer service reps, "Do me a favor, and . . . and . . . umm . . . . step back a couple o' steps." Oh, yeah, totally transported. Transported back exactly "a couple o' steps," no further. I understand that there are certain regulations that need to be adhered to, but couldn't they work out some way to convey information in a way to match the aesthetic of the experience? The discrepancy suggests artistic carelessness. Then you enter. I was excited by the whole idea of masks. I was excited when the first dude who left the elevator was abandoned, and it was revealed that this was going to be "an individual experience." I was excited when I entered my first floor, my first rooms. But there was little to sustain this excitement. A series of disconnected spectacles; gimmicky decorations; loud music somewhere in between the soundtrack to Kubrick's "The Shining" and Final Fantasy VII; ubiquitous "smoke". Now, I did enjoy some of the spectacles, despite the fact that they were so episodic as to make little to no sense. At one point, these two actors (very talented performers, I should say) started doing battle with a door betwixt their bodies, which I thought was interesting choreographically, but ultimately left me cold. Ummm . . . you're doing this because . . . . you can? D'accord. And then there's those insidious black-masked people, who are there to remind you that you are not, in fact, in a different universe, but within an experience that guarantees your "safety" and safeguards you from seeing through the cracks of the production. Again, I understand that there are certain regulations that must be followed, but these black-masked folk are just the least clever way of doing it. The show never seems to elect anything other than the path of least resistance. I finally found my way out. All the way out. My impressions are that this SNM phenomenon was conceived by people who wanted to make money, and not by people who genuinely want to create an aesthetic that really challenges its participants. I feel cheated. Thankfully, this will be, as another yelper put it, a "once in a lifetime experience." I would give this zero-stars, but it gets a +1 because the performers are super-duper talented. If you are looking for a Shakespeare-ience, look elsewhere.
If you're not really into the elevated artistic scene I would say save your money and spend it on a Broadway show while in NYC. Sleep No More is kind of an interactive silent "play."  It was interesting and probably something you haven't experienced before.  One star for the novelty.   Some tips before going: 1. Wear comfortable shoes.  Saw many women wearing high heels and I felt sorry for them.  These actors are in shape and run very fast.  You will go up and down stairs chasing these actors.  You will also get pushed by other patrons who are trying to follow these actors. 2. You will be escorted into a bar area.  There will be someone calling out card numbers for you to enter the actual "play."  The guy that called out our numbers was sort of difficult to hear, but fret not, they don't actually check your cards just show up where they congregate whenever you feel like going in.  I would advise more than one drink to loosen you up before the "play." 3. If you suffer from allergies this may not be the place for you.  There are fog machines and lots of dust.  If you do decide, double up on the Claritin.  I suffer from horrible allergies but seemed to be alright, but my partner was having a miserable experience (not just from the "play") but from his allergies as well.   4. Venture alone.  Come with a group but explore on your own.  Discuss in the bar with more alcohol when you're done.  It's really difficult to try to chase after the actors when you're trying to stick together with someone. 5. They  make you wear masks.  Your face will get sweaty. 6. Get an earlier time slot.  They won't kick you out of the "play" so the more time you have in there, the more characters you can follow.  As well as more time to explore the set. 7. There is nakedness.  Be prepared to see penis. 8. Try to follow a single actor as much as possible.  It'll be difficult since they do run around and sometimes disappear behind closed doors.  But this way you'll get some kind of story plot.  The "play" will repeat itself.  So you can follow at least two characters. 9. It didn't look like there was a bathroom on every floor.  You might have to go back to the bar if nature calls. I can see how some people would think this was a waste of money.  The real kicker is that at the end when you leave, they try to sell you a program that explains what you  just saw.  I forked out $100 a ticket and now I have to pay an additional $20 to have it explained for me? No thank you.
I admittedly came late to the whole 'Sleep No More' craze.  And when I learned about it, I *jumped* at the opportunity to go because I *really like*: --MacBeth --theater of any kind, but *especially* experimental theater --creepy sets / set pieces --'haunted house' puzzle games --the idea of testing my personal boundaries The things I've just listed - these are basically SNM's ingredients, aren't they?  And I was so excited to see SNM that I not only paid for VIP tickets.  I actually didn't sleep well the night before I was scheduled to attend.  Yes, I was really *that* excited.   So, having now experienced SNM, what would I say to people who are considering seeing the show?  Simple: First, everything you've heard about the set is absolutely true.  I have never, ever, ever seen a set as detailed, as beautifully done, as deliciously 'creepy' as the McKittrick Hotel.  No words can possibly do justice to either the art direction or set design of SNM.  For me, these alone were worth the price of admission. BUT --Do not attend this show expecting that you will see all of the 'scenes' you've heard so much about.  If you happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, then you just won't get to see, for example, the 'rave' scene, which I managed not to encounter even once during my three hours at the McKittrick. --Do not attend this show expecting to see anything like the 'story' of 'MacBeth.'  The best you're going to get are a few spooky tableaus that may or may not have anything to do with 'MacBeth' (seriously, the show is full of wholly invented minor characters and subplots having not one thing to do with 'MacBeth.')   --The foregoing not withstanding, MAKE SURE you know your MacBeth inside and out.  Otherwise, when you do manage to stumble across a tableau, you won't have the first clue what you're supposed to be seeing. --Finally, know this:  When they tell you that this show is not for the faint of heart, they're not talking about what you'll see.  They're talking about the level of physical fitness required on the part of attendees who hope to follow what little of the plot of 'MacBeth' is to be found throughout SNM. This show takes place in over a hundred rooms spanning five floors of three separate warehouses.  To follow the character MacBeth at one point involved *sprinting* up the stairs from floor 2 to floor 5, running across the fifth floor, sprinting back down to the third floor, and then to the first floor, and then sprinting back up to floor five, all in the space of about 20 minutes. So, if you do want to attempt to follow the loosely structured 'plot' of this performance, I'd recommend that you book your personal trainer now, and start training as if you're preparing to run a marathon.  If you do this, you might - MIGHT - be able to keep up with one or two of the major characters for a short period of time. Producers, just an FYI:  I'd have appreciated this being disclosed to me before I attended.  Saying 'wear comfortable shoes' tells me I'll be standing up for a long period of time.  It doesn't tell me I need to be able to run a 100 yd dash in under 10 seconds in order to follow a character of interest. *** When I began writing this review, I had intended to give this show one star.  I can't do that.  The set pieces alone deserve more.  So I'm going to give the show two stars, and I'm going to offer you, my fellow Yelpers, this advice:   If you must see the show (and truthfully, you probably should), then just pretend you're checking into a creepy hotel.  Explore it.  Enjoy spectacular sets.  Drink with the bartender.  Play with the props.  If you stumble upon a tableau (or if one stumbles upon you), watch it if you feel so inclined.  Leave when you've seen enough, and don't expect to see anything at all. If you approach SNM with these expectations, you're bound to be entertained.  To expect anything more - particularly anything resembling a performance of 'MacBeth' - is to set yourself up for the anger and disappointment I'm feeling this morning after having seen SNM last night and expecting much more than the show could (or perhaps was designed) to deliver.
What a scam!  Who's behind this Charade, Bernie Madoff?  I planned a trip home to NY and my best friend told me about this show.  I had no idea what to expect but I went there with an open mind  and left with an empty wallet.  What a complete waste of time.  If Seinfeld was a television show about nothing, this is a play about NOTHING.  At least Seinfeld was entertaining.   The best part of the night was when I saw an overweight woman sitting down because she was tired and sweating.  She took her mask off to cool down and someone on the staff in a black mask told her she had to put her mask back on and she said "Then throw me out!"   I can only assume that people who rave about this experience must live a very boring life and never get out of the house.  AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL Worse than Gremlins, Worse than E.T.
a friend of mine wanted to check out this "play type thing where you can follow the characters to different rooms and see different scenes. oh and it's based off of Macbeth. and you have to wear a mask. oh and it's silent too. " that's all i knew about Sleep No More before we entered an unmarked warehouse in Chelsea. it sounded confusing but i'm usually game for anything so i figured 'why not.' but if you only knew what i saw or what the full experience is, you'd understand why it's appropriately called Sleep No More. they aren't joking. it's quite nightmarish BUT is also crazy awesome and each individual person's experience is completely different. the gist of it is that the audience wears a masks. when you exit the elevator you're free to roam the warehouse which has been transformed into many rooms and levels of very intricate and detailed scenes varying from bedrooms, the woods, a cemetery, insane asylum, bar, etc. you can touch, move and read things. somewhere while you're discovering the scenery you run into a character and you can choose to follow the character or roam around. it's best to follow a character for a little while and then eventually move on to another character to get as wide range an experience as possible. if you're 'lucky' you get a one on one interaction with one of the characters. i was one of the 'lucky' ones and all i'll say is that it was a creepy as f*ck, absolutely haunting experience, though still awesome and sort of mesmerizing. i'm not sure if "lucky" is the correct word but i guess so since it's rare to get that interaction. i actually got it twice and was creeped out of my mind when the dead looking nurse grabbed my hand towards the end of the show. don't expect to watch a play from start to finish. that's not the point. gory and intriguing. mind altering and insane. awesome and mysterious. if you can handle the sight of blood and nudity, you should give this a shot if your'e in NYC. don't look up the details too much or you'll spoil your experience. just go. and have no expectations. just let it happen and you're sure to come out of it feeling like you've been in another world for a couple of hours of your life. you'll also be happy to return to normalcy afterward. worth the experience for sure!
This evening of pretentiousness, confusion, and misleading staff will leave you pining for the $103 you spent for the privilege ($95 on the weekend + $5 "service fee" + $3 MANDATORY coat and bag check, which should be included in the price for a hundred smackers). You are encouraged to explore on your own, advised that your curiosity will be rewarded, and that following the beaten path is not always necessarily the best option. Fact: if you DO NOT follow or find actors, you will miss every piece of dance + theater. If you go off on your own, be prepared to wander around creepy rooms filled with cheesy haunted house sounds, and tinker pointlessly with largely meaningless set props (that are admittedly well put together on impressively designed sets). I did not have a terrible time, really...it was an interesting enough experience because it felt like I was in a dream. I liked exploring the sets and wondering what would happen next.  The problem is that....NOTHING happens next.  There is no story, no point, just a weird dream to walk through for an evening.  This is fine, and I tried to appreciate that as I experienced it, but for $103 you expect something other than exploring entirely on your own and having a few chance encounters with actors that are UTTERLY dull and completely disappointing. Although we we very intrigued at first by the cool sets and interested to know what would happen next, as I mentioned, NOTHING happens next. That's it. We grew bored probably an hour in, but stuck it out in good faith for another hour and a half or so.  We went back to the bar area toward the end, tried to order a drink each, but one of the many obnoxious bartenders suggested that we share one, then hurry back to the ballroom. We assumed that maybe this would be the moment that made it all worthwhile.  I won't "ruin" it for anyone who chooses to go...but the finale is a scene equally as uninteresting as the rest, and left us about to fall asleep. Don't waste your money.
Worst place to go to for any actual New Yorker.  It was the most boring "art exhibit" I have ever seen in my life. I was expecting a live art show with entertainment costumes and all.  All I got was the rudest manager in the world who thought he was GOD, the most uncomfortable mask which i continually refused to wear since I could not breath nor see threw it.   then, when I lost my friend who does have panic attacks I came to help him out and was shunned as well as scolded for having to take off that POS mask that I couldn't see anything through.   I had asked to just leave and go to the bar since the only good thing about the place were the drinks and bartenders, yet once I arrived the manager insisted on a superiority complex which caused and argument and I requested to leave.  I want my money back this was not worth it nor will I recommend anyone to go through this type of horrible UN-interesting exhibit in the world.  And trust me there are so much better things to do in Manhattan if you are looking for this type of scene that don't involve such poorly run management.
To get the most out of this show/The kind of person who will enjoy this: + Read Macbeth. + Enjoy Bernard Hermannesque music. + Yes, wear comfortable shoes. + Dress lightly (it gets warm). + I hope you like running up and down stairs. + Separate from your friends. + Wear a watch and make a meeting point. + Don't carry anything with you (bags, coats, etc.). + Come with an open mind and no expectations. + Be the kind of person who does NOT think twice about spending ~$100. + ENJOY solving puzzles. + Have -no- care for linearity. + Be PATIENT. + Eat beforehand. + Don't do acid (I've heard horror stories). + Uh, don't have epilepsy. Am I saying this is the most amazing piece of theater/performing arts/what have you, ever? NO. What I -am- saying is that I've noticed that the kind of people who enjoyed Sleep No More most are the ones described/do the above. No two people ever have the same experience, which is awesome. If you know other people who have gone, it makes for excellent and excited conversation. I'm sure you're all sick of reading vague reviews and not enough criticism. I will tell you that I am quite an impatient person. A lot of times I have a short attention span. So, I had a difficult time following actors who generally have slow scenes. I'm not particularly into dance, either, so there goes that. There's a lot to figure out. Who's who, what's going on, who do you follow, etc. My approach was to thoroughly go through all the rooms on all the floors, top to bottom, and explore. Somehow, I STILL missed things! That's nuts. Yes, production value is high. Attention to detail is amazing. The actors are eerily convincing and occasionally creepily interactive. The use of masks is a genius idea because it reduces your inhibitions to explore, interact with things, and follow/run after actors. It also makes looking at everyone a little creepy. The highlights of the "show" is the rave scene, dinner scene, and ballroom scene. I think if you follow the bald chick for the entirety of her run, you'll catch these. Why do I give it five stars? Because I had a good time! No, I didn't understand everything, nor do I pretend to. I had fun, I felt like I was really teleported into the 1930's time period, I talked about it tons afterwards, and I actually want to go back. Isn't that important?
i really didnt go with any real expectations. this isnt the type of thing that i would normally go to let alone recommend to see, but in the end, an interesting evening is an interesting evening. its basically a choose you own adventure book. you go and follow actors as they play things out. somethings will repeat obviously, but i was amazed how quickly they changed sets in the larger rooms. i dont know if there is any real solid linear story (i obviously didnt buy the $20 program at the end, they should really be giving these out) but i had a great time. wear comfortable shoes. explore. eat some candy. remember the point is to have fun. tips wear comfy shoes, dont brings extra stuff, coat check sucks. expect to run around, walk up and down flights of stairs. theres a bar on the 2nd floor (where you start out, so you can rest up if you want or designate a meeting spot) be open and have fun. how often do you get to run around a dark hotel with actors playing out scenes in the middle of the night?
This was a big waste of time and money. Although I LOVED the idea, it is really poorly executed. I would suggest spending your time on better shows or just creating art on your own if you're dying to be enigmatic! The worst part is that my bag, which I was forced to check, had clearly been rifled through when I picked it up after the show. The bag had straps that I put through loops to seal the bag before I checked it. It also had a wrapped present inside. When I got the bag back, the straps were hanging free and the present had been *opened*! Apparently the coat check people have time to kill. Don't leave anything valuable or personal in your checked items. Even without that, my friends and I thought this night was beyond lame. We noticed a lot of people trickling out early, and we were all bored a good hour before the thing ended. Specifically... - It was too packed full of people to be able to see the actor's scenes most of the time. And, because no one can see well enough, people are catty about getting a better viewing spot -- they shove you aside to run and follow the actors, etc. - The set is really cheesy, including smoke machines everywhere, cardboard props, fake tombstones. In fact in their lounge area, which is the best-lit area there, you can see they use large pieces of spray-painted cardboard for a cheap stage background. If you can overlook the cheap, junior-high-school quality of the set, god bless you - The actors' clothing is just as cheap and cheesy as the set - The soundtrack played throughout the rooms actually sounds like one of those CDs of Scary Sounds for Halloween, fake wind and squeaking metal played over the PA - Every single staff member my group came across was a jerk. Not really how you want to be treated when you've just paid almost $100 for the honor of running around a lame set following what are essentially mimes - Drinks were so weak! The absinthe they talked up wasn't actual absinthe. It lacked alcohol (!), sugar cube, and fire - Oh, and remember to have an extra $3 cash per person so you can complete the mandatory coat check...  ridiculous on top of the ticket fee. you're forced to check anything that doesn't fit in your pocket - Some of the actors are fine, some were just like street mimes or the irritating theATre person from high school, but they all looked like they were overacting in the parts where they try to connect with the audience by staring into their masks - Fake sex and fake violence come off much better on tv or in the movies. Right there in front of you, the message is "we are now simulating sex" or "pretend i've just tried to kill him" Seriously, paying to run after mimes for hours on a cardboard set and jockey it out for position with dudes in cargo shorts and tevas is NOT the way I want to spend my night. A far cry from mysterious or enigmatic, it's an insulting waste of time. I'm not sure I can forgive all the people who recommended this travesty to me.
It seems like people are pretty polarized- they either really like it or don't at all. First off, the set was clearly extremely inspired and visionary. It didn't feel disneyland-ish at all. Everything was authentic, precise, and paid overly generous attention to. Everything else, however, was simply ineffective. The subplots are boring, and considering the fact that they require an active investment in keeping up with (I mean literally keeping up with... plan to run) with little reward, I found myself wishing for the traditional theatre-going experience of passive voyuerism. With a scarce and unoriginal plot coupled with unspoken drawn out, straight up boring scenes, Sleep No More's title takes on an accidental irony. People will continue going to see this show and will continue posting rave reviews here because (1) they paid $85 so it must have value, right? (2) it's in an abandoned warehouse in New York, what could be edgier, right? (3) it's experimental theatre, unlike anything done before, so cultural, right? Wrong.
You should read the Macbeth plot before going to see sleep no more. And for women should definitely should not bring a purse and wear something with pockets. Everyone should wear definitely comfortable shoes. Another suggestion is don't stay with your friends. It's best to compare notes after the play. It's fun on the second floor sitting in front of the great music enjoying a drink and talking about what you just saw. It's definitely fun exciting and definitely very different. Everyone will have a different reaction to this. I like the suggestion in one of the reviews of putting on your Indiana Jones attitude when you go to this. You definitely want to try to interact with the actors and follow at least one of them around for a bit.
One of the most amazing nights and performances i have ever been to, and i used to do theater professionally. I definitely must go back again.
Answers to questions you will ask yourself while you are at Sleep No More: 1. Yes, DO check your coat.  "It gets warm" is an understatement.  You will often be crowded in tight quarters amongst other guests trying to catch a glimpse of the actors at work, and frequently walking at a brisk pace, or even running up and down up to 5 flights of stairs at a time, sometimes at a near sprint, trying to keep up with an actor you are following to track their storyline. 2. No, you don't need to show them a copy of your receipt that you printed off your email.  They simply ask you your name at the concierge, check you in with a smile, and off you go. 3. Yes, it WAS a mistake to dress pretty.  Or dress in any manner that puts fashion above functionality.  It pays to be able to move deftly between crowds and doorways to snag the best viewing vantage point, people will step on your pretty shoes, and there are multiple opportunities for you to accidentally get fake blood on your clothes (oh my poor jeans).  Next time I come (yes, there WILL be a next time), I'm wearing sneakers, shorts, and rockin' a Terry stripe headband. 4. Yes, you SHOULD follow an actor instead of exploring every nook and cranny of the undoubtedly amazing hotel, especially if it's your first time.  This will ensure that you get to see at least one or two of the crucial scenes, feel like you've actually attended a show rather than just an overblown art exhibit on steroids, and not be that one shmuck who is JUST making their way by themselves to the ballroom AFTER the epic, mind numbing finale has come to an end. 4. Yes, you SHOULD have re-read Macbeth before you came.  Even if it's just the Wikipedia entry.  And according to other reviews, it looks like if you read a whole host of other things, it will make your experience all the more enjoyable. 5. Yes, it's okay to eat the candy in the candy store.  I did, I ate lots of it, and I am proud to say that I am not only standing, but completely diarrhea-free. 6. Yes, they let you keep the mask.  And it makes a kick ass souvenir. PS: The drink specials you can buy in the lounge are watered down and unappealing.  Enjoy the music, save your money and go somewhere else for drinks after the show.
The only somewhat notable thing about this whole experience was the Halloween style vibe of the setting and the jazz singer at the bar.  The show itself is a big blah. Totally pointless and simply not worth the over the top insulting and snotty behavior of the staff.  Even for New York, this was beyond ridiculous. Also beware: They make everyone check all coats, bags, accessories,etc. at the entrance but only issue 1 ticket per person.  The unbearably insulting couple at the coat check treat you worse than a TSA agent at the airport security checkpoint. Worse still, they actually lose your stuff and then you get greeted with the most condescending: My Dear, maybe you forgot to check your "whatever-they-can-no-longer find"?  Totally Absurd!
I don't understand these reviews.  This show is plain AWFUL.  Seriously, the worst 3 hours and $100 I have ever spent.   Please refer to Olivia W's review below.  She hit the nail on the head in terms of what this show is.  (Which, if you have not yet caught on, can be summarized in one word: AWFUL).
My boyfriend and I went on Saturday around 7:30.  This was great because it gave us lots of time to explore the place.   I....was...horrified.  At first.  Then suddenly I have this other feeling, once we're pushed into the place, easier to bear but deeply horrific in another way.  It was like some part of me was saying "This is where you belong."  AAAH!  The set plays tricks with your mind.  I found myself confronting all sorts of confusing feelings and impressions like that as I timidly and sometimes boldly explored the many rooms and levels, grasping for dear life onto my boyfriend's hand.   The whole experience is deeply psychological.  It strongly reminded me of those sorts of stories that supposedly can figure out your subconscious intentions/feelings:  "You are in a forest, you see a long road in front of you with a mysterious chest in the center... what do you do?"  In that sense, I surprised myself many times--- the things I was comfortable with, vs the things that made me scared.  What conditions made me scared or feel panic vs what conditions made me comfortable.   Your faces are hidden behind the mask... you become nothing but a creature of small fumbling action and vision.... like a goddamn dream.  It simulated this perfectly.    That feeling of almost trying to walk underwater or something, and then sometimes feeling too fast or too easy in a way that makes you unbalanced on your feet, or misjudge distances.  (....definitely not an experience for someone with trouble walking unless you really take it easy.  On top of all of this, the floor is often uneven, and changes texture a lot depending on what room you are in.  Also, don't wear heels!  There is dirt in there! :D) Vision-wise there was SO much to look at, and it was SUCH a perfectly detailed and exquisite world,  that the weight of it was making me stumble, and keep squinting behind my mask.  Many times there actually was fog rolling in over everything, but even when it wasn't there I was still struggling and stumbling and squinting all over the place.  It was like *too* much for the senses or something, and all of mine were exploding.   Not only was a visual story unfolding before my eyes, but this dance of scents and temperature was interweaving beneath everything as well, sometimes delicate and beautiful and other times violent and assaulting.  Just like the actors. Nothing felt fake or put on.  Although it is horrific and there are many moments of dread and sheer terror, they are exquisite feelings with many nuances of emotion and understanding.  Don't kid yourself that this is just a haunted house, or just a creepy play.  Much more is there for you to see and understand, if you let yourself go and fully get absorbed.   A room scented like strange herbs and rot, smelled exactly as such.  Everything was very believable.  Is this healthy for some people to experience? haha!  I wonder... has anyone really freaked out during this?  That would be interesting to find out about.   This is getting extremely long, but I want to wrap it up with a few final things:  No, you can't see all of it and that might make you really frustrated but... you're supposed to be frustrated.  Or you're supposed to just accept it.  Time is all out of order in the McKittrick, and happens in more of a vertical spiral, twisting upwards and inwards and outwards, sometimes repeating, other times fleeting.  Just be a good lens and observe what you can, have an adventure, don't be so hard on yourself for the choices you make that might make you miss something, and understand that where you go and what you are tempted to explore is telling you a lot.  Even if you hate it and are annoyed at everything and feel blase or something (hard to imagine in this immerseive environment, but there are some who DO end up feeling that way).... try to figure out why, ask yourself questions.  This "play" draws out a lot of interesting feelings that we may never fully confront in real life.  If you are able to go again, go!  I think if I was to go again, I would instantly go *downstairs* rather than up, when they first lead you inside.   Lastly, I saw this about a week ago... and it is still freaking me out.  It's like when you explore a creepy abandoned building and it sort of lives in your mind or something for a while after.   Awesome experience.  I heart you, Punchdrunk
I am sad for those who didn't enjoy Sleep No More. I've seen a zillion shows on Broadway, off-Broadway, and off-off Broadway and I have never thought so much about one as I have "Sleep No More". I've gone twice now and I am thinking of going a third time. It is unique, mind-bending and provocative in all the best ways. So here are some random thoughts on it, both good and bad. 1) Wish there were less people per show. Like 100 less. I know it'd be near impossible to turn a profit if they cut out 100 tickets per night, but I felt it got crowded. I was happiest in the beginning (I went at 7 PM) when there were fewer others there--it had a more powerful feel. It just got too crowded after a certain point, especially following the main characters. 2) Following the main characters can be tricky...because they draw a big crowd and that crowd moves with the speed of sleepy turtles. It was annoying. Girlfriend opted to follow a minor character and had a lot of fun that way. The first time, I tried to follow major characters at random as I saw them, but I got blocked off by the large crowds and missed much of the story. The second time, I stuck religiously with two "minor" characters and my experience was much enhanced because there was less of a crowd following those characters and because the two minor characters directly interacted with me (danced with me, plucked a lock of my hair). 3) I wore nice-casual clothes and dress shoes. No problem keeping up (probably because of the sleepy turtle syndrome) or climbing the stairs or what have you. Didn't take any breaks. I am somewhat athletic, however, so YMMV. Girlfriend was similarly fine--she was in a dress, but didn't wear heels (comfortable, nice flat shoes) and she had no probs keeping up. 4) The first time I went, I didn't realize there was a 1st floor. Or rather, I didn't realize the 1st floor was actually another set of stages. Because I got dropped off on the 5th floor, and because I didn't have the patience to try and follow characters once they moved up and down stairs (too many people choking up the staircases), and because the 2nd floor was the jazz lounge, I assumed the 1st floor was where we entered--the coat/baggage check-in, etc. Stuck to floors 3 through 5 for most of the show the first show. Only discovered it was a massive set of stages in the last 45 minutes. Missed a lot because of that, but I made up for it the second time I went. 5) Seize the moment. I hesitated when the Witch extended her hand out towards me in front of her secret room and another audience member grabbed it and she dragged him into the room. Alas! Bartender also offers drinks--raise your hand for one. Girlfriend stuck with one minor character like glue and he interacted with her A LOT because of it--she got a necklace, private convos with him, etc. 6) Don't stick with your date, unless you two want to experience the exact same thing. Girlfriend and I parted ways right from the start and had a blast. Saw each other once every so often and did the hand-holding and kissing thing for a few seconds, then went off in different directions. So much to talk about afterwards from different points of view. And for god's sake, don't hold hands and whisper to your partner/friend the entire time. It ruins it for the rest of us. And while I am ranting, women: CHECK YOUR PURSES AND LARGES BAGS IN AT COAT-CHECK. Sheesh. Sleep No More is NOT conducive to carrying around your oversized Gucci--we don't need the fashion statement. 7)I think it's great surprise for someone you've been dating for awhile if they're up for surprises. Didn't tell the girlfriend word one about where we were going or doing and she liked it a lot for just going in with no preconceptions (besides the basic generic warnings/advice). 8) Go and see it. Really. It is really worth it.
I wish there were more stars to give. This was one of the most incredible things I've ever done. It's not often you can say you went somewhere and actually had an experience. Without describing the place in detail, there are plenty of other posts or articles for that (and don't mind the one-star jerks, they have a lifelong chip on their shoulder and should not be trusted with your entertainment reviews). Here are a few things that made my run really amazing. Be independent. I went in alone, on accident. At first I was kinda freaked out, but once I realized this isn't some cheap haunted house and no one is trying to kill or scare me, I chilled out and enjoyed it immensely. I arrived before my friends and was told I can wait in the bar as long as I like. Then my number got called and I got nervous and just went. But when everyone has a mask on, you quickly lose people and it ceases to matter that you have anyone you even know is there. It's better. Trying to keep track of another person is more trouble than it's worth and can hinder your experience. My other friends stuck together for a while. One wanted to investigate every shred of paper, the other wanted to see more rooms. They held eachother back until they said okay peace out bye. You meet up at the end and its all good. You can compare your experiences and they are without a doubt going to differ. It's amazing. The masks provide anonymity that is so freeing. Investigate whatever you like. Go into a room no one is in. As much as following a crowd is tempting and often rewarding, as they are likely on to something, take a chance and go the opposite direction. There were a few times I did this and was one of the only people watching a scene happen and had am amazing vantage point. You are never doing it wrong. It goes against every human instinct, where there is safety in numbers or everyone's running one way, you should to. Enjoy your freedom to just do whatever you want. Don't stress about the plot. Just watch and enjoy. There is no way to experience the story in a linear way, and it's not meant to be seen that way. It's loosely based on Macbeth. If you have an understanding of the characters, that might enhance your experience, but if not, you'll be just fine. The lights, music and overall production value is astounding. And if you pay attention, you'll learn when a scene is about to take place because the lights and music change. It's so beautiful and there were times I couldn't believe I was seeing this in person, with my own eyes. Go to this if you can. Tickets are $100. I felt like I truly got my money's worth. And the bar at the end is such a treat. Speakeasy style, a beautiful jazz band and incredible singer to croon, and your friends who just had a crazy experience. My only wish is that I could have stayed at the bar longer, but another group was coming through.
This "show" changed my life. I want to write Yelp reviews the way Sleep No More makes you feel. I ended up going by myself as I have no friends, dislike human beings, find social gatherings to be trivial, don't care for chit-chat, never learned to titter, would rather be hobbled then hob-nobbing, refuse to have Fika with a swede, enjoy texting like i enjoy receiving root canal while the dr. phil plays on constant loop for eternity, and...am a bit of a shut-in. It turns out, going alone is the right choice. I saw lots of couples clinging to each other and pulling one another (under protest) in different directions. But not me, mr. cool hand stag party, no sir. Many of those couples later fell into the spike pit under the collapsable floor designed to ensnare distracted lovers. Now I am a bit torn because I feel the less you know the better off you are. So I'll simply say this show IS NOT TO BE MISSED and offer these following tips: 1. comfortable shoes 2. contact lens if you need glasses 3. when you hear techno music, run to the techno music 4. eat the candy
These are the words that kept flitting through my head as I was wondering through the McKittrick Hotel and stayed long after I left:  chump, obtuse, huh; and if I was the kind of person who used "WTF", that'd be here too.  I was so excited for this show.  I hadn't known anything about it and found out rather last minute-ly that my husband and I were going.  I read some reviews online, which may have been part of the problem. My expectations were high and I expected blood, nudity, nightmare-ish witches and sacrafices, and I got NONE OF IT. While the hotel itself was interesting, my guy and I seemed to have missed nearly EVERY semi-big to big scene.  There was nothing spooky, haunting, or even worth more than a second ponder.  We went with a group of 6, split up, and reunited briefly at the bar to compare notes and get a drink.  Some of us had aimlessly wondered, some followed one character as best they could, though that was virtually impossible as the place was PACKED.  We went back in with a solid hour left of the show and  the black masked stewards were blocking the staircases, ensuring that no one could go up or down.  We all were stuck to wonder the basement floor, where NOTHING was going on and where, quite frankly, I was bored outta my mind and frustrated beyond belief. I'm guessing something big was happening on the other floors and they didn't want us, the paying audience, to interrupt. Our group went out afterwards for dinner and drinks, and no one talked about the show.  Half the group said they enjoyed it, but they didn't find it discussion worthy.  Plenty of friends have raved that this was one of their best NYC experiences ever, some have gone multiple times.  I desperately want to understand why.  Friends of ours are going for the first time and have two extra tickets for us.  I'm of the mind to give it another shot because I'm so BAFFLED by the whole experience, or more appropriately, lack of experience.  My husband essentially says we're going again over his dead body, which could really mean one of two things: 1) There's no way in Hell he's going again, or 2) I risk literally walking over his dead body at the show because he was bored to death.  Either way, it ain't good.
I've gone three times now and I am in love. Every computer desktop is SNM themed from work to home. My apartment is decorated with SNM items. After your first time here, you really cannot stop thinking about it. When you meet others who've gone, you have so much fun talking about what you've seen and done. The set design blows my mind away. I wish I could rent out one of the rooms to stay in for the night (one with a bed preferably of course). The music is haunting. The performances memorable. (The only thing is costumes are meh.) William Popp is an amazing Malcolm, he's definitely my favorite out of the cast. His one-on-one is also great and really sticks with you afterwards. He was friendly enough to hang out and talk after his performance since it was my birthday. The main downfall is how tightly packed it gets in there. Couples really need to STOP holding hands when they're running through this amazing maze of adventure. Also, you ladies in heels, either get out of the way or I will mow you down if you cannot keep up with the actors. They tell you to wear comfortable shoes for a reason. Other than some rude guests, this experience is a must do on any NYC list. And you have to return over and over again because you just miss things the first time around. Since my first check in at the McKittrick Hotel, I haven't been able to check out mentally.
Ahhh, freaking awesome.  Do the late night showing - and take the entire time.  So sad that I missed the bottom floor. ARGH.  And, apparently only certain people get to go to the top floor.  That did make me upset but I understand the process.  I want to go back again!  DO SEPARATE.  Don't be one of those annoying couples who can't do anything apart!!!
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOM­GOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!!!!!!!!!­!! *gasps for breath* OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOM­GOMGOMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *gasps for breath again* Easily the most amazing theater/art experience of my life!!!  It was compelling, emotional, eerie, gorgeous, terrifying, exhilirating, funny and tragic...all at the same time! GO GO GO GO GO!!!  You won't regret it! I travelled from DC to NYC for this experience...and I'm already making plans to go back and do it again.   OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOM­GOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!!!!!!!!!­!!
A far too large sum of money considering the amount of people let into this interactive experience with you. I had no desire to go after a character with more than thirty people trailing as well. You have this giant space, but nothing is happening in most of it. This show is all about the characters but good luck being able to follow after one.  It's a great theory for a show, but cut down on the audience admittance by 50% and have more happening on every level.
I came to visit my friend in New York and we really wanted to do something different. I was bummed that she had already seen Breakfast at Tiffanys but when she told me about this weird cultish place I was intrigued. Dont get the wrong idea its not literally a cult but when people cant describe whats going to happen, its a little Kubrick in eyes wide shut. Her friend had told her about it and I couldnt wait. They emailed us our tickets and the line wasnt long at all. We checked our bags and coats and I just held my phone. When we got there we checked in and then went to the bar. I felt like I literally went back into time. They had an amazing 20's singer and everyone was already playing their roles. The bar felt very prohibitionary like a speak easy. We asked if their were drink special and the bartender said their wasnt. Come to find out before we left that their is a special absinthe punch, kind of wish he would have told us. We got champagne in 20's coup glasses and we sat down to listen to the music before our group was called. I wont give it away like everyone else but this place is tantalizing and different and amazing. I would have paid double for my ticket. We explored just about every area, I think? We ate candy in the sweet shop and I opened up just about every drawer. I didnt really follow one actor but they do an amazing job at somehow showing up wherever you are. The end around the dance floor felt like I was apart of some amazing production, the choreography was beautiful. I thought the way the trees moved on wheels was brilliant. Some of it felt biblical and then part of it was pure literature. You do not really need a knowledge of Macbeth Im an English Major and saw parallels between the show and the book but none that a normal person could not appreciate having never read the text. Im surprised at a couple of the people who didnt enjoy it. I liked going up and down the different areas, and wearing a mask was interesting. I thought I was going to like not talking but me and my friend stayed together the whole time and we just pointed at areas we wanted to check out. You can do this yourself but I liked being with a friend. Some of the areas are magical and you can find yourself immersed in a garden one moment then a cemetary then a bedroom the next. I hope more of these pop up around other cities.
STOP READING REVIEWS.  GO SEE THIS SHOW IMMEDIATELY.  I want to go on & on about it, but at great physical cost I am NOT.  If you are reading this, don't look into it any further.  Take my word for it: THIS IS FOR YOU.  Don't look at what anyone else has to say; stay as unspoiled as you can.  GO SEE IT.  Oh man, please take my advice, go see it.
The reviewers here break down into those who got it, and those who didn't. I was one of the ones who "didn't get it", so I'm actually writing this review in hopes that this will be read before the show and more people will fall into the "got it" category because if you get the concept, i think the show would be awesome. I came to the show with zero knowledge and zero expectations, except that I knew the show was set in a creepy abandoned hotel. At the beginning of the show, we were told to "explore the hotel alone" and that "fortune favors the bold". This made me think that the point of the experience was to break away from the group, go away from the crowd, and try to find clues that would open a secret trap door, etc... As I found out, 2 hours later, this is NOT the point of the show. The show is a non-linear execution of Macbeth, and you are SUPPOSED to follow the actors and pay attention to the plot. While the scenery is indeed lush and gorgeous, there are no "hidden clues" or secret doors. You're supposed to follow the crowd. I DONT mean stay with the people you came with the whole time - it's definitely more fun to branch off and explore on your own. But, if you see a big group of people gathered, watching a scene, don't run the other way like I did, because where the actors are, is where the action is (I know that sounds completely intuitive, but the directions at the beginning made it sound like there was more to it than this).
Meh to the max. The best part is the bar and the band playing in the bar. If you like following (a herd of people) then you'll like this if you like going against the grain I'd suggest staying away from this $80 event.
Sleep No More is a full-on, physically and psychologically intense experience.  Be ready for some dark and moody business full of innuendo, death, self-destructive behavior and lots sorrow and bleakness.  I had read a critic's review, who labeled this a "walking nightmare", which is the perfect way to describe the overarching plot to this wordless, play-on-legs.  I brushed up on Macbeth before I went to the show (thanks wiki), and found it absolutely necessary to understand the plot unfolding in the perspective of each of the characters in the play.   For the most part, I understood what was going on, and was able to follow at least three of the main characters.  And, by "follow" I mean to say, you will literally be running around this hotel -- which by the way, was designed impeccably -- tailing different characters to develop your own take on the story.  If you decide not to do any sort of research ahead of the show, I guarantee you will get confused, frustrated, and most likely seriously PO'd that you spent so much money on these tickets only to be thrown into a vortex of unknowns.  So do yourself a favor, and wiki the synopsis of Macbeth!!!!  (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma…) What to make of this at the end of the experience?  What I was able to appreciate was this concept of a theatrical experience where the audience was collectively able to mesh with the actors and really delve into all the dramatic and intense scenes of the play.  You really feel like a voyeur / sleuth, which makes it exciting and suspenseful.  The actors do an incredible job staying in character the entire time, and demonstrating all the angst and emotions that come from such noir material.  You'll also witness the gruesome physicality which they endure with such professionalism and apt.  I saw a bunch of bruises, scrapes, band-aids and scratches on their bodies and can only imagine how demanding it must be for them on a series of levels - physically, emotionally, mentally.  They are pretty amazing.   On the downside to Sleep No More, however, was that it truly was very dark and twisted (dementia meets depression), and extremely creepy at turns.  Also, most people generally run really slow and cannot tail the actors as efficiently as you would want, so that gets annoying.  Keep on your toes and don't be afraid of doing some cardio.  It really isn't that difficult even with that mask on your face the entire time, running in the dim lighting.  And if you're a big chicken like me, you'll definitely be afraid of the dark at first, but lose yourself in the play and the fear will melt away.  Lastly, this play is not for the prudish, there's a lot of gratuitous male and female nudity, it's slightly uncomfortable, but it is what it is. Additional tips - grab a drink before the show, their absinthe cocktail is really delicious!  And, forget all this talk about the candy shop, it's actually quite lame and there are no period confections that you'd expect from the time in which the set was inspired (c. 1930's).   Sleep No More is definitely a 'Rubik cube' of a play.
This is an interesting night out and worth going to, especially if you've never seen any interactive theatre before, but overall it gets a little dull and the actual theatre elements are fairly cheesy.   Really, the star here is the space - it would be a lot of fun exploring the three interconnected buildings even if they weren't done up in some fantastic sets - graveyards, ruins, all manner of 20s-style interiors.  There's plenty to do for an hour or so finding your way around the warren, discovering new and sometimes hidden rooms, opening drawers, reading scraps of paper.   But even these spaces are a bit one-note.  There's no contrast or sense of change - every room goes for a creepy/under-lit vibe and by the end it all just blurred together.  Granted, the space and sets create an atmosphere that is extremely compelling - but it's the same atmosphere for almost three hours and it eventually wears off.  The same goes for the music/sound - there's only so many hours of ominous, electronically processed cello I can take before it stops being ominous and becomes silly.  This is interspersed with snippets of ironically cheery 20s music, a pretty overused device (think The Shining and everything since). I've always enjoyed productions where I have to follow the actors round.  The problem here is that the actors don't really do anything that makes them worth following.  Mostly, the 'acting' consists of broad, melodramatic movements - there's a lot of people stroking each other's faces while looking distraught.  There's an upset looking Macbeth having a shave.  A sad Lady Macbeth taking a bath.  An upset Macbeth stroking a sad Lady Macbeth's face.  Like the sets, the drama is one note and doesn't really progress.  If there wasn't the excellent sets creating such a strong atmosphere, I'm pretty sure most people would be laughing at this stuff.  There's also quite a bit of melodramatic dancing (often while looking distraught and often accompanied by ironically cheery 20s music) that sometimes, for no particular reason, turns into a sort of parkour. Likewise, the production as a whole doesn't seem to coalesce or progress.  While there are recognizable scenes from Macbeth - a nicely staged, slow motion Banquo's ghost feast is one of the few moments worth catching - and it's fun reading notes written by Macbeth, or a psychiatrist's report on Lady Macbeth, nothing seems to really add up to much or go anywhere.  There's some general and not very subtle themes that certainly come through - 'madness' features sledgehammer-heavily not least in an entire upper floor done up as a mental asylum - but no plots or arcs really emerge to draw the viewer into the characters, events and settings as a moving dramatic experience. Having said all that, it does add up to slightly more than the sum of its parts.  The shear scale of the space and the extravagant detail of the sets, as well as the length of time you spend in them, makes it hard not to feel transported to some other, dark realm.  Frankly it reminded me most of the better Disney rides with a lot more atmosphere-building pre-ride and no actual ride (the first ten minutes are actually very similar to the intro for the Tower of Terror in Californian Adventure) with the cheesy animatronics replaced by cheesy dance-mime.
This is an absolutely incredible experience. Literally beyond words. The show is nearing the end of its run, so I'm not sure that I can really contribute much here, but this was such a fantastic experience that to not review it/give 5 stars would feel like I had done them a disservice. I can't really add anything to previous reviews, and I feel like I might spoil something if I attempt to inject wit or sarcasm into this, so I guess I'll just end here. Or maybe here.
Waste of money and time! OK so after reading reviews here and asking our friends who had been to the show., my husband and I decided we should go for the show on my birthday. I was super excited as anyone who had ever been were just in awe of it, and they didn't give me any details on what to expect. I knew it was an immersive experience and it was based on Macbeth, I just wished people gave more details. Things I liked: The concept: You are literally on the set with the actors, it is very interesting as it is a completely unique experience Things I did not like: There was absolutely no direction. I get this show is different based on everyone's interpretation. But I got dropped off on the 5 th floor when the first scene was on the first floor. By the time I saw the place and went down I had already missed the scene, I kept wandering around like a fool waiting for something to happen but it wasn't. I felt a lot of time was wasted because people were "left to discover" . Had they given us a flyer at the bar of where the action is with time we could've found scenes. I suggest people who feel claustrophobic or are afraid of the dark should avoid it, because everyone is wearing masks and kind of gets overwhelming. Also, I felt there were way too many people. Half the time, I couldn't see the actors because so many people were standing together, and soon as the actors would go, they would run after them. It was crazy bizarre.
There a lots of people giving their take on Sleep No More so I will try to keep this brief. Very tough to do since there is so much going on with this production that it will make your head explode. Needless to say, I loved it. The whole creepy hotel thing was very reminiscent of one of my favorite movies, The Shining. Lots of comparisons to Stanley Kubrick and David Lynch can be found here. For you gamer geeks out there it was similar to Silent Hill. Everyone will start to make their own comparisons the moment they step foot inside. I really have to hand it to them. It gets 5 stars just on the overall mood and set designs. They must have put a lot of money into it because you feel like you are transported to the 1930-40s. Yes, it's not a haunted house but you could easily shoot one hell of a horror at the fictional McKittrick hotel they create here. The beauty of it all is that you are free to explore the place to your heart's content. Make sure to wear comfortable clothes and footwear because you might be running at times or dodging other people that are chasing actors. I almost got trampled by a couple of stampeding butterballs that must have got turned loose from the comic book convention. I was in love with this place right off the bat. As the elevator operator was taking us all up he prematurely stopped on one of the floors and let one person off to fake them out. He then blocked the door with his arm so she couldn't get back on the elevator. His intent was to separate her from her friend. "No. Please! Please!" cried the woman who was afraid of being separated. That made it for me. It put a smile on my face and earned a star just for that. Yes, people say that you need to split up to enjoy the experience more but I didn't really see the added benefit of that. There's a good chance that you will lose the person you came in with if you don't keep an eye on them because everyone is wearing the same mask and it's kind of dark at points. It's great if you want to get lost and then sneak up on the person you came in with to scare the shit out of them. I did that near the spooky cemetery set.   A mixed crowd for the most part. Lots of couples on dates. You will see audience members going through desks, books, looking for clues. I saw one dork with a notepad taking notes. Definite nerd factor here for the people that couldn't get tickets to Spider Man Turn Off The Dark. I can be a bit of a nerd myself, which is why I thoroughly enjoyed this. A lot of reviews advised people to brush up on Shakespeare's, Macbeth. I thought they were crazy but I reread it anyways and it turns out that there are lots of similarities to the storyline. The characters Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, Duncan, Banquo and his ghost are all represented here. If you don't want to do that, HERE IS MY ADVICE TO ENJOY YOUR EXPERIENCE WITHOUT MISSING MUCH: Book one of the earlier times to go so you can go through the performance at least twice. They allow you to stay as long as you want before close. Explore the place first, then on your second time follow the actors to piece together the story. There's a lot of parallel action and storyline on each of the floors so you have to be careful not to get too wrapped up in one particular actor. As important as good character development is, It seems like the sub characters just sidetrack you from the main plot to the point where you might miss the good stuff. If you only have time to go through it once, my advice to you is to identify who the "Macbeth" character is and follow him. He's the actor that will probably have the biggest entourage of audience members following him. It may require a lot of running. Trust me. Following him will lead you to a couple killings, a techno dance orgy involving a Minotaur, and a good old fashioned hangin. You do not want to walk out of there without seeing that orgy. Not to give too much away, but I'm pretty sure there was an unplanned pregnancy somewhere in there. SPOILER ALERT: I am not the father. I'm still healing from being gored by that Minotaur. Sex and horns, not a good combo. Most of the people I've talked to that didn't like it seemed to have missed a lot of the scenes or just didn't get it. Either that, or they are the type of person that has seen it all or they are friends with a very good drug dealer. Like other reviewers have said, you really need to have an open mind. The interpretive dancing and the no-dialogue throughout nearly had me looking at my watch and heading for the bar. I'm not much of a theater goer, but because of the overall design installation and the mood that this experimental type of theater creates, it had me totally engaged. I'm sure we will see a lot of similar types of productions sprout up from this type of model. So much for keeping this brief.
COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT!!! Annoying as could possibly be. Most people in my party (5 guests) wanted to know: A) who is writing their reviews (INDEED the people who work there!!! READ THEM AND DISCERN THAT THEY ALLLLLL WORK THERE!!! IT'S TO THEIR BENEFIT TO RAISE THE RATINGS TO THIS NON-SENSE) B) Is it possible to get our money back? DON'T EVEN BOTHER!!! I walked out after almost two hours of non-sense and chatted with security guard outside the door who said that not one night goes by without people asking him how they can get their money back. I'm not a theater snob, but I am fair about what I see and overall enjoy theater and the performing arts... but this, sincerely, is such an immense waste of time and money. You are forewarned! DONT' MAKE THIS MISTAKE... THERE IS SO MUCH MORE IN THIS CITY... you'll think of this review if you end up throwing away your money.
I am shocked at all the great reviews this play got.  Although a good idea in theory, this was one of the worst "plays" I've ever seen.   In fact, I can't believe this thing is still open! For all you New Yorkers, you'll recognize the building right away and might be wondering if you've been there before.  Chances are you have... It's the old twilo turned into a cheesy version of a haunted house meets abandoned mental institution.   As for the plot, keep looking for it bc there is none.  After an hour of exploring the building and chasing after characters who don't talk, you'll be ready to head back to the bar for a drink.  My advice- save your money and skip sleep no more.
def unique and thrilling experience that makes it surreal. one thing i didnt like was large crowd. following a character was not simple since many people plus many are slow. also keep in mind its hot inside, if i knew i would wear just a tshirt, i was sweating in sweater :/
Cool experience Slept really well afterwards Misleading title
"Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again" it's been a week, and we are still comparing notes about who-saw-what. and we have now spread the news to all our friends and bought group tickets to re-watch it... my first time was mind-boggling, and intriguing....simply amazing. Note to people planning to go: read up on Macbeth and Rebecca (book by Daphne du Maurier, and also made into a movie by Hitchcock) before going. it will make a little more sense when you're watching certain scenes. There's a few ways of watching the show...you can choose to follow a main character and see where it leads you (which let you understand the main plot better). i followed mostly Lady Macbeth this first time and watched her washing her bloody hands stark-naked in one of her guilt-striken moments.. but sometimes it's hard when you are chasing her up 5 flights of stairs with 20 other audience! some people also choose to just stay in one room and watch whoever that comes through. but i think that's a bit confusing since the storyline is interwined. the characters may also interact with you. but we figured after the show and reading other reviews that it's only the crazy characters or the witches that can see us. we are like ghosts to them. Just go and choose your own adventure. then come back to read more reviews and spoilers...then buy your tickets for a rewatch. be brave...you may dream of  Manderley.
Look, here's what I'll say.... I just came back from New York for a week. I saw the show twice. If you've seen it already (and that goes for everyone I know who's seen it) there's no question in your mind as to whether or not you're going to see it again. The answer is yes. If you haven't seen it, no matter what you've heard or been told, it has not yet entered into your imagination what's in store for you in this place. I'll add two things further and be done: 1- This is the most amazing and transformative piece of theatre I've ever seen in my life, and I've seen truly HUNDREDS of shows throughout the years. And.... 2- If you asked me, had I the power to make one fictitious reality come to life which would it be, I would (without a blink or second thought) tell you "Sleep No More"
*NO SPOILER ALERT The Mckittrick hotel, ghoulish with trepidation..tick tock tick tock....a somber drone, a shrieking man charges ahead, heavy footsteps, what lurks behind-what eerie secrets will be unearthed and which will remain a secret of the night? Sleep No More combines elements of *Macbeth, Hitchcock (Rebecca, Psycho, Vertigo), Kubrick (Eyes wide shut and The Shining), The Bible, One Flew Over the Cuckoos nest, *Rosemary's baby and even Trainspotting.  Five floors of elaborately furnished Victorian and Gothic-decorated rooms, sensuous dances, intense functions performed in period wear-the mood is macabre.  Describing the production as a quasi-Murder mystery cheapens it-it's more than that, more layered, more symbolic, smarter.  Implying that it's participatory theater is only partly true-by providing visitors with masks and asking that they remain silent throughout, the theatergoer becomes for the most part a neutral participant (unless there is the off chance an actor interacts with a visitor). It is not like a play or musical that follows a linear path; wandering is part of the fun.  Sleep No more is an experience onto itself.  I'm going to choose not to describe details of what I saw because I think a richer time can be had by the element of surprise that the production is successful at.   Here are some tips to make the most of your experience: -The earlier show ends at 10pm regardless if you buy your tix to arrive at 7 or 8pm.  Makes sense to arrive at 7.  You can take a break at any time to get a drink (ka-ching) in the plush parlor where 40's music is performed live. -After you have gone through all the floors and have extra time-go back to see anything you've missed.  I was so P'O I missed the candy room. -*Macbeth-ah yes...read, watch Macbeth-just know it.  I don't.  Had I, I would have gotten a lot of the symbolism and the general theme.   -*Rosemary's baby, I've never watched but a friend mentioned a minor influence.  The other movies I have seen and my experience was enhanced by noticing parallels-watch them. -There is a system that attempts to break up visitors who show up together-it isn't really enforced. However, I very much recommend roaming on your own.  There are so many different things to focus on, a companion's inclination and pace may clash with yours. -The crowd could be smaller and because some people are in masks they think that gives them the right to be aggressive, the same goes for some of the staff who push...argh (be prepared). As you are leaving, an over-exuberant salesclerk (ie, the next Ryan Seacrest) attempts to sell a workbook explaining what the hell you just saw-after the fact and to boot, it costs $20.  Highway robbery I fumed but being the souvenir-whore that I am I bought it-it's still in it's plastic wrapping.
Unforgettable?  I guess it's true that I will never forget paying $80 for a mask.  Twisted and sexy? Methinks not -- they are trying too hard to be artsy, and as a result everything is just way too contrived and corny.  Scary? Not exactly.   Clearly I am amongst those that just dont understand the rave reviews. All of the comments about "creating your own experience" and "interacting with the actors" are true, but the issue is that there is no understandable plot, so you dont get to really connect with the characters or get roped into a story.  Each time something would happen, I'd watch intently -- I chased actors and crowds for hours, hoping for something to grab my attention or make me interested. Maybe this next scene will be the one!  Nope... I wont reiterate what all of the previous bad reviews have said, but I do agree with just about everything I read in the 3-star and below reviews, so I suggest checking those out.   On the positive side, I will say that the sets were incredibly well done.  I often stood there wondering how someone could even come up with the idea to build the set that way, or marveling at how much work it all must have been.  If that excites you, you'll be happy to know there is a lot of opportunity for pondering such things with so little going on. Based on what I read before seeing the show, I felt like it would be an interactive murder mystery dinner-type thing, except more modern, scary, larger, and with a deeper story.  It's definitely nothing like that. If I had paid $30-$40 to see this, I would feel like I was entertained, got to see some neat looking scenery, and had some kind of unique experience.  At $80 I cant help but feel like the joke is on me.
A wonderful show! Go and enjoy it! *But only IF YOU ARE A GOTH TEENAGER!
I was fortunate enough to see this performance twice in its Cambridge, MA incarnation (2009-2010), and I snapped up tickets to the NYC event the day the show was announced. To give a sense of JUST HOW GOOD this experience truly is: my first visit (MA, November 2009) was free thanks to promotion tickets; my second visit (MA, January 2010) I paid three times face value on Craigslist in order to return to the limited-engagement, sold-out show; my third trip (March 2011) I snapped up tickets as soon as the show was announced, and traveled down from Boston to see how the NYC version would compare. GO. Just go. Trust these reviews. The show is expensive, but it is also like nothing else you have ever seen. I admit that my perspective is skewed; on each of my visits, I was fortunate enough to have shatteringly beautiful one-on-one experiences with the actors. I acknowledge that I am very, very lucky, and not everyone gets drawn into the world of the show - but go anyway. Try to be drawn in. Observe. Touch. Feel. Smell. Watch. Breathe it in. And leave feeling as though you can never really explain what you've seen. Before you go, as others have recommended, review the Macbeth story line. I also recommend watching Hitchcock's Vertigo (where they drew the Hotel McKittrick name) and Rebecca (from whence the Manderley bar takes its name). If you have the time, I'd also recommend reading Daphne Du Maurier's novel, Rebecca, but it's not necessary to understand SNM (it's just a really, really wonderful novel). But whatever you do, DON'T read the message boards. DON'T seek out spoilers. DON'T try to figure out where to see the big events in the play, and DON'T let your friends ruin this for you. Put yourself in the actors' capable hands and trust that the experience you have while you're inside the Hotel McKittrick is going to blow your mind and far surpass anything you've ever experienced before. Trust the actors. Let them draw you in. Don't be afraid, don't hold back, don't hesitate. Dive in, use all your senses, and let the world overwhelm you. And when you leave, be so, so grateful that you got to be a part of that world, even for just a moment.
This by the far the best theater experience I have ever had!   Don't read the reviews, go with an open mind and a blank slate. Just know that it's scary, sexy, fun and a real adventure!  Best thing to do in NYC HANDS DOWN!!
ORGY!!!! That was the best part of the show. CANDY STORE!! That was the 2nd best part of the show. Now let me go into detail about the following 2 points above. 1) Orgy- this scene is incredible. The lights are flashing, them music is tense, you can feel your heart pounding against your chest. The characters dance with lots of passion and energy, if you stand to near, you might get a few bruises. Maybe if you want to be part of the orgy, then go ahead and stand close to them. 2) Candy Store- I followed one of the witches (in the green dress) to the candy store. Make sure you go in and steal some candy, that sugar will give you energy to run ap and down the stairs for the next few hours. Tips *Wear sneakers as you will be running up and down stairs, across the rooms etc. I saw a lot of people sitting wherever they could as they got tired. In fact, I saw a lady just go on one of the beds to take a nap. Others simply chilled out on the couches because they were too tired to walk. *Ladies, wear waterproof eye make up. You will have to wear masks and this could smudge your eye make up if you're not careful. Wear contacts, no glasses. *Do some stretching beforehand, focus on stretching the calves and hamstrings. You want to be able to sprint after the characters. *If you want to be able to take full advantage of the experience, practice running on a treadmill. Also practice going up and down stairs. Lastly, practice shoving people behind you.
I have to say that I hated it.  I read a lot of the reviews, brushed up on my Macbeth and searched through all the rooms.  What a waste of time.  A couple that left at the same time as us said it best, "what just happened"?  The show made no sense what so ever.  The entertainment value was zero.
Holy crap I love this show.  It's guttural, sexy, and intense.  It's draining.  It forces you to probe what's around you both physically and mentally just to figure out what the hell is going on. There are a lot of things that make Sleep No More incredible.  Everything is executed beautifully, from the creepy dark entrance hallway to the "hotel staff" that right from the start seems juuuuuuuuust a tad bit off to the entirety of the show itself.  At the very least, Sleep No More will leave you amazed at the huge level of intricate detail that went in to setting the whole thing up.  But more likely, it'll provide you with an intense experience that is extremely different from any performance you've seen before. In hopes of making this review somewhat helpful, here are some tips for maximal Sleep No More enjoyment: 1) Wear comfortable clothes and shoes.  You'll literally be sprinting up and down long flights of stairs for two hours. 2) Read the Wikipedia synopsis of Macbeth if you don't remember the play too well.  It'll make it a lot easier for you to figure out what's going on. 3) Follow a character or two for an extended period of time.  There are a lot of interconnected plotlines in this show, and it's impossible to see them all.  When I first got in, I basically just explored and tried to catch a glimpse or two of what some characters were up to.  I had no friggin idea what was happening.  Then I decided to start following who I thought were some of the important characters, and it became a lot easier to put things together.  Though you should definitely take some time to wander around and check out the ridiculously detailed sets, I think it's a good choice to gain some plot continuity this way. 4) Be aggressive.  If you want to follow a character, don't assume that you can just follow the people in front of you.....people are stupid, and will get lost frequently.  Shove your way through to the front if you have to.  And on a similar note, feel free to be bold with random other stuff that's on the set.  There's a candy store full of actual candy.....eat some.  I tried drinking some random chalky-lemonade-looking concoction that was part of the show, because why the hell not?  And if you're in the thick of things and lucky enough, you may even get pulled into the performance yourself. 5) If you're just looking to be passively entertained, you're gonna have a bad time [insert South Park ski instructor meme here].  So come with a desire to get lost in the intense moments, and to put some real effort into figuring out what's going on and to follow the story lines that you want to follow. 6) Get an early reservation if you can.  It gives you more time inside, and the earlier portions will be less crowded since it gets more and more packed throughout the night. 7) Don't miss the rave/orgy.  It's as crazy as everyone else says.  Also, the 2nd time I was here, one of the naked actors started humping a guy in the audience. Sleep No More is absolutely a must-go at some point.
This haunted house-like and macabre production left me disappointed.  I went into the experience wanting to be surprised and in awe, but left feeling weirded out and like I'd just spent $80 to wander around and watch actors do uninteresting tasks.   Yes - I knew I had to dress comfortably, that the production was Macbeth-themed, and that you had to wear masks.  What I didn't know was that in order to have any understanding of what was going on, you had to chase the actor who played Macbeth around all night, along with scores of other masked players who will elbow you to get a prime position.   I spent most of time wandering around the rooms, hoping that some epiphany (or free drink token) would come to me after looking in a drawer. No such epiphany came. When I did encounter an actor, they were always in a hypnotic trance and were either running, lying in a bed, or staring off into space with eerily wide eyes.  And yes, there was nudity and some rough fighting/wrestling scenes, but these weren't enough to keep me interested for very long or enough to give me a clue about what I was really witnessing.   Overall, not an experience for those afraid of the dark, claustrophobic, out of shape, or those expecting a cohesive story.  I can understand how some will be entertained - it certainly is a novel idea, I'll give it credit for that -  but for me I'll stick to traditional Broadway.
This is one of the coolest things that you will ever do and it's hard to convince people of that since it is SO hard to describe what is. But, this kind of art belongs in any culture because, somehow, YOU as an audience member are the artist during this experience since you "choose your own adventure". You will learn a lot about yourself as a person without any pressure to participate in the performance and that is extraordinary, especially as compared to 99% of movies, television, and theater in 2012. The intricacies of the set are one of the most special things about it. If you've ever experienced a movie or a theatrical production that has made you feel like "you were there with them in that time period and place", then this is the 3-D version of that since you get to actually walk around in it. I would never enjoy a second of a haunted house and haven't watched a scary movie in 12 years, so rest assured that I'm not lying when I say it's not scary. It's definitely creepy, but in this cool/happy sort of way. I liken it's creepiness to A Nightmare Before Christmas - you aren't scared, but it is a dark world...but a magical one! Some important tips: -separate from who you came with on purpose. to me, the best thing about this experience is doing it alone. you definitely want to go with someone to warm up with them in the bar first and debrief after since you will have had such an amazing experience and probably want to talk about it with someone, but lose them the moment you get off the elevator and until you meet back in the bar 2-3 hours later. -no glasses or hats (because of the masks you have to wear), no bulky items in your pockets. you want to be able to move freely throughout the space without feeling weighed down. -don't accidentally end back at the bar before it's "over". there is a finale-type thing at the end, so you'll know when it's over. if you end back at the bar, take a moment to breathe, but GO BACK IN! you'll be so glad you did! -follow your heart and don't worry that you're missing something. I think there is a statistic that it's impossible to see more than 1/16 in any given 2-3 hour period, so explore freely and let yourself be attracted to whatever is interesting and feels right. Whatever you do, experience Sleep No More. It is RIDICULOUSLY COOL!
Definitely an experience you shouldn't miss. I can't wait to go back. You should go in expecting it to be very different, very trippy night. The first thing that happens is you get separated from your group, so if you get uncomfortable easily, it's not your place. If you are the kind of person who can get lost in a space, suspend disbelief and really get into something, I'd go. Also stop reading reviews so that you're not too well-prepared. If you're not that person, I'd skip.
Holy shit, sleep no more.  I want to go back immediately.  This was one of the most insane and incredible experiences of my life.  My only regret is that I was a little too co-dependent at the beginning of the performance, and probably missed a few things.  If I were to go back, I would do the following things: -Break up from your party immediately after you get off the elevator -Explore and investigate the sets as best as you can -When the actors appear, watch the entire scene until the action trails off -Start wandering around the "hotel" again.  Take everything in as best as you can, until you come across more actors doing another scene -Do some cardio 3 or 4 times in the week prior to the performance -If a scene is interesting, stay with it, and don't lose those bastards when they run from the set to another one -The rave scene.  Holy fuck.  You don't want to miss this thing.  Probably the coolest thing ever -Don't try to piece any of the craziness together until you've left and had a couple of drinks with your buddies Other observations: -Lots of male & female genitalia, randomly placed bath tubs, blood, lots of serious looking people, the coolest fucking thing ever -You are not going to see every scene, and you don't need to.  There is a lot of shit going on the whole time -The production team that put this together, my god, I can't even begin to comprehend it Shit, I never curse in my reviews
This was an awesome experience.  As a show, it was a bit confusing and I would have preferred it to be slightly different.  But as an experience, it was absolutely amazing.  Way more unique than any other show I have ever been to.  Incredible attention to detail.  Very talented cast.  Not for everyone, but definitely worth it.
I think this show is fantastic. Definitely a show you have to put on your bucket list. Tips for 1-on-1's (personal experiences with the characters) Here are my notes based purely on my own subjective observations. Each performer has their own modes of selecting people, but here are a few possible ways to boost your odds: 1. Loyalty - Follow a character and stick with them for a long while 2. Lone Wolf - Explore alone. You will stand out among the sea of couples, and your experience will be so much more rewarding 3. Proximity - Stand closer than everyone else without being obnoxious. Don't cut/push to the front 4. Eye Contact - Say something with your eyes to them Thanks for the souvenir, Agnes ;) I'll be back again.
Like nothing you have ever tried elsewhere. Totally unexpected, interesting and fun! I had a lot of trouble finding the bathroom though which distracted me for a while :( Defintely don't drink too much before you go but I guess one drink could help you explore a little more freely. Read enough about it that you make the most of your time, but not enough that you ruin all of the surprises. Lots of fun!
I really wanted to like this. The idea itself is brilliant... The execution is like watered down experimental theater at a community college. I wasn't scared, I wasn't intrigued, I wasn't inspired. I was just bored. Really, really bored. I adventured, I opened drawers and ate the candy... I ran after performers like a maniac... I tried to get into it. Nothing. To top it all off the dude at bag check was clearly having a bad day because his attitude and blatant rudeness got the evening off to a bad start. Save the $75
Seriously? Biggest waste of a 100 ever.  Amateur actors, amateur costumes, not enough actors, half of the rooms were nice sets but empty, when there were scenes going on it was so crowded couldn't see what was going on, all this talk about getting lost in it is nonsense - all I got was bored, giggly and shushed by the black masked monster for taking off my white mask to wipe my sweaty nose off!
The mask was cool but can I have my $80 back? So I found the set way more interesting than the actual play...I spent most of my time looking at the minute details in each space. I'd rather eat shrooms and go to a gay club...which would have been a similar experience.
Awesome and completely crazy. Just don't try to keep track of your friends...
I've always wanted to see a simulated orgy with a bull mask and blood set to drum n' bass music under strobe lights. what? Does this make me weird?
Note to self: Do not place clothing worn in McKittrick hotel in same bag as cocktail attire or you will show up to your cocktail gathering the next evening smelling like vintage death and desire.
I did not read the reviews before the show because I didn't want to know ANYTHING about the show and really go in there not knowing what to expect.  I loved everything about the show.  I loved the whole interactive concept and how I was observing and touching everything.  I really suggest you don't read any of the reviews.  I will tell you two things: 1. wear comfortable shoes because you will be walking around the whole entire time. 2. Make the best out of it.  Try to explore and do everything! If the show is ever in LA, I would definitely want to go again even though I know what to expect now!
I saw this a few nights ago and felt compelled to write a review since my feelings on this are slightly different from the endless list of raves about this show, although I did enjoy it. By far the main star in this "show" is the environment. It would be worth going just to immerse yourself in the set even if there were no actors. The level of detail in the set is astonishing and serves to make you really feel like you are in someones dream (or nightmare). The use of lighting, sounds, music and even smells really made this world come alive. The second element is the performers. From a talent standpoint they were excellent. My issue with them is it is very difficult to follow what is going on with the performers unless you: 1) have an excellent knowledge of Macbeth and 2) follow a performer for a good part of their cycle (good luck doing that. I would argue that even with a solid knowledge of Macbeth I would challenge you to tell me who each actor represents and what scene they are portraying unless you caught them early on. Also be aware that the performances are quite abstract. Thing more ballet and less theater acting. A few things I feel people should know before going: -Wear comfortable shoes! (I know this has been said repeatedly) -Go it alone. My wife and I split up as soon as we got off the elevator. This allowed us to experience our own way and not be distracted always looking for one another. -Spend the first hour taking your time and exploring the environment. As I said, this is the real star of the show. But don't think your going to make a lot of sense of it. I know people have said to look through drawers and read papers and such. I did this for a bit but quickly realized that there was not great secret here. Maybe a random line from Macbeth of something but not worth hunting for. And be aware the lighting is really dim which made it very difficult for me to read much. Don't take the props too literal. My wife treated it almost as a scavenger hunt, taking items to use elsewhere. She even lifted a key out of a performers coat and tried to get into a locked door. This idea occurred to me at one point too but it turns out the environment is not meant to be that interactive. -If I were to go back I would spend the second hour trying to following one actor for a full cycle (about an hour). I feel then I would better understand and appreciate the performance aspect. The reality is that would be nearly impossible as the actors literally run away up and down stairs and even through forbidden doors sometimes. Trying to follow them while you are in a pack of people and they run through another crowd of people is not an easy task. -With the rest of the time it might be worth choosing one room and see what transpires there for 45 minutes or so. Some good spots for this would be the replica bar or speakeasy bar both on the 4th floor or the hotel lobby on the 2nd floor. -My personal highlights were the rave scene in the replica bar and the last supper scene in the ballroom at the end. Don't miss these. One VERY IMPORTANT point I want to make. Almost everything I have read says to go in knowing nothing. I could not disagree more. I think knowing what to expect and how the whole thing works is critical to getting the most out of it. If I knew what I know now I would have gone about the whole thing a bit differently (more like I outlined above) and would have enjoyed it more. I don't think pre-knowledge of anything here takes away from it because nothing can ruin the environment for you. The bottom line - 3 days later I still can't atop thinking about this show. That says it all. I even dreamt about it twice. This is an experience not to be missed.
Could be a good show.... if you are tall! Spent a lot of cash for two tickets to something that we heard was "interesting." Got there, and walked around a bit through the impressive sets before we found an actor to try to follow, but they were being followed by dozens of people, and we lost 'em. The place was WAY TOO CROWDED for what they are trying to accomplish, and as a shorter individual, I couldn't see a thing once we finally found Lady Macbeth because all the much taller individuals were packed tight around her. We gave this thing about 45 minutes before deciding it wasn't worth our time anymore and we returned to the box office. While the house manager at the box office was kind, she made it clear that she wasn't going to do anything for us either. We were given an email address to contact to request a refund and never heard back from anyone. Do yourself a favor, skip this show in favor of ANY OTHER SHOW on Broadway!
Reading other reviews, and talking with friends who have gone makes me realize that I have to go back to see everything this show has to offer. I loved every minute of this production.  Thought it was highly inventive and creative, with an attention to detail I have not seen anywhere.  The cast was amazing, I don't know how they put their bodies through what they do for performaces twice a night.  It was just magical, and i don't think it was because of the Absinthe they were pouring freely in the speakeasy. Moments after walking into the main doors and recieve your playing card(ticket), they take you through a pitch black velvet lined hallway maze that looking back, makes you feel like you are going back in time, forgetting about the life you had before you walked in.  The effect works, because when you can see again you are placed directly into a 1920's speakeasy, complete with jazz singers, flapper girls, and bartenders with suspenders, and crisp starched white rolled up shirts. ready to pour you an shot of absinthe.  There is  smoke in the air (provided by the mist machine), and then suddenly a creepy gentleman in a tuxedo comes to the microphone and calls out a number.  It is here you will mostly likely be seperated from your group.  You are given a mask, and the group of people in your number take the elevator to a certain floor.  You are told you must wear your mask, must not speak, and must be bold.  That is it.  You are free to roam this strange, strange place for 3 1/2 hours if you so choose.   I don't want to give alot away about this show (not that it would be easy too, since you miss something every damn time), but I will say that watching the actors right in front of you ignore you while they are having their moment, or going through their scene, is one of the most exhilarating things I have ever felt watching a show.  Extremely voyeuristic, which I don't mind.  Anyone that says they do mind, truly could not have enjoyed this show.  It is like walking down the street in the night and a curtain is open into a house with all the lights on, the people could be having and arguement, having sex, eating dinner, part of you wants to turn and look.  Human nature.  This show is all that feeling that you get when you are watching those strangers, only you are right up in their face.  It was amazingly clever of the writers.  I have to go back, partly because I missed half of the stuff going on, because I was on my own journey, and partly because of that feeling... Notes- Wear comfortable shoes/clothes.  I saw women in 6" heels.  Leave it at home people.  You will fall, or be tired as hell. Great place across the street to eat while you are waiting Oris I think it is called. Good pizza/pasta/wine. Go to the second session, i.e. the later session.  Stay longer. Don't bring a purse, fit everything into your pockets if you can.   Bring two tissues one to put under your mask by your head, and one for your nose. You will sweat. Try not to wear glasses
Can you feel ANXIOUS/SCARED/CURIOUS all at the same time? This all takes place at the McKittrick Hotel. They have transformed this place into a whole other world where you may feel alone at times, but someone is definitely watching you.  It's very physical, psychological and even sexual. This is NOT a HAUNTED HOUSE... Let's make that clear. Attending SLEEP NO MORE is definitely an something that someone has to try before they die. I have never seen/been to anything like this before. It totally plays with your feelings and emotions. You control what you see and do. It gets to you... makes you want to know more about the characters and the surroundings. I never had to use ALL FIVE SENSES during a show. LITERALLY. You will be: SEEING TOUCHING SMELLING HEARING and even TASTING (if you go to the right place) I did my very best to NOT spoil this show.... TIPS: Wear comfortable shoes and have an OPEN YOUR MIND. I WOULD DEFINITELY WANT TO SEE AGAIN!!! I wouldn't call this a SHOW, but an EXPERIENCE!
This was an amazing experience.  Highly, highly recommend.  A few notes to add to what's already been said.   Note 1.  Don't worry about the sex/nudity.  Do worry about the "haunted house" aspect. We took our teenage daughter along for the event, with some trepidation.  It isn't obvious until late in the reservation process, but you must be 16 to enter.  I was a little worried that what is "appropriate" for a 16-year old in NYC might be to intense for my suburban girl.  Several reviews made it sound like there was a lot of "adult" scenes in the play.  It almost scared us off, but we have a "no censorship" style of parenting and decided to go for it.   In retrospect, we were had underestimated the intensity of the "spookiness" and overestimated the sex.   So don't be scared off by R rated material.  You may see some naked torsos.  But this is not a "sexy" show.  However, be ready for a lot of weirdness, wandering around in dark hallways and possibly being separated from your group.  My daughter was on the edge of freaking out for the first hour - would not let go of my hand and several times pulled me along to leave a room or scene that was "too freaky".  She would not have been able to handle this alone.   Note 2.  Be prepared to be separated from your friends.   We did get separated from my husband, and had a dickens of a time finding him again. We were lost and wandering aimlessly for a good 30 minutes watching scenes for a second time and eventually found him by happenstance.  He had a marvelous time exploring on his own, and much of the fun was comparing the many places he hadn't seen with what we did, and hearing about his experiences.  He was in a "witch's hut" and she made him a cup of tea and talked to him - my daughter and I never even saw it! So you should expect to be separated - and make a meet up plan for getting back to the speakeasy at a certain time! Afterwards, having a chance to process this amazing show - my daughter can't wait to go back again! This is a unique theater experience - CHECK IT OUT!
It all started over a conversation for a prize during a raffle.  What is Sleep No More, I inquired?  And I was immediately intrigued by the description of being in a "haunted" hotel.  So a friend went online and looked it up, and next thing I know, I was surprised by him getting me a ticket to this show. Now, I am not new to theatrical productions, be it the opera, Broadway, off Broadway and the sort.  But this is definitely something beyond what I have experienced in the past, and I highly recommend everyone to go. Well, that, and on top of the fact that Adam Lambert was there too for the show! Needless to say, not spoiling it for anyone.  However, if you are not too keen about being in dark rooms, this is not the thing for you. Just a couple of pointers without spoiling the fun: 1.  Wear comfortable shoes.  You will be walking for most of the 3 hours. 2.  Polish off on your MacBeth.  Read a synopsis.  It will make more sense when you are there! 3. Pick a character and stick with him / her, especially during your first run / hour.  That will give you an idea of who they are and who the other characters are. 4.  Pay attention to your surroundings.  There are lots of foreshadowing and symbolic items that give you an idea of what is happening. 5.  Explore, explore, explore.  Go through the drawers.  Rummage through the desks.  Lots of great clues surround you. 6.  Don't forget to try a piece of candy at the candy shop. 7.  Don't heavily drink too much prior to the show. 8.  Be interactive and try to look at the characters in their eyes.  Some may respond back! 9.  Be alert.  You may have to move for some scenes. 10.  Have fun.  After all, this is why you go!
I agree with this quote from another reviewer: "Experimental and immersive theatre is great, but when your patrons get lost in the cracks between ambition and art, you've failed. I left two hours after starting my adventure, frustrated and annoyed and not even sure if the play was over. This production was overly ambitious and relies on your willingness to follow the crowd. If you aren't going to follow like a sheep early on, you'll be lost, and you'll have wasted $85. Don't encourage exploration if your audience will be utterly left behind." I consider myself to be very open-minded and artistic. I was briefed on this show by someone very familiar with Macbeth and the show itself. However, we were told on the way up in the elevator to explore, and that the more curious we were, the better. I got excited because I figured that if I did NOT follow the crowd, and instead looked at details otherwise overlooked, I might be "rewarded" (their words) by seeing something unexpected and special. I wandered around for an hour or so, and then started to get bored, and realized that in fact, I should have followed an actor or the crowd. I feel that it is pretentious for Punch Drunk to put on a show that people must "research" beforehand to truly enjoy the experience, especially if they are going to instruct people to do one thing (be curious and explore) when they mean another (find an actor and follow them). Another issue I had was that during the show I had separated myself from everyone I knew, which didn't bother me at all until I realized that I had lost my phone. I knew exactly where I had set it (in the bathroom--we were not allowed to have bags so I stuck it in my pocket, and took it out so it would not fall into the toilet) but it was no longer there. When I asked a nearby staff person in a black mask for help, they seemed more interested in keeping me quiet (by shushing me, even though I whispered) than helping, and told me to go to the bar downstairs. I was not even sure how to get there, so I spent about 15 minutes wandering through sets trying to find the stairs, and finally got scared and frustrated because I couldn't find anyone I knew or any more staff people. So I ended up in tears, wandering around, until I finally found a friend by chance. We eventually found the bar, and when I asked anyone working there for help, they were not helpful at all, and I did not find my phone that night. I was utterly disappointed and frustrated by the whole evening. My phone was, however, found, and I was able to retrieve it, so I must give credit to the staff there for holding it, but that didn't help me to enjoy the show itself.
DO NOT SEE THIS PLAY UNLESS YOU ARE A HUGE MACBETH FAN!  At no point in time did I understand ANYTHING that was happening.  This was honestly the worst play I've ever been to in NYC - and it cost me 90 bones. They make you wear this white mask, which is fine, but every time I turned around there was some clown in a white mask actually taking the time to read some of the random props.  These clowns are opening doors, investigating every nook and cranny, reading random props throughout the hotel, smelling random crap, and sprinting after the characters.  Which reminds me, not only do you have to chase the characters around, but you end up loosing them because there's like 50 other kats following them and everyone runs in 5 different directions.   Anyway, the biggest problem is that NONE of the play makes sense.  I can't believe the reviews on yelp this place is getting.
Horrible show. I was tempted many times to walk out. Spending 100.00 on each ticket to basically watch people who are satanic is a waste of money. I had no idea what the plot was about and felt like I was watching people perform some kind if witchcraft.  Blood, weird animals heads with horns, sacrificing babies, nudity, no speaking, having to wear masks, chasing after characters. I could go on! Did not appreciate it one bit. Made me feel super uncomfortable. Go see something that makes you feel good about life! This made me feel dirty.
Interesting experience to say the least.  I'm glad I did it! We had a 7:45 reservation, but didn't get in until after 8:20.  I would definitely recommend getting an earlier reservation so you can spend as long as you can inside the hotel.  It ends at 10pm on weekdays.  It's pretty pricey, so I'd say get your money's worth/experience's worth. They recommend going around alone, which I would agree with.  I ended up following two characters more, and I avoided two characters (they were just annoying).  At one point in time, I got pushed out of one of the rooms and the door was slammed in my face!  At the end of the show, one of the characters grabbed my hand and pulled me down three flights of stairs to a main room where everyone was gathering.  That was kind of exciting :D I would recommend pregaming, I think that you'll be a little more loose and enjoy the experience a little more.  Do wear comfortable shoes!  You're going to be walking up and down stairs and all around the floor.  Not all of the ground is level.   You should go!
Macbeth meets Eyes Wide Shut meets The Shining meets Bioshock.  Seriously, this is an experience not a sit and follow it play.   The sets are amazing, the candy really yummy and the drinks overpriced (hello, Manhattan).  I'll rinse and repeat soon.  Hopefully it will still be there in December when we go back.
I do agree that Sleep No More is different from any other theater shows. And I do agree that it is a very unique experience in itself. I was amazed by the production. I mean, the concept in itself is pretty awesome. And that's why I give 3 stars. Props to the whole team for placing a new milestone in the history of theater and performing arts. With that said.. If you look through the Yelp reviews, you'll notice that some of the most repeated phrases include, "wear comfortable shoes," "be bold," and "I don't want to spoil you so I won't go into details." Am I right? Well, I wonder how many people can ACTUALLY sum up what happens in there without making excuses or resorting to an expensive program or even cheating on Google. It seemed to me that most people are thrilled by the idea of wandering off alone in a dark "hotel" while chasing after actors who take you through some really absurd and intense scenes. But how many of you can actually say you'd grasped the whole artistic purpose behind the whole production? Can you give this show any meaning beyond what was immediately visible to us, like the naked people,  running around alone through some mysteries and seeing a lot of dramatic dance scenes? To me this show seemed like one of those things that people pretend to understand just to prove themselves. Or to some people it's just a "cool" experience during which they ran around under the influence alcohol and witnessed a lot of trippy things. I even saw couples sneaking into the bathroom or phone booths for some private time. And I don't doubt that some of those people are here on Yelp raving about the show. Didn't mean to sound too cynical about this.. And don't get me wrong, I am a musician myself and I generally appreciate most of the art forms of today. All I'm trying to say, I guess, is that if $100 is an amount of money that you don't mind wasting for some fun, go ahead and enjoy this cool latest addition to the NYC theater scene. But if you are, like me, someone who likes to get the value of the money, whether it be $5 or $100, then I would say think a little more before you buy your tickets.
A must-see!! sexy, mind bending, obsucre... different from all the rest! KILLER show!
A few tips before you go: 1. Familiarize yourself with Macbeth before you go. I sparknotes'd it like I was back in high school. 2. Bring some cash since there is a mandatory coat check of $3 per person. 3. Wear comfortable shoes since there will be a good amount of running and climbing stairs if you want to chase after actors. Light colored clothing is also recommended since it's dark. 4. Get the earliest showing possible since everyone is kicked out by 10pm for regular showings and 2am for the late night showings. 5. This is not really a group activity so either come with a group that is willing to split up or in a pair of two if you want to try and stick together. I was initially apprehensive about entering the very dark hotel and we were quite lost the first 20 minutes since we couldn't find any actors. We soon figured out that anyone without a mask is an actor and that we should follow them. I was so impressed with how the hotel totally transformed into amazing sets. The graveyard truly makes you feel like you're outside. The actors were also incredibly skilled dancers and blew me away. I also loved the 1920s lounge where you can get absinthe shots before you start your showing. This will be a night I will always remember in New York and I'm already thinking about bringing my friends to go back with them! If you have any doubts, I say definitely go; it is so worth every penny.
Surreal. Experience. Certainly this is like no other theater I've ever experienced before. I wasn't familiar with the Macbeth drama (*hangs head in shame*) so I literally had no idea, and still has no idea, what went down in there. There were killings, orgies, baby sacrifices, insanity, and all kinds of madness in there. I had no idea who Macbeth or Lady Macbeth were or what the storyline was, and I didn't follow one particular character throughout the entire show as many had suggested. I just went along with whoever interested me most at the moment. Despite the confusion of the actual plot, I still had an amazing time simply because this is such a novel experience. The idea of dropping someone off on a random floor in a dark mysterious hotel was genius. They wanted you to be separated from the people you came with, because the best way to experience this is to do so ALONE. There are many outdoor social opportunities to hang out with your friends/significant other, folks, and this is not one of them. This is a journey best undertaken alone, and the creators obviously had that in mind when they gave people consecutive playing cards and separated people onto different floors. When you are masked, you become one of many, and you feel a tremendous sense of freedom to go explore whatever you can. You can open drawers, read letters, touch headless stuffed animals, sit on wicker chairs, eat candy, and make the hotel your home, except take any props with you. I even took a mini nap on one of the lounge chairs. The hotel will seem immeasurably large when you first walk in, but after 3 hours of wandering, you will start to get a much better sense of how the rooms are linked and what kind of characters live on which floors. The most amazing thing was how intricate and detailed the props are. They were authentic and true to the period and nothing, absolutely nothing, was left to chance. The house was a character that was NEVER out of character and you feel fully immersed in it as much as the actors themselves are immersed in their performances. And indeed, after the show, I realized I missed many key performances, but my friend also missed some of the things that I saw, the most memorable being the three witches sacrificial scene in the room that smelled like cake mix. I was so mesmerized by the writhing bodies and the electric lights and the acrobatic stunts of the actors. Mind blowing act. The only thing that really detracted from the experience were the hordes of people who ran and chased after the characters. I swear I got some bruises from people shoving and stepping on my feet all night. I guess one of the disadvantages of being in masks is that no one feels accountable for their actions. In an ideal world, if it were just me a handful of other people observing these characters as they move in and out of their plotlines, it would be a truly sublime experience. Sometimes I just didn't want to deal with the people and the crowds which prevented me from following some characters, and believe me, they move FAST. They will twitch and they'll be gone two flights of stairs before you know it, so you have to decide fast whom to follow, and whether it is worth it. Sometimes you have to choose between wandering alone by yourself absorbing the atmosphere of the place and taking in the details, which was what I did most of the time, versus taking the risk of hurtling after characters who might reward you with a fantastic action scene, or might leave you disappointed by fading out.
Ladies, just don't wear heels. You will still look cute in your flats or sneakers. There is a lot of running up and down stairs in this show, and people like me who actually want to experience it don't want to hear your complaints. That being said, this was one of the coolest theatrical experiences I've had. You definitely have to go in with an open mind. If you are jaded, snobby, or go in with expectations, you will be like these nasty reviewers here. You have to relax and just allow yourself to become one of the Scottish king's ghosts. When you first enter the hotel, you are required to check (for $3 an item) anything that cannot fit in your pockets. You will want to check your coat, and not wear anything too heavy, as it does get very hot in the hotel. Knowing this, I only brought a small wallet which fit in my back pocket.  When your number is called, you will be given a mask to wear. The mask is not really styled for those of us who wear glasses, so make sure to wear contacts. When the mask is on, you are not allowed to speak. When you get in the hotel, you can wander off and look through the props and different rooms, but in order to get a story you should follow the characters. The show is about 3 hours long, so I followed most of the characters sporadically as well as explored the hotel on my own. I would have been okay with the show being a bit shorter, but it needs to be this long in order to get the story arc. (For those who haven't read the Scottish play, it's on Cliffnotes.) There is nudity and some disturbing images, so if you're a prude, don't go into the room with the strobe lights. This was my boyfriend's third time going, and my first, and I would definitely like to go again.
Let me make something clear, I have no problem with a new spin on a classic play, I am completely open to that; but this production was just frustrating because well um I guess I'm not artistically inclined enough to get it. What just happened!!! I saw "Sleep No More" recently and um, I have no idea what the hell it was about. Clearly, I should go research what the hell this plot twist on Macbeth actully about. I thought it was based on Macbeth so at the advice of other Yelpers, I made sure I knew who all the characters were before I attended the play, what a WASTE of my time! Instead of reading about the characters, I could have been watching something on Netflix. If this play is based on Macbeth, then it must be based on another version, created in another universe, written by another playwright. There seemed to be characters that I didn't know existed. For example, a random pregnant woman and some woman who was a complete tramp. And I never saw 3 witches! If the two random women going around seducing everyone were the witches then um once again this is not the same play. There was also a random orgy...hmmm...I am not completely complaining about that, it would have been cool, but the orgy was mixed with a weird sadistic, bloody sacrifice of a baby. Uuum yea what part of the play was THAT!? In other news, if I completely ignore that the plot was random and had nothing to do with anything, then I can say that the production was beautifully awful, brilliantly ridiculous, and interestingly not interesting. Here's why I gave this production 2 stars: Okay let me give this "play" some props. The hotel/set was awesome! Each floor had a different room beautifully decorated with vintage furniture, mazes, random trees, a cemetery, and a candy shop (you can eat the candy :-) The actors were trained dancers. All the actors interaction involved interpretative dance which I thought was beautiful! The interpretive dance with the sex scenes was pretty hot. Also the bar area before you begin the play is nice, very 20s with nice music and lighting. Advice to management: This would make a FAR better hunted house so please consider turning it into like "the hunted hotel of Macbeth" or "the ghost that hunt Macbeth."
This could be controversy of the year: a show with no words, all contemporary dance, unspeakable content (try to be mysterious but really not very sucessful), and a moving stage- people walk around in the hotel for 2.5 hrs and the hotel has 5 floors. The decor in the hotel surely worth 1 star, I espeically love the room with rose scent and dry ice, and the forest with "woods" and "grasses". The content though is just using sex plus horror as the selling point. I know they wanna say it's a modern version of Macbeth, but guess what, I found it far from true, the portrait was so trashy. All the shakespeare show that I've watched at small theatres, big theatres, are better. Also it's definitely too lengthy FOR WHAT THEY HAVE SET UP- the current show could easily be cut by half in terms of the content. Superficial under the disguise of peculiarity. Skip the hype!
Best experience ever. Highly recommended.
I'm not your typical theater go-er. I don't like musicals (gasp!) and I have trouble sitting still for any length of time. However I do love a good Shakespearian tragedy. Hence, Sleep No More is perfect for me. I attended a Wednesday performance at 7:30.  I recommend going early  and taking advantage of the apertivo from 5-8pm at Ovest. There is bruschetta and happy hr drinks at the bar. Most likely it will be standing room only when you arrive. Don't be a sucker like me and sit at a table. Have a couple of drinks, but that's it -  you'll need your wits about you. And seriously, don't wear stilettos, it's like showing up at a basketball game with golf shoes. Not appropriate footwear. The reviews are true, this is best viewed alone. If you go with a group or a date you will get split up purposefully. I pulled a Queen card and still went with my boyfriend in the King's group. However, I got off the elevator first on a floor no one else did as I was closest to the door. That split us up for a good 45 minutes to an hour. During that time I chose to run willy nilly all over the place like a two year old on a quart of corn syrup with a double espresso shot back, peering into drawers and what not. I recommend this. Run until you're sweaty and have seen, even smelled it all. I repeat do yourself a favor ladies, leave the Louboutins at home Don't go for a break at the bar mid show like I did, I feel like I missed something! Ride it out and bring a flask if you must, my bar tab was about as much as my ticket. I've been hearing it's the last month of Sleep No More for months. But seriously- it would be a tragedy in and of itself to miss this show. If you go with others; plan for drinks afterwards or enjoy your train ride home discussing your experience. Each person will have seen something different or interpreted a scene differently. *********************************SPOILER ALERT************************************* As soon as I ran off the elevator I was put into an old wheelchair by a powdered wig. She whisked me off into a back room and immediately reclined the chair. When I looked up I discovered there was a dollhouse and an entire scenery of what I assume to be the castle and it's grounds. She pushed me down a long hallway quickly and deposited me at the stairs, I had to make my own way out. I believe I was on the fourth floor. This was the highlight of my experience.
Terrible experience with the ticket reservation services. They would reserve extra tickets that they won't list openly on the ticket calender, and charge you more money on the option on their page, saying, "For inquiries regarding access to evenings that are sold out on our calendar email: reservations@sleepnomore…." I tried to reserve tickets on a specific date that "looks like" all booked according to the booking page, and I sent an email to the reservation services as they suggested. They replied that I could get tickets via email at the rate of $125, almost doubled the original price of $75. I turned to Craig's List and found a post offering four tickets. After contacting with the guy, he said he had just changed the date of the tickets with Sleep No More, which means that the ticket office should have four extra ticket to re-list on the ticket calendar. But when I email back to the reservation services, they say NO- they will not have tickets come out on the ORIGINAL price! What kind of money squeezer is that? I know you have great shows, but that's not the way you treat people who serious want to see the show at a reasonable price.
YOU WILL LIKE SLEEP NO MORE IF YOU LIKE: + Rasputina + The Shining + Bioshock video game + Vintage medical equipment + Ephemera + Stuffed birds + Being alone with everyone I was skeptical.  The tickets are a pretty penny and the prospect of leaving my handbag and coat for $3 in a heavily trafficked dark corridor was not winning over my confidence that this would be worth the money and effort to get in. A friend who had been twice advised me to forgo my handbag and carry my money in my bra.  What was this, Hialeah?  No, thanks.  So I ended up bringing (and checking) my bag, as well as my wary attitude at the front desk. My friend had also advised comfy shoes and clothes that wouldn't get stained by stage blood.  Como se what?!  Fine.  No heels and a cotton frock it is. I was fairly confused but pleasantly mystified for the first hour.  I couldn't keep up with the characters, so I stuck to wandering the endless rooms, each one more decorated and decadent than the last.  I poked around in boxes and files and drawers, giggled at the fake poop in a bedpan within the children's hospital ward, and kept my eyes peeled for the candy shop where I could sample treats. I finally hit a floor that was hopping with characters engaged in dramatic theatrics, from bathing in a tub to enduring labor pains.  I would like to take this moment to inform you, dear reader, that I saw a dong.  That's right.  Actor dong.  I was in the line of proverbial fire when said actor lept from the bathtub and sprinted to an adjacent bed near where I had perched to observe this portion of the show.   Word on the street is there is a witch orgy, complete with laser lights, house music, animal heads, and bare boobs.  I must have missed this part, but I did see what I have dubbed "Creepy Last Supper in the Christmas Tree Room". The lounge on the second floor is a real-life bar where you can imbibe on brews (Session, Hitachino Nest, and some other bottled beers) and cocktails.  Water is easily accessible for self-serving, which is much appreciated after three hours in a carnival-style mask. I made sure to visit as many floors as I could, but it was damn near impossible to really explore everything.  I plan on going back in March because alas!  Tickets are selling out months in advance.
Sleep No More has been garnering accolades and rave reviews in droves since it landed in New York this past spring, and before I stepped off the elevator into The McKittrick Hotel, I wasn't planning on adding to the heap. However, now that I've lived through what was hands-down the most surreal experience of my entire life, I feel compelled to add my two cents to the thousands that are already out there. If you've never heard of Sleep No More, here's a general sense of it: If Alfred Hitchcock read Macbeth, drank a glass of absinthe and then decided to build a haunted house out of his hallucinations, Sleep No More would be the result. Only it's deeper than that. Most haunted houses scare you in a fun, silly way for a little bit and that's all. Whatever it is Sleep No More makes you feel -- fear, anxiety, love, lust, hypnotized, thrilled, like laughing, like crying -- gets into your bones and stays there. Much of the brilliance and innovation that the production is so often praised for comes from the fact that the audience can play with the set. And the set! Housed in the long-abandoned McKittrick Hotel in Chelsea (where Hitchcock himself was once a guest), each room is its own work of dark, twisted, hyperdetailed art. One could easily spend the entire duration of the piece just walking around, flipping through books, smelling vials, opening boxes and drawers and exploring every incredible nook and cranny. Each room even has its own smell - the lobby smells like tobacco, a room full of trees like a pine forest. You could do that, but then you'd miss out on watching the actors. These are the most agile performers I have ever seen. They dance, flip, jump, throw, and twist their bodies so deftly that they don't need to say a word in order to convey an entire relationship. Which is good, because there is no talking during this entire production. The performers don't need to tell us the story - the atmosphere and their movement ARE the story. And if there's still some mystery in that story you want to investigate, you can. If a cast member writes a letter, leaves it on a desk and then leaves the room, you can pick up that letter and read it. Audience members (all of whom donned masks at the beginning of the evening) were lead, caressed, and shoved aside by performers. The confluence of every part of the production is hypnotic, and your brain is overpowered by the sheer density of the theatrical world you are now an inhabitant of. And soon, you can't imagine the world being anything else but The McKittrick Hotel. Ticket prices are steep, but it is worth every cent. Stay until the bitter end. And most importantly, get ready to be swallowed whole. The world of Sleep No More will have its way with you whether you expect it to or not. SLEEP NO MORE: Emursive and Punchdrunk Theatre; The McKittrick Hotel, 530 West 27th Street. Arrival times begin at 7 PM; on Fridays and Saturdays, late night arrival times begin at 11 PM. Through 12/17.  sleepnomorenyc.com. $75-95
I have experienced many theatre performances in my life, and Sleep No More was by far the most astounding and memorable. Definitely re-read Macbeth before you go, or for god's sake if you have not yet read it, get off Yelp and do that right now! Do what I did and skip the drinking beforehand- you want pay attention to every detail and be able to effectively chase the actors as they lead you on a mad dash. I would love to ramble about my own experience but I think it's best to preserve the mystery and just say that this is magical and not to be missed.
This isn't a review of SleepNoMore, it's a review of the New Year's Eve dinner and ball at the McKittrick from last night. Let me begin by saying that my girlfriend and I enjoyed SNM, and we are big fans of the rooftop bar at the McKittrick. The dinner was good and bad.  The food was actually really good. There wasn't enough of it, and the way it was served was confusing.  The restaurant area was very nicely decorated. Communal seating, 8 per table.  Two platters of food were brought to the table. 3 pork chops were put in front of one couple, and 3 turkey legs in front of another. Nobody was asked about choices, and nobody was told what was going on. It took us a while to figure out that these were the meat entrees for the table, and these 6 pieces were for 8 people.  There was a tureen of soup/stew at one end of the table, but there were no soup bowls on the table. Dinner plates were quite small. There were no steak knives to be had, just butter knives. It's not easy to carve up a turkey leg with a butter knife. Eventually a server came around and offered a spoonful of mashed potatoes. There was a small platter of salad with sliced scotch eggs, again, at one end of the table, that had to be passed, and it was quite small.  Desert was individual servings of excellent caramel bread pudding, and communal bowls of candy: chocolate truffles, and chocolate coated coffee beans. There was no coffee served for dinner, for some reason. The dinner could have been really good if they did it right.  The potential is there. After dinner the staff shuffled everyone off to the ball.  This was actually quite good, with one giant exception.  First of all, if you've been to SNM, you know that the art direction and presentation of the space is amazing.  We saw one room with a 1930s type band, another one with sort of a bluegrass type of band, and another big dance floor with a very good DJ spinning mostly house.  This was all good.  As a denizen of the city's clubs and lounges, I actually wouldn't mind hanging out in this space more often. Here's the problem: It was grossly oversold.  6 deep at the bars to get a drink.  They ran out of coat check space and had to pile coats on the floors of some rooms.  It was a big space but you still had to push through the crowds to do anything.  I don't mind that, I'm used to it.  But, spending 20-30 minutes to get a drink?  Eff that.  We paid $250 a head for this? No wonder it was "a secret". If there were less people, it would be been epic.
I really wanted to like this, honestly. Why else would i have bought 80 dollar tickets?? But atlas, I did not enjoy it one bit. Honestly I was bored and this boredom, although just below the surface, didn't hit me until 2 hours in. The excitement from the hype was ongoing and I looked through every crevice for... for... for what I can't even say. Clues? More like useless junk. But the hotel was neatly decorated... the act, dance, w.e. u call it was just terrible. Unless you enjoy watching nothing like some girl looking at her self in the mirror for ten minutes, then at clothes in a suitcase for another ten minutes while getting shoved in the back  by the crowd, then do not go to this. However, award for the worst of the night goes to the crowd. It was over crowded and therefore was impossible to follow any of the actors. You simply could not see if there were people in front of you and if u were in the front, u will get hurt by the dancing actors. I don't blame them though. They need to move and dance, and it is kind of hard with the ten feet of space the crowd gives them. This one girl jabbed me in the face with her elbow (by accident I presume) in which i replied with a very loud "owh!" She glanced over to me, and because she needs to follow the "no talking rule in the theater" she rudely just looked away. Really? Are you proud of yourself? A star for creativeness.I give them that. Tip: If you're going to this, buy a lot of the $10 absinthe shots, until you see fairies.
Best performing arts experience I've ever had. The idea is pure genius - interactive theater brought to the very extreme. Spectators interact with every little thing in the play, and the details are so well-designed, the actors so engaging that you'll really become part of the play. Almost spooky. I won't tell anything about the plot or give away any nuggets because I don't want to spoil the surprise - and believe you me, you will be surprised. Beyond expectations. Do yourself a favor and go now, because there is no other theater experience like this in the world.
Maybe it was because I was sick. Maybe it was because I was coughing and sneezing while under a mask.  Maybe it was that I was in heels running up and down numerous stairs.  Maybe it was because I did not know what to expect. Maybe it was because I was expecting more action and acting and less dance expression. But in the end, I was a simply tad let down by Sleep No More. The cool parts was the entrance to the show.  The getting us into character at each step of the way from the moment we walked in.  I appreciated the level of staying in character for each of the staff and even the acting while in the bar that we walked thru a maze to get thru. I loved the maze elements of the set up. I loved the display of the entire space. The production and set design teams should be applauded.  It was unique, memorable, unexpected, and intricate.   But as far as the SHOW part.  The more intense acting was from ushers into the elevator than the stars themselves.  Even the bartender at the bar & the whole vibe in the bar with the staff was quite good.   I think I expected that level of intensity throughout.  But instead, once we were unleashed into the labyrinth, I was disappointed by the vagueness of the acting.  I thought the premise was to experience firsthand what a show would be like as it unfolds in front of you.  Seeing thru the eyes or living thru a characters moments with them.  Which that alone would have been amazing.   But instead I felt I saw a lot more dance expression and it was too vague to even understand the characters. While I also loved the Kubrick concept, the eyes wide shut, the voyeurism.  It missed something for me, personally. I would have rather it went down the very "hush hush" almost offensive sexual route into voyeurism.  OR it went down the very outlandish acting with drama unfolding for each character, so following a character was more compelling.  I honestly, felt it was more critical to see the set design as it was more special than the acting itself. The minimal dialogue and action made this fall short for me.  I was hoping for amazing. I had heard such great reviews but I do think they missed a great opportunity.   I give it a 3 with the potential to still be a 5, if they thought thru the acting a bit more.  But it gets the a-OK simply with its uniqueness of platform and attempt t be great I hope they attempt another one and think thru how to make it  a bit more extraordinary.
Terrific! An amalgam of decorated theatrical parts, sleep no more is part music, part theatre, and part interactive show. It's true what you hear, its better to go in naive to the experience and to put it together while you're there.  At least that's my recommendation, but even people who return to see the show a second time enjoyed it just as much. Talented actors and actresses take you on a multilevel journey through the hotel and after the show is over, stay for the fantastic bands. A great show for the bold!
WAY too many people. Please sell less tickets SNM. I couldn't even see half the scenes! I agree with Cristy M. I went to the show with such high expectations, which is part of the problem. I also expected to see raw and "intense psychological situations" as my confirm email depicted. Where's the nudity? The orgy? The blood, guts and sacrifices? I was completely disappointed. I thought this would be more thrilling, more powerful and less lackluster. I literally remember being bored at one point. I stuck with one character after running about aimlessly for the first hour. I am glad I did, because I understand that character's story....but how does it all tie together? I was hoping for light switch to go off in my head during the final scene where everything came together, and it didn't. Why? Because I  had no clue what the other character's stories were, or how everything was related. I feel bad giving this show 3 stars, as the performers are INCREDIBLY talented. The way they move about and show emotion through their malleable dancing....it really was beautiful. Words weren't necessary (as nobody can talk); you could see it all on their faces and in their motion. They deserve 5 stars. All in all, I would go see it again to see another character's dilemma. I would also not go with such high expectations, as I might have actually 5-stared the show. *TIPS* Expect to pay $12 a cocktail, and definitely try the Absinthe punch. Don't wear glasses...I did and made it work, but it was uncomfortable. The scenes repeat once more (everything is played twice), so my recommendation is to go through the entire 5 floors VERY quickly right away, and then pick a character to follow after. Don't spend too much time in tiny details in the drawers. Didn't help me much.
I think this immersion theater concept is very cool! I wish I would have known that the scenes play through 3 times over 3 hours. When I returned to a major scene I had already seen, I thought I was done and returned to the lounge. I missed a lot because of that. I also wish I would have ensured I explored all of the floors instead of just following characters. I did explore quite a bit, but only moved between floors following characters so I missed an entire floor. Stay for the Jazz singers at the Mandalay Bar! They are phenomenal!
Absolutely wonderful. The entire building is filled floor to ceiling with old-timey props and music. The rooms are half contemporary art installation and half haunted house. As a person who is obsessed with space, place, and identity, there is nothing better than rifling through things where you normally are socially forbidden to do so. "This isn't mine and I'm opening it!!! I'm rifling through these papers and you can't stop me! And candy in jars? Yes please. I WILL be opening this jar up and taking one for myself." I love all those intimate objects - to sit in someone else's chair - to lie in someone else's bed. Gorgeous, haunting, liberating... Loved the ambiance. Loved what wearing a mask and going in alone (and you really really ought to go at it alone) does to your psychology when you're wrapped up in foreign environment with other strangers. Fills you with lust and fear and anticipation and unbridled curiosity. That is, if people shut their mouths and let themselves get lost in the space. The performances themselves were not the center of attention for me - though the main table scenes were by far my favorite. And don't expect acting as much as contemporary dance. Do expect young nubile bodies doing hot tawdry things. I wish they just dropped the whole 'based on macbeth' thing because besides the theme of madness, murder, and deceit, there wasn't much more I picked up on. Just drop the plot. I also wish there were more frequent and spontaneous character appearances throughout each floor. And maybe different patterns of repetition so you didn't have to trail behind characters (not that I did anyway - more fun to round a corner only to have an actor fall down the stairs right into you while everyone else is lined up behind him like suckers). If you start getting tired, don't force yourself to keep going. Duck out into the bar, sit, and relax for a minute. The jazz band playing in the bar was amazing the night I was there. Truly transportive - like a time machine in aural form. The drinks were horrifically overpriced. $15 for a Manhattan. Their house absinthe punch was tasty and priced at $10 but pretty darn weak. But it is nice to sit down and sip on something while you touch back into reality. Feeling recharged? Put that mask back on and return into the darkness. All in all, totally magical. Just turn off the left side of your brain, throw your phone out the window, kill your expectations, go in ALONE, and succumb to the wilderness of it all.
Its like living inside of a david lynch movie.
Words cannot really begin to describe my experience at Sleep No More... But I'll try. When you arrive, dont expect the typical grand entrance that most Broadway-esque shows have in New York. You feel like you are sneaking in through a VIP back door. Get there early because a line will start to form at least a half hour before the show begins... I know there are time slots and all, but first to arrive is first to go in. We were a part of the very first group to enter the grounds and it was definitely to our benefit... Walking in rooms without swarms of people makes the experience much more personal. When entering, be prepared for a very very dark hallway... keep to the side and use your hand as your guide and keep going... look out for corners... and yea there will be bumping into people in front and behind you. The waiting area/bar/neutral grounds was very nicely decorated and a great taste of what was to come. Feeling like we slipped back into the 1930's... good looking bar tenders and absinthe shots welcome you warmly. Once your card is called, you slip into a deep elevator with a sketchy man with a deep voice and a taste for cleavage. *Little insider tip: If you can manage to be the last one in the elevator, you will be the only one to see the 'secret floor'. Im leaving it at that... but you better be a brave one, because you'll be seeing it completely alone. Once released from the elevator, armed with your mask and a hushed tongue, you are free to wander... I went with my boyfriend but I agree that splitting up is somewhat wise in the beginning. You'll see more and experience more. Can you stay together too? Yes, we did for the second half. Is it creepy? Yes. Is it dark? Yes. Is there pushing? Yes. Weird smells? Yes. Nudity? Yes. Speaking? Definitely Not. My first encounter with one of the actors was his pulling me into a lab and placing a dead bird in my hands and then dragging me at a sprinting pace to another room. Ah yes, which brings me to another point. Be ready to run. There is running involved if you wish to keep up with the actors and scenes. Wear comfortable shoes. There are 6 floors for you to venture around. This is an adults 'please touch' museum when it comes to the rooms... sit in the chairs... pull back the bed sheets... open the drawers... its all for you to experience.  And keep your eyes open for letters all the time... they give great clues as to what the heck is going on lol. And try to stay til the end for the big finale! Okay, so that's enough details... Go experience it for yourself.
Not a fan!  Went in with a lot of excitement from all the reviews.  This show was a disjointed mess that was extremely hard to follow & just went on and on.  You leave utterly confused and feeling like you wasted your money.  The only redeeming parts of the show were the actual set (design) and the fact that the overall experience was unique....definitely not enough to actually want to go.
What a remarkable, unforgettable experience... Sleep No More was a twisted joy ride of interactive theater, music and dance, like nothing I've ever experienced. Yes, it's confusing. No, the story is not linear. But that's the beauty of this production. If you want to sit in your seat and watch three acts with an intermission there are plenty of other places to do so. Sleep No More is not for you. But if you're open to a mysterious, enveloping night of intrigue and art then I highly recommend you go. Tips and tricks: - open your mind - follow the music - wear comfortable shoes - check bags and coats - poke, prod and explore the gorgeously detailed set - find and follow the actors, but don't stick with just one - read a quick Macbeth synopsis or cliff notes to refresh your memory - But don't actually expect a performance of Macbeth, you'll be disappointed - go "with" friends, but separate during the show - Fortune favors the bold :)
One of the best experiences I have ever had! There isn't much more for me to add besides what has been said in so many reviews already - just go in with an open mind, and you will have a great time! I will reiterate that you absolutely need to wear comfortable shoes that you can run in. I can guarantee that at some point you will be watching a character and you will want to stay with them....and because they take off running, you will want run too!! Also, don't stay with your group! You will have much more fun doing your own thing - so much fun to talk about your different experiences when it's over. It was so annoying when couples and friends wanted to hold hands to try and stay together - that's ruins it for other people who need to move past you. Loved my experience with Sleep No More - will definitely go again!!
One of the best experience I've had in my life, very different, dynamic, unique play. Since the beginning you know you are in for a treat, the drama of the entrance and the masks makes you feel part of it.  With out telling you much so you can experience it, it is a show that you should not miss if you are in NYC or are a fan of Macbeth or Shakespeare or new theater. The hotel and each floor are built to perfection, every scenery is vivid and the performances are great. Everyone has a different experience as you don't enter together and you follow different actors around. It's easy to loose track of time as you are trying to understand and put together all the scenes going floor by floor. Long story short it is a unique experience.
Best Experience Ever! It will consume you for days afterwards. I became obsessed, reading everything I could on the Internet, hoping for some insight to my experience. I read blogs, forums, articles, anything I could find. I still think about my experience there and find myself wishing to go back. Not sure what else to say because I don't want to ruin the experience for others. It was truly incredible. I'd go again if the tickets weren't so pricey. Quick Advice: Wear comfy shoes. Be prepared for $12 drinks. Wear a watch and plan a time to meet back at the bar in case you get separated from who you came with. Brush up but don't study Macbeth. Book in advance - It sells out quick. Go again!
Went here with my friends for my birthday and it was a really awesome experience. My only gripe would probably be the price (100 bucks) seems very pricey. Anyway, as soon as you enter you're given playing cards that will indicate when you enter the hotel. It's cute because it's as if you're checking into the hotel and these are your room cards. After you receive your card, you go through a hallway and are transported back into a speakeasy era. All staff are dressed the part and the room is smoky with everyone drinking small martinis or manhattans. They call your cards in groups and then you finally get to enter the hotel! I don't want to spoil anything but I will say if I went back I would spend more time exploring and less on the characters. I know you're supposed to follow the characters but I spent a lot of time with one and not much happened with her. I kept being afraid to leave her in case something good happened. The finale is very interesting and depending on who you follow, you will be running! It's something that I've never experienced before and I don't even know how to explain it to people who have never heard of it. If you get the chance, it's something you must try.
Okay so I finally went to Sleep No More two weekends ago. It was a Saturday night and my gf and I caught the 11pm show. We got there a little after 10. There was a line about 10 deep so we decided to go across the street for a cocktail. By the time we sipped down our drinks it was 10:40 and the line had grown to 100 people, probably more. I was actually surprised the line was so long. I thought because Sleep No More offered so many showings a day they have a smaller more intimate audience. I couldnt be more wrong. I was annoyed that it took more than a half hour to check in and get upstairs. However, by the time we got upstairs and into the main room bar I was excited and forgot about being annoyed. I was impressed with the Hotel transformation and production that went creating this Macbeth atmosphere. To say I had high expectations would be an understatement. Now im not gonna go into everything that happen once you enter the "show". You can read other review to figure out what goes inside. Instead I'll list the flaws that made this a dull experience : - to crowded. Way to many people chasing one actor to follow the story. You literally have to push and shove ppl to make sure u dont lose the story your following - no introduction to the story being told. No pamphlet on what you should be looking out for or following. - to many dull moments of actors just making a bed. Sewing a dolll. Looking at themselves in the mirror. Gets boring. - if you lose the actor u were following you just wasted your money. Basically I was in there for 2hrs before I went back to visit the lobby bar. And for those 2hrs I really got nothing out of it. AND I TRIED, I PROMISE. I was pulling my gf around toward the end even when she was tired. But nothing made sense. Anyway we tried again after getting a drink but after a half hr of roaming again we left. I applaud the actors and people that put this show together but unless you have smaller crowds its really hard to get anything out of the show. I
This is a new spin on theater and it is quite spectacular on detail. The rooms are amazing with emphasis on taxidermy. However, I did brush upon Macbeth and left wondering what kind of experience I was supposed to have versus the experience I left with. Nedless to say, I was completely confused. When I was not getting the plot, I started to follow some more actors and when I saw one playing out a scene in a room nearby, I went to follow her. When she saw me come up to the room behind her, she turned around and slammed the door in my face. Okaaaay...? I ran aound the 2nd floor like a lunatic trying to find any actor, or any of my firends and got expremely tired and frustrated when it seemed I was completely alone. I took a break in the bar to re-charge and dove back in. I found another actor and I followed him and within 3 minutes he looped his act over again. I found another actor and he also looped the scene every 5 minutes. This scene also did not make any sense. I started to read journals and look through all the photos and rifle through every drawer, yet I still did not reach an epiphany. defeated, I decided to just admire the detail since I do enjoy and collect a few things of taxidermy I must have missed the biggest picture since none of the actors made sense to any plot. I also saw the closing act and still left me even more confused than before. When I did pow-wow with my group, no one seemed to get it either. Some saw Macbeth scenes but were thrown with the rest. Some others saw a naked guy and some naked girls so I totally felt jipped that I barely had any interaction with the actors. I mean its different and totally innovative on interactive theater, BUT and thats a big butt, I was hoping for something I could understand. Its a great experience but I think the best analogy of it is like watching an epic movie and right when the twist starts to unfold, you miss the ending. Thats kind of how I felt. For such an elaborate stage of 5 grand floors of props and actors, you would think they wan't a more fluid storyline. Some suggestions: If you plan to stay with friends, wear some bright atricle of clothing. It was easy to spot some of my group from clear across the room since she was wearing a long orange skirt. Most people will be wearing black and jeans of course and is near impossible to find your firends in the dark.
Excellent, bizarre, intricate, eerie, beautiful. I will not give too much away beyond the basic procedures since it is definitely nice going in without too much knowledge of what to expect. I strongly suggest that you go if you like theater, dance, film noir, Shakespeare, immersive experiences (haunted houses are a joke compared to this). The tickets might seem a bit steep, but it will probably be like something you have never experienced before (and it spans several hours). Our tickets were for 7:20 entrance time, but there was a line to get in. A group of girls were asked by the bouncer to get stamped before they got on line and they thought they were about to skip the whole line, to which the bouncer said: go to the back of the line, this isn't a club. Awesome. Once inside, you can check your belongings, but that means standing on line at the beginning and at the end. I suggest you bring nothing besides ID and maybe some cash for a drink. Then you check in, get your tickets, and are directed to the bar. The bar is gorgeously done. The bathrooms are super slick and modern (this space was previously Home + GuestHouse). The host at the bar is quite charming and calls guests up to begin the experience. Once inside, you are greeted by Constance, are given masks ('completely adjustable with the plastic things,' thanks Constance), and instructions (no cell phones, no talking, there are guards along the way to keep you safe). Then you are set free and told 'fortune favors the bold.' So be bold. The sets are incredible and can be quite spooky. The actors/ dancers are amazing, graceful, and in excellent shape. The choreography is powerful, I'm surprised that the actors are not all banged up - some of the fight scenes look quite real. The finale was CRAZY. I was a bit disappointed that the actors and crew didn't get a round of applause at the end though, there really was no way of showing our appreciation. There is some nudity. One of the actresses bares her chest (woo woo -as Chris Rock says about Janet Jackson's wardobe malfunction: 20 year-old titty, community titty; 40 year-old titty, your man's titty.) One of the actors shows his peen... wamp wamp. Some tips: - Definitely brush up on Macbeth. Though I read it a while ago, I was a bit lost at times. - Wear the most comfortable shoes you can. Really. We walked a lot, back and forth, up and down. Do not wear $500 Louis Vuitton loafers, they might get dirty, wet, and/or worn down from so much walking (yeah a guy in front of us was wearing a pair). - Wear deodorant/antiperspirant. You are walking a lot and it gets warm in there, especially not that it is heating up. Please spare others from your stench. - Drinking lots of water or have gum handy (some people had foul breath). There is a bathroom in the bar area and somewhere else in the space. - The masks are meant to make you anonymous - it definitely works and makes it a bit creepy. Your face will get sweaty though. - If you go with someone and do not want to separate, it is possible, and might not take away from your experience, but just know that at some point or another, you will have to lead or follow. I went with my girlfriend and she followed me most of the time, but I still had to look back to make sure she was keeping up. Despite my best efforts, I lost her at one point. If that happens, don't worry, you'll find each other. - Shows were recently extended through the end of June.
So the whole concept of sleep no more is great ...You walk in and are given a mask and can't speak. It's kind of creepy but then it all goes down hill from there. You're let loose in a 3 story maze with so many rooms. You're just wandering and wandering until you finally find an actor and you're chasing them up and down the stairs. Shit i almost passed out... You miss a lot of scenes because you can't follow all the actors. They don't even speak in their scenes and it starts getting a little boring.  It's a little ridiculous if you ask me. The only thing that is one of a kind is the detail they put into the scenery. The tickets are NOT worth $100!
It's been a week since I've seen Sleep No More and I've finally stopped talking about it long enough to sit down and write about it. Everyone's night starts off the same: in a foggy jazz era club where you're called to don your masquerade mask and shuffle into an elevator. From here, you may or may not get to stick with your friends, but embrace whatever happens - in fact, it's much MORE fun to split up and share your experiences at the end, trying to piece together a story you'll never really understand. Everyone has a different experience coming out of this, so I won't give much away with regards to specific scenes and scenery. The atmosphere feels like the orgy scene in Eyes Wide Shut crossed with a David Lynch film. The experience is like an adult haunted house crossed with a Broadway adaptation of a Choose Your Own Adventure book that Shakespeare and Hitchcock co-authored. It's sensual and scary all in one - you'll often find yourself with that unsettling feeling and realize that it's the temperatures, smells and sounds that are messing with you. Touch and observe everything, follow and watch everyone. And just when you think you've seen something before...keep watching! The response to Sleep No More has been amazing (it's been extended twice) but unfortunately ticket prices have increased with proportion to the demand. If you can round up enough friends who are interested, inquire about group rates - the ticketing group is very accommodating and will set up an open payment plan for you, and you don't even have to all go on the same day! Think of it as arranging your own Groupon. And finally, a word of advice to the ladies: please ditch the cocktail dresses and 4-inch stilettos for the night. I know it's dark and hot in here and you'll see lots of dancing and characters hooking up - but do NOT mistaken this for a club! You'll be running around - a lot - and hobbling up and down stairs is not only dangerous for you, but annoying to ME. AND - I'm wearing a mask, so I'm pretty sure I can knock you over to follow Lady Macbeth and you'll never be able to find me. Enjoy! And GO before it's too late...multiple times if you can. The experience is addictive and totally absorbing - after three hours of playing the anonymous voyeur, you'll need to stop yourself from leaving the McKittrick Hotel and following random strangers home to find out what happens next. PS - If you want to see the "infamous" scene (won't spoil it if you haven't heard about it already), make sure to follow either the Indian-looking guy, the witch with long curly hair, or the bald witch closely. If ushers corral you into a room and you hear techno music playing, you're in the right place.
This is an extraordinary production. If you have never been, stop reading reviews and stop looking up pictures, as not to ruin any surprises. Walk in with an open mind. Wear walking shoes. Be prepared knowing some scenes are very... very risque. If you get scared of somewhat creepy environments, go with a friend. Then again, this was meant as a singular experience. Be aware that there are certain taboo and religious themes throughout. Don't be afraid to touch and examine things, but be polite and do not interfere with the performers. Surprises are bound to happen. Like being transported into a movie.There's really nothing else like this.
First lets start with the good stuff. The over all themed scenery is amazing. Everything is so detailed an interesting.  The walking around and chasing actors wasn't so much of the issue because after going everywhere you see hoe extravagant the work that was put into the scenery. The actors them selves are amazing !! their dance skills are undeniable and the passion they show to stay in character as 30 people chase after them is pretty cool. They give you these mask that are yours to keep so there are 40/50 people running around with mask that add a cool creepy feeling to the whole thing. There are 3 different floors so wear comfortable shoes ladies. Now unless you are VERY familiar with the  play Macbeth you will be lost. Sleep no more is based in the roaring 20/30's so the settings already puts the characters in a different era. Not one of kings and queens following who is who is already difficult. The characters do not talk it is all interpreted dance so even if you trying to piece together what scene from Macbeth it could be your trying to figure out what is gong in the scene in front of you. In the scenes that you can actually connect to Macbeth they miss characters and change roles. At one point I actually questioned if it was really the play of Macbeth. Since this is an interactive play i was not surprised I would be following the actors around but when thee is a scene of 3 people and they all go in different directions you have no clue who you should be following. Because of this you miss a lot of scenes there is no sense of direction. Some people are given private small performances which i a little annoying I came to see a show and would enjoy to see the entire thing. It would help a lot if there was some type of program to follow  so you can experience as much as the play and follow key scenes instead side characters scenes that have nothing to do with the actually understanding of Macbeth.
Customer service nightmare on the day of our visit.  The company recently added a rooftop bar that you can book as an option after the show, so that's what we wanted to do.  We picked our show night specifically based on when reservations for the rooftop were available, then paid the $20/person reservation fee.  About a week and a half before the show, the company called us to say they'd booked a private event at the rooftop bar on the night they took our reservations, so they were cancelling our reservations.  No apologies, no way to accommodate us, just "Hey, you guys are screwed cause we can make more money off this event."  They did refund the reservation fee, but they'd had our money for over a month by that time. Needless to say, I wasn't happy and sent them an e-mail.  They called me to apologize and offered us a VIP reservation at the inside Manderley Bar (within the show, it's where the show starts and ends), basically saying we could skip the line at the door and coat check, and we'd get a VIP table in the lounge with a complimentary bottle of prosecco.  Sounded good until we arrived at 8:09P for our 8P reservation. First of all there were no lines, so big deal with the VIP thing.  Then they told us we should have gotten there earlier if we wanted to get our table (never mentioned this to me on the phone and happily took our reservation for 8P), and at that point they rushed us into the show with no time for even a drink -- if the show starts that promptly at 8P, I'd think the last reservation obviously should be at 7:45P.  After the show, we were supposed to ask for Birdie and she'd get us our table. When it was over we were all dumped back into the Manderley Bar, which was literally wall-to-wall people and five deep at the bar.  At first I couldn't even find anyone to ask for Birdie, and when I finally did nobody knew where she was.  This would have been a great time for the skipping-of-lines-VIP-thing, but apparently that wasn't an option.  We couldn't even get a drink, and by the time I finally tracked down Birdie she told us we'd have to wait until everybody else left and then she'd try to find us a table.  I said no thanks, and tried to speak with a manager on the way out but after asking three different staff members I realized nobody knew what anybody else was doing so we just left in frustration.  Don't even waste your time.
An immersive, voyeuristic experience. But definitely not as interactive as people would have you believe -- there is no mystery to be solved here, your presence does not in any way affect the story or the universe. Still, it is an exciting (if somewhat unrecognizable) interpretation of Shakespeare's Macbeth and Hitchcock's Rebecca through dance and an awesomely crafted universe.
Definitely the best thing I've ever seen/experienced! Genius idea, intriguing storyline, talented cast and fantastic live bands. I made 8 visits within 4 months yet simply couldn't get enough of it. Will do this year's Halloween party of course, and all the upcoming events if possible. Punchdrunk rocks!!!
I majored in theater.  I see shows all the time.  Sleep No More was unlike anything I have ever seen. I don't want to give anything away or suggest people do anything because I feel like each experience is its own thing, but GO. I felt like I was in a video game at times or watching an amazing dance performance or in a dream.  Just freakin' incredible.  Make it happen.
The less you know the better, but: 1. Read the synopsis of Macbeth - it will really help (wikipedia is fine) 2. Wear comfortable shoes and clothes, you will be moving around a lot 3. Go with the flow, follow people 4. Don't wait for friends if they are late, it is a personal experience  and at some point you will get lost anyway5. And check your coat or anything that you can't hang on yourself!
I had months of word-of-mouth reviews from friends on facebook and other social media as well as two wonderful, darling friends who work for this establishment.  It is a unique concept all around and is something different that NYC has needed for quite some time.   I want to preface this review with that I work in Las Vegas doing over-the-top costuming and production for Cirque, EDC, Nightclubs, performance art, etc, so this world is second nature to me.  It's not revolutionary to me but it's wonderfully familiar and I LIVE for the time frame it takes place in. I don't want to go into detail about the individual acts except that it's a lot of acting, dance, interpretation, light acrobatics, mock fighting, etc.  Oh, and nudity, haha! So the sets, theme, talent, costumes, etc are pretty sharp.  There's a ton to explore and do and if you're lucky enough - get one on one's and there's a lot of bits where if you collect these pieces and go to MacBeth or have certain pieces certain characters will interact with you differently.  If you're into video games this is a surreal, awesome world similar to 999 or something like that.   My favorite part honestly is the lounge.  If you get tired of running around chasing actors hoping for a 1-on-1 or secret performance, (I got three, yay me!) you can relax in a jazz lounge with singers and a band and it's pretty cool.  I live for swing house/1940's music so this was CHURCH to me.   Now for the reason this is getting 3 and not 4/5 stars: So.  Damn.  Crowded.   Too.  Many.  People. I was trying to be polite, (sorry, muscle boy here is also a gentleman and doesn't like to push), but damnit, I missed a 1-on-1 because a little Asian lady plowed me over!  WHY is this an issue?? WHY are they not capping attendance?  Forty less people would have made this so much more enjoyable! For those who don't know, there are three rounds of the scene - you can follow different people and see different results before the finale.  The first round had a good size group of people.  Plenty of space to explore and see and do.  The 2nd round was a little tough (there are some tiny spaces), but the 3rd was CRAZY crowded.  I gave up and had a drink in the lounge.  Not cool.  (But did manage to see the finale.) As several reviewers said - dress comfortably and wear sneakers.  Prepare to run.  Bring deodorant.  Drink water.  Eat first.  (My first 1-on-1 was in the restaurant and that was probably my favorite part!)  At the very least, it's good exercise!
First of all, I must admit that I have a friend involved in the production so I want to offer full disclosure. And some of the things I know, the average viewer might not know. Secondly, WHAT THE HELL ARE  YOU ONE-STAR CRAZIES THINKING! It was awesome. Everyone talks about the set and it was phenomenal, but for me the movement was just amazing. Hands down, the most impressive part for me! With the set design as a VERY CLOSE second. The slow motion choreography in the final scene was excellently timed. At the end of the orgy scene, the green dress witch's dance was so great...i loved her crazed passion. The ball with the witches was mesmerizing and the woman who played the Bald Witch...i might become a lesbian for you. All together, I just loved the movement. Bravo choreographer! I also went to the fortune teller and although I couldn't tell if she was real or an actor (are there fortune tellers who aren't actors) I'm totally going to do what she said. And the music...oh my, the music. I love the quartet and the singers were fantastic. I love live Jazz and on Mondays-Thursdays after 10, you can go just to listen to the music. That's cool They were great! I actually went by myself so I didn't have any party to stay with but I think even if I did, it would be better to split up. You can cover so much more ground and there's so much to talk about if you do. Talking about it afterwards with my friend really helped make things come together, but even she hasn't done it all so I told her about things she had never seen. I wear glasses but I didn't wear them with the mask. The mask was a bit uncomfortable for me, but I think it's..uh...made for more slender noses...if you know what I'm saying :) Otherwise, not a complaint from me. If I get the chance to go back, I will definitely get there super early and make sure to spend a little more time following actors. I didn't have any one on ones, but I would love to. If you're going, I would suggest following actors, lots of different ones, and then if you want to go back, buying the book and then really dig into the the set and the details. All together it was so cool and beautiful. I want to mention that it's not just based on MacBeth, there are two other stories woven in that accent the story and explain some of the side action that doesn't necessarily fit with MacBeth. (apparently you can learn all this from the fabulous book they sell at the end for $20) I definitely would suggest a quick brush up of Shakespeare and then I would watch an Alfred Hitchcock movie to get yourself ready. And for people who don't like haunted houses, it's not like people are jumping out and scaring you along the way. It's much more of a psychological thriller! NOW GO!!
When I first walked in to the pre theatre in the bar I felt like I was in a twist of Mad Men meets Midnight in Paris. Then when proceeding towards the play, a David Lynch film meets Eyes Wide Shut.    I had a great time.
Most of the reviews written below are accurate--trapped in a modern remake of Shakespeare's Macbeth, you will find yourself in an immersive theatre performance you'll be sure to remember. You start by receiving a playing card and entering a lobby where you can enjoy drinks in an appropriately designed bar/performance lounge. Groups are called into the play by playing card (be prepared to be separated from friends), and once you enter the elevator your journey begins. Masks on at all times and no talking--you enter the world of the play and from there what you experience is up to you. Pick any actor, any story to follow. Depending on who you choose to follow again and again, you'll be able to piece together the story more and more. Without ruining any of the fun: this was one of the best things I've done in NYC and recommend it to anyone looking to try something new, especially if you've been wanting to see a play.
Monica Y. got it right (yelp.com/biz/sleep-no-mo…), because I also "left wondering what kind of experience I was supposed to have versus the experience I left with." I think the people who created this show were trying a little too hard to create an alternative theater experience. Yes, the setting is incredible... the hotel rooms are pretty awesome and for many people that might be worth the price of admission. But this show just didn't make sense to me. And I'm into experimental theater & dance, etc. -- I even got a subscription to BAM's Next Wave 2010 season last year. But Sleep No More was an experience that I'd not likely repeat considering the steep cost of tickets. I went with friends and despite splitting up (as suggested) I still had a very tough time following the performers throughout the space during our nearly 3 hours there. Some of the dance sequences seemed like filler between scenes as actors waited for other actors to arrive in a room. During some of the scenes, I found myself actually laughing because the acting seemed so meaningless and contrived. Every time an actor went up/down stairs, the crowd that followed took forever to shuffle behind him. Due to the slow-moving crowds, by the time I reached the top or bottom of a staircase, the performers had already briskly moved on and disappeared. I eventually retired to the lounge where I spent $15 for a bourbon on the rocks... until one of the hosts "strongly suggested" that I should see one final scene -- which turned out to be a scene that I'd already watched twice. The worst parts of the night were: 1) when I spent 5 minutes in a maze that had no exit; 2) every time a performer skipped away and I wasn't able to follow him/her due to the crowd; and 3) when I went back into the show after getting a drink in the lounge. The 2-star rating is for the amazing setting, for the cool lounge with a great band, and for the fight sequence I saw that was pretty impressive. (I should note that of my group, I was the only one who didn't like the show.) Overall impression: Sleep No More isn't a complete waste of time, but it's a nice way to drop around $100 before you even have a drink, and despite all the hype and the awesome hotel setting I doubt I'd recommend this experience to anyone.
In my experience the type of people who don't like this show are typically those who don't like to be put outside of their comfort zone. If you have a problem with exploring dark, confusing (and sometimes creepy) spaces, being separated from the people with whom you came, or feeling like plays should have a clear narrative going from point A to point B, this experience is not for you. However, if you are the type that does not mind getting lost in an unfamiliar place or can accept that you might not understand everything that's going on (especially if it's your first time), I highly recommend going. The main point of Sleep No More is to experience the setting and to follow what interests you. If you want to have some inkling of the primary narrative, follow the principal actors (which normally come with large groups of other masked patrons), but I also suggest following side actors or just exploring empty rooms and examining all of the little props. Many of the side characters have their own very interesting narratives, and many of the props/letters can reveal a lot about the story and the different characters in it. Bored with a scene that's unfolding before your eyes? Then just leave and find something else- no one is forcing you to sit there. BTW, if you follow side characters and stray away from the main actors, you are more likely to have a unique experience in the play (despite what other reviewers have said). If you are bold and put yourself out there, you can have one on one experiences with many of the actors- they may tell you a story, give you something to deliver to another actor, or give you some sort of token/souvenir to keep as a memory of your time there. I've seen Sleep No More twice now and my second experience was totally different from my first, which I find amazing. It makes me want to go a third time b/c I know for a fact that there are rooms and scenes I haven't found yet.  I honestly don't understand why one would rather spend the same amount of money for a passive, stale Broadway show, but I guess to each their own.
I think this is one of the best things in ny! It's like a broadway show in a haunted/horror play house. I don't want to tell too much because it's the elements of surprise that are great. But I loved the idea of following the pay throughout the hotel and being part of it but also behind the scenes because of the mask. At first it was a bit scary and confusing but once you get comfortable and start exploring it becomes very interesting. I recommend going with people but separating once you're in to get the full experience.
Sleep No More was absolutely thrilling. I see a lot of theater and this was one of the most exciting live performances I've ever been part of. Yes, the tickets aren't cheap, but worth the price tag. When you first walk in, be prepared to experience a Disney Haunted House feel (creepy elevator with creepier attendant and pitch black hallway maze that you have to find your way through to get to the beginning). This is was the "scariest" part for me, but it gets your heart pounding and helps you dive right in. Other than this, there is NO CHEESE FACTOR. The authenticity is remarkable and it doesn't take long before you, and everyone else, completely suspend belief and become part of the play. The actors are amazing (especially Lady Macbeth) and the NUMEROUS sets are so detailed and thorough, they are really hard to describe ... A set designer's dream. As you may have read, they require no talking from the audience (there is very little noise from the actors too) and that everyone (minus the actors) wear "Scream"-like masks. You'll see though that this is a must. It makes the experience better for everyone, and it's incredible to be anonymous for that amount of time. It's voyeurism at its best. An amazing personal experience - my boyfriend and I hung with one of the characters a little longer than the rest of a group and it ended up being just the three of us in one of bar rooms with a dusty pool table. The actor made intense eye contact with me (even behind the slits in my mask) and engaged me by moving a drink on the bar toward me. I took his advance and approached. He reached out for my hand and starting giving me a silent palm read (including rubbing salt on my arm). When it was done we naturally started to move on, but the character got "upset" and threw the rest of the drink at us (we got hit just a tad). It was great. TIPS: It can definitely be an individual experience, but my boyfriend and I stayed together, which wasn't hard to do. It didn't take away from it and I liked exploring, silently, together. If you do split up, have a game and a rough estimate of when you'll meet back at the beginning because there's a very good chance you won't see each other again. You can always go back in again. Check any bags at coat check (you'll want to be free to move around) - just throw cash/card in your pocket for the fabulous bar. Also, it's very warm in the hotel, so check your jackets too. And, of course, wear comfortable shoes (it's a lot of walking and stair climbing) and leave your smartphones completely out of site. Not only is phone use forbidden, but you will ruin the experience for others if you're Tweeting in the corner. GO SEE THIS before it's too late.
i'm going to preface this review by saying - i'm one of those freaky types that's been 6 times since i first saw it in march of 2011. and it's 2 years later, and i'm just getting around to writing the review because i use yelp all the time, and i'm trying to challenge myself to give back to what i like using. the review: all i have to say is - go. don't overthink it. get out of your head. go with comfortable shoes and no expectations. follow the actors. participate. if a naked lady macbeth is emerging from the bathtub, grab her a towel. do everything. eat the candy. explore all the rooms. get lost in the atmosphere. and if you hear loud, pulsating electronica on the 4th floor - run towards it.   it might be weird, it might be confusing, you may not get it. but it's not really a play you have to get. it's an experience. and 2 years later, i can't stop thinking about it. notes: pick and earlier start time - it's less crowded when you're the first group let in, and you get a full hour before everyone is packed in there. it can get hot with so many people, so check all of your coats, sweaters, purses, etc. wear something you might not mind getting dirty. the masks get sweaty, and wear contacts instead of glasses. grab a drink before at the manderley bar, and after check out the rooftop at gallow green. sign up for the mailing list and go to the after parties and events. talk with the actors. let go of anything you ever thought about theatre, and fully embrace everything.
Very cool concept - I won't say what I liked about it because that could ruin it. My biggest complaint is that they recycle the masks - mine smelled SO bad, it was distracting. As for tips, I would recommend wearing comfortable shoes (the ground isn't always level), don't read too many reviews (keep it a surprise!), and don't wear too many layers as it can be pretty warm. Enjoy!
The elevator bellman said to my friend "You will have good luck tonight" and pushed her out of the elevator. We went up another floor. To me he said "I don't know about you..." and I was off. I spent 2.5hrs running around and completely loved it. Here's a few tips: 1. Wear comfortable shoes. SERIOUSLY. Your most comfortable pair that you can run in and don't mind possibly getting some fake blood on. 2. Wear short sleeves. It's a bit warm in the hotel, and you'll be running around.  You can check your bags and coats for $3. 3. Wear a watch. If you know Macbeth, you can sort of time what is going to happen when -- you just have to find the WHERE. 4. Leave your cell phone in your checked bag. You won't want to look at it, and it'll just take you out of the story. 5. Have an open mind and let the story take you. Oh, and if you're a germ-o-phobe and wondering about the masks... They are one time use. You get a new one, and get to keep it. Also note this isn't for everyone. Some are going to love it as I did, some will hate it.   Be bold. Fortune favors the bold.
I cannot really describe this experience in words without giving away too many details, which I thank my fellow Yelpers for not doing as this really kept me wondering.  That said I can describe how it felt...I did not find the candy room, much to my dismay, but I found other rooms, and mysteries and a world that I sometimes dream but never see in reality.  It is a twisted mix of fantasy and a plot a dark psyche envisioned and somehow brought to life.  The intricacy of the "performances", the emotion invoked by a letter in a dark room, the fear of walking through a haunted forest, all of this is there...and more... I agree that wearing comfortable shoes is a good idea, but a lot of people were dressed up and looked very snazzy which also fit with the 1920's theme of the hotel.   We had bought our tickets through Urbandaddy, so we stuck around for the open bar, enjoying blues and jazz and the afterglow of a truly intense experience. I am going back with Maha before it closes, as I feel there was even more there and I cant wait to "stay" at the hotel again!
Good show, but it's run too much like a corporation and not enough like a theatre. I arrived a bit late and was refused entry by their house manager Eric. It's the kind of show where a late entry doesn't affect the show at all or for anyone. Although, admittedly I was late, the house manager had the power and should have acted the gentleman instead of playing the role of bouncer.  As I am writing this, a lost theatergoer was allowed entry after exiting a side door by mistake.
If you live in New York, or are visiting New York - you MUST go here. Everyone told me for a year that i needed to go, and I put it off, or didn't want to spend the $$ for tickets. We got tickets as an Xmas gift this year, and I have to say, they were one of the best gifts ever. The experience was personal, unforgettable, and very unique. It does get very hot - even in winter - so underdress and/or wear layers and comfortable shoes. You'll likely be running up and down stairs for most of the night. I was lucky enough to share a moment with one of the actors at the end of the show. Loved it so much we went back for their New Years ball. If you're debating on whether or not to go - JUST GO.
Loved this. I grew up in Manhattan, and I have seen a lot. I have never seen or been a part of anything like this. Wear comfortable shoes and clothing. Read the plot of Macbeth. Don't be scared. i wasted about a half an hour being scared. I could kick myself. This was an amazing experience and i am so glad that i went.
One of the most unique experiences I've ever had! Worth every penny. PRO TIP: read Macbeth and brush up on the plot and characters before you attend. There is no dialogue, so if you don't know the plot you may be a bit confused. Doing your homework beforehand will make it so much more enjoyable.
I was intrigued about Sleep No More after hearing a cool Freakonomics podcast with the co-creator comparing it to the Stanford prison experiment: freakonomics.com/2012/09… I normally HATE haunted houses, scary movies and being snuck up on - so my nerves were on edge going into the very dark McKittrick Hotel and I had the death grip on my boyfriend's hand immediately after the coat check.  I don't want to give much away but they split us up on purpose by saying "everyone out of the elevator" and then only letting me out on that floor.  I warmed up to the idea and found comfort in others around me constantly but it is freaky!!  Keep an open mind, explore and have fun.  I really appreciated the dancing, acting and acrobatics of the actors.  Definitely a once in a life time experience. Advice: -Buy the earliest ticket possible, you will get to explore the most and see the most characters -Don't get a drink at the bar when you get there, you will not have time to finish it -Wear flats, you will be running after characters -Bring cash for coat check tips and the bar afterwards -Go it alone
Sleep no more was the least interesting way I have ever spent 2 hours of my life not to mention the extremely rude people that work there. I am literally not even sure what I paid for.  Maybe I just didn't get it but I didn't understand what everyone was looking at in all the rooms  it seemed very emperor without any clothes where everyone is pretending to know what they are supposed to be doing there. Few tips- don't go with friends they will physically and rudely separate you Don't lose your coat check ticket - this may sound obvious but is harder when you can't carry a purse into the hotel. We almost didn't get my jacket and purse back even though we gave them the number and described everything in detail. The whole environment was just boring and unpleasant   However if you have absolutely nothing else to do, have no one to hang out with and have $100 to throw away -then this might be the place for you.
I just want to preface this review by letting everyone know that I get creeped out... super easily. However, I've heard nothing but wonderful things about Sleep No More. Despite me being a little bit of a scaredy cat, I was still really interested in coming and decided to take one of my best friends Kat as her birthday gift. I wanted to take her to do something different and this definitely was the right place for that! Want a little mystery in your night? Do you enjoy being seduced and really feeling immersed in your surroundings? Sleep No More is an interesting take that is loosely based off of Shakespeare's Macbeth. This is absolutely the right place if you enjoy any of the above. Sleep No More is certainly a unique and interesting way to spend your evening. Let the experience take you into another zone for the night. I suggest bringing as little as possible as you need to check your bags and coats here in the colder months. Also wear comfortable shoes as this is a very interactive night that will have you walking around and climbing stairs. Without giving too much away, I suggest buying your ticket and get ready to be surprised! Go explore and be open minded (you will see what I mean later on) as you get inserted into Sleep No More. Be prepared to get lost and find yourself wandering around the hotel. The whole night was a really interesting and fun experience. I highly recommend coming for those who are looking for something that isn't typical. I can't wait till I come back again for another night of mystique!
Very cool, unique experience, that I would recommend everyone who is not offended by nudity and who enjoys an unusual, challenging, independent, choose-your-own adventure type of experience check out at least once. I wouldn't go again, though, because it's quite expensive and I feel I saw 75% of the content, which is good enough for me. I actually wouldn't mind just being let loose in the hotel, sans actors, to have a look around all of the intricate sets. The dancing is very good and the dancers were all very impressive, but I would have preferred seeing actors acting out the Shakespeare rather than interpretive dance. The lighting and sets are amazing. Some tips: Get tix for the early shows so you have more time to explore. Wear comfy clothes, shoes good for running around (no heels, no flip flops), wear dark clothing that you're not worried about getting a little dirty. Wear contacts (no glasses) since you have to wear a mask (which is your own and you get to keep -- which is comforting, because you'll probably sweat in it). Stick around for the music after the show and get drinks in the bar -- great ambiance, and two great jazz bands with sultry singers. The music show was almost worth the price of admission itself. Skip the commemorative book -- it's nicely designed, but it's thin on content and isn't completely up to date (i.e. there are new cast members that aren't included in the cast list).
This will be one of the shortest reviews I'll write on Yelp. It's because the less you know, the more engaging the experience. 1. YOU MUST GO--this is the best of experiential theater I've encountered 2. They tell you, "Fortune favors the bold" or something to that effect when you roll in; it's true--be bold... and EXPLORE! 3. If you go with a friend or friends, it's best to experience it alone. Explore and run around on your own... go where your instincts take you--it will be that much more visceral. 4. Read (or at least watch a movie version of) Macbeth before you go--it helps give you context as to what's happening in the story 5. Go in with the mindset to explore and go in with an open mind--there's so much to experience 6. Expect not to see the whole thing, because the story branches across several areas of the venue--you will need to come back again and again to see it/experience it all 7. If you're lucky, you will be an audience-participant in one of the scenes--don't be afraid--the cast is great and takes good care of you. Finally, HUGE ROUNDS OF APPLAUSE for the performers, set designers, choreographers, and crew. The setup never allows for the audience to express appreciation for their fantastic performance... so BIG THANKS for putting on such a brilliant production!
I can tell why most people had bad experience, it's a little confusing if you don't know what to expect, i knew how they do it, you have to wear a mask, then you go for your self, at some point to see your group you went with, but you are by yourself, you can touch the stuff, sit, or lay on the bed. Fallow the actors, it was a great, I never seen anything like this, something new, when I go back to New York, I will go to see this show again, cuz I know every time, I will have a different experience. I will understand the story better.
Okay, so I don't even know where to begin. It was truly an individual experience. We walked inside and it was themed as a 1920s or 1930s jazz bar ... everyone was in character, and they were only letting a few people in to the "performance" at a time. The performance consisted of 6 floors of this abandoned hotel and (I want to say) about 20 actors throughout the 6 floors. Apparently there were 4 stories going on simultaneously, it was up to each audience member to view what they wanted, at any given time. Everyone was free to roam around, wander from floor to floor, go into each room and look at whatever it was decorated with. The company that put this together is known for their meticulous detail in everything they do.... in every room, there were old photos with names and dates on the back, old journals and diaries to help viewers better understand the show. The detail was fucking impeccable. A room that was supposed to be a candy shop had shelves stocked with various amounts of candy, and the room smelled so sweet. There was a room that was supposed to be an outdoor trail... with dirt and trees... it smelled like you were really on a hiking trip. Also, a room with dried botanics... it smelled like flowers and sweet herbs. I couldn't fucking believe it. The actors never said a word. Everything was done with body language and dance - it was beautiful... scary at times, but definitely beautiful. I don't want to give too much away, but I will definitely recommend the show. I need to see it again before it leaves NYC. OH - one last thing. EVERYONE that is not part of the show must wear a mask. They give out these creepy masks - everyone has the same one - because the audience members are supposed to be anonymous viewers. Amazing. Go. See. It. Now.
went last night, glad i did. i wasn't mind blown like most people but i was titallated, if you will. it truly was a mind screw. i did the whole search through all the drawers and papers thing. that seriously was a time waster. so star taken away for that. there wasn't much connection there. i DID however follow actors around  for the last hour or so and that is where it made up for the cost of my ticket. i finally found some story arcs and that was really interesting. when our group got back together, we connected everything that we saw. along with some funny stories about the guy on crutches we all saw from time to time hobbling around the hotel. poor thing. seriously, wear comfy shoes and clothes. i ran literally 4 floors up after an actor. several times. my foundation & eye shadow transferred onto my mask, i was so sweaty. lastly, if you do go, follow the hotel concierge. for some reason, i was about to poop my pants, i got so scared watching her in her little freaky room. what the hell that was about, i will never know.
Borrrrriiiinnng.   I have more fun stumbling around my bedroom in the dark.   The concept is cool, setup was nice, and the staff is friendly, but the experience was lackluster.  (And it's not like I had unreasonable expectations either.)  You just wander around a dark building, following an actor whenever you spot one.   I'm glad I got to see for myself what all the hype was about, but I recommend others spend their benjamins on a Broadway show instead.  I was curious about Queen of the Night, but am not so sure after this experience. You're handed a playing card when you enter.  This card determines what group you're supposed to be with, but we ignored it so we could go in together.  No talking allowed (and the actors don't really either, so it's pretty much like being in a silent film.  Zzzz....).  Must wear the white masks (provided) at all times.  The artificial fragrance of mustiness in some rooms made me a little nauseous.  The storyline is hard to follow, if there is one.  Lots of props, but they're just things to look at and don't provide any clues.  We got bored after 30 minutes.  You spend most of your time walking, just trying to find an actor.  It's like Halloween Horror Nights on depressants. Tickets are sold for different times, but they're all actually just rolling check-in times for the same 2-hr show.  So if you buy a 6 PM ticket, but don't arrive until 6:45 PM, that's okay, as long as you get there by 7 PM.  Wear comfy shoes because there's lots of walking involved!
I don't think you can call it a "show"...it's more of an experience! It just teases and plays with all of your senses! JUST GO. Not only did I love the show but I even got to dance with the host, Maximilian, when I returned to the bar room on my own. He's such a jolly chap! Important tips: * You are going to be wearing a mask so wear contacts. * Check in all your stuff - only $3. * Wear comfortable shoes - seriously. The floors are not always even and it's dark so ladies, wearing stilettos (I did see some women in them) is just not a good idea! * You might experience this on your own - fortune favors the bold. Even though I did come with a date, we walked around separately. We could've gone in together but I think this calls for you to experience it on your own. We did bump into each other several times but we kept doing our own thing. * When you are done, go back to the bar, grab a drink (their French Absinthe drink is amazing - $10) and enjoy the music. Josephine Grange is an amazing singer! ENJOY!
"Sleep no more," how about, "for the next 3 hours, you will not know what the hell is going on...and you'll see things beyond imagination." My experience will differ from yours.  Since, the show is designed that way, you are at the mercy of your own imagination and curiosity.  When you first arrive, you start off in the lobby area, where they hand you a playing card.  Whichever number you receive is the "group," that you will venture off with.  As you enter the elevators, you are asked to put on a white mask that you are not allowed to take off.  Eerie!  As soon as the elevator doors opens, you are basically on your own.  You're not allowed to speak or ask questions...it's numbingly terrifying.  The entire hotel is dark and as you walk around, peeking inside rooms, you run into others...or you see others chasing a character screaming down the hallway.  I literally wanted to pee my pants.  After about 40 minutes of just walking up and down the hotel, trying to take it in, you slowly start to realize that there are characters and a storyline and as the audience members, you're trying your best to piece it all together.   It's beyond creepy because as the actors are slowly and dramatically (without speaking) acting, and as part of the interactive nature of the show, you're part of the scene, fully masked with others just staring at them.  So weird. However, because there are several scenes going on at the same time, it's impossible to catch all the actors...and it's only after you leave the show that you're able to converse with your friends and try to make sense of it all. Before attending the show...I was told, it's about Macbeth.  Uhm, yeah, more like bloody, erotic, sexual, overthetop Macbeth.  I've read Macbeth and aside from this one table scene, there was nothing Macbeth about the show.  The best way I can explain it...I felt like Tom Cruise in "Eyes Wide Shut," when he enters the ballroom scene and his mind is completely blown by what he sees and experiences.   I highly recommend the show, you will forever be changed.
This was a really unique, interesting experience and the set is flawlessly designed.  If you're looking for a show that is more involved than the typical sit-in-your-seat-and-watch-a-stage kind and a bit different, then Sleep No More is definitely for you. The show is meant to be an individual experience and a deliberate one at that, so my best advice is to stray from your party, wander where you wish, and if you see a dark hallway or a closed door, try to explore it.  It's meant to be mysterious and seductive.  I've only done this one time but experienced two private scenes -- one with a small group and the other was a one-on-one scene.  Follow the actors as you wish, until you get bored or catch sight of something else.  You'll have time to piece together the whole show from the fragments you see and realize, rather quickly, how the series of events unfolds.  And hey, afterwards you can catch a drink and have just as much fun discussing with your friends what you each experienced by comparing notes.
If I could give Sleep No More 100 stars I would.  I'm about to go back for my 3rd time, and am still as giddy as the first!  So many of the reviewers on here have been spot on about the environment and how to enjoy it, I'm not going to repeat all of it.  But based on my last 2 experiences, I'll give you a rundown of what NOT to do. 1.  Don't go in expecting a linear plot.  It's a movement/dance performance, done as vignettes.  If you try to follow an easy-to-understand linear story, you'll be disappointed. 2.  Don't cling to your friend or significant other all night.  You're not allowed to talk, and you're wearing masks, so there's no way to communicate and you'll get frustrated.  If you talk even in a whisper, you will ruin the atmosphere and piss off the people around you.  So take off by yourself and share details at the bar at the end of the night. 3.  Similar to #2 -- if you insist on being with your S.O., for gods' sake don't walk around holding hands.  There are people running to keep up with the performers, don't block half the hallway. 4.  If a scene is going on and there's a big audience circled around watching them, don't walk right up to the characters and try to interact with them/see up close what they're writing on a piece of paper/etc.  That's really douchey.  The guests are there to see the performers, not you.  A room full of people don't need to watch you walk right up to the bathtub where Macbeth is bathing and get distracted by you leaning in to the scene. 5.  Don't leave until the end.  Visit #1, I made the mistake of thinking "it's 9:30 and I've seen so much, I'll call it a night".   When I found out thee's stuff that goes down specifically between 9:30 and 10, I had to buy another ticket to experience it. 6.  Don't drink the absinthe punch at the bar unless you loooove absinthe.  *gag* 7.  Don't get there right before your entrance time, as you'll miss a lot of fun.  It'll take you at last 5 minutes to check your bag and check in to the "hotel", and the bar where you start out is a lot of fun and sets the mood.  If your start time is 7:15, get there before the doors open at 6:45.
My husband purchased tickets for this "experience" for the night it was hosted by NPH. I was super excited about it until I made the mistake of checking out the "Sleep No More" website the night before. Then I freaked out. I was honestly kind of scared to go after reading how dark, bloody, and morbid it is and the fact that you might be separated from your party. But alas I went along with my husband and friends after making him promise not to leave me at any point. Walking in to the venue, you are told to check in your belongings including your phone, otherwise they will ask you to leave if you are caught using your phone during the show. We then got to enjoy a cocktail hour in a speakeasy-esque bar area. It was a nice, intimate setting which allowed us to socialize with NPH (who was already in character) for a bit. We were then called by groups according to the card you were given upon check-in. My husband and I then joined our group in the elevator which was being led by a creepyass male character. He instructed us that we are to keep our masks on at all times and we are to speak at any point. He then said something along the lines of: "When you stop speaking your other senses are heightened." Upon exiting the elevator, we stepped into a different world. There is no way I can accurately describe the "sets" so I won't. I will just say that they are impeccably beautiful. The amount of detail is incredible, particularly in the smaller rooms. Yes, it is dark but I felt like my eyes eventually adjusted. And then I remembered what the creepy dude in the elevator said about our senses because after awhile I completely loss the desire to speak since my eyes and ears were taking in so much. As a matter of fact, I got so sucked in to certain characters that I didn't mind losing my husband for a little while. Oh, and the jazzy "after party" was totally cool. Overall, an original, fun, and entertaining experience. Totally worth it!
Adventurers BEWARE!  This is not a play or experience for the feint of hearted.  If you enjoy crowds of people (mostly tourists) pushing you over to get a better view of the show and then chasing performers every which way in a confusing maze with no explanation, you will have a blast. But... First things first: the Actor's, Music, Concept, Dancers, Props, and Sets are all fantastic.  They have put a lot of hard work and effort into making this an incredible artistic experience. Now for my complaints. You almost have to do some research before attending this show.  You can't go in blind.  If you do your experience will feel faulted, you'll feel as though maybe your money wasn't as well spent as it could have been just because of your lack of information. The performers that prep you before you enter the "McKittrick Hotel" do not let you know how many floors there actually are in this maze of performances.  You are taken on an elevator upwards and are left to wonder if you continue going up, or if you need to travel down. Had I known that each floor was following the different ACTS of Shakespeare's Macbeth I probably would have remained on the first floor I was dropped off on for a longer period of time.   The performers who prepare you for your journey suggest that you quietly wander throughout the "hotel" at your own whim and let your fancy take you where you will, calmly.  But there is nothing calm at all about witnessing Sleep No More.  I was surrounded by crowds of foreigner's desperate to get every ounce of experience possible from the production and therefore racing around like maniacs trying to see every single part of the show. Watching Sleep No More is like going on vacation.  Let's say I go to Paris France to visit the Louvre.  It's most likely the only time I'll ever see this museum, so instead of quietly taking in each piece of art for multiple minutes at a time, I'll find myself rushing throughout the museum trying to get a quick glance of everything so that I can say, "I saw it all."  THIS is the feeling you get while watching Sleep No More. Honestly the owners have become money hungry.  I bought a ticket to check in and see the show at 8pm.  I got in line for the check in at 7:30, and I wasn't even in the bar waiting room until 8:15.  Once I got there i discover that even though I bought earlier than the final round of check in tickets, I was given in a check in card for one of the last groups of people allowed to enter the event.  Basically they sold too many tickets and then allowed people to show up whenever they please, instead of when they were SUPPOSED to arrive.  Instead of getting two and a half hours of time in the "Hotel" I got a little less than two hours in a crowded space fill with rude tourists toppling over everyone else trying to "see it all."   After the show was over the staff members attempt to sell you a 60 page book describing everything that you just saw, the cast, the acts, the scenes, the floors and their meanings.  I feel that I should have gotten a small program that gave just a slight explanation of what I was about to see while I waited for 40 minutes in the bar until I could enter the production. I know I know, some people would say that would ruin the experience, and I like the idea of going somewhere and discovering things for the first time, don't get me wrong.  But because there were literally hundreds of people crowding every space, I couldn't even watch enough of the show to assess what was happening so that I could make discoveries for myself. In short, if you are ready to fight and claw, tooth and nail to the front of every group, to literally run up multiple flights of stairs with many other people chasing an actor who might just lay down and sleep in a bed for a little while, this is the perfect show for you.   I loved the production, and I loved the performers.  I really think that if they chose to sell about two hundred less tickets I would have thoroughly enjoyed myself a whole lot more.  And considering the tickets are 80 bucks a pop, they should be able to make a few sacrifices and lessen the crowds for their paying patrons.
Here's the nitty gritty: - Book an early time: Each "play" runs for about an hour and it loops over and over until the grand finale. An early reservation assures you can follow a few of the cast members as well as have time to explore by yourself. - Review your MacBeth: There is no real dialogue so you have to know the gist of what's going on. - Follow MacBeth or Lady MacBeth: Most action, most scenes, most excitement. - Check your coat: You will be running at times. - Go with the show: Play along with the actors. Sometimes you are asked to be involved in scenes, don't be timid about it and just go with the flow. The whole immersion play theme is a must to experience. I can't necessarily say it's a date place since the audience is very quiet and respectable (plus!), but it is a good experience to check off your bucket list.
The best part about the show is the uniqueness of the experience.  It's theater as you haven't seen it before and well worth the opportunity.   That said, you must immerse yourself in the show to get something out of it.  If you arent willing to do so then you might want to not bother.
An absolute MUST DO for anyone in or around NYC. This was seriously amazing and I honestly can't tell you anymore other than you should just go. I was terrified prior to the show and even probably the first 30 minutes while inside the McKittrick Hotel until I figured out what everything was about and got used to the set. At first, I just couldn't figure out where all the characters were so I just wandered around and explored the rooms. Until I stumbled upon Macbeth. I didn't follow anyone character for VERY long but tried to follow a character until they took me to another and then I'd follow that character. I just felt like so much was going on, and there were so many different things happening at once so I tried to see it all. The story does repeat itself so this allows you to explore different things the second time around. So if you find yourself seeing the same scene, I'd recommend running down to a different level and looking for another character. Characters will also unlock rooms and lead you to places you wouldn't have found without them. There is one really important thing that you must do. Follow Macbeth as he darts from the bathroom scene. Trust me. Stay close to characters because they will interact with you. Lastly, go at the first time available, which will only give you three hours to explore the whole thing. I literally saw something new all the time so don't leave early!
OMG~~~ I had no clue there was a Yelp page for this!!! So sad I wasn't aware of this since the reviews might have helped me out in my experience. I went on a Thursday night at 8pm and these are my advices to all: 1.  Do not worry about sticking with your friends.  The best thing to do is to split up entirely as you and your friends can re-group after the show to go over what everyone saw. 2.  Wear comfortable shoes.  You will be running around and up-down stairs A LOT. 3.  Very suggested if you're able to:  Read MacBeth if you have not done so.  Cliff-notes can also be used to refresh your knowledge on the story. 4.  Eat before the event.  You do not want to be running around on a hungry stomach.
Sleep No More is like a legal mind-altering substance. And just as addictive - I've gone three times and still crave more. The best experience of my life.
Amazing. Such an experience like no other. Wear something comfortable, shoes and clothing. DO NOT READ spoliers. And shame on those that write them. Just experience it. I promise its worth the money if your open minded and love theater and don't mind crowds. I can't wait to do it again.
To start, and without giving anything away, I will say this: go with an open mind. A *very* open mind. If you are easily offended by things like nudity & a little faux violence, don't even bother...I'm sure there's yet another Disney production going on about 15 blocks north on Broadway that you can go see instead. I'm not sure how to even begin describing Sleep No More. It's...unique. And I mean that in the best possible sense. It really was like nothing else I have ever experienced. I went into it not really sure what to expect. Was it going to be pretentious and overwrought? Was it going to be boring and a waste of money? It's really none of these things, thankfully. A few tips: Explore. My boyfriend and I were split up almost immediately upon entering. (I was singled out and left on a floor all by myself...which was...scary & exciting all at the same time!) After that, we only ran into each other maybe a handful of times. You'll want to wander around on your own and compare notes later, to be honest. It's fun. Don't be shy. Open up drawers, look over an actor's shoulder as he is writing a note, help yourself to some candy in the candy shop...just experience everything! The set design and overall atmosphere is amazing, so take it all in. Finally, don't be a d-bag. As mentioned above, yes, there is nudity. Yes, you will see boobs and penis. It's just human anatomy and you are an adult, so really...no giggling or pointing. Don't be "that" guy or girl. Anyway -- I really want to go see this again before it closes, if I can manage it. Lots of fun and a great mind eff for a few hours.
One more piece of advice on top of the "bring comfortable shoes" comments, bring a handkerchief of some sort. The plastic masks they give you are friggin hot, and your face will sweat heavily under them. Now as for the show, I went last Saturday and I had a really enjoyable time. I was a bit worried at first as I wondered if I'd need to be one of those artsy hipster kind of people to understand the show, but basically if you've ever read Macbeth (or even the cliffs notes version like I did) you'll be able to piece together this modern version of the show. I did get a one on one interaction with lady Macbeth, although I didn't know who she was at the time, since it was right at the begining. She was walking down the hall without anyone following her, so I decided to follow alone. After 10 feet she stopped turned to me and whispered something I couldn't understand into my ear. She then handed me a hearth pendant on a metal chain, and then collapsed on the floor. After a few moments, of whispering to herself, she reached out a hand asking to be helped up. She then held out her hand for the necklace, (Indian giver) grabbed it from me, and then stumbled away. All in all pretty odd, but it was something unique I guess.  As for the choreography, all I can say is wow!!! They must have spent a fortune, because it looked amazing. They obviously put a lot of work into this to make sure each floor really puts you in a setting that makes you believe. When you first arrive you go through some really dark corridors that will lead you to a vintage looking bar. It is a strange and dark bar, that really starts to mood. They have really great singers in the bar, and it's a great place to grab a drink and relax when you want to take a break. The last thing I'll say is that there is obviously some kind of weird game or scavenger hunt going on that people are now involved in. You can basically touch anything in the rooms, which is actually enjoyable here and there. But you have some people who will come into the room you in and just start lifting up and opening everything almost fanatically, as they look for...something. it actually became kind of annoying after a while, as these people almost got into a frenzy as they played detective, and they kind of disrupt your mood as you try and stay involved in the atmosphere. All in all, as i mentioned, a good show. 3 hours went by pretty quickly, and the discussions you'll have with your friends afterwards will piece together anything you missed. Go check it out. Most of you won't be dissapointed!!
Following an amazing dinner at Salinas we walked several blocks down to the McKittrick Hotel, home of the Punchdrunk's Sleep No More. As the "hotel" is located in a giant warehouse with a tiny unassuming sign, it's easy to miss it, except for the giant bouncers guarding its doors. We walked through the building, down many dark hallways until the room opened up into a beautiful intimate speakeasy cloaked in red velvet. Waiting to enter this fictional world, we were given white masks with the instructions that after passing through the elevator we were to remain silent at all times, speaking breaks could be taken but only by finding yourself back to the bar area for which we started. The elevator operator explained that this journey was best explored as a singular experience and then snatched a woman from her boyfriend and tossed her out of the elevator at our first stop. About to close the door and head further downward, the woman pleaded nervously "not now" latched back onto her man's arm, as another brave volunteer took her place. Once we were in we could freely roam around 5 hauntingly decorated floors, allowing us to fulfill our voyeristic fantasies by following actors (the only people who didn't have masks on) around as they sung, danced, fought, and murdered around us. You can touch all the props and sit wherever you like, and the actors will work around you. This immersive show was unlike any experience I've had the joy of partaking in. Won't go into any spoiler details, but when we finally came out for air it was already 2am. We gabbed over yummy drinks about our experiences, as a beautiful soul performed a delicious jazzy rendition of Ducktales. My friend Brian would keep repeating over and over into the night "Boobies!" *sigh* After another round of drinks, another fantastic band came on where the lead singer was so passionate about the music that he appeared to be showing us his vinegar strokes as he got into it. While I wanted to stay for the music, that face and the fatigue reiterated that it was already 3:30am and we needed to head back to the hotel. Since we all had different experiences, I felt like I missed out on a lot of the subtle nuances of the scenes. Would absolutely go back.
A unique fully immersive fun theater experience. It lasts about three or more hours with sections of the play cut in pieces through multiple floors and levels. It's like a multiple player online game but live. The show is a cross between films by David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick, and Guy Maddin. The set design, props, and costuming is really well done. The overall atmosphere is great with the enhancement of synchronized music and even smells in certain areas. A lot of people attend Sleep No More numerous times. My wife and I went to it twice and the second time some of the events were a repeat to us. The earlier you reserve your time the better. Wear comfortable shoes since you will do a lot of walking, there is a mandatory purse & coat check $3 each, you can't speak at all during the night so do all your talking ahead of time, you wear a mask the entire time so don't wear heavy makeup, if you wear 1920's themed clothing you might fit in better than in 21st century clothing. Expect to be separated from your party at least at some point during the evening.
SO GOOD!!!! Definitely go and engage with people. You never know what may happen!
ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE.  Without giving away spoilers, I'd recommend making a reservation at The Heath for dinner before.  It is a one-of-a-kind experience!  I love that everyone is in character.  Next time I will dress up to play along a bit more with the theme.  I dropped the ball on that one! :)
For sure you will see nothing like this... I hate to say its like a haunted house because it has nothing to do with Halloween but it kind of has that element to it, but times 100 on crack! Very good detail to everything you walk through which draws you into the play more and more (Kudos to the production) You will be finding/walking past/following actors throughout the play but try to take in as much as you can, as I missed a couple scenes and I hear that's a common thing... oh, and there are audience members who get really involved into the play and will tap or bump you out the way, so literally, be on your toes... A little crowded yes, but what to you expect when there is a new attraction to town Like I said when you follow (some) actors,  they will run through rooms and maybe upstairs, so this will test your physical endurance lol I've seen some low rated reviews for SLEEP NO MORE here on YELP and I'm like really? Are you that stuck up? You will enjoy your time if you go with an open mind and try see as much as you can
Go with friends. Get a cocktail. Ditch friends. Explore and experience. Find the secret candy room. Follow the screams. Embrace the nudity. 5 stars and I can tell you no more.
A beautiful, dark obsession. Go once and think about it forever. So well done. So absolutely beautifully carried out
OK OK.. so I've read some of the reviews and I semi agree. Firstly, the whole experience is cool, if not a little cloak and dagger. I turned up knowing nothing about this show (my bad) and you don't get told anything either. I think you really needed to do some reading to be honest and if you want the full experience of the play, you need to follow the actors. I went rogue with my friend and we just went exploring, coming across little performances every now and again. I don't think we really got the point of the show, but we did manage to stay in the 'Hotel' for nearly 3 hours. The whole thing, as shows go is a new sensory experience and I would recommend it wholeheartedly. Not sure I would like to do it alone though or be split up.. that would have been a bit dull for me personally. However, I've read that some people liked that. I agree, it is a bit pricey, I suppose, but it is a whole evening of fun and laughs and weirdness !! We got there for the 7.30 showing, which I think was perfect. The later u get there the less time u have to look around as they start shutting down the floors. Give it a go... you'll have a lot to talk about for the next few days at the very least. Tip: Avoid black clothing, it's really dark in there and if you want to stick with someone u know, wear a bright top so they can spot u. You'll thank me for that one.
did you ever want to be a new york city rat? well, if you go to Sleep No More, your experience can be something like the life of the lowly city dweller. i LOVED SNM and have discovered some parallels about the physical activities going on inside this former-warehouses-now-a-set. here are a few bullet points about what activities you'll be doing: SCURRYING you'll be rushing around some high traffic areas. be careful as you're running fast as you may run into something. best to keep close to the walls when you're moving from one place to another. also, when you see a group of other masked fellows, you might want to follow them because they might be on to some big cheese. GULPING when i first was brought to the bar, i was enticed to taste some absinthe. seconds after i bought the drink, someone squealed out that we must leave the bar immediately. i drank some of the liquid in my greedy haste and ran off with dribbling down my chin. STEALING props are beautiful and set out in a natural manner. i heard stories about other people taking things. i didn't, but you can imagine what's going on here. AVOIDING PEOPLE CONTACT i stood and watched the dancing scene in the woods. my mind drifted off and i thought of myself as a fantastic cinderella. this pleasant thought was abruptly interrupted when the fake pregnant woman fell backwards all over me, giving me a bruise. i then stood at least four feet away from the actors. my boyfriend was also shoved off a box at the bar area. stay away from the actors. but really, this event was very cool. i highly recommend all of my friends to go. visually stunning.
**No spoilers I promise Can I give this 10 stars please? It has been several months since I've seen the show and I'm still raving about it to all of my friends. I honestly don't think I can see another show the same again after seeing this masterpiece. Like some other reviewers, I went to read up about this show. It definitely isn't necessary but it helped eased my worrisome personality. The only thing that was helpful was refreshing your high school memory of MacBeth. I cannot stress enough how special this show is to experience. Anytime anyone goes to NYC, I will definitely recommend this experience. I heard rumors they were coming to Los Angeles (maybe it was from someone who didn't know what they were talking about) and I truly hope it is true. It is so worth the money. PLEASE go! It will be one of the highlights of your year. Just go okay! Thanks!
With this review, I don't even know where to begin. Just like the show, I don't even know where the beginning was. However, I did do an array of seeing, touching, smelling, tasting and listening. When I first entered, I got scared because I wasn't able to see anything. Yes, I'm those squeamish types and I stood in the door way and didn't move until my friend came to my rescue. Oh and wear sneakers, don't be like me wearing flip flops. I'm surprised my flip flops were still in one piece after the show! I came with someone, but we were separated. It's okay to be separated and yes this is coming from squeamish me. I was a little anxious and a bit scared because I don't like to be in the dark and lost. But it was okay because it's something to experience on your own. With this interactive show, you will feel that you're actually part of it in a sense. Especially, that everyone is wearing a mask and you wonder who they are and what's their story behind these masks. Throughout the show I felt very alone even though there were so many other masked-beings wandering around aimlessly, just like I was. I was exploring and discovering things, but I'm not sure what my purpose or reason was. There were many times that I felt confused and lost, but at the same time I was curious to enter every dimension. A lot of times I go in circles because I got lost over and over again. Sometimes I felt like I was in a dream - a dream so real that it's indescribable. There were times that I was cold and sometimes I felt hot - it's like nervousness and anxiety on and off at the same time. Although I was lost both mentally and physically most of the time, I knew for a fact that I was tired. I was so tired that I sat down at random places to rest. The show or the parts that I got to see were interesting. There were nudity and like my friend had put it "sex in clothes". There were so many things happening at all times, just like life. I know this show was based on Macbeth, but I felt this show was to let yourself go and rediscover what you already know and discover the things you don't. Step out of your comfort zone and just live and learn. Oh by the way, while others were taking objects from different rooms, I stole candy from the candy shop. Not sure how old those candies were, but it didn't kill me.
Truely awesome experience just go!!
Pretty Cool! So confusing... It has a mysterious and a cool vibe. I am pretty easily spooked so when I just got there and started walking around without any particular purpose, I got scared and bored (if you can have those emotions at the same time?). But then you start following actors and try to figure out what's going on. Hm, let's just say you'll see pretty bizarre things!! The two hours I spent running around there flew by! Make sure you wear comfy shoes and go check out gallow green rooftop after (same building).
Just a fun evening.  This is sort of a cross between haunted house set up, dance recital and play.   I love the masks you wear.  You get a very cool voyeuristic feel like you can get closer to the actor than social norms would dictate.  I felt I was part of the dead spirits haunting the venue; watching the actions of the living, but not being fully capable of knowing everything or hearing things said. I got one of the firsts "one-on-one" scenes because I was last on the elevator. Spoiler -- last in the room in front of the elevator or the elevator- you become the lucky last. At the end of the night, you end up in the bar area where you started.  The night I was there, there was a soultry 40s jazz classics band with a great singer.  Then a more modern, artsy band came on while everyone sat around. Don't forget to steal some candy from the candy store, be careful of the witches. Edit: Went a 2nd time, the strategy of "follow" strategy works better for story telling but you should switch characters cause its really tough to follow the leads.  One of the lead actresses (not Lady Mcbeth) took me for a scene in front of everyone, calling me "My King" and kissed my hand.  Incredible.  Went to the rooftop bar next door -- which has an incredible view of the NYC, but it was really too cold to be there.
Difficult to get close to the cast and follow the story when there are too many people running around.
Seen it twice. Amazing interactive experience. Sexy, fun and fascinating!
I've now been to Sleep No More twice. Once a couple years back and again a couple weeks ago. I don't want to say too much, especially for those who haven't been. If you plan to go, go on a weekday and get the earliest ticket/time. Reason? Weekday is less crowded and if you go to the 7 am start, you get to see the show 3 times (they start over every hour). The ticket is more expensive, but it's worth it. You can do as you please, see what you want, hear what you want, touch what you want. But, just remember no talking. If you go with your friends, be prepared to go alone around the hotel. You see more alone, you can do more alone. Don't be frightened...it will be more fun.
some things....wear comfy shoes and non theatre close...anything else(I wear glasses and the mask was fine), (I stayed with my family_) is fine.  Do it the way you want
"A dreamer, I walked enchanted, and nothing held me back." ― Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca Left sleepless left speechless left breathless...  can't stop thinking about it! It's rare that I'm all *like this* after a theater performance. As in, so rare, I can remember the times: Year of Magical Thinking starring Vanessa Redgrave and Gypsy starring the one and only Bernadette Peters. OK, maybe Jude Law in Hamlet. These people all ruled the stage and you know how suddenly you just get that you're witnessing greatness. Genius. Holy crap lucky me. This is really happening! And now I have Sleep No More. It's different, though. But it doesn't contain a single stage phenom. And unless you arrive with an mind open to experiencing something rather experimental, you might leave disappointed instead. Would it qualify as "theater" to many of those people who suffer the heat on the TKTS line? Who cares? I won't tell you that you shouldn't bring your mom here, though if your mom isn't into climbing stairs and wandering through dark musty rooms, some with sawdust or gravel floors, while wearing a mask... avoid bringing her. For me, it was all about the sets. I was so hungry for this experience. I walked around each and every room, especially the empty ones, reads all the notes, stared at the dusty, seemingly ancient props. Read the writing on the wall. Sought out the empty rooms. I wanted it all. I was even able to suffer the mask (I have a bit of a mask phobia, I can't lie. Damn that Little House on the Prairie rape episode). I didn't brush up on my Macbeth. I didn't brush up on my Rebecca, either and I'll be perfectly honest and say that I truly had not a clue what the hell was going on throughout the entire 2 hours I was there. I just absorbed as much as I could. Watched as much as I could. Felt as much as I could. My senses were on goddamn fire, baby. Other little pluses: I loved that I made sure to be alone throughout and I suggest you do the same. And beautiful, stunning silence (except for music). NO CELL PHONES. No meaningless chatter. No annoying people walking around texting Tweeting, Facebooking, Instagramming or, gasp, YELPING (yes, this is all too often, yours, truly). I couldn't help but watch people revert back to what we all once all were: active observers with a decent attention span. BUT also you're wondering, did any of this actually *happen*? Was it a mirage? A deliciously creepy mirage. Holy fuck, I'm floored. I cannot wait to return for another sleepless, speechless, breathless night.
If you are ADHD, or the fidgety types that can't sit through musicals, movies, operas, etc. then Sleep No More is for you!  If you're also the nosey/curious types that have seen so many shows and just got so curious about the props and setting, then Sleep No More is for you. I have to admit it was so great I went 2 times with different group of friends.  One of the reasons why I went again was because I totally missed the finale the first time ha! Long story. You wear a white mask, you get separated from your friends, you're a bit tipsy from the drinks you had at the bar, and you are asked to not speak.  You get to explore a whole bunch of floors and you watch different scenes from Macbeth (i.e. a rave orgy scene) and it feels like you're in a Hitchcock film.  The best part is you are encouraged to touch and look through everything (bed sheets, drawers, hospital beds, hair samples, etc)! Its in Chelsea near the high-line. Its great.  Go check it out yourself. You get to keep the creepy white mask. HAHA!
A must see and experience! Sleep No More literally keeps you on your toes and in suspense. Go with a group, so that everyone's unique experience will help put the pieces of puzzle (show) together. And forget about going in heels, chasing the characters to room to room is too much fun to pass up.
Let me start by saying that I came prepared to enjoy myself, and I did. The actors/dancers were fantastic, the sets were well done. That said, maybe I hyped it up too much in my head but I came ready to explore and found very little out of the ordinary. They say the more you explore the more you find. I didn't find that much you couldn't see just walking around casually. I also found it somewhat distracting to have so many people in hordes following characters (I came mid week as suggested to cut down on crowdedness); I will say the masks are ingenious and helped a lot. It's a very unique experience and I'm glad I did it. I'm not sure it was worth 80 bucks though. PS: I walked into a dark curtained area and found two guests randomly making out. I bet it happens all the time but I was so confused I just stood there while my eyes adjusted because I assumed they had to be actors. Bonus points, Mckittrick. Bonus points
A FANTASTIC EXPERIENCE IN EVERY SENSE. I want to start by saying that I disagree with a lot reviews in that you do not need to know Macbeth to enjoy this show. If you are a traditional type, go see Chicago or Lion King and you will be a lot happier in the end. If you are type to seek new experiences.... SEE THIS SHOW NOW! My fiancé and I went with another couple, and all 4 of us had very different experiences and saw different things. Here's my advice: - have a drink at the bar at the end of the show because it's likely you will be called right away and you can't take your drink with you. - do not attempt to stay with anyone you came with - do not "dress up" for this...wear comfortable shoes and clothes - stick close to actors, if a bunch of people are following one, chose another and they will interact with you and show you incredible things. P.S. If you are annoyed by walking (you shouldn't live in NY) or see this show. P.P.S. Take note where some negative reviews are coming from...one user who did not "get" the show lists "white chicks" as his favorite movie...haha, I'm  really shocked that he didn't enjoy this experience! :)
This show was such a blast. Even though friends and Yelpers had indicated it wasn't scary -- just eerie -- I was terrified going in (not a big fan of haunted houses and such). But once I got the hang of things, I never wanted to leave! Went with the boyfriend, and we decided to separate, which was definitely the right call. There's not too much to say without giving things away, but I think it's somewhat important to find characters to follow -- otherwise you're kind of left wandering the sets (which are really impressive) and not learning much about the "story." I tried to balance following major characters and doing some wandering/exploring on my own, where I'd often come upon more minor characters doing cool things. Following the major characters was probably more dramatic and added more to the plot, but it could get slightly annoying, too -- there were several attendees who were not afraid to get pushy when trying to follow their favorites, and it just felt like following the herd after a while. Same advice as the rest of the reviewers on here, too: wear comfortable shoes, try not to bring a jacket or purse so you're not stuck checking anything, and just have an open mind. We didn't end up hanging out in the bar afterward, which I did regret slightly -- seems like it'd be a cool place to have an absinthe cocktail and hear some jazz. All in all, it's really well done and the actors are definitely giving 100 percent. I'd totally go again.
I was super excited to see this show last night. Sadly, I left gravely disappointed. We booked tickets to cap a night out, thinking it would be this amazing experience to share together. That,  however, was not the case. We were purposely separated upon entrance, and spent the first 90 minutes of a 3-hour show trying to find one another. You can't text or talk,  which is fine - - I get it, you have rules - - but I didn't spend 200 dollars to NOT be with my boyfriend. The whole point of going is to see this amazing spectacle, which is aesthetically powerful and beautiful in its darkness. But, I was distracted from its wonder and from deciphering the complicated storylines by trying to locate my significant other in a dark maze filled with dozens of masked rude people. When I pulled out my phone to text him, people in black masks would come out of the shadows and scold me. They did the same when I lifted up my mask, which I needed to do. I really needed some air! Additionally, there was no instruction on how to start or even follow the story. If you've never seen Macbeth, you're just walking around thinking, what the hell is going on here. Even if you have seen Macbeth, you're just walking around thinking, what the hell is going on here. I get that it's supposed to be interpretive and that each person's experience is individualistic and unique, but even some vague guidance would have exponentially enhanced the experience. I thought it was odd that a guidebook was offered for sale upon exit. $20 for a book that will help me make sense of what I just saw. Don't you think that would have been more helpful BEFORE the show? I guess they want repeat business. That's unlikely. I would 100% appreciate my money back.
This is hands down one of the most amazing performance/entertainment/arts experiences I've ever had. I'll be quick.  For the person who wants a discernible, clear narrative and gets upset or angry if they "miss" plot points (I feel some of the reviews express that frustration), this is likely not for you.   If you are, however, fascinated with the moment and can enjoy the acts as vignettes that do, if you're willing to watch and and connect the dots, come together, you'll love this.  It felt like one part theater, one part adventure game and one part general event experience.  This is not a piece that is clear or makes a point of helping you understand what is going on.  It's more like a dream, and I, for one, REALLY appreciate it.  It's something you can return to over and over again and see from various different angles.  I think it puts regular theater to shame in this respect and causes you to be a kinetic member of the show instead of a passive attendee. It was really unlike anything I've ever done.  I think Punchdrunk has stumbled upon an entirely new form of narrative performance.  I'd love to see other stories and ideas executed in this way. And I'd suggest this to ANYONE. (On a note, to the person who felt the soundtrack was "scary sounds during Halloween" it was actually pieces taken from various Hitchcock movies.  Watch a few and you'll probably start to understand a bit better why they chose what they did.)
One of the best experiences, EVER. I don't want to give away too much so that is all I will say, Everyone needs to go!!
Three quick tips: 1. Follow MacBeth. 2. Get the closest to all the characters, because many of them will invite the one that sticks to them for a 1-1 performance. 3. Many people suggest to start from the top floor. Upon entering the hotel, there's a long, thrilling, way to get to the check-in kiosk. I turned on my phone for lighting but it was not allowed by the staff. :( Overall, it was a WONDERFUL experience. Read MacBeth in Wikipedia before you go if you are not familiar with the storyline.
Looooved this!!! Things that would be nice if they changed - masks for people with flat noses.....hey sleep no more, not everyone has a pointy nose! I was dying with that mask on my face! - hankercheifs for the sweat that you will inevitably get...it gets hot!! For those that don't know Macbeth, read up on it, or watch a play or something, it was really close to the story. Otherwise, it's great. Go on a weekday, start early and don't leave until everyone else leaves. It was great. I just studied Macbeth, so I got every character and all the symbolism, I was in heaven!!!
I went to the NYE show with three of my girlfriends, and had the best night ever. The show is completely weird, eery, sexual, and genius. The actors/dancers are incredible, and kept me enthralled for the entire 3 hour show. Running around from floor to floor, chasing the characters, getting tossed aside when you are in the way--all of it is part of the experience. Can't recommend this show enough!!
WHICH ONE IS MACBETH!? Sleep No More left me confused for the first 30 minutes running all over the place, getting lost in random rooms, following random people. eating random candy, almost getting a random seizure, grabbing a random hand that wasn't my girlfriend's.. but it was all worth it in the end. If you'e familiar with Shakespeare's Macbeth then you'd be able to relate to what was going on through this play.  It instills fear, excitement, sorrow, and suspense for the audience.  What I loved about it was that you're able to follow who you want, wherever you want.  Each performer had their own story and they each owned it.  They were STUPENDOUS, and I never use that word. Tip: There is a lot going on simultaneously and you may miss many things in the play. But the play repeats itself several times so make sure you make the most of your money and go back and start interacting with other performers! Yes you are allowed to touch all the props! It does get hot, so make sure you pace yourself.. I believe you may leave for a little refreshment and re-join the play. Bonus: You're able to keep your punch card and mask at the end of the play as souvenirs.
Go!!! This is your chance to have an amazing lucid dream. Sleep No More was definitely one of the coolest experiences I have paid for in my life, and one of the best experiences to be had at this moment in NYC. SNM is choose your own adventure theater - you choose which characters to follow as they enact a powerful version of Macbeth. You may watch two men acrobatically fighting within the confines of a phone booth - crawling over each other, up the walls. Surreal dance numbers, intricate, slow motion dramas, and so much more unfold right in front of you - inches away. The venue itself is amazing - 4 stories decked out as a 1920s hotel, a hospital, an apothecary, a library, and many more painstakingly created sets that you can touch and explore to your heart's content.   The actors are phenomenal, and you will wish you had time to follow every one. They never break character, and will have you running up stairs to watch them play their roles with deft precision. I took my friends; I recommended it to my in laws - all of us were blown away. ***While you are putting this in your agenda, make sure to get a reservation at a bar or restaurant for after to talk through the experience with your friends, compare notes, and bring all the pieces together. ***If the surreal is not for you, read a summary of Macbeth before you go to have the satisfaction of knowing who's who and watching all the threads come together.
Amazing show and such a unique experience. If you live here or are just passing through, this is a must see show.
There's not a lot to say about Sleep No More that other people before me haven't already said, so let me chime in: this is the best interactive production I've ever been to, and it's a must for anyone who's interested in Shakespeare's Macbeth, theatre, or a unique spine-tingling experience. Sure, the constant running around after people gets tiring, the crowds can get thick, and before you know it you've walked a LOT -- but the actors have their scenes impeccably timed to sync with each other, each room is worth exploring through, and the thrills, eep! Wear comfortable shoes. If you're coming to the show with a partner, like I did, expect to be separated. Hell, my boyfriend and I spent the entire night apart and we preferred it that way, so we could compare notes at the end of the evening. Stick with the mask, don't talk or snap pictures on your phone, and just enjoy everything that's happening around you. Avoid the touristy campy musicals and check out Sleep No More, it's about the same price but an experience you won't forget in a lifetime.
LOVE Sleep No More.  I have to go back again and again and again, there is so much to see I definitely missed things despite my best try at catching everything.  Here are a few recommendations: 1.  This is NOT scary, it is intriguing.  I hate being scared and haunted houses, so was very apprehensive about going to this, but thought if it was too much I could always just wait in the bar - so glad I did because it was such an interesting way to see a play and be a part of it.  And I was never scared. 2. Get there early and spend as much time as you can checking out everything. 3. Do it alone.  Even if you go with a group don't try to stay together, go to what interests you and try and follow one character for the whole show; it's hard but try.   4.  Don't be scared if one of the cast members touches you and makes you a part of a scene, you'll get to see some pretty cool stuff that you wouldn't have seen otherwise. 5. GO!!  Don't miss it!!
Oh my Oh my Oh my! I must agree with fellow reviewers: DO IT! Don't research all over the place. Let the surprise of the experience be part of the enjoyment. We went for my birthday, and I was overwhelmed by the entire piece. Going in, I knew the following (which I will pass along to you, dear Yelpers) 1) Wear comfy shoes. You want to be fully free to move about, run up and down stairwells, and navigate through dimly lit areas. We both opted for sneakers, and were SO happy we did! 2) If you go with someone, or several someones, make an agreement at the beginning to explore on your own. My partner and I did just that, and though we ran into each other a number of times throughout the evening, it was fantastic losing ourselves in whichever storyline appealed most. That night, we debriefed and were amazed to hear how different our experiences had been. 3) Get there about 30 minutes before entry. There are loads of lines to check your jacket ($3 each), pick up tickets, get into the performance space, etc. Although you won't get in early, all the additional waits can add up if you're at the back of the line. Our show was at 11:15; we arrived at 10--WAY too early on a chilly night. But we queued up at around 10:45 for entry at 11pm, and that was perfect. We were only a few back in line, and got into the "hotel" quickly. 4) Let yourself be bold in your exploration. Look through drawers, open books, get close to the performers, peek in suitcases, and breathe deeply. The company really utilizes the senses so beautifully, it is a pleasure. Don't do yourself the disservice of being timid. You can easily indulge your curiosity, play the voyeur and still be respectful of the space and the actors. I was blown away by the nuanced performances and level of detail. In all honesty, there were big chunks of time I spent simply exploring, rather than following any actors, and I'm SO glad I did. If you can do it, do it! We see LOADS of theatre: broadway, off-broadway, off-off-broadway, independent, well-funded, etc. We can be a bit judgmental, if I'm honest. But this was just an absolute blast!
I refer to my my adventure on Sleep No More, as one of the best experiences of my entire life, yes I said it. This place is magical. This is an outlet to break boundaries and  be in control of your dreams while expecting the unexpected. Nothing can prepare you for it and I guess not everyone is into it. Here's a few advice that might help you enjoy it as much as I did: - DO NOT stay with whoever you came with, live this experience on your own, and enjoy the freedom that you have been granted, it is rare. - DO NOT try to understand what the F... is going on, you will not succeed. - DO NOT follow the groups of 30 people from the public running around one of the actors, because, really, what's the fun in that? - Do make yourself available and attentive to the actors - Touch and steal parts of the decor, it is here for you. - Take a break when you re tired and go have a drink at the bar of the entrance while listening to some sultry music, it is part of the experience. So many crazy things happened to me while on Sleep No More, it was absolutely unforgettable. Thank you, JML.
This is by far one of the most immersive breaking the fourth wall shows I've ever experienced. I was instantly captivated by the grim yet whimsically charming vibe. Not knowing what to expect during the elevator ride, we were introduced to an ever engaging set, covered with 1930s mist and cluttered furniture. With such attentive deco, I've effortlessly suspended all disbelief. I highly recommend this amazing show - I would definitely go again.
It was awesome. I don't want to give anything away, but if you are uncomfortable with full frontal nudity, this is not for you. If you go with friends, be ready and willing to split up, everyone will have a different experience and it is fun to compare notes. Don't be afraid to follow minor characters, you may get a unique opportunity that way. Don't expect to get a cohesive story your first time. Wear comfortable shoes and clothes, check your jacket as it will get extremely warm. As others have said, the masks are better suited to contacts. It is one of the most innovative performances I have ever  seen.
Recently returned from my third and fourth visits to the McKittrick, I realize I've become one of those shamelessly addicted to SNM. If only it weren't an entire country away, I'd be there monthly. At the very least. Sleep No More is one of the few things you can only experience in New York City, (aside from the city itself). If your heart is open to darkness, silence, unanswerable questions, and the exquisitely painful realization that your choices alone determine your path and close off all other experiences to you, then go. No visit is ever the same, and it's delicious to know that your fate there is not entirely your own. If you haven't visited the McKittrick previously, some suggestions: * Arrive early. Entry into the hotel takes place in waves, and the sooner you enter the sooner you'll be into the show. From what I and others can tell, your ticket time is fairly irrelevant to when you actually go up in the elevator - and the sooner you enter, the more time you have for exploration. * Go alone. Or, if you're going with someone else, know that the show is best experienced alone (there's no speaking anyway, so you might as well be unencumbered). James, the elevator operator, will remind you of this multiple times. Explore at your own pace, and go where you want. You'll reunite at the end.... * Know and embrace the fact that you can't see it all. For those new to SNM, the show runs roughly on three hour-long loops (each performer does relatively the same things in each loop, with modifications at the beginning and end of the show). Keeping in mind that there are about twenty performers, five floors, and a myriad of rooms and hallways, SNM is designed to answer "No" to the question "Is that all there is?" (Which, if you're lucky, you'll hear later as Hecate or the Boy Witch locks eyes with you while singing. But I digress.) * Choose a performer to follow, or a floor to explore. There are a variety of philosophies on how to explore the space as a SNM virgin, but spending a loop following one performer through their various interactions with others, or observing who moves in and out of a floor or a particular room, might give you a little more of a sense of the narrative than simply wandering. There is so much to wander through that any approach is bound to yield something fascinating (don't neglect the infinite small details like letters, books, and minutiae of the set). However, many scenes happen on floors 2 and 4 if you want to strategize. And almost everyone goes at some point through the lobby (2nd floor) and interacts with the Porter, who's a fascinating and oft-overlooked character. * If you're hoping for a 1:1 (where a performer interacts with you in public or private), be present, attentive, and patient. There are small interactions (being led to a seat, being walked up or through floors) as well as more coveted ones (being taken into a private room, unmasked, and told dark stories, kissed, tossed about, or all of the above). Following a performer through some of their loop often helps. Be thoughtful; it's an intimate and vulnerable situation for the performers. Don't speak; if they choose you, they'll guide you. Just submit, and follow. For those who've been before and are going through withdrawal (or want to learn more about the infinite referential layers in the show), check out paisleysweets.tumblr.com for brilliant essays on the many literary, historical, and film references from which SNM draws. (Re)reading Macbeth is helpful, but remember that SNM isn't a faithful retelling of the play and has other characters drawn from other works and historical episodes. Read about the Paisley Witches, and brush on up Rebecca (either the du Maurier book or the Hitchcock film) and Woyzeck (the unfinished play by Büchner). The cast frequently changes as certain roles are played by multiple performers, but standouts from my last two visits were Doug Gillespie as the Boy Witch (I sincerely hope there are things I never unsee, especially as it relates to the rave/orgy) and Zhauna Franks as Hecate. I'd fervently hoped that on one of my visits I'd manage to get a 1:1 with Hecate, and it happened almost right away the first night. Let's just say the kiss on my mask - and the ring - are precious reminders of the dark and beautifully addicting world of SNM. Here's to the dreams....
Shut up. Just shut up. And turn your damn cell phone off. No, not on silent, turn it off. Seriously. Sleep No More is a Disney attraction for adults. Sleep No More is like being an extra in a movie. A creepy extra.* Sleep No More is quite simply, awesome. It's not easy to nail it down as any one thing. It reminds you that you are indeed supposed to shut the F up and be immersed in art rather than talk, text, or do any other sort of activity that we've come to accept during movies and live performances. There were times when I felt truly drawn into this world in ways I haven't been in traditional theater, and on top of that, there's a pretty bangin' bar, though good luck getting a drink from it at the end of the night. (It gets PACKED). *Despite the presence of an orgy scene, and the fact that you are wearing white, what can only be described as 'orgy,' masks, you will not be led down a path of re-enacting Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut. Sorry, Christopher R, It's an interpretative dance film noir retelling of Macbeth mashed up with a little Hitchcock for good measure.
interesting concept, poor execution if you don't chase the actors, you will find that everything else is humdrum drinks are ungodly expensive and the "absinthe" isn't real (i.e. no hallucinogenic levels of thujone to really set your mind in a bizarre state -- which would have helped!) a bit of signage or a program to inform of each floor's events would have assisted greatly an interesting experience, but if you go, stick to the actors when you find them
This was crazy!   I went with my husband and our friends on our last night in NY.  I hate to be scared so I came into it already freaked out because I read another review saying it was like a haunted house.   I clenched onto my husband's hand the whole time.  I have to admit, the initial curiosity of each room you walk into was the most scary.  Once you get used to the theme of the rooms, that feeling subsides a bit.  The actors were really cool and the high rating is really for them, the originality of the concept of the show/experience and the attention to detail in every aspect of the hotel.  Amazing! I don't think this show is for a person like me....but it is just so well done!  And if you have the curiosity to venture into the dark and see something like never before seen or imagined....it is worth the high price tag. 3 words: it's a trip!
I just don't understand all this "but it wasn't scary!" talk.   People.  It's not some Halloween haunted house!  There are moments of tension and emotion and drama.  It is an immersive theatrical experience and no one has the same one.  Each scene has its own atmosphere and sound scape.  The sets are so intricate that you could blow two hours in a room picking through details.  The actors are so deep into character that even in the ladies room in the bar, it is as if you are in another time and place.  The choreography was spectacular!  Some of the fight scenes were so intense and the way the performers throw themselves about is mesmerizing.  You wonder how often someone must get terribly hurt, but it seems they know every last inch of their sets and how much space their bodies take up. This show (because really, that's what it is) is best experienced by seeing the action go by and grabbing onto it and going with it.  Run up the stairs, let the actors grab you by the hand and share their intense emotions with you.  Sleep No More is unlike anything I've ever been to and I wish they could open up permanent residency here.
Strange and wonderful things are happening at Sleep No More. This is underground theater as I've always dreamed it, and its success will likely be the catalyst for similar shows. But for now, it's unlike anything else in NYC, and if you love experimental theater, you will love this Shakespeare-meets Eyes Wide Shut-meets haunted house-experience. Trust me when I say the less you know, the better. So I'll just say that it's absolutely worth it, and offer the following tips to help you make the most of your experience. - There are 5 floors. On weekdays the "play" lasts til 10:30 p.m., on weekends, til 1:30 a.m. Plan accordingly to ensure you have enough time on each floor. - Start and finish on floor 1. There's a great opening and closing act. - Book an earlier ticket. Scenes don't seem to reloop and action occurs throughout the night, so the earlier you arrive, the more you'll be able to explore. - Check your bag. Wear comfy shoes. - There's no tangible story line driving a set plot. If you're hoping for a more cohesive tale, find a character you like and stick to him or her. Be prepared to run to keep up. - This show is not for those who lack curiosity or imagination. Stay open, and allow yourself to submerge into the fantasy. In this eerie Other World, perception is reality, and Sleep No More's magic is halted only by the confines of your own mind.
Definitely a unique experience. I felt I travelled back in time with the beautiful setting, the music, the acting and the smell of old objects. I enjoyed being separated from my friends and wearing a mask; it intensified the experience. The only reason I am giving only 4 stars is that there were way too many people, it killed the mood at some points and it made it difficult to follow the actors. All I could see was a flock of sheep invading all the rooms.
Amazing show, that I wish were 6 hours long instead of three. If it sounds at all interesting to you, go. Go!! However, DON'T BUY THE BOOK they are hawking for $20 at the end of the show that purports to explain everything! Because it totally does not explain anything really, and it just has some dark blurry photos and an interview, and 90% of the cast photos aren't even accurate. So only buy it for the memories, if anything. I warned you.
Sleep No More is one of the most amazing things that I have ever experienced. We were told to go, and we were told not to do any research on the matter. When we showed up, I was uneasy to say the least. I wont give anything away, but I encourage you to do the same. Buy a ticket, have a few drinks and go with an open mind. I have spent over two weeks trying to describe this to my friends, it is simply amazing and an experience of a lifetime!
What can one say about Sleep No More? If you want to have a stuffy, pretentious evening than do not come here. SNM takes place over a number of floors in the McKitrick Hotel. It is a bit like combining a haunted house and a Broadway show. It is very unstructured and while I won't say what happens I found it fun to wander the hallways and "come across" different theatrical scenes that tell you the story. I would suggest wearing comfortable clothes and shoes since you will be climbing stairs, possibly running at times and laughing.   I suggest having a few cocktails nearby and then letting yourself go to the fun that is Sleep No More.
There are great things and terrible things about this show. I will disclose that I was never a huge Macbeth fan in the first place finding many of the characters to be too weak for my liking. In keeping with the original, many of the characters in Sleep No More were also too weak for my liking. However, that being said, the performance and execution of this interpretive story were extremely well done. Sleep No More makes you think about the possibility of theater outside of normal boundaries. Patrons and actors alike enter into a gray zone not always knowing who is who and almost interacting with one another. At three points, all of the actors gather in a grand ballroom for a tableau resembling the Last Supper, and twice, they gather in the same room to dance. In between, they go their separate ways, performing scenes solo or in small groups. As a patron, you are supposed to following the character of your choosing off to corners of the performance space to see what they will do. Depending upon your choice, the events to follow may be more or less interesting. The physical acting and dance performed in this show are absolutely amazing. Think Momix on crack combined with nudity and sexual promiscuity. It was very interesting and entertaining. The set is also unparalleled. The attention to detail is tremendous, there are so many things to look at you couldn't possibly take it all in. Now for the bad. A lot of the time you really have no idea what in the world is going on. Yeah scenes kind of parallel those in Macbeth, but they're loose and you have no idea how they really relate to one another because you can't watch everything going on at once. If there was some kind of recap at the end helping to fill you in on what you missed, that might help...but there's not. However they do try to sell you a $20 "program" on the way out to "help you to understand what just happened." The worst part however is that there are way too many viewers at the performance. It's often difficult to see what's going on, difficult to maneuver around, and difficult to feel at ease because there are just too many people. Would I recommend this show? It's interesting. If money is of no object I'd definitely check it out. But if you dislike crowds, skip it.
Brilliant.  Go with an open mind, and follow your nose...
I walked into this with some knowledge of what I was about to experience from asking my friends. It was definitely different than how I expected everything to be, but in a good way. I walked out of there with my heart beating fast and wanting to know what else happened. The actors are all amazing and really good looking. I recommend reading up on the characters of Macbeth before going. The play was confusing because you see every scene out of order while you usually follow a one or a few characters at a time, while all the actors act simultaneously throughout the place, but they redo the scenes twice. The whole thing itself creeped me out, especially on the 5th floor, where I wouldn't walk inside alone. I was greeted with an orgy scene (everyone else saw this scene toward the end) within the first 10 minutes and I was sad no one else (except 4 other audience) saw this scene with me the first time. My friend was kissed by Lady Macbeth and had one-on-one time with her. Overall, great experience! Even though I am familiar with Macbeth, Sleep No More still kept on excited and guessing what was going to happen next. This is a must do event! I wish I can go again to see the other scenes I missed, but it is quite pricey. Remember to bring your ID! Also go early so you can see all the props and rooms.
Are you adventurous? Open-minded? Do you enjoy the artistic side of life? Can you throw caution and expectations to the wind? Yes? Then stop reading these long-ass Yelp reviews and GET YOUR TICKETS ALREADY. Sheesh. Obviously, I loved this experience. Within 5 minutes of leaving the McKittrick Hotel, I couldn't wait to return. It was incredible. A big thanks to all of the talented people that make this masterpiece happen. P.S. We all know it's expensive. We pay anyway. Why drop $100 on dinner, drinks and a movie when you can STEP INTO THE MOVIE and be part of it?
Before I write this review, please note, this is an experience that you either GET or DONT GET. This is modern, interactive theatre and performance art, loosely based on Shakespeare. If you want to lose yourself in the moment and enjoy the basic principles of touch, sight, sound - by all means, you will enjoy this. A few things - you will need to wear comfy shoes bc you are on your feet for hours and will be walking around. Everything is cash only and the ATM has a $4 service fee so bring cash. Feel free to lose your friends - as much as this is a group play, it really is also a solo experience. I recommend following a minor character (you will be able to interact with them more) rather than race around chasing major characters. Also, you dont even have to follow a character - just walk in and out of rooms, play with the props, read through the books on the shelves, riffle through the drawers, eat the candy inside the jars in the candy shop (I did and was fine lol), look at the maps, try on the jewelry in the cabinets. There are non-descript "guides" who will move you if you disturb anything that the actors might need. The sets are beautiful, the lay out is fascinating, the actors dance as well as perform so it is a multi-discipline play, and the cocktails at the end of the night are outstanding! Read the cliff nots of McBeth as well if you want an extra lil idea of what might be going on :)
Walk in with a curious mind, follow wherever the flow of performance leads you, and immerse yourself in the dark, theatrical world inside McKittrick Hotel. This is an absolutely mind-blowing, multi-sensory, awe-inspiring theater experience that no one would regret going. Also, kudos to the marvelous actors and actresses who speak, express and breathe in their most powerful body languages.
Open your mind and leave your ego behind.  You will want to go alone.  I stayed with my 16-year-old daughter for about 15 minutes and it becomes too cumbersome to stay with someone.  There is so much going on and everyone wants to see what they want to see without worrying about their friends. Don the mask and explore everything.  Follow the crowds, that's where the action is.  My daughter saw a completely different show than me.   I am going to try and take my wife now.   Get there early as the bar is fantastic.   It's a very cool experience. Don;t think any longer.  Just go.
Amazing!!! Definitely the best show I've ever been to and one of my favorite things I've ever done. Don't want to give too much away but expect a lot of walking around and stairs (wear comfy shoes) and to remain in silence while you're exploring the hotel. Worth the money for sure, and it's something you can see more than once since you won't necessarily see the scenes in the same order every time. If you're even thinking about buying tickets... buy them now!
My husband and I both agreed that Sleep No More is one of the coolest events that we've ever experienced  and that's saying a lot as we've taken in a ton of travel, theater, and fantastic entertainment in general over the years. It's certainly one of the most unique theater experiences available to any theater goer in the US and likely the world (Sleep No More is part of Punchdrunk out of the UK, originally). If you live in the NYC area, or are coming in for a visit, Sleep No More is NOT to be missed. The event itself is actually somewhat difficult to describe as it is so unique - you really just need to go check it out. It's well worth the price and you're best served by going more than once (the experience will be different every time). Sleep No More is a 3 hour interactive theater experience in which you wander around silently through 5 floors of an abandoned 1930's era 'hotel' (refurbished warehouse in Chelsea). You'll wear a mask (think Eyes Wide Shut) as will all other participants except the actors. You're free to explore at your own pace and it's well worth your time to follow actors around and watch intertwining stories unfold. These have to be some of the hardest working actors in NYC! It is not at all unusual to see Sleep No More cast dancing on walls and walking upside down on ceilings - no joke, you have to see it to believe it! It's also worth taking a very close look at the elaborate set decor which is absolutely top rate. You'll wander from room to room and you will literally feel like you've been transported into a movie (not like you're on a movie set, rather a movie has suddenly become real and you're in it). That movie would be Hitchcockian Film Noir meets a brilliant re-imagining of Macbeth meets Eyes Wide Shut (complete with well choreographed orgy scenes). Obviously, this production isn't for the faint of heart and it's not for kids. If you're scared off by anything that doesn't come out of a Disney studio, stay home. In the rooms, you're encouraged to rifle through people's desks to read their letters, get up close and personal with 'bloody' bathwater (Macbeth has to wash his hands off somewhere), and even taste candy in a vintage candy shop. The experience acts on all of your senses, 100% of the time. Music acts as the perfect accompaniment throughout the experience heightening that feeling of having been transported to another world. Three hours will fly by very quickly, so, be mindful of that as there is a lot to see. The staff at Sleep No More are extremely helpful and 100% professional. This is a serious production and the staff take their jobs very seriously - pride in the product shows through in every interaction you'll have with them. Overall, I cannot recommend Sleep No More highly enough. I would go back again and again if I could. Also, don't miss dinner at The Heath, Sleep No More's restaurant, to perfectly round out the experience. At The Heath you'll also be completely transported back in time - to a swanky speakeasy in which the food, cocktails, decor, and entertainment do not disappoint.
I put off doing Sleep No More for nearly a year; though the entire premise--Macbeth and Noir film stirred up in a mixture of Theater, Installation Art, and Darkhouse Ride-- baited every fanatical interest that triggers pleasure zones in my brain, $80 is a lot of money, and as a full-time editor and pre-med student, my budget is a little tight. Now that I've gone, I can wholeheartedly say this is one of the few things a person can experience in NYC that's worth every penny. If you go into Sleep No More expecting a "play" or "traditional narrative", you're going to be let down. There is no moment when all the threads you've experienced are neatly tied together for you; rather, you craft your own meaning from the discoveries you make exploring the various sets and from whichever actors you choose to follow throughout the building. It asks participants to entertain the adventurous child tucked away inside each of us--to create your own meaning through interpretation and exploration than through mere voyeurism. It's somewhere between a play and a video game--not entirely interactive, but not entirely passive; you're free to make as little or as much of the experience as possible. I followed entirety of the Pregnant Woman's narrative and most of one of the Witches--this took about 1.5 hours of the 3  I was there. The other 1.5 hours were spent popping in and out of other narratives, exploring all 5 floors (yes, FIVE--there are actually FIVE floors, not three), and reconvening at the "end sequence" for the grand finale. Though there was a lot I missed, it's impossible to see everything in one trip; you'll either be the kind of person who's okay with this, or the kind who wants to know EVERYTHING. I'm secretly the kind of person who wants to know everything. So I bought the $20 book after the show, which the salesperson claimed "revealed what you [I] missed" and "explained what you [I] saw". Unfortunately, after I got home and opened the book, I found it was largely set photos, interviews with the sound and stage designers, a playbill-esque catalog of the players' bios, and a brief rundown of both the characters relations to one another (in a scant "family tree" format) and a dilution of "MacBeth" into 3 line scene descriptions. Collectively, the actor bios help discern who was which character, and clarify what you saw (to a degree), but it takes a LOT of detective work and effort to piece it together. The scene by scene dilution serves more to "justify" calling this a revisionist imagining of MacBeth than to actually clarify its connection to Shakespeare's text. Overall, I wouldn't recommend the book--it doesn't help much in the way of understanding and only inspires the need to "understand" the play, rather than interpreting your own experience. It's also an unnecessary waste of $20. Definitely see this. Wear comfortable shoes, enter at the earliest time possible, allow yourself to be separated from your party, and explore. It's unlike anything you've experienced before.
quite interesting. you wear masks [that cover your nostrils- so it is DIFFICULT to breathe] and walk in complete silence. you have the choice to follow characters, go from room to room, touch things [except when rooms get closed and locked in your face] for the most part it is not frightening, but it certainly was scary for the first ten minutes wandering in empty rooms alone. i got so freaked out i had to go onto a different floor. *whew. the point is to be anonymous, so it is fun to watch interactions and if you are lucky they may even pull you in for all to see. all i got was a good night the show is ending kiss. haha i wish there was some sort of a collective experience, rather than a jumble of a gazillion. i did enjoy the freedom, but wanted a little more out of it. for the most part, i enjoyed it [and the live jazz in the bar for drink refills], but was disappointed that i did NOT find the candy room! was looking forward to that. but it is definitely a new experience worth trying!!
This is, perhaps, the most exciting, mind-blowing, viscerally-stunning experience I have ever been to. My first visit was back in May 2012 as part of a graduation gift. I was accompanied by my sister, and we both went in with vague ideas of what we were about to witness, which was for the best. I would say, as a note to future participants: It's best going in with an open mind, and unaware of the spectacles that await. Just the sheer amount of performances (large and small, dramatic, explosive, hypnotic, or subtle), floors and rooms to freely explore, are worth the trip. My sister and I split up part ways through, and each experienced something different. Choose your own paths. Choose your own stories. After it was all over, I felt electric and alive. So much so, that I immediately began planning my next visit (which didn't happen until the following year). My second time around was even more stunning. Every time you go, you witness something new. The fact that it remains this exciting after dual visits is beyond compare. Sleep No More is something to be celebrated! There's no question that I'm planning my 3rd visit. My body, my soul, my whole being calls for it.
First the good:  Fun to receive an e-mail prior to the performance about your reservation.  It revs you up to anticipate a new and fun experience.  Mask was different, kind of fun.  And it was fun to wonder and explore in an interactive setting as opposed to the tradition of sitting and watching a show. That's it for the good. You arrive to be forced to overpay to check your coat, and purse: you are not given a choice here. Then you may spend a few minutes paying extra for drinks if you choose to order any.    You're then asked to don a mask, take an elevator ride and proceed to wander for three hours in the dark and up and down stairs, into a multitude of rooms, and following a variety of characters.  It might be fun if it made any sense. The only reason I continued to wander was that I was of the belief that in the end, all would compare notes and the whole thing would suddenly make sense.  Ok, I got the Macbeth symbolism. If there was a story, a murder mystery, a plot of some kind, I dare you to tell me what it was. In the end, you're guided back to the lobby. That's it!  It's over.  You have no idea what you just saw. But you may have the honor of spending $20 more on a program to find out.
VIP tickets are great, you don't wait in line and you enter before the crowd. There's so many different experiences to have in one building. I suggest you sneak into the bar mid show and they might have a special performance just for you! Also, don't be afraid to interact if an actor approaches you.
This was an experience to say the least. It's like a real life video game (Bioshock anyone?), meets Macbeth, meets Eyes Wide Shut. I don't want to spoil it, but if you go as a couple be prepared to be separated! One of the female performers even grabbed my bf from me and pushed him into a closet with her and kissed him on the cheek. So crazy, but so New York! Definitely a must do.
Upon exiting the McKittrick Hotel, my first thought was "I GOTTA do this again...." No words can express just how effing cool this is.   Quite a unique experience.  Initially I felt unsure....should I touch that?  Can I open that drawer?  Is that actor trying to interact with me?  Should I take the bait?  Can I eat this Hershey Kiss?   If you answered yes to all of the above, you need to come experience "Sleep No More". Once I felt comfortable endlessly interacting with the sets, the environment and the actors, the experience really took off.  I felt like I was in a creepy horror video game, looking for clues and searching for...something.  The mask (which you can keep) makes you anonymous and something is really added here with everyone looking the same. The sets are PERFECT.  Creepy and real, often times invoking anxiety and uncertainty, but making you want to explore all the more.  Go ahead, explore.... The seemingly random scenes you'll come across  are interesting - no speaking, all modern interpretive.  Some of it is pretty steamy!  I particularly enjoyed a scene with the 2nd Mrs de Winter and Mrs Danvers.  Lots of palpable tension and mood.  Some people endlessly followed the actors around, and it seemed to me they were ignoring the wonderfully crafted sets.  I chose to watch scenes that I happened upon, but definitely paid more attention to all the finer details.  Next time I should probably watch more of the scenes. The day after experiencing this (you don't "see" Sleep No More, you experience it) I ran out and purchased Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier - one of the books referenced as an inspiration for this.  What a great book, and put some things into better perspective after the fact.  MacBeth is also an inspiration here.   A few tips.  Let yourself get separated from your companions (super important), wear comfortable shoes, and contact lens if you can.  And let yourself get immersed....they don't call it "immersive theater" for nothing! I GOTTA do this again!
AMAZING! FREAKING AMAZING! The best experience EVER! I felt part of the cast and loved the concept! Everything was perfect and the mask added an ethereal touch. They really put a lot of work into making you feel that you are part of the play. The actors/dancers were great! Expect the unexpected. Three hours that fly by so dress comfortably. Around every corner there is something new to discover, so be open minded. , no cell, no talking, no coat, just be in the moment. It' s been so long since I've been in the now, you know the moment They are completely worth the money and I would recommend to anyone who enjoys something different really different. Also you get to keep the mask.
Do you have your tickets already bought to Sleep No More? Good. Stop reading this review. Don't read any reviews. Just go, experience it, it's something amazing. But, maybe you don't have tickets yet and are thinking of going (or do have them and liking knowing a little more.) Ok, I can give you a bit of a rundown without ruining the experience. First of all, this is immersive, not interactive theatre at it's best. The actors may talk with you (dance with you, lead you by the hand), but this is only on occasion. Truly, you're a ghost on the sidelines as the plots fold around you. You're even under a white mask the entire time, making you feel faceless, like anyone, everyone, watching the events of Macbeth unfold. Yes, this show is based (and I say loosely) on the plot of Macbeth. My tip to you, re-read the play (or at least the synopsis) before going so you at least know the basic characterless (and why, say, there's a pregnant woman running around). But it's so open-ended and the world of Sleep No More is so big, you may or may not ever see anything familiar from the classic story. So what is it? It's a story. Scratch that, it's multiple stories and the world is yours to explore. Stay with one character and see what happens with them or run freely from room to room. Pick up letters to read, open drawers and books push doors to see if they open. Sometimes they do and you have no idea what will be behind them. It can be hot, it can be crowded and you're on your feet for a while so make sure to wear comfortable shoes and light clothes. And just, be ready for what comes next. There's a lot of dance, there's a lot of confusion, and there's an ending that will blow your mind away. Come with a sense of adventure.
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Prepare to be away from your group. And you should, so you have more things to talk with them afterward.
Stars rating go out only to the highly professional and exceptional actors/actresses!  Plus my fave is the reallyyyy wonderful jazz band.   Do NOT go if you are pregnant!!! I did see some pregnant women attending but it's not totally safe, esp if you are prone to complications.  I saw people get bumped and shoved by the actors getting into a brawl..(and I dont mean by a light touch or elbow) one of the audience members got hit big time springing backwards (glad that was not me).  but of course it's definitely by accident when there is a huge crowd.  i also slipped and tripped a few times :(, it was too dark and because some of the steps were uneven.  When things heat up in terms of the plot, some of the fellow audience members get into a little shovin' and pushin' type of mode (again, it's not on purpose.. it's just a reaction in trying to get to the next scene when following)   Further, you're always walking a few flights of stairs up and down and sometimes if there are a lot of people behind you, they are rushing you.  (ah.. just like the nyc subway system..)  You just have to be really discrete if you are pregnant, have asthma, afraid of the dark, and have claustrophobia or some heart condition issues.  I was startled a few times by the banging from nowhere.so there goes some of your "jumpy" moments!   Because of the dry ice that was being pumped out, my throat was getting really dry and had to cackle.... and of course because they did not allow drinks, etc... must have to withstand the dry throat feeling while trying to finish off other scenes.  Plus, over time, the mask can get very hot... i saw some people were trying to wipe off their sweating bullets...The mask is required at all times.  (ah!) It is the nature of this type of play, where the audience is interactively moving around and you get to see a 360 degree view of the acts.  You are to choose which actors/actresses/scenes you can follow.  It is very artistic with dance numbers and almost no speech at all.  It is entertaining and filled with a lot of intrigue.  It is great for people who enjoy plays with a modern approach.  It has an eerie feel with the 1920s atmosphere, scene sets and costume apparel.  Everything was professionally set up. When you walk in, you have to pay $3 for coat check, they make you take off jackets and you have to give them your purses etc.  They claim that there is no cellphone reception inside (but that is not true).   You are to give up everything except for MONEY for drinks!!! HAHAH (smart! ).   Then you walk into some maze (all dark) to get to a bar area. I had to slowly maneuver and feel for the walls/openings in order to make it through the zig-zagging route (now you know why pregnant women should not be advised to attend.)   Upon the arrival at the bar/lounge area, you order drinks and then they call your #.. people had to hurry to chug down their drinks or leave their $15 drinks that were half-way done.. aww...  luckily i saw these yelp reviews beforehand and learned about all of this. haha. You can just learn so much from Yelp!   Throughout the course of the play/scenes, the rest is easy.  I was getting tired so I had to head back to the bar earlier  to relax and enjoy the jazz band.  That was my FAVORITE part of the whole night.  You pay $100/ticket - and you get to take home a free mask.  Whooo hoooo!!!
A very interesting experience in immersive theatre.  A few of the patrons are a bit over eager and literally run from room to room, chasing after the actors.  It can also be a bit difficult to see some of the scenes because people insist on crowding up right next to the actors. But....it's an interesting, trippy experience and I would definitely go again.  I was there for close to three hours and felt like there was still a lot more left to see and experience.
I am waffling on giving it two or three stars, but in the end, two is all it's worth. Let's begin: I read about this show 9 months ago and was incredibly intrigued by the use of audience immersion in the storytelling of Macbeth (and apparently, Hitchcock's Rebecca). I love the idea of wearing anonymous masks, the 2nd floor bar (with a post-play show that was pretty awesome: that singer really kicks booty), wandering around solo and experiencing what you want when you want is pretty fun. BUT! I think I can finally put my finger on what bothered me. The place was TOO big. Too spread out and though wandering into weird, neat little rooms was fun, after about 45 mins with very little guidance and very very little story, I frankly became a bit bored. Call me a child of the ADD generation, but I do need a little more stimulus, especially when throwing down 75 buckaroos. When I did follow a character it was interesting maybe 50% of the time, but Rebecca/Lady MacDuff's storyline was a yawner. The coolest bit of the evening was the demonic orgy with the strobes.  Creepy as hell! They needed more elements of that.   Ultimately, I've been to scarier haunted houses at the county fair...cuz that's really all this is.  Go if you want, but keep your expectations low and you'll have a great time!
Simply surreal.
Warning: Spoiler Alert!!! Equal parts play, voyerism, cardio, and confusion. It's immersive theater! Definitely a different type of theatrical experience, as you're not just sitting in your seat. You're exploring, roaming, touching things... Tips: -- wear comfortable shoes, as there will be running up & down steps & from room to room. -- dress in light clothing. OMG, it gets hot as hell under that mask...and did I mention the constant moving around? -- coat check is mandatory ($4/person.) You aren't allowed to carry anything in past coast check, not even your phone (so make sure to place it into your pocket before entering the hotel if you can't live 3 hours without it.) -- no talking Sleep No More is supposedly based on Shakespeare's "MacBeth," but aside from the murders & the banquet at the end, I don't really see the how the two plays are similar. I guess there are many scenes having to do with madness... The sets are expertly done. The graveyard is chilly & spooky. There is music playing throughout the different floors that elicit fear & suspense. There's a part where a lady (nurse?) is luring a crazed woman to drink a milky potion -- what was that about? The first scene we encountered was the one in the room with a bathtub. Great acting, creepy vibes for sure. I won't say what happens at the very end, but I'm surprised we ended up at the right place at the right time...it's intense. Walking through the different sets in the McKittrick Hotel is surreal. You know you're awake, so it can't be a dream, but it feels like it. At the beginning, you go through a maze & end up at the bar...very telling of how you'll feel navigating this play -- lost & drunk. If you feel you're missing bits & pieces, don't worry, the play repeats itself a few times over the three hours, so just keep following different actors until you see all the scenes. Price: about $100/person depending on what night you go.
Some words of advice: 1) Research this a bit but not too much before going so that you have something to go off of or it really makes no sense for a good amount of time. It also helps you see the beauty in the randomness. 2) Wear comfortable shoes and take it easy that day if you are a tourist. This is 3 hours of running around a 6 story hotel. 3) Be okay with strobe lights, boobs and a penis.. and some fake blood. 4) Realize that you WILL get split up from your party. If you have an issue with that, make plans of how to meet up once in the hotel. It is really fun to have your own experience and then compare notes, so consider that as an option as well.   If you are a fan of unique experiences, DO IT. If you are a fan of strange art, DO IT. We enjoyed it for sure, not for the faint of heart or a**holes.
Do it ! I think a review would be killing it...B+
Stunning!!! I went there last night with my husband and we had the most different experiences ever! We stayed there 3 hours and split immediately. Its really fascinating to discover only at the end that there are many rooms and scenes I didn't see, such as the hospital. If I could I would come back right away!!!
It was magical, inspired, inspiring and unique. Don't think about it too much. Reading reviews helped a lot about the technical aspect of the night, but for the play itself, just dive in. Bring only what is necessary and enjoy the ride ALONE. One of my best experience in NYC.
The less one says, the better. Just go, and see what happens.
Here I find myself eating my own words.  I had said I wouldn't want to take someone visiting New York to this place, but I did.  I took someone very important, my mom, which also means I've personally now seen this thing twice. I wanted to show my mom how "different" New York can be and a type of show she didn't know was even possible.  I would have preferred to go to Queen of the Night but felt it was probably too risqué to take a parent. The performance was different this time around.  Different actors, with the exception of two of them who I recognized from last time.  You end up seeing different scenes each time you go.  Last time I was all over the place, but this time we stuck to a few select performers and spent a lot of time in the ballroom especially.  It was warm instead of chilly like last time inside, the props were the same, the candy room no longer interested me, but the biggest differences was there was full frontal male nudity AND the performers talked a little bit and they sang (they didn't last time).  Either they changed the show or they give the performers a lot of discretion in how they want to tackle their performances.  I preferred the show better last time.  The performers were just better.  This time I felt like I got stuck with a bevy of understudies. I "got it" better this second time around, but the novelty was gone (knew to go to the ballroom, knew the end).  I was surprised to see a whole different set of scenes I hadn't seen the last time around.  I'm beginning to think you can really go to this several times and each time discover a new set of scenes you haven't seen before, but some will repeat, the novelty is gone and the decor of the place is the same so some of the mystic disappears when you go the second time around. Afterwards, we headed to Gallows Green rooftop bar for drinks to get the full experience.  A lot of Sleep No More patrons don't know to go to the rooftop afterwards, but this time I had it down.
I will agree with all the other reviews and repeat that this is truly an amazing experience.   However - I am really upset that nobody has mentioned the high quality of the black liquorice in the candy shop on the 4th floor.  You really just can't find liquorice like that anymore.
This is, as everyone puts it, a fun experience. If you aren't sure about an $80 price tag, you won't be going to a quality Broadway play for much less. They really thought of just about everything here, and you will leave discussing with your friends far into the evening. It's thinly plotted, but there is a plot if you search for one, although not necessary. Quite a few times I found myself standing around some bizarre scene with fellow white masked on-lookers, thinking, "This is such a strange situation I'm in." Quite out of body. The overall vibe is moody, not scary, and I think the experience was better for it. A lot to discover, so you could go on a repeat visit and find something new, although once was enough for me.
Sleep No More was defiantly a unique experience.  I wasn't sure what to expect as I checked in.  I thought it would be a scary experience but it wasn't at all. The actors/actresses are phenomenal; the experience was interesting and different.  I don't know that I would go again but I am happy I was able to experience this unique 3 hour show.
Superb performance and among first of its kind in Manhattan as interactive play in terms of scale and decor (you have other interactive such as live in theater which is great too but very different experience). I think def a must do in manhattan.
Go, just go. Don't think twice. Don't ask friends. Don't  browse around for spoilers, just go. I went alone and it was by far one of the most unique theatrical performances I've ever been to. Also, I know this is a no brainier but make sure you're familiar with the story of Macbeth or you'll probably be confused and not fully appreciate the experience.
OMG. AMAZING!! If my friends visit New York, this is the #1 show/ place where I want to take them! - Wear comfortable shoes - Wear clothes with pocket for credit card ( If you wear bright color clothes, your friends will be easy to find you) - You can drink beer if cocktails seem too expensive ( I didn't know there were beer...) - Enjoy yourself
WHO WANTS TO GO AGAIN WITH ME??? Read through a few yelpers reviews and some friends comments.. (Paul H. and Stephanie Q.). I wore my contacts, comfortable shoes, and summer clothes.. Few tips before you go: - read MacBeth so you won't feel lost.. but you will still love it even though you choose not to read it - wear comfortable shoes as mentioned - don't drink before the show because you won't have time finish it - DON'T HOLD HANDS!! Come on!! It's not scary.. My friend was caught in front and at first we were so afraid to split up.. (I HATE HAUNTED HOUSE).. but just some SPOILER!! IT'S NOT SCARY.. no one will jump out and scares you.. - split up within the group.. that's what we did and share your notes.. - get the earliest ticket if it's possible so you can explore more! - if you cannot run for 10 seconds.. TRAIN YOUR RUNNING SKILLS before you go.. I am serious.. I was behind someone who can barely run down the stairs and a few girls behind and I were so mad because we lost the character.. - try not to bring your bag.. If you have pocket.. just bring your phone and your credit card/cash.. It's 3 dollars per item to check in your coat or bags. I guess you have no choice during the winter.. - wear summer clothes.. It can be very hot.. - LASTLY, ENJOY!! Don't be afraid.. It's not a haunted house.. I guess one time is not enough.. there are so many characters to follow.. I really wanna go again if anyone wants to go with me!! :)
This is the MOST EXPENSIVE HAUNTED HOUSE i have ever been to! I read lots of awesome reviews about it, so I shelled out $80 to have a gaze (plus my friend paid $120 for VIP, what a  joke!). Plus more $ for coat-check. Plus more $ for drinks. Plus they wanted me to buy a program at the end. So really, by the end of 2 hours I was wondering if this wasn't just a big SALES event to see how deep my pockets are? I would recommend showing up at 7pm to get the full experience, as we arrived at 8pm and time flew by. Most of the loosely-strung together acts were confusing and I would have liked to see more coherence, more acting, more storyline? Part of me was just reacting to the other patrons, not really the show per se.
While its really well done, I don't think they do enough to explain what to do. The tickets were $100 so it was quite expensive. During the show, I saw people examining the jars/ desks, which was just not the point of the show. Obviously, they had no idea what to do either. We spent 2 hours in the top two floors not catching a single good scene before we realized that the building had many other floors. By the time we found out what to do, it was already the tail end. Everything is well done - the decoration, the acting, etc. What was really lacking was direction - they should tell you in the beginning that there are 5 floors, and that you should be looking for and following the actors.
F--k me that was awesome! Imagine a one night stand that rocked your word, you go back to the same spot, and find a completely new world rocking hook-up. Well that is what ya get here, if your open to it. Go with no expectations, don't try to stay together as a pair or in a group, and go again. This by far is:  The Best, New, Unique Experience to hit NYC in a decade!
The set was cool, despite the "hotel" part being completely nonsensical (never been in a hotel graveyard...) but the show itself just didn't mean anything at all.  The best part was the bar and it's jazz performers.  I don't get all the hype beyond that it was an original idea.  This was more fun when I had a table at it's former incarnation as Guest House.
I've been wanting to see this play for years and finally got the chance to.  This was my first immersive play and was a worthwhile experience.  There was no playbill so it's up to you to figure out the characters and story.  Now I read Macbeth a long time ago but don't remember much.  I came away from the play only knowing which actor was Macbeth and Lady Macbeth.  The rest I got no clue.  The actors don't speak either so the story eludes me.  There was a lot of dancing scenes which at times got boring.  Also trying to watch some of the scenes,  you'd be lucky if no one is blocking your view.  Some scenes were absolutely riveting such as the one at the supper table where everyone is acting slow motion and you can appreciate every nuance of their expressions and body language.  The play is interactive in that the actors will at time grab an audience member and lead them away.  There's a lot of walking and it was hot in the hotel.  Considering I went in the fall I can't imagine how uncomfortable it would be in the summer.  Also,  bodily injury is a possiblity.  I got run down by a running actor which almost knocked me to the ground and knocked my mask off.  His stage blood got all over my clothes and arm and I smelled like chocolate the rest of the night.  Trying to find a bathroom is an Odyssey in itself.  Some of the dancing and fighting scenes where they are throwing each other around and kicking gets pretty close to the audience so watch where you are standing and that you are not in their way.  Watching this had me googling the play the next day trying to piece together what the heck I saw.  I still don't know.  I know I missed some vital scenes and I'm tempted to see it again to understand better but then I remember being bored as well so I probably won't pay to go back.
This was the most interesting experience I have had in a long time.  Get your ticket NOW people!! I don't want to give away too much, but I want to say a couple things. 1.  LEAVE YOUR FRIENDS BEHIND!!!! I can not stress this enough.  You are in a building, no one is going to hurt you, take you etc.  I was so annoyed by people that had to hold hands and shove other people out of the way, it took me out of the story.  My friend and I agreed to meet in the bar as we finished and that was the best decision we could have made. 2. you will sweat.  The mask is warm, and you will be running up and down stairs.  Wear your hair up and wear comfortable shoes.   3. DON'T TALK.  It ruins the experience for the other people around you.   4.  BUY A TICKET NOW!!!  The show closes next month, and I suggest you take it in now.
I have never experienced anything quite like this before. It's been a few weeks since I saw Sleep No More and I'm still thinking about it. It was crazy, sexy, inspiring, creepy, exciting and fun! The sets all throughout the hotel are immaculate. You get to touch everything, you get to smell everything, you get to eat the candy and you get to be part of the act. I could see this thing 10 more times and probably still not see everything. Not for the faint hearted or the easily offended. For everyone else, GO SEE IT. I'm going back to NYC in a few months for a second round and I can't wait to explore some more!
I've been 4 times and have never once seen the same show. Each time I go, I expect to see some repetition and yet, each experience is still unique. And that's what I love most about this: it's what you make of it. Looking back, the first time I went was actually my least favorite, despite being blown away by the incredible sets and level of detail in the execution of the entire experience, from the minute I stepped in the door. This was probably due to the fact that I purposely read nothing about it, nor did I brush up on Macbeth before going. I spent the majority of the night fumbling around the set and didn't really make an effort to follow any actors. Tips: - Read a synopsis of Macbeth & Rebecca so you at least have a small idea of what's going on. - Read a character synopsis of SNM so you know who the hell you're chasing around. - Do a little research about how the actual building is set up - specifically, just try to know what's on each floor so you can at least navigate the set. Once you're in there it can be dark and confusing, and it's helpful to at least have a general idea of where things/rooms are located. - Don't read spoilers - Touch stuff! Read the letters, papers, notes, etc lying on desks or tables. - Separate from your friends/group. The great part about the mask is that you can't really be distracted by other peoples' reactions. - Get there early and try to spread out your time among floors/characters. - Respect the actors. Don't be a drunk fool and talk inside the show. It's really distracting. This seems to happen a lot more on the weekends, especially the late show. - Weekdays are also cheaper. The most helpful tip I got on my second visit was to arrive as close to the beginning as possible and go straight to the banquet scene. You'll get to see a lot of characters right off the bat, and they scatter from that area, so you have a good chance of being able to identify who's who and follow whoever you want.
This show is a complete waste of time and money. You can read all the other 1 & 2 star reviews if you want more details about why the show is so bad. They are all correct. Judging by the number of 4 & 5 star reviews, there is clearly a large number of people who love this performance. (I think they are all written by the show's PR department....but I digress). Since there are so many conflicting opinions, I'm going to give you an exercise you can do at home to see if this show is right for you! First, pour yourself a good strong drink. Take 2 sips of the drink, and then pour the rest of it down the drain. You need a mask for the next step. For the best effect you should go to your local Halloween store and by a cheap plastic Donald Duck mask and spray paint it white. If the mask isn't hot and uncomfortable you haven't found the right one. Keep looking. Once you have your mask, put it on and go lock yourself in the attic . Many people without attics will try and substitute a closet full of junk for the attic. You cannot do this. You need a space large enough to run around in frantically for 3 hours. It helps if the attic is packed with crap that you should have thrown away years ago. Now, spend the next 3 hours rummaging through everything in the attic.  You must open every box, examine every drawer and touch every object in the attic. It adds to the experience if you forcefully jab a broomstick into your ribs and/or stomach every 10 minutes. Falling down repeatedly in the dark is also encouraged. Make sure at some point that you stare at some meaningless object for at least 30 minutes straight. Every 15 minutes you must sprint to the other end of the attic as fast as you can for no reason. For the full exercise you need to talk your significant other into getting into an old bath tub naked and shitting out a plastic baby doll while bad techno music blares and cheesy strobe lights flash. Don't bother to ask why, it doesn't matter you troglodyte. This is art! Oh yeah, during the entire time you can't speak. You need to rig a black mask to a swinging sandbag that smacks you in the back of the head every time you attempt to speak. After 3 hours you should be nauseated, bruised, hot, confused, tired, and irritable. If not, you haven't done it right.  You need to repeat the entire exercise from the very beginning and try to run faster this time. If you are feeling all these things, congratulations you may precede to the final step. Now, burn a $100 bill and eat the ashes. Your exercise is over. Did you enjoy it? If you did, then this is the show for you!
stop reading reviews. Go for it. Some tips- quickly read Macbeth before you enter. Don't stay with your group, branch off and explore on your own and discuss you experience later. Following Macbeth and lady Macbeth is a good idea. Wear comfy shoes and cloths. Be prepared to walk up and down stairs. Keep you minds eye open.
If you've gotten to the point where you are reading up on Yelp reviews for this show - it's really time to just book your tickets and prepare to attend.  If you're already past that step, then go read up on MacBeth and watch Hitchcock's "Rebecca".   Day of, make sure you wear comfortable shoes - you will be moving around a LOT and if you aren't, you're doing it wrong!  Be brave, explore, be independent and follow your curiosity!!  Go with someone that will be the same and 3 hours later, share stories and share experiences. I've done nothing like this before but after hearing about it on a Freakanomics podcast, looked into this show.  When I knew I was going to be in NYC, I booked tickets weeks in advance.  My sister and I couldn't stop talking about it for hours - sharing stories, and storylines and planning our next visit.  We also look for opportunities to tell everyone about the experience.  Do it.
You must go to this. Seriously. If anyone would hate this kind of thing it is me. I do not think that the vast majority of modern art is art. I feel the same way about avant garde theater.  But this was EPIC. Why? 1) It helps you recapture your childhood. The primary point is to just EXPLORE and touch whatever you want, in a dark, trippy place unlike anywhere you've ever been. Have you ever wanted to touch everything in a museum? Now you can. 2) What do you get to play with? A badass set that is absurdly detailed. Tons of 1930s books, carefully created stationary that setups the mystery, surprising locales that I don't want to ruin. 3) Oh yeah and there's acting. It is odd, sexual,and strange but totally fits with the experience. 4) You have to wear a mask and can't talk while in the show. This is great because it forces you to truly concentrate on the sounds and sensations, it also lends a wonderfully creepy vibe to walking around a dark place with ominous music. 5) If someone takes your hand, let them. It will lead to one hell of a story!
Interesting
I give only a 3 star rating for this experience because it can get very crowded if you don't get there from the start (around 7). A guest attending the play can get very annoying by trying to be the first to see a scene or follow an actor everywhere, imagine this multiplied by 30 or more. In any case, I recommend trying this if you have the budget, it is a very original experience. I guess it wont to hurt to get familiar to Shakespeare's play before doing this in order to understand more (Macbeth mainly). I think a good strategy is to schedule during the week, go early and try to follow 1 actor until the end and then another one (the play lasts 1 hour as I've heard and then it repeats 2 times); so in 3 hours you could see it at least 2 times by following 2 different characters and also exploring the rooms by yourself. This is a theory that I did not put in practice. I just explored rooms and randomly followed different actors. The experience is more interesting if you explore on your own without boyfriend or friends. I heard some one saying that you can take pieces of decor - don't. It is part of the decoration so don't steal it because it has a meaning.
I was a little disappointed by this show - it relies to heavily on the element of surprise, sudden intense movements and mime left to mystery but tbh, there really isn't much of a story line. I most enjoyed the beautiful sets, I think the bar was fun, people were nice, but the show itself seemed pointless. Their tactic of making you feel like you missed something your friends saw so you come back just seems that - a marketing tactic.
Warning: you must be able to run to keep up with some of the characters and do not go if you are religious because it may freak you out! My husband and I separated to have different experiences I suggest you do the same with your group. If you are able to get the early show do it. The crowed just gets larger as the night goes on. We most certainly would not have gotten the one on one experiences with a few of the actors if we had gone to the later show. At the end of the night when we went back to our place to talk about all the crazy things we had seen and we really had two COMPLETELY different experiences! Again if you are freaked out by religious references this may not be for you, but if you are openminded and ready to explore and interact this is a once in a lifetime experience! It was breathtaking in every sence!
We went as a team building function. Interesting concept. Luckily I was forced to attend shakesphere class as a child so I followed really well. We had to wait awhile to get tickets. Worth the experience. Hard to describe without giving plot away. If you are flexible and have an open mind you will definitely enjoy this.
Really different from the average show. The show is really interactive. The actors talk to you, even dance with you. The show is really worth every penny. I recommend this show to anybody looking for a different experience.
FANTASTIC!  Must be ready to climb stairs, walk and sometimes jog a little to keep up with the characters!  It is like walking through a haunted house that people are acting out scenes in.  You are ignored unless they have to push you out of their way and you become a voyeur that hides behind a mask.  Beware there is nudity.  It is the coolest experience apart from pregnancy that I have ever had.  I saw it once in Boston and loved it so much that when it came to New York I saw it 3 nights in a row.  SO WORTH IT!
Bizarre, disorienting, unique, and fun!  The sets are cool, the actors are terrific, the staff is wonderful!  (Thanks, Dominick, for taking such good care of us.). A few notes:  the play makes no sense -- just go with the flow;  wear comfortable shoes;  it is HOT in there; get there on time, because they let you start exploring almost right away; you will probably get separated from your friends -- it is very hard to stick together; follow Lady MacBeth to see the best action; make sure you find the ballroom because several key scenes happen in there, including the end of the show.  Also, take note that there are a few scenes with full nudity, male and female. I missed some of that because I was following different actors at the time, but I heard about it from my husband. Not handicap accessible -- there is an elevator, but the actors run up and down stairs unexpectedly. Last note, in good weather, make sure you hit their bar, Green Gallow. They also have a restaurant called the Heath, but we didn't eat there.
There are really no words to describe this event. Just go and see it- it's worth the price of the ticket. some advice: Be familiar with Shakespear's Macbeth or watch Rebecca. Bring ear plugs to place on the bridge of your nose- the mask is not very ergonomic. Wear comfortable shoes. You will be standing for 3 hours and walking, running and climbing stairs the entire time. Follow Macbeth and Lady Macbeth. They are the man characters. Be agressive to keep up with them as the story waits for no one.   Also follow side characters. They each have small stories and these side characters can take you to new parts of the massive set. Wear something that can get dirty. (I got fake blood on my shirt.)   And be open to experiencing the environment. Not the best show for people afraid of the dark, or people who have anxiety, as it gets crowded and pushing and bumping is inevitable.   Still a really cool experience. Glad I went
The pros: -great set design and music -unique experience -it is entirely possible to be in half sprint for most of the time The cons: -waaaaay too crowded which partially ruins the experience, there were all these large sized people in front of me slowing me down, maybe I just am more of a thrill seeker -not enough inteaction and immersion with characters and th set in my opinion -you must know Macbeth (thankfully i did) This was just ok for me, I guess I just expected even more interaction and more scariness, some of it bordered on cheese horror film for me. That being said don't waste your money if you are too shy to approach actors, don't hold your gf/bf's hand the whole time (that is utterly lame and defeats the entire purpose), don't wear you high heels / nice clothes, do mess around with the props in the room these actors are good and will change their movements to get props in the right place so that they can complete their scenes, it's pretty cool to know you were part of that at times.
Explore the hotel alone for the best experience. Live scenes are played out in real-time throughout the night, so make sure you stick with a character you're intrigued by - then compare stories with others when its over. If you're lucky an actor may even single you from the crowd to be part of their world for a moment. Some even bring you into rooms alone to experience a scene behind closed doors. The entire experience was wonderful and unique. I'd definitely return if it weren't for being an out-of-town visitor, especially to try and fill in the gaps with scenes I missed the first time around.
Definitely a unique experience, but I was hoping for a more cohesive "play" experience rather than watching disjointed scenes that I couldn't put together. Then again, I didn't follow tip #5 below and the only thing I remember about Macbeth was that there were witches in it. The decor and ambiance were amazing, though. Tips... 1) not for the faint of heart, if you are claustrophobic or prudish or afraid of the dark 2) wear comfortable shoes 3) if you hear rave music, go to it, this scene is intense 4) if you find the candy store, grab and munch 5) if you want to follow a story, follow a character (but others have said that it can get crowded trying to do this) 6) you can go through items, open drawers, etc 7) eat dinner before you go
This is an experimental piece that immerses the public in a visceral and macabre play. It is visually stunning and the actors are superb athletes. There is dancing, as well as fight scenes were bodies are thrown and trashed. Be sure to wear comfortable shoes and try to follow a couple of major actors through the 100 staged rooms. You will be able to rummage through the room's clues when you have lost whom you were following. I loved Sleep No More and would see it again and again.
I'm going to try and be as fair as I can with this post. I'll try not to divulge secrets as well, I want those who are reading this to have a good time if you go! I went into this experience expecting a lot. I had read up on Sleep No More as much as possible prior to the event and I was extremely excited (and so nervous! I had never done anything like this before). First the good. The actors/actresses are amazing at what they do. They are excellent at portraying their characters and did a wonderful job painting a picture of their part in the play. The decor was beautiful yet so haunting/frightening. But once you get over the fact that nobody's going to pop out from behind a gravestone to scare the crap out of you, then you feel more free to explore. Some advice..... 1) Explore but if this is your first experience FOLLOW THE MAIN CHARACTERS. I didn't do this and I ended up missing a LOT of the main scenes so I was disappointed. I tended to run after whoever I saw which is interesting but... I would've liked to have seen more of the main plot line, so I was sad. Two of the most interesting people to follow are Lady Macbeth and Macbeth. 2) Wear comfortable shoes. You will be running up and down the stairs, especially if you heed the advice above. Also, make sure to not wear your best shoes, the scenes they make in the hotel could possibly include dirt. 3) Wear shorts/skirt, omfg it gets hot in there. 4) Ditch your friends. It's more fun as a solo experience since you don't have to worry about what someone else wants to see/do. Run after who you want, do what you want. Don't let your experience be guided by someone other than you. 5) It helps to do a little reading on Macbeth and Rebecca but it's not necessary because you'll be confused no matter what. 6) Apparently the floor numbers are by the stairs. I didn't know that and got hopelessly lost. 7) Characters are always running up and down the stairs so if you lose someone, that's a good place to find them again :) 8) Don't be scared, you're here to have fun. That's all. For me personally, I liked the actual event and I wish I would've had more time to really follow the main characters more. What I disliked was that I really had no cue to follow... I didn't know where I should be to see what I wanted to see.... I didn't know where the characters would be, etc. etc. But I understand that that was part of the exploration aspect and it makes the play more interesting so I won't take away any stars based on that. I also disliked the non-actors/actresses. People can be so rude! I understand if you're trying to move past me to get by buy SHOVING IS STILL CONSIDERED RUDE. Unfortunately, there will always be huge crowds around the main characters and I wish they could put a lower limit on the amount of people they let in.... Lastly, IF YOU'RE TALL, BE COURTEOUS TO THE SHORT PEOPLE. I mean seriously, there was 6' tall dude blocking all the short people. what the frick mannnnn. Unfortunately, I felt as though the other spectators really ruined this experience for me -_- I do highly recommend this experience as it was very unique. Go and enjoy!
Went for my second visit to Sleep No More, which included a "Secret Dinner Party" at the rooftop restaurant (food was AMAZING). The show was just as good, and it was nice to have the opportunity to see many of the scenes I had missed the first time around. However, this time around the show was sold out, and I thought audience members were really rude and agressive. Since people have researched spoilers, they chase after actors in mobs and swarms hoping they'll be picked for a personalized scene, and it sort of ruins the experience for everyone else. I actually got pushed and shoved by other people in masks. I definitely stand my my original review; I love this show, I think it is amazing. But I encourage you to just take your time and explore and avoid the crowds, (and like, not be an asshole) because you might stumble upon something better and more intimate anyways =]
Went here the other night and had a great time!  Highly recommend it!  The trick for your first visit is to always follow a character around. Some people will tell you to rummage through drawers and books, but honestly, I did that for the first 20 minutes and got a bit bored.  If you follow characters around, they move you through the story. Don't forget that you can always make a pit stop at the bar for a drink along the way.  Can't wait to go back and follow some other story lines.
Went with my wife and a group of friends. We walked from scene to scene alone for 2 hours and still didn't see them all. If you can read the list of scenes or better yet, review Macbeth before the show it's better. The food at The Heath is excellent with live jazz band and 1920's glam all around. The rooftop bar has excellent mixologist but it gets super crowded so be patient. Anyway, see the show. It's worth the money.
The tickets are certainly a bit on the steep side, but once you find yourself immersed in the environment you'll quickly understand where your dollars went. It's fully interactive in the most physical sense and the less you know about it the more fun the exploration and adventure of it is. Depending on which actor you decide to follow around you'll probably experience something a little different than anyone else. Each person's viewing will be different, especially if you explore and split up from those you came with. The pitch from the elevator attendent is correct, it definitely awards those that are bold. Unfortunately some people took this a little too literally, with some fellow "audience" members full on sprinting down some of the actors and attempting to knock down locked doors. Tsk Tsk. Behave yourself and you'll have a great time. If you're lucky, there are instances where actor's may interact with you and take you on an individual performance. One thing my friends and I noticed is that the performances definitely repeat, so if you plan to spend your entire evening there you can definitely catch *almost* everything by methodically traversing the rooms once you get familiar with the layout. This is an experience that pushes the boundaries of live interactive art and performance and should be appreciated for its innovation. PS. There's plenty of full frontal nudity for both the males and females, so probably not suited for kids. Actually I don't even think you can be admitted without being of age.
Excellent show.  Yes, you have to wear a mask, no, you can't talk.  Get over it.  The show doesn't need any lines, but there are at least some.  The previous reviews pretty much are spot on, except for the temperature issue ... I am very sensitive to heat, I would sweat at the South Pole.  The temperature was rather cool, in a 100 degree heat wave.  Yes the mask makes you sweat, but not that much, I've worn masks before for masquerades and such and this mask is rather good. It's worth it to take five minutes and Google the Macbeth plot, it helps you follow. Now, what to wear and how to behave - ladies, PLEASE wear sensible shoes.  We're racing (yes, running, not an exaggeration) to follow the actors, and you're tottering around in your stupid wedges.  C'mon. You shouldn't stick with your friends or sweetheart - it's much better to compare notes at the bar after the show.  If you travel solo, you're much more mobile (it helps a lot), and the actors interact with you more.  If you're too busy pointing things out, looking around for your friends, or annoyingly holding hands while you block those behind you, don't be surprised if you get left behind. Finally, you're not going to see everything.  I don't think it's possible, and that's OK. In the end, it was worth the ticket price, which wasn't cheap, but the show brings it - go see for yourself.
This is not for everyone.  I can see how some will love it and others will hate it.  It's what you make of it. We were the first group to walk in.. through the completely dark maze entrance.  As someone who is easily startled, I found this terrifying!  Once we entered the bar, I was relieved to have a few drinks before the show started. I know you are encouraged to roam around alone vs sticking with your group.  I did not do this and I do not regret it.  Experiencing everything with someone can be just as, if not more,  meaningful and enjoyable. There has been enough written about this for you to figure out your approach and strategy to the play.  A word of advice, don't be afraid to really look at or examine the props.  Get close to the actors but also give them the space they need to move around.  You must stay for the live jazz music at the bar.  Stella Sinclair was amazing!  Also, the rooftop bar  is also a must see with great views of the city.
One of my best theatre experiences. The whole thing was ingenious and truly an unique experience. Totally messing with my mind, but loved every moment of it. The secret is to go slightly intoxicated, don't overanalyze the plot, you will not solve it. And just allow yourself to be guided from room to room. The acting was incredible, I attempted to distract the actors, but they were extremely professional. After awhile you will feel like all the viewers are a part of the cast. The mask took away individuality and plays a huge part in the success of the show. LOVED IT!!!
Sleep no more will definitely be an experience like none other, whether you like it or not. While it feels creepy, especially at first it isn't actually scary. I was bored for the first hour while I just explored but the real action starts when you see the actors. I wasn't motivated to always follow them, many people were running. It doesn't feel like a play but more of a fun house for adults complete with masked people, nudity and blood. Yes, think Eyes Wide Shut...
Next level stuff people. I want to know how someone came up with this crap. I wanted to be 100% surprised with the experience but about three hours before my Sleep No More reservation I lost my phone at the Mermaid Inn. The couple who found my phone had ironically just gone to the show. They insisted on telling me that I needed to read the Clift notes on Macbeth and to follow an actor. My friends who did not do the above tid bits of advice left Sleep No More annoyed and under impressed. I followed the advice and I actually felt blow away. I think you would be lost and confused if you don't do the basic of following my new friends hints. I had a wonderful time. Wish I got to see any orgy, as I was told would happen. Guess my creepy ass will have to go again. Sharon
Best friggin live performance!  Best friggin idea!  Best friggin everything!  I can not WAIT to go again! Tip: Best experienced when you've had a couple.  And when I say "a couple", I mean a couple glasses of anything.
Wicked good fun!  It's as if you're part of a mysterious gathering out of Eyes Wide Shut, featuring characters from MacBeth and music and timing from Hitchock.  Brilliant.  You enter an environment that is 6 floors and very much choose your own adventure, yet still highly scripted.  There are orgasmic climaxes, dancing, murder, collusion, flirting, head trips, and free candy all to a pounding and gratingly sinister soundtrack. I highly recommend it.  And Suggest NOT reading the reviews here as it will take some of the magic out of it.
It was expensive, but it's just one of those things you feel like you have to do living in NYC. I'm also a huge fan of the era the 'story' is set in. And I love the idea of a sort of choose your own adventure theatrical experience, with essentially no boundries. Boundries have always been the bain of my existence, so the second I got off of the elevator the little demon child inside me came out. I felt slightly drunk with the potential to interact with the space and 'actors' in it. Blame it on the absinthe but my first instinct was the check to see if the massive water hose system was live. Thankfully it was not. Beacuse that would've definitely been a one way ticket right out of there. That initial excitement fairly quickly subsided when I realized what a mess it was trying to follow the actors. Just hordes of poeple crowding around them. It felt very weird, and I decided to instead just explore the increidbly nuanced set. Rifiling through all of the papers and books made it feel like I was uncovering hiddne story lines. It also really seemed like each object there was placed for some reason and I did sort of enjoy slightly modifiying the arranagment of the space. (I found out afterwards from a friend who saw me that there was couple following behind me and replacing everything that I had touched, not sure what that was about, but I had a good chuckle at their thought process on that). There are 5 plus floors to explore, so I can see why people go multiple times. It's just hard to take it all in at once. Plus, each time is sure to be a new expereince. I'd love to go someitme when it's not soooo crowded, but I doubt that'll ever happen. I also have a hunch for the psychonauts out there, this could be a very interesting entheogenic expereince, if you know what I mean. All in all, I'm glad I decided on lark to do this, and may even consider doing it again if the right cirucmstances arise.
It was just okay. I left confused but entertained enough to consider my Friday night satisfactory. Pros: 1) Cool sets- wandered for over an hour just discovering different rooms, floors, props. Really neat stuff, enjoyed less-crowded places, kinda creepy/mystical, etc. 2) The acting that I saw was done well. Dancing and athleticism were impressive. 3) The masks adds an element of mystery, you feel strangely secure and part of something bigger. Cons: 1) Some of the rooms were very stuffy and dusty. There are no bathrooms and water fountains that I saw- I think you have to go to the main bar area for that. I was quite dehydrated and sweaty under the mask. 2) Too crowded. Whenever there were actors, people would crowd around and it was difficult to see. Crowds would run after actors so you would lose hem quite easily. I am sure I missed a few scenes, as the acting took place at random. 3) No plot. I wouldn't call this a play. I don't think anyone really understood what was going on. Also, I didn't really see a whole lot of "Macbeth" in this production nor did I find the characters familiar. Conclusion: Save your money and go to Scores across the street. Just saying.
FIVE STARS! Yes, that's right I gave it five stars because I simply had fun. I didn't over critic this experience because I didn't know what to expect from it. I read no reviews or went to any forums to bone up on knowledge. With that said this is what I have to say. 'Sleep no more' is based on the Shakespeare's Macbeth, and I forewarn if you couldn't keep an eye open during your English Literature class , then most likely you'll regret seeing this. BUT, be courageous, be bold and enjoy because it's not all about the work of Macbeth, and this is no regular sit down and shut up type theatre. You begin with instructions of how to proceed through the building, which is be silent, observe , and if you get lonely find some company on the second floor. WINK WINK! There is next to no dialogue and more of interpretation. Tons of walking up and down back and forth through five floors. The performers are intense in their craft, and won't break for anything including patrons in the way. The scenes are performed at least three times, if anything two times within the 3 hours that you are inside. I found myself away from my partner after the first hour because we wanted to see different things at our own pace--- which was the best thing because we doubled on our knowledge. We were able to cover all the floors, but still missed some of the rooms. I found myself following all the female performers and missed a couple of the male performers. All of them were intense in their performances, and I found the patrons to be an addition to the experience. I observed that with the masks that are given in the beginning allowed all of us to tap into our inner voyeur, not something a person likes to admit but still found to be true. At times, there was only a handful of us watching one performer as opposed to the fifty plus watching the more elaborate scenes. Basically, it felt like a noir mixture of the shining AND Macbeth with a little on the side to see what happened beyond the story of Macbeth--- and I loved it! So, as said by many others: wear comfortable shoes, wear a watch, and make the most out of the $90 bucks. And try not to be too upset if you miss something, or don't understand because I sure didn't and happy regardless.
An evening's entertainment unlike any I have ever attended. This is no theater where you sit in a seat and watch the stage. You are up, moving and running, climbing stairs, following actors. Very little dialogue. It's all about the movement and the interactions with the other characters- weather in dance or death. When first let off the elevator I found myself in total darkness, and terrified. I walked out of darkness into a graveyard and there was not a living soul in site. And so began this exhilarating evening. If I understand correctly it is presented 3 times during the eve so you have a chance to see it again through a different perspective. By the third go I was tired of being trampled and pushed (I am a little person) so I found myself a great spot to view the center banquet hall which was always in action with people passing through so a perfect way to watch it come together. It's long. We were there a good 3 hours. And it gets warm under the masks with all the activity. So dress comfortable and in walking shoes.
I can see how different people might have different reactions to this show.  It might have something to do with your tolerance for ambiguity.  This is not a 'play' in the traditional sense, as I'm sure you've gathered, and you most likely will not see any sort of linear story.  I don't actually think you need to know anything about Macbeth to enjoy the experience, either. Even a year later, I still have vivid memories and occasional dreams about things that happened during the show.  There is something really unique about it. *I saw this a year ago, so can't speak to overcrowding that people mention in recent performances.
This is the most fun Ive had in ages. I hope to do it again before it ends. I highly recommend it everyone who likes fun and adventure.
Sleep No More.... Well.... There was a point when I actually contemplated sleeping on a any one of the various beds or couches within the hotel during my experience in an effort to reach the end.... I cannot deny the level of detail and artistry that is so integrally crafted and cared for however, the major fault was in the size of the audience allowed at one time... that really ruined it for me. I couldn't accomplish following an actor, seeing a majority of their mysterious scenes or "get into it" because I was either being trampled by hoards of people attempting the same thing or too short to see over the tops of their heads. I failed at various attempts to connect, hoping patience would prevail, yet it was as if, stuck in some episode of American Horror Story, you witness ghosts who say nothing, do nothing and disappear, leaving you with little to mentally chew on. Again, I appreciate the depth of scenery and talent of its actors but I do not believe my experience was worth the price of the ticket.
I am an avid theater goer and couldn't be more impressed with Sleep No More. The only way someone wouldn't like this is if they have no imagination, like to be spoon-fed their entertainment or are completely self conscious. If that sounds like you,  then stay home and watch reruns of Seinfeld. From the moment we entered, the staff prepare you for something different. You can make this experience anything you want - explore the place as if it's your own little world, go where you want, follow the characters. The performers are fantastic. I've never considered myself interested in dance but the richness of the performances have converted me. We're already trying to see if we can come back again before it closes. Simply incredible!
This is awesome. Go. Go now. I'm going again.
After reading rave reviews of the performance in NY Mag and on podcasts, my friends and I decided to check this piece of immersive theater out together. This was a very unique performance and I'm glad we went! Here are some tips: - pricing is dramatically different depending on day and time you go. Mon - Wed: $80 Thurs: $90 Fri & Sun: $100 Sat: $110 - You reserve tickets to go in at 15 minute intervals. The performances inside are ongoing and finish up at 10:30pm (at least, on Wednesdays). You can stay as long as you'd like (until closing). - If you purchase your tickets online, there's a $6/ticket surcharge. You can also pre-purchase tickets AT the McKittrick hotel, but they're only open in the evening during the performances, or you can buy tickets at the Heath (the affiliated restaurant) during their open hours (also in the evenings). - you MUST check your coat and bag for $4 per person. We gamed the system by stuffing our purses and jackets into hubby's backpack so we could all share one coat/bag check, haha. It's also really warm inside the theater so wear a light t-shirt. - There is nudity! Be aware if you're squeamish or are planning on getting tickets for your parents as a gift. SPOILER ALERT (stop reading if you want to be completely surprised). I'm not a big fan of surprises so I did really extensive research of other yelp reviews. Here's a breakdown of all the information I found helpful. - The performance is based on Shakespeare's "Macbeth." Read over the story on Wikipedia before you head out and I think you'll enjoy the performances more. I read the synopsis beforehand and I don't think it took anything away from the evening at all. It's not a straight up re-telling of Macbeth so there's lots to see. - They will attempt to split you up from whomever you went to the performance with. When you check in you each get a different playing card. Then they call different cards to enter the performance. - After you receive your playing card, you go through a long, pitch black walkway/stairs to a lounge with live music. Don't buy anything to drink because they'll quickly call you into the performance and you can't bring your $14 cocktail inside. - There are 5 floors. After everyone with your playing card is called, you receive identical masks. Don't freak out about it being dirty - they don't re-use them. You get to keep it afterwards as a souvenir. Then you pile into a creepy elevator and go to the top floor. They let out ONE person. If you are easily scared, make sure this is not you. Then they let out about half of the elevator on floor 4, and the rest on floor 3. I have no idea what was on floor six because people in black masks won't let you up. - Since the performances are ongoing throughout 5 floors, wear some comfortable shoes because you walk a lot. There are also a lot of chairs (also beds) so you can also rest, haha. - With the title "Sleep No More," I was worried this would be like a haunted house. It's not. No one is out to scare you. I thought I wouldn't want to split up from hubby but once I was inside I realized it'd be a lot more fun to be able to go off and explore what intrigued me, rather than sticking with him the whole night. - Each performance lasts 1 hour, beginning on the half hour (7:30, 8:30, 9:30, etc). This is key because you know at the beginning of each performance to go to one of the top floors because the characters start out there and slowly make their way down to the first floor for the last scene (a really cool feast that happens at 20 min past and lasts about 10 minutes). - People recommend that you follow one character. You can do this, but I didn't because I got kind of bored with some of them. I think it's better to spend your time in different sections of the hotel. - Try to be around when Macbeth murders Duncan (underneath the tented bed). It's intense. - Even more intense: the 3 witches in some sort of bloody orgy. It occurs at about 10 after the hour on one of the upper floors. It's a big scene so the black masked folks will try to usher you into the (slightly hidden) room. - Have fun! Go out afterwards with your friends and piece together what everyone saw!
Sleep No More is an unforgettable and unique experience. I go a out twice a year and always look forward to it. The less you know going into it, the better, but I will say wear comfortable shoes, have a few drinks before hand, and try to get there as early as possible- you'll want all 3 hours to explore. The first time I went I was a bit confused by who the characters were, but after a little research I was fully prepared my second time around. I've been to SNM five times now and am looking forward to my next visit. Definitely check it out!
One of my best experiences.
This is one of the best experiences in NYC!!!! it's a totally different and exciting play, that has u running around and exploring for the whole three hours.... Loved it, and everyone i know that did it loved it....
I found this to be a truly unusual and absorbing evening.  The sets are fantastic, the action loosely follows themes and scenes from MacBeth wtih some Hitchcock thrown in.  I do strongly recommend doing this alone or splitting up if you go with a group or other person.   I went twice, once earlier in the run and again recently.  I have to say this is more engaging if there are fewer audience members--the show may be a victim of its own popularity.   The first time I went the audience was large but spread out, and were a rather interesting frame for the action going on.  The second time, well,  the crowd  was very large,  insisted on staying together and moved like a herd of wildebeast following actors, which detracted a bit  from the experience.  Audience members can also be extremely rude and pushy, so don't think that a good location to view a scene will stay that way--someone will plow by you at some point.   Try to get a feel for the space (all 5 floors) and move through it at your own pace, cycling through two or three times if you can to see as much as possible, you'll run across scenes as you go without having to mow anyone down in the process. Wear comfortable clothing, flat shoes, keep moving, and do not bring your elderly mum.  ( I saw one very distressed lady trying to catch her breath with limited success).   Follow the limited rules - keep your mouth shut and your mask on, and use a little common sense, i.e. don't try to climb in bed with the MacBeths.   If you need a break, go to the 2nd floor bar, or there are small bathrooms along a hall on the "hospital" floor (5th) where you can adjust your mask or throw a little cold water on your face. Bottom line, 5 stars for the set and performance and one star for the gallumphing, giggling, audience.
Awesome, probably the coolest show I've been to. you feel like you're in a 60s haunted hotel and are free to explore.  the sets are incredible. I also recommend the absinthe shots when you walk in.
i loved the boston version of this and went 4 or 5 times. i was so excited to go to the nyc version since i heard it was bigger....but bigger doesn't always equal better. my husband and i were split into two groups, which was fine, but it was just...kind of boring, which i think is solely because i found the boston run so much more engaging (and half the price) the sets are gorgeous, the actors are great, the crowd was kind of meh as they seemed more interested in gaming it or finding the good stuff vs just letting themselves be enveloped by the experience. i will probably go back at some point to see if i was just in a bad headspace (it's been a rough few months and i'm pretty detached from the world) but i just didn't love it. it felt like there was a lot of wasted space and a lot of intentional misdirections to get you lost. again this kills me because i -adored- the boston version so mucn
6 stars if possible. My wife and I see tons of theatre, mostly off and off off broadway and small black box productions in various cities.  We originally saw this in Boston. I liked the Boston production, but needed to see it a second time.  Fortunately we did see it again in NY, and were lucky to go to private performance with only about 30 other people.  This SNM is one of the most unforgettable performances we have ever seen. I still get hypnotic when I think about the amazing set, acting and directing of this performance. There may never be anything like this again.  Go with an open mind and a sense of adventure.  If you read Macbeth, you are in the story.
it is something different.!!! i love the concept n  all great actors,
Please No More!!! Maybe I'm not enlightened enough to think this is amazing, but I woke up sad this morning knowing that I'll never get back the two hours we spent in this wacky place. It was a series of interpretive dancing, fighting, and a little bit of erotica. Its all done in silence. We left early. If your a huge Macbeth fan, and appreciate dramatic theatrical movement, you'll like this. The coat check girls were a bit snotty. I set my full drink down on the bar to get something out of my purse and a bartender took it. When I asked him to give it back, he said, "Well, don't set your drink down!"
I don't want to spoil anything but a lot of the reviews get it right.  Watch this show but before you do remember to 1) dress comfortably, there will be some stair climbing, running, etc 2) read a quick synopsis of macbeth 3) try to buy tickets for a weekday show, less crowded during the show 3) try to find and follow macbeth 4) be aggressive in following your characters 5) dont be afraid to touch the props, just remmeber to put them back where you find them.
One of the best shows I've seen so far in NYC! If you're a Shakespeare fan or into Hitchcock films, you would totally enjoy this. "Sleep No More" is loosely based on Macbeth, and has that film noir feel to it. If you've read the book or seen the movie "Rebecca", some characters and references are taken from that as well. These tickets were selling like hotcakes! My friends and I managed to purchase a few weeks in advance. Weds evening at 7:30pm, and I was already psyched a few days prior. Needless to say, after the show ended in approximately 2 hours, my mind was blown...Mind-gasm? When you first walk in, you're inside the hotel Mckittrick bar. We all ordered a drink of Absinthe punch, just to loosen some nerves as we sit and waited to embark in our journey. In our hand, we held a playing card (was given at check-in) this mysterious man appeared on the bar stage announcing card numbers. We then proceeded to line up in the back, where a group of us were led into a room and handed Venetian masks. They cannot be taken off, nor can we talk under any circumstances on the condition of anonymity. For all I know a celebrity could standing right next to me and we wouldn't know it. The time went by so fast, because I was so fixated with following the characters around to different rooms, exploring the unknown, while trying to grasp the meaning of things in this otherworldly realm. I totally recommend anyone to see this as it's definitely a once in a lifetime experience. Just be sure to go in with an open mind. Don't be afraid to explore to your hearts content, play detective, rummage through drawers, follow a character closely, or multiple characters. The more curious you are, the more things you find that will come into perspective for you. My friend and I found a candy shop room, and we went back twice for more candy (and yes the candy are edible) We pigged out on the Lemon drops! Anyone without a mask is a character from the show. If you're brave enough, get close to them, and they could possibly lead you down a dark hallway, a secret room, closet, or give you certain objects. I would love to see this show again! We get to keep the masks as a souvenir :) Since you will be walking A LOT (we're talking about 5 floors and over 50+ rooms) be sure to wear comfortable shoes! Other than that, have fun and enjoy!
I truly admire the actors' stamina. They are able to act out the plot three to four times a night in an endless cycle while running from room to room and floor to floor with the audience hot in pursue, which is very impressive. For the audience, comfortable shoes are recommended for the long time standing and sprints. It's better to figure out which actor is Macbeth or Lady Macbeth from the beginning as they are the characters with the most action and story in Sleep No More. The play is on rerun so you can follow other characters on the next round. Our group was split up pretty soon after it started and my friends ended up watching a nun pray for ten minutes. So choose wisely. There is so much to discover in this immersive production. Yet, if you're tired from chasing after the actors all night, it's not bad to conclude your night by going back to the bar where you started for some drinks along with the enjoyable vocals on the stage.
Yes, you gotta hustle to follow the actors.  Yes, people suck and are slow as molasses.  Yes, if you're a Seinfeld fan, you will elicit memories of George pushing down elderly women to get the people the eff out of the way.  Oh, Costanza, you do it right in life. When the story seemed to loop, I followed different actors and the experience was different from my first.  The choose your own adventure concept is great, and your experience is what you make of it. You have to keep your eyes open at all times for the different actors hanging out in the shadows so that you can find them and follow their lanky selves.   Re-reading the story of MacBeth will definitely help.  I haven't read it since high school, so I just found all the scenes fun and funny. As for me: I had candy given to me by the shopkeep.  I got a plastic amulet to protect myself.  And I watched a private light fight with two men.  I also saw full frontal female nudity as she washed herself in a claw-footed tub.  Apparently I missed a witchy orgy and the ballroom dance, so apparently there's still so much more to see despite romping around the beautifully decorated hotel for nearly 3 hours.   A wonderful, unique, haunting experience.
I'm glad I had this experience. The scale of the show is impressive, as you move through 3 floors and dozens of rooms. However, I found the choreography repetitious after seeing the same fight-embrace-slap-hug over again. That being said, it is an unique, if not totally successful experience, especially if you go on a cheap night (Tuesday) Here's what  I wish I knew before hand: 1) Get there early as possible so you can get into the environment as soon as possible. 2) Wear comfortable shoes. 3) Don't wear glasses. Wear your contacts. You have to wear a mask the whole time, so glasses are a hassle. 4) Explore the rooms, but don't bother poking through all the drawers and books. I thought they would yield secrets and clues about the characters, but didn't. I wish I had spent that time following characters. 5) One option in experiencing the show is to follow a character as they move from room to room. I would have done this more, especially with the "MacBeth" character. 6) When it seems like the performance is about over (the Black Mask helpers will block stairwells and doors) head to the Ballroom, where the final scene takes place. I wish I had gotten there sooner. 7) Realize there is no wrong way to do this. Just follow your instinct and desires.
This experience is what you make of it. I really enjoyed the show, but I also really enjoyed reading all the negative reviews, because they are true (and hilarious). There really isn't a plot, there is essentially no talking, and it most likely won't make sense. So if those things prevent you from having a good time, don't go, you won't like it. The reason I went and liked it is because it was a unique theatrical experience, the production value was great (and the set is very elaborate), and I love dance performances (and a lot of this is really just choreographed dancing). Things I didn't like: that mask. Man did I sweat in that mask. And also if there is such as a thing as too much nudity, this was it. I really did not expect to see so many lady bits and male bits, so that was a little off putting. Bonus for all the exercise you get from running around.
I noticed that most reviews focus on the performance/scavenger hunt aspect of SNM, which really is the meat and potatoes of the experience. But I hope you leave stomach for dessert, b/c the amazing jazz of Lola Baxter and the Django Conwick Trio is really a treat! I actually would go back just to hear them again. The intimate setting of the lounge (a setting Kubrick would approve of), just adds that extra je ne sais quoi quality to the whole thing.   Btw, if you're a horror movie/Kubrick/Hitchcock fan (like myself), you'll definitely enjoy uncovering all the film references.
First off, why are you reading this! Don't you want to be surprised? I won't put any spoilers, BUT a few things I would've liked to have known before going in to this wonderful experience. One, don't be afraid to split up with the people you came with. It makes for a WAY cooler experience. Follow the character or storyline you want to follow. You'll be happier at the end. Second, it's not scary. People don't jump out at you. One reviewer put it best, it's like you're walking in someone else's dream. You can touch anything. It's a BEAUTIFUL space. Everything is so intricate. Make sure to go to each floor! Also, *SPOILER*, follow the witches if you want to experience a strobe lightey, demon disco rave where a baby is sacrificed by dancing, naked people covered in blood. GET LOST IN THE MOMENT. Fortune definitely favors the bold for this experience, don't be scared.
Thirteen stars. I went into this not knowing what to expect, almost too much so, and did not regret it. Don't think about it and don't read up on it just book your tickets (the earlier showtime the better as the goodness lasts that much longer) and go. Stop, don't think. Do it. Now. Now here are some non-spoiler tips I wish I had ahead of time: Wear super casual clothes and comfortable shoes - this is interactive and you will be walking briskly a lot and there will be stairs. Don't eat ahead of time unless at the Heath - a full stomach is annoying. If you never read Macbeth - what high school did you go to? - do so ahead of time or at least a plot summary. Wander - don't stay in one place for too long. Go through all doors you can. And don't read spoilers ahead of time. Plenty of time to analyze what you experienced later.
This was definitely an interesting, artistic, dark, fabulous theatrical experience I won't forget.  Crowds of everyone wearing the same mask following actors around through elaborate scenes?  Fantastic. The GOOD The decor  were AMAZING.  Attention was paid to every single detail, and  it feels like you are in that time area and space.  "Outside" walking on gravel amongst trees one minute, in an insane asylum the next.   Some mind-blowing scenes.  Two huge ones.  The stuff going on in the room with loud music and the finale.  WOW.   So WHY SUBTRACT TWO STARS? 1)  Utter confusion.  I have a bit of a handle on Macbeth, but there were few moments when I felt like I knew what was going on.   2)  More artsy than engaging,  Very little speaking and music.  The performance was way more interpretive dance than acting.    A lot of tall bodies flinging themselves around why we all stand in masks, scratching our heads as to the meaning of it all.  Yes, sometimes the actors engage you.  But by "engage" that means look at you with wide eyes , touch your shoulder, or show you some little trinket and then run off.   I was admittedly bored for awhile.  Gathering around for scenes like that of  a man staring into space?   I do recommend seeing this. The overall experience and some scenes made this worth it.   Tips... NOT SUITABLE FOR MOST OLD PEOPLE  There's nudity.  There's running. WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES.  Even wedges aren't gonna fly. CHECK YOUR COAT   DRINK WATER BEFORE FOLLOW THE ACTORS AND ANY LOUD MUSIC ENJOY ARTISTIC EXPRESSION
A very surreal experience (and the decor just fits so well). I can't really add much more to what has already been said other than to reemphasize a few things: 1. Remember to take your credit card/cash out of your bag if you do check it in... The bar has decent drinks, good live music, and the waitresses are super nice. 2. It is HOT in there, especially if you try to keep up with the characters. 3. Wear comfortable clothes and shoes as you will be walking up and down the stairs quite a bit. 4. The story is very hard to follow, even if you are a Shakespeare scholar. There is hardly any dialogue and it is like getting thrown in the middle of someone's dream. The characters to repeat their parts a couple times though, so you should follow one person closely for extended periods then move onto another person instead of running around following the characters randomly. 5. If you stay close to the characters, you will be part of the show for a little bit. Would I go again? Probably, but not for 90 dollars... but everyone should go at least once. I hope they do extend it till Halloween, because that would be epic.
Hands down, one of the coolest experiences I've had in New York. My friend surprised me with tickets to this for my birthday (yeah, she's pretty awesome) and we arrived around 7:30. The wait was not bad at all; we were able to enter the theater around 7:45 upon which we were required to coat check and given a playing card as our "hotel key". (Note on the coat check - they don't let you hold your phone so if you want it for picture-taking purposes, make sure you wear something with pockets!) The building is dimly lit and really adds to the ambiance and spooky feeling of entering a different world. Everyone gathers first at the Mandalay Bar where there are already actors playing their roles and serving absinthe and other specialty cocktails, and then they call you into the show by the numbers on your card. They don't check the cards so if you're still a little apprehensive or in the middle of a drink, you can enter at any time with your friends. The show is nothing short of amazing. I of course got really confused because I didn't brush up on MacBeth as much as I would have liked, but that did not detract from the sheer beauty of the performances. There were times when I felt like I was missing out from something exciting since the character I was following wasn't doing much, but after I recapped the show with my friend, I realized I had actually seen a lot of very instrumental scenes. It's impressive how close you can get to the action during this show. The people in the black masks run it very well and are able to guide you so you even as close as you get, you don't get in the way. The masks make you feel almost invisible and it's a very surreal experience to feel them rush by you or even talk to and interact with you. I never thought I would be one to see shows multiple times, but I am already looking forward to the next time I get to go back. It's breathtaking and there is so much to explore (over 100 rooms, apparently?!)
First, I love new things. And if nothing else this deserves 4 stars just for priming my imagination. Second, the experience is definitely what you make of it so split up if you are in a group. Enjoy and explore. Meet later at the bar to talk about it and return into the hotel. Third, Touch... Its fun. Eat candy if you can find the candy room. Keep the mask, re-enact at home. Fourth, don't spoil too much for others. Yes follow characters when you want. But enjoy the set. My wife and I had a pretend party in one of the rooms (we found each other at random). Priceless.
Brilliant, creepy and fun. It was epic! Included a satanic ritual with a bloody orgy. Need a say more? My friends and I split up a few times and saw different scenes. It would be worth going again. And ladies, do wear comfortable shoes: lots of stairs and very dark.
Very interesting show, must go with an incredibly open mind and no preconceived notion of what to expect. It tests your patience, creativity, and senses. The Macbeth theme is played out extremely well but one does not need to be a Shakespeare fan to enjoy the show. The greatest part is that you make what you want of it, just follow the regulations and let yourself explore and enjoy the show.
It's super cool and interesting. Based on Macbeth, no talking once in the venue, explore room after room, follow an actor if you see one . Don't take off your mask everyone is anonymous. Really enjoyed this immersive trip into the world they created.
What an experience! I went last night with two friends and we split up to experience our own adventure, which made getting back together at the end of the night and reconstructing the play that much more fun. I saw several couples and groups of girls that ridiculously tried to hold on to each other and that's a waste of time. It's in everyone's best interest to see what they are drawn to, and follow the characters that appeal to them. I agree with prior reviewers that buying the book is a waste. If you prefer, like me, to add the whodunnit element, do brush up on Macbeth and follow the loud music, screams,and any characters that have blood on them. I started out following the Macbeth character because he walked into a room covered in blood and then followed Lady Macbeth (I didn't know who they were at first), then followed Macbeth again for the crazy orgy bloody techno room. Which I saw twice because I loved it so much the first time and looked for it a second time and found! They repeat their performances at least twice in the time you're there so if you miss something you can see it out of sequence. I also found the banquet hall scene twice, that was amazing as well. I was interested in some of the characters, others bored me so I stopped following. The most action oriented ones (in my opinion) are Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, the three witches and I hear pregnant Lady Macduff has a violent scene, but I alas only heard of it through my friends (part of the fun of separating, we can't be everywhere at once and there's a lot going on.) Anyway, Go and enjoy!
This is an absolute MUST-DO. If you haven't gone, you need to buy tickets now before they close on the 26th. It's pricey, but worth every single cent. Even if it's not your thing, give it a shot. Let me reiterate the aforementioned tips : 1. Brush up on Macbeth and at least Wiki all the other works mentioned on Yelp. Not necessary, but I was glad I did. 2. SPLIT UP! Trust. I can't stress this enough. Chances are, you'll eventually bump into each other anyway. If you MUST, don't be one of those people. Don't hold hands and cut people off because your friend is lagging behind. Don't talk, we can all hear you whisper. 3. Go early! If you enjoy it, time will FLY and you want to make sure you have enough time to explore. If you end up not liking it, you can always leave early. Which leads to my next tip... 4. Explore. I spent majority of my night following Lady Macbeth, who was awesome. My boyfriend didn't follow anyone and just wandered around the entire hotel and he ended up seeing a lot of cool shit that I didn't get to see. Try to do both. 5. Comfy shoes. Dress like it's summer outside, even if it's snowing. Find a place BEFORE the show to sit down and recover AFTER the show. The bar will get insanely crowded (if you stay til the end) and you'll want to leave. Fortune favors the bold, people.
Yeah yeah yeah the show was great.  I want to address a few things that I couldn't find much information about in reviews: 1) The issue with glasses is seriously overblown.  Yes, contacts would have been more comfortable, but wearing the mask over glasses is JUST FINE. 2) VIP tickets (aka Maximillian's list).  We had VIP tickets.  They're currently sold for a $60 premium, which I think is a little much -- I think they are worth about a $30-40 premium ($10 for free coat check, $20-30 for the line-skipping) and for $60 they really should include a drink ticket.  But they are nice. It was cold and pouring rain the day we went, so skipping the line outside the building was very very nice.  I had been a little unclear on whether "you may arrive at the bar at any time" VIP benefit means "you can enter the show at the earliest entry, regardless of the entry time you bought" but it apparently did mean that, we showed up at the first entry time and were able to get the first playing cards dealt and walk in, even though our entry time was the second one. 3) Bringing parents -- there weren't a lot of 50+ folks in attendance.  I brought my mom, who is in her 70s, and I was a little worried she might not like it because she doesn't like shows that are too "loud" (a category that in her estimation includes most Broadway musicals) or "weird".  But Sleep No More isn't loud and despite the avant garde presentation the content is reasonably accessible, especially if you like modern dance, which, as it happens, my mom does.  If you have serious physical impairments dealing with stairs or low light this show would not be a good fit, but most healthy older people should do just fine with it. 4) The scenery is creepy / spooky but there are no "jump scares" (nobody is going to jump out from behind a corner and go "boo" at you) so don't be afraid to explore. 5) Regarding the background material -- you should be familiar with Macbeth.  Macbeth doesn't just influence the general plotline, there are actually a number of allusions to small, easily-forgotten parts of the play, and you it's not that easy to figure out who the characters are (even though it's really important for understanding what the heck is happening) so if you haven't read it since school it's worth re-reading or re-watching. The show is also based on Hitchcock's film Rebecca.  If you haven't seen it, DO NOT do what I did, which is to read the Wikipedia entry on Rebecca.  You will totally spoil your experience of the movie, which has a mysterious plot with some twists and turns, and you will also fail to gain anything useful to help you appreciate the show, as most of the influence from Rebecca on Sleep No More is about the atmosphere, setting, and visual style, not the plot.  Just take the two hours of your life to sit down and watch Rebecca, it's a great movie anyway.
Voyeuristic. Dark. Thrilling. Interactive. Shocking. Tactile. Scary and non sequitur at times. Sweaty. Surprising.  Unlike anything I'd ever experienced.  Would've loved to lather/rinse/repeat several more times, but this has been sold out every other time I looked it up - and deservedly so.
"I fell asleep last night with the memory of your name on my lips" Thank you very much for incredible sexy spooky night! In love with all of your actors, especially with the witches! You made my Birthday-ny-visit really special!))) wish I will come back to stay at McKittrick at least one more time))) Ps. Hope Punchdrunk create Master and Margarita one day written by Bulgakov. :-* Pps. Wish we have "sleep no more" in Miami so I could go to the show every Friday :-D
So, I'm no theater expert (my favorite show is "9 to 5"), but this is the most beautiful and riveting thing I have ever seen. For anyone who is able to walk away from this production without feeling a little dazed and creeped-out, I am truly impressed.  A nod of the creepy birdmask to you.   I agree with the main tips that everyone has already stated: *Don't read too much about this show ahead of time. You only need to know the basics: this is immersive theater, you have to wear a mask,  you need to be able to move around quickly and you will see some scary, nightmarish things.  Also, I did not read MacBeth, and I still enjoyed the show without knowing exactly what was happening. *Dress comfortably; wear contacts instead of glasses, good shoes, not too warm clothes, and check your bag if you have one. *Don't be afraid to go it alone. I think that is the best way! * I got separated from the action several times and found that the best way to get back was to listen for a stampede of people following a character. I thought if I followed the sound of ominous music that I would be reunited with the pack, but that was not always the case. *Accept that you will probably not see it all. I was really PO'ed to find out after the fact that I had missed 2 entire floors (and unfortunately, probably the scariest parts of the show) and I immediately made a pact to return at a later date.  That's how they get you... *If you hate it and get really freaked out, it's easy to disengage.  I saw a few people just sitting and relaxing in some of the many empty,  beautiful rooms in the set.  Or you can also go wait in the bar. But honestly, there is no need! You ::probably:: won't be scarred for life. No more advice, except to say that you should go!  It has been one week since I saw the show and I have been obsessed with this thing ever since.
This is not a great play. This is an awesome experience. If you like David Lynch and film noir, this is right up your alley (however, if you do not, you'll probably not enjoy it very much). I've seen the play four times, and it's been awesome every time. The best parts are if you manage to get the actors to interact with you in private. At least some of the actors can choose to interact with visitors. I was dragged into a private room by one of the actors and that was very, very cool. If you're visiting, I'd recommend going there early so you can grab a drink beforehand in the 1920's bar, and do stay after to have more cocktails (I recommend St Germain and champagne) and listen to the jazz music.
The show is really great, but the arrangement is a bit messy and not well organised.
I love to do things that you can't just do anywhere and this was definitely one of those 'things'! I'm sure there are hundreds of reviews about what to do before, during, and after the show so I'll keep mine light. 1. Be brave and break away from your group and wander around by yourself.  I hung tight to my friends at first but "got lost" after 30 minutes aka darted off to follow a different actor / actress when my friends weren't paying attention.  I'm so glad I did that because at the end they told me they missed the insane orgy scene with boobies everywhere and (unfortunately) a naked man dancing while smeared with blood and wearing a Ram's head mask.  I mean, wouldn't you feel ripped off if you missed this? 2. Assuming you don't live too far away, walk home afterwards.  Everything that normally feels so hectic / crazy / bizarre about New York City felt very dull and muted while I digested the three hour experience.  I'm sure my brain had gone through intense sensory overload! Seriously go check this out.  It is such a great and unique experience!
Before I begin, I would like to say that all the negative reviews have something in common, no one took the initiative to create thier experience. The most important thing to know about Sleep No More is that it's the audience's job to discover all the secrets. When I first heard about this from my boyfriend it sounded pretty cool but I had no idea what I was in for. It really goes so far beyond any of your expectations. I don't want to spoil anything but I will note that if you want to have the most full experience, pick an actor/character and follow them. I chose to switch from character to character, and in between I would explore. Almost everything you touch has a secret. Every droor, every note, every box has something to discover. You can spend all night there and still not find all the rooms and hidden doors. Do note though if you're not one to run around a bit, travel up and down staircases or stand in a big crowd while watching a scene play out then this is not for you. There is also nudity every now and again, that is if you're following actors. My boyfriend had a completely different experience than I did, he chose to explore rather than follow characters, and he loved it because every so often an actor would run into a room that he's in, act out a scene and then run away again. The lighting is dim, you're placed in a mask, and at no point can you speak or use your cell phone so all your senses are heightened. If you're lucky enough to get noticed by an actor, they have thier way with you wether is grabbing you and throwing you into a room you had no idea was there, or taking you for a spin on the dance floor, there's a never ending list of all the possible things that can happen. It was awesome, and I plan to return within in the month.
This is an amazing interactive show based on MacBeth. One of the most unique experiences I've ever had. I would say it's worth the 100+ tickets. The theatrical performances, sets, and dances are extremely elaborate and really immerse you into the whole environment.   You can read up on MacBeth to get some idea of what's going on, but honestly, that probably wouldn't help you that much. You can choose an actor to follow, but given the pace and unpredictability they move at and the crowds of people following them, it's very easy to lose the actor you are following. My advice is to follow while you can, but split off and explore if you can't. Chances are you'll either run into another actor or even the same actor performing the scene again. So main thing is split up and explore. Some warnings: - You will have to wear a mask the entire time. - There is a part where they have intense use of strobe lights. Be careful if those affect your health. - Actors or staff might have to occasionally touch you as part of the scene or to direct you to certain areas. Don't be afraid and play along with the actors to get the most out of the experience. You may be able to get to see a special scene nobody else can see :) - No cellphones, purses, bags, etc. allowed. There's a coat check for $3. - You might have to run at some points and will be on your feet for the duration of the show, so wear comfy shoes.
As soon as we entered, it was very dark and the floors were uneven. If you have ANY vision problems whatsoever do not attend this event. I immediately left. While staff were pleasant, I was denied a refund. I was given the opportunity to go again (?) plus I live in Los Angeles. My friends who did go through said it was too crowded to see much of anything. My friend who wears glasses also had trouble seeing out of the mask. And, it is very expensive ($125!).    In fairness to the venue, I should have researched the experience (my friend wanted to go) and opted out from the very beginning. However, the lack of even a partial refund due to a physical problem is not a good customer service policy.   Dinner is also very expensive (my bill was $71 with tax/tip, but no liquor). Servers and assorted personnel were good.   I guess my taste runs more to ballet and musical theater. I sat in the bar waiting for my friends and being so frustrated wasting two hours in New York City when I could have been somewhere much more suited to my interests.  In summary, if you have any qualms about going to this event, don't do it.
Went last night and am a bit ambivalent about it.  The set was definitely phenomenal, but I felt like they were reaching for something that they never quite achieved.  It was a really cool concept, but the actuality of it didn't quite match up.   After the first hour, it felt like things were repeating themselves, with too much emphasis on the overtly sexual and somewhat sadistic interactions. You'll really need to check it out for yourself and draw your own conclusion, for me, I'm glad I went but don't feel the need for an encore performance.
All my reviews are super wordy. This one isn't, and for good reason. This is the biggest thing you should take away from this short and sweet review: This experience literally changed my life. Don't research it. I went without knowing a thing about it other than I had to run up and down some stairs and to wear comfortable shoes, contacts and don't bring a purse. I went into it knowing NOTHING. I came out of it a new person. I went a second time because one time is NOT enough. It blew my mind again. But in a different way from the first time. I know. I sound insane. But I just can't recommend this highly enough. Biggest tip? DO THIS ON YOUR OWN. Go with friends, but separate the moment you put that mask on. It is NOT an experience you can share. And, that means when you return to the Manderly Bar, you have so much to catch up on and talk about. Buy tickets. Hurry up. It's one million percent worth every penny. Promise me you won't give away anything in your review.
This was a dark, immersive experience.  You are not just watching a show, you are in the show; the actors are sometimes inches away, making this experience all the better.  When you enter, you have a decision to make: follow one actor and get their whole aspect of the story or explore on your own and see various actors encountering one another.  Both ideas have their merits.  On another note, it's easy to get lost in the plot.  Reading Macbeth would help, but its best to come here and not expect to follow the entire plot from beginning to end.   Pros: Incredible acting: From when you enter the building, all actors are in character as you feel that you are warped into a different era.  There is a strong level of depth and passion once you are masked and walking around the amazing sets.  Which reminds me... Attention to detail: the set pieces are meticulously designed.  Everything in that set has a purpose.  You can read handwritten notes to help fill in plot lines; you can find evidence of previous incidents which may be the secret cause of why an actor is doing something Unfortunately a couple cons: Practicality of following actors around: 3 hours is a long time to run up and down stairs.  By the end of the evening, I felt like Rocky running up the steps at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  I know its part of the adventure to explore the set, but a little less running would be nice.  Also tied with this... A lot of people: I know someone has to pay for the production, but with 400 people running around, its easy to get bumped, bruised and have your view blocked by a large crowd.  Not a major complaint Also, we were served warm champagne in the bar downstairs, as we entered before getting started.  Speaking of the bar, it was real authentic, and the two hosts down there put on a good show.  I would definitely consider seeing a show like this again.
This show is difficult to review objectively - if that is ever possible - and in a manner that makes a review beneficial. If you are the kind of person who needs a structured theatre experience with a beginning, middle and an end, this piece is probably not for you. For those who are looking for an amazing experience of the senses, please make sure you dont miss out on Sleep No More.The beautifully detailed sets reminiscent of a Tarsem Singh dream sequence in 'The Cell' , the lighting or rather the shadows , the incredible pounding ambient soundtrack which haunts you relentlessly as you move between floors and rooms and the wonderful actors all come together and teleport you to a spine tingling period in the past. At times I felt like Tom Cruise's character in Eyes wide shut as he moves through the famous orgy scene silently taking things in with the safe anonymity of a mask and maybe with a bold curiosity that a mask brings. I enjoyed the whole evening as a novel sensory journey rather than logical sequence of events. I followed certain story lines and treated them like individual vignettes which was quite rewarding by itself.
This was a very unique experience. The sets were beautiful, the music created an eerie feel and the actors were super talented. Some of the rooms were very crazy fun - loaded with naked actors and high drama. Some of the rooms were downright weird. Honestly, they let too many people in at one time. The scenes are WAY too crowded. If you are vertically challenged (like me) you will have a tough time seeing any of the scenes. If you try to follow an actor, hordes of people are doing the same and you can't see the direction the actor ends up going in because of the throngs of people. Due to these issues, it almost impossible to follow the story (and I am VERY familiar with MacBeth) and see the scenes. The temperature in the theater must have been about 110 degrees. It was super hot, especially under a mask. When the hubby and I came out, we looked like we just took a shower with our clothes on. Overall, I am glad we went but I don't think I would go back and see it again unless they limit the number of people they allow in at once. At times, it felt borderline dangerous with all the people chasing the actors.
I am giving this show three stars because of it's originality. The concept is very ambitious. However, with that said, it was hard to follow. After being separated from my friend, it took me two hours to find him, I felt like I was running a race. Not every person is dropped at the beginning of the story, it was hard to figure out where in the story I was dropped. It was also hard to figure out which characters were more important than others. Here are some tips that would have helped me so much: 1. Read the cliff notes for Macbeth. Because there is no dialog, I had a hard time figuring out the characters. Good thing my friend remembered his cliff notes. He helped out. 2. Be prepared to run up and down steps. Running 8 miles the afternoon before the show didn't help. Wear comfy shoes. No flip flops. You will lose them or somebody will step on them because it's that crowded and someone is always on your ass. 3. When you find a character that you want to follow, stay on their ass like white on rice because they can disappear in a heartbeat and then you are lost and have to go search the whole place. 4. Be prepared for full frontal male nudity and partial female nudity. 5. Go through the papers and stuff in the rooms.   Enjoy
Loved SNM!! It was scary, erotic, calm, a whole bag of emotions in one!!  If you don't have an open mind don't go... It's like nothing else you have ever experienced, but you have to let yourself get into it.  It's been two weeks and we are still discussing how unique it was.. Even the music was moving!  It's so great to escape reality for a few hours and eat some candy along the way!! No really, there's a candy shop inside, so grab whatever you like!  Did I mention the audience member who straddled the electric chair!!??  Can't wait to go back...
Sleep No More is a play based on Macbeth, which takes place on four floors of a building in Chelsea. The audience runs around and walks into scenes from the play. There is no order to follow; you find the actors and crowd around them as they play out a little scene. The actors move around too, often at a run, and you can chase them to find their next scene. As you might guess from knowing Macbeth, SNM is dark and spooky. There are no words; it's just the actors and environment- music and lots of set work. The place is dim throughout and you can't see anyone's faces, because everyone wears a white plastic mask. The actors are the only faces you see. Now, horror films give me nightmares for weeks and I haven't seen one since I was thirteen. So I knew going in that this play might pose a problem. However I did it anyway, figuring that if I felt too frightened, I could go to the bathroom or something. While I was there, I felt fine. I was engaged with the play and enjoyed it. However, the next day when my friend didn't call me back all day, I more or less had a meltdown. I was overcome by a strange feeling that something was wrong. The next day, my head cleared and I realized that the play had affected me after all. So... I don't recommend this play if horror films get to you. Or maybe you could go, but put a post it on your head the next day saying "may have strange reactions." It is bizarre that even though I was wary going in, I completely forgot about it the next day, freaked out about something unrelated, and it was not until the day after that that I connected the dots. It was an experience to wander the set that they had created in such detail. I loved just exploring some of the rooms. You could look through these old offices and I remember there was some sort of taxidermy or hunting counter. So much of art just begs to be touched and interacted with, and yet you are not allowed to do so. At SNM you could do that. I also remember the banquet scene as being one of my favorites. It is one of the largest scenes, with several actors around a long table and then the ghost of Banquo comes out.
It was painful to leave this show behind and fly home. It forces you to participate, desperately pulling you between being an observer and participant. you can touch and dig through every corner, drawer, run after the actors... I have never experienced anything like it. it's beautifully decorated, they don't leave anything unfinished. The music, acting, movement, aesthetic, even the lounge music after were all perfectly executed. go WITH people because it's an unforgettable night you'll want to share. that's all imma say 'cause words will box the amazing. if i lived there, i'd be there every week.
Lots of fun.  Very different way to spend an evening with friends!
#1: If you can go, then go! #2 It's Great and Amazing but... a) You either chase the actors... which gets tired, esp if you're with someone you want to stay with or b) You explore complex, moody environments, without overt story. Most people do a little of both I guess. The story is "non-linear," so it feels disjointed. Still and all, an AMAZING night at (IN?) the theater. Very unique. Very fun. If you can go, then go!!!
I wanted to love this but ended up leaving early. My boyfriend and I read the reviews and decided to split up; others, however, did not, and I spent half the night trying to work my way around couples holding hands in the darkness. It's hard to get out of your element when people are together and giggling. It was too crowded; much too crowded. (We went at 7 p.m. on Friday night.) It's hard to follow an actor or actress around and into a small room if 20 other masks are trying to do the same thing. I'm not sure if they are letting more people in than they should, but the place was filled to maximum capacity. Also, this is more like a modern dance performance. No one talks. Just a lot of weird movement. The banquet scene in slow motion is cool, but that's about it. My boyfriend liked it slightly more than I did, but not by much, and he was more assertive in the crowds and running around trying to follow the actors.
So, I opted to update this review because I had a bad experience as a potential performer with this company.   As a performer: I was asked to audition for Sleep No More and was completely psyched about it.  I did a lot of preparation and showed up at my appointment time at the McKittrick Hotel.  As soon as I arrived, the door was shut and locked.  A staff member came out a few minutes later and told me I should have gotten there a lot earlier as the audition already started.  This was never mentioned when the time slot was confirmed.  If this was a union audition, they wouldn't be able to get away with this.  Anyway, I spoke with the manager who mentioned they may be able to see me the following day and everytime I followed up, they kept brushing me off.  Being in high demand is one thing, but as a producer myself, I would never treat actors that way.  Regardless of how great the product is or how much money I have in the bank. As an attendee: I think either you'll really love it or completely hate it and want out.  Reading the other yelp reviews is so much fun of this event as it was such an immersive experience. I think there's a wonderful art which is being more and more discovered in both film and theater by having your bodies and setting tell the stories.  Sometimes words say too much and distract us from our beautiful imaginations.  To quote Hamlet  "words, words, words".  Sleep No More has really taken this concept and then some to the next level quite successfully. I went last night to the earlier show and spent 2 1/2 hours easily.  The first 5 minutes...entering the building and going up to the bar were actually terrifying.  Mainly due to the fact that it was so dark, I went by myself and there was no one in front or behind me.  Imagine my delight feeling I was walking through foreign, blacked out corridors...alone.  I actually tried to open a locked staff door with a light on the other side and was pulled aside by the staff to guide me to the bar.  Clearly, once I arrived at this fantastic speakeasy, I needed a giant glass of wine.  Eventually, I made my way to the door where I was given a mask and loaded into the lift which actually was controlled by a former Shakespeare's Sister Company member!  So, that was super fun.  I'm not sure what people mean by they'll push you on to different floors and separate you from your friends.  We all went up to the top floor and got out together.   The level of detail put into the rooms was so impressive.  There are people in black masks in every area who I felt were there purely for the audiences safety.  There was one room I was attempting to enter with lots of herbs hanging from the ceiling and she put her hand on my shoulder to get past me to make sure I didn't end up in a part of the room that could potentially hurt me.  They are so intune and aware of every actors physicality that they guide you during the action scenes to make sure you can see and that you're kept safe.  I saw SOOOO much of the show and am not sure how I got so lucky!  I started out watching Macbeth in his bath (a nice way to start the evening :) and then his wife came along.  These actors bolt around the hotel and then it's like Pamplona trying to catch up with them.  I followed Macbeth, Lady M, the 3 witches in a CRAZY psychedilic strobed dance, Lady Macduff and a few others.  Oh, I think I may have "injured" a drawer in Duncan's room. I wanted to write him a letter and, you know, you can look through all of the drawers.  It was a little old and got a little stuck.  Sorry, sleep no more.  The rooms.  It's like walking through a museum.  Just fascinating.  You do kind of lose your way.  I got lost a few times.  I'm not sure how I ended up again at the bar, but I did and once again had a glass of wine.   The jazz quartet was fantastic!  So engaging and this is the music I really relate too.  Just loved it.  Beautiful voice, bass, sax, piano.  Ah, loved it! Bottom line, I went on one of the cheaper nights, but would have paid more.  This was a FANTASTIC experience. If you like to sit and be entertained by a show, this is not the show for you.  It's very immersive and in your face.  Some of the actors play with you.  If you like blending in and being behind the scenes, I think you'll have a terrible time. However, if you love to jump into books and stories and love exploring, you'll LOVE this.  It's perfect for any artist or imaginative spirit.   There's not many thrulines to the storyline.  More like vignettes if that makes sense.  There's not a crazy amount of nakedness, but that's never bothered me.  The fight scenes were so much fun to watch. Go and have fun.  Keep your mind open and just play!!!  You won't regret it.
Fully recommend.  It was a different theatrical experience.  To be honest, after reading other Yelp reviews, it would have been helpful to read/become familiar with Macbeth before attending the show.  BUT it does not take away from the fact that it is new, interesting and a great performance.   If you go with a friend they will try to separate you, there is no talking.  Just wear your mask...don't be scared and walk around! Go wherever you want....and exit when you want.  Wear comfy shoes because you will be running around.   When alls done stick around for other cast members playing other roles (behind the bar and singing) and even coming out to talk to you.  It's truly interactive (you cannot touch the actors but you are so entwined in the show it's unreal).   PS...if you saw my review for The Heath...Nina Nightingale came out and sang that night as well!! So amazing!
This was one of the coolest experiences ever...performance art at its best! I'm torn as to how much to write here as this is really best experienced not knowing all the details. I have been twice now and flown in from Dallas both times especially for it. Book your tickets in advance...this show has been running for over a year now and hopefully it will continue because I WILL go again! Tickets are not cheap at $95 but so very worth it and way more of an adventure than any broadway show When you fist enter the "hotel" you are greeted and led to a speakeasy style bar where you can hang and have a quick drink until its your time to go in. They will call you by card numbers and they will try and split you up if you are with friends or a partner......I fully recommend you do this solo as you and your friends/partner will have total different experiences  and you will be talking about it for weeks...months. Once "in" just explore. Don't worry about what's going on or if anyone else is around...just trust in the experience and explore. On my very first visit I spent quite a bit amount of time totally alone...at some times I couldn't even find the actors for long stretches and on my second visit I followed key characters from the beginning. No one experience was better than another. Trust in the performance...they won't let you get lost or miss anything key Don't try and understand/follow the play too much...you will only see snippets of performance art and you don't need to see everything Wear comfortable shoes...there is a lot of walking up and down stairs. You have to wear a mask and no talking...it's adds to the overall effect so please stick with what they tell you This is art...and performance art at that so go in with an open mind...don't be afraid because whilst it's creepy there are no BOO moments....and be prepared to see nudity (male and female) Explore explore explore...go up and down floors..look in drawers..eat the candy from the shop and just enjoy the experience!!!!!
Hands down one of the best things out there. You can't go wrong. I love the idea of being separated and exploring this massive area. For the price- it is SO worth it. You can spend as much time as you'd like. I'd recommend getting an earlier show and exploring every nook  you can, you may see somethings repeated- however every door is a new surprise. The actors are unbelievable. Being taken away is only for the select few, but be grateful if you're taken. I would recommend comfy shoes- it's really dark in there- you don't have to look so cute... trust me. Also there is a lounge/bar where it's very era-themed. You should stay for some drinks. Will def do this again.
This show it totally worthless. There is no interaction, no "immersive theater" and the performances are poor quality. All you do is walking in a hotel that has been vaguely decorated and sometimes you see a dense crowd around actors miming (not acting) a scene. What I saw at this show: bored, disillusioned guests seating on their own and waiting for something to happen; rude guests pushing you whenever something actually happens; actors pretending to fight, write a letter, have sex, fold laundry... In short nothing worth of your time and money. After just an hour, there was a lot of people at the bar: the jazz concert was much more interesting that the pseudo-theatrical experience. If you really like theater like me, this is not for you.
The first thing I will say is that SNM is very interesting.  I read LOTS of reviews on Yelp before I went so I could get a feel for this bizarre event.  First of all, it is not scary.  There are 5 floors each decorated perfectly for the time period.  I will not go into detail because I don't want to ruin it for those of you who have not seen it.  It is dark so if you wear a prescription for your eyes make sure to do so.   The best way I can advise you to get the most out of this event is to: *be sure to scan all of the floors NUMEROUS times. *listen for the music to get louder.  It seemed to me that whenever I heard the music get louder a scene was about to start. *look for the stage lighting to get brighter.  I found that brighter lights was an indication that a scene was about to begin. *be aggressive.  There were a few times I was at the right place at the right time and saw an entire scene from start to finish.  Many people would rush in once they discovered a scene was happening.  They tried to push and shove to get to the front so stand your ground. *stand back from others.  As soon as a scene ends you will see about 30 people rushing after an actor to try and get to the next scene before it starts.  These people have no mercy on others.  They WILL run you over if you are in their way. *take your time and don't get frustrated.  You might start to loose interest after about 20 minutes if you don't find a "scene" to watch.  If you are not seeing anything happening move quickly on that floor to see if you can find a scene.  If not go to a different floor.  You will find something if you look for it. *head downstairs at the end of the night.  Our show started at midnight.  I was on the floors for 2 hours.  Head downstairs for the finale.  You don't want to miss it! If you are bored and can't deal with it anymore then head to the bar (where you start out) since there is a FANTASTIC lounge singer that will entertain you for hours while your mates are running up and down flights of stairs trying to get the most out of their event. Enjoy and have an open mind.  I am glad I did it but don't need to do is a second time.
I just came back from the show and I must say that I am highly disappointed. First of all it was not worth the money for $80 the coat check should be free and the ticket should include a drink ticket and a play bill - all you get to take home is the mask that you are forced to wear. Also, you cannot speak to your friend while shuffling around from floor to floor. And, if you get there early like we did you can "explore" the creepy rooms on your own without getting shoved and pushed by patrons but the actors do not start acting until at least 8pm. If you do not like to see "blood, violence, rape, and sex" or hear "screaming and grunting" then this is NOT the show for you. You also must follow the actors or you will miss the show, but each act is the same... blood, violence, sex and screaming. On the positive side I did enjoy the spooky scenery which makes it very much like a haunted house and yes, the Halloween music adds to the effect however it is extremely loud. There were a few times that I actually had to cover my ears with my hands because the music was so loud. The good thing is that no one jumps out at you, but you do walk through an asylum, a cemetery, a coffin, weird statues and overall creepiness. I recommend saving your money and either going to a haunted house or to a broadway show unless you are into violence and very disturbing images.
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) The best way to describe it is Eyes Wide Shut (Masks, Sexy, Intrigue, Mystery) - the more curious you are, the more you discover 2) Phenomenal actors - who have intermittent performances throughout the various floors (follow them to learn more about the story) 3) Secrets and special accesses can be discovered - tbh spend more time following the performers rather than opening every nook and cranny 4) DOMINICK, one of the managers/coordinators, was an absolute PRO! I was on crutches and he made sure I was completely taken care of in case I was too tired or could not keep up with the various groups. He helped me cut the line at the end to get my bags that were checked, and he waited outside in the pouring rain to hail a cab for me. 5) Those who are physically challenged - can have special arrangements made with elevator access 6) Fantastic place to take a team activity 7) Yes you get to keep the masks!! Cons: 1) There is a lot of physical movement - be prepared to sweat and run around (can be especially tiring for the physically challenged) 2) Coat Check $4 mandatory for bags and such 3) Drinks are so-so and absinthe was basically green licorice water 4) Can get lost
This was a truly unique experience. I left feeling exhausted in the best possible way. Here are a few of my own personal tips.... --Open/explore everything! The attention to detail in set design is outstanding. I almost went so far as to eat a sandwich that was lying out on a table. --Don't follow a huge crowd. I think its more fun to strike out on your own. If you happen upon something big, enjoy it, but following a popular character can be too exhausting. And if you come with friends don't be afraid to ditch them! --Wear comfortable shoes. Sit down and chill out if you need to. it's hard not to feel like you're missing out on something, but also remember its impossible to see everything! --The lounge seems super classy and like a fun place to have a drink. I loved the singer at the end of the night. All in all a one of a kind and memorable experience.
Go see this NOW, but don't carry a bag and wear comfortable shoes!!
I have been to Sleep No More 11 times. Each time I go, I see something new and I get a new experience. It is my favorite play to see in New York, but calling it a play diminishes the amazing experience that it is. They will warn you to wear comfortable shoes, please heed the warning. Even in sneakers, running around for 3 hours will wear down even the most in shape person. If you wear glasses, go for contact lenses as you will be masked. This is the perfect outing for a group of people you like and want to be around, but don't necessarily have anything to talk about. Plan to go to a diner or something afterwards, because you will have a LOT to discuss afterwards. The only in play advice I will give: Follow the techno music.
It's hard to write a comprehensive review without giving much away, and it's best enjoyed cold with no sneak previews! I would follow the advice of other reviewers and get the earliest slot possible. Be prepared for a lot of walking (and a bit of 'chasing the action' too). You will probably end up alone, so arrange a time to meet back at the bar. I loved the bar - we sat and listened to a singer that seemed to come straight from 20s Paris. Just go and experience it - it's like a giant maze, with secret passageways, in the dark! With weird and surreal stuff happening and totally random scenery and props everywhere.   PS. I never did work out what was on the top floor, I may have to go back!
There are so many different ways to experience this. You can follow one character around, several characters around, or wait in certain places for certain things to happen. I had to go twice to get more of a full experience. Make sure you don't neglect the basement!
I had heard so much about this place that I finally decided to try it out last weekend.Overall was a VERY UNIQUE EXPERIENCE !! You can find interactive activities, good theater and beautiful decor separately but Sleep No More combines it all in a perfect way! Cost - $90 per person (no drinks)  with a mandatory coat check ($4) ( prices change slightly based on time/day) Few tips - [] Don't carry anything outside of your pockets as they don't allow you to take anything inside [] They put a mask on you as you enter so use of contact lenses is preferred [] Wear your walking shoes , it is a 5 storey building and you would end up walking ALOT [] The bar/food in the building is quite expensive! [] Be prepared to be separated from the person you came in with as they purposefully mix up the entry order ( But the individual experience is awesome) [] Brush upon  your Macbeth [] Explore as they encourage you to interact with the decor - I tried to cover at least 90% of the building to get my money's worth ;) [] Be prepared to witness a lot of nudity in some scenes!! In terms of the experience, you will enter the The McKittrick Hotel, all 5-floors which is a awesomely decorated and makes you feel like you are in a dream. You can do the following while in the building - A) Follow the same character throughout, and follow the story through his or her eyes, as it were. B) Follow different characters, and explore the various parts of the building. C) Just move around randomly and play with the surroundings The only reason why I would not give this place a 5 star is because it is tough to understand the theatrical story while you are there. You can follow a character around but their acting is quite subtle and there is no way to understand where you are in the whole plot.Would recommend them handing a character sketch before you enter to improve the experience! All in all , had an awesome time and would recommend anyone up for a unique experience to try it out once!
surreal, intense, interesting, beautiful, ugly, creepy, grand, incredible and in summation:  AMAZING. When I read poor reviews of this show I was beside myself - if you are looking for your  typical snoozy Broadway play, than this is certainly NOT for you, though you should have known that when the venue was an old hotel in Chelsea and not at the Shubert Theatre in Times Square. Anyway, like other people on here have stated, it is best to go with an OPEN MIND, be willing to just go with the flow, and have limited info about what is going to happen, however, there is some information that is handy to know: - DO NOT dress nicely.  I saw bitches wearing high heels, dressed like they were going to a club and had a good laugh.  You will be walking on dirt, gravel, going upstairs, etc. etc.   Also, it is HOT AS BALLS and musty as hell.  Hellooo, it is an old hotel, not Twilo, so dress accordingly. -  Break away from whoever you go with - you can't talk anyway, and it is MUCH better to have an individual experience and talk to them about it later. -  Try to immerse yourself in as much as possible, but don't get caught up thumbing through every piece of paper or touching every object otherwise you may miss something awesome. -  Find the room blaring bad house music.  That room is the best and is wayyy better than the finale, in my opinion.   It is unlike anything I have ever seen, and now that it is extended, I plan on returning.  Some people complained about the cost - IT IS A THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN NEW YORK CITY,  not your local church's performance of Bye Bye Birdie.   Shows of this caliber are never cheap.  Yes, it is pricey, but MORE than worth the money.   GO!
It's been said before, but I have to say it again. I never experienced ANYTHING like this show. It was worth the money! I see everyone providing on some tips and tricks, so I will too! Follow the cutest actor you see, run if you have to! I was not disappointed!   Have fun!
Amazing, I feel like I am in an absurd dream. Must do if you are a fan of interactive experiences. If I could describe it in a few words: haunting, dark, thrilling, and fun Tips: - Brush up your Macbeth before you visit - Wear comfy shoes - Stay curious - Try to spot the "witch club" scene - Try to come as early as you can as there's less people which is fun to explore more
If you like to see something unique, experience performance first hand, where artists interact with the audience and don't mind running up and down the stairs - Sleep No More is the thing for you. Yes, as some have pointed out, it might be tough to grasp it all. Since you are being placed on a random floor, you might be watching the end, middle or the beginning of the show. I loved it. I've never seen anything like it.
A great performance, if you can afford it.  You have to go in with the expectation that it's not really a linear plot and just try to enjoy everything that you see. If you're the type that much prefers a straightforward narrative or traditional theater experience, or if you scare extremely easily, might not be for you. But if you're adventurous, appreciate interactive theater, and don't mind an intentional dose of confusion, then it's worth the price. Also should add that just getting to explore the hotel and the amazingly-designed set is half the excitement. They really spared no expense in transforming a warehouse space into an authentic mid-century backdrop.
I sooooo wanted to love this show based on its concept - but it just did not happen.  And it has a pricey entrance fee ($96) that does not include drinks ($12 + tip for okay bubbly) and mandatory coat check ($4). If you want to be surprised, I suppose you shouldn't read this review.   But for an opinion that differs from most reviewers here, feel free to read on but it may spoil it. The whole mystery of this show drew me.  I like the anonymity: no talking, the masks, the cards, experiencing this on your own.  The McKittrick Hotel, all 5-floors, was extremely well done.  So much detail in every room.  As I went through each one and watched multiple scenes with the actors, I got excited observing everything.  I attempted to pull together clues from what I saw, but there just was no connection.  And after 3 hours of this, including the finale where I really thought it'd come together - NOTHING.  To top it off, it was way too hot in there.  Sooo much sweating while wearing the masks.  And people got pushy when trying to watch the actors. There were 6 of us.  One hated it.  No one loved it.  And none of us thought it was worth the spend.  We appreciate the art behind the performance but we also like to "get it".  For such a production, it was quite a disappointment.
It's all been said before: Dress in comfortable clothing.  Do separate from your group.  Do catch up on Hamlet (Wikipedia works) prior to visiting.  Do have an open mind.  Do touch everything and taste the candy.  Do try to have an early start -time. Our tickets were for a Friday night 7:15 start time.  We sat in the lounge area for about 10 minutes prior to being admitted to the hotel.  I think the drinks were a bit overpriced and not that great.  My advice is to pass and save your money for drinks after the show but if you must indulge, pass on their punch and order a beer or a specific drink. This show was amazing.  I really do not think one viewing is enough.  My friend and I separated and then compared our experience afterward.  We both were surprised at how much we missed.  There were sections/scenes of the hotel/play that I missed completely.  I wish this show would continue through October.
Sleep No More is easily the coolest thing I have done in NYC. If you are interested, don't read too many of the revealing reviews. You'll want to discover many things for yourself. It may not be for everyone, but if you enjoy it, you'll want to return again and again.
SO FREAKING AMAZING! I won't ruin anything because you must experience it for yourself to understand. What you should know is that you should go solo. I mean, go with friends, but don't stick together. You should roam the area alone and just experience it yourself. You get a sense of freedom and a whole new personality. For me, personally, I never do anything like this. I am very chicken sh*t when is comes to stuff like this, but boy did I have an amazing time. I also got a sense of so much freedom and I felt like a whole new person. I don't know, but it was amazing and you HAVE TO experience it if you're going to be in New York. YOU MUST. Don't think, just do and have FUN.
"Just remember..." the bellhop purred as he manned the elevator and we slowly climbed floors, "...the bold shall be rewarded..." He suddenly stops the lift and the doors swing open. Touching the arm of a masked audience member, he implores the poor sap forward and out. Laughing maniacally, he snaps the elevator door shut and leaves the patron, alone, on whatever floor we had stopped at on our climb. Come alone; leave alone; seek whatever you wish and touch all that pleases you. You will find stories within the McKittrick Hotel which will entice you....just remember to follow your emboldened inner voice to seek out the experience which most speaks to you. I suppose the best advice would be to expect nothing - and to embrace everything. I might have enjoyed my experience a tad bit more had I been slightly inebriated (dang you 2nd floor lounge with your $15 martinis!) ... however, my creative side tends to hibernate more these days (dang you investment bank hell!) and needs a bit of coaxing to come out and play. I suspect that no two experiences will mirror themselves; though it is possible to find parallels in the extraordinary experience. I left feeling confused - elated - surprised - disturbed - tantalized - and even a bit challenged. (A large part of me would like to experience this again - with a bit more knowledge about what to expect / explore)... Worth noting: The Highline is not too far from the McKittrick Hotel....Your experience at Sleep No More will make for one helluva evening stroll, afterwards.
saw sleep no more the newest take on the play Macbeth.  It was a maze of rooms on each floor each designed to have almost nothing to do with the play but more to do with a 1930's french adaptation of the play.  There was a psycho ward floor, A cemetary floor, and a taxadermy floor all pointing towards the crazy actions and thoughts of a crazy lady named macbeth.  Not that bad. Not that good. There was a lot of nudity,  I dont think this is a play you will want to bring children too since the nudy was definately sexual in nature.   Next the tickets were way overpriced.  I paid $85 per person and at the front gate we were told it was a 3 hour play.  We arrived at 7:10pm and entered the play at 7:45pm for the play to be emptied at 9:45pm that is 2hours not 3 hours so that is a misleading advert by the doorman.  It was definately not worth the money.
I don't feel that Sleep No More can be reviewed on a 1-5 scale but simply a good or bad. I vote bad. Bad things in no specific order: Pricey tickets Very hot under the mask You get sweaty Possibly the worst place to go on a first date No dialogue LOOSELY based on Macbeth is an understatement Very dark in some spots and you could easily hurt yourself I saw few correlations between the different scenes If you don't have a good understanding of Macbeth, you won't get it If you have a good understanding of Macbeth, you won't get it Creepy dudes in masks following single girls Good things: The sets were well done The music and audio was good There was a naked chick in a bathtub Some girl on girl kissing The band and singers in the bar Summary The $20 explanation book they try to sell you at the end is a testament to the play's vagueness and ambiguity. Simply put, the emperor is not wearing any clothes. Fin
Could I do this every night? No - it's so intense and creepy -- But it is also really awesome and very unique.  From murder to erotic orgy scenes to a candy room to amazing speakeasy with band ... This place really has everything!  I was separated from my group at the start when they let people off the elevator on different floors. If this happens to you, don't panic! There is significant opportunity to be reunited as you explore the hotel. Wear comfortable shoes!
Like a ballet taking place in a haunted hotel. Try your best not to meet up with friends when your inside, the experience is best alone. The story line gets a bit boring after a while but the decor of the entire place is breathtaking.
Full disclosure: Macbeth is my favorite of Shakespeare's plays, and perhaps my favorite play of all time.  I've wanted to see it (or experience it I suppose) for years, so I decided that in celebration of Valentine's Day, I would take my poor, unsuspecting husband here. I don't want to include any spoilers here, just a few highlights. Drinks are expensive, but pretty much in line with nicer NYC bar prices, plus they were well mixed and the ambiance of the bar was in line with the 1920s jazz bar, noir theme. Do take the advice of those who've gone before you. Comfy shoes are a must so you won't miss any of the action. Contact lenses under the mask if you can. Coat check is a must and leave the purse at home.   The experience was worth every bit. The attention to detail in the "hotel" is like nothing I've ever seen. The acting was incredible, and who doesn't like to be part of the action?  The set up was creepy enough to be fun and interesting, but not so scary or over the top that it risks becoming Halloweenish or cheesy. We will definitely make a return trip before it closes in May!
I loved Sleep No More! Macbeth is my favorite Shakespeare play, and though I didn't connect every character and storyline, I did love the Macbeth and Lady Macbeth characters and all their scenes.  Especially the bathtub scene, and Lady Macbeth doing an interpretive dance for the "Out, damn spot, out" sequence.   Some tips: --There are only two rules.  No talking and you have to keep your mask on.  Don't break the rules. --It is recommended that you experience this alone.  I concur.  If you go with friends, just meet up afterwards for a drink in the lounge to exchange stories, and don't worry about them during the show.   --Wear comfortable shoes...you are walking/running/climbing stairs for about three hours.   --Do check your purse and bags. Again, it's recommended by the show for a reason. --The entire show is performed three times while you are in the space, so that you can follow different characters each time.  You still won't see everything.  It's OK.  Each person's experience is different and that is what makes it so cool.   Definitely a one of a kind experience...but I do feel like I need a second trip.  I somehow missed the techno orgy room and that is not OK.
fabulous 'show'!  it's more of an experience than a show.  wear comfortable (sneakers) shoes and clothing...ideally black.  you'll be given a mask as you check into the McKettrick hotel and advised you can no longer speak.  you'll wander the floors and rooms (including a forrest, graveyard, etc)  it's basically a retelling of macbeth but in a 30's hotel.  like nothing i've experienced.  part of the fun is the charge you experience while exploring and interacting with the actors.  highly recommend! if you go with a friend, expect to separate.  it's more fun that way.  you can then compare notes at the end of the night and see what everyone else experienced.  you'll never experience it the same way twice.
Sleep No More. A Yelp review in no way can summarize my experience at Sleep No More. What happened in those 3 hours will haunt my dreams for the next few weeks at least. Set inside McKitrell Hotel, this experiential theater experience is one unlike any other. With nothing but your wits, you must explore the town of Gallow Greens and follow the characters for a unique, personal adventure. A playing card is your ticket into this jazz age world, landing you smack dab in the Mandalay, where you can spend the night sipping a strong cocktail. However, the real journey is on the other five floors of the hotel. When your playing card is called, you don a mask and enter a whole new world. I don't want to give too much of the story away because A) I don't even understand all the stories. There are at least 3 storylines going on at the same time and it's only possible to catch glimpses of each during a single night. And B) this is an adventure you create on your own. Explore the detailed sets at your own pace. Touch everything. Go places that seem like off-limits. Or you can find a character and latch onto him/her, following their story and hope they pull you into a secret set, one-on-one. Advice on that one, literally follow the heels of the character you want some private time with; when they exit a scene, the usually drag one attendee with them, adding an exclusive element to someone's storyline. But yeah, from a hotel and graveyard, to a tiny town and the household of Macbeth himself, there is no wrong way to experience Sleep No More. And I can't wait to do it again. I didn't want it to end, but eventually all the actors herd the crowd into the main ballroom for a macabre finale; I didn't even have a chance to explore a whole floor. Rumor has it the show is ending May 26th, so get a move on it and buy tickets before this once-in-a-lifetime show is gone for good.
If you haven't been to Sleep No More before my recommendation is that you immediately close your browser window.  This is the sort of thing you should go into knowing AS LITTLE AS POSSIBLE... except for the following: #1 - Wear comfortable clothing and shoes (you will be on your feet and moving around the whole time) #2 - DO NOT stay with your friend(s) -- explore on your own and you will have a better time.  A big part of the fun is comparing stories with other people about stuff you found that maybe they didn't (and vice versa) #3 - DO NOT be afraid explore -- open things, dig around, there are surprises everywhere
If you read my original review written over a year ago, you'll see I didn't have the greatest opinion of Sleep No More. So why am I coming back, upgrading my rating and writing another review? *sigh* The problem is that Sleep No More is insidious show that sneaks into your brain, lurks there and refuses to leave. As much as I complained about Sleep No More for the lack of plot/high price/utter confusion, I simply could not stop thinking about it for a good six months. For god's sake, I even dreamt about it. The atmosphere/set design was just THAT AMAZING. As I wandered around Sleep No More, I felt like I was dreaming, exploring a new misty world that existed no where else. And so, I did what I swore I would never do: I bought another ticket. I gave up all expectations of plot, I cheated and read up on the show extensively so I would know who to follow and what to expect, and I went with the flow...and it was mindblowing. When you lower your expectations of narrative, you can appreciate the snippets of, I don't know what you'd call them, "experiences" that each actor presents. After that, I was hooked, line and sinker. I even bought more expensive tickets to attend the Halloween event (which was, sadly, canceled due to Hurricane Sandy, and then rescheduled for an even higher price which I could not afford. NOT PLEASED). I'm currently looking to visit for a third time, and I just can't wait. I'm giving it a five star rating this time around, not because this show has no flaws, but because it's a worthwhile experience that you shouldn't miss out on.
Incredible experience! Three different sets of my friends recommended it to me. So I went and I loved it. I can't believe to see so many negative reviews on yelp. And why some even complain about the ticket price and coat check? Isn't it typical for many theatre and clubs? And the price for such things in New York are often lower than most other cities due to heavy competition. You gotta have an open mind, a lot of energy and curiosity to enjoy it; since you need to go around a lot in order to see interesting things. Everything about this show is awesome, the whole concept of parallel performances, choreography, dancing/acting, interior design, mask wearing and the freedom that audiences have. It is such an art!!!
I'm always up for a great live show in NYC. This one just blows my mind. Party interactive and way different from any show i've ever seen. Set pieces are so detailed. A interpretation of Shakespeare's MacBeth as told through the Sleep No More torupe. Surreal. Feels like I stepped into the world of david lynch, Alfred hitchcock, and Tim burton. Along with steven kings the shining. Make sure to wear comfortable shoes as you'll be walking and running around scene to scene following actors of your choice. To add to the orignality you wear creepy masks to show that you are not part of the scene and kind of mold to the background. Make sure to stop by a bit early before your show time and stay late after the show ends. They have a great period set piece bar that plays great jazz and has some great absinthe drinks.
This was one of the coolest experiences of my life, and definitely the coolest thing I've done in NYC. It was like putting the pieces together of a fragmented, dark and lush lucid dream. This was a sensual, emotional and exciting experience. If you haven't gone, I strongly recommend it. I just caught it and unfortunately it closes in a few days; I would have loved to have gone again. Like many of the recommenders remark, if you can go more than once, you get more out of the experience. My boyfriend and I absolutely do not think this was overpriced for the depth of immersion and unique experience of being able to explore the hotel, like choose your own adventure theater. I've read through a couple pages of reviews, and my conclusion is that this type of immersive, interactive experimental theater is for some people and isn't for others. A sense of adventure, tolerance for ambiguity and ability to appreciate the scenes as vignettes as opposed to needing linear narrative certainly help in appreciating what Punchdrunk is going for. Acting was on point, scenes were well choreographed, the sets were enigmatic, period appropriate and set a broody, crimson mood. One reviewer compared it to The Shining; I would agree. Attention to detail in the scenes was profound. There are items in the drawers and letters you find have thematic or plot significance. My advice to future attendees: 1. Don't try to stay with your group, the hotel is best experienced alone. 2. Don't feel like you have to follow the actors in order to understand the story. If you want to understand the story, read Macbeth before you go, or read the Cliffnotes. The fragmentation of the story is a critical component in creating the sense of ambiguity and madness that is endemic to Macbeth. Go with what piques your curiosity. If you spend too much time following the actors you won't see all of the hotel. Set features and items provide insight to the story, but like I said before, it's not about story so much as it is theme and mood... madness, betrayal, seduction, cruelty and violence. 3. Wear comfortable clothes, you will be on your feet for three hours. 4. Bring $3 for the coat check. You will have to check your stuff before you go into the hotel, which is nice because you don't have to worry about it while you're exploring the hotel! Hope you enjoy it as much as I did. I hope they extend it so that I can come back and do it again!
I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said. All I can say is - yes, it's that amazing, and yes, it'll probably be one of (if not) the most unique shows you'll ever go to. I am not an English nor an arts major, but I love all kinds of shows, and am thus proof that you don't have to know complex thematic elements and literary interpretations to understand what's going on. You need to let yourself go along with (literally) the script, or lack thereof, and follow the actors closely to soak in the drama and the dancing. One "scene" would be a little mellow, with not much going on, except a girl doing lithe footwork on her own, while another scene can be defined as downright debauchery. The sets blew me away, as the attention to detail is exquisite, and the audience was free to wander, touch, feel, eat (I didn't but this is what I've heard). Definitely go in with an open mind, and don't be afraid to get interactive, as I saw several audience members be taken by actors into secret rooms. On a related note, many recommend that you drift from your party and explore on your own. I had been advised to so as well, but I went to this with my boyfriend, and we decided to stick together. And we had fun experiencing each scene together! I imagine that one of the reasons people suggest being alone is: the potential one-on-one interaction you could have with an actor, and also the difficulty in navigating your way around the set with another person on your tail. Luckily for us, we're quick on our feet (and we get kinda competitive) so we sprinted throughout the show together to find and follow actors and pushed through the crowd to get front-row views of each scene. Now on THAT note, you should wear comfortable shoes since it's quite a bit of running, but you don't even notice because you get completely immersed in whatever's going on. Also, be aware that crowds do form in scenes. The upside? If you do miss something, no worries! The scenes repeat themselves, and since there's no established sequence, you can revisit rooms and experiences a few times. All these reviews give a pretty accurate sense of what to expect, but this is a show that won't align with every single thing your told, since your experience is what you make of it. So find out for yourself! Put on one of those freaky-looking-but-still-cool white masks and enjoy the show.
MISSED OPPORTUNITY. At the suggestion of friends and other YELP reviews I decided to follow 2 characters for the duration of the show. My thinking was that all the performers were central to the story. TWO WASTED HOURS LATER I learned that I followed completely made up characters (essentially extras) and that I missed every major scene too. SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT. Had the company offered some type of direction and I was able to see the 'good stuff' (hanging, fight, orgy..etc) I know I would have loved this and this would be a glowing review. Now all I can say is BUYER BEWARE, give me my $100 and 2 hrs back.
DON'T READ ANYTHING ABOUT SLEEP NO MORE BEFORE GOING. I read a bunch of yelp reviews and talked to a few people who had gone before. It kind of ruined the experience for me. Based on my knowledge, I was expecting a weird out-of-body experience that completely terrified and delighted me simultaneously. I had some fun, but ultimately, I was disappointed. It was a fun and different experience, but my expectations were way too high. Come with the most open of minds and you will likely have a great time.
This really was not my thing... Ladies you are not allowed to carry anything in! I had to sneak my wristlet in my pants and hide it with my scarf because I was not about to check it. I will not spoil anything by doing a play-by-play. However, I will say the first few moments were creepy cool. Flicking lights, white masks, and convincing actresses. I thought the actors/actresses were very skilled, but to be honest I wasn't very entertained by the scenes. Slow moving and no idea who people were. Within the first hour I was ready to skedaddle. I think for the price you should have received a free beverage at least or something. I would not come back, but the people I came with enjoyed their time.
I'm sure this is "as good as it gets", whatever it is! I had no idea what I was walking into when I went to the late "seating" for this show.  I say "show", but really it's an experience -- sort of a game, if you will.  You find what interests you, and let your interest guide you through it. Anyway, before I blab on and reveal too much, I'll cut it short and say that I'm definitely going again, and this time I'm going to leave any goal-oriented thinking at the door.  Interesting things seem to happen near those who aren't looking for them.
5/5 -- great show, I would love to go back before it leaves the city. HOWEVER, this show will not change your world, i don't get why people say it does. I didn't always "get" anything that was going on, but I still had a great time following people around. In fact, an actor grabbed my hand and brought me places, too! Overall it is a lot of fun!....wandering around, snooping through drawers, stealing candy, wearing masks, following actors, CHASING actors, finding new things, etc. We spent a little over 3 hours here and enjoyed every minute (but we are exhausted!!!) So wear comfy shoes, put your hair in a pony tail, forget the make up (you'll be wearing a mask and will sweat) and explore!!! Oh and I am a bit of a scardy cat about darkness, scary stuff, horror movies, etc, and I was not scared at all! My boyfriend and I were separated frequently and it was just fine!!
My experience with 'Sleep No More' was very unlike many posted. I went because I also heard how amazing it is... I had no idea that when I was told through emails that no 'bags' were allowed in, they mean 'purses'. Also it is very musty inside & I wasn't prepared for that, I couldn't breathe so well. I did however suck it up & follow the characters. It was very cool in the beginning but got boring after being shoved & pushed around by other audience members following the actors. Also it was difficult to see what was happening most of the time. I really wanted to love it, but I didn't.
Umm... I really can't get over how amazing Sleep No More was. This is not a play. I don't know much about Macbeth, but I'm gonna say this is not that either. This is a total mind/body experience, almost like walking through a dream for three hours. (One where you must wear flats, be okay with sweating, being confused, slightly overwhelmed at times, and one where you can't talk AT ALL.) There is really no way to appropriately describe this without seeing it for yourself. On that note, they extended it (again) until 10/1. BUY TICKETS NOW. Again, when it comes to shoes: Ladies, you DO NOT look cute in your heels. You will run up stairs, you will get pushed by hoards of people, you may get lost in a woods scene or a pysch unit. The hotel is essentially a dark maze. Wear FLATS. If you don't, I feel sorry for you. Really. Anyways, me and my boyfriend went together, and as recommended split up when we got out of the elevator on the 4th floor. Half the group was let off on the third, us the forth, and one person was left off BY HIMSELF on the 2nd floor, while the elevator attendant said something along the lines of "Fortune favors the bold, sir," and then closed the door. While we saw all of the same rooms when we found each other halfway through, we both saw different scenes. I thought it was great to split up for half of it, but then experience the rest of the show together. Some people get taken by the actors into rooms by themselves. While this didn't happen to me, I was locked in one of the actors' "bedrooms" with a group of ten people, while she cried and looked through various suitcases. The set design for this place is unwordly. Whoever designed this should get some sort of art direction award because the attention to detail is outstanding. You can touch everything. From keys to boxes and suitcases and beds, everything is there for you to explore. (There's even a room with candy if you get hungry.) I'd absolutely go again as you are pretty much guaranteed to see something different each time you go. (Although I did stumble on the same scene twice, which I wasn't expecting.) Seriously, I can't say enough awesome things about Sleep No More. See it for yourself.
I'm not sure I can say anything that hasn't been said, but I was completely blown away by this. I would like to see a lot more of this sort of interactive entertainment, and a lot less sitting around behind the 4th wall.
This project is simple and complex at once. The simple: the theater group Punch Drunk renovated a five story building into a fake Hitchcockian hotel to stage their show loosely based on a Shakespeare play. The complex: everything once you get inside. I've seen it twice and could see it three hundred more times. You go in and hang out in the lounge. Have some drinks and mingle. You're offered a playing card. When your card comes up, it's time to go to the elevator where you're let off on one of the creepy floors of the hotel. It's all so strange from start to finish... When I was let off, I entered a room to see a beautiful woman on a gurney of sorts, apparently dead. It seemed to be a very unsanitary laboratory. And the kicker is that she was mere inches away from me! A man enters - a doctor? A madman? His dance is seductive and powerful enough to revive her. They could be in love. Or not. Either way, it's amazing. The wordless scenes of the show happen right in front of you in one elaborately detailed room after another. So detailed that you can go through pockets of clothes in a closet, or read typed documents - all to find clues to how the story plays out. On one floor, two lovers danced in a candy store, inside which I later sampled the treats. On the top floor, I wandered through a forest until a nurse (an actor) inside a small cabin called me in for a personal delivery that only few get to experience. She told me some bug-eyed, weird story about the end of the world while spoon-feeding me tea. You cannot do everything in one visit. And a great deal of it is creepy and unsettling. And you're free to roam the floors, catching scenes as they happen and you can follow specific actors around to immerse yourself in their particular plotlines. The off-putting soundtrack blares constantly, helping to set the mood. There's dancing, fighting, nudity, romance, hate, death, even a dead baby demon sacrifice ritual. Wait, a what? Seriously... I can't get enough of this show. It's that awesome and probably the coolest thing I've ever seen in my life.
Definitely an interesting theatrical performance.  All the previous reviews can give you details but have an open mind and have fun!   I thoroughly enjoyed it even though I felt like I missed a lot of the more exciting scenes, (minotaur head & orgy, hanging of MacBeth) and despite a rather focused search, could not find the candy room at all.   Worth going back to a second time to figure out more of the secrets.  Fun time and I love that I got to take home the mask.
I've never before paid $80 to see a show in which I have to run around to actually SEE anything. That being said, I was very drawn in by the concept of being involved in a show and finding scenes. The problem, of course, was lack of a storyline (or a decipherable one). After 2 hours of running around and then ending up in the last scene, I walked away utterly disappointed, not having "gotten" it. 2 stars for the excellent acting and dancing, but minus 2 stars for the lack of a plot or explanation, and minus 1 star for the high price tag. Lots of creepy scenery and a fair amount of sexuality/nudity as well, if that's your thing.
If you haven't gone to any immersive theater productions, then you may like Sleep No More because it will be a totally new experience for you. Having gone to more intimate productions (e.g., Then She Fell, which is held in Brooklyn and allows up to 10-15 people at a time) that are more interactive (since there are significantly less number of people inside the building), I was disappointed with Sleep No More. First of all, I found the mask to be an annoyance.  Although the vast majority of the building was air conditioned, I still felt hot wearing the mask.  There were way too many people roaming around so following the various characters was horrible.  The characters would stop, act out a scene (without dialogue) which didn't always amount to much or add to the story in my opinion, then run off to the next location.  This would lead to hordes of people running after them. Sometimes you felt as though you were being shoved out of the way. And, of course, if you want to follow the "story" you really need to follow some of the characters.  I'd say that there were a good 30-40 people at a time following each character, which was ridiculous.  There is no dialogue whatsoever, making it harder to follow the "story" if you are trying to make sense of it.   I did like that they had a bar on the 2nd floor where you could take a break and have a drink with some entertainment.   There are a lot of rooms to explore and they did do a great job in putting everything together to really make you feel like you went back in time, so I'll give them that.   There are also bathrooms along the way, so that's great too. We went to The Heath before the Sleep No More and should've just stayed at The Heath and skipped the Sleep No More.  The Heath is connected to the Sleep No More show. If you do decide to go despite my review, here are some tips: Sign up for an early check-in - maybe you can avoid the crowds that way. Wear something that has pockets in case you want to carry your wallet, phone with you.  No bags, even fannypacks, are not allowed. Dress lightly as you will be running around, especially if you plan on following some of the characters. Try not to expect much out of the show so you won't be disappointed. Read a synopsis on Macbeth You will be there for at least two hours so eat beforehand. Hate to say it, but if you and a friend are going, maybe one of you can find tips on the various rooms and find out where stuff is going on.  I know that they are spoilers but at least you won't miss out on the major goings on.
Mind-blowing.  Life changing.  Addicted. This is by far the most amazing experience I have ever had.  Ever.  And I have had some experiences.  :) A-MAY-ZING. Go see it.  Now.
Awesome! buuutttttt....frustrating at times. It's crowded and difficult to follow actors/actresses unless you run or are on the more aggressive side. People can also be a bit pushy. So many highlights (lady macbeth losing her mind in her bedroom, the crazy orgy with strobe lights, the strangling) but definately agree that unless you are activly looking for actors to follow, you may feel as though your just wandering around and stumbling through little rooms and treasure troves, pawing through archives from the earlier part of the 19th century. None of which will have any real meaning without a sense of the story line and events going on around you.
I was told it was based loosely on Macbeth; I wasn't told exactly how loosely!  Don't go expecting to watch a rendition of Macbeth.  It is a work of art all in its own right.  It was also described to me as Macbeth meets Eyes Wide Shut.  You wear a mask throughout the show, and no talking! I joined the dinner before the show, at the end of which, we were despatched with the foreboding "fortune favours the bold" (those words were actually from Macbeth, I distinctly remembered).  Throughout the performance, you follow the characters as the action takes place on multiple floors of the building (the McKittrick Hotel), and the story unfolds.  You may do any of the following: 1. Follow the same character throughout, and follow the story through his or her eyes, as it were. 2. Follow different characters, and explore the various parts of the building. 3. Go a couple of times and do each of the above. Wear comfortable shoes, and watch out for cretins pushing people around in an attempt to chase a character. Enjoy!  You know you will.
Just saw this show last night. It is an immersive experience.  So many people have said so many things, so I'll be writing for the person who just wants some tips (without spoilers). The 'play' loops twice, giving you a chance to follow characters that you did not follow earlier.  Some characters are more 'active' than others.  Whenever two or more characters cross paths or get together, there is some a scene, and they are always crossing paths, sooner or later. There are FIVE floors, each different.  You'll be getting to know them well.   Wear comfortable shoes. All of your senses are used.   Listen for music, it might indicate a scene playing near you. You will smell many different scents.  The set design is really a star. Touch things, read letters, open items.  Don't be shy, without being rude. Some actors will stop and pull a single audience member into a room for a private interaction after a "scene". Walking alone makes it easier to navigate crowds than walking in pairs. Actors don't run to other rooms, so it's NOT necessary to RUN.   Much of this is common sense.   All that aside....it's a great event. It reminds me of when movies went 3D - it added another aspect or dimension. As expected, good looking, talented people playing sometimes strange but intriguing characters, interacting and moving throughout a giant 5 floor building designed with detail and innumerous curios. At times, I felt like a voyeur, at times a guest, sometimes a witness.  For me, the memory of the experience crosses a long threshold of feelings.   It is like walking down a long path, and you leave a mark in various places during your walk.  No single mark is necessarily related to another, but they are all unique and combine to form the entire experience. That said, I recommend you check it out.  You won't say it wasn't an experience.
Really enjoyed it, but had no idea what the hell was going on 99% of the time.  I tried to follow actors around as a friend suggested, but that got a bit chaotic as everybody else tried to do the same.  It was pitch black, so crowds of people kept bumping into each other.  Not very pleasant, but the set was SO AMAZING.  Really interesting concept.  The mask was a bit uncomfortable and I got really sweaty, but overall a very dramatic and interesting experience!  I just wish they would give you more of an opportunity to understand the plot, without taking away from the mystery.
SHOW: Excellent show! No one speaks for 3 hours and it's interpretive dance - which does not sound intriguing at all to me - yet I found myself fully engaged the entire time. Normally, I'm ready to leave a concert well before the finale...yet this place had plenty to keep me engaged. Moving around helps....such a worthwhile show. So creative and unique!! I have recommended this show to a number of friends and each has come back with positive experiences. I do not think it's necessary to read MacBeth beforehand; nor is it helpful to watch Hitchcock's Rebecca...though both are certainly worth doing. Wear comfortable shoes, you will walk a lot (the entire show, it's immersive theatre and not a sit-down thing). The mask gives you a very interesting sense of comfort; you feel no insecurities in terms of being willing to explore and get close, which is neat. There is nudity and you'll never see the same show twice. Feel free to dig through desks and read letters, get close and enjoy! To clarify since there are numerous 'place names' you'll read about: McKittrick Hotel - Not an actual hotel, it's the name of the massive, 5-story buidling in which the show takes place. Gallow Green - Rooftop bar on top of McKittrick Hotel. Not really related to the show, but a popular staging area before the show. The Heath - Restaurant on the top floor of the McKittick Hotel that is just outside the actual show, but it is still part of the show's "flapper girl /speakeasy" theme. Bartenders and staff are in character in the Heath. You need to make reservations when you order your ticket to the show. Manderlay Bar - A speakeasy bar that is actually inside the show. I think it was on the second floor and it was a little tricky to find. You can take your mask off here, get a drink, and chat. They have a band playing and it's a nice place to hang out. FOOD / DRINKS: I recommend going to Gallow Green rooftop bar before the show for drinks. It's just the next door down on the sidewalk. They have to take you up on the elevator (which are pretty neat too). Don't go to Gallow Green for food though, see my review on Gallow Green. This is also nice because you don't have to wait in a long line on the sidewalk when the show starts, just go down one floor and enter through the Heath. They'll come get you for the show. Better yet, when you buy your tickets to the show, make reservations to have dinner and drinks at the Heath.
I won't spoil it for you.... All I can say is Go...NOW! A thrill for the senses! This an experience that will have you thinking, dreaming and talking about it for days....I'm going again... and yes, it's worth the price.. do's: Wear comfortable shoes and not light clothes, I was sweaty by the end and it's a bit warm in there... Have a couple drinks before the show...need I say more? Bag/coat check is $3...check it all at the door They give you a mask to wear (think Eyes WIde Shut) which is a bit uncomfortable so don't bring glasses. Don't worry about separating from your crew, it will happen and it's more fun that way. CHoose and early start time, you'll have more time in the space if so... EXPLORE!!!!! I loved it and am going again.
This was an amazing experience!! I really didn't know what I was getting myself into since no one wanted to tell me what i was about to endure. I don't want to spoil the fun so the best way to enjoy this play is go in with an open mind for an adventure and DEFINITELY wear comfy shoes...
Super fun and different experience! The show goes on while your exploring and amazing scenery. This threat will last for hours and can be followd by drinks and live jazz at the bar - go for it!
Absolutely mind blowing. Everything about it is brilliant: the music, lighting, choreography, sets, the band, the costumes, performers, the attention to detail, and the entire concept. Wear comfortable shoes and push/shove those Lower East Side hipsters like a true New Yorker if they block your view.   I can't wait to go back. Hope they move to LA soon.
Don't want to spoil it for anyone.....JUST GO!!!!!!
Anyone who is up for a completely unique experience should try this out! BIG note: ***You definitely have to know a bit of Macbeth since the scenes are out of sequence and you kind of stumble upon them as you're walking through this huge mansion. It's also a modern adaptation of Macbeth so you have to apply the story line to the scenes as you see them. It is magical for lack of a better description. Your heart will beat out of your chest as you see white masks chasing an actor covered in blood - it's completely thrilling! There's no talking allowed when you're inside, which heightens your other senses (think creaking floors, foggy rooms, smell of soil, etc.). Don't expect people to tell you where to go or what to expect at each turn as the staff looks to you to create your own experience literally from the moment you enter the building. Even when we were looking for the exit at the very end, the staff only looked in the direction of the exit with absolutely no words. Enjoy!!
Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more" Macbeth Quote (Act V, Scene V). The Setting: Think Stanley Kubrick. Yes, the masks echo scenes from Eyes Wide Shut but also the 1920s dream-like sequence from The Shining, only with dim lighting and a foreboding darkness. The Experience: Players in tuxes, martini glass laden 1920s setup,  $10 shot of absinthe at the bar, some Shakespeare, avante guard dance, a little jazz, some eerie music, bare breasts, a couple of exposed penises,  dim-lighting, running in the dark (falling in the for me) Must Try: Personally, I recommend following Macbeth and Lady Macbeth. They are easy to spot given that Macbeth is a little more stylishly dishevled than the other blokes in the cast. You get three consecutive run-throughs of the show and might have better idea of storyline should you follow the leading actors first. Don't neglect the other actors as there is plenty of dramatic eye candy abound. Fun Note: Stop by the candy store! There are jars of candy in one room with backlit shelves. Load up! The juxtaposition of gum drops and hard candy against the dark background is an interesting combination. Sweets to sweet. (Get it? Hamlet? Death? People getting murdered in the SNM play. Didn't want you to think I didn't know the original meaning behind the famous quote.) Do Not List: Don't fall- wiped out on the stairs while chasing Macbeth. Chase after the actors but do not crowd them. The actors will stage fights and dance sequences which can lead to convulsing bodies and spontaneous kicking. It's no wonder why Kelly Osbourne got a black eye in the SNM play. Final Words: Sleep No More? Sleep you shall I say! After running around in the dark, buzzing on pre and post cocktails, I strutted and fretted and then I was heard no more back at the hotel. The End
Immerse yourself in a dark macabre and mystic world of a 1940s noir nightmare and you be in the McKittrick Hotel experiencing Sleep No More. This "play", if you want to call it that, is an explosion of environmental interaction and a living film all at once. I highly recommend this fantastic experience to anyone with a desire for mood altering theatrics!
Definitely an experience like no other. I am giving it 5 stars because it was extremely well done, the sets were so elaborate and well put together, the actors were fantastic/intense and it was just so unique and different. I had mixed feelings about it at first. I felt lost and directionless which I don't like so it gave me a lot of anxiety. There was a mazelike area (supposed to be a forest) that I went in right away and felt lost and disoriented, so I had a mini-anxiety attack D: Then I started to relax a bit and open up and let go. It felt like being in an RPG and I used to love playing those games as a kid so I started to open up to the experience...try to do the same! I can't lie - the presence of the other people bothered me. And since they let more and more people the later it gets, it becomes more and more crowded. Everyone tries to catch the action scenes and chases the actors so that's a bit annoying. A horde of people in masks speed walking toward you? Not pleasant. And if you get to a scene late and it's a small area, you may not be able to see well. But people aside, it's a fantastic production. So try to enjoy it the best you can. TIPS: *They recommend contacts but if you wear GLASSES, you can wear them under your mask, I did. It's adjustable in the back so you just position it over your glasses (as long as you don't wear giant grandpa specs). It's pretty dark in there so it definitely helps to be able to see. Also, the actors are very intense and since they don't talk, they do these interpretive dance routines with a lot of writhing and kicking. If you are not careful, you can get kicked in the face. So wear your glasses so you can see well and stand back.  My friend had a similar concern with wearing fake eyelashes (hey, different priorities) but she was fine wearing those with the mask too. *Go to the earlier show - 7pm. It'll be least crowded since they let people in at 15 min. intervals. *As it gets later and later, they start closing off the floors starting from the top. I think they want to herd everyone downward to see the final scene. So visit the top floor early on as you won't be able to get back there at a certain point. *Keep moving. I was frustrated at first because I wasn't find any good scenes (good=nudity) so I thought maybe I should sit by the bathtub, someone's bound to get nekkid here. I am glad I didn't - I'd have missed out on a lot. It also seemed like they opened certain doors at particular times b/c when I'd be visiting a certain floor again, there'd be someone holding a door for you. **DO NOT MISS THE DANCING ORGY SCENE so make sure you visit the 4th floor frequently** I don't want to give away any more spoilers but that one scene had my mouth hanging open. *Dress comfortably - you are moving around for hours and running up and down stairs. It will also get very hot in there because of all the people (and the nudity! Wink wink) *Ladies: You must check your coats and purses. It's $4. I didn't feel too comfortable leaving my valuables so I wore a blazer with pockets and took my cell phone, money and credit cards with me and checked my purse/outdoor jacket. It did end up getting hot in the blazer though so if you could just use pant pockets and wear short sleeves, that's ideal. *Try not to stick together. It was pretty annoying to try to navigate a hallway when you have a couple or 2 girls holding hands in front of you or stumbling around looking for their friend. It's better alone anyway, you're not distracted by each other. And you're not supposed to talk anyway.
A mysterious, dark, scary, memorable experience! The last time I had this much fun running around was when I was 5 years old at the playground.  There was so much to see, appreciate, taste, open, read, touch, smell.  The sets are amazing and as you follow the performers, you're often able to dig up and re-examine the things they leave behind.  At one point, I even got to dance with a witch!   However, as just one observer limited by your own faculties in a sprawling warehouse, you can't expect to get everything that's going on.  You'll have to pick and choose. As a result, you'll completely depend on your knowledge of Macbeth. From knowing Macbeth beforehand, you'll be able to assign the performers, know which act you're in, and know who's worth following. Definitely follow the characters, if you're interested in the play.  There's not too much you can gleem from studying the sets without the players, who fight, cry, dance, and get naked.... a lot. It was a wonderful evening, and I returned home happy, buzzed, tired, and bloody (don't worry it was fake blood and machine washable). I look forward to Punchdrunk's next play.  Hope it will be in NYC again!
This was the coolest thing I've done involving mystery in my adult life.
I didn't get it. Neither did my husband, nor the four parties we talked to afterwards. We opened every door, followed actors, interacted, but the show is just not worth the high reviews it gets. Save your time and money and skip this one.
The experience felt pretentious and a bit claustrophobic.  They intentionally split up groups, claiming that the experience is best done alone.  Obviously, this means that this isn't the best place to go on a date, since you can spend time alone without paying through the nose for it otherwise.
I did not know what to expect when I attended this show.  I roamed around for about 30 minutes, just going in and out of rooms, looking into drawers and reading random notes.  that quickly got boring.  then i stumbled onto some actors and the that's when the real fun began.  Note to "average" people you are used to formulaic hand holding in their story telling, this show is not for you.  this show requires you to use as much of your imagination as the creators did in making it happen. I followed a few actors, but once the crowd got too big around one actor i would splinter off from the herd and look for another.  I finally settled in on the second floor in this room with a bathtub.  a man and a women were fighting in a fierce modern dance style, he would leave and come back covered in blood.  I followed the actress in the scene because I thought she was simply stunning to watch.  I was not disappointed.  I'm already planning my next visit.
I had heard so much about SNM, so My expectations were high. We had to wait at least 30 mins before getting into the show. Once we got it, i found the experience totally unimpressive (same for my wife), got bored after the first hour. Expensive and totally not worth it for me.
Wow! Meticulously thought out and intricately implemented... If you're looking for a different kind of "performance", then you won't be disappointed... Remember to wear flat shoes, skip the coat check as the line goes forever and brush up on your Hitchcock before you go.
My wife and I saw this show almost two months ago and still talk about it.  Apart from the usual precautions and warnings (wear comfortable shoes, and wear contacts if you need glasses), I'll add this: don't worry about getting separated.  You will find each other.  Also, don't worry if, an hour into the show, you don't quite understand what's going on or how anything relates to anything else.  Remarkably, it all comes together in the final scene.
The jazz band singer/band on the 2nd floor was excellent. We also loved our dinner (the steak was especially tasty) and band that played during dinner. The show itself was interesting for a short period of time but not for two hours. The audience scurrying around like they were on an Easter egg hunt was equally as entertaining as the performance. We'll definitely be back for dinner or a visit to the roof bar. We had the price fixe menu for dinner at $48 per person. Drinks were in the $12-$14 range
WOW. That is one word to describe this unique and voyeuristic experience! I bought my tickets a few months ago, and could not wait to see this show. I read the tips, and thank goodness I wore comfortable shoes! I did my best to follow the characters, and still, I think I missed a few scenes. Some people were slow to follow the characters, so I got lost. But I was able to follow the crowd and view more scenes. My tip: Definitely go in open-minded. You make the experience your own. You decide if you want to follow one or multiple characters. You decide to touch, to open, or to eat from the candy shop. The choice is yours, and that's what I loved about this show. Every individual that enters this hotel comes back with a different experience that you will be talking about for a long time. Stay close to the secondary characters. I was lucky enough to have a one-on-one and share a piece of candy! GO NOW! You will not regret it. It's been extended for another week! p.s. The mask is an awesome keepsake!
I can't believe I didn't write a review of this! Shame on me. I went a few months ago with a friend of mine. All I can say is that it was the single best theaterical experince ever. It is well worth the price of admission. It truly is like entering some strange, ethereal dreamscape... or rather nightmare-scape, at some times.
I loved it, and so did my husband. He actually watched Macbeth the next day. We are excited to go back. A few recommendations: 1) Wear comfortable shoes, and clothing that you are comfortable taking stairs in (if you have trouble taking stairs, you can likely take an elevator, but will need to work that out with the production company) 2) You will have to check your coat ($4, for each coat, should be complimentary in my opinion) and your bag (not even tiny purses). So plan for that. My husband had to carry my wallet and phone, while I stuck a credit card in my shoe. 3) Wander off on your own and explore. I did not enjoy the crowds, so I did my own thing, and had a blast. 4) Go early, so you can get your moneys worth and also to explore the hotel with less crowds.
Sleep No More is a voyeuristic choose-your-own-adventure theater experience, centered on the story of Macbeth. This is definitely not for the faint of heart. I scare relatively easily so buddied up with some girlfriends while we ran around. Navigating the dimly lit to pitch black passages together made it infinitely less scary. It's a bit hard to figure out the characters unless they're interacting with other characters, but the mystery is a huge part of the fun. While it can be creepy, exploring the nooks and crannies of the different rooms is a huge part of what makes the experience interactive and fun. Make sure to grabe a sweet or two from the candy shop. I loved the idea of "hiding" the audience behind Venetian style masks. That made it super easy to distinguish performer from audience member. Contrary to what previous reviews said, coat check is not free. So bring a few dollars to pay for it. It's definitely not worth carrying a bag around as you will be running around, up and down stairs, watching the performance unfold.
Go.  With an open mind. It's simply not like anything else you're likely to experience. I loved the show, and split my time between following an actor around and just exploring the space. I agree with other reviewers who've said you probably do need to follow the actors around to have the most dynamic experience. That said, I enjoyed wandering through empty rooms at times just letting my imagination go. I did get tired at times of fighting off all the type-A attendees who were more than willing to push others out of the way to get a better view of something, which is the reason I couldn't give the show 5 stars.   It can be crowded and hot, and you will walk/run around a lot. Go anyway, and wear comfortable shoes. Although my SO and I stuck together during the show and enjoyed it that way, I would recommend going it alone so you can follow your fancy and not spend some of your time craning your neck and searching for your companion who will look like everyone else wearing the mask. This is so well done and unique. I feel fortunate to have had a chance to go.
Juilliard School graduates + Master Piece + Amazing Staging + Massive Orgy? WHAT??? YES PLEASE. In NY for few days and don't know what to do? Go and experience Sleep No More. You won't regret it. My close friend and I have this thing called Major "FOMO" - ( Fear Of Missing Out). Thanks to our self-invented and diagnosed syndrome, we embarked on this incredible interactive show Sleep No More experience. Had no idea what it was about and dropped $100 per person, but was totally worth it. We walked out from the McKittrick Hotel with our jaws dropped. Get your tickets early, go with bunch of friends and don't be afraid of splitting up. Incredible adventure you should not miss out when you are in NY.
How does this not 5 stars? I won't rehash what other reviewers have said.  I came here during summer of 2011.  Hands down the most amazing experience I've had in my past three visits to NYC.  It's the one I mention time and time again.   With the exception of brushing up on your MacBeth, the less you know, the better.
Loved it!  Definitely an experience.  I'd recommend shoes over flip flops or anything open toe.  There are mounds of dirt in some rooms.  It's dark, gets a little confusing but I promise you won't be bored.
Absolutely Fantastic! I roamed around the floors and happened upon some crazy scenes but i wasnt lucky enough to be in a room one on one with an actor or be apart of the "strobe dance- blood orgy" some of my friends were in. Damn! but i did see a very intimate scene between two female nurses in the spooky woods near the wood hut. I was with only 4 or so people and that made it that much realer. My advice: dont just stick to the main actors, usually theres a crowd of about 20-30 people around them at all times. SPOILER: I mean yea the Lady macbeth "out out damn spot" scene in the bathtub was cool, and her love scene outside the graveyard, but i've heard the smaller characters are more apt to be more personal and cool. Like the pregnant lady, witch, and bell man's dance by the hotel reception, Whoa. And i was one of the few people to see the witch bring back the bald guy (the king?) and waltz around with him in the main room. All i can say is WHOA, I didnt expect that, and i wish i could have been multiple places at once. So please dont be lazy and waste your money, absorb as much as you can!!!
Intense Intense Intense! I entered without any premonition and expectation and I was blown away by the quality of expressionist acting and mind-blowing sets and costumes. From the lounge MC's to the elevator bellmen, the serious tones set the stage for what was  for me, a panoramic sensory interactive experience! I don't know if my heart was beating so fast from running or the intensity of emotions evoked! Have a drink in between to take a break and if you try to take a prop from the rooms ( I tried with the feather) the black masked people with gently ask you to return in promptly. They're on the ball!! What an ingenious way to profit nightly on rotational show times! I hope they make buckets! so well deserved! I can't wait to go again!
Dear people who wrote reviews like "I didn't get it, maybe it was me?" or "somehow I missed the action" - no it wasn't your fault. This is a brilliant concept with a horrendously bad execution. Honestly the guy who gave the intake speech in the bar and the elevator dude who took us in were the best part. Trust me, the idea sounded cool: an interactive play set in a huge warehouse with multiple floors of trippy landscapes where you can't talk and can choose to follow or not follow the action as characters go on their way. In reality, following a (totally talented) actor not speak and but then struggling to catch a glimpse of him or her mime-dance while 40 sweaty idiotic people next to you jostle and bash into you as they too try to get a view of the action...it sucked. Feeling like you're missing action elsewhere, and that you can't even see what you want to because it's so crowded, it was just a FAIL. People were obsessively following the actors in hoardes and it felt like we were all desperate to get entertainment that just wasn't being delivered. I was split up with my girlfriend in the beginning, but when I found her, we played along for an hour until the going up and down the stairs following dumb boring play-acting just wore us both down and we found ourselves shrugging annoyed and wanting to leave. Like the weird five minutes where a woman pretended she was being raped in a dramatic sillydance but was alone on a bed with no one else. It was just strange. We also found ourselves going to the same places again and again, maybe we missed something, but it didn't feel as expansive and mysterious I'd expected. They were blocking floor 5 and we didn't care to wait maybe they opened it. We did catch a glimpse of one slow motion dinner scene that was very cool although I found myself asking wow did I miss all these other cool things, or was some other poor schmo distracted watching stupid dancing somewhere and not seeing this scene? How is it that I never missed something cool in a movie or other play before? Oh because it wasn't set up retardedly and there was only one place to look - FORWARD! Also, I guess the interactive part was kind of overstated because I'd been told the actors will interact with you directly at points and none of that was happening here, they just pushed us aside when we got in their way. An awkward Asian girl tried to hand an actor a teacup and he just ignored her and she awkwardly put it back and slumped away. It was kind of funny/sad, actually. Kind of like the whole experience - if it wasn't $100 a person. Ripoff / crappy execution / total disappointment. Like whoa. Seriously go have a spa day or some shit.
Having read a review of Sleep no More in a news paper, me and my significant other booked our tickets before we booked the flights for our 6 day stay in NY. Since we both share the same taste for unusual movies and stories, we could not pass up on this even if the concept was quite hard to understand from a review. All we knew was that Sleep no More was like an immersion theater show, performed on and in a large multi story stage, and loosely based on MacBeth. Definitely intriguing. Even with high expectations, we were not disappointed. The stage is set and the outside world starts to fade as soon as you check your coat. You are embraced by a early 20th century bar which lulls you in in a quite gentle, but still somewhat uneasy atmosphere. A short while later, when you have your mask and is riding the elevator, the experience takes over.   A long time after the show, me and a couple of friends were at a restaurant when a girl at the table next to us tried to explain to her friend about a "massive crazy theater that you walk around in with a mask...". I had to ask if it was Sleep no More, which it was, and we were both puzzled in trying to explain the experience to our friends.
Yelp should consider giving out 6 stars, this is truly a must when it comes to having the ultimate New York City experience!!!  The experience was AMAZING!!! The whole 3 hour experience was just jammed packed with sensory overloads, adrenaline rush, and this ultra alert state where I felt like I didn't blink my eye for the entire 3 hours that I was there, so be prepared for your body to feel what it has never experienced before!  Also, there will be a lot of walking and a lot of discovering in this 5 story hotel, so rest up!   The whole show / experience was very well played from the beginning to the end.  I felt like they knew who you came with and they try their best to separate you from the pack.  When we were first escorted to the hotel through the elevator, the guide would trick people into getting off elevators on different floors - I was holding hands with my friends at the time and the guide purposely stopped me from leaving the elevator while the rest of my group got dropped off at different levels.  All in all, it was a great idea because it really is near impossible to stay with your friends at the beginning, and the setup of the show highly encourages you to make this a self exploration type of experience.   One thing about the show that stops me from giving it 7 stars is the fact that the story didn't come together for me aside from the murder and the bathtub scene, but I definitely enjoyed following the characters whenever I can.  The whole experience is very surreal, with everyone wearing masks and poking around in all difference sections of the hotel, so even if the story isn't coherent, it's still an amazing 3 hours of my life!!!   Also, as they said in the show, fortune favors the bold, so be bold when you are exploring every nook and cranny of the hotel!!!
If you miss this, you are missing out on one of the most amazing experiences ever. You should go not knowing much and also make sure to seperate from whoever you are with...its best to experience this on your own. It's one of the best things i've ever experienced in NY in the 11 years I've been here...seriously, GO!!! The set design leaves me speechless.
This show is interesting. I can appreciate they are trying to do something different and interactive. Yet I feel it is hard to get the story line as there is so much running around. I would have liked the actors to stay in one scene a bit longer rather than everything moving and changing so fast. More dancing would have been good. It was all a bit strange. But worth going to because people seem to love it. I was definitely ready for it to end. My feet and legs were tired by the end of the night, but I also did a day of walking around the city. The air-conditioning was on too high in the building too. To sum it up it was interesting.
Great. It's like you are part of the performance. It's hard to follow at times because there's different parts of the play happening all over so it's basically whenever you end up catching it. Wear comfy shoes and it gets hot so layer or dress to run around. Hit the bar/lounge with live music after :)
I went here on a recommendation of some friends. I had no expectations or any clue of what was going to happen. I was glad that I went without any expectations,therefore I wont spoil it for anyone else. It was very entertaining. Even better, all four of us had a completely different experience at the same hotel. I completely missed the hospital part of the hotel that would have given me a clue of what was going on. Still, I highly recommend it.
Awesome is best way to describe it. My boyfriend took me here as part of an anniversary surprise. I've been wanting to go here since last year! I won't spoil anything but here are some rules you should def consider- 1. Follow follow follow follow the main character and the crowd. The tall handsome bloody faced man. Follow him the entire time so you understand the story. Yes, you will be mini stalkers bc you literally have to run/power walk behind him. Many people wandered and only caught some parts of the story. You can be easily distracted by other things going on around you. I was front and center, literally pacing behind the actor the whole time. Don't be afraid to get up close and personal. 2. Hydrate and wear comfortable shoes. You will be running up and down stairs if you really wanna follow this story. SPOILER ALERT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 3. There is nudity. Not a whole lot but you will have completely nude  MEN at very close proximity and topless women. This is an interactive performance. 4. There is no talking, you wear a mask and you'll probably lose whoever you are with. They try to split people up. If you are worried about sticking with people you came with you will lose track of what's happening. I was alone within 5 minutes and spent the entire time running after the main character. I stuck around for the 2nd show as well. Each time you will discover something new you didn't see before. I understand why people go back. The tickets are worth it. I time traveled back in time and was part of a very cool experience.
Awesome show, very unique experience, dark, sultry, and dream-like.  You are completely transformed to another world.  The set is amazing and you can touch and feel anything you want, just put it back. To prepare: 1) Review MacBeth and do research on the characters in the play. 2) Pick who you want to follow and adamently follow someone from start to finish to catch the whole story, otherwirse you will have a WTF moment.  The story resets every hour so you can follow someone else if you want.  *Keep your chracter in sight, you will LOSE them if you are too slow!*   3) Wear comfy shoes and be prepared to run up and down many flights of stairs 4) Avoid coat check so you have a fast and easy exit (No purses, no coats) 5) Allow time before or after the show to chill at the bar, it's really cool.   6) It's really dusty in there, you may need your inhaler or allergy pills if you are sensitive to that kind of stuff. ENJOY THE SHOW!
Absolutely amazing! Everyone gets a different feeling because you become part of it and you choose your own way of seeing it, but yes "fortune favors the bold" Ahh! This is a MUST GO! It will be better if you go early, I went in at 11pm and missed some plot by trying to identify the characters so more time to explore would probably be helpful Also, review Macbeth before you go
I think there are two types of people in the world: those that love this show, and those that hate it - there's really no middle ground. I'm very much the latter, so if you're an artsy-fartsy optimist who just bought your ticket, stop reading this review. The abundance of useful, thorough Yelp reviews for Sleep No More very accurately portray the experience, and I knew this was something I'd never have wanted to do. Even for free. During work hours. Alas, as a two-year anniversary "gift" to show just how well he really knew me, my ex-boyfriend got us tickets on the eve of a nor'easter last October. The night of the show, I called the theater, fingers crossed it was cancelled due to the most horrible little snowstorm this recently transplanted Southerner had ever seen. Alas, they NEVER cancel, so be prepared to get yo'self all the way to 27th and 11th, in any event. (This show was not worth the umbrella I broke nor the irreparable damage done to my "weather-proof" shoes en route.) One star for the solid workout I got trucking up and down stairwells in utter silence wearing massive snowboots, soaked to the bone, donning a creepy white mask many other sweaty, ripped-off participants had worn before me. Second star goes to the beautiful set design and stunning venue itself - I'd have loved to go through this as a haunted house or just stay in the lounge and get speakeasy cocktails with friends or something. Lastly, honorable mention to the red-haired dude who leapt naked from a bathtub. Seeing a bearded ginger in the buff had long been on my bucket list. Honestly, many of my friends loved Sleep No More. And, they're still my friends (just not boyfriends). I highly recommend reading through some of these detailed Yelp reviews and deciding if this is your thang before you buy a ticket for yourself (or a loved one).
This is excellent if you're into literature/theater and film noir.  It's certainly a unique experience. A word of warning, I read up on it, I didn't read all the spoliers but I knew to bone up on my Macbeth before going.  I still feel like I underachieved.  You get out of this what you put into it, and what you choose to do with your time affects your experience.  It is possible to come out with a very fragmented experience.  It can also be a little physically demanding as you're going up and down stairs for hours. If you're into traditional narrative, I'd definitely recommend sticking with a main character to try and figure out what's going on.  I think my mistake was switching off and sticking with secondary characters for too long- they have some cool stuff going on, but I think when they're not actively in the plot you're essentially watching them waste time while the main narrative is going on elsewhere. The problem with the sticking with main characters strategy is you may well be one part of a large herd that follows the main characters.  Also, try to get an entry time that maximizes your time in the Hotel. It is definitely worth experiencing.
The coolest, sexiest, most wild, mind-blowing, experience I've ever had in New York. Take your curiosity with you and leave any preconceived notions about theater at home. Open the door of your imagination and step inside of the McKittrick hotel. Prepare to be spellbound.
I wasn't 100% what to expect.  What I got was AMAZING.  The 'experience' starts from the very beginning.  It is hard to write just how great this was without saying too much!  "Julian" the host was the perfect combination of hot and creepy to set the tone for the rest of the night.  My friend and I had two completely different experiences starting right off from the elevator ride (which btw the elevator attendant was brilliant).   My friend followed and actor.  He loved it. It was his second time.  I wandered around and ran into actors and scenes and it was all just an experience you will never forget.   The actors are top notch and the setting is over the top.  I opened very drawer, cabinet, everything.  I will be talking about this for a long time to come.  I am totally going back and will follow an actor this time and get a totally new experience. I am telling everyone I know in NYC or going there that they have to do this! I can't wait to do it again!
By far, the most insanely wonderful experience I have had in NY in several years. Period. So good, we went back the following week just to see more! One of the actresses told us after the show, there are 17 hours of material in each hour of the show. Couple of tips: -Be open to the idea of this concept. Don't be scared. NOTHING will hurt you. My first experience, I was so scared, I didn't get as much out of it that I could have. Second time I was open to anything happening, and boy did it! (But I won't give spoilers in a post!) Mind blowing! -Go early! Get the 7pm entry. It gives you one extra hour in the experience. -I highly suggest splitting up. When you are with someone, you are drawn to different things. Don't let someone hold you back, or vice versa. We split up the 2nd time (not by our choice at first) and each of us had so many more interesting thing happen. BOTH of us interacted directly with the characters. -Wear comfy shoes. You will run, you will be dirty, and you will sweat. -Follow characters, both the mains and the supporting characters. Also explore a little on your own. Don't forget to look in and around things. -Things aren't always what they seem....and be ok with that. -Stick around after the show for a drink in the lounge. The actors/actresses will come out for a chat and a drink. Again, I can't recommend this enough. It's unbelievable. You'll definitely leave wanting more and wondering what else is going on behind the walls. And there's no telling what actually is....
Saw the show last night and it was AMAZING!!!!!
BELIEVE. THE. HYPE. They've said it all. It was a unique, experience of a lifetime for both of us. Pity photographing is not allowed inside, because otherwise I would have taken some spectacular shots of....everything. Rock up with an open mind, and be as game for anything as you can ever be, folks. Loved the masks, the nude act, and the peeps running after the actors everywhere. One thing of note is that in the very beginning, the mysterious bloke in the lift separated us purposefully, and for the first I-have-no-idea-how-long, we ended up wandering the dark and weird spaces on our own.....in hindsight it was thrilling, but at the same time, not very nice! It took us about 3 hours to 'tour' every space there was, and we left in amazement.
If you are into exploring 100 rooms, most of which are empty, and have no relationship to the plot, and if you enjoy being jostled by other patrons who spend three hours running wildly up and down stairs and between rooms chasing actors, then this is for you.  The set detail is wonderful, yet irrelevant.  Ok, there is a padded room.  So what?  It's irrelevant to the plot.  Cool maze where you really feel you are outside. Irrelevant to the plot.  And on and on for 90 out of the 100 rooms.  When you actually stumble upon a "scene," the nonverbal acting is pretty good.  But really, they have no speaking lines to worry about, so I wouldn't gush about it.  Good exercise though.  You go up and down the stairs multiple times as part of your meaningless wanderings.  Given all the hype, this was one of the most disappointing experiences I have ever had.  This emperor has no clothes.
I'm a Burner and a big theatre goer.  This is like a dream combination of the Burning Man experience (without the dust) and an intense entertainment.  You just have to let go and let the experience happen.  I hope that I'll be able to see make this experience again.
I want to start out this review by confessing that I PURPOSEFULLY didn't look at the reviews on Yelp before I went, which, as you can imagine, was REALLY HARD not to do. One of my rules of living is "Always Yelp it first", but I didn't want it to be given away. I can see that you couldn't help yourself and are looking before you go*, but, fear not, I don't think that it will taint your experience. The set is awesome. Just awesome. Clearly, a lot of time and thought went into all of the different rooms and what was put in them. Looking back on the experience, I wish I had spent more time just aimlessly walking around and perusing all of the props everywhere, instead of helplessly chasing after all of the actors. It was exhausting, and, more often than not, led to a scene that wasn't worth chasing after. At all. One thing I did know before going in is that they do everything they can to separate you from the person or people that you came with. While I was reluctant to be apart from my boo (especially since she had been wanting to go for ages and I surprised her with the tickets), I'm glad that we stayed apart for at least a little bit of the time. If I were to do it all over again, I would  have advocated for us being apart from one another for 95% of the experience. Yeah, it was fun raiding the free candy in one of the rooms with her, but it probably would have been more fun to talk about it afterwards (you know, when we could actually talk) if we had both seen different things. I realllllly wanted to love Sleep No More. I really, really did**. But, it didn't happen for me***. I didn't find the all-over-the-place nature of the show appealing. Maybe I'm more of the "perform in front of me while I just sit here in my seat" kind of guy. I don't know. My lady, who is your typical sophisticated theater-going New Yorker, enjoyed the show VERY much, and, at the end of the day, that's all that really mattered to me. If you decide to go, four pieces of advice: 1. Hit up a bar beforehand for a few drinks (don't be suckered in to the overpriced bar in the waiting area); 2. Don't wear a lot of layers (I wasn't kidding about that mandatory, overpriced coat check), 3. Ditch who you came with and worry about yourself; and, 4: Don't be afraid to explore! ____ * / looking to see if you can justify spending $100+ on a ticket. ** Especially because I LOVED those "Choose Your Own Adventure" type books when I was a kid. *** And it wasn't because of the mandatory, EXTREMELY overpriced coat check (although, let's be real, it didn't help).
Do it! Just go...  i almost do not want to give it away, really all I can say it is superb!  The smells, the sounds, the cocktails- it is all done flawlessly.  Really it is worth the $100+ maybe even more so then a Broadway show!  Wear comfortable shoes! I am not into haunted houses, feeling claustrophobic and/ or people jumping out at me... and I was nervous but quickly these fears melted away... the entire thing is excellent! Stop reading this review and go!!!
This is the most incredible event I have attended since moving to NYC two years ago.  Completely amazing and unforgettable.   My advice is: be curious and wander.....I was fortunate enough to be pulled aside by actors to secret rooms, and it was an unbelievable experience.  GO!
Sleep No More is an amazing experience.  I would definitely recommend it over your usual broadway routine.  I want to go back next time I'm in NYC though, because I think I missed some parts. Here are some tips: 1) Brush up on your MacBeth.  I hadn't read or seen it in a LONG time, and without the dialog I felt a little lost at times.  (Not a fan of Shakespeare?  Try "Scotland, PA" for a fun twist on the classic.) 2) Wear something comfortable.  There's a lot of up and down stairs, chasing after performers... I got a little warm in my blazer.  (There is a coat check... I was kicking myself for not using it.)  Also wear comfortable footwear.  I'd recommend against stiletto heels ladies. 3) Explore! 4) If one of the performers beckons you to join them... DO IT!  This did not happen to me, but from what I've heard it is a rare and interesting experience... and I've heard of some idiot patrons refusing this opportunity.  Don't be an idiot. 5) Definitely head to the bar afterward and enjoy the lovely jazz performances and throw back a few cocktails.  Or split a bottle of prosecco.  Or both! Cheers!
OMFG. AMAZING. **No words can describe** Marla Phelan is sexy as hell too. She's the Sexy Witch.
Outstanding theatrical event.  Definitely not to be missed.  They've just extended it through September, but tickets go quickly so get there soon!
The show is  a complete waste of your time and money, they take themselves way too seriously for something with such low production values. Walk around aimlessly in a cheaply built, dirty,  dusty, B horror movie set, with actors/dancers performing third rate versions of something half way between Pina Bausch and a wax museum. But with no creativity and amateurish technique. OK they took the fourth wall down, you are in the show wearing venetian masks, but that's not exactly eyes wide shut either, more like a Scooby Doo version of it. Then when you want to get out they make a point  of giving you bad directions, probably some creative genius that thought " and we are going to make them go crazy and have this feeling of being trapped in a maze from hell".  Well... it kinds of work. Totally lame. I  think having a root canal would be more fun.
I heard about sleep no more from colleagues who raved about it (they went twice, which I can understand now since you can't possibly see everything in one night). The tickets are on the expensive side, about 80 per person. Personally, I think it's worth it to go. You know you're curious, so just give into temptation and splurge..you will have a fun time! The actors/dancers are really talented. They perform everything twice(when I was there) and I'm sure at least another time before I went. If you do go, try to get an earlier time, because then you can stay longer and possibly see more. The actor are very serious and into their characters, which makes their experience all the more real. (There are those audience members who snicker at their intense performances, but that's because they don't appreciate or understand how much work goes into doing what they do). Anyways, I would recommend reading at least a brief summary of macbeth(i did) and i felt it helped me connect and understand the character's stories. When you follow the characters, there can be huge crowds and almost impossible to catch up with the characters. I didn't stay with any specific character, but I saw the "focal" point- what people call the orgy scene, I read that characters would interact with audience member and take them into room and stuff..didn't get to experience any of that, but my friend did. So jealous!! By the end, we were so curious how everything connects and talked for a while about what we saw and what we didn't. I didn't buy the book at the very end, which explains everything..ugh, so cheap i know. Overall, a great experience. Would recommend it and would think about going with a friend who hasn't seen it yet, just to see what I didn't get to.
First things first - if you see a long review....DONT READ IT! Quick background It's an interactive sort of play/performance based on Shakespeare's Macbeth. Tips 1. Go with an open mind. 2. Wear comfortable clothing and shoes, you will be moving around. 3. The earlier times cost more but allow you to experience more. 4. There isn't much talking so it would help to know a brief summary of Macbeth just so you can follow the story line. It's a show for those seeking a different experience! Have fun!
If you want to get your Indiana Jones on and get some exploring done, you've come to the right place. If that also means you're down for getting a little boozed up and wearing a mask the entire time. Sleep no more takes place in a "haunted" hotel and features a live interactive variation performance of Shakespeare's MacBeth. If you've never read it, don't worry. It's still going to be tons of fun. I'm just going to judge you and stick my nose up in the air as I walk by. I joke, but you should really read it. When you step you are at the bar. Live music and drinks. No they are not complementary. It would be nice, the tickets are expensive so you would hope, but they are not. Typical Manhattan prices for the drinks. But you're here to have fun, spend a few extra bucks. Then the fun starts. You'll be sent into an elevator which stops at different floors. Word on the street is, you should get off at the top, if you can. Because you won't be able to later. Don't try to stay with someone if you want to have fun. We we're thinking about it at first but there is no way to stay with someone if you want to have fun. This is about exploring and occasionally annoying the performers if you're like me. Basically you're gonna follow these actors and actresses around as they do different stuff. Sometimes you can be following a servant, sometimes MacBeth himself. I liked following Lady MacBeth, she's sassy and got some spunk. The truth is you don't need to follow the actors all the time. Some people just kept following them even though not much was happening. Sheep I tell you. Don't be like them. Go into rooms. Explore. Open books. Find FREE CANDY (warning, it's grandma candy though) Regardless it was free. Had me wanting to sing some Mandy Moore, but alas, NO TALKING.   My favorite room was the basement. Exploring galore. I followed one of the characters being tucked away by his maid. As he passed out she got on the bed and was all hot and bothered. I was like "Oh snap". She was being naughty. I then was next to the couch where she came over to be a bit more freaky. Did I move? Hell no. Though she did eventually push me out of the way. Once she left, I went looking around. I looked into the chest. Blazers and jackets galore. I started wearing the one which best went with my outfit. A nice solid navy. I was wearing it for a good 30 minutes downstairs as one of the non performers (workers wearing black masks) approached me. He notified me that they needed the blazer back. I reluctantly gave it back but asked if I can grab another. They said no. Went back upstairs to find some chick in bed with MacBeth, damn jezebel. Sure enough Lady MacBeth wasn't having that. She got in there and tossed her out of the bed. I then jumped on the side laid down near them but not on the bed. It got intense. Some throwing, hair grabbing, my kinda action. One room I went into was weird. It didn't fit the design of other things. Had a big M on the door. It had marble floors. Weird water contraptions on the wall. And some guy was in small room within it, making weird sounds. And it smelled. They did have a device on the wall which dispensed paper towel so I can swipe the sweat off my mask. So that came in handy. Every time something good was going down I made sure to sit legs crisscrossed in the middle of it all. Watching the fun unfold. Occasionally someone had to come over and move me but so what. I was in the middle of all the fun. As I mentioned the tickets are expensive so unless you get real interactive, you are not getting your money's worth. Don't be boring. Have fun. Explore!
There is nothing quite like Sleep No More. If thinking outside the box is out of your comfort zone, you might not appreciate this show. But if you're willing to try something very, very different (read: open your mind, cast off any expectations, and brush up on your MacBeth before going), you will be richly rewarded for your efforts. This show is amazing. The set is incredible and the actors (all professional dancers) are talented beyond belief. My advice if you go (and you really really should go): - wear comfy shoes (this can't be said enough). You will feel the urge to chase at least a couple of the actors at some point). - do this on your own. Allow yourself the freedom to explore by yourself and I mean EXPLORE. Open drawers, search the pockets of clothes in closets, eat the candy in the candy shop. Try to open every door. You never know what you'll find. - try to go to the early show. The show itself loops three times so if you enter early there's a good chance you'll see a lot more and have more time to explore. Go. Go. Go.
I was actually just searching Gothic Cabinet to review them and was surprised when, for some reason, Sleep No More came up. I feel compelled to write a review. I saw/experienced Sleep No More last year on a date. If you don't know, Sleep No More is a series of out-of-sequence vignettes that overlap; a collage of concurrent or overlapping vignettes that you have to piece together to understand what's going on. Imagine if the "Pulp Fiction" happened as a live performance piece, even more out of order, and with all stories being acted out practically simultaneously. Let me start by telling you, you get what you put in. You need to be ready to be active and run, rather, chase down performers to put pieces of the puzzle together... and if you're like me you still won't understand what's going on:) They offer to sell you a book explaining the plot on your way out, which I was about to buy but my date stopped me, admonishing me that I could probably just Google around and find it. Understanding or not understanding is besides the point, and if you haven't yet experienced this you won't know what I'm talking about, and you won't understand why, regardless of my understanding what the heck happened that night, I'm still giving 5 stars.
No matter what any of these one star users say, they cannot deny that this may be the most innovative and unique theatrical production that any of us will have experienced.  Do not miss this show and just decide for yourself.  DO consider how open you are and how much you can allow yourself to be open to.  If you like Stanley Kubrick films: Eyes Wide Shut and The Shining, and the movie The Cell, and you are a curious and open person and can truly appreciate a visceral experience for the mere sake of it, then this is your show.  People, It is NOT the Lion King. It is NOT for children. It is NOT a family show. It is freaking weird.  Those people who are super curious about everything and can just go along for the ride are the ones who will get the most out of it.   My recommendations for getting the most out of your experience: Understand that Sleep No More is a DREAM SEQUENCE.  It is  whacky. Do your dreams make sense?  Don't try too hard to make things fit.  DO understand that this is NOT a haunted house.  The actors are not there to scare you or make loud noises or to startle you (too much). The show is artistic to the hilt:  beautiful dance, acrobatics and wicked cool sets with eerie music.  The actors are GORGEOUS and incredibly talented.   If you can, do read up on Macbeth, but even if you don't know or remember much about Macbeth, (I didn't) it does not really matter. Just know that you are going to see LOTS of bizarre things and you will just have to appreciate them and let them in. DO stay and see scenes through and follow the actors when they flash across the room and out of sight! I didn't do this and I missed A LOT.  I meandered too much because I was having an absolute blast exploring. DO stay in some of the larger stage areas and wait a bit to see if a scene will begin.  DO understand that there is full nudity (but artistically done) and there are scenes that are disturbing. I will not be bringing my Catholic grandmother to the show. DO lose your party and go off on your very own!!  There was such a thrill of being all alone opening a creaking door and heading down a dimly lit hallway.  I seriously felt like I was in a movie.  When you come back together with your friends you will ALL have totally different experiences to share!  DO get near the actors when you can! They sometimes reveal certain things that only those in very close proximity get to experience.  DO take a break and head down to the Lounge to have a cocktail and hear the awesome Swing Time music and the lovely song bird sing 1920's love ballads. Then put your mask back on and head back up for more.  Also, afterward, DO go to the Speak Easy bar up on the 11th floor where you and the rest of your group can talk and talk about what each of you personally experienced and saw.   Lastly, above and beyond my admonitions to you, don't "expect" anything.  Just go and have a ball.
Mind blowing experience! It is unlike any plays I have seen before. I'm afraid of the dark and the theater setting reminds me of the haunted house in the amusement park. I was trying to stay with my friends the whole time. However, my plan failed, I was pushed out of the elevator as soon as we got to the second floor and that is when the adventure started. It is not a linear story; we all came out seeing different scenes.   For ladies who cannot live without their heels, you need a pair of wedge sneaker to survive the show. With all the chasing and running after the actors. You really need comfortable shoes to be able to enjoy it. We also went to the Rooftop bar after the show and spend a fun night under the New York summer skies. Cant wait to do this again.
This show is definitely NOT for everyone but I LOVED it the two times I saw it in Boston and am going again in New York next week. Each experience is personal and unique. If you're expecting a spoken-word, literal, play you will be disappointed. This is more of an experiential piece. More literal reviews can be found elsewhere but I don't want to give too much away. Do your research and make your own decisions but don't discount it based on the review of one person. You could miss out on an amazing experience.
Sleep No More is an interesting experience, and completely new to me. Before I get into it (without giving to much away...) DON'T bring anything except your wallet and phone, and make sure to wear comfortable shoes and pants with pockets. You have 5 (6?) floors to explore while a variety of actors play out what is supposed to be a dance interpretation of Macbeth. Sadly, I missed most of the action because I was exploring the set too much. No matter what approach you take, I think it might be a cool experience. I met up with 3 friends after the show, and we all had interesting things we saw that the others didn't. I think the only down side is that since SNM is so popular, it's too crowded. There's always a large group of people following around the actors and it makes it slightly annoying to watch their performances. It was one of the reasons I avoided the actors and missed all the big action. It is my only regret. I would love to go back again and take a totally different route. One of the girls told me about a strobe light room where the actors put on a disjointed looking dance number that was really cool. If you go, I would suggest you follow the actors for some of the major scenes, but leave time to explore as well. Also, don't fret if there isn't enough room at the jazz bar after the show...we were guided to a "secret party"  which totally rocked.
This is a delayed review.  Saw the show last summer.  I loved it. I think you get what you put into it.  A male friend didn't care for it, he didn't like 'chasing after the action' . I loved the chase.   I decided to follow the actors for the most part, because I loved watching the dance pieces.  They were beautiful.  Exploring the hotel wasn't as interesting to me as watching the characters. I did brush up on Macbeth, and wasn't bothered by the fragmented story.   There were some moments when things could seem a bit boring, where nothing was happening, but then I'd run down a flight of stairs straight into an incredible ballroom dance scene and it was just breathtaking. There was an ebb and flow.  Some dull moments, and some wildly thrilling moments that I will never forget.  I'm glad I stayed for the full 3 hours because you really can stumble upon some incredible scenes. It has stayed with me long after the show and I would happily return.
After an intimate dinner for my husband's birthday, we had tix to Sleep No More. Once inside, we received different numbers and asked if we really had to split up, since we wanted to stick together. We were not only told our experience would be better if we split up, but that if we didn't, it would ruin our night. So, apprehensively, we split up. I spent 1 1/2 hours looking for my husband and had minimal fun: the spectators were really aggressive: men copped feels, I was nearly trampled by the crowds chasing actors and, in the end I was near tears. When I found my husband, we left...neither of us in the mood to carry on, exhausted by our endless search and creepiness of the crowd. If you go, stick together. It would have been totally awesome had we done the same.
"Sleep No More" should be renamed "Bored to Tears". I was told this would be interactive theater but upon arriving, I was told I would have to wear a mask and not talk. How is this interactive?  By interactive, they meant you could follow the actors around from place to place. They would meet another actor, do some weird dance and then run in different directions. Uhhh, that's dance, not theater. My husband didn't hate it like I did but he thought we had better performance art at the clubs  in the 80's. I can't argue with that. Maybe for people who haven't had that exposure this represents something "new" and "interesting".   The sets and building are cool but it's a lot of running around and up and down stairs. About 20 minutes in I could hear my mom in my mind saying "''What is this drivel? Nonsense!" If I hadn't been with other people, I would have left but I didn't want to ruin the experience for any of them. I found out later that out of the four of us, only one found the experience slightly interesting. The best part  was when I found my way back to the bar (where you start) and they had a place to sit, have drinks and good music with a woman singing jazz standards. I think it might appeal to people in the theater community or those who have not experienced a lot of performance art. For me, if I'm not having fun, I'm not really interested. Waste of time, waste of money.
An extraordinary experience. Really, just go. I ran around with friends but wish I'd spent more time going off alone and finding things. But honestly, this was fascinating and cleaver and beautiful and eerie.
Interesting, exciting, mysterious. Loved the setting, atmosphere, performance. Note, you have to check your bag as they don't allow you to carry with you. The bar is cool, I loved the music and vibe.
Weird? Yes. Overly dramatic? Yes. No real storyline except for the Macbeth plot on the 3rd floor? Yes. Confusing? Yes. WTH? Yes. WTF? Yes. I guess having to wear a mask the whole time allows you to focus on the displayed item in the hotel.... would have been more interesting had there been more interactive things along the way. I definitely don't want to give anything away, but basically you wear a mask and walk around the 4 floors of the hotel alone/with a friend and basically try to find interesting things to see. The thrill of wearing a mask and combing through the dark maze of rooms and stairs quickly become a chore. To me, there was really not enough content in the active part of the "show" for me to keep my interest. I had to make an effort to dig and find things that were/could be potentially interesting, but was not really. Definitely overpriced for what they offer - a mask, a dark maze, creepy display of decorations, and random "actors" yelling, screaming, and fighting each other. Walking and experiencing the Macbeth set in real time was probably the only cool thing about this place. Too bad because, they definitely could have made it much more fun/interactive given their potential.
** Anyone who is going to see this play or is trying to research it, STOP IT!! ** Just go and experience it for yourself! This was easily the most unique and one the best experiences Ive ever had.
The must see in New York. This isn't a show: it's an experience. The whole atmosphere is fitting and moody. The music is perfect and dark. The acting, though silent, is beautiful (performed half in dance type sequences). It is choreographed to the perfection. The hotel is huge (so much to explore!) but absolutely beautifully decorated. I cannot believe the amount of detail and work put into this. The more you think about not only the show but the production overall, the more you appreciate it. It is truly amazing. Here are some tips from after going: -To me, Maximilian's List (Premium Ticket) is worth it. No waiting outside, table with service, and no set admission. -Check your coat and bag. It's not worth carrying around. -This has been said many times, but wear good shoes people. Seriously. You will die in heels/flip flops. -Get there early: There is literally so much to see. -You will see people is black masks scattered throughout the hotel, and sometimes they will block your path. Make sure to come back to the blocked path later; they will usually be gone and you can explore a new area! (At the beginning I missed a lot by not realizing this as I thought those were "the limits" of the hotel). -Explore your heart out. Touch things. Read things. Open things. Do anything you want (without destroying anything)- its worth it, so don't be timid. -Follow actors, but go at your own content as well. It's good to follow the actors to pick up plot, but exploring on your own (without friends or family even) is a better experience. -Don't miss the finale scene- I won't spoil it, but make sure, if you see a flood of people heading one direction at, say, around 10:30, you follow them. -Buy the souvenir book afterwards; its worth it. Its beautiful and informative. Most importantly, be immersed in the experience. The main reason I believe people do not enjoy this wondrous production is that they don't truly get "lost" in it. You will be confused. You will be lost. This is all part of the experience. Enjoy it, and don't think (too) much about it until afterwards. I really have no negatives (other than pushy people, but thats not the productions fault). This is a unique and exquisitely designed experience that everybody should see.
Sleep No More is like nothing I've ever experienced. It messes with your head (in a good way).  I began exploring wondering "WTF am I supposed to do here?" then later underwent nearly every emotion one could experience throughout my three-hour stay.  It was thrilling and beyond entertaining--definitely the highlight of my recent trip to NY. I went with a group of five, and it was so fun to get separated, (lost) and compare notes after. They intentionally separate you, and even though you'll most likely cross paths with your friends later, try to stick to "choosing your own adventure"--there's no right or wrong way to do it really... My only regret was that I should have spent more time following the actors, instead of digging through every drawer and trying to memorize the layout of each floor.  After comparing notes with friends, I feel like I missed some pivotal moments; however I saw things they didn't as well. Above all, just wander and pay attention to your surroundings. Things will naturally unfold. And enough is happening at once on different floors that you'll want to go back again to see it from a different perspective. Can't wait for next time!
SO after hearing about Sleep no more since 2-3 years ago, I finally went last night and it was AMAZING!! my friend and I were worried that it would be too scary, but it wasn't the case at all. I highly recommend to go as early as possible. The whole production will run three times, so if you go later, you'll have less time to follow the actors and figure out what's going on. This is definitely a very intimate dance/theatrical production. The whole production is around 5-6 floors and very dark, you will need lots of energy walking around and being mindful of your surrounding so you don't get hurt. Now that I went, if I do go again, I would definitely go at their earliest entrance time, choose a main character to follow once ( so there aren't that many ppl rushing and it's not crowded), then for the 2nd and 3rd time, you'll have plenty of time to walk around and admire the amazing decor. what I really liked about the production is that if you walk around alone, while majority of the ppl are chasing after main characters, you get to interact with the minor characters, (nurse, the help, extras..) and they are super fun. (won't say anymore, you'll have to experience them yourself :D) also- don't forget to rally up for the ending at the ballroom, that's where the finale of the whole production is. If you see Black Masks security blocking your way up, that means to go downstairs and enjoy the final act. I think week nights are great times to go bc even on a monday night, there were a lot of ppl..imagine on a weekend? But if I have a chance to go again, I would probably see if the actors are even more spontaneous on the weekend :) LOVED the show, would go again, and the physical strength these dancers/actors have are ridiculous!
The set is amazing. A little too dark, but amazing. But other than that, I hated the whole thing and left quickly. The theatrical smoke burned my eyes and lungs, I didn't like the feeling of being trapped and lost, and the small bits of acting I saw had no interest for me. Others, I couldn't see because there were too many people in front of me. It was just creepy and weird, and really didn't seem to have much to do with Macbeth. The sound effects were also very annoying, and I simply could not breathe in that stupid mask. Every time I tried to leave by following the exit signs, I kept hitting emergency exits. I finally had to ask one of the black-masked people how to get out. Not amused. I just didn't find it fun or entertaining whatsoever. NOT for children, older folks, anyone with poor vision or in poor physical shape (because you have to run to follow the characters), and certainly not for anyone claustrophobic. Oh, and in case it matters to you, there is full nudity, many murder scenes, and a black mass in which a (fake) baby is sacrificed.
The experience is worth every penny. Have dinner at the hotel first, get an early entrance time, lose track of your friends early and without worry, wear comfy shoes and carry nothing.
If you dislike nudity, modern dance, Shakespeare, strobe lights, fake gore, and tons and tons of walking, this is not for you. If you like all the above, are both open minded about a loose Shakespearean interpretation AND have a working knowledge of Macbeth, then I think you will really like what you see here. I went with a friend and despite what people say here, we stuck together just fine, accounting for one another, but having a backup plan to meet at the bar in case we lost one another. It was extremely fun playing voyeur to what happened here and I gotta say--the ending is breath-taking. I think I actually heard a "silent" attendee scream. So....stick around for ALL of it. You'll know when it's the ending.
This was definitely one of the weirder, but more unique, things I have ever experienced. I don't know what was weirder about this, some of the scenes or the creepy mask that everyone had to wear. In the allotted time, it was hard to catch every scene and piece the play together, especially without any real dialogue and missing parts of scenes that you are following because you are trying to rush up and down stairs to follow the actors/character with dozens of other people. The only thing I didn't care for with Sleep No More was the temperature. Running up and downstairs will keep someone warm enough, but add the room temperature and plastic mask pressed against your face, and it was often quite uncomfortable. Drink prices were also quite high. Maybe I missed something, but we were told to open/go through everything for a richer experience, but going through drawers, closets, cabinets, etc did not lead to any discoveries, and if anything took away from time I could have spent trying to find/follow a scene. Overall, this was a really fun experience unlike anything else I have ever done and would recommend others to check it out.
I have never experienced anything like this. Do you ever have those moments in your life where you feel like you're living in a movie? Well, for me, this was just like that... complete with Soundtrack and all. And yes, they use music from Alfred Hitchcock's movie Vertigo. It's eerie and beautiful. It's hard to write about this show/performance/experience without giving too much away but I can say that most everyone will have a different experience. Don't latch onto your friends, go your own way, it'll make it more fun to talk about later... it's not like you can talk to each other anyway. And if you do talk, you will get thrown out. Wear comfortable shoes, and check in your jacket at coat check cause you will get hot from walking all over the place. Oh, and don't be a dick... seriously, no talking. See it before it's gone!
1. wear sneakers, or when going into a new scene scope out the first stoop, chair or bed to sit on. 2. wear layers, you will be hot and cold like you are going through menopause 3. brush up on Macbeth and pretend to know what is going on to make your friends feel stupid Overall the play has a very interest concept, but I was lost majority of the play. Too much dancing and not much dialogue, not sure how they can sell the screen play at the end of the show when none of the actors talked!!! Not sure what is going on and just want to collapse on the nearest couch.
This is an amazing experience like no other, where you are encapsulated by a performance and are able to become part of it.  I have absolutely no idea what was going on, but know I want to go back again and again! Enjoy a glass of absinthe before the show to add to the experience, and be sure to check out Gallow Green afterwards!
Ugh. I'm so conflicted. I recently went to Sleep No More for the third time. I loved it utterly and completely the first two times I went, and would gladly have given five stars for what was then an entirely unique experience. I fully expected to feel the same way the third time around. Not even close. Maybe I had changed. Maybe the show had changed. Maybe the magic just wears off the more you are exposed to it. All I know was that where before I had been thoroughly captivated, I found myself bored. Where I had been enthralled, I became ever more irritated as I received more elbows to my ribs and more heels to my toes than I could count. I still remember the lurch of surprise and the spark of cautious yet thrilling anticipation I'd felt the first time an actor reached out and took my hand, the first time I experienced Sleep No More. How exciting it felt, back when it was all so new, to be singled out and led off into the dark unknown. The main problem is, these days, the audience is just too saavy. It's probably a function of the fact that the show has now been established for over two years, but everybody knows what's going on. Everyone shoves everyone else out of the way and jostles to be in the "right" position in order to stare down the actors to score a coveted "one on one". I saw a girl lunge forward to grab a towel and hand it to the actor seconds before he even motioned for it. The magic is gone. Feeling a mixture of annoyance, tedium, and hunger (I believe the term for this particular combination of emotions is "so over it"), I spent the rest of the time patrolling the hallway on the fourth floor outside the sweets shop, ducking in every once in a while to eat my fill of strawberry candies, gumdrops, and butterscotch, willing the time to pass. Judging by how many times I "coincidentally" ran into the same girl in the blue dress doing the same thing before we were both ushered downstairs for the finale, I wasn't the only one who felt that way. If you go: Wear comfortable shoes. You are on your feet for hours (the people I saw sprawled out on some of the on-set couches notwithstanding). I have found myself sprinting (yes, sprinting!) up and down multiple flights of stairs in order to keep up with actors who are fleeing from various depraved deeds. I saw more than one girl wearing high heels at this performance. Not smart. Wear something with pockets. You must relinquish all items to the coat/bag check at the front. If you do not have pockets, you will, like me, have to resort to stuffing various items (your playing card, cash / credit card, any candy you steal from the candy shop) down your bra. Don't stay with your friends. It is more fun to have individual experiences and compare notes afterwards. It's also really freaking annoying to the people around you. I ran into three girls, arms linked, whispering furiously to each other about everything going on around them. I seriously wanted to push them all down some stairs. Lastly, suspend your disbelief. More likely than not, the person giving you instructions in the beginning will have some sort of terrible fake British accent. Just go with it.
Very interesting... Just wear comfy shoes and explore all you want! I had a great time for my birthday here.. it was truly something new!! I see the pics they have posted here are near the bar.. inside its just weird and amazing.. yes i used those two words to describe this place but thats how i felt about it .. Go check it out! I know I will be back!
After wanting to see this show since it first opened, the gf and I finally got tickets for a Thursday 7pm showing. Leading up to the show, I got information about the show and how to maximize my experience via Yelp and friends who had seen the show in the past. That may have led to my less-than-stellar experience (and makes it ironic that I'm writing a review on it, but I will continue). The prior suggestions are true. The best thing to do is wander on your own and find your own experience. I found myself following the main characters at first, then breaking off following random characters for minutes at a time. I had been told that staying true with characters will maximize your experience and allow you to see secret scenes. I think that ruined my experience, as I ended up spending too much time watching actors do mundane and boring tasks (i.e. cleaning shot glasses - i mean, c'mon, i can do that at a bar for the price of a beer). Additionally, at the beginning, they say "fortune favors the bold," which I did when I got bored at times. At one point, I picked up a glass that was poured by an actor just to smell it (my attempt to be bold). The actor then coughed 3 times and stared daggers at me. Mind you, this was not a major scene being acted out and I wasn't interfering with anything. It was time filler until the next major scene came on. Super awkward.... The show's major saving grace was that the acting was great and the scenes were very bold and adventurous. A very new and refreshing experience. Unfortunately, everything else in between was not the same... Definitely recommend everyone to try it once, but I will not be a repeat attendee.
This was an absolutely fantastic experience that I think you should partake in when visiting NYC. It was the most transformative place that I've been to, and even a great speakeasy didn't compare to this. Without giving too much away, here's some tips: -There's really no script. Don't expect one, or any obvious links to Macbeth, or you'll be utterly confused. -When reviewers recommend that you roam alone, YES, roam alone. I'm the type who wants to experience something with a buddy the entire time, but this show requires running and pursuing personal interests. It will be worth your money and time if you do it yourself! Oh, and I should mention I'm generally a wimp for anything dark and eery; don't worry, nothing to be afraid of here. -No phones or purses inside, so if you're in a group, find a huddle point. -There are restrooms inside the set. -No need to dress up. -Get tickets for early entrance and leave late, if you want to explore several characters.
Definitely an experience. I went with a friend and we were scared to death at first, but it's really not scary (no matter what you hear). This place is an adventure for sure! You run around the entire hotel, following characters and putting together the story. Lots of nudity, music and dancing. The actors/dancers are amazing (stunts and acting). Oh and NO talking AT ALL! By the end of the night, you understand the entire story, no matter what you saw/didn't see. (Brush up on some Macbeth before arriving) Try to follow as many people as you can, although you will be on a goose chase for a while and your feet may hurt when you're done from all that walking! But it's fun and so worth the $80.
Awesome experience !!! Very eclectic , fun , chill time. Also loved the bands playjng at the bar ... love blues . Tip for The ladies : Don't be an idiot and wear high heeled shoes .. you will be running around for hours...
I went to Sleep No More the first time just a couple months before it was scheduled to close and now, two years later, I am happy to have the opportunity to return and yet again be thrilled and mesmerized by this show! This is the most unique theater experience I can think of and I would strongly suggest it to anyone. I spent over two hours there this time and saw so many different scenes and rooms I had not seen my first time. And STILL the other people I went with describe moments I missed. This is a show you could go to many times and have a different experience each time. Hats off to the cast and crew of this show because it is absolutely breathtaking and spectacular. Don't be scared - no one is intending to frighten you - so let you guard down and go all out at Sleep No More and you wont forget it as long as you live.
Wear comfortable shoes and clothes. Do not order the entrance cocktail, you wont have time to finish it. The setting and spaces were great, the sound and staging are impeccable. The idea of being inside the play with masks is also really cool, BUT: You can spend 2 hours inside and find it hard to see the hole performance, I m not even sure if I saw the hole thing or not, apparently you have to follow the actors but they run really fast and then just sit on a chair for hours... At the end they try to sell you a book so you can understand the play... would have been better to have that before so you could know what the hole thing was about... At the end you feel like a hunted house or disneyland minus the fun.
It costs a LOT, but it's worth it. One of the most incredible experiences I've ever had. Don't read too much about it--it's best to go in knowing nothing. Simply awesome.
Words can not express how very much I adore the "Sleep No More" experience.  I want to offer a piece of advice for those who wear glasses (and not contacts): Place a cotton ball on the bridge of your nose beneath your mask. Two different friends of mine have done this, and swear it works like a charm. Besides helping the whole glasses-and-mask equation, it can also work as a sweat catcher.     Enjoy!!!
Seriously has to be one of the best things I have ever done in NYC! I am usually very detailed in my reviews but with this one I don't want to give it away. ADVICE: LADIES WEAR COMFORATBLE SHOES................if you can run in them you are good to go. If you drive into the City leave the purse in the car. You do not need it. HAVE FUN. Touch everything! Its interactive so don't be afraid to pick things up. IF YOU CAME WITH A GROUP BEFORE YOU GO IN MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A MEETING PLACE AFTER THE SHOW......YOU MAY GET SEPARATED. A MUST SEE!!!!!!
#ShowsForWhitePeople #HipsterFiesta #Pretentious #WasteOfTime I found the negative Yelp reviews of this show far far far more entertaining than the show itself. It's like Tony and Tina's Wedding but pretentious and without words and confusing and annoying. I'd heard it was a loose adaptation of MacBeth in a creepy old hotel in Chelsea, set installation-style. All the audience members wear masks and can not speak, but they're encouraged to walk around the hotel at their own pace. "Feel free to look in drawers!" Oh awesome! I can do that at my uncle's house! Problem is, NOTHING HAPPENS. If you're in a room without performers, you can stare at the admittedly well-done art direction. If you are in a room with performers, you see them do little pas-de-deux like they are rejects from the audition portion of So You Think You Can Dance. And hell if I saw anything resembling MacBeth. The performers rarely speak, and when they do, it's in these half mumbles no one can hear. There's plenty of schmacting, and some dancing, but I couldn't give a damn about it if I tried. Oh also there's a lot of walking. Oh, the walking you'll do! You follow one performer around, and then you follow another performer around, and you kind of wonder if that last scene was supposed to mean something, but hell if I understood ANY of it. I kept hoping I'd see something that made me interested, or something that made me care, or something that impressed me, but for a full hour, it never happened. Maybe I shoulda stayed for another hour or 2, but if you cant capture my interest ONE TIME  in an hour, I'm out. Life is too short to sit and watch bad theater, let alone walk around chasing after it. It was just a boring, boring, pretentious MESS. At least it wasn't the only thing I saw in nyc (Blood and Gifts & Warhorse were brilliant).
Let me say this is a bit of a mindtrip and if you don't know what the hell is going on - that is fine - the main thing is to have an open mind and be prepared for the unexpected. Now Sleep No More is not for everyone and nor would I recommend it to everyone, especially to those friends that enjoy a more linear way of storytelling; as this is more of a timey-whimey and much more chaotic way and there are multiple things happening at once and in different areas all over the place and out of sight and order - it gives me the impression that Sleep No More is the type of play that improves with multiple viewings in order to wring every nuance out of it. Few other things - if you are in a group - be prepared to be separated from the get-go and be OK with it... since you are a) not allowed to talk once you get a mask (for the glasses wearing people - bring contacts of you have them - it makes the mask slightly more comfortable to wear ) and b) you do get dropped off on different floors to start your journey. Make sure you bring comfortable shoes as there is a ton of walking/running to be done.   I would recommend getting the earliest entry possible to the performance space; since it would give you the maximum amount of time to explore in the space. The lounge area, where you are allowed to talk and take a break is on the floor above the ballroom area - search for the reddish glowing light. I didn't get much of a chance to experience the lounge; but it isn't a bad place to grab an over-price drink and enjoy the musical performances - the singer and the band was pretty decent and quite frankly it did remind me of the 1930's/1940's idea of smokey music club, where the music and the patrons are hot in more ways than one. So yes - get a drink, enjoy the experience after it is for just one night. For me, Sleep No More was an experience, I am still not sure what to make of it - but the experience does stay with you long after you attend a performance; it is definitely not your traditional slice of theatre. The BF didn't have as great a time; since he spend most of the time going WTH; because when you follow some of the actors around - you do need to know when to stop following them and follow another to keep the action moving for you and plus he saw multiple repeats of the same scene - so it did get a bit boring for him. So yes, everyone comes out with a different experience; no - if you are looking for a traditional experience or a cozy intimate date where you can speak sweet little nothings to your date - Sleep No More isn't for you. Do take the mask home as your memento from the evening; don't bother with the programme ( it really doesn't explain more about the production - which is how they suckered me in)
I loved this incredibly unique experience!   I will call it more of a "performance art experience" rather than a "show", as you are constantly moving throughout the venue, sometimes even running to catch up with an actor whose storyline you may be trying to follow.  Basically, you are let into a very dark, quiet, haunted-house type place and are given no instructions on what to do or where to go.  I loved the mystery of it all, and felt pretty brave exploring rooms completely on my own.  In some of the rooms, there may be a scene going on, and you can stay and watch that scene (and then chase an actor out of the scene to see where they are headed), or just go to another room/scene.  I did a little bit of both, and felt like I spent the 1st hour seeing what it was all about and the 2nd hour following some sort of plot.  I went to the earlier showing, which I would recommend, as it seemed to get more crowded as the night progressed.  The only reason I can't give 5 stars is that I still have absolutely no idea what I watched... I know it is "loosely based on Macbeth", but I can't tie one thing I saw to Macbeth and left in a somewhat confused state.   However, it is incredible how this show just "works" and I would recommend it to anyone who wants an incredibly unique performance experience.
i went to see this about two years ago and had a good experience.  by that i mean even though i had fun, it was very confusing and also expensive.  but this is theatre, and that's usually how much a show costs anyway, and the interactive factor of this makes it that much more intriguing.  i'm about to go see it again because i feel like people who have been there more than once get a better overall feel.  it makes sense because then you're not just 100% wandering blindly.  you actually know where the action might be and can follow the actors to get a better sense of the plot interpretation.  i like that you can stay pretty much as long as you want.
I came here with a friend who had press passes waaaaay back when it first opened. Because I'm not paying attention to most things ever, I had never heard of Sleep No More and had no idea what I was walking in to. As is seemingly part of the schtick, my friend and I were assigned different cards so we were split up. Since my friend is a large man who was wearing a very distinctive shirt, it took me all of 15 minutes to find him once we were let loose in the space. Because I am a giant dork, I really just got lost in the art direction of the whole thing. I wandered around just gawking at the scenery and touching stuff (pro tip: the candy is stale. Maybe don't get all "immersed" in the candy shop part like I did). I followed a couple of actors around but (my luck) managed to miss 99% of the nudity and witches and instead wound up watching some dude lug around a door for WAY too long. The place is just well-done. If this was, I don't know, an actorless haunted house or an art exhibition, I would have given it 500 stars and I would come every chance I got, because I love these immersive experiences where you're allowed to wander and gawk and explore at your own pace... But this isn't that, it's a performance, so you have a strict time limit and you're supposed to be exploring a narrative - except if you're me, you're just poking at desk contents, eating stale candy, and wondering why you're the only person in this part of the space. Yeah I pretty much missed all the action and were it not for my rusty 8th grade memories of Macbeth, I'd have been utterly clueless as to what the fuck was going on. I mean I'd absolutely go back. I'm giving the spot 4 stars, right? But this time I'd give up on any pretense of joining the narrative thread (since I'd of course just wind up wasting my time with slow-mo high kicks, overbearing cowboys, and pantomimed relationship issues rather than getting to see bloody witches and naked people) and just try to see every room and admire how well done the scenery is. Just saying.
It could only be better if I went again. Sleep No More is probably one of the most unique experiences I've had...period. It's like living through an Alice and Wonderland-like experience via the vision of Tim Burton and Shakespeare. Depending on your personality I have 3 recommendations: 1) Go at least once...or more 2) Don't read anything before you go...if you are ok with mystery and often go on vacations with no specific plans, don't read anything about it that reveals too much...it can be a more interesting experience if you can handle this. 3) Read as much as possible and plan...if you don't like to be surprised and you tend to plan every moment of your vacation, read as much as you can because you can plan and feel more satisfied
How can the ratings be this high? How? How? How? It's unbelievable to me - there is nothing there but a nicely done set! Begin Review: What a waste - I bought two tickets to this, four drinks at the bar and then the stupid book on the way out (hoping that would shed some light on the disaster of a "show" i had just witnessed - alas, it didn't) - and so $200+ and 2 1/2 hrs later, all I had were regrets. The best part of the place was the speakeasy-type setting at the bar. The band was pretty good. The rest of SNM was a try-hard mess. If you have to resort to strobe lights and full frontal nudity, sorry, i'm putting you in the "try-hard" category. I tried to go after the actors and make sense of what I was seeing, I tried to get past the pushy audience members and actually get a glimpse of the "performance". But in the end, even when I did have a good view of what was going on, none of it really made sense. It turned out to be modern dance in a bunch of different rooms...and DON'T BUY THE BOOK because all I learned from that was that the creators and actors can barely make sense of what they're are doing over there. Also, you don't need to check your things - you can get around with a light jacket / sweater and a bag or a clutch. You don't need your hands to be free, you aren't swinging from monkey bars or something, don't worry, they're just trying to bleed another few bucks out of you... I'm telling you - I was just irate by the end; I could barely find my way out of the place by the time i had accepted that this just wasn't going to get any better- instead I found myself wandering around some deserted dining room set looking at a made up menu. I mean, what the hell has the world come to? I also want to generally rant about new yorkers for a minute because as a group, we know how to complain about a meal we spent $100 on because it wasn't creative or the portion wasn't big enough. But we spend $80 on a ticket to some cracked out haunted-house circus and we're all trying to top each other in the "how cool we thought it was" category. It's as if we're all afraid to say we didn't like it because - well, it was different and maybe if we didn't like this strange new thing that means, we're not evolved enough, we're not cultured enough. Well, I'm taking a stand with this one - this was just not good. and not worth it. I WISH i had taken the money and spent it on anything else - seriously, a $200 hot dog would have made me happier. The two positive things I would say: (1) the set / scene was very well done; (2) i like the concept of a roaming audience - had there been a story to follow, a structure - anything to tie the experience together, it could have been great.
Here are the tips: 1. Wear a pair of pants with pockets and comfortable shoes. No 5" high heels because you will be walking and running. 2. Don't bring your purse. Just wallet you can keep in your pocket. 3. Bring tissues. The mask can make you sweat 4. The drink is not free. You pay for it. 5. Plan the late supper. After all the running and walking up and down the stairs, you will be hungry again. 6. You will be separated from your friends, so don't get pissed off. Love the innovative side of the show. It keeps me thinking why we need to sit down and watch other traditional plays. Can't we just go up on the stage and sit close by?
1. Read your cliffs notes of Macbeth before you go. It really helps. 2. Cannot stress the point of wearing comfortable shoes enough. The girls in front of us in their Louboutins were suffering. You're running up and down 5 flights of stairs. Use common sense, folks. 3. Expect nothing. Be open to everything. One of the best experiences we've ever had.
Quite possibly the worst experience I've ever had while expecting to be entertained. The effort put into the show and the execution is good if you appreciate that type of "art." I happened to be repulsed by it, which in a normal show, is fair enough and you can just tell your friends/date and leave. But they assumed everyone would like it and so you are pretty much trapped there for 3 hrs even if you hate it. How they have it set up is they want to stumble around wearing an uncomfortable mask (which btw smells like shit, and is causing me to break out) for 2-3 hrs. I split up with my date bc I wanted to take in the full experience. They failed to say you really won't find anyone for the duration of the time. I would have made arrangements to meet up at the bar earlier had I known this. I don't want to get into details of the show, it was honestly pretty boring. Everyone has a different appreciation for the arts but some segments just disgusted me so I left after 45 mins to go the bar hoping my date would show up. I could not let him know I was miserable bc they made everyone check their bags and he held my bag check ticket. I waited for an hour listening to the live music, which admittedly was very nice. After an hr of waiting, I couldn't take it anymore and just needed to get out bc I was starving. I went to the purse check to ask nicely if I could describe my things and get something out of my purse. I didn't even bring up the fact that I was having a horrible time bc I didn't want to offend anyone. Regardless, the asshole at the purse check (wearing ugly blue glasses) copped a huge attitude. I think he enjoyed saying no to me- check yourself dude, your job is to service people's bags all night. He needs to get fired. I just felt trapped and miserable. This show is great if you end up liking the actual performance, but they are some sort of power trip that it never crosses their mind that some people might hate it and are so unaccommodating. Sure enough, my date did not like the show but he stayed for the duration bc they kept everything so vague and he didn't realize he could have met me down at the bar. If you like good jazz music, don't mind almost pornographic performances, and want to be transported to another world then I would definitely suggest it. Otherwise, please skip this- honestly one of the worst nights out ever.
Unique, Exhilirating, Exciting, Frightening, Eerie, Beautiful, and Voyeurism!!! Everyone should put Sleep No More on their bucket list. You will not regret! It is the most interactive theatrical performance that anyone can experience in their lifetime! As a person that likes to research things beforehand, I had a general idea of what to expect before coming here, and I was happy that  I was a bit prepared. Do make sure to come a little bit early, and line up outside to secure a spot. Lateness is not tolerated here. If you are past a certain time, you will not be allowed to enter and will not be issued a refund. Below are some things I thought were important: -Do bring your ID to show to the security guard before being permitted inside - $4 charge per person for coat/jacket AND bag/purse -Wear something that you can store your wallet and phone (ex# shirt/pants that has a pocket) -Wear some sort of comfortable shoes that you can run with. Let me tell you, your feet will HURT real bad by the end of this performance! -Dress light if you can, or else you will end up sweating like a damn PIG! -Do wear contacts if you can, instead of glasses -Do have a quick review (via Wikipedia) on Macbeth,  Hitchcock's 1940's film Rebecca, and Sleep No More (my sister did not review and was very confused) -Try to be brave, and take risks - Remember "fortune favors the bold" -Be mentally prepared to be separated from your friends or loved ones once you enter -Be prepared to not speak (talking is prohibited) -Most importantly you will be very dehydrated so make sure you hydrate yourself with water especially Once you get passed security and get your things checked in, you go to the front desk to confirm you and your guest. Afterwards, a man at the corner will be giving you a random playing card.  Then, you walk through a dark maze and enter the Manderlay Bar where you can grab some drinks, relax, go to the bathroom, and wait to be called to go in (you will be called in based on what your playing card is). Once you have entered the Manderlay Bar, you will feel  like you were zapped back into the 1920's. Decor was truly beautiful, and the staff were at their finest acting. After your card is called and you are inside - do expect the unexpected. P.S - do not be scared to take some candy from the candy shop. I won't get into further details, but Sleep No More is highly recommended!!
I just want to say, I really wanted to come out of this experience being obsessed, in love and feeling almost high. None of the three came into existence with Sleep No More.Sadly, I was actually a little disappointed.Maybe my expectations were just too high, I don't know. I bought tickets(price for tickets are not cheap) for my friend and I as part of her birthday present. My friend really wanted to go and so did I after looking through photographs, reading about Sleep No More and reviews. I liked the concept of  exploring, finding your own way throughout the show and basically having your own one of kind experience. Also, I liked how the audience had to be anonymous by wearing masks. I understand that there was not going to be any speaking parts and what not. Although, after about an hr I think I got tired of just hearing the actors moan,scream, stare into oblivion etc. At one point I was almost desperate for them to say something.... ANYTHING!!!.. And confused. The installations were amazing and the way each room was designed/props were set was great!!! Definitely felt like I was in a different era.Also, almost all the major scenes consisted of modern/interpretive dancing... which I enjoyed for the most part. After three hrs of walking, trying to keep up with actors and rummaging through props galore...I was pooped. Wear comfy shoes!!! In the end, I was happy that I went and got to see what everyone was talking about. Although, I probably would not go again or maybe I won't go in with expectations.
I am giving this place 3.5  but I can only mark a 3. This is a very unique experience that everyone in the city should try. For many reasons this place deserves 5 stars. It is for unique, the actors are excellent, the property is incredible, the old items, books, furniture, they did it very well. However you basically run around this very old creepy hotel and different stories are going on the different levels. I found it a little confusing and hard to follow but maybe that was by design. I think I would have appreciated it slightly more if outside of the main stories going on there were additional people trying to creep you out, scare you, etc. Could I have put together a better program? No. It is a great experience I was simply expecting to get more scared. At the end of the program you go down to a bar. It is an old fashioned bar,  old school lounge singers, a blast from the past. The bar is 5 stars.
Wow. Kudos to those who put on the production. From when you check in to when you check out, you feel like you've entered a time machine to the 1920s. The immersive experience was awesome. It can be hard to follow but I split up with my date and got back together with her an hour into so we could discuss what we saw. I have to go back because it messes with your mind.
Sleep No More! Wearing a Venetian Mask, I felt invincible. Separated from my friends, I was let off of an old elevator amongst a crowd of white masked on-lookers, fumbling around to get my bearings straight.  A sea of rooms, intricately decorated with such detail, my mind wasn't able to grasp what it was taking in at first. And once let out into the maze of rooms that is Sleep No More, what exactly was I supposed to do? Apart from my friends, I wasn't sure where to start. So I just did whatever I saw everyone else doing -- moving from room to room, rifling through drawers and other knickknacks. Creepy room with headless baby dolls around the crib, a child's room with dusty old books of Edna St. Vincent Millay poems, that creepy music in the background... and suddenly, as I walked towards an old bar room two men pushed through the crowd.  Before I knew it Sleep No More was unfolding before my eyes. As I adjusted to this sensory overload, I took in the actors and when one darted from the old bar room, I quickly followed suit.  A voyeur's paradise. What followed in those next hours was hazy and not from the champagne we had in the amazing Manderley Bar beforehand.  I can't tell you exactly what I saw, nor what any of it meant, but it was beautiful, precise and so unbelievably fascinating that I am already planning my next visit. One of the best parts of the evening was stumbling back into the Manderley Bar, finally removing the Venetian mask and finding your friends to assess what the hell just happened. And one MUST do this with a cocktail, obviously. Some abstinthe, perhaps?  If you are one of those people who walked around holding hands with your significant other or giggling with your friends you definitely missed out. The best way to go about this is alone, exploring at your own pace. At the end you might be confused as to what you just saw BUT, the stories you hear from friends who saw things you didn't just adds to the mystery and beauty that is Sleep No More.
Boring.  A Halloween Haunted House is usually a better example of this genre. Poorly executed. Very overrated and very expensive for what you get (a lot of repetition). Spend the money on a Broadway show for a more memorable adult experience. Disorganized - they tell you to go your own way and if you do you miss much of the experience and storyline.  The fat young man in the coat room was very rude to the couple in front of us and to our party of four. Eye rolling is his most obvious skill set. Honestly, this is good for teenagers - most similar to a Halloween Haunted House at 3x the price and boring less than halfway through.
GO! Don't be shy... interact with the actors... special things happen.  The fourth floor's a lot of fun.  This play rewards nosy people.  It gets a little eerie sometimes but nothing jumps out at you.  Depending on your mood, you can get in some serious cardio while following the actors. Brush up on "Macbeth" and maybe look into Alfred Hitchcock's "Rebecca" so you're not completely lost. If you like to explore, try and sign up for the first time slot so you can get in the full three hours of exploration. Curiosity _does not_ kill the cat  ;-)
"An unimpaired sense of balance and depth perception is crucial to attending" (NYT 2011). I spent 2.5 hours walking and exploring Sleep No More and could easily have stayed much longer. If you want to see Shakespeare done anew or just love haunted houses I highly recommend Sleep No More. I would say that about half of the scenes or sets are directly related to Macbeth with the other half being new stories that simply related to the themes of or interacted with the story/characters. I would still recommend reading Macbeth at least to find the line "Sleep No More" so you will understand why the title. The most intricate rooms I think were the doctor's office, apothecary & taxidermy sets [lots of taxidermy in this hotel] so be sure to take extra time. The only reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is because I have issues with contemporary dance[rs] and I feel like I missed some scenes. Despite that, I still plan on coming back [first half of the week is cheaper]!
I went to the show twice and brought multiple people there. This time I wanted to bring family and they had no availability for 11pm except 1 ticket. Spoke with a manager named EJ and asked If they can squeeze 4 in and she said if you want to be on the "VIP" list, you can at $162.50 each ticket. The show is $75 standard. I think it's disgusting that after attending twice and telling so many people about it, that they wouldn't be able to accomodate me this once. It wasn't an occupancy issue, it's just them being greedy and pocketing more money. Karma will come around...
Very bizarre, twisted, intense yet captivating experience. The sets were very impressive with so much detail put into the designs, and setups. The "off-stage action" concept was interesting, and worked for me as it provided an empowering control for me to shape the experience in my own ways. A quick wiki read on summary of MacBeth is helpful so you aren't completely clueless to the performances. Arrive as early as possible so you have plenty of time to explore the floors before the performances begin.   Must wear comfortable shoes since the performances take places on 5 different floors, alot of walking/running are required.  Some people will become aggressive in chasing their characters that you might get pushed or stepped on especially on the stairs. The overall wondering alone, chasing different characters, and finally sharing the individualized experiences were very neat.   Not sure if anyone else had this issue, but I broke out all over my face after removing the face mask, which lasted for several days.  I don't have sensitive skin nor breakout randomly.   Not sure if it was an allergic reaction to the mask or something in the air that caused it.
Quite simply the most amazing thing I have ever experienced in NYC. Such a worthy successor to Twilo, which used to use this space in the 1990s. Don't not.
during the whole 3 hrs of the tour, I  was scared silly. the mask you have to keep on got a lil annoying later on and the whole " no speaking " rule was difficult to follow. overall the whole exp was a lot of fun and creepy.. a little confusing at times but all in all had an amazing time.
I got my boyfriend tickets to Sleep No More for his birthday, knowing it was risk, but willing to take a chance because he loves surprises and is always up for something new/different. On our bus ride over to the show, I decided that he should at least have a rough idea of what the story of Macbeth is about so I pulled up a brief summary for us to read. He later told me that he was like "OMG Nikki what are dragging me to?!" We both ended up loving it. When we arrived, we moved through security quickly since I had been advised not to have a coat/bag. We both got a drink from the bar and waited for our number to be called. We were ushered to an elevator and managed to be some of the last people off. We were able to stay together the majority of the show. For the first hour we mostly explored different rooms and saw a few scenes with actors, but didn't follow anyone in particular around. I am really glad that we decided to follow an actor around for the entirety of the second hour--it was the star of show and we got to see a lot of cool (and kinky) stuff. The second hour made everything worth it. Many of the scenes and fights were really cool and we had to run fast to keep up. This is a unique experience that I highly recommend if you are up for something off the beat and path. Be open-minded, read some pre-show tips, have a drink or two beforehand and enjoy!
The performance, the vibe, the environment, almost everything: 5 stars. Minus 1 star for the following: as soon as we walked in (the people who were first in line), we were encouraged to get a drink.  I wanted an old-school drink, so I went with a good scotch.  Very shortly thereafter, we were invited to enter the elevator to start the performance, and that no alcohol is permitted.   Come on - someone should have warned us before or while ordering that we might get called in to the performance at any moment.  It was a waste of $17.
I was so prepared to love this and give it five stars. I'm a guy who usually "gets it" but honestly I was let down. First off, despite all of the AMAZING sets and the novelty of having actors running around with blood on them, screaming and having "sex", I was quite bored. It is great to go exploring but often times, you go from floor to floor and you don't encounter one actor. I think they should have double the amount of actors! It just seemed like I saw the same eight actors over and over again. It is true, you should follow one person. Don't feel you are missing out because they will inevitably interact with most if not all of the other actors. I along with most people make the mistake of leaving a scene (mostly because I was bored!) but I suppose if you just stick to it, something exciting may happen and you may get some semblance of a story. Actors don't talk, they mumble things. So we, the audience, are silent and they mumble and scream sometimes. I wish they actually talked. I don't understand how that could possibly hurt... but they don't. So visually, it's very striking. Sets are detailed like nothing I have ever seen before. Perhaps I would follow the story if I went two to three times but at $100 a pop, I just have no incentive to. Everyone should go once in their lifetime. And I have.
This was the worst experience!   Just wondering around!  They did take a lot of time, and created a unique atmosphere, they get one star for that!
I don't know what I was thinking.  This is not a play for me.  I don't like riddles - tho I love a good joke.  I don't like being a silent spectator.  And I don't like film noir.  If you are like me, this may not be a play for you either.  I was excited because of the "interactive" nature.  I'm still scratching my head to figure out how wearing a mask and being completely silent for 3 hours while walking around lost and confused could be billed as interactive, or interesting for that matter.  The actors also don't talk.  The problem is that the start of the show is awesome.  Interesting characters, drinks, and the ability to talk.  I thought this could be good, but it turned out to be quite different from the rest of the show. The best part in my view was the quartet.  I thought Scott Bradley was amazing.  And the singer and band was good too, but wow!  What a piano performance.  I wish I could say the same of the rest of my experience.   Few last notes: going on a weekend was terrible.  Line outside was just dumb.  Why have a reservation if I"m stuck in the cold for 20 minutes? (please note - I arrived on time.  also note I gave up clubs for this reason!) Also got smacked in the head by one of the guards when I mistakenly tried to use passage I assume was blocked.  Didn't know since I couldn't see, but I did feel the smack to my mask. Following people, jostling "guests" and just all around having to struggle to see a performance I couldn't understand was annoying at best.  I was ready to leave after an hour.  I stayed for 2 more hours and honestly the only salvaging part was hearing Scott on the piano.  Oh, and I got a couple of masks the kids can play with next Halloween.  That or I can donate them to a swingers club. And all for the low low price of $100.  meh!
good for theater majors, not normal people.
I surprised my fiance with tickets to SNM for our two year anniversary. We had dinner at Gallow Green at 7pm  and then headed here at 8pm! (It's right next door) HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!! It was so cool. we had so much fun exploring and running around! FOLLOW THE ACTORS!!! We followed different actors and saw different perspectives. There's nothing like it. The rooms are ridiculous! Ending was craaaaaaaaaaaaazy! ~ If you can find it and get there in time ;) Also, if you need to use the bathroom you can always make your way to the 2nd floor to the bar area and go there. We had such an awesome time and also enjoyed every second of it. We loved the live music after the whole experience! We also bought the $20 book for our coffee table ~ another reason to enjoy NY!!! Don't miss out!
I came into town from Chicago, and decided this was the show I wanted to see after reading the reviews. That was the most stunning theatre-going experience I've had in years. The movement work involved was incredible to watch. It was surreal and enchanting and arresting, all at the same time. I am sincerely having a hard time describing what I saw--still processing it the next day. I want to go back over and over again to see new things. Tips: Don't wear glasses. Wear comfortable shoes and clothes you can move around in. Follow close behind the actors if you want to interact with them. If you have no desire to do so, keep a safe distance. Go with an open mind. I've read the Scottish Play and have taken a few Shakespeare classes. But this is not a linear experience. You aren't going to go from point A to point B to point C, so try not to follow the plot as much as the action. Downsides: the freaking costs. It had been sold out so I ended up splurging on a premium ticket ($125-ouch). Also, I got a round of Absinthe Punch for my friend and myself, and literally twenty seconds later we were ushered into the space where drinks were not allowed. Total waste of $26 as I am unable to slam that down like a sorority girl on a Saturday night binge. All in all, worth seeing if you're into the whole immersive theatre experience and interested in movement work.
Sleep No More was riveting! I don't want to spoil the details as when I was in line for the second time telling a couple of gentlemen that they were overdressed the bodyguard playfully told me to Shush! As he didn't want me to spoil the show for the newcomers. I first attended Sleep No More April 9th and the second time April 23rd. Both on a Tuesday. $75 for each ticket and upwards of $115 I believe and more on weekends. I learned the first time not to get dressed up as there is a demon rave and you will get messy if you're like me and like to experience everything as closely as possible. I "fell in love" with the beautiful bald headed woman with blue eyes. I luckily had several character one on ones. There's around 6 floors with 10 or so rooms. It's pretty dark and best to search for surprises on your own or you can follow a character. My first experience I followed several characters but none caught me as much as this beautiful woman so I decided to follow her for the majority of the time. There's plenty of nudity and it's not for those who are close-minded. The talent puts on amazing performances and puts their all into it. I have told plenty of people about it and this show has definitely gained plenty of popularity judging from the amount of people that I saw the second time. Photography is not allowed and there are those who are of assistance that wear black masks. It does get very hot since you're constantly moving around so it's best to wear light clothing. When you first walk in it's sort of like a speakeasy and there have been different singers on both occasions but have beautiful voices nonetheless.  Definitely a mind-blowing experience you will forever hold with you. $3 bag and coat check. Any questions feel free to message me. =]
One of the best experiences I've had  in a long time.  Very unique and so much fun! Some pointers: 1. If you don't know Macbeth read the synopsis before you go because it will make  sense when you watch. 2. HAVE YOUR OWN EXPERIENCE. I was worried about this but it made it more fun and everyone had a different experience. 3. As a previous review mentioned, by first going to the ballroom to the banquet scene it will help you find the main actors to follow. 4.Stay til the finale 5. Since you will walk a lot, wear comfortable shoes Actors and sets were awesome! The attention to detail was extraordinary. A must see!!!!!
I can't recommend this enough as it truly is a unique experience!   Everything from getting in to the hotel, heading up to the bar and drinking some absinthe, to hopping on the elevator and then stepping out to explore anything you like is simply amazing. I went with a group of 6 and we split up multiple times and wandered around the multiple floors and rooms either investigating the intricate set, observing actors and actresses interact or furiously chasing after them to see where they go next. I'll be damned if I had any clue as to what was going on but I was more interested in just exploring the entire space and encountering as many characters as possible than trying to figure out the plot.
An absolutely phenomenal experience.  You wander around this multi-story building, every nook and cranny of which is filled with bizarre sets -- there's one room filled with bathtubs, another room that's a candy store, and dozens more.  All the spectators are in ghost-like masks, and the actors run, dance, fight, and scream around you as you wander from room to room.  You could go many times and never have the same experience twice.
This was by far my favorite thing that I did in New York. I went alone and had an absolute blast. You arrive with a specific time stamped on your ticket and are rudely awakened when you see that you still are going to have to stand in a long-ass check-in line (even though the only ticket you could get was for 11:45pm and you're already frickin' exhausted). After entry, they tell you to be quiet and put on a creepy mask and to explore a multi-story abandoned warehouse which has been turned into an elaborate labyrinth of 1930's era wonderland. What unfolds is a non-linear Stanley Kubrick/Alfred Hitchcock-inspired production of MacBeth presented in a choose your own adventure-style so that you chase actors around this wonderland and observe their interactions from any perspective you choose. Some of the things you can't miss are the scene at the end when they hang MacBeth, the orgy scene with the witches and the naked bloody man in the Elk's mask and the performance of "Is that all there is to the fire?" After the show you will most likely need a coming down experience and they provide that in the form of a 1920's gypsy jazz revue that was pretty much on the level of seeing a Louis Prima show 50 years ago in NYC. As exhausted as I was, I couldn't leave this place, I was in heaven and still smile everytime I get an e-mail from their mailing list.
Just as other reviewers mentioned, there are no words to describe Sleep No More. The concept is incredible, it plays on every sense and has you thinking about your experience for days to come. The Sleep No More website doesn't provide too much information on what to expect or what it even is. All of the hype has just been built up by other people that went to Sleep No More. That being said, I was looking forward to it more than anything else I had planned for my trip. I wasn't able to go on a day that anyone else could go, so I went by myself. This ended up working out just fine because it is meant to be experienced alone. I don't want to divulge too much about the experience because everyone experiences it differently. The whole concept kind of reminded me of Burning Man, similarly, words and pictures cannot explain what happens to you, it is a participatory event, it will leave you reveling in the experience and it will change your life.   Go with an open mind and be prepared to be blown away.
Even though I wasn't a HUGE fan of the show, I have to give it four stars for originality, set design and fantastic acting.  If you're a fan of Eyes Wide Shut or interpretative dancing, you will love this.  If you're able to look past a lack of plot , you will also love this.  I was bothered by the fact that I couldn't really piece together the whole show and while I saw many elements of Macbeth (read up before you go) I wasn't fully convinced that even seeing all of those scenes (in a certain order) would paint a perfect picture.  As my friend put it best, it's like going to the MoMa and looking at a little square inside of a circle and saying, "Ohh, yeah I see the woman cradling the baby."  There is a LOT left here for interpretation, so if you enjoy that sort of thing, you will adore this show.  One other thing to note is that you will be running up and down 5 stories for 3 hours, so be prepared for that.
This adventure is very well done. The best part about this experience is that you can make it your own. You can explore, you can follow one character or you can follow all the characters. You're allowed to be curious and it pays! While a lot of people that have reviewed this before don't condone wandering around, I think you should take a look around in addition to following characters or one character around. You get to piece together what's going on. I did and followed about 7 or 8 actors at some point. Expect to have a different journey from everyone. If you come with other people, expect to get separated. Don't worry about it though. Find them at the end and don't hold hands people! You're impeding everyone else from following the actors. I would've given this five stars except for these two facts: why the heck is everyone so afraid to get up close and personal with the characters?! They grab you: so what. That's the point! Also, be aware of others around you. Someone else ran into me cause she turned around instead of looking in front of her. It was funny but still effing hurt. Now go out there and put down all your inhibitions...Explore Sleep No More.
The scenery was absolutely amazing, but the rest is a freak-show and after a while I was absolutely pissed of running after the actors and fighting against other visitors to have a acceptable view. I left earlier and rarely had a more senseless evening.
This experience seems to be very polarizing for people - it is either a five star, or a one star show. I am going to go ahead and give it a solid 3, meaning that it was fine. A bit of background - I teach writing at the college level, and I have taught Shakespeare, including Macbeth, numerous times. Macbeth is my favorite of the tragedies, and I have read it many times. As to the "rules": my friend and I read in advance and followed them. We split up for a lot of the night, we did not waste time at the bar, we stayed the full three hours, we wore comfortable shoes, and mixed it up by wandering around for part of the night, and following the crowd for the rest. I did not expect to be given directions or be able to identify characters at all times. We reconciled paying the high ticket fee and the obnoxious coat check. I recommend all these rules to someone who wants to go. Pros of the show: -The atmosphere of the space is its greatest achievement. The set is rich and beautiful. The smell, sounds, and visual texture are all gorgeous, and contribute to a creepy atmosphere. everything is detailed - you can read the diaries, open the drawers, etc. The set made me feel things. Don't miss some time just wandering around, not chasing anyone. -The actors work hard, and they are good. The phone booth dance is great, as is the dinner scene. The actors run, sweat, and fight. -You can have very personal experiences with the characters. I watched one shower, and helped him put on his shoes. -When the show channels Macbeth, it really works. I followed Macbeth and saw him murder, and then he ran to the next room and calmly put on a tux and went to dinner. This gets at the heart of Macbeth's dual identity and subterfuge in the play. - This is innovative, so points for something new in performance art. Cons: -It is crazy hot in there. You will sweat. The mask is uncomfortable. -The staff is rude. I was told to be bold. An actor shut a door, so I tried the knob. A staff member grabbed my arm hard and yanked me away - not necessary. I also inadvertently gasped softly when I found a dead bird in a drawer. I was alone in the room,but a staff member shushed me forcefully. Finally, I did not want to keep my mask - I asked if the coat check attendant could throw mine out since it did not fit in my purse. There was a trashcan in their office, but she said no. -Drinks are so expensive, even by NYC standards, I passed. -The amount of people they let in is far too many. People will push you, and nearly trample you to chase a character or get a good view. Some of these people have read forums and studied who to follow - they will beat you. -If you do not participate in this steeplechase at least sometimes, you will see none of the story. -There are lots of red herrings. It took me 45 minutes to find an actor (which was fine, since I explored) and when I found one, she cut up a book for 15 minutes. One just wrote on a wall over and over. -The show is not really a good vision of Macbeth. Macbeth is scary because of the characters' decline, and the tense narrative build. The nature of this show does not allow for that. The scenes are disconnected, which does not bother me, but the play's themes have little impact this way. Many of the details have nothing to do with the play. Closing notes: -If you hated the show because it was nonlinear, involved moving around, was nonverbal, was expensive, made you separate from your loved one, etc. it is your fault. You knew this and bought tickets anyway. -If you are a huge fan of the show, great. Do not condescend to those who are not with sweet phrases like "it's not for everyone" or "it's only good if you are spontaneous and nonjudgmental" that make you sound superior for "getting it." People do not have to think this piece is intelligent or enjoyable. -I would have enjoyed my experience more if I had not been told it was a reimagination of Macbeth. It should  have been phrased as "Hitchcockian theatrical experience."
I beg to differ, but after having slept on it, I don't get why one has to  see a show several times and pay 100$ each time in order to get the story. The concept is awesome as well as the awe inspiring scenery, but there is no narrative. Think of it as a living haunted house, and enjoy the scenes if you are lucky to witness them, without people crowding you, stepping on your feet, stepping in front of you while you try to watch, and then elbowing their way and stampeding (literally) to follow an actor. There is no way to follow one actor and one "storyline" because they disappear, they go faster than you because they don't wear a mask. I went there yesterday with BF, we went separate ways, explored everything, tried to see scenes, and still came to the same disappointing conclusion. After two and a half hours going up and down and doing everything we were supposed to do, we left feeling swindled. To top it off, when we were leaving, the receptionist offered us to buy the show book, with all the characters and storylines, for the modest price of $20. Are you kidding me? You should hand out a pocket size booklet before the show, and for free. It would be better if there were more narrative, more action, less crowding, less waiting time to see a scene... (we waited seating more than 15' to see one of the main scenes....)
Really was skeptical but was pleasantly surprised Never experienced anything quite like it.....kinda works your right brain a little bit.. come and you shall be amused !!!!
Just saw this (Friday night).  The other reviewers have said everything very well - my review is overkill but I thought I'd give another perspective that is not a rave review by any means.  I think if you are a linear thinker - or someone who likes a play with a story arc, you may be frustrated and disappointed.  Not so much because it's "bad" but for the price (which reading the reviews I realize has gone up), it feels more like a really great haunted house than a theatre piece.  In fact, I would call it an avant garde dance performance since the performances you stumble upon are unspoken and choreographed, including a fight scene in a bar (there are a few "bars" in the set - I don't mean the one on the main floor).  The room with the pool table will feature a very-well choreographed fight scene if you want to hang there and wait for it.  But don't wait too long - it's like the subway - you might have just missed it. Even though I read up on "Macbeth", I was completely confused and a bit annoyed that nothing I saw seemed to relate to the story.  I think I saw some witches (breasts bared), I saw the two guys fighting in the bar (MacBeth and MacDuff?), and I heard there was some washing of bloody hands, but this show is only vaguely, loosely based on anything Shakespeare wrote.  I would say the play (and its themes) was a jumping off point - so let that idea go - maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I was not looking for a story line. Liked: I loved the hotel and the way it's dressed.  Wonderful set design.  The devotion to detail should win this piece an award. I loved the masks - they are wonderful - to look around and see everyone in them is in itself a marvelous experience. There were 4 of us and the elevator guy let 2 of our party off the elevator and then closed the door so we would be broken up.  At first I was shocked and pissed - these were my guests from out of town and I felt responsible for them - but actually it was much much better to be separated.  You cannot do what you want to do in a pack.  If this show was free, I'd go back alone.  It's like going to an art museum with 4 people - ridiculous and frustrating - everyone wants to move at a different pace and the experience is honestly an individual one, to talk about at the end in the bar.   There was one scene we stumbled upon that was exciting and intense - as others have said follow the music and strobe lighting if you can.  It's fun to chase the actors but sometimes you chase them and lose them - amazing!  Sometimes they lead you to a performance... Didn't like: ...but sometimes they lead you to a room where they sit down and mope.  You watch that for 5 minutes and feel like an idiot.  You CAN get bored in there! Expensive.  I see why, but if you don't LOVE it - and I didn't - you will feel if not ripped off, then disappointed.  I paid $95 per ticket - I think there are cheaper tickets available and internet savvy people can find them - I didn't! No discernible "story". A lot of "modern dancing-type" action.  Writhing, rolling around, cheek-touching.  For me, modern dance gets old.  But then again if you like modern dance you'll love it.  SO again - a really individual experience. I hate to divide up people by age - older people like orgies too!  But I think if you're under 35 you'll love it.  If you're over 35 you might think it's mostly silly - as I did.  Yikes, I can't believe I'm saying this. Advice:   Yes, check your bag(s).  Take your money, cards and cel phone (I needed it to text my friends and find them in the bar), or tell your friends to meet you in the bar at 9:45 - or at the end of the show.  It's a very active situation - I carried my purse with me and lost it at one point - I left it in the 5th floor bathroom (oh - if you need one, head up there) - talk about horror.  I guess that means my head was in another place.  Some woman found it and told me she thought it was part of the show!  It was a miracle I got it back.  Long unrelated story. The "best" scenes are in the larger spaces: the pool table area, the graveyard, one big bedroom.  If you run into a solitary actor, it can be dull - sometimes another actor enters a scene and you get to see some action but no guarantees.   Look for Lady MacBeth (I think she's the pregnant one?) or MacBeth.  I don't know how the hell to do that - I never knew who was supposed to be who - but someone else said they did it successfully.  They are the heart of the "story". Try to be a little organized because I think seeing the whole space (or as much as you can) is great.  Start at the top and work your way down, or start at the bottom and work your way up.  Of course it depends on where the elevator operator drops you to start, but try to see as much of the space as you can.  Also, gives you a better chance to see more of the performances.  It's tough to do - there's a lot to see.  But it's too expensive to go back, so try to see as much as you can.
Seduces your senses! A unique and memorable experience.   1. Definitely wear comfortable shoes 2. Try not to bring a purse, you will have to check it in and have to wait in the line at the end of the show 3. Explore and wander through this dream like experience
I LOVED SNM! I went on Halloween night for the performance and Danse Macabre Ball. It is nothing like anything i have ever experienced. My adrenaline was pumping the whole time! -1 star because i felt like there were too many audience members at times. Other than that there is nothing more I can add to what's already been said. Ps The witch rave/orgy is horrifying and sexy.
So rare to have an experience that is completely new. This is immersive, dreamlike and incredibly fun. Orlando has got nothing like it. I hope this runs long enough for me to make a return visit. Heed well those who advise comfortable footwear. Also, if masks freak you out, give this a pass.
What just happened? Been bugging the BF to go to Sleep No More ever since it appeared on Gossip Girl.  Here was a recap of my experience The Good: Amazing acting/acrobatics/dancing/performing The Bad: I had NO CLUE what was going on (I read a little wikipedia summary of Macbeth before I went too) and I STILL have NO CLUE what just happened to 3 hours of my life. Basically they took me up to the top floor, and for the first 10 minutes I wandered around the empty floor not really knowing what to do or expect and finally found a "character" (who I later realized 20 minutes later was not a main character).  She did literally nothing for 20 minutes, and I watched.  I was bored.   Finally, I walked toward the staircase and made my way down and saw a "main character" rush by with a mob of people running after her--I started running too obviously.  So the story began..I saw snippets of scenes, repeats of scenes, followed different people, ran/crawled/etc but mostly you can find me in the Candy Shop sampling all the candy waiting for the confusion to end.  I compared the scenes I saw with my BF after the show.  I saw a lot more than him but I was still nowhere close to making sense of anything.   At least I got my Blair&Chuck moment in the Candyshop!! PS: -The punch tastes like Black Licorice.  Not a lot of people like that flavor.. -If you are short, prepare to not see a lot.  Or be aggressive and push to the front. -If you are fat you just wont be able to crawl to some places.  (its okay, i crawled and it didn't lead me to anywhere of importance..just got my pants dirty) -Don't go on a first date...you will probably be apart most of the time So why 4 stars? Obviously the acting and stuff was good ....and if everyone else gets it then it must be ME!  I must be retarded!  No really, that's how I feel right now..like my brain is just not good enough.
Once in a lifetime experience. The escapist's dream come true. Would visit again in a heartbeat if it was less pricey. Can't say more because the less you know, the more you'll experience. -1 star for the the moneys $_$
Incredible opportunity to do something different.
*SPOILER ALERT* This was the worst thing I've ever experienced.  If you are a hipster you will love this.
A friend told me about this strange performance she had recently been to and I immediately bought tickets for Sleep No More on my phone that minute. I went on a Friday night with my boyfriend at midnight in April - I think it was the week before the Times wrote about it, which I'm guessing meant we had a slightly different experience to others. We had a drink before being called in separately and had totally different experiences. We met up in the bar again around 2am, stayed for a couple of songs including a beautiful rendition of Katy Perry's 'Teenage Dream', then left to grab some food before heading home for bed. We talked about the show until we fell asleep. We each told many of our friends that they should buy tickets, refusing to spoil anything of course and were super excited to hear about their experiences afterward. We're still talking about it regularly. I'd love to go again. The most amazing and vast piece of performance I have ever seen.
I've told everyone I know about this show. No spoilers, but here's some advice: explore alone and go wherever and touch whatever you want. It will probably be the best thing you've ever seen, it was for me. I'm going for the third time in May.
Read these reviews and tips.   Very fascinating and enjoyable, curious and funny.  I laughed a lot despite the sort of sense that you want to take this seriously and try to figure it out like Sherlock Holmes.  I just took it all in as best I could.  It best to have that sense of openness and lack of fear.  Its a fun time despite the intentional spookiness of the place. There are groups of people wandering and sometimes, it being New York, they just cut you off and sort of push you a bit out of the way.  Sort of.  Its OK though.  Its a big space and there is plenty of room, you just reorient. You do have to follow the actors sometimes.  They aren't always around. I did not get to see it all.  And I will go back. I took a break for about 30 minutes but when I was back in the bar I did have my fortune told by a cool fortune teller who was of course one of the actresses.  But its was fun and really immersive.  I went back to the other bar a couple weeks later (Hotbox) and danced with her and it was that much more fun. There is nudity in various places; not tons of it,  but I missed some of the parts discussed in other review here. Its nothing that you have not seen before its just that you normally see it in a "private" setting and not with this sort of limited public nudity.  But its all tastefully and artsy so don't despair its like an oddly alive photograph and not porn or remotely so.   I bought the Maximilian's tickets that give you a table in the bar and I enjoyed that with the friends I was with.  We got in early, had free coat checks, and sort of felt special.   It was nice to be assured of a table so we could sit and talk and have a couple drinks before wandering the floors.   Since I am from out of town (Ohio) its nice to have a place not to just stand and await until your card is called. Its typical to get separated from those you are with.   Its elaborate; complex and puzzling. Do take advantage of the fact you are on the emailing list and go back to the other bars.  I had more fun when I went back a couple weeks later dancing in the other bar.  I had never seen a clown as a lead singer before.  Got a great picture with him.
I really can't recommend this enough. So different. I keep having dreams about it and I want to go back so bad. JUST GO!!!! But, here's a few tips: 1. Wear comfy clothes & shoes!!!!!! I can't stress this enough! This is not the place to wear your new Louboutins and a sexy dress. You will be rubbing up against sweaty people running up and down stairs. I wore flats and jeans and a tank top & I wish I had worn shorts. 2. SPLIT UP from your friends, but make sure you have a time to meet back up with them if you go to an earlier show. I went to the earliest show and I ended up staying through all 3 showings. My friends, however, got tired and were waiting for me for a while in the bar area. Needless to say, they were not happy campers with me. 3. DO NOT be annoying and try to get a character to have a "one on one" with you. It makes the rest of us uncomfortable when you're flirting with the actors. Just enjoy yourself and whatever happens, happens.
fantasic
Well, you either love it or you don't. If you're not into performance art, you won't love it. This is definitely a unique theater experience, and if given the opportunity, you should really try to go. I purposely avoided reading any reviews of the show so that I could go into it with an open mind. This is basically an interactive experience, and I liked that you could go around and explore the entire hotel. The whole Hitchcock vibe was a bit creepy at first, but you'll quickly find that it's not really a scary show at all. As others have said, you'll definitely get more bang for your buck if you separate from your friends and explore the show. I started off fully intent on staying with my friend, but quickly chose to walk off on my own after the first 15 minutes. The only downside is that because the show repeats itself three times, you do get kind of bored after the second set. I had found and followed all of the actors/dancers by the end of the second set, so the third hour was spent mostly wandering around. Brush up on MacBeth before you go, things will make alot more sense if you can identify the characters. Wear comfortable shoes, and actually try to lay off the makeup a bit as the masks will make you sweat while you run around. If you can, try to find the strobe light room. :)
Spoiler-free review: Ridiculously amazing, surreal, time-travel, transporting, otherworldly, dreamworld experience.  Jazz bar music was also high-quality and even if it was just the jazz club I would go.  Go, just GO before it closes!!  So much fun!! My only complaint: some of the rooms are too hot, especially when there are a lot of people gathered, and the masks are too hot at these times.  Sweating under a mask is not fun.  I was thankful at least the masks do not cover your mouth. Agreed that it was more interpretive dance than acting.  I expected the actors to speak, and none that I saw did.  I honestly did not see the Macbeth parallels, other than some of the props and sets.  I could never even tell who were the Macbeths (although I think I figured out Lady Macbeth by the end). I felt like the actors moved too slowly at times, only because I was torn between wanting to stay and watch them, and wanting to leave and get on exploring all the floors. Seriously, wear flats (not wedges, heels of any kind, nor flipflops, even in summer).  I wore low, comfortable heels and it was a mistake.  You will be running up and down tight staircases full of people, and there are different terrains. Wear contacts (no glasses) if at all possible. They suggest you check everything but your credit card, which they want you to leave at the bar on tab.  My wallet has a wrist strap on it, so I kept it with me, but it was a minor hindrance.  Next time I will wear something with pockets, or use a small cross-body bag (and I mean tiny and lightweight, you will be running). Definitely go with someone, but split up.  I went by myself and the dreamworld part was incredible. However I missed not having anyone to reunite with in the jazz bar and having no one to talk about the experience with now that it's over. Time to go again! :)
Having read previous reviews, I realized the point of the show was to actually watch the performances. We did a bit of both waiting in central places and the action came to us (think big hallways and large rooms) or follow the actors through the hotel which included lots of climbing up and down stairs. We got enough of the story to appreciate it, while still not entirely sure all that happened. Enjoy it for the unique experience it is and don't get too stuck on trying to understand it all!
In a word: Freaky. Roving packs of spectators follow the actors in this extremely loose interpretation of Shakespeare's "Macbeth." Here, the onus is on you to find the actors and prepare to have your feet stepped on! Your best bet to catch the good scenes (for example, the techno orgy/childbirth with nudity, which happens on a lower floor) is to follow the crowds and listen for the grunting/screaming/few lines of dialogue because only the actors are supposed to speak. The play is on a loop, so you can stay with one character and then switch to another once the two interact. Rather than use dialogue, the actors are very physical and rely on interpretive dance with big movements, including the one who is supposed to be heavily pregnant, but let's set aside reality for a moment. Still, I'm not really into interpretive dance. No other play has this much set design. There's a forest, graveyard, hospital ward, home, restaurant and more and they're all on different floors of the McKittrick "hotel" with instruments, tubs, papers, desks, bedrooms, etc. The extremely dim lighting and music help set the tone. You wear a white mask the entire time. You will start sweating. Guides wearing black masks will stop you from doing anything you're not supposed to, but other than that you can touch and go wherever you want. The actors aren't wearing any masks and if you are in their way, they will just move you and keep on going. Sometimes they will interact with you. One person in our group was pulled into a "hut" in the forest by a nurse who fed him tea with a spoon, so you might not want that personal touch. I'm just saying. The particulars: You must check all bags for $3 cash, including purses, but you don't have to check your coat; they take credit cards at the bar; they won't let you in if you get there later than an hour after the show starts; and DO NOT worry about sticking with your group. You can meet up with them at the bar at the end. You could actually do this alone if no one wants to pay up to $110 (service fee included) to go with you. The bad: It is highly possible to miss all the good scenes and just roam around here. No one is going to tell you what's happening where and that could suck for you for $110. And if you don't have an appreciation for the abstract in any form, this isn't for you.
Very unique theater experience.. Set design is amazing. Definitely wear comfortable shoes. There are various entry times but I suggest going early to get the full experience.
Put on your scream killer mask and explore. Make sure to have a glass of wine before you get in there. I came with a +1, but the elevator guy said it's better to go on this voyage ALONE. As i was walking out of the elevator, the door closed right behind me and my +1 was whisked away to another floor. This was a heightened experience, where you wander around and investigate elements of scenes you walk into as you go from room to room, floor to floor and spooky exit doors. Based on Shakespeare's Macbeth. Have some twizzlers/gumballs at the Candy Shop. Enjoy a live musical performance, watch the bartender fix a drink..  he sprinkles some "poison" in one of two shots and mixes them around. He then asks you to choose which shot you want. Witness a bar fight and a killing. dancing at the  "debutante ball", washing away of the blood/sins scene with a nude man in a bathtub. Pass by a forest, a chilly graveyard, mental clinic, It goes on and on. I'd go again. Walked around for 3 hours.
Go. If you haven't been, go!!! This was the most immersive theatrical experience that I have ever seen.  I pray that this sort of thing becomes more common, but I fear that it will be the case. I left astounded and in wonder.  I left giddy with excitement. Only later did the magic start to wear off.  It was too crowded, too packed in.  And in the end, the crowds ruined the magic.  And left me with a sour taste in my mouth. I desperately want to go again.  But I never want to face crowds like that for such an intimate performace.  I want to experience magic, not feel herded like cattle. Despite this, you must go if you haven't yet.  It's worth the stampede.  Once.
If you don't like Broadway, this might be for you. Part play, Shakespeare, dance- you walk around a huge hotel following actors around.  I would highly suggest walking around on your own rather than a group. There is no talking and it just adds to the mood. I went a second time and I have forgotten how moody and David Lynch-esque this is. There's lots of walking and goin up an down stairs so wear comfortable shoes! Also you have to check in your bag no matter what size.
A simply amazing experience, unlike any other theatre I've ever been to -- highly, highly recommended.  No reviews that I read really prepare you for what it is like, or do it justice.  It is intense, visceral, beautiful, and haunting -- the type of thing that will definitely insinuate itself into your dreams, or at least take you a few days to mull over.  The actors/dancers are incredible, the sets are exquisite, and the speakeasy/bar itself is worth a good chunk of the price of admission.  Go while you have a chance!   I went in well-primed on the basics and I think this really helped me get a lot out of my first viewing, although I think it's possible to go in without any foreknowledge and still have a great time.  That said, some really key bits of basic advice (with no spoilers): - brush up on your Macbeth (a quick skim through Wikipedia will suffice, if you're pressed for time) - bring good (i.e. flat) shoes.  You will be in a mask anyway, so check your vanity at the door -- you will be glad for it when you are in hot pursuit of one of the actors over uneven ground or up the interminable staircases.  you might consider wearing clothes that can easily be washed, as well, as there is quite a bit of fake blood being flung at various times. - arrive early, so you can have a little extra time to soak in the atmosphere at the speakeasy before you enter, and more time inside the 'hotel' - split up from your friends -- it is eerie in there, but enjoyably so.
Pretentious nonsense. And very expensive nonsense, at that. Mysterious for the sake of being mysterious, involving lots of staring. I don't even know how to describe it beyond "excruciatingly boring after about 30 seconds".
my husband and friends were looking forward to a fun evening. Instead I was physically assaulted by a performer. We were in the room with an altar that had a blanket draped on it and a cross on the wall. I laid down on the altar and all of a sudden this male performer came charging in pushed one friend, then my husband then violently pulled the blanket from under me yelled to get off and pushed me so hard that I fell to the floor. Completely startled and on the floor the performer not caring if I was hurt or to even apologize he started his acrobats. We asked to speak to a supervisor who apologized for what happened, she offered us drinks. Which was not the point. All we wanted was to have the performer come out and apologize to us. She refused, saying that he had another performance to do. Is this how you reprimand someone who physically assaults a patron? Let him continue doing his act. Thankfully I didn't break anything, I have a badly bruised hip and sore wrist. A terrible experience. And worse it wasn't even interesting. To contrived. a lame haunted house.
I read alot of reviews before going to the show. I was actually surprised that it wasn't better. Supposedly it's suppose to be loosely based on Macbeth..since i am not familiar with Macbeth, I read a summary online just to familiarize myself with it a bit. It didn't help at all. I was completely lost the whole time. I did go with my sister and we chose to stick together the whole time (due to them insisting on us checking in ALL our belongings EXCEPT money of course - so we did not have our phones in case we could not find eachother at the end)...it  might have been a more interesting experience by splitting up and venturing out alone but it wasn't intriguing enough for me to go again and try that. You also must be quiet the entire time..we found it hard to stick to this rule..we often found ourselves giggling and trying to speak to each other. The theme is original but I think it could have been done better. There were alot of people there too (on a wed night) which took away from the show. We found ourselves constantly being pushed around by the crowds and not able to really see everything that is meant to be seen. At the end, we were very tired after walking around for almost 3 hours and having started off with a drink at the bar. I wonder if I had brought my very charismatic, impatient hubby if he would've been yelling out "oh brother" during most of the scenes. All in all, I give it 3 stars for originality but wish I could give it 5 stars for a really great show. The masks were honestly the best thing I got out of it.
*Spoiler alert* Was an experience and a half!I took the last star off only because people were pushy and I didn't get to keep up with some of the actors I was following. The show itself was exhilarating (literally) I was running for the majority of the 3 hours. The interpretation of the text is loose but the liberties they've taken with it makes it even more engaging. Only suggestions would be to wear clothing and footwear u don't mind getting dirty, if you don't perhaps best to stand towards the back of the crowd for the prophesy rave. Also as many people have said: Go with friends but better to go off in diff directions and explore on your own. There will be more interesting stories for after! I am literally sleeping no more (I scare easy). It's not for the faint of heart. Especially since there is a possibility you could get abandoned on an empty creepy mental asylum floor.
This is the closest to a real live video game that you will ever experience. Think about it: You're plopped into a strange location and it's up to you to explore and figure out what's around you and what the rules of the world might be. You want to look in absolutely every nook and cranny, so as not to miss anything. Once and awhile you'll have random encounters with beings from the strange world and you must decide how you interact with them. Hide? Follow them hoping for treasure? The other "players" are mostly distractions to your fun, because they get in the way and impede on your space. Yeah, no wonder I've felt like playing Skyrim immediately after the two times that I've gone to Sleep No More.
This is a truly awesome experience. It's worth the price. Why? Well it is "painfully" obvious how much detail and forethought has gone into every aspect of this production. Like painfully obvious. The detail is quite remarkable. And the imagination of the collective [I personally think it is impossible for any less than a whole company of people to come up with ALL these concepts] is gleefully inspiring. Yes they have the plays going on, and I did stop to watch some, but I was mostly interested in the atmosphere they created. I was in one room that had a mirror which I realized at some point wasn't a mirror, because the bed behind me wasn't bloody as it was in the mirror. You are immersed in the Bates Motel and "The Shining's" Overlook Hotel. Pull open drawers, eat candy, do as I did and read passages from countless eerie diaries and books. This whole place is the anticipation or undertone of something sinister, which is a whole lot better than the actual action. That would have been cheesy. You are transported somewhere "uncomfortable" that has you in its grip, and you love it.
This was definitely the most unique theatrical experience I've ever had. At $100 for a ticket I was hesitant, but it was worth every penny. I highly recommend it to anyone - just be sure to brush up on your familiarity with Macbeth first.
This is an amazing experience 360 degrees!  Atmosphere, people, ambiance, food (oh that amazing delicious quail skewers...).  Must experience this, period.
A unique and special Macbeth that everyone should see once! Make sure to reread Macbeth before going or you will be lost
Went to this back when they were still in limited run. Had read up on what to expect beforehand and felt I did a good mix of exploring the exquisite sets and following actors around, though overall still missed ALOT of the action. Still, I enjoyed it immensely but can understand why some people wouldn't. It's not a show at all, it's an immersive experience that requires action on the part of participants and takes alot of work. But there is also an element of luck to the experience. No one can control where they begin and there's no information given on when and where the actors are at any given time, so there are things that one happens upon and other things that will be missed completely. The action does repeat itself and I found myself running into the same things more than once. Overall, it's probably love it or hate it, and I loved it!
I saw Sleep No More over 2 months ago, and I still have no clue about what I saw. To be quite honest, my fascination with Sleep No More was due to Gossip Girl featuring an entire episode about it and I was desperate to find that candy shop that Blair & Chuck did a scene in (I did find it! and had a piece of candy!). Reading most of the reviews on Yelp taught me a few things: wear comfy shoes & contacts (for glasses wearers), arrive early, dress lightly (difficult since it was in the 30's in NYC) and expect the unexpected. I get extremely fidgety when sitting through a musical...by intermission, I'm usually zoned out, wondering when it is going end. Sleep No More was the perfect "performance" to watch because audience members are basically chasing (literally! especially Macbeth...that guy can runnnnnnnn) each actor, choosing our own storyline that we want to follow (that means if you got bored, you can just step away and follow another actor) and the entire set is so elaborate (5 stories), you can spend a chunk of time just exploring that (they encourage you to actually touch the set and rifle through drawers, etc...). All audience members are wearing masks so it adds to the voyeuristic aspects of the production. Oh yes, the orgy scene. Basically bat-sh*t insane and you don't want to miss it. I had read about it on Yelp and was worried I wouldn't see it...follow the techno music! Overall, a very very unique experience and I wish they would do a production in LA! If I was living in NYC, I would definitely think about experiencing it again just to be less confused the 2nd time around. Prices are reasonable: $75 pp (comparable to watching a Broadway show...but these "seats" are front row!)
Anyone who does not like this is not cultured. The ambiance and surrealism is exquisite. Tasteful and creepy. A true NYC gem!
This is a very hit or miss production. Some of our group had a wonderful time and interactive private scenes with the actors. The rest of us spent the whole night exploring a wonderfully decorated but ultimately dull hotel. Unless you have personal experiences this is truly a boring, if well decorated, production.
The absolute best theater experience in New York! It's an interactive play that takes place within a block of warehouses converted into a "hotel" in Chelsea. You're given a mask and dropped off within the hotel. Once inside, you run around the place, following whichever actor you feel like until their storyline dries up. If you choose to go to Sleep No More with another person, don't plan on staying together once inside the hotel. The experience is great in that you're free to follow the play however you may choose, uninhibited by someone else. The play is loosely based off Shakespeare's Macbeth. The kicker: there's absolutely no dialogue. The plot moves along on the backs of the actor's elaborate form of dance, as they throw themselves and their fellow actors around this hotel. Even the hotel itself is an instrumental character in the play. It's covered in letters and props that further the plot and with which you're encouraged to interact.
Everyone must see this show! I am a complete scaredy-cat  but within about 30 mins I was so into what was going on I was going into rooms before my husband and following the actors etc. Overall this is a very unique one of a kinda experience and something great for a date night or a group! Would love to go again! And believe that 99% of people would enjoy it!
First off I wish I had a better understanding of the show before going. I did read as much as I could without giving myself to many spoilers, but I will share some info I feel everyone should know before seeing this Interactive performance. -Wear comfortable footwear. Its a lot of walking & some running (if you want) -There is a chance you can get a little "blood" sprayed on you from a scene or two -You are masked the whole performance, I suggest bringing a cotton ball to place on the bridge of your nose under the mask, it will help with any sweating. -Its very dark throughout parts of the "hotel" be careful where you step. -The actors are the only peoples not wearing masks. In order to see any acting you must try to follow the actors throughout the "hotel". It is impossible to see all the scenes for this show. Some of the actors are in a lot of scenes so they move quite quickly so keeping up may be difficult. If you lost the actor you were following try to find another one. Its not as hard as it may seem at times. - From what I understand the show does 3 cycles a night. So try to get an early start so you can try to see some scenes you missed. You can stay as long as you like. -We wasted about 40 minutes looking into every room we passed. They encourage you to do this I don't think its necessary, you don't learn anything about the storyline by reading the little notes here & there. You must follow the actors to understand the story. -If you are in a group of 2 or more then will try to split you up. I did not like this idea at first. But once my large group got back all together at the end, we shared what scenes we saw & got a little better understanding. -Its based on Macbeth, but a lot of people don't make the connection, especially for first timers. I also heard it has a lot of Hitchcock film Rebecca references. -Try to see the banquet scene. It involves almost all the actors & each cycle ends with it. If was so amazing & I barely even knew what was going on!! Overall I really enjoyed the show, even though it was completely different then any show I've been to before, but that's the whole point. I would go back to see it again now that I know a little more about what to expect! I suggest having dinner at The Heath next door either before or after the show!
I don't know you,  who am I,what am I, where am I and who are you people?!! Macbeth and Oh my dear creepy Rebecca. Ticket was a surprise present from my friend so I never got any prior info regarding the show.  I'm was so  lost and overwhelmed I will use adjectives instead of a fully developed rational sentences. Me alone ( lost touch with my friends since cell phones are not allowed), in my mask, scared yet curious. My imagination is running wild since I'm extremely afraid of the monsters and other spooky things. Walk up the flight of stairs in the dark ,alone while listening to the solemn and very creepy symphony. Find Manderley wrapped into a cloud of smoke and mystery. I take my card with a queen on it and enter the elevator with another bunch of white masks. Enchanted forest ,graveyard,ballroom filled with majestic music,cheers and laughter ,  empty candy shop, pre-war hospital filled with amber moonlight infiltrating through moving white curtains from widely opened French windows, ruins with old half broken statues, lunatic and his mania toward clocks, insane nurse performing satanic acts in the middle of the dead forest in twilight. i loved the setting and props more than the script itself. Its surreal, scary and beautiful. I exhausted myself, i have no more adjectives, I sleep no more, I see those masks in my dreams, I'm tired. Leave me alone. Just go. Just go away. Just go and watch it please
A most wonderful opium dream like experience: go with it. I agree with the wandering solo advice.  It is quite amazing when you bump into each other. I would advise not buying the overpriced weak drink they offer you in the beginning.
OFFICIAL REVIEW : SLEEP NO MORE So, my wife and myself dropped $310 on (2) tickets to NYC's "Sleep No More", for both the dinner & the show.  All I have to say is........ MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT reporting for duty!  We should have taken that cashola' and put us down for The Book of Mormon tix!   "Please, can I get those 4 hours of my life back!" - from my lovely wife ( who was in both Phantom of the Opera & in the cast of Cirque de Soleil ).  Okay... MacBeth?  Ehh... wasn't really MacBeth.  A vague, awkward "modern interpretive" dance-ish version of MacBeth from some other galaxy... maybe.  And that is NOT a compliment.   I honestly feel this show was meant for either pretentiously douchetastic drama people... or incredibly small-minded out-of-city'ers.  Needless to say... NOT A FAN of the show. Eyes Wide Shut meets Watching-Your-Uncle-Shave... ehhhh, not for us.  Ultimately, we went into this with WAY TOO HIGH of HOPES!  And it was utterly anticlimactic.   So, I give it (2) stars... simply for; - The Dinner - Was solid food, portions, timing, staff, etc... There was a great actor walking around acting super-odd, which I felt was a great precursor to the show, but obviously it fell short. - The Bar - Drinks were decent... Had a Champagne & St. Germain.  Pricing wasn't terrible & never felt rushed.   - Set Design - The Graveyard was awesome... and the details were definitely though out thru the entire "Hotel".  I was inspired by a lot of the various rooms, including the Candy Room, Headless Baby Room and the mirror in the bedroom that had an image of a bloody bed on the other side.  Well played... - Masks - They are cool.  Yet, even my retinas were sweating at one point.  But, conceptually a nice touch.   So... if you take anything from this, please don't touchup MacBeth (kinda pointless), wear comfy shoes & keep your expectations pretty low.   SLEEP. NO. BORE.
One of the best experiences ever! I went last year before they were suppose to close but apparently due to the popularity it's still going on strong! And for good reason... Worth the $$$ for sure! No, you are not allowed to hold someone else's hand or walk around with a "friend"... touch, follow, see everything BY YOURSELF! you're a big girl/boy if you're reading this.... go and have fun...  its a bit scary at first but once you submerge yourself in the atmosphere, you won't want to leave! stimulates all your senses! overload! Their rooftop just opened up, can't wait to check it out tomorrow!
Pretty cool experience!
Wear comfortable clothing. It gets super hot in there. Don't be the first or last one onto the elevator as it starts. Bring your ID. There are 5 floors to explore
Love! Love! Love! Definitely wear comfortable shoes! I felt like I was in an R-rated (good) Burton movie, mixed with Downton Abbey, and topped with a dollop of Kubrick. A must-see :)
Not too much to add here- you really have to see it yourself, but a few more tips. * The people going at 7:00pm, 7:20pm and 7:40pm are all finished at 10pm. We went at 7pm and the four of us all said we were ready to leave after about 2.5 hours. That said, the benefit to getting there earlier is that there are fewer people chasing after the actors, so you can actually see what is going on. * Be aware that there is sort of a final tableau that happens in the banquet room around 9:45pm. I had heard there might be a finale, but didn't tell my friends, assuming we would all be directed there as we wandered through the building, but they were all in the bar from about 9:30pm on and apparently there was no indication given that there was a finale going on, so they missed it. * I was not hot at all, as a matter of fact; I wished I hadn't checked my cardigan in several of the rooms. * Don't order a drink at the beginning. They call your numbers very quickly and you can't bring drinks in.
I spent a nice venue but i think that the show is overrated. I have to admit that escenery is gorgeous but that's it
I would agree with the previous reviewers who have reviewed this.  I would definitely recommend you wear contacts and not your eyeglasses as the masks you need to wear will be incompatible with them.  Also, I would set aside 4 hours for this event.  It takes a while to go through all the rooms and follow each actor.  I also agree that if you see a copy of the play (or film) MacBeth that it will tremendously improve your comprehension of what is going on.  The choreography and dancers were amazing.   One more thing I would add is that this event is completely okay to do solo.  In fact if you come in a group they will break your group apart so it is hard to find your friends.  The event is a very cerebral experience. Part hitchcock.  Part Kubrik.  With a little bit of Spielberg flash to make the experience one big mindf*ck. I use to go to the 'McKittrick Hotel' when it was a nightclub and how they were able to transform the building into this elaborate set is absolutely stunning.  Go watch this before the run completes!
There simply aren't words to describe this experience. To enjoy it you need to go without expectations and an open mind. I'm not going to get into a full description of the show, since others on here already have, and you should really experience it for yourself. I saw this early into it's run before the overwhelming crowds and once more after. I noticed that many of the complaints are that it's hard to enjoy with so many people running around, but one of the things they say at the beginning is: Fortune favors the bold. To get the most out of this experience you have to be bold and let go of whatever is holding you back. Don't read the more descriptive reviews expecting to have a similar experience, instead go blank, with an open mind, & enjoy. I am currently planning my third visit.
Definitely one of the best experiences I've ever had in NYC!!  Went to Holy Ship!!! the same month and I actually talk about this play more than the cruise.  Sleep No More is life-changing; facial expressions have never been the same.  Go watch the play with no expectations and you WILL be mind-blown!!  Don't over think it and just follow the actors around.  Make sure to get a sazerac or two before leaving Manderley... trust me, everything gets better when you're somewhat inebriated!!
This is one of the coolest shows i have ever been to. Went to see it when it just opened up! Make sure you separate from the group and wonder around. I don't think you need to follow one actor the whole time, but you should definitely do that for a while. I followed few, it was very interesting. After the show i was walking up to the train and still had the mask in my hands, you cant even imagine how many people stopped by to say that they had seen the show  :)) Great! Great! Have I said great ? :))
An AWESOME experience. In trying to explain it I've come up with this- it's what I imagine Harry Potter world at Disney to be like (visually with the rooms and structure on the inside) but possibly even cooler, although minus the butterbeer #dork. But really...it's 6 floors of 3 adjoining warehouses and over 100 rooms...just when I thought I'd seen everything, a character would run by and i'd follow them to a new room that I didn't know existed, and it was awesome. The detail in each room, from a candy shop, psych ward, taxidermy room, dried flowers, a forest with a hut with a person in it, a dark cemetery, hotel lobby, a bar with hay and dirt on the floor, a ballroom, and all within the context of this huge old-fashioned "hotel" setting. Although the actors barely spoke, watching them personify these characters inches from you is enthralling, and the opportunity to follow these characters to different locations within the space and follow the story of Macbeth or whatever else you wanted...how cool. My only complaint is it gets crowded and you literally have to RUN after a character and push people (oops!) or you might lose which floor or room they are going to next. But still...the music, lighting, brilliantly detailed sets (I don't even want to call them sets because it is literally like you stepped back in time to all of these incredibly realistic rooms. and you can open drawers, read letters, take candy, etc), and the performances (facial expressions and dance/fight choreography that will wow you)...I highly recommend it! I know the price seems steep but it is worth it...like a haunted house but so much cooler!!
