Stopped in here the other afternoon to check out the Pho Real, having read all of the rave reviews on Yelp.  Overall, it's a solid deli sandwich with incredibly fresh ingredients, a healthy portion of roast beef, and comes out relatively quickly.  Strongly recommended for lunch, afternoon snack, dinner, or a late-night food grab if you're in or around the East Village and have cash on hand and an appetite for a fresh deli sandwich with some truly unique ingredient combinations. As others have mentioned, Sunny and Annie's *looks* like your typical LES corner grocery store; there is absolutely nothing about it that, from the outside, would lead you to believe that there is a particularly notable deli counter within.  However, once inside you'll discover that the deli counter has some of the most creative, flavor-packed, and unique sandwich combinations of any deli in the city.  The Pho Real, the Bloomberger, and the Obama all have absolutely mind-blowing combinations of meats, toppings, garnishments, veggies, and sauces/condiments.  I went with the Pho Real, simply because of the sheer number of positive reviews I had read on this site prior to visiting.   Verdict?  The Pho Real is delicious, and is quite large; you could definitely split it up into 2 small meals if you're so inclined.  The sandwich comes with a good 1.5 to 2 servings of roast beef, avocado slices, cilantro, bean sprouts, sliced tomato, and sriracha (the key ingredient) all on a fresh hoagie roll.  Overall, the ingredients are incredibly fresh and are provided in generous quantities. I only gave Sunny and Annie's 3 starts simply because the $7 sandwich doesn't include anything, and at least the time I went, the Pho Real wasn't warmed or heated (even though the menu indicated it would come so).  I definitely plan on returning to try the Obama and perhaps the bulgogi / kimchi sandwich.
This deli makes amazing sandwiches. It's open 24 hours so perfect late night munchies. It's cheap and filling...only thing is its needs to have more locations in the city.
The guys behind the counter spent quite a while making our sandwiches, because they were very large and filled with all kinds of stuff. I ordered the Mr. Bloomburga and my friend ordered something with roast beef and swiss cheese and red peppers in it. Both were okay. The flavors were weird combinations. They both seemed like very particular tastes. If you found one on the menu that you liked, I bet you would really, really like it. Quality ingredients abounded. They seemed to have a very large beer and other beverage selection. And they were selling a 64 oz jug of maple syrup for like $30! There's no seating.
How unexpecting to find this sandwich shop inside a typical Korean market. My friend lives around the corner so we came and got the PHO REAL sandwich and guess what it does really taste like you're eating PHO except without the soup and plus avocados. I only wrote about this bc it was something I've never seen this concept before and was not disappointed at all!
Pho Real pho life! The Pho Real sandwich tastes like Pho! I have taken all of my so cal friends to eat this and they alway get a trip on how much this taste like pho. So far I'm 8/8!  Two of those 8 being Vietnamese who love their pho! I don't really understand why someone would think to add avocado to this sandwich, but i don't really care because it sure does work! I've tried the turkey with kimchi sandwhich, the korean bulgogi sandwich, and the blt. The blt comes close second but if i'm ever in the neighborhood i'm ordering the Pho Real!
A typical bodega on the outside, but some surprisingly creative sandwiches within. Since I loooove myself some good pho, I knew I had to eventually come here to try the P.H.O. Real sandwich ($7, hot or cold) once my friend told me about it.  I made the trek over, put down my order, and within 5minutes of squeezing through the narrow aisles of this tiny bodega, my sandwich was ready. You pick up the sandwich at the cashier window, and it comes with a pickle if you'd like one. Truly does taste like pho, without the noodles and with added avocados (which i enjoyed). It definitely wasn't orgasmic, but I did appreciate the novelty and would come back for it and to try their other sandwiches.
Who'd of thought this little bodega would have such an amazing "pho" sandwich. Try it without the avocado for a more authentic taste.
Just go here - it's  another hidden gem of the East Village. You can't go wrong with any sandwich here, but please try the BLT - always made with perfectly toasted bread topped with creamy mayo, cold crispy lettuce, juicy tomato, and a shitload of hot crispy bacon. It's a revelation - all for $4.
This place rocks!!! 'nuff said. The sandwich menu is huuuuge. Lots of stuff to try. Great variety. Interesting combinations. I love the kimchi and roast beef. John Kerry is good too. I had no idea the dumpy looking place on the corner had sandwiches and I never expected the sandwiches to be phenomenal. I love splitting a sandwich with my girl as a lunch/snack before going on a wandering food tour downtown.
Pho real sandwich was awesome the first time I had it, but not the second time, nor third time. They deliver, hooray, this place is alright.
Had the Pho #1 original. It was good, but not great. This deli is definitely unique with its sandwiches. Have to give it to them for originality.
This place doesn't look like much (just a little bigger than your typical every-street-corner-in-nyc convenience store), but they make a mean sandwich. I had melted Munster on roast beef with some peppers, etc, but I felt like I was eating a Philly cheese steak. In Philadelphia. Amazing. Cons: there are "too many choices", and the sandwiches are "too big" :)
Unsuspecting delicious deli.  Sandwich menu is extensive, personal faves include the Pho, Biden, Mona Lisa and chicken Caesar on a crossaint.  Their soup is outrageously good, split pea especially.  The best part is their breakfast sandwich, only $3.50 and comes with two eggs, cheese, hashbrowns and bacon, ham or sausage.  I get mine on a bagel, super filling and so cheap. They are always open and they deliver anything anytime so long as it's $10 or more.  Great for drunken eats.
I am addicted to the Turkey Club w/Avocado.  The sandwiches here are delicious, huge, and they don't scrimp on the meat!  I have only tried a couple of different ones, but the Mona Lisa and Godfather are delicious as well. Only downside.... Don't eat the pickles.  They keep them wrapped in foil in a bin by the register, and they taste like metal and garlic.  Nasty!
Ok, I was hungry and late for something and was on my way. I needed something filling, that I can walk and eat and was quick. I also didn't want shit food. This was an easy choice. for $7.50 I got the Obama wrap which was a combo of marinated chicken, eggplant, fried onions, squash, balsamic vinegar and probably some other stuff. It's so goddamn good! Every time I eat here I ask myself why I don't eat here more often. It's just not fair sometimes.
Sunny and Annie's is my favorite bodega in NYC. I used to live one block away and got sandwiches here more often than I'd like to admit. I moved to Jersey City a few years ago, but still try to find excuses to go completely out of my way and visit S&A's once a month or so. It's one of those great East Village gems. I almost always go with the chicken caesar wrap, which is the best I've ever had. I know there are chicken caesar wraps on every menu in NYC, but this one is really above and beyond. It's huge-- you can eat half for lunch and save the rest for dinner and be satisfied. My bf usually went with the Obama wrap, which was also great-- fresh veggies every time. Staff is great and very speedy. Delivery is really fast-- like 15 minutes or less-- and the delivery guys are super friendly.
Grabbed The Journal sandwich for $7.62 and enjoyed it, but would certainly guess that the meat-oriented sandwiches are more of a hit, given that this was kinda sloppy, and not in that guilty-pleasure-deli-hero kinda way (plus I didn't meet the $10 minimum for plastic despite a substantial charge). Tiny bodega aisles so beware during the rushes.
Lived near Sunny and Annie's for awhile. Mini grocery/bodega  with damned good, cheap ($5 avg?) heros and a good produce/bevg selection considering. The coffee (hazelnut, vanilla, reg, decaf) is always fresh and they even trust you to make it yourself. I would only advise against pizza bagels. It sounds fun at $1.50, but you soon realize eating nuked rubber and tomato slop was not the best venture. They deliver everything and anything and at anytime if I'm not mistaken.
I used to live 3 blocks from this spot, and it's one of the places I miss the most from the East Village. My go-to sandwich is the East Side Ink, which has plenty of roast beef and cheese, but the best part are the jalapenos. A certifiable sinus drainer. Other standouts: Pho Real, the John Kerry, and the Italian sub. Please open a Chelsea location!
The first deli I ate at in NYC. Bartender recommend and it truly is awesome. Being drunk doesn't hurt either, I was visiting last week but was too crowded, very small deli but if not crowded, go for it.
Bottega, 4 stars - yep it's that good. The people there were soooo nice, and the sandwiches were BIG and loved their combos. Pho #1 is always the safe choice....  Can't remember which other ones I tried, but I remember NOT getting disappointed with any of them. :)
"John Carey without tomato/cilantro, with jalapeno/basil" Come here often when working late. Favorites are the "John Carey", East Side Ink and Chicken Curry Wrap. Only complaints are that they leave the stems on the cilantro and get lazy after the 3am mark when using chicken that's obviously been sitting out for a couple hours.
LEGEN......wait for it....DARY!!!!  Good ole S&A, if you don't have at least one sandwich from here a week and you live in the East Village, you are doing something wrong with your life. Mona Lisa, Special BLT, John Kerry, and Bacon/Sausage Egg and cheese are personal favorites...but explore...do yourself a favor and visit Sunny.  Or Annie.  Or both.  Now.
I used to live around the corner from this bodega. They have the best sandwiches ever, and so many choices! I like the East Ink and Pho sandwich. Their bulgogi sandwich is not bad as well. Also, muffins are fresh and moist here for breakfast.
One of the best hidden sandwich place in NYC.      You must try their sandwich!
Great place to grab a quick lunch or a light dinner. Their sandwiches are fresh and tasty. Tons of ingredients and combinations. Their pho sandwhich is a yummy american twist on Viatnamese Pho. Haven't tried any breakfast sandwiches yet though. This is a staple in my diet when I'm on the go.
I can't think of something they can do better. I've tried 8 sandwiches so far and each was fantastic.
One of the neighborhood's best kept secrets.  This bodega is 24 hours, and has an array of quality deli meats at a low price.  The food is always quality, and they're always polite.  They deliver (10$ minimum), and they have the best breakfast you can find: breakfast sandwich and a coffee for 2.50.  In this city that has given way to overpriced everything, this company is staying successful by quality and low prices.  I frequent this place at least 3 times a week, and I know I'm not the only one.
Pho #1 was very good, but I wasn't blown away. I've had a better sandwich for $7.00. I would still come back to try the others as they had very interesting options. Ingredients were quality, and the guys were friendly and made suggestions.
I am so grateful to have Sunny and Annie's as my very own neighborhood deli. The sandwiches are as good as they say and the staff have literally become my friendly neighbors, but oddly I don't go out of my way to avoid them. I stop by this deli almost everyday, say hello to Annie, or Allen, David, Arturo, Sunny and the whole Sunny and Annie family while I buy a bottle of water or a snack. They have great produce, fresh flowers, iced coffee and a huge variety of drink choices. It is a wonderful family owned business and everything is high in quality. I recommend this deli to everyone! I have friends who even travel from Brooklyn JUST to have a sandwich, and don't even bother to say hello when I am right next door, rude, but understandable.
shhhhh!!!!!! or soon this place will have a ghastly line coming out of it when all the lounges let out the drunks. Don't ruin this.
This all-night deli has one of the best sandwich counters in the city, with your usual fare in addition to dozens of unusual combinations like the kimchee sandwich, featuring roast beef, American cheese, kimchee, and Russian dressing.  They're all about six bucks each, and pretty filling.
You would not expect it, but this "Gourmet Grocery" has a very inventive sandwich menu.  I went with the Ali (roasted pork) and it was delicious!  I should have had them hold the cilantro, but overall a very tasty lunch. Good to have another go to sandwich shop in the East Village.
I've had their lox and bagel a couple of times, and it does the trick. I wouldn't travel across the city for it (the way I would for Russ and Daughters - swoon), but if you're in the area, it's good enough to satisfy the craving. I also ordered a roasted veggie sandwich there once that was pretty darn good - again, not worthy of a special trip, but if you're nearby and want a sandwich that doesn't suck, it'll do the trick.
I'm in love. Sunny & Annie's and I met when I lived down the block on 7th Street. I first became enthralled with the sandwiches and subsequently the late night delivery. Their late night beer drop offs have saved many a party at the crucial "whoops we're all out" moment. However, S&A's isn't a one trick pony - as we speak I'm sitting sick in bed with a grilled cheese sandwich, tomato soup, Robitussin, ginger Kombucha, and echinacea tea....all delivered by S&A in LESS THAN 20 MINUTES! Did they fly? These guys are geniuses at life. Seriously.
Best Bodega in EV.  Great sandwiches-and clearly the word is out.  Even like the gruff attitude when you order delivery.  p.s. they carry xmas trees and even deliver them.  One of the places that makes you love nyc even more.
I just walked back from Sunny and Annie's. It's by far the best I've had in the East Village. I walk in and ask for the Monalisa. The guy throws in a breaded chicken cutlet in the microwave. The Korean guy that runs the place shouts at the people in the bathroom that they shouldn't be using it and how he spent $700 in fixing it. The guy flattened my roll and I'm confused why he's doing it. It's toasted. Then loads of roasted peppers is thrown on. Then at least 4-5 leaves of fresh basil. Then multiple slices of fresh mozzarella. If you guys care of about food, yes, FRESH mozrella is put on. Then a load of balsamic. Then on with the cutlet. It costs $5.50. I walk away eating it and I might've ejaculated in my pants. The sandwich is so big that it makes sense that the roll was flattened. After eating it, I realized in my bag that there's a pickle in aluminum foil. A nice finishing to the best sandwich I've had. Go there, it's so good.
I had been hearing about the legendary Sunny and Annie's Pho sandwich (formerly known as the "Pho Real," now called the Pho #1) for ages and finally got the chance to try it  when I was recently looking for a quick and cheap dinner in the East Village. Sunny and Annie's delivered precisely that as well as kicked off an addiction. I've had the Pho #1 (roast beef, bean sprouts, basil, onion, cilantro, avocado, tomato hoysin sauce, Sriracha) in its hot and cold iterations (I prefer the latter) on round and long rolls (the former is less messy), and I can't recommend it highly enough.
pho real is the best sandwich ever. i've been to this spot twice in a week.  the best part is that they are open 24 hours.  it's cash only so make sure you take a trip to the atm before heading all the way over.  if you forget they always have an atm machine but then again you'd be paying a surcharge not to mention bank fees. so don't do it. yeah...you're welcome.  jk. anyways, there are so many different sandwiches, all of which are tasty. the biden is solid.  all the sandwiches are about $7-$8 which for bodega prices is usually a bit steep but it's alphabet city and it's a specialty sandwich so don't complain.  the pickles are horrendous but that's an easily forgivable offense.
Their pho real sandwich is pho reeeeeeeeal
Sunny and Annie's: We have many beautiful sandwiches for your birthday celebration, each one filled with little surprises! El Guapo: How many sandwiches? Sunny and Annie's: Many sandwiches, many! El Guapo: Sunny and Annie, would you say I have a plethora of sandwiches? Sunny and Annie's: A what? El Guapo: A *plethora*. Sunny and Annie's: Oh yes, El Guapo. You have a plethora. El Guapo: Sunny and Annie, what is a plethora? Sunny and Annie's: Why, El Guapo? El Guapo: Well, you just told me that I had a plethora, and I would just like to know if you know what it means to have a plethora. I would not like to think that someone would tell someone else he has a plethora, and then find out that that person has *no idea* what it means to have a plethora. Sunny and Annie's: El Guapo, I know that I, Sunny and Annie, do not have your superior intellect and education, but could it be that once again, you are angry at something else, and are looking to take it out on me?
Incredible! This place came highly recommended, and I was far from dissapointed.  It looks like a corner grocery store from the outside, but don't let it fool you, this is a fantastic deli. I had the pho real sandwich, and my wife had the bbq chicken kimchee hero.  Luckily, i found a park bench a few blocks away because the pho real sandwich would have dropped me to my knees.  Wow.  For 6 bucks, what a value because I could only eay half.  I gave the rest to a homeless guy...I think I made his day. The bbq chicken kimchee was quite incredible also...never thought to use kimchee on a sandwich but I'm sold.  I wish I remembered whatever else was on that sandwich.  If someone could get a picture or just send me the ingredients of the bbq chicken kimchee hero...I would be forever in your debt. You must go visit this place, it is truly a hidden gem in a city of great food.   Thanks Chris H for the great pictures...I'm going to try making the pho real at home.  I'll definitely go back to this place every time I visit NY.
I chose to get a Sammy at Sunny and Annie's based on these Yelp reviews.  Oh how i love Yelp, for it was a delicious sandwich indeed - a delicious sandwich with Asian flair!!  I had the Pho Real sandwich (ha!).  It had roast beef that was tender and juicy, avocado, hoisin sauce, tomato, red onion and some other delicious sauce to make it spicy.  My boyfriend's sandwich had everything from curry chicken to octopus (I know it sounds gross), but tastebuds say "delish"!  The price is right too.  The sandwiches are a filling size and range btwn $5-$7.  And to top it off, the workers are very nice.  Although the deli is small and packed pretty tightly with your usual deli foods, snacks and toiletries, it's clean and organized.  And an added plus... it's right by Tompkins Square Park - great place to eat lunch.
Anyone in a couple block radius has to make this their deli.   Their breakfast sandwiches are the best I've ever had and I have a special place in my heart for the egg white, sausage and cheese on an English muffin.  Wow!   Their other sandwiches are impressive as well.  The PHO Real is extremely good.  But my favorite is a grill chicken sandwich with pepper jack, bacon, avocado, lettuce tomato, mayo and mustard.  Best chicken club I've had, and from a deli!!!
Omg...I used to live down here and miss this place SOOO much.  The sandwiches are great, the soup is decent.  The best thing ever though, are the pizza bagels!!!  They make a pepperoni one that may be the best drunk food ever created.
you know how no matter how long it's been since you visited your grandma, the second you walk into her home the smell just takes you to another place, and nothing else is quite like it? sunny and annie's does that to me.
A tiny deli in a tiny store.  The pho sandwich is excellent - it actually tastes like you're eating pho in a sanwich form.  Genius.
Best sausage, egg and cheese you will ever get at a deli.  I miss this place since I moved.   Tremendous.  All the sandwiches are great.  The Pho Real is damn good.  The John Kerry is good.  But my favorite is a grilled chicken club, with bacon avocado and pepper jack.  Damn it's good.
The Pho Real is legitimately amazing and definitely itself warrants a visit to this otherwise nondescript bodega.  Huge sandwich, $6.99 and, as Linh D. says best - your head says its Pho but your eyes tell you it is a sandwich.
Pizza bagels are amazing, and cheap ($2)! Best drunk food ever.
not really a breakfast person but my boyfriend is, so i made my own sandwich (grilled chicken, avocado, tomato, lettuce and mayo on toasted whole wheat bread) for 4.75. tasted good and i was outta there in minutes. does not have seats, fyi.
Just ordered delivery from here yesterday based on the reviews and the pics (only way to know what was on the menu) and the sandwiches were awesome and inexpensive!!!! The PHO real was amazing and different, definitely has a great kick and the HOT combination were our favorites. This is definitely on my speed dial...just called to order breakfast/lunch!!
Pho real? Fo sure! This place is the bomb. I've had their "Pho Real" sandwich - basically a deconstructed pho in sandwich form - at least a handful of times. And they've always been out of this world amazing. By amazing, I don't mean just by deli sandwich standards - it passes the test by all sandwich joint standards. I've been here with and introduced numerous aspiring chefs (of Michelin quality) to this place, and they've always been impressed. There was one time we even took a cab all the way from Union Hall in Brooklyn just for this glorious late-night snack. (Yeah, I know. We had a serious craving. It's just that good.) Just go easy with how spicy you want it. They tend to douse the Sriracha on there. Even for my Korean American taste buds, my last sandwich was a hair too spicy. The greatest thing is that it's at a bodega - which means they're open pretty much at all hours of the evening. So after a drink or two or three at Kate's Joint, you can amble on over, hand over the 7.50 (a totally fair price for a nice sized party in your mouth), and plop down on one of those cute apartment stoops just around the corner. It's the best bodega (or any) sandwich a woman or man can buy.
Really dont know why i gave it 3 stars before. Breakfast sandwiches are the best. They dont charge extra for using a bagel or a cheese other than american. love it.
Chicken club sandwich with avocado!!! Very good.. The pho sandwich is great too!!!
pho real ... very creative interpretation of a Vietnamese bowl of soup. don't be confused - it looks like an innocent bodega. they be gettin crazy with their sandwich creations. i'll definitely try something else next time i'm in the area (i'm not totally into vietnamese soup, but you know, i like to try new things). i'd bet that they have another sandwich that is all up in my alley.
Hands down the best sandwich spot in the East Village. Been coming here for years.
This place is the best corner store in the neighborhood.  That Pho sandwich is real good.  Bacon Egg on a roll ain't bad either.
Awesome sandwiches and fast delivery service.  They will deliver not only food but whatever else they have for example groceries.
Wow. I had the Pho #1 and it was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. So beefy with just the right amount of tang contributed by the tomatoes and sriracha. The basil is also very distinct. I would consider moving into this neighborhood just to eat this everyday. Can't wait to try some of their other very original sounding sandwiches.
Pho and Kimchi sandwich were yum!
Small bodega, but awesome sandwiches. And they have vegetarian options, including an avocado sandwich and a veggie burger! While they're making your sandwich, you can also stock up on any other other junk food essentials.
Hmm. So i've only got delivery from here once and they blew me away! I got their Pho-real sandwich which has roast beef, cillantro, sprouts, red onions, tomatoes, avocado, hoison/sot sauce and I scarfed the whole thing down!! They only thing I would change from the sandwich would be to lose the avocado.. doesn't really go with the vietnamese taste!! anyhow,I can't wait to try some more sandwiches from here!
Got an East Side Ink and a Reuben. Awesome, awesome. Generous with the filling. The sandwich options are endless, and I had a really hard time settling on one.
This little sandwich shopped is tucked away into a little corner store on Avenue B. I was a follower and got the PHO real sandwich, like everybody else. And I was not disappointed! I did take some of the basil and cilantro off though, it was a little much for me. The sandwiches are always huge and filling! It's quick and easy!
This is going to be a redundant review about the... you guessed it! Pho sandwich! I had to give my opinion on it because I'm sitting here across the country at 3am craving it, and you know when you crave something, it's something goooood! I love the Pho sandwich because sometimes I want pho, but not always in a hot, oily broth, so this is the perfect substitution! You get the whole pho experience in a textury mouth full!
Just have to reiterate what everyone else has said... good sandwiches at good prices.  Note: nowhere to sit, so you'll have to take your lunch to go.
Their Kimchi sandwich rocks. I think it's big enough for two people to share.
A great place to get a quick and tasty sandwich in the neighborhood. They have a huge variety to choose from, so there really is something for everyone (unless you are a sandwich hater - boo on you). The ingredients are always good, and they've never gotten sassy with me when I've asked them to leave particular things off of my sandwich. It's always nice when you don't get attitude for special requests! I'm a picky lady.
An excellent sandwich shop is an unexpected surprise in this mini grocery store. This sandwich bar makes tons of different sandwiches, all of which are written on pieces of paper and many which have interesting and political names. I had the Pho Real sandwich because it seemed very recommended on Yelp and I very much enjoyed devouring it! It really did taste like Pho Soup, only within a hoagie roll! It contained a good quantiity of roast beef (I think Boar's Head), cilantro, bean sprouts, hoisin sauce, and a few other condiments and sauces... Delish! If it only had seating, it would get 5 stars!
Perfect hour lunch date: pick up a hot p.h.o. real sandwich at Sunny & Annie's, walk a block north to Tompkins, stake out a shady bench, and enjoy the messy, dense concoction. On your walk back to the office, stop in at one of the cafes for a drink to douse the sriracha and wash out the beef/hoisin taste.
Average looking bodega, yes. Average tasting sandwiches, NO! This place is a goldmine of taste bud gems! The group stopped by after a late night out and were pleasantly surprised to see the deli counter still open @ 3am on a Saturday night! Note: All of the ingredients were fresh and our warm sandwiches were made to order... none of that pre-assembled stuff here! I highly recommend the Pho real sandwich, it's yummy in my tummy.
now that the spring weather has finally kicked in, i'm starting to stray away from hot, soupy noodles and turning towards sandwiches that can be eaten in parks, so as to maximize fun time in the sun! i was intrigued by the reviews of the sandwiches at sunny and annie's, so decided to give it a try! from the outside, it's the most unassuming deli ever, looking exactly like any other deli down the block. from the inside, it still looks exactly like a deli, which fridges stocked full of sugary drinks and boxes upon boxes of processed foods. however, their sandwich counter is a WHOLE different story. i got the pho real sandwich and bbq chicken + kimchi sandwich to go. the pho real is FOR REAL. it's LEGIT. it is DELICIOUS. it is pure GENIOUSITY!! pho as a sandwich? whoda thunk it?!?! the sandwich is essentially, a bowl of pho. roast beef + bean sprouts + basil + onion + sriracha/hoisin sauce slapped between two slices of bread. all the goodness of pho, wrapped up in an easy, to-go package! just genius. the bbq chicken + kimchi hero was also delicious, as i love pretty much anything with kimchi in it, but paled in comparison to the awesomeness that was the pho real. i like my sandwiches saucy, with drops of sauce dripping out the sandwich and down your chin, carls junior commercial style. sunny and annie's sandwiches definitely fit the bill, and you best believe that i will be returning shortly to try some more sandwiches. recommended dish: pho REAL, son! pros: pho as a sandwich! cons: no sit-down space that allows for immediate consumption of the sandwich, so one must seek out a spot to eat, all the while being tempted by the delicious sandwich preciously hidden in the brown paper bag.
The 101 is where it's at.
Never been to a better deli.  Have been three times and each time my sandwich was better than the last.  Fair prices too.  New favorite.
OK.. so being Vietnamese, I had to come and try the Pho Real sandwich. Finally got a chance to and, holy crap, was I pleasantly surprised at how much the sandwich tasted like Pho! There's ton of roast beef and all the vegetables are really fresh. I got the sandwich cold but you can get it warm as well. Have since taken my sister there and her response was " my head says its Pho but my eyes tell me a sandwich. Its not right!" She loved it. definitely have gone back 3x before I've finally got a chance to write this review. I do plan on going back again.
Pho in sandwich form. Awesome. I want one now! Just sucks the location is little inconvenient to get to if you're not in LES area.
I've been there once so far. The pho sandwich was excellent. The rest of the menu had some pretty intriguing choices. I'll definitely be going back. I never would have known about this place if it wasn't for Yelp. It just looks like an average bodega.
Sandwich was tasting kind of iffy and I looked inside and the tomatoes were bad. Pulled em off and kept eating and it was alright.
Pho Real Sandwich was above par.  Pretty much an asian style arby's sandwich.  They are really heavy on the hoisin/cilantro sauce which gives it the "pho taste".  I like the avocado addition.  It great that this place is a bodega which means ill definitely be stopping by after-hours.
Best sandwich spot in the Lower East Side. I'm a regular at this place. Best part about this place is that you find everything you want from a deli store and they delivered.
The PHO REAL is addictive PFO SHO!!! I've never had so much cilantro in one place! Every bite is an explosion of FLAVA. It's all I eat. is there a twelve step program for this....or a self help group.....anything. it's a problem, seriously. And they deliver.....
New to the neighborhood & found out about this place from a review on Yelp. I searched for an online menu(there is not one, so stop looking & use the pics here on yelp to see what they offer). You can get almost anything you'd like but they only take cash so be prepared. They have an ATM in a cramped corner for your convenience. They also deliver, but I repeat IT'S CASH ONLY. You should also be prepared to barely understand what they are saying over the phone(sometimes). Great food for your money & it's open late, sometimes I feel like they are trying to rush you off the phone but no biggie.
Not the greatest place to eat, but one sandwich will probably last you two meals, and for $7-8 for a sandwich, you really can't beat that.
I feel like its a pretty good price and the sandwhich was good and pretty big. Cool place
My favorite deli, best sandwiches for amazing prices.
GREAT sandwich place. Tried the Mona Lisa, 1001, and 1003.  All were fresh and delicious. Around $6-7 per sandwich. Nice garden with seats and tables at 6th & B. cuz there's no where to eat in the deli/store.
If you're going to say this place makes "the best sandwiches I've had in my life", I really feel bad for you.  Honestly i think this place has taken a turn for the worst recently.  Sandwiches are unique (i guess?) but really not very good in terms of the quality of ingredients.  Also, the execution of said sandwiches is inconsistent at best.  Not worth your time unless your looking for a bodega-quality sandwich.  Being open 24 hours is the only great thing about this extremely mediocre bodega/deli.
dude. just had the pho #1 & kimchi bulgoki. there are no words to describe it, just go!! the kimchi bulgoki has so much flavor, the pho#1 is so inventive it's hard to believe it came out of just a regular NYC corner deli! I'M IN LOVE!!!!!! got the pho #1, kimchi bulgoki in a wrap and 1/2 lb of turkey all for $21.00. such a steal. just 3 words--- cheap, delicious & flavorful! possibly the best sandwich ever. this will be my go-to place! i wanna try them all!@!
A deli that actually takes pride in their sandwiches.  Go figure.  The best for 24 hour delivery.
I've read so many great reviews on the sandwiches at this gourmet deli. So, today, I decided to find out for myself. It's rainy and a little chilly... However, I walked 4 normal blocks and one grand avenue to get there. Very tiny as most have stated which was fine. I ordered the 2012 - Tuna, red onion, sundried tomato, cucumber, avocado, lettuce, and cilantro (yep, cilantro) on a wheat wrap. DELISH! The cilantro gives it a nice taste. I'll definitely be back. Most likely when the weather is much better. Oh, note that credit cards are accepted with a $10 minimum.
oh man.....the PHO REAL!!!! Sweet Jesus what a good sandwich!
i tried the pho real because it was really hyped up but it wasn't THAT great. i probably would have preferred it hot vs cold. but the real deliciousness was the biden... freaking tasty... Hunter said he probably would have preferred it not on a croissant because the butter sweetness almost discounts the savory part but it was still yummy!
best.sammys.ever
Best sanwiches ever! And its cheap!
the pho real is one of the best sandwiches i've ever had
Great and cheap sandwich place.  Generous with the helpings and always super fresh.
Walked over with the boyfriend to try their famous pho#1. I'm not a big fan of the cilantro and bean sprouts so I decided to order the east side ink. Boyfriend ordered the pho#1. The east side ink was basically a roast beef sandwich with melted cheese and bacon. Who could deny the tastiness of bacon. But sad to say, that was the only tasty part of the sandwich. It was also layered with jalapeño peppers which i had to take out cause it was just too much. The rest of the sandwich was just ehh. It was a pretty decent size sandwich though.  As for the pho#1, it was spicy. I mean yeah, it says that there would be some hot sauce in it and I could take a decent amount of spice but it felt like the guy who made it poured the whole freaking bottle of hot sauce initial. I also thought they would ask how spicy you would want it but I guess not. All I tasted was the hot sauce and the sweet sauce. I guess I could tell why they named it pho#1. You do get the bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, and the sauce from a pho and it was a pretty big sandwich. Yes the sandwich was different, yes it is a good portion, but will I order the same sandwiches? No I will not. I honestly didn't think they were anything special but will give this place another try.
had the "pho real" sandwich for the first time for lunch.  contemplating going back for dinner. delicious, try it for yourself.  the only down side is that it's sort of messy, but that's the only gripe i can think of.
We needed some sandwiches for our flight back and since we were close to here, we decided to check it out.  Didn't know that this place had such great reviews. Holy smack,  pho #1 taste like pho! It was sure tastey even though we ate the sandwich about few hours later.  I would definitely recommend this place!  Pho #2 wasn't bad, it was spicy though. I never had a sandwich like this before, very creative in the flavors. The cashier person was very sweet and friendly.
Arguably one of the best most innovative sandwiches/wraps I've ever had. I've gone back 3 times since my initial visit and can't get enough. The Pho #1 is everything a man can hope for. Pho...in a roll. I can't take spice so every time I have it, there's no sriracha but it's still amazing. It's literally like eating pho in a roll. The hoisin sauce makes up for the dryness and the meat and cilantro might has well have been taken right out of a bowl of pho. The Pho #2 is like eating a chicken spring roll but bigger and better. The green chili sauce is deadly for those like myself that can't take spice, so I always get it without it. Nothing a can of arizona can't fix. A huge plus is that it's CHEAP and super quick!
THIS IS THE BEST DELI SANDWICH IVE EVER HAD. I had the Pho 4, which hit the spot for salty spicy sriracha goodness, with chicken and avocado. Craving one right now... Too bad they don't deliver to West Harlem.
These people are very nice, seem like they love the neighborhood, their sandwiches are top notch, they cost abit more then other places, but it's worth it, tastes amazing, fresh always!
Pho Sandwich was exactly like eating Pho but in a sandwich form. The Siracha sauce was too spicy for me, but the balance of hoisin sauce and siracha was full of flavor and the addition of avocado was a plus!!!Given that it's 24 hours and has delivery, I will definitely be a frequent customer! Also reasonable cost of groceries - veggie sticks and fruit slices.
Wow, my yelp friends weren't kidding about this one! I actually drove up to it and drove on because it was so unassuming looking that I thought to myself shortly, this can't be it!  Thank God I went back!  Absolutely delicious sandwich, so fresh and tasty.  Try one you will be addicted!
the best bodega you could hope for! the sandwiches are amazing, staff friendly and snack stock on point! I make it a point to come here when I'm in the neighborhood.
pho 2 is my favorite sandwich ever! my husband always switches his up but I'm always loyal to the pho 2.
24hrs. Quick. Many sandwich options. Good service. Beer and more. What else do need from a corner deli/market? I got a Pho #1 hot and it was a very good sandwich. Tender roast beef, fresh herbs, delicious sauce, and creamy avocado + bean sprouts. Can't go wrong.
I used to come here all the time while blacked out.  I've been out the hood for 2 years now and finally revisited this place while visiting a nearby client.   The sandwiches are just as good sober as when I'm drunk.  Never would have guessed that.   Have repeated.
the only downside $10 credit card min. solid good neighborhood sammies. really creative combos. always can count on it being delish. best place to eat these sammies is in tompkin sq. park.
Strolled in thinking I was in a liquor store, strolled out with a bag full of PHO SANDWICHES. What?! Okay, so I may have been expecting a "ramen burger" type deal with this, but I was delightfully intrigued to see that it was just a sandwich.. No noodle buns, just bread! Upon examining the cross section, I thought they pulled a double-carb load and added pho noodles in the sandwich, but alas, my eyes deceived me.. It was just bean sprouts : ) You could probably imagine my surprise when I realized that it actually tasted like I was eating a bowl of pho. I definitely appreciate the originality/novelty of the pho sandwich..and the fact that I was burping up the taste of pho for HOURS after consuming it, ha...it's like magic. I wasn't a big fan of the avocado in the sandwich, but I guess it helped mellow out the strong flavors from the hoisin/sriracha/onion combo. It was a bit spicy, not messy, very flavorful, and quite filling.
Excellent place, so glad to live just a few blocks away. I admit that I was skeptical, from the outside this place looks like any other run-of-the-mill bodega. Inside, its different. The deli counter is covered with hand written signs detailing the many interesting gourmet sandwiches they make. I picked the Pho 1, which really did remind me of Pho, and was a great mix of spicy and sweet. Service was friendly, quick, and it only cost me $7 for the delicious and filling sandwich. One hint as well is that the Vazac's Horseshoe bar is just down the block. They have cheap beer and allow outside food, so it is a great spot to catch a game w/ a delicious sandwich. Enjoy this gem!
Decent place to grab a snack
As many before have said, this place is very deceiving from the outside. However, I'm working next store (construction) and decided to give it a shot. I had the Pho #1 as it seems to be their most popular choice based on other reviews. It was very good and I would recommend it.
How is this place so good? Not like the actual place, which is a tightly packed, difficult to navigate bodega, but rather the incredible variety, flavor, and value of the 6-9$ protein packed and delicious sandwiches? I usually get the Pho#2 which comes with basically 4 delicious proteins and has the size and ingredient count of 2 sandwiches, but explore the many great and intermediately politically based options.
Great selection of sandwiches to choose from, including your basics and more adventurous sandwiches.  Staff was very friendly to me, and it was nice carrying the sandwich right over the park.   My order was a little aggressive for something I would usually get, but I am excited to go back again
These people are awesome! The sandwiches are HUMONGOUS, effing delicious, and the people couldn't be nicer. I bought $8 and only had a card, and they were nice enough to charge the card anyway and give me my change via cash. I totally wouldn't expect that all the time, but really appreciated the gesture. Delivery is fast, sandwiches come hot, and it's just a great experience all around. Yes, the PHO sandwich is amazing. I've also tried the Bush, which is extremely inspired for a deli and delicious. Highly recommend!
Sandwiches are incredible. A hidden gem that's worth the visit if you're in Alphabet City.
So as far as Wraps & Sandwiches go, this place is at the top for me (so far) Just really great flavorful ingredients and inventive combinations I've had at least 8 different W' & S'......All Good
Brilliant! I would have never thought of making a sandwich with all of the pho components.  They did, and that's why they get five stars in my review. I had the:  #1 Pho Real sandwich, and the #2 Pho Chicken sandwich. Both were incredibly well executed.  It was simple, no real secret ingredient or anything, just good ingredients.  They use Boar's Head meat and give you plenty of it.  The sandwich comes out very hearty and incredibly delicious. I would describe it as a "bowl of pho, but in a sandwich".  Because it is nothing other than that.   Environment - Basic, I would have never walts upon this place without a recommendation.  It's your ordinary corner deli. Price - Inexpensive.  I think it was $7-8 for a sandwich that could feed 2 people.
Hidden treasure!! Luckily got some NYC friends to show us the spots. Ordered the "pho sandwich" and damn it tasted like pho!! It also had a great spicy kick to it. Def be coming back here when visiting NYC.
I used to live in the East Village in the mid 2000s, Sunny & Annie's at the time was reviewed by NYmag and called one of the best cheap eats in the city. I was confused when I first read this review as Sunny & Annie's looks like your average NYC bodega/deli, nothing that screams top bang for you buck meal in NYC. But looks can be deceiving, and I was shortly discovered - I was in-love. I grew up in the NYC area, and I can confidently say that I am a true foodie. Since my first Sunny & Annie's Sandwich back in 2004 and even till today, 10 years later, I can easily say there is no better bang for your buck sandwich place in all of New York City. I sometimes travel miles to grab a quick bite. Sunny & Annie's should get a Michelin star rating - it is that good. My favorite? The Bush Sandwich (named after W himself). Friends and I have nominated the Bush sandwich as a worthy nominee for a last meal. It is that good. For $6.99 you will get a meal that rivals a meal at a 4-star restaurant. Laugh at me all you want, I am not lying. All hail Sunny & Annie's.
Stopped by for some late night grub, since I was across the street. Decided to go with their WH 001 (or something like that)  - hot sandwich with roast beef, onions, cilantro, avocado, with some sriracha and hoisin sauce. OMFG. It was a messy eat  but possibly one of the tastiest sandwiches I've had in my life. Ladies and gents  - if you can handle a bit of a spicy kick, this may become your new go-to sandwich.
I give them props for having something as creative as the pho sandwich, and yes, they do make some mighty delicious deli sammies. Objectively this place is a great deli and serves its local residents very well. I had the P.H.O Real sandwich - it has roast beef, bean sprouts, basil, cilantro, avocado, tomato, onion, hoisin, and siracha, piping hot and on a soft roll. I first thought the avocado may be out of place, but it actually made the sandwich taste more satisfying and filling. However, when it comes down it, it's a roast beef sandwich. Why couldn't they have used brisket or an actual protein used in pho? Maybe add some fish sauce? For those who do not use hoisin or siracha with their pho, I wonder if this sandwich will still taste like a pho sandwich. It has all the necessary elements to call itself its namesake, but it's not something worth a special trip out to Alphabet City for, in my opinion. But, they ARE open 24hours a day - great drunk munchie place!
This hole in the wall came recommended by a friend. Definitely worth stopping by for. I tried the Pho #1 sandwich. It's a little messy to eat, so make sure you have a good surface to eat over and napkins on stand by. It comes with roast beef as the main protein, and the typical veggies on the side and sauces for pho, such as bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, thinly sliced onions, hoisin sauce and sriracha. Pretty yums. They have all sorts of other creative sandwiches too, and most look really good. If I lived in the area, I'd want to try them all. And most of the sandwiches were between $7-9, I believe. Not a bad deal.
The sandwiches are huge and freshly prepared no matter what time of day. We live in the area and will be back for our sandwich cravings. Super fun, creative sandwiches to choose from that when I go I change my mind a few times before ordering!
Thank god this place serves Pho Real 24/7. Delicious deli sandwiches in Alphabet city. Very quick and served fresh! Recommended drunchie food. PHO # 1 (PHO-REAL) $7 . Spicy and with all the necessary ingredients of a Vietnamese style Sandwich. So much flavor and sensations!
This deli has the most bang'n pho sandwich I ever had...extremely flavorful and just makes me crave for it again writing this review. I had the pho 1 and 2 before..can't go wrong with either one. If you re a beef type go 1 and if chicken go 2. Your expectations for it won't be disappointed. I even seen a drunk lady coming here late at night to grab a sandwich..even they know what's good..lol.
Is this pho real? Where else can you eat the Presidents? Hi Yes, I would like the Obama Please... *Spits Out" Give me the Bush I said,  I'm a Vegetarian Godman' -I hate it when the sprouts get caught in my teeth! Anyways this place is a deli, its not fancy (its a deli) I find it inexpensive and good value.. 10009 represent
Came all the way here to try their infamous Pho Real sandwich - amazing! Although not even close to the exact, it does comes close in terms of the flavoring that you would usually get in a pho.  I ate slowly to try to absorb all the mixtures of flavor. This is a must try! I saw a lot of foot traffic coming in and out ordering different kinds of sandwiches, which makes me believe that all of their sandwiches are above par. The deli is small and if you don't pay attention you probably will walk past it without realizing like we did. The wait is about 7 mins per customer, but definitely worth the wait! It is a little pricey, but you don't get to eat this kind of flavorful concoctions everyday.
This is an awesome custom sandwich shop squeezed very, very tightly into a standard-looking, narrow-isled bodega. There are soooo many (too many?) creative and eclectic sandwich options available, and they're cheap, good quality and made fast. We rubbed shoulders with the parade of hungry drunks at 3 a.m. to order the Joe Biden and the Pho #1 (cold) for $7 each. Both sandwiches were tasty, fresh and had character. Plus, its open 24 hours!
So I bookmarked this deli on Yelp months ago, and just realized that it's the same deli I've been passing on the way to work for the past 5 months. Anyway, I went after work today for a late lunch and ordered The Ali. IT. WAS. FANTASTIC. Maybe it's cause I have this inexplicable love for bulgogi and avocado on a hero roll? I don't know. Nevertheless, I don't expect getting a sandwich this big and this cheap anywhere else. Of course there are several other options to choose from, with a variety of different combinations. Most of the prices range from $6-9 I have yet to try their Pho Real Sandwich, but as of right now, I'm totally won over.
Never gets my order wrong, no matter what. Always has the essentials. Also the best sandwich artists in the neighborhood. Standard deli coffee. Reasonable prices. Ice cream front and center. Chicken noodle soup for when you have a cold. Feels like a labyrinth. Sometimes you get trapped inside (no joke). I would be dead if not for this deli.
This little deli has been a godsend. Having broken my ankle and lost the ability to get around for a bit.. I rely on delivery. Of everything. Groceries and produce here are reasonably priced and the delivery time is as fast as it gets. Friendly cashier people. Always patient and available to answer questions. The beef pho sandwich- mouth watering. Seriously. Get it spicy. Love this little neighborhood gem! They make my life easier...
OMG. Pho Sandwich! What a game changer! Highly highly recommended!
One of my favorite sandwich places Love their Pho #1 (formerly PHO real) - roast beef was amazing! I've also tried their: Ali - too spicy Mr Bloomburger - this was good, a tad messy kim chee bulgogi - good, tady spicy and messy You can't go wrong here, everything is so fresh!
This deli that is located 2 blocks away from my apartment probably sells the best sandwiches. Their sandwiches are different from the other delis. I have tried their pho sandwich. It was delicious. The roast beef, avocado, tomato, cilantro, basil with hoisin sauce and sirarcha was well crafted.
LOCAL DELI that i would ACTUALLY frequent, since they seem to have fresh ingredients!! (unlike other delis where you KNOW the cheese has not been touched in ages) my boyfriend called in the order, but they seemed to have no record of it when he walked in for pick up, NO MATTER they were able to whip one up real quick ---PHO REAL sandwich: Good flavors w/ the SPICY (i needed milk afterwards) sauce & fresh veggies HOWEVER the thinly sliced beef was pretty bland... next time i think i'd ask for a different type of meat.. maybe chicken? i'm not in a hurry but I'm willing to give their other crazy named sandwiches a try! open LATE & delivery is available
This place is great. I've come here many a night after drinking to fuel up on something tasty, but I never could remember the name. My favorite sandwich is the Obama. I remember it has chicken, mushrooms, onions, and other delicious vegetables. It's so good, and the place is open 24/7.
This place is great. I've come here many a night after drinking to fuel up on something tasty, but I never could remember the name. My favorite sandwich is the Obama. I remember it has chicken, mushrooms, onions, and other delicious vegetables. It's so good, and the place is open 24/7.
5 stars for a bottega!  Great neighborhood find. They have the best sandwiches and deli I have found in the city.  They are friendly and quick.  The sandwiches and bagels have been better than I expected each time I've gone.  It is something I wake up craving on a lazy weekend morning. Also, their lentil soup is delish.  Perfect for a quick dinner when there's not a lot of time.
Such innovative sandwiches! They got Pho #1, Pho #2, Bush, John "Carry", Obama, you name it! I was skeptical looking at the store front, but all the sandwiches pack hella punch of flavor and very fresh ingredients. I personally love the Pho #1, never knew bean sprouts could work so well in a sandwich before! Great bargain, minimal wait time. Wish they were close to work--would be a no-brainer lunch option! Also, not a badly stocked bodega either, they've even got Justin's nut butters
HUGE sandwich menu, open 24 hours, and cheap prices? WHATS NOT TO LIKE? I was overwhelmed by the bright lights and extensive menu when stumbling into this place in the wee hours of the night. Not to mention the drunkards roaming around the tiny store. Got the pho sandwich (now they have a pho #1 and a pho #2 (see photo)), and it didn't disappoint. Whoever created that sandwich perfectly transformed a hot steaming bowl of pho into sandwich form. Quite impressive, really. Anyway, you can call in your order beforehand so you dont have to wait in the store, fearfully monitoring any signs of impending projectile vomiting from a drunkie.
Pho sandwich is quite bomb. Basically everything you find in a bowl of pho but transformed into sandwich form (plus avocado and tomatoes). Quaint little deli. Delicious sandwiches. Affordable price.
The four star rating is simply for the PHO #1 sandwich.  Get it and you'll love it.   A bit out of the way but I'm still thinking about this sandwich.  My friend took a bite and simply said 'I love NYC and it's amazing food' (enough said!) I would go back to get that sandwich although it is really out of the way and far from a subway.
Best deli in Alphabet City. This little gem has a great selection of sandwiches and wraps.  Creative combinations with fun names. They give wonderfully generous portions with their fresh ingredients.   Really good value and open 24 hours.
This place was a great late night discovery thanks to my Yelp app. We were on a drinking and eating binge that started with Luzzo's, followed by Mono Mono chicken and ended with Sunny and Annie's.  They are open 24/7 and now these deli sandwiches are now firmly on my late night radar. We got the Pho#1. As you can see from the reviews, almost every Asian person reviewing this place are talking about the Pho sandwich. Makes sense - the owners are Asian and they knew what they were doing with this sandwich. The pho #1 has sliced roast beef, bean sprouts, basil, onion, cilantro, avocado, tomato, hoisin sauce and sriracha - all  craftily held together by a roll. It does have a pho like taste to it and it's good. I added more sriracha to the sandwich once I got home and that made it even better. Pho Sandwich? Pho Real? Pho Sure!
Pho sandwhich was awesome. Great bun, plenty of roast beef, loads of fresh herbs and sprouts with a kick of sriracha. Fantastic concept. We'll executed.  No place to sit and eat but luckily the bad ass dive bar on the corner allows outside food. 20+ handles and bartender with tude! Love the neighborhood.
On the outside, this place looks like an ordinary deli/bodega, but inside is where the magic is. They have quite the sandwich selection, and the one of particular interest when I went to visit was the Pho Sandwich (#1 for further clarification, since they seemed to have another one). I enjoyed it for the novelty of it, but a few minor gripes. It's pretty messy, the roast beef isn't all that flavorful, and the sriracha sauce is so overpowering. Still though, I scarfed down the sandwich and was not disappointed. If I lived around the area, I'd frequent this place often just to try out the many different sandwich offerings.
Sunny and Annie's is simply the benchmark for a NYC corner deli. It's small. It's quaint. It's a bit claustrophobic. Buy hey - the make THE BEST sandwiches I've ever eaten in my life. Now I love sandwiches. More frequently than not, I'm craving a nosh-worthy sandwich. And when those cravings come, I head straight for Sunny and Annie's. Generally I stick to one of the following three: 1. The Louis - incredible and heartwarming. This is the perfect for hangovers or a cold day. 2. Kimchi Bulgogi - just incredible. Like the kimchi is delicious and the roast beef is delicious. Everything is delicious. 3. Pho #1. Wow - this is unique. But, clearly, it's delicious. Like a bowl of Pho between two pieces of bread. Honestly, if you live in the East Village go to Sunny and Annies. It's probably impossible to find anywhere more...delicious.
I just saw a guy drop an unidentified object into the split pea soup. He glanced around to see if anyone noticed; when he saw me, I just shrugged, because I didn't know how else to react.* So don't get that soup for the next couple days. Good sandwiches though. ________ *If you would've told the counterlady, you need to stop snitching.
There are drunken munchies and then there are drunken munchies. I'm not just saying that to sound cryptic, or mystical, or like a Scientology paper. Don't judge me. What I'm trying to get across to you is that when you're blitzed, you have options. And they have to be given serious thought. Por ejemplo, if you decide to slay your hunger by eating a "Bomb" sandwich from Sal, Kris and Charlie's, the only thing I'm going to do for you is likely to be getting you a Get Well Soon card and a gift certificate for plumbing services. Sometimes you need something of quality. Something choice. Something to make you (probably) remember the night forever. And that's where the Pho sandwich comes in. Oh, sure, pho is a soup. Of course it can't be converted to something that lives on bread! But it can. And it's marvelous. And while it may be the only thing that I remember from that night, it was good enough that I haven't even begun to question why I woke up missing $134 and had bruises on my legs.
S&A are the sandwich masters, and I'm proud (and ashamed) to say that i've tried almost every single sandwich on their menu.  Each have their distinct flavor profiles, and more importantly, situational relevance. For example: Turkey club - A hero of fresh sliced Boars Head turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, mayo, etc.  This selection is perfect for the insatiable diner, due to its massive portions.  I would save this monstrosity for a post-workout protein fix. Mona Lisa - A breaded chicken cutlet, tomato, basil and a thick slice of mozzarella cheese.  Huge on flavor, but not super filling, this is nice for a mid-afternoon snack, or a light lunch. Pho Real - My mainstay 'wich.  Thick layers of roast beef, and a complex assortment of fixings including avocado, basil, hoisin, sriracha and sprouts on a roll.  This was my go to sammidge if I was too lazy to pop down to Nicky's for a proper bahn mi. Turkey Burger - A roll heaped with a warm turkey patty lettuce, tomato, swiss cheese, avocado and onions.  Thick, warm, and hearty, this is perfect hangover food combined with a gatorade and a fistful of Advil. Fresh chicken burrito - A warm wheat tortilla stuffed with grilled chicken breast, tomato, carrots, lettuce, cucumbers, avocado, etc.  The sheer amount of fresh vegetables and fiber would always make me feel better about myself after nightlong bender of vodka and whiskey, chased with a greasy slice of pizza at 4am in the morning. I could go on and on about their sandwiches in detail, but i'm getting misty eyed doing so.  I moved away from the area a little while back, and I still crave them like a crack addict.
pho in a sandwich!!!!!! sooooo gooooood and so big! and so cheap! and so goood! tastes just like pho but in a sandwich!!!! with avocados!!!this thing is amazing and availablr anytime of the day!!! 24/7!!!
This place packs a Alphabet City punch.  Loaded with fresh sandwich ingredients and bang-for-your-greenback value, I don't think any sandwich here can disappoint. Okay okay, so I only tried two of their sandwiches. So what? When you enter a place, order a few things, and are supremely satisfied with what you have been given, I think it's ok to follow your emotions and deem a place worthy of four-star praise. My girlfriend and I ordered the roast beef kimchi hero and one of the chicken-based presidential sandwiches.  The latter was great and the former was good but the kimchi tasted a bit overripe.  Typically that kind of kimchi needs to be put in a stew (kimchi jjigae) or fried (kimchi bokum), but definitely not in a sandwich.  It's a good try though.  What can I say, I haven't come across many delicatessens that take a stab at including kimchi into their lineup. I would come again just to try their other sandwiches as everything sounded really intriguing.  The only downside is that they don't take credit.  Even if it's good.
When my friend first told me about these sandwiches that tasted like pho... I didn't think it was pho-real HA HA HA sorry ok so on a serious note... The pho sandwich is absolutely incredible!  I don't know if its the hoison sauce, siracha, or the flavor of the pho soup that is infused with the meat inside... but the sandwich really does taste like pho!  At first, I found it a little odd to find avocado in a pho sandwich, but when I ate the sandwich, it all made sense. I definitely want to try this sandwich again.
When I lived on Orchard and never left Manitoba's bar until at least 4am I would stumble down Ave B with various sandwiches from Sunny and Annie's Deli, the lettuce trailing behind me as I walked and chowed!  I love anything with coleslaw and bacon or russian dressing. There are TONS of varieties of sandwich. I prefer the "sub" to the "roll".   BEST Deli Sandwich and BEST 24 hour DRUNK NOSH! I can't be responsible for you waking up covered in mustard and crumbs!
A sandwich shop in NY that doesn't have the chicken fajita panini, or any or those crap pre-made shit sandwiches at all of the other delis. Pho sandwich is so legit. I ate with amazement how it actually tasted like Pho. Rare roast beef with sprouts, onion, cilantro, avocado, hoisin and sriracha. The should give a small bowl of pho broth and it could a "Vietnamese Dip" Curry chicken w/ Seafood salad was delicious as well. All the ingredients were fresh. Nothing was wilted or browning. Meats were fresh and tasty. Delivery too!! I will probably be eating this everyday for the next month.
Delicious special deli sandwiches 24 hours a day 7 days a week in LES! In the day time buy the sandwich and walk over to Thompson Square part for a more comfortable meal. After mid-night you'll just have to hang out with all the other drunks on the sidewalk and eat from a bag. We had the PHO #1 (PHO-Real) mild-heat $6.99/change to hero (add $1.50)- spicy, delicious, fresh, and satisfying. Rated: messy goodness, 4/5.
This place has single-handedly reestablished the sandwich as a key part of my late night food rotation. Their sandwiches don't taste like sandwiches. They just don't. They taste like full-on meals from a restaurant. Flavors and sensations your palate thought were long-lost, reappear at 3AM via a kaiser roll... I'd make a recommendation but their menu is so long there's no way you don't find something on there that you like! They have breakfast food, asian food, stuff named after presidents...fellow Yelper, I trust that you won't screw this up. DEPENDABLE, YUMMY, INVENTIVE SANDWICHES, 24/7....STOP WASTING YOUR TIME ON YELP AND GO!!!
I can't believe I never got around to reviewing this place.  This was my go-to place for anytime I wanted a quality sandwich.  Its a small, unassuming, deli that looks like the thousands of others in this city.  Except, this one is legit.  Meaning, this one has a large variety of delicious sandwiches.  I've been here half a dozen times, and never left disappointed.  Well... maybe once, but I think that's because it was my third day in a row of sandwich and I was getting a little bored.  The point is, this place is great.  And the price is awesome.  For $6-$7, you get a HUGE sandwich with the works.   Also, peter d.'s review is hilarious!
I love LOVE love and miss Sunny and Annie's. I use to live down the street and visited daily. Then a couple of days ago I was walking by and stopped in and had a sandwich, pure yummyness. If you love sandwiches, 24 clean deli's, and good prices visit here!
Fast, convenient. Good selection. Owners/staff are cool. Good sandwiches, efficient delivery. Recommended!
This is my all time favorite deli in the village. The Sandwiches are creative, sometimes exotic, inventions that are undeniably delicious. My personal preference is the 'Avocado' - a spectacular option for veggie people. As with every sandwich at Sunny & Annie's, it comes loaded with all the trimmings, (with the magic ingredient being cilantro in this case!)  stuffed onto a massive hero. The delivery is speedy (I've never had to wait longer than 30mins and I order from here at least once a week). It's worth venturing into this joint though, you'll discover all sorts of unexpected treats, and the prices are unbeatable.
OK, I confess... I'm there 4 days a week! Great value, generous portions with super fresh ingredients... I'm addicted to the kimchi hero with barbecue chicken and the pho real sandwich. This is a 24/7 deli with a very efficient sandwich counter and yes, they deliver groceries too! p.s. Now that you know that I go there very often, please don't stalk me.
PHO REAL. Do it. The bbq chicken kimchi is pretty good too, but not the same level of flavor explosion in your mouth. One star docked b/c of quality control. I don't know if it was just my experience but when the sandwiches are surprisingly better when you get them delivery as opposed to ordering in-store. Not what you would expect, but I'm definitely sticking with delivery in the future. There is a $10 minimum, but just grab a friend or get 2 sandwiches and eat one later.
I can't a believe a tiny little deli store in the east village has a really really really good sandwich. Thanks to Lisa D., my boyfriend and I after a late night of drinking in the east village, stopped by Sunny and Annie's which is a tiny little deli store that looks like a mini bodega. I can't begin to tell you how tiny this place is. I would have never thought this nondescript bodega on the corner has something awesome to try if it wasn't for Lisa D. It looks like any other bodega/deli/corner store. My boyfriend and I shared the Pho #1 on a hero. WOW. I don't know who Sunny and Annie is but, MAN, they are artists for reinterpreting the Vietnamese bowl of pho. Their sandwich, called Pho #1 is like a deconstructed pho in a sandwich. AWESOME. The sandwich had roast beef, bean sprouts, basil, onion, cilantro, avocado, tomato, hoisin sauce that is mixed with some Sriracha and can be served cold or hot...I had it cold and it was AWESOME! Please try!
What is it about this place's sandwiches? They have a New York Magazine article about them posted in the store that posits this unassuming bodega must put something in the sandwiches to make them addictive. I'm inclined to agree. It may be that I live such a short walk from them, but they really know how to put a sandwich together. Of course, you can get it however you want, but their unique sandwich ideas are almost uniformly great. The Mona Lisa (chicken cutlet, roasted red peppers, watercress, mozzarella, and balsamic vinegar), East Side Ink (melted roast beef and swiss with bacon, lettuce, tomato, hot peppers, and your choice of mayo or mustard), and their signature P.H.O. Real (roast beef, sprouts, cilantro, tomato, onion, hoisin and sriracha sauces) are among my favorites. Quality occasionally varies depending on who makes your sandwich, and they don't always have the Nantucket Nectars Half & Half that I want, but they're reasonably priced, open 24 hours, and I think Annie knows me now. Now I think I'm in the mood for a Joe-Bama...
I Support Twenty-four Hour sandwich Joints but meh size and overspiced pho real.
I don't mean to be the voice of dissent, especially considering I frequent Sunny and Annie's every single day, sometimes twice a day (coffee + drunken snack). But every single time I've gotten a bagel or a sandwich, I have been disappointed. Every. Single. Time. So disappointed, that I refuse to get sandwiches from them anymore. I can get more flavor at home with a slice of bread and a smear of peanut butter. Other than that, coffee is good for bodega coffee, and it's cheap. Selection of chips, drinks, random foods, and "oops, just ran out of toilet paper/detergent/batteries/dog-food" is great. Prices are what you'd expect. Damn good bodega, but overhyped sammys.
Mmmmm, love that Kimchi sandwich!   Small little deli owned by Koreans who have a great selection of sandwiches created by the owners as well as outsiders hoping to post their recipe on the make-shift menu board at the deli.  There's a site dedicated to the deli, where if you have a great recipe idea, they'll use along their other popular sandwiches.   Talked to the owner and she was very generous and gracious to me...but then again I'm Korean so I got the "VIP" treatment. If I'm in the mood for Kimchi, I'm heading here.
Cannot beat their $7 specialty sandwiches. I am lucky enough to live on the same block as this minute bodega/deli. When you go in most of the clientele have, well, bloodshot eyes. You can hear similar people giving their orders for delivery on the phone: "OK, one pack of funions, one thing of Ben and Jerry's Boston Cream Pie ice cream, two bottles of water, sour patch kids..." Anyways, the sandwiches are packed with delicious meats and fresh, creative ingredients. Household favorites include the 1001, Pho Real, and East Side Ink (named after the tattoo parlor across the street). Open all night. Bottomline:  Sunny and Annie's have the best sandwiches in town y'all--they are just the bee's knees, ya know?
PHO SANDWICH!!!!! Seriously, when my friend (who is Vietnamese, mind you) told me about it, I was VERY skeptical. Uhm okay, you lead me to a bodega where there's a sandwich that tastes like....pho? no comprende. But, had a bite and my brain was extremely confused. I was eating a sandwich that tasted EXACTLY like a wonderful bowl of pho. Cue texting multiple people about the wonders of a pho sandwich. It's THAT good.
Oh, Sunny and Annie's.  Good times.  I would say the best thing about this place is its convenience -- you can pop in for a Red Bull and hit the ATM when you are on your way out for a good night, and you can call them the next morning hungover and ask them to deliver pretty much anything.   Their biggest business comes from their sandwich bar, which is -- as other reviewers have pointed out -- open 24 hours, really yummy and a great value for your money.  It's a wonderful thing to walk into a convenience store and walk out with an awesome sandwich.  The ingredients in Sunny and Annie's sandwiches are always fresh and they really pile them up high.  They make all the standard deli sandwiches but if you really don't know what to get, they have this hilarious menu of "house" specialty sandwiches named after political figures like "Mr. Bloomburga" and "The Obama" that are all pretty good. You can call Sunny & Annie's any time of the day or night and order any sandwich you can think of as well as other random household items.  Recently I ordered a swiss cheese sandwich with tomato and avocado, a coffee, a bag of Stacy's Pita Chips and a container of Sabra hummus, and they delivered. My only complaint about Sunny and Annie's is the inconsistency of their grocery items.  Sometimes, if you come in for some Tofu Dogs or a container of Fage yogurt, you need to check to see if they're expired.  Sunny and Annie's does not always check!  So when they deliver, check your grocery items to see if any are expired before the delivery guy walks away.  Other than that minor hazard though, Sunny and Annie's is a great little store and their convenience and selection cannot be beat compared to other small stores in the neighborhood.
The heck are Pho Sandwiches? My buddy's cousin labeled these as his favorite sandwiches in NYC.  Sunny and Annie's is a food mart that has a small deli inside.  That's where you can obtain these Pho Sandwiches.  What they are is a sandwich with pretty much has everything you would find inside pho, besides the noodles and broth.  Roast beef with bean sprouts, mint, vegetables, hoisin, siriacha, and etc. It was interesting how a sandwich could taste exactly like pho.  I could see this being pretty trendy if brought back to Texas... which gives me an idea....
I've only tried the P.H.O. real sandwich here, but honestly I love this sandwich so much there's no reason to try anything else.  The sandwich is HUGE and full of meat and fresh vegetables.  It's like you're eating the better half of the food pyramid. You can get it both hot or cold, but personally I like it better hot. They also have FAST free delivery (including today on Christmas Eve).
Found this spot on Yelp this afternoon as I was looking for a good sandwich spot.  Read all the reviews which ranged from pretty positive to stellar.  The PHO Real got a lot of good reviews so I went over there and got one.  It was DELICIOUS. It also gave me food poisoning and have been violently ill for the past 10 hours. I ordered it hot and it appeared fully cooked, so either the veggies were bad or homeboy didnt wash his hands.  Either way, I'm ending this review right here so I can go throw up again.
I'm not sure if I can write an honest review of Sunny and Annie's because I've never been here when I wasn't completely hammered - but I'm going to try anyway... The pho #1 is the sandwich to get. I'm sure the others are good too, but none are this unique. It tastes just like a bowl of ph! OK, maybe not exactly, but it's damn close. It comes with a healthy amount of sriracha so if you're sensitive to heat make sure to ask them to take it easy with it. I love my spicy food and the standard amount is enough to melt my lips off, which I rather enjoy, but you might not.
Dear Sunny and Annie's, Wow, I'm alone in bed right now, but thanks for just giving me the best 3:45 AM sandwichgasm ever with your hearty, value-packed "Mona Lisa" consisting of a chicken cutlet(s), mozzarella cheese, basil and roasted peppers! As the governor of California once said, "I'll be back!" Cheers!
Split a turkey avocado club from S & A's last night and loved it. Piles of turkey and bacon, soft and tasty bread, generous helping of avocado, fresh lettuce and tomato. Also looked like there were a ton of creative sandwich options on the menu, and the two soup choices both looked appetizing. Definitely a place to swing by to get an above average sandwich to go when you're looking to eat dinner on your couch or a bench somewhere - it's a small convenience store/deli with hardly enough room to stand while waiting for your sandwich. Only tiny suggestion is that it seems they could make the sandwiches a little bit faster. It wasn't crowded, but the sandwich took longer than expected.
I love Sunny and Annie's and have probably had ~2 meals per week here (including late night pizza bagels) for the better part of the last year and a half. The sandwiches are amazing (fresh, creative), and the soups surprisingly good. The Pho Real is a show stopper for first timers (and well-deserved) but some of the others are also fantastic (mona lisa, joe bama, sunny breakfast, and the 10,000 that my roomie likes best). The only criticism I have is that the pickles are just terrible. For a place that prides itself in great ingredients, it just doesn't make sense and saddens me deeply. I've talked to the friendly owners about this and they're up for getting a new supplier, I just have to find one. Anyone know a good pickle guy?
I don't think Sunny or Annie actually run this deli. Has anyone actually met them? Nope, didn't think so. You know who I think actually runs this place? An evil mad scientist or another. How else do you explain the crazy combinations? Think about it. Couldn't you imagine some crazy evil scientist, preferable Dr. Horrible, hungover, hungry and tired of Subway. So instead of his usual ham and cheese sandwich, he decides to put his favorite hangover cure, pho, in a sandwich. Oh yes, you heard it right, he put the PHO IN THE SANDWICH. Unspeakable. He even decides to add hoisin and Sriracha just to prove his madness, of course. The sandwich turns out pretty good, incredible even. So he decides to abandon his plans of world domination and decides to sell some sandwich and profit. Or maybe it's some crazed alchemist who's been trying to bring back his dead mom, like an Edward Elric. His transmutations haven't been working recently, like he lost an arm or something.  He's considered an alchemy genius and he's hungry so he draws some transfiguration circle, puts some kimchee, bulgogi, and bread together and gives you a full Korean mean in a wrap. Or maybe it's just two honest to goodness proprietors that are extremely creative, working out a modest corner deli, delivering cheap and inventive sandwiches to the general masses.
Great sandwiches, 2011 and 2012 with Tofu added, DELICIOUS! Tuesdays their cream of Broccoli soup is scrumptious! Their staff is ALWAYS so nice and helpful. This place is great for anytime 24/7
My PHO-Real #1 was everything I expected and more...cheap, filling, and a WTF in your mouth. Tastes like pho, smells like pho, but where's the broth? Oh it's a sandwich.  What a complete mindf*ck...it's glorious!
I came for the pho real sandwich (good but not great) but i keep coming back for the other creative gourmet sandwiches they have. i've had the obama, bloomberger in a wrap and the biden. all of them amazing - good portions and not expensive. note: was not drunk when eating these sandwiches. if it was closer to me, i would know the people by name.
What a freaking gem, those sandwiches are awesome, deliver late and decent prices. The john kerry and the Bush are my favs
It is UHMAZING! I've already told countless people about Sunny & Annie's "Pho Real" sandwich since consuming it on Thursday. The night was preceded by drinks @ Death & Company & the sandwich was the cherry on top. I woke up the next day & immediately remembered the sandwich amongst my hazy recollection of the whole night. It's a sandwich, that by sheer creative genius, tastes just like a bowl of pho. A GOOD bowl of pho, not the overpriced artsy fartsy versions @ certain establisments (Baoguette, Pho 32). It tastes like pho my mom made on Sundays, so warm & homey. It is definitely on my return list for sure but will definitely request light sirachi. The 1st bite lit my tongue on fire.
Above average bodega known for it's deli sandwiches. Had the "Pho real", good stuff but wouldn't travel here specifically for a sandwich, the same way I make pilgrimages to Parisi's on days off. Since it's close to my pad I'll pop in when I'm too lazy to cook. Beware of the Thompkins Sq riff-raff coming in for 40's & blunts and getting all saucey when you won't give them your change.
Guess what?  Another glowing review of Sunny and Annies, the absolute GREATEST sandwich place in the Alphabet.  Best part? It's not just a deli, it is also a mini grocery store.  Sure, the assortment of treats and staples are oddly assembled and the aisles can barely allow a man of my stature, but the curiously disguised deli counter makes it all worth while.   My favorite hero?  The Pho Real.  Yes, everyone else says the same thing.  Does that make me a follower or does it verify it's deliciousness? Roast Beef.  Bean Sprouts.  CILANTRO (yes!).  Avocado.  Tomato. Lettuce.  HOISIN/SIRACHA sauce.  Add a dose of friendly faced CASH ONLY service, throw in a B&J HalfBaked froyo, and merrily saunter home.  Repeat once a few times a month. Anyone who has followed my direction to 6th and Ave B for a deconstructed bowl of Pho reconstructed in a sandwich has thanked me.  After you try one for yourself, you will too ;)
This place is my jam! It doesn't look like much, but trust me.  They can make a solid sando.  They've got a wide selection of amazing sandwiches- adding ingredients that i would never think of putting on a sandwich.  They also made ny mag's top 101 sandwiches in nyc (the p.h.o. real) from one sandwich guru to another- do stop by this friendly little bodega. also 3am pizza bagels, are the perfect hangover cure.
Went for late night meal after a party, one of the best food decisions ever! So many sandwiches to choose from!! and with very interesting political figure names, very filling and delicious! I got the Bush sandwich.... sounds awful but it was SO GOOD! they are not shy on putting on lots of avocados. everything's made in front of you and very fresh. Cash only, which it kind of annoying... but totally worth it!
My only complaints are that the ATM is like buried in some weird corner, and they always run out of Ruffles ranch dip. Those flaws considered, this is easily the best Deli in ABC City. You get 2 pickles with one sandwich! Yeah!!
No Frills, fast, QUALITY food! Simple and Delicious place to pick-up food or have delivered... Not a place if you're looking for a place to sit, relax, and eat. It is a simple sandwich bar located in a corner grocery store. If you are looking for something on the go, don't feel like cooking, but want something fast, good, and affordable this is the spot! I had the pleasure of enjoying their sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich this am, and I frequently crave a mona lisa for lunch! I've only lived in NY for 11 days, and I've already gone back at least 4 times! As other yelpers mentioned, there is not a menu avail online, so view the dry-n-erase boards in photos, pretty funny, worthy of a look.. even if you're not interested in ordering food :) Good Stuff :0)
Pho sandwich is genius.  This place has become my new drunk food spot when im hanging out in alphabet city! Pho number 1 is definitely a must try.  I also tried the pho#2 which is chicken and tofu on a hero.  It was good but pho #1 is much better.
The Pho Real has won over my heart. $7 gets you a sandwich that may last you two meals if you're a light eater. I went back and gave the Bulgogi & Kimchi wrap a try but was pretty disappointed. Guess some sandwichs on the menu are legendary and others are just meh. Any trip to NY without a bite from this place would be a sin in my book.
These sandwiches are incredible. I have ordered and loved: Biden East Side Ink Pho #1 Ali You can ask them to customize certain aspects of the sandwich within reason. Card minimum was $10 I think.
I've always been a fan of their East Side Ink sandwich, but went down the adventurous route today to try their newest creation: The Parlor. Ingredients: grilled chicken, bacon, avocado, crumbled bleu cheese, hard boiled egg, arugula, tomato, onions. Normally it comes on a sun-dried tomato wrap, but I opted for the hero since it seemed a bit much to roll these ingredients together in a wrap. I am full, speechless and excited to go back for another.
It goes beyond deli sandwiches, but keeps the deli prices. If you are in New York City, well worth the trip! For AndrewAndrew's full video review: tinyurl.com/6pd7gjk
I went to this place because I read Risa Y. and Eunice T.'s review. I don't know you guys but if Asians say its good. Then it must be good! And it WAS!!! Thank You Risa and Eunice for being Asian and providing a good review. Now I don't if they infuse pho flavor into the meat. I doubt it. I just think the smell of beef, hoison, bean sproouts, basil, and siracha, tricks my brain into thinking Pho love. And then my tongue tastes the Pho and then I'm some how transported into my friends Mom kitchen! Hi Vicky and Celeste's Moms!!!! Your Pho's are delicious.
I really don't understand the hype. The meat was just ok. The Reuben sauce was overly sweet as was the strange hoagy bread that the sandwich came in. Service was hurried and apathetic.   It was just ok. Cheap and plentiful for sure...but worthy of being called one of the "must stops" in the East Village? No.
I can't quite comment on their other sandwiches but as a vegetarian and thus, an egg salad connoisseur, Sunny and Annie's has about the best egg salad with-lettuce-and-tomato sandwich in the entire East Village (for $3.75!).  I'm serious, I've tried them all and Sunny's is the only place I'll go out in the rain and snow to in fits of protein withdrawal.  24/7 delivery is also a lifesaver.  Staff is at times not so friendly but who cares when it's a deli? Minus one star because sometimes, I get some not so fresh bread.
