We stopped by before visiting Red Hook Lobster, then had to come back for some food.  The prices were amazing and food was much better than typical bar food.  We were in the middle of College football Saturday and it was amazing seeing how many families had kids in the bar, how great is that?!  We thought it was very charming that the bar had such a welcoming environment where parents don't feel threatened and can bring their children with them for lunch.   Brooklyn Ice House also has a great backyard that can be a beer garden during the summer.  Sadly for us, on the day we came, it was cloudy and drizzling. We ordered several beers along with the wings and pulled pork sliders, since that was all the rave on Yelp.  The wings were much better than expected, but the sliders were not.  Given some hot sauce and bbq sauce, the sliders stepped up.   This is a great bar to hang out and have some drinks if you're in this neighborhood.  People are nice, food is cheap, and drinks are affordable.
I can't tell you how much I love the Ice House. It's one my favorite places to day drink and one of my favorite places in Red Hook. This place is worth the trek alone and I spend a lot of my summers here indoors and out in the back in the patio. It just has this unique charm about it that makes you happy and have a good time. Maybe it's the four different $5 beer and shots that you can go through (Highbeam is my usual go-to: High Life + Jim Beam). Maybe it's the jar of candies and totally outdated board games you help yourself to well through beer/shot number 4. Maybe it's the ridiculously orgasmic chili cheese fries and frito pies (make sure to get criss-cut fries if they have them and extra jalapeños). Not to mention the Cheesy Pete's with bacon, though I swear I've had a hamburger patty in between both grilled cheeses once.. but I was extremely drunk so I can't say for certain. Or maybe it's just because it's that damn good.
This place is the perfect bar! Cheap deep fried food, cheap beer and with a hint of hipster to the side! My boyfriend and I did a day of just exploring red hook (Ikea isn't all what Red Hook has to offer). He wanted beer and I wanted a strip pork sandwich...then we stumbled upon this place. And could not have been more satisfied!
Definitely a local/Hipster spot. $2 Miller High Life so those looking for a deal. The backyard is nice to hang out in during warm weather months, but the inside is just a bit too grimey looking for me.
First things first.  Their Happy Hour is 12-8pm. I wasn't sure exactly what their Happy Hour really entails because it isn't listed on the outside stand alone display board nor is it listed on the chalkboards behind where the bartenders work.   What IS listed are the beers they serve, where they are from, and prices.  Next to the 2 boards that are displaying the beers comes the board for the food.   The food is mostly small items like sliders (pork), fries, etc.  The sliders are 1 for $3 or 2 for $5.  They were decent and nothing really to rave about but even so they beat a lot of other dive bars that serve food.  The grill is conveniently located just on the other side of the wall where the food menu is hung and you can watch the cook make the food for you if you like. However,  the space is normal sized for a dive bar.  It can get crowded rather quickly especially around the bar area resulting in a traffic jam or sorts trying to get to the sit down tables which seats around 10 people comfortably that faces the bar.  There is 1 pinball machine and 1 shooting game that was probably hot in the 90's but it gives you this sense of the grunge upfront.  There is a backyard patio that has a large tent like awning that has communal wooden tables and benches that fits around 12 people as well as outer corner tables that can fit 4 people per section AND the 2 communal bench tables just as you open the door leading to the backyard in the first place.  That fits 4 people comfortably on each setting. Most people that eat in the backyard just leave the garbage there which is pretty much the beer glasses and plastic treys that the food come in but as always you should just bring it back to the bar to save the bartender(s) the trouble of having to come back here stopping the pour of beers to clear your shyt. That is simply a no-no and I'm sure they'd appreciate it as well. This bar is located on the most busiest street of Red Hook which is easily accessible by car or bus.  Not so much subway as that would mean you'd either have to transfer to the bus or walk a good 10 long blocks to get here. I made the foolish mistake of doing so on the way back and I will tell you this, the dogs be sore. This is a no frills all attitude type of bar, in a good way.   I'd definitely come back for more beer and food if I'm in the area.
5 stars because: 1. Super quick, prompt service. Our waitress was a bit surly at times, but considering how often she came out to check on us and bring us our drinks and food, I cannot complain at all. I was impressed at how efficient she was. 2. Good selection of beers. If you like beer, you will have no problem finding one that you like. 3. Decent food. I wouldn't say it was great, but it was edible and what you'd expect for the price. The pulled pork sandwich was a good value. 4. Big patio area, ideal when the weather is good. Overall a solid place. Definitely would be happy to return, and glad my friend suggested we go here.
What's not to love about the Ice House? This is a chill place with super friendly staff, a loyal local crowd, a good selection of beers, cheap (tasty) food, and a great backyard. My liver doesn't love the amount of time I spend here, but I do enjoy spicy Tecates, pulled pork sandwiches, sweet potato fries and most of all: sitting out back on a warm evening. The only downsides are that they are cash only (but have an ATM and put up with me paying in quarters when I'm broke) and that they only have basic cable so limited NFL games on fall Sundays... Otherwise, Ice House is A+++++
Throw down a six pack of Porkslap and beast on an order of pulled pork sliders with fries while watching some Saturday College football = a great way to enjoy early part of Saturday. Once you're done with that, have yourself a glass of Whiskey and post up outside in the backyard to bring it all together for a fine Saturday afternoon. Don't worry, if you can't hold your own and decide to pass out, there's a fire pit out there that will keep you warm; just not sure how the locals might feel about that though!!!
My favorite bar
...subtracting a star because of other people that i've met who've raved about this place. Meh...just a regular bar with put-on charm. Hipster yuppies in the front and out back.
Thursday's you can get on stage and sing with there house Karaoke Band.. No cover charge. There were some really good singers and a few who just thought they were great. Either way it's the best karaoke thing I've ever seen.
They had hershey kisses on the bar and I was poppin em like peanuts, yall. The pork buns were bangin and a great deal. And last and not least, Big Bick Hunter. Too bad Red Hook is located in a transportation twighlight zone, if not I'd be out there fairly often.
I am a huge eater and very rarely leave reviews but this experience was particularly upsetting. We sat back in the outside open area. It's actually quite nice! However there was only one server for around 30-40 people. We had luckily gone ahead and gotten drinks at the bar and then had to wait another 30 minutes to place our food orders. After waiting another 45 minutes, are server asked us if our food had arrived. 10 minutes later, she told us that she had canceled our good order and whether or not we wanted to re-order our food. We were outraged. She insisted we had canceled our order when she had asked us if our food had come out. Instead of apologizing, she insisted we either leave or re-place the orders. Since we were hungry we re-ordered as we were desperate. The food we got was pretty average and not worth 1.5 hours wait at all. Pulled pork was kind of dry and the bun was not exciting, hot dog definitely not worth it. Frito nachos, fish tacos and sweet potato fries were actually pretty good but who knows if it was because we were starving by that point. Overall, we were extremely disappointed with the service and how she made us feel as if we were at fault. She never once apologized and actually even avoided us for the most part. I'm sad how bad the service was because the space was so nice and food had potential. I will never go back to this place.
Great beer choices. They have a ton of beer selections, coming from countries like Germany, Austria, the UK, Australia, Japan, and even Sri Lanka! I came here on a Sunday afternoon after brunch, and was able to find seats at the bar. It is a small place, with a little kitchen, serving burgers, hot dogs, and some specialty items, like Thai BBQ Wings. I have yet to try the food, but plan to when I return. Also, the bartender is awesome, and plays great music!
This place is a little hidden gem that I came upon, from the outside its not someplace you would think had the best damn hot dog I've ever had! It looks like a old regular biker bar, small menu, in which you order from the counter. We took a seat in the huge backyard and waiting for what so many raved about...the piled pork and sweet potato fries. When the food came out and it first hit me mouth...oh my god delicious! The pulled pork you have to add your own BBQ sauce, which is fine with me, I'm a dipper. It was very flavorful! One of the best I've had. The sweet potato fries came with a sauce, mayo based which was awesome. But...the BEST PART of my entire lunch was the HOTDOG! Yeah a hotdog, who would have ever thought a dog can taste so good. It's wrapped in a perfect crispy back with melted cheese, and oh so juicy inside! The staff was also very friendly and I will be coming back! Especially for the DIRTY DOG!
Really nice beer selection. Great smoked, pulled pork sandwiches at 2 for $5. The wings are also outstanding. Excellent outdoor space.
I really like it here. The highlights: 1) Fish tacos, a special, but I think they have it often 2) Spicy Tecate with $1 shot 3) Backyard The bartenders are cool, but there was a waitress that was pretty rude and kind of lazy. I hate saying that, but I asked for hot sauce and she grabbed the bottle of tabasco closest to her. It was empty... and there was Tapatio and Cholula within view. Also, she would do this weird thing where she would completely ignore a couple people in our party. Otherwise, cute and chilled out space, with everything I want in a good hangout bar.
Great outdoor space in the back.
Came here on Saturday with a few friends who live in the area and explained this was the best place for cheap, good beer and cheap, delicious food.  They were so right and I can't wait to come back. We hung out for a few hours in their spacious backyard.  Lots of tables for groups of friends to relax, enjoy one of their good draft beers and pig out on extremely affordable bbq.   The hotwings were delicious, with a spicy chili sauce.  I had a pulled pork slider, which was a lot larger than I anticipated.  Don't think I could have eaten 2 of them, unless I was super hungry.   Also ordered the frito pie (delicious) and chili fries (super delicious).  Everything was so cheap and the beer selection was solid.   Everything about Ice House is awesome.  The only thing I would change is probably the lightbulb in the bathroom, which is so dark I had trouble navigating.
This dive bar/barbecue joint is exactly my kinda place with the classic rock, the old wood environment, and some creative, yet unpretentious decorations.  The thing that ices it though is the quality of the food.  Try the fried chicken sliders for appetizer to enjoy some high quality breaded fried chicken that's hot, fresh, and tastes like buttermilk on a soft potato bun with lettuce and some sort of southwest sauce on it.  It was spectacular.  The dirty dog is a cholesterol-n-taste filled creation of a hot dog that has melted yellow cheese all around it and secured with a wrapping of bacon.  The pulled pork sandwich is only $3 and has high quality meat, bread, and 2 slices of pickles.  The BBQ sauce is very good with a thick molasses taste.   For entertainment, they have a juke box, a shooting arcade game, and a pinball arcade game (Iron Man).   The service and overall experience was above reproach and I can't wait to return to do some heavy ice cold beer drinking.  It definitely has a mostly local clientele that seems very relaxed, garrulous, and friendly.  Many seemed to look like urban fishermen.
Great place to spend an afternoon or an evening.   A little dark and cramped inside, but the beer garden is perfect.  Drinks are good and really affordable. The fish tacos are great, but a must have is the hot dog stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon.  Really, how can you say no? Cash only, but there's an ATM nearby.
A very unassuming dive bar. Great place to hang out with friends. Cash only. We ended here after having done a birthday pub crawl around Red Hook. It's got good cheap eats, a decent beer list, and a laid-back vibe. I rather enjoy how their menu is pretty much your basic yummy-tasting junk food. Corn dogs, sweet potato fries, pulled pork sandwiches, and Frito pie! Where else can you get Frito pie? We enjoyed all of it, and I was pleasantly surprised by the fries. They are seriously good. The outside area is great now that it's finally started warming up. We've also come once in early afternoon and played Jenga. Ideal for a large group of friends, they have plenty of space and the bartenders don't seem to mind the crowd.
The staff is always friendly, the food is DAMN cheap and DAMN good, the atmosphere cannot be more relaxed and chilled out, they have a great selection of beer, too. The drawback: they're cash only. That's all I can think about. Totally worth coming here.
I came here for the Brooklyn Red Hook Immersion. I loved the outdoor space area, but not sure it is worth a trek from the city for just a bar. If you live in the area, would highly recommend the outdoor area in the summer-- it's very nice! They have a decent selection of Brooklyn beer on tap. I personally like the reserve.. has a great spice!
Brooklyn Ice House is as good as it gets. Awesome backyard outdoor area with tons of benches to hang out with friends. I honestly can't think of a better place to go on a Saturday afternoon with friends. Since you're in Red Hook, things are definitely going to be much cheaper than in other parts of the city. But the one thing that will keep me coming back is their Frito Pie, which is basically nachos made with fritos - topped with chili cheese and jalepenos. Seriously, my friends and I must have devoured 5 order of these. Their pulled pork sandwich, bacon wrapped hot dog, and burgers aren't half bad either. I can't wait to come back again the next time I'm in the hood.
This dive bar has charm. We came in a large group and grabbed a huge picnic table. Most of us ordered their pork sandwiches, two for $5 and they hit the spot. Sweet potato fries were decent. I don't know if they're used to handling large crowds because everyone who didn't order pork had to wait a while for their food after we got ours. No big, we weren't expecting much better. When I stepped back inside I saw that there's only one guy in the kitchen - slack cut. When it got cold outside they lit up the fire pit which was really cozy and nice. Inside it isn't too crowded and they have a decent selection of board games. Vodka cranberry was nicely sized and only $5. The guys liked the beer list. We ended up spending at least 3 hours here and had a good time. I'd come back if I was in Red Hook again for some reason.
This weekend we got a bunch of friends together to "trek" to Red Hook (and by trek, I mean we had varying routes of subways/buses/fine-I'll-just-take-a-car to get there). After going to a few other places, we ended up staying at Ice House for longer than we planned. For good reason! Although it had rained earlier in the day, the backyard was pleasant and we were able to grab some paper towels to dry off the seats. The servers were on. the. ball. We weren't the only large party there, but they were constantly circulating making sure everyone had drinks, food, and were generally satisfied. Seriously, everyone on staff this past Saturday was super helpful and incredibly efficient. Because I'd never been there before, I hadn't had the pleasure of partaking in $5 Tecate-and-tequila deals. Wait for it: that isn't even a happy hour special, you can get it all the darn time. The cluster of Tecate cans and shot glasses left in our wake was a good indication of how quickly we took advantage of it. On top of that, the onion rings were superb. Friends got french fries, wings, burgers and sandwiches, and everything was tasty (and delivered fairly quickly, considering the limited kitchen space). Great for a group, great for a few hours in the fresh Red Hook air, I'd recommend this ten times over if I could. Go there.
Best burger in the city! The goat cheese salad is really great too. Great bartender. Great prices. Summer time beers and burgers out back can't be best.
A great bar that is a little dark inside but still cozy. They have a nice selection of Belgian and German beers for a reasonable price. Regular American beers are quite cheap and they have amazing beer + shot offers for $4-$5, like PBR + Evan Williams. The personnel is very friendly and it seems like there is great variety of people going there.
PBR and a shot of Evan Williams: $4. Two delicious pulled pork sandwiches: $5. That means for $10 (including a shitty tip), you can gorge yourself on the messiest, most delicious pork around, AND start yourself down the long road to Drunkenness. Or quickly cross the city limits of Drunkenness. Or set up permanent residence, befriend the townsfolk and eventually become the mayor of Drunkenness. It all depends on what part of your night finds you here. The fact that there's Batman pinball, Buck Hunter and an enormous yard in the back with picnic tables is just gravy. Like a beautiful woman who doesn't find you repulsive, and also happens to know the difference between 'your' and 'you're.' It's a good thing this bar is in Red Hook, or my life would be in danger.
You can still bring a less than cooperative cyberdate here who doesn't speak a word of english and still have an awesome time. Even if she is vegan, doesn't drink and brings along her brother and 2 uncles as chaperones to make sure you are not Creepy McCreep...yes you will still have a good time. Its like that.
If you walked by this place, you'd never have an inkling that you are missing a true culinary highlight in Brooklyn. Beyond the fact that Brooklyn Ice House is just a great bar and spot to hang out, the only thing you need to know is "pulled pork sandwiches." These sandwiches are an absolute steal at two for $5. The pork that sits between two soft hamburger buns is not a style I've had before. Being from the South, I'm accustomed to the delicious, vinegar based pulled pork that is common in the Carolinas. This was like taking a pork shoulder/butt and cooking it in the style of Texas brisket. It was tender, smoky, and spectacularly good. Topped with a healthy helping of the house barbeque sauce, it was far more than I expected during an evening out and about in Red Hook. As for the bar itself, there's not one thing that's really notable here. I mean that in a good way. There's no overwrought theme here, it's just an honest-to-goodness bar with a nice back yard and friendly service. They offer every variety of Six Point brewed beer that I'm aware of and there are tons of games and free candy scattered about the place. I have to confess that the free candy alone is probably enough to earn you 5 stars with me but, seriously, the pulled pork...
Waiting for you to open the back patio...........buuuueller..............buuuuuelle­r....... FINALLY, SOMETHING HAS OPENED TO REPLACE my favorite place, the PIONEER. This is a much cleaner, less smelly pioneer, but with new owners and a dumb name. they have yum 2 for $5 pulled pork sandwiches served LATE and a good beer selection served in nice glasses served by nice bartenders. Imagine that?. :: i'm fancy now. :: i do worry about their destiny due to the fact that i haven't seen any locals working the bar but i think if they treat the old regulars right, are friendly to their neighbors - wink- and stay strong, they'll do alright. please hurry with the backyard thing.
The place is fucking perfect.  It's got character, it's just the right size, Big Buck Hunter, the perfect menu, and you can drink for pretty damn cheap.   And it's right next to Bait and Tackle, in case you want to go play pinball for a while (which I do).
Let me see if I can make this make sense to you: TWO excellent pulled pork sandwiches for FIVE dollars. This is cheap by midwestern standards. And good. And... why are you reading this? You should be on the B61, getting ready to buy some pulled pork sandwiches. If you're not ambitious, I guess I can keep telling you about how good this place is. It's small and dive-y, but it is Red Hook. That's a mark of distinction. The beer list is quite good, the bartenders are something like a combination of your parole officer and your dealer at the same time. There are games around, and literal BUCKETS of candy scattered throughout the place. Anywhere that has buckets of candy is a good spot. The sweet potato fries are pretty good, too. Not worth writing home about, but certainly worth a phone call. Last thing: there's a patio out back. Eat your pork sandwiches in peace.
You can really work up a thirst in and around Red Hook... That's because it's so goddamn far from everything, and when the bus doesn't show up you probably end up saying "Screw it!" and just walking it down Van Brunt. Then, just as the shimmering heat mirages start to gang up on you, you spot the Brooklyn Ice House. Happily, you see that they have two pulled pork sandwiches for $5.00 (not the greatest BBQ I've ever had, but consider them decent bar food and you'll be happy). The draft selections are good, diverse, and change regularly...Although prices are what you'd pay lots of places: ~$6/pint. But there's a diverse selection of bottled beers (Sixpoint and lots of others) really cheap, like $3/bottle. Has an appealing DIY patio/backyard space. Lots of beat-up old metal chairs in Crayon primary colors, gravel floor, big umbrellas, and ramshackle tables -- homemade in the best sense.
1. cheap drinks:  12-8pm happy hour every weekday. 2. amazing beer selection:  they rotate the draught beers often and deep selection, by country, of bottled beers 3. tasty eats:  pulled pork sammies, burgers, corn dogs, fries, chili, etc. 4. friendly bar owner/staff:  Trevor, Dee, Paul -- yeah, I'm talking about yous guys 5. ideal location:  Red Hook, the last bastion of Brooklyn cool minus the trendsters looking to glom on 6. fun in the sun:  backyard patio that you can actually manage to get a seat in.
I was there a while back and had a Cuban sandwich that was a special. I'VE HAD DREAMS ABOUT THAT CUBAN SANDWICH. That's all I'll say since everything else has been said.
It's my local stop.  It's a blessing to live three stumble-able blocks from here.  Food is honest and genuinely good, everything is priced really fairly.  Great cast of real characters at any given moment.  Shot-and-a-beer caters to my inner stevedore.  Sometimes I almost use the phrase "boilermaker" when I'm here. Go here.  Support good people making an honest living doing something terrific.  But don't ruin it for the rest of us, ok?  If you're the type who takes your democratic freedom to yelp or tweet or "like" a little too seriously - and most of you know who you are - prepare for a chill spot with minimal amenities.  If you're already wondering what the bathrooms look like or whether your forks are metal or plastic...go somewhere else.
Solid bar - fantastic pulled pork sandwiches and a great beer selection! They also have a really cute patio in the back for days when it's nice and warm. It has a good neighborhood feel, and some board games. They also were totally fine with us eating a key lime pie here - I appreciate that they're not sticklers about bringing in outside food. One thing that would have totally made the experience is if they toasted the buns of their pulled pork sandwiches. The pork is really juicy, but by the end, that means that the buns are soggy from all the runny pork fat/ pork juices.
Solid bar - fantastic pulled pork sandwiches and a great beer selection! They also have a really cute patio in the back for days when it's nice and warm. It has a good neighborhood feel, and some board games. They also were totally fine with us eating a key lime pie here - I appreciate that they're not sticklers about bringing in outside food. One thing that would have totally made the experience is if they toasted the buns of their pulled pork sandwiches. The pork is really juicy, but by the end, that means that the buns are soggy from all the runny pork fat/ pork juices.
We drank reasonably priced good beer! We ate sweet potata fries! We played Connect 4! And the music was good! So were the other people! Except for that creepy couple that tried to guess how many at our table were Jews! They were wrong anyway! Great night!
I literally come here almost every weekend in the summer - mostly on Sundays -  to get a little day drinking in. I'm completely obsessed with the backyard, the food, and the prices. I've never been anywhere else in NYC where I can get completely wasted, eat the most delicious pork sandwich, and lounge in a backyard for $20. As if that isn't enough motivation to get you in the door, their selection of beers is pretty thorough, too. It's heaven! Sundays are the perfect day to go because it's quiet and you can bring a large group of friends to hang outside.
This is a 3.5 star place at best.  It's a cozy, well-weathered dive, but ultimately pretty basic.  Y'all waxing poetic about the beer list need to get out more - it's pretty standard "good" beer, with maybe one or two novel selections, but nothing exciting.  Prices are a notch more than they should be for some place slightly off the beaten path. I do appreciate the candy on the bar and all the tables though - a tiny Snickers is a sweet accompaniment to a glass of Duvel.
This is my favorite bar, though I hesitate to say so because I enjoy sitting in the corner like a crotchety old man surrounded by sparkle lights with my stupid cheap pulled pork sandwiches, young's double chocolate stout and FREE CANDY (maybe it's from like halloween circa 2008, but I don't care.) without being overrun by too many crazy hooligans. I just want to play jenga/connect four in controlled chaos.
4.5 stars... One of my all time favorite Brooklyn bars! The place has an AWESOME but small menu with items like: sweet potato fries, pulled pork sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, and the like. Everything is very well priced except the wings which are oddly 2x what they should be ($6 for 6, should be $6 for 12), hopefully the owner (which is a really awesome guy) fixes this. The only menu item I've had that didn't meet or exceed expectations was the chili which was just like tomato sauce and ground beef. But they have the best sweet potato fries I've ever had and all of their food is incredibly fresh and homemade. I wouldn't call this place a "BBQ" place by any means so don't judge it by that standard. If the owner could also bring in desserts from nearby Baked, or Steves Key Lime Pies (or make his own) that would definitely be a plus. The beer selection is awesome and categorized by country. The prices are the lowest you'll find anywhere! The best buy I think is the $3 Yuengling ($2 if you go to happy hour 12-8pm M-F). They have at least a dozen or so beers that are $3-4. The beers here are for the most part bottled but they do have 5 or 6 beers on tap which are always changing are are always something unique and often local. Other features include the board games (unfortunately many which missing pieces), an electronic gaming machine, a jukebox, a family guy pinball machine, buck hunter, and a spacious backyard patio which plenty of seating.
Went here after we left the Red Hook Winery and had lunch and a couple of beers. The pulled pork sandwich and chili cheese fries were very good. The beer selection is awesome and the prices are great too. A neighborhood fixture that everybody can have a good time in.
I sat at a long picnic table situated in the furthest back corner of their backyard while hastily gulping down one pulled-pork sandwich after another. My strong hands lovingly gripped the tender, pork-filled glistening buns as my mouth lustfully craved their succulent and secret treasure. Mmmmm. I made love until my fiery appetite was at last satiated, and alas, I could take no more.
"The Mayor of Red Hook" took me there this past weekend and I loved the place!  I loved it and will definitely be back this summer. Thank you "Mayor!"
Hands down, my favorite bar. Pulled Pork Sandwiches: 2 for $5.  These are the real deal, too.  I've lived in North Carolina, and for the price, this is what pulled pork is supposed to taste like. The rest of the menu kicks ass. The bartenders are perfect and have amazing taste in music. They have a jukebox.  These are nearly extinct. The beer selection is staggering. They have a huge beer garden out back. They don't mind if you hang out and work while sipping on your pint. Anytime I bring someone here, they love it!
I am mostly unfamiliar with Red Hook Fun Time, so when my friends and I wandered on in to the nabe from the IKEA water taxi, needless to say we were a little (coughlostcough) disoriented. So we stopped at the fire station and asked a (very handsome, I might add*) firefighter where we could get a drink and he pointed us up Van Brunt Street. In short: score one for Brooklyn Ice House. We walked in and were immediately greeted. I see here that it must have been Trevor who served us -- and it's not hyperbole to say he was one of the nicest bartenders (and, as I see now, owners) I've ever encountered EVER. So totally accommodating despite our indecision. (I would give the place five stars, but there were some REALLY loud kids running around.) And on the music tip? T. Rex to the Statler Brothers. Beat that. * what?
Hands down best pulled pork I've ever had. I recommend getting two with a side of sweet potato fries. I also got the dirty dog which is a hot dog stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon. It was good but after eating that pulled pork nothing really compared. My friends had the frito pie thing and they loved it. This place is a total dive off the beaten path in Red Hook but well worth the adventure there. Sit in the backyard and enjoy. I'm just mad I didn't discover this sooner, I feel I missed out on so much pulled pork.
After a hot day walking around Red Hook, I popped into the Brooklyn Ice House for a cold drink... But what I found - in addition to the $3 Lonestar - was an incredible neighborhood hangout whose patrons & staff were really amazing. It was completely comfortable & fun, and you got the feeling that everyone there really cared about the place. I didn't try any of the food, but it's definitely on my agenda for next time I hop the G train down to Red Hook. But honest to god, it smelled like killer BBQ. Can't wait to try it!
Yes, the pulled pork sandwiches are awesome. Sadly, one evening they were out, and I had to get the beef brisket instead. Happily, it was also awesome. They come with these amazing marinated onions. If you're on a low-carb diet (haha, you can get both meats on a plate for cheap. And Trevor's a nice guy, too. Mmm, delicious.
With intentions of going to another nearby establishment, we stopped short and decided to give this place a shot. After all, pork is good, and pork and pbr is just down right a must. I got the recommended pulled pork sandwhich, couldnt resist getting the sweet potato fries,my friend was eyeing the corn dog. Grabbed a PBR and a Lonestar and sat in the kitchy patio. Laid back, warm and welcoming spot in Red Hook. I will be back, and I will bring an army of oinky sandwhich lovers and we shall eat, drink and be merry.
This place is as local as local gets. You almost imagine a tumble weed to be blowing down the empty streets outside as a gun-fight would break out with cowboys shooting from the roof tops. I found this place while looking for Red Hook brewery. I'm so happy we came here instead. The pulled pork sando's were awesome! the beer selection was incredible and the music playing in the background was everything from NOFX to LCD Soundsystem, and some new wave stuff. I had a Srilankan Lion Stout. They had some Stone beers, and a ton of local stuff. make sure, before you order a beer, you look at the chalk board, the tap list is much smaller than the bottle list.
Brooklyn Ice House is pretty great.  The two for $5 pulled pork sandwiches are awesome and its usually friendly faces all around. I'm a fan.
30 minutes into our meal at the bar, my friend said, "Woah, did you notice that there's a bowl of Hershey's Kisses to snack on?"  Little did he know, I was already working on the World's Largest Ball of Foil at that point (which I was shamefully hiding behind my drink glass).  Yes, Hershey's Kisses set out like peanuts ... I'm sold. Add to that really, really, really tasty pork sandwiches (2 for $5 and enough for a light dinner), and I'm a happy camper.  But, their special hot dog (topped with cheese, wrapped in bacon, deep fried, then put into a bun) is not as decadent (or delicious) as it sounds, the french fries were mediocre, and the wings were average.
Not usually a destination spot but my boyfriend and I find ourselves coming here often.  You can't beat a cool dive bar with laid back people and generally a really good selection of music playing, although I've never put money in the jukebox.  The bloody marys are perfect (something Brooklyn can never seem to get right) and the beer selections are always great and inexpensive.  The sliders are like something out of a crock pot and onto the bun but they put something addicting in them and as much as I try not to eat pork I love them.  Glad to see the last time I was there they had chicken sliders but I wasn't hungry enough to try.  Hopefully they will have them next time!  And SO cheap. I saw a mesclun salad on the chalk board but when I'm here I want the grub! They also have complimentary pretzels and Hershey's kisses at the bar if you like.  Why doesn't EVERY bar do this?! The tv is never too loud.  And in the back you can play Buck Hunter even though you might be in the way of someone that works there trying to get in the area behind it for supplies it's still so laid back and chill.  My only complaint is that the cool vintage red vinyl booths need the seats refinished badly.  They could do this and still maintain the original backs I would think.  Preserve this place!
I'm very amused to read the other reviews of this place.  As one of the members of the oft-mentioned "Local" tribe, I am glad to see how much the Interslopers are into the fabulous backyard, board games, candy, cheap food and extensive beer selection. I heartily recommend the bloody marys. And if Rachel Bonhus is in the kitchen, order the special for sure. As for the beer, try the Affligem. Just don't have major plans for the rest of your day.
Ice House has been my go-to spot since moving to Red Hook a few years ago. When all I want is some cold beer and delicious pulled pork sandwiches (2 for $5), this is where you'll find me. Their sweet potato fries come with a delicious spicy chipotle sauce, and are good enough to make me realize my hatred of sweet potato fries was totally unfounded. My boyfriend gets the veggie burger, which he says is decent, and I've recently become addicted to the Frito pie; Frito chips covered in cheese, chili and jalapenos. I was  surprised to see it on the menu at first, because it's more of a Southern/Southwestern dish, but it really took me back to visiting family in New Mexico. The beer selection is fairly big, random and decently priced. This summer I think I'm going to dive into the shot combo menu. The staff is usually pretty nice, but there is one guy who loves making smartass comments. One time I asked for a water (OMG) and he said "We're all out, how about some water with hops." Please. Better was the woman who let my friends and I smoke inside cause it was 3 AM on a Tuesday and we were pretty drunk. In the spring and summer they open their enormous backyard and let you drink, eat and smoke (only on one side) as long as you like. This is definitely NOT like a lot of Brooklyn bars you probably read about, where kids roam around like wild dogs. I'm lucky enough to have my own outdoor space but if I didn't I'd set up camp here and never leave.
Love the Dirty Dogs and the Pulled Pork sandwich on the menu along with a larger than normal variety of brews. Atmosphere is very friendly.
This place is THE BEST!!!! Two pulled pork sandwiches for $5! Tasty fries! Cheesy Petes! (grilled cheese) Delicious mesculun salad with blue cheese and beets and a perfect vinaigrette dressing for $4.  And there's more on the menu I have yet to try. Casual laid-back atmosphere, worn red leather seats, a stack of games to play if you're in the mood.  Great big backyard area with liscence plate benches, murals, and colorful flags.  Nice bartenders and servers. Not overly hipster, just really super. Love this place!
Had dinner here while staying at the Comfort Inn nearby. We felt welcomed; great service. Food was excellent (pulled pork especially). Great selection of beers and reasonable prices. We walked here from the hotel.
You can definitely stretch a dollar (well a $20 spot) into a full on meal here.   On an adventure with the wife, we wound up here for the pulled pork sliders and some sweet potato fries.  We even threw in some wings and a corn dog for extra artery clogging goodness.  Washed it all down with a beer each for $25.  Seriously, such a great deal for some pretty decent food. If you are ever in the area, this is a great spot to grab some cheap delicious grub.  The back garden has lots of tables too.
GREAT bar-tender! 2 nice-sized-filling pulled pork "sliders" (not mini sliders, medium-nice-sized) for $5.00!  What can beat that?!?! hot buffalo wings were pretty good. Location contains board games! Free Candy (in a jar near the entrance)!!! Bathroom has a wall where you can chalk drawings all over. GREAT music played throughout the night. Really relaxed environment.
Really full but still wanted to try the pulled pork sandwich... tender and sauce made it better. Decent size too. Drinks are cheap. The place was a lot dinkier than I thought. Cool spot but a little shafty... Much better in the summer because it was kind of chilly outside that day.
I'll admit upfront that we were only in the neighborhood because we were planning on going to BAKED down the street, but we were more than happy to check out this place as well. Excellent BBQ, variety of great beers, and easygoing atmosphere. And this adorable little doodle came with our bill: instagr.am/p/OX5jR
if you type in "pulled pork sandwiches in NYC" in the yelp search box, Brooklyn Ice House is the first thing that pops up.  So naturally, a fan of pulled pork sandwiches as I am,  i IMMEDIATELY gravitated towards this quaint bar.   Yelp, you did not dissappoint me in any sense of the word!   On my food pilgrimage to the Big Apple, I found myself taking a shady route to the nerdiest bar I've ever been to--let me tell you: it was worth risking my safety!   You come here for the food and the amazingly priced adult beverages but what you don't expect is to meet a boy with a waffle-iron and a tip to find the best waffles on the United States.   It's probably a good thing i live in Los Angeles, otherwise i'd be fat(ter) from eating the pulled pork sandwiches and drinking beer every day.   p.s. if you were that boy with the waffle iron, you were pretty cool but your friend was really hot.  so, email me?  haha.
Most affordable bar in the city. All-day Shot-and-a-beer specials. Cheap-ass 10-hour smoked pulled pork sandwiches. Great beers for the snobs, Buds and Lonestars for the dude-bros. Great outdoor area and Trevor and the gang of bartenders are as down-to-earth as they come.
Large Yard, lots Of bottles, Boardgames and a String of Red Hook regulars. Food looked good.
LOVE IT! okay, so since I'm in training I don't get to drink. But like many of the yelpers here, I agree, long list of beers. And great atmosphere. We sat out in the back where I didn't get 4G service from verizon. But all the food made up for it. The boy had a blue moon, and later regretted it and wanted something else. And feel in love with the pulled pork. We had a double, so that each of us could have one. Super moist and well made. The pork and it's flavors gets soaked into the bread, so eat fast! I had the ice house burger with jalepenos. The jalepenos didn't add much to it. But I loved the burger! It reminded me of that sausage-y texture but in a patty form. It comes along with cripsy french fries, lettuce, tomato and pickles! I split half of my burger with the boy so he could try it. He like it, but still favored the pork over it and said, if only this place was closer to our neighborhoods, he would be here all the time. The restaurant is in red hook which is a detour from our usual hang out spots. Lastly, we had a side of buffalo wings. Well made and made just right. I wanted to play with the pin ball machine, since my generation really missed out on all the arcade games, its 75cents for 1 play and 2$ for 3 plays. Can't wait to play it next time I'm there!
Stopped in here for a few drinks and a quick bite to eat before catching a movie at Valentino Pier. Instantly, I was in love. It's divey, inexpensive, there are buckets of candy, and there is a can of Duff on the shelf. The outdoor area in the back is spacious and comfortable. They offer a solid, not overwhelming, beer selection, with a good mix of craft, mainstream, and imports, all organized by country on a big chalkboard. Most of them are bottle/can but there are about five drafts as well, which were a dollar off for happy hour. Food menu is small but solid. Got a corn dog (I never eat them and *had* to get it) and fries for $4. My friend E went with the pulled pork, which he thought was just as awesome as everyone else here. His sweet potato fries were perfectly seasoned and crispy, and D's turkey burger looked good. The corn dog was good; not too greasy and evoked feelings of being 10 years old at a county fair. The fries, regrettably, were not crispy and a little oily. Bartenders were super nice and just as laid back as the clientele. Music was good and there were two TVs, first tuned to the Yankees and later to the Olympics. Only drawback is that it's cash only, but for once I was prepared, because this seems to be the norm in many of the bars here. It's definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
This review is only based on service and their variety of beer. Stopped in with my group of 8 for some drinks. We only had beer and it was pretty good. We were also able to watch the olympics as well and felt right at home. They do offer over 70 different beers. Most are bottled. Next time I must try the famous pulled pork sandwich.....
This place is great! Comfy dive bar type feel -- the pulled pork sandwiches are so. damn. good. Holy. Just get two for $5 and you're set! I didn't drink tonight (gasp!) but friends had a wide variety of beers that they seemed to enjoy! Also, there's a TON of board & trivia games -- lots of fun trying to figure out the pop culture quiz stuff. Would definitely make the trek out to Red Hook again!
Do you like good, cheap beer and pub food? How about a laid back vibe, comfy booths, mellow regulars and a playlist that's full of interesting music? Brooklyn Ice House is the place for you. Found myself here during a tour of Red Hook this weekend. Settled into the corner table by the front door, where we played some Connect Four and Jenga, enjoyed the eclectic yet always quality playlist, and sampled the perfect sweet potato fries (the ideal blend of crispness and chewiness). And they were $3, as was my oatmeal stout. And the barkeep seamlessly took care of us, refiling water glasses without asking (this is a bar, mind you). The pulled pork sandwiches and corn dogs also looked quite tasty, with a number of folks tucking into them. Loses one star for being so far out of the way, but a great spot I would gladly revisit soon. If you're in Red Hook, go to the Ice House.
Pretty awesome place. 2 for $5 pulled pork is definitely a win as everyone else says. Huge selection of beers from all over the world, I'm no beer connoisseur, but if you are this is your place. We went during lunch time and saw two different families that brought their kids in. Pretty cool to share the pulled pork with your 10 yo son/daughter. Fries were tasty and crisp. They also have a good selection of board games. Jenga FTW! I think this place was once owned by Alan Corey, the guy who wrote A Million Bucks by 30.
Came because a group of us loved this place to much and go everytime it's someone's birthday. About 12 of us got there on a Saturday at 9:30pm we sat in the back and some guy took our drink and food order. 5 minutes later he returned saying "I was not supposed to take an order... the kitchen is backed up because someone up front waited like an hour for food". We asked when we could order food and his response was "I don't know.. a long time... this isn't even my job to be taking orders" So that's about 12 people who then got up and left..... extra star because i don't think they charged us for the order of drinks he returned with This was back in the beginning of september... maybe they got a new staff, if so... let me know and I will return
Great food, beer/liquor selection, a backyard and friendly staff. This place is definitely everything I need and more! Pulled pork sandwiches + sweet potato fries = Heaven. And I also love the Stevedore special for $4.
Pulled pork that is tender and juicy-there's no need to add sauce. Buffalo wings that are meaty and spicy-once again, I wouldn't change a thing. It's been too long since I've visited the Brooklyn Ice House, but I think a trip to Red Hook is long overdue to sample your delicious delights accompanied by one of your local microbrews on tap.
Rating this place purely as a bar, since I haven't tried the food.  This is my favorite neighborhood drinking establishment.  Comfy, good variety of beers, and great service.  Especially love the garden in the back.
Sweet potato fries here rule!!!!! also they have my favorite beer delirium ! pulled pork sandwiches I would be a lil piggie if I lived in RH
This is a great dive bar in Red Hook.  I love the backyard and have enjoyed many an afternoon back there with some ice cold beer- which is basically my idea of the perfect summer afternoon.  The beer list is good enough that you'll find something you like that's a little different.  They serve Tito's vodka, which isn't really that unusual anymore, but this used to be one of the only places that carried Tito's & I love my Tito's.  The prices are cheap.  I haven't eaten here yet, but the food smells and looks pretty good...especially the pulled pork.  I really like this place.
Come to Ice House for some good ol unpretentious fun.  None of that fancy truffle oil, $20 addtl foie gras caviar stuffs.  Kick back a cold one and pay 5 bucks for a pair of pulled pork sliders and don't forget the sweet potato fries.
I've only been here in the afternoon, but every time I've been it's been a relaxed affair where you could enjoy a decent, moderately-priced pint and sit outside in the backyard. This is a nice experience, and as someone else suggested, "it's a 3.5 star place". Yes to this.
This place is special, and I love it. As dark inside during the day as it is as night, the Ice House looks like a watering hole that's been there for decades.  The whiskey and beer selection is vast, you can hear your partner over the well-chosen music, and to enter, you must wear a beard. The pulled pork sliders are fantastic, especially when doused in a healthy amount of barbecue sauce (homemade? no idea, but delicious, yes).  Same deal with the brisket sliders. Yum! The mesclun salad was impressively fresh and the lentil soup with kielbasa was passable (not bad, not great).  Veggie burgers are available. 4 amazing sliders, the salad, the soup, a draught beer and a generously strong hot toddy ran us a mere $33 + tip. You can't beat that with a bat. Really can't.
This place is great- a real Brooklyn vibe, excellent music always playing. Pulled porks are very good. A real bargain- great place to go for a cheap meal and hearty eats! Love it they have the champagne in the mini bottles- wish more bars in Brooklyn would keep those on hand.
Yummy.
i really like this place! 2 pulled pork sandwiches for a mere bagatelle, a mesclun salad for delusions of health, and a big open back yard. it just feels comfortable, like your favorite old bluejeans. si si si!
the first time i came here, it was the day before my birthday. and if memory serves me correctly, i had a good time. the next time i came here was last week on a coolish labor day weekend sunday. my friend and i had a couple beers, split the 2 for $5 pulled pork sandwich and had a nice little time. i really really like red hook, and seem to always NEED a reason to go down there. i think brooklyn ice house is a good reason.
This is hardly a restaurant, so if that's what you're looking for skip it.  There are like 5 things on the menu.  The pulled pork sandwich was pretty good and the wings were really good, but no biscuits or cornbread which I consider BBQ staples.  The waitress/bartender was also a huge bitchass.
It doesn't get any better on Van Brunt. The staff is very friendly, the drinks are cheap, and they have a seriously awesome BBQ menu. The pulled pork will always have a place in my heart, but the real stars are the sweet potato fries and the chili-cheese fries, which should come with a defibrillator and life insurance. Add to the mix free pretzels and candy, great board games (go Boggle!), pinball, and a backyard that's easily one of the top three in the city. It's a better version of the Levee.
After hours of ultimate frisbee in the park, all I want is a pulled pork sandwich, sweet potato fries, and a Lone Star.  If it's nice outside, the back is clutch.  If not, I like to cozy up inside to dim lighting and punk rock.  It's cash only, but that cash goes far on shot specials and cheap food.
one for three, two for five. And a Double Chocolate Stout.
I really like this place. I bike there so don't find that it's "out of the way" but I can see how it would be a bummer using public transport to get there. The casual feel, the oddly good, simple dishes from the kitchen and the delightful bar staff all work to make the Brooklyn Ice House a hidden gem. The regulars were friendly and I got to read my book while sipping on a couple of pints in air conditioned ease. I've already planned on going back with a handful of friends - tonight actually!
This place has great service. We sat outside as a large group (which there is plenty of space) and the waiting staff served us very well without mistakes. The drink specials were great and the BBQ wings were excellent.
Great neighborhood bar.  Dive-y, large beer menu, friendly staff, nice backyard, good music, cheap pulled pork sandwiches that fill your belly, plenty of places to lock up your bike.
This place is perfect to swing by for quick bite on your way home from IKEA to assemble your swedish made crap. The best value is definitely the pulled pork sliders, you get 2 for $5 and the beer is priced well too. I don't think there's a better value in the 5 boroughs!
The Ice House is my go to bar when I am looking to spend a relaxing weekend day in Red Hook. The outdoor patio is perfect for enjoying a cold beer on a nice day. The staff here is always welcoming and the beer selection is top notch. I haven't eaten here yet, but the food always smells amazing (we usually stop here after brunch so I am full!) It's cash only, but the prices are super reasonable. Enjoy!
The Pioneer will always be near and dear to my heart, but the Brooklyn Ice House has definitely been successful and filling the shoes. We can start with the owners - awesome people. Very involved with the bar, and really friendly and inviting to anyone who comes in. The staff - also great folks. Red Hook locals (don't let that scare you - these are the nice locals!) who are good with pours and the by backs. Food - awesome bar fare. Especially the specials, and especially when it's Rachel in the kitchen. (She makes an amazing Cuban sammich.) The pulled pork is the aroma (and how you're probably smell after you leave), and is mighty tasty. Great sweet tater fries and onion rings. Burgers are pretty damn good, too. The bar - fully stocked, with all the usual plus some extra really great whiskeys. Dozens of beers to choose from. All of it with really good prices, especially during happy hour. Atmosphere - it can go from quiet and relaxing to loud and crazy, depending on the time, the people and if there's an event on the tele. Indoors it's quaint, just a few tables lining a wall, and a bar stretching across the room. They have pin ball and electric critter killer machines in the back, board games in the front, and usually have some sort of lil pretzels and chocolates treats on the bar... you know, the little touches. All the Ice House is really missing is a ping pong table - which we haven't been able to talk em into... yet.
love it. great bar. cheap drinks. tasty food. cozy atmosphere. awesome friendly bartenders. love this place. recommend!
Down to earth, welcoming, diverse crowd...and great food! This is one our fave places in the neighborhood for weekend afternoons in the back yard. It's like family. Love it.
LOVE this place. My office is in Red Hook so we frequently stop in for lunch or a drink after work. The food is awesome (you have to try the pulled pork!) and the beers are pretty good too although I often opt for the Stevedore (PBR and a shot of whiskey). The bartenders are friendly and serve a mostly Red Hook crowd. Definitely looking forward to drinking a few in their backyard this summer!
Love love love this place. Stumbled across the Ice House one day when I took the free Ikea ferry from South Street Seaport to Redhook. The shot/beer combos are cheap and get the job done. Plus, suprisingly, the food selection is delicious.  The "Cheesey Petes" - aka grilled cheese sandwiches over fries -- are amazing. Also, they serve their beers in beer cozies, which is a nice touch. Great outdoor space, and really cool laid back non-Williamsburg-Brooklyn vibe. I could (and have) spend an entire afternoon sitting in their back yard with friends in the summertime.
Batman pinball, a chilled out beer garden and cheap, yummy food served by nice people. Seriously, what more could you ask for from a bar?
Looking for a great pulled pork sandwich?An extensive beer list? Jenga? And a fabulous bacon-wrapped, cheese-stuffed, deep-fried hot dog?  Look no further. This low key, friendly bar will meet all your needs.
DAMN I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Cheap, really good food, every business should model themselves after this place. If i didn't go during work i would've sat in this place all day drinking beer. What a comfortable place to hang. A nice sized pile of pulled pork, topped with a pickle on a plain ol white hamburger bun @ $3 ea or 2 for $5, YOU CAN'T GO WRONG!!! and the sweet potato fries are pretty damn good as well, the 2 together make a wonderful pair. Just go, you won't be disappointed, i promise!!!
The pulled pork sandwich is great, and you can't beat the two for $5 deal.  Great beer selection, too.
Great casual spot for cheap and very serviceable grub. I've had very good pulled pork sliders. a generously sized beet salad, and good sweet potato fries here.  Nice large outdoor patio space too populated by a ramshackle mix of benches and tables (no table service though). Very reasonable prices too. It's surprisingly empty during the day, so if you want to linger, it's no problem.
The jukebox got fixed, and it plays Built to Spill, Tom Petty, Zeppelin, etc. What's not to like!?
Solid neighborhood bar with a huge backyard area. Good for groups and conversation.
Happiness is a pulled pork sanwich.  And tell me, people what is better than a menu that has a pulled pork sandwich and also features corn dogs and fries?!!  Both were dee-lish. Not to mention the onion rings. Oh, I'm going back all right!  Next time instead of one sandwich, I'm going with the server's recommendation of two.  Take that, skinny biatches! A complimentary shot of Jameson rounded out the meal perfectly.
If you didn't rate this a 5-star... you're some sorta retard.
Pulled pork steeped in lager = absolutely delicious. I love this place!!! Don't be put off by the exterior as this place has an amazing beer menu (although no French beers which is a bit odd)  and quite honestly some of the best pulled pork in the north east. Like most of the best BBQ/pork stores, the sauce is on the side and it's all about the smoked meat. And boy do these guys know to smoke some pork! One bun is never enough and I always want seconds. I love this place!!!
Dirty dive filled with no class hipsters.
We stopped by here after going to Ikea in Brooklyn because we think Anthony Bourdain did a show at this bar.   Its looks like any old bar in Brooklyn.   After we sat down, I started to question if the food was going to be any good because it was a bar and it was really small.  I asked the bar tender for a menu which was a sheet of paper with a very limited menu. I had the pull pork sandwiches and the chili cheese fries.  The pulled pork sandwiches were good, but the chili cheese fries were amazing.  I think it was the best chili cheese fries I ever had and it was like only $5.   The chili was not a typical chili.  It was a meat chili with no sauce and beans.  I liked it. If you are ever around the red hook area and looking for a beer and snack, you should definitely stop by.
What a gem!  Offers a "familiar" vibe indoors along with a mellow beer garden in the back courtyard.  Fair prices, cold beer, friendly staff, affable fellow patrons - try the simple yet savory pulled pork sammiches.
I love this place.  Super friendly staff with a stay-as-long-as-you like attitude.  Just moved to Red Hook, and this is my official new neighborhood bar.  No pretension.  It's bomb.
Cool place with a good outside.
Literally just had one of their pulled pork sandwiches which I got for a whopping $3.  Beautifully tender and juicy and packed in. Casual, cozy dark red atmosphere with super puffy leather(ish?) seats. The bartender gave a warm welcoming smile (always a good thing for good heartiness!) A nice little hideout in Red Hook! Will try their Frito Pie soon.
Yummy pork! Mmmm Guinness!
The backyard is an awesome place to work on your daytime buzz.  The pulled pork sandwiches come as a pair and the Frito pie is processed goodness.  Really, what else can you want?
This placed scream of back home in Indiana.. Good people, low key, great food, and decent brew. I felt like a regular my first time going. Oh, and make sure you get the pulled pork sandwich!
Dynomite!  Good food and a great beer selection. Friendly staff and a back patio.  Too bad I don't get to Red Hook that often because I would live there during happy hour.  $2 Yueng Ling drafts!!!
service was great, my fish tacos and burger were excellent. no frills, super affordable and it works.
keeping my fingers crossed brooklyn ice house stays the way it is now forever, coolest bar in brooklyn (for locals)
Went here today for lunch and u can't beat the $2.00 PBRs at happy hour. The food was very good and fast. Had the pulled pork sandwiches and the blue cheese chicken salad sandwich filled me up for the night lol. Definatly a cool spot, good atmosphere.
The Ice House is such a great find. Their international beer sellection is really great, and their food is also good. My boyfriend recently got a job in the area and we try to go there for drinks and a bite to eat at least once a week. The out door seating is really nice, and as much as I would love to keep this place a secret the Ice House is really worth checking out. If you're in the Redhook area on Van brunt you shouldn't  pass  up the chance to stop by.
when the pioneer closed, my heart broke more than a little and i didnt really think anything could fix it. enter the brooklyn ice house. trevor, the owner and generally the man behind the bar, is absolutely gracious and friendly almost beyond my capacity for understanding. happily, he has brought back the meaty meatness of the pioneer by offering brisket (have yet to try but have heard enthusiastic mumblings through mouthfuls from people seated next to me at the bar) and the aforementioned 2 for 5 bucks pulled pork sandwiches. it looks like the menu is ever-expanding. im glad trevor has brought back the pioneer-feel of locals and non-locals just hanging around in a comfortable space. and yes, when the yard is open again all will be right with the world.
along with bait & tackle you have two real solid bars right next to each other.  this place is cheap looking but the atmosphere is solid.  its kind of like a black hole. i've been three times and every time i went in with the intention of one beer and maybe some wings, then stayed for hours.  just wished they'd mix up their drink specials, b/c i'm getting soooo sick of drinking PBRs everywhere haha
yeah, the name is seriously dumb.  but the food is seriously cheap and tasty.  their bbq sandwich is great, as are the veggie burgers.  and they serve food late, which is desperately needed in this neighborhood.  the beer selection, however, leaves much to be desired.  it looks like they tried to come up with a good selection but don't seem to understand what that means.  they've got beers from a couple of countries, for example, but the beers they chose are the bud equivalents of those countries.  the environment really seems to depend on who's there--i've gone and seen happy locals on some nights, drunk frat boys on others.  nonetheless, i'm happy and think it's a good addition to the neighborhood.
The BBQ pork sandwich was great!  So were the sweet potato fries and the mescalin salad.  We'll definitely be back!
What a cute little gem.  It kinda reminded me of bars out in Oregon for some reason.  Not divey, not a sports bar, not a regular old place, but unique with little things that were nice....like little candy kisses in bowls on the bar, delicious food for cheap - who knew that this place boasts the best ginormous chilli cheese fries I have ever had? ($5).  My friend had a grilled cheese with fries, also $5.  And another friend got two pulled pork sandwiches for $5.  This is a seriously cheap night out. The drinks were decent priced...even their $5 wine was good and the pour was heavy handed.  I can't really remember what the music was like, but it was dark, there was a big back yard with benches, the seats are comfortable all around, and the crowd was not pretentious at all. I would go to this bar way more often if I didn't have to take a bus to get there. I will say though, that the bus stop is right by the bar, so you don't' have to walk far if you are going to take a bus.  The waitress was nice, my friend got a free drink from the bartender, (I think because he bought so many beers), there are cheap options, they are friendly...I could go on and on.  The only reason why I won't give this place five stars is because I had to hop on a bus to get here.
Great outdoor seating, nice vibe but a bit like Germany in its exclusionary flow. The food was cheap and good. Best chile cheese fries that I've eaten in a bit.
stopped in on a recent red hook adventure and ended up with a guinness and pulled pork sandwich for breakfast. 3 samiches, 4 beers, 2 fries for less than $20! super friendly staff and all the jukebox classics. good way to start the day! when you're finished, head over to steve's key lime pies for dessert.
Everything is good here.... from the friendly bartender to the around the world beer choices and those "must-have" pulled pork sandwiches(better without the bbq sauce)!  Can't wait to go back!
Visited on a recent Thursday night in July when it was still 90 and humid at 8pm.  This is a great dive bar with working A/C, good food, and a great backyard seating area for when it's not hot as blazes.  Pulled pork sandwiches were 2 for $5 as advertised - moist, tender, begging for a better bbq sauce than the generic commercial variety in the squeeze bottle.  Salad with beets and blue cheese was gigantic and fresh for 8. Bottles of Yingling and other cheap domestic beers for $3, taps for $5-6.
